I mean after all why should people who worked hard for their money subsidize some poor kid with cancer?
That's a special case. Nobody is advocating for that. Grow up.
OK...you are right, advice well taken but I got a question for you...
/ Complete Repeal first then Replace !
Howbout repeal and don't replace..just open free markets and honor Constitution..?
Some that call themselves Conservatives will. If @HouseGOP passes this will they still have majority in 2018?
REPEAL DO NOT REPLACE.
@ColumbiaBugle @RandPaul Bitter much Rand? You're plan or nothing huh? To attach the Devils name is wrong. MAGA 
Just like I have been telling everyone raging, the freedom caucus will stop this bill in current form!
you just want to kick all the lower and middle class off their health care plans!
this is madness... Dear lord...Oh well, I've lost my respects, but clog the system and keep the ACA until u figure it out
@ChiefFabulous @RandPaul more of my money gone can't help my American child but help illegals
Make sure that Congress gets exactly what we get for healthcare too.
Please get this right. We want a healthcare that will be good for citizens of the USA. We can't afford to cover illegals
Proof that Ocare degenerates quality of life..
So ur not for the elderly, poor, what happens to these people, if they don't have OC???
You are right. We want the President and Congress to keep the promise of "repeal and REPLACE."
@oqven @RandPaul  TRUE 
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS 
The very first thing you need to do to the failed obamacare 
is STOP THE FORCED participation
There is no free market while there is an individual mandate, or really, any mandate at all.
Nope. Regular Obamacare will due just fine.
poor get it for $20 while middle class suckers pay $5k deductibles? Nope
Ryan on @seanhannity radio 3-9-17  -Obamacare and it's none repeal @SpeakerRyan - #Hannity 
offered TownHall -NOPE
@DrSueDVM @RandPaul heard the judge say where does it say in the Constitution that the government has to supply Healthcare.
@pambesteder @RandPaul How can you have a "refund" if you've never paid to begin with ?!! 
It is continuity of PPACA for 10 more years. Time to #KillObamaCare Now
insurance company executives NEED more money. Duh. And I wish poor people would stop buying up all of the iPhones.
You R absolutely correct. We don't want Obamacare or Omabacare Light.
@peddoc63 @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump @POTUS  NOTHING LESS THAN REPEAL!!!!!!! You promised, and we WILL hold you to that promise!
@hrothenb @RandPaul
 yeah, he cant get access so he just makes up stuff
@pambesteder then why is he calling it obama lite? Rand runs his mouth too much
Because it is.  Its not a repeal...
Thank you. NO new entitlement programs. NO mandates of ANY kind. NO Pelosi-like tactics. Keep at it Senator. @SpeakerRyan
Americans want a single payer to cover all. We can no longer afford anything else.
@realDonaldTrump GOP KEEP PROMISES MOVEMENT NOW. HELP @POTUS DRAIN THE SWAMP NOW. GOP UNITE BEHIND @POTUS. KEEP TWEETING
Who did this Rand? name names. 
Not @realDonaldTrump
@realceccpoint @RandPaul We want wht CAN B passed-Bits of OCare wth mostly new logical changes-it looks like that's what was done
Rand Paul is soooo right!
NO OBAMA CARE LIGHT !!!  RAND needs to be SPEAKER !
@POTUS DON'T WANT OBAMACARE LITE.  Thank you @SenRandPaul who has the guts to get it right the 1st time.
If you haven't seen it, how do you know it's "ObamaCare Lite"?
sadly in DC there are near zero small gov Constitutional Conservatives!  Americans are screwed!
If Insurance companies have a say so...along with Paul Ryan#the American middle class is screwed
all about our Constitutional Rights!
Restore Medicaid and Medicare DSH payments to hospitals that were cut under ACA! @MarkAmodeiNV2 @SenDeanHeller
And .... they don't want tax credits and HSA's to meet their healthcare needs.
keep under 26 and preexisting conditions clause. 22 year old son has Crohn's and needs insurance for an incurable disease
Laws MUST be WRITTEN in the House of Representatives, then Debated. Let it Run its course.
They're NOT voting, they are writing the Bill, It has to be Presented First, there’s nothing to read nor vote on: That’s the difference!
what a dirty proposal on abolishing #healthcare! Greetings from Germany  #resist
Just get rid of the mandate and stop slow walking getting rid if it, you're not the president
what we want is for a party to stop making excuses! We want you take this opportunity to prove the voters right!
love how her argument was if you repeal millions will be without insurance. What do you think is going to happen in 2018!
They want Obamacare full version.They didn't know how confusing it was going to be for the POTUS and republicans to fix
except all the ones showing up to town hall meetings
We also do not want a show or any foolery surrounding this important subject. Let the right process play out.
Rand Paul needs to shut up and stop speaking for Conservatives while he pitches a fit like a spoiled brat.
But we want Obamacare Full even less.
People don't want Obamacare, they want "Freecare"...  Taxpayer Subsidized by the People, Siphoned off by Bureaucracy...
Obama got it passed without the Republicans, what's the problem? Get rid of it altogether! Gov. Has no buss. In ins. Buss
@realDonaldTrump Exactly! Govt never should have been in insurance business to begin with. Repeal, get ot, stay out!
Get fed gov't out of our lives. ObamaCare wrecked the world's best health care system. We want our health care back.
Paul is not a true conservative
No, they don't want things like coverage for pre-existing conditions or no lifetime caps when they have cancer. @FoxNews @RandPaul
You represent more than just "conservatives"!
I want to hear from this man.
and the rest of us don't want you to f@$k with the ACA at all!
NO Obama light. Such a ridiculous idea. Wish I lived in KY.  GO Rand Paul!
And you are grandstanding to get tv time for your own plan.  Not that it'd be a terrible plan, but you are being disingenuous, @RandPaul.
Do they prefer we all suffer and die?
how does Sen Paul know it's Obamacare Lite if he can't see the bill?
no we don't want it... fight on!
how about... we repeal Obamacare and We the People take care of our own health care :-p
#FullRepeal
ObamaCare is a big entitlement program that has taken monies from Medicare...and both programs are going bankrupt
Healthcare needs to be a compromise of what ALL Americans want. If it's partisan it will fail like Obamacare #bipartisan
This is ridiculous.  He makes no sense at all.
full repeal please.
Rand is right. I'm furious at Ryan and his ilk.
no we want a choice and competition.
It's called Ryancare, Rand
Americans want the health plan congress voted for themselves
Shut the hell up ?? Calm down, the whole package has been scheduled to come out around Easter since the get go !! God !!
How much are you in the pocket Rand? Shameful
Obamacare has been brilliant renovation of health care in America..Repubs like it but it wasn't their idea so dis i
complete repeal and removal of all crony regulations. #TLOT
I wish the whole interview was posted.  I support what you are doing Rand Paul
Rand Paul is not in charge & cannot speak for conservatives one way or the other- he has not even seen the changes yet
Many of your constituents want to keep and improve the ACA.
Repeal all heathcare."SINGLE PAYER" One for all,all for one.the great American way!!!
American's don't want Obama care lite
What about Americans? Do you know what we want?
Republicans has too much money coming into their pockets from pharmaceutics and hospitals. Their not going to help voters
Repeal his healthcare to..and then we will go from there?
is telling it like it is. We want free market healthcare, not central planning.
true. That goes for independents and moderates as well. We all want it gone completely.
we don't want anything with @BarackObama name on it!! Ever not never!
But it's not just about "Conservatives" it's about all Americans access to affordable quality healthcare.
Rand Paul is right and a good guy.  Obama care is a rip off.
I don't want "O" care lite! I want to be left alone and not told what to do by government.
only represents ultra "Conservatives", not his Constituents. Make sure this is his last term. Take his seat.
How would u know?!? U never connected with pro-Trump voters!
Why did he not say what his replacement looked like?
We the people agree to repeal Obamacare and adopt a plan that you promote that we all see then agree or disagree.
Then come up with something better. Still waiting.
but I want pre existing conditions included.
Good Rand Paul
@realDonaldTrump pay attention potus. What rand is saying is what you campaigned on #Noobamacarelite
@harleygrl3465 @RandPaul He is absolutely right about that. Ppl better start Listening.
They never learn would much rather believe the people who gavem Obamacare total delusional flakes
You pretend to oppose RyanCare from the right, but you really oppose it from the left. So many Kentuckians on Medicaid!
I'm glad, though. Do whatever it takes to stop "repeal and replace."
Full Repeal, no mandates to pay penalties to anyone, legalize Health Savings Accounts.
NOBODY wants Obamacare Lite
how about what the PEOPLE want?
It's a secret!
we will not be distracted by the fact Trump&Admin is Russian toe tagged and the GOP is backing an entitlement program
We are not Dems and we certainly don't want to go back to being at the mercy of the insurance company & free market.
I don't want Obama anything!
This conservative wants you to stop grandstanding, negotiate as best you can for us, but in the end support the majority.
conservatives have the money to pay idiot ask the people who are in it
No we do not!!! 
#StandWithRand
Hope all of you will come together. There may need to be some compromise, Senator. Just do something to make it better!
Please take the word obama out of care the two do not go together
should it really only matter what conservatives want. Shouldn't it be about the population as a whole #cuntservethemself
your not a conservative. No one wants your libertarian nonsense. Most ppl like more programs that help the American ppl.
They just want uninsured people dead.
The Republicans are once in a position to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory. It seems they are afraid to win.
Why don't you wait to read bill that comes from House committees, then give constructive input?
rand Paul is correct.
@SpeakerRyan Senator Rand, you know you need to work with other Republicans and temper your media face-time.
Voters want GOP to work together & accomplish what we voted you to do.
Come up with something else then. It's about time.
it's not about what conservatives want, it's about what is best for Americans, figure it out and then do it
Talk only for yourself.
got that right
He don't represent all conservatives
no we as in most everyone do not want Obamacare lite or otherwise!!!!!!
I believe your idea of most everyone is defined by the people you hang around. Most everyone is overstating
War is coming.
I really feel Rand Paul is a big ass he hates president 
Trump , What where the Rep. doing for eight years to change O,C
Senator Paul you are right. Get with across state line insurance people
and get this done.  Medicaid is fraud.
Please just do the right thing and stop trying to stand out for votes .  Everyone can't be leaders some have to follow,.
actually
Why not wait till House passes and  send to Senate then argue about it, I say. That is why  we have two different branch.
Rand, you want publicity! Just do your job!!!!!!!
work with your party
why is rand Paul such a dick?
we want healthcare we can afford
Way to go Rand Paul!  Good job!
Repeal!..Do not replace!..
#repealobamacare now-then work on replace my-our INS clients need relief fro rates up more than 400% cost-use FHAType CC
I don't much care what Conservatives want. They can afford pricey healthcare. We peons, however, need & want #ObamaCare.
I'm a conservative, and I am a hard working American. I work over full time and still #StandWithRand
Except for the people in his state. Check out the statistics. See how many are on public assistance. Liberals ?
what we want is an end to the nonsense.
I perceive him as not being very helpful.  He lost the debate and won't let it go.  They don't like your idea Paul Rand.
Of course, Paul Ryan will presents a DEMOCRAT plan for ins. He is a RINO. Ask him to step down now.
you better shut up if you don't have an answer. What are you was doing all this year. Nothing. Business as usual. That it
all I care about is making this happen fast repeal and replace. This bill should have already been drafted in years past
then have the BACK BONE to REPEAL&REMOVE that PUNISHMENT PENALTY! stand back and watch ACA- OBAMACARE  FALL! then restart
In time when Dems are creating havoc in the country and bully &want to impeach new President, Paul thought why not join.
not what the voters at town hall are chanting.....
Christians will care for the well being of our fellow humans, devil worshippers will say I don't care the can die
you're wrong. Most Christians don't care either.
Rand Paul is out for himself. He is looking for "claims to fame" for next election. No thank you!!!
he's been the most consistent politician there is. A true libertarin
OBAMACARE-LESS is a DISASTER!!
don't want odumycare heavy either
If GOP like parts of OCare so much, they should've fixed years ago instead of making people suffer for political gain.
All Trump wants to do is slightly rewrite everything Obama did that worked, so that he can take credit for it
bcause they don't want Obama to have a lasting legacy. It's about their hate&ego not about what is good for the people
U should not be working 4 Conservatives only. This is the problem w/Congress; only catering to ur base. This must change.
The new healthcare is about coverage & affordability notpolitical party! In contrast Join in don't fight
When Obama began working on ACA he tried to engage Rs, but they ignored him. Now the Rs was to repeal it.
Rs have had 7 years to come up with tweaks or replacement. Nothing. They want to repeal only b/c of Obama.
rand Paul's already has one.
