Thank you. The national debt NEEDS to be reduced. Do Republicans ever talk about reducing Government spending anymore? Sadly not. Only Rand.

Very sensible
Turns out our fake @potus is the one having the hard time LOL Jokes on all you TrumpTards.
That's because you're a #teaparty constitutionalist part of a movement that does not have representation in DC except maybe for @RandPaul
I like the way that sounds. Cut foreign aid and support domestic aid. #AmericaFirst
Especially to countries who don't support our ideals
Please Run in 2020
Cut tax exempt orgs that are anti American. Cut out the duplication and corruption.
As long as you're not taken away from her soldiers that's okay
@TheFloridaGOP
A Great Migration From Puerto Rico Is Set to Transform Orlando, and could very well tilt Florida Towards the Democrats for decades to come.

Thanks Trump!!
No more mulah for the mulla!
UR absolutely right-as you often are-but DC swamp dwellers will bury your idea as "foreign aid" great way 4 them to snitch $ 4 themselves
So back to the Senate Floor to run your mouth and do nothing. Good gig if you can get it.
switch parties and run for president as a libertarian.
Pat on the head for Rand....
Good luck, looks like we'll need money for Miami as well. Sadly, the GOP has lost it's way. American's first, then the rest of the world.
That makes such good sense. You will be labeled a racist for putting Americans first. I agree with you. Good luck.
What a novel idea...tightening the "overseas belt" so we have enough for ourselves!
Maybe like Military Spending? 597 billion USD.
Unlike Drumpf, Rand is truly 'America First'. NO MORE FOREIGN AID TO TERRORISTS LIKE ISRAEL and SAUDI ARABIA please!
I mean, while you're there.
Thank you Senator, a sensible solution for spending American tax $'s.
I couldn't agree more!
If one is here illegally they should not receive welfare be allowed to obtain drivers license vote no assistance from govt entices illegals
Well you are mistaken I know for fact they obtain drivers licenses and welfare here Texas and medicare medi cade border towns in US R broke
How are sharia patrols working out 4you guys in Michigan its disgraceful what is happening to our country most citizens work to much to see
How about going to the floor to stick a fire cracker under someone to investigate, arrest and prosecute people who chant death to cops?
Godspeed and much success
Go Rand!
great idea
Thank you Rand
Sounds like a plan!
@ummmno21 he makes the most sense
St. John, we desperately need your http://help.contact  White House news networks. forgotten here
We are Us citizens.

-Jenn
Yes yes yes
Please retire.
Yes! Socialist defense industry (crony capitalism) sucks!
How about you suggest an end of bills that relate two unrelated things, like disaster relief funding and foreign spending?
Or how about reclaiming funds through our defunct SS program which has over 6 million active fraudulent records?
We need to take care of our own!
Ur one of the dwindling minority of fiscal conservatives
So..Is this climate change or "geoengineering"?
One solution. Also, let's cut funding for ridiculous projects such as 'bridges to nowhere'.
Easy enact legislation that requires police nationwide carry their own self funded  personal liability insurance.... #endpolicebrutality
Thank you for remaining sane in the Washington swamps
Don't add amendments to this important bill
booom!!!  Love to hear common sense budgeting!!! America 1st...and stop DACA!!!
Make Iran give back that hundred forty billion dollars that Obama gave to him and use that to pay for it
Thank you!!!  Overseas cuts are long overdue!!  Americans first!
Hmmmm some White House former Advisor would say that and he's at Breitbart
Sounds like a conversation worth having
just reduce the military budget by lets say usd 100 billion...nobody will notice the difference...
Thanks Rand Paul America needs to spend less time overseas and more time at home
Wouldn't it be smarter to wait till after hurricane Irma makes landfall? Just saying
Why?
About damn time this happens. America First!
Thank you.  America first.
Dont add ANY other legislation to aid! Help without conditions
Build the Wall
Great idea.
MEXICO EARTHQUAKE by HAARP? (FOOTAGE CAUGHT ON CAMERA - 2017) https://youtu.be/m-HnLsZCTXk  via @YouTube
EXCELLENT! Cut UN ESPECIALLY...Get UN TROOPS out of USA! They want our SOVEREIGNTY & $$!
But you voted against the monies to help with the Harvey disaster! !  Can't ALWAYS drag your feet!!!
what happened?? UN climate panel gets US funding - fail
AMERICANS FIRST! @realDonaldTrump
You got this. After that go on the warpath against the globalist fascists like the DNC, Soros, Media Matters, Google, etc. #AntiTrust!
America first charity when we can afford it.
Thank you Senator Paul for truly looking out for Americans.
I don't usu agree with you, but that sounds like a great idea. I say cut most of overseas spending. We are 20T IN DEBT! No $ to give away.
Yessir. Our money is needed at home. I have compassion, but we're working ourselves into the ground. Our neighbors at home, first.
Yes!
As always, sound reasonable proposals. Thanks for continuing to fight the good fight.
Good luck
Way to go Senator Paul !  I like the way you're thinking !!  Thanks for looking out for the American people !!
We got to cut the funds somewhere and that's the perfect place to start.
#Hurricane #Healthcare #TaxReform #EndDACA thats the order of importance. Get it together before you're voted out !
That's how increase expenditures should always be done. Spending on important matters must be couched in a decrease in frivolous spending.
And in other news, did you hear Santa is going buy presents for my kids this year? Pipe dream, Mr. Paul. Get something done.
Do it!
Excellent initiative. Thanks Rand
Thank you for your attention please understand it is a slap in face to nature to prohibit a plant that feeds clothes shelters and medicates.
Cut MEXICO- and DO NOT HOLD THINGS UP - VICTIMS ARE IN NEED
Hotel has jump price $100,s of dollars going south west from Florida. Destin ,orange beach and  panhandle of Florida Please stop the scam.

Thank you Senator Paul, for expressing the views of the majority of the U.S.,  hope our leaders will listen!
CUTS TO SPENDING OVERSEAS CORRECT. PAY 4 AMERICA'S HURRICANE, FIRE DAMAGES, FIX WATER & HIGHWAY INFRASTRUCTURE & ELECTRICAL GRID FIRST.
It is exactly what other nations would do!
Yep
Liked you pointing out the wasteful way money is spent Kenya to learn FBook  that money could be used to pay for hurricane relief instead
Great idea !
We can cut costs by building the wall and ending billions spent yearly on illegal aliens.
We need to cut foreign aid bigly. Big chunks of foreign aid $$ for 3rd world corruptocrats, while we are $19T in debt, is beyond retarded.
Seize the disaster, right? Could've done this a long time ago, but you're a hack who has to wait for sensible ideas to be en vogue.
Give them hell
One these days , using the tragedy of others to hold folks help hostage for personal ambitions may just make them hostile. Tell'em that
You need to be in charge of the books...the money doesn't go where it really needs to go. Come to Orange County, TX. Eye-opener, sir.
You'd better not "McConnell" on US, or you'll be looking for another job too!
Incentivizing the Repatriating of  US $$$$ to US from overseas by cutting the Business Tax rate makes Much More Sense LONG Term.
Liberals are joking saying conservatives should not get government assistance, how about an amen. to allow people to opt out of govt progr.?
Any chance you can go after the 'sacred bull' for some money? 
Here's hoping it gets passed
I trust you Paul. U R the only one I do trust
Not military ok?
The voters don't feel sorry for the GOP or Dems, five weeks off, now everyone wants their way.. not enough time @POTUS can't deal with Mitch
Come on Senator, let's get the funding to FEMA for disaster relief for TX/FL/LA and Audit Houston Mayor... quit the fighting. it's tiring
God Speed Senator it is a big job I will pray for the team to find the right balance for the people.  Barbara Atkins
Rand U are 1 of the very few that actually does your job. I don't always agree but respect you 4 being true 2 yourself & your constituents
I hope y'all start cutting those billions of dollars the U.S send to israel and give it to the citizens of the U.S.
Good luck with that.
How about cuts to military spending?
Use Antiquities Act to Designate All Civil War-Related Monuments as National Monuments https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/use-antiquities-act-designate-all-civil-war-related-monuments-national-monuments …
Get healthcare fixed than we might care about you and the GOP's opinion.
Why are we still giving money to hate us?
Well?  How did it go?
Glad to see you taking care of America
take it from USAID funding George Soros and the Clinton Foundation
What in the heck is going on over there? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is becoming a fake and Phony. @COSProject is now the only way

You're a moron.
That works for me- how bout Afghanistan!
Thank you Rand!  Absolutely. We are going to have millions of Americans who will need help for years. They come FIRST!
I'm sorry for what your country is undergoing, we are praying for your country
Maybe cut the "funding" for the 40+ million ILLEGALS & ANCHOR BABIES we are supporting.  Estimated lifetime cost for 5 million- $2 TRILLION.
Florida is about to be obliterated by Irma. Less spending overseas and less foreign aid, AND get out of Mideast will save $ for disasters.
Now your talking American!
Do we want the world to be more dangerous?
Excellent idea to pay for hurricane spending with cuts to spending overseas
Whatev
We need 99 more with this perspective.  #responsiblegovt
Your the berries! I'm proud your MY representative!
Obama gave loans and grants to Google, Amazon, GE...this stuff needs to stop, if not already.
Yes...yes... yes
pffft. Good luck!

(...there's an Open Bar in Congress... right? Ya know... off to the side out of view of CSPAN cameras... wink) 
Unfortunately, it'll never happen B/C IT MAKES PERFECT SENSE!!!
Sad if not for Hurricanes nobody in Congress would ever thought about it & still hoping it will be a great news. Pathetic Congress
Good cut the fat from the government and Trump wouldn't have to raise the debt ceiling nothing but idiots in WA get rid of Ivanka and Jared
What about wildfire resources for your supporters in the northwest??
Resources won't bring those old growth back--the only thing that can stop these fires.
And we surely appreciate your efforts!
Your on it
Not all heroes wear capes. But knowing who the real heroes are is the problem.
Continue to fight my friend.
Where have you been ?
Go for it. Charity begins at home.
How about doing something on repeal/replace Obamacare what's Happened to that come on get with the program people #repealreplace #Obamacare
He's the only one in the senate that created a clean repeal bill to be voted on, but the Republicrats didn't vote for it.
Awesome.
Love it!!
I wish you were in charge
Good!
Support the POTUS
Do the right thing!! Help those people
that's nice of senator thank you
Thank you Senator. That's a great idea.
#AmericaFirst
How about paying for them through private insurance? You know... voluntary contracts!
#AMERICA FIRST NOT ISRAEL.. STOP SENDING MONEY

I'll support that.
@newtgingrich @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @GovMikeHuckabee #AmericaFirst #PJNET   Do something regarding this 
#Texas Just Got Even Worse #News After Seeing #Muslim #Terrorist Sarsour Stole From #Hurricane Victims In Disgusting Scheme - ... 
Remember; DefundPP, DefundUN,  DefundDACA, Defund Mexuci Fundings #AmericaFirst #PJNET

The U.N. is nothing more than a front for the forces of Marxism. Enough is enough. Enlist at http://USFREEDOMARMY.COM . #Constitution #USFA https://twitter.com/Erniemorris1224/status/816029965581828096 …
Well done
Thank you
Bring our troops home
Good job! Got my vote!
Your the only one thinking ahead on what to cut to pay for it, the other don't give a dam
Yes! Redirect some foreign aid for America First initiatives! He world would understand! @realPolitiDiva @NotElizabeth88 @LoriWill213
Senator Paul,the welfare recipients in my county accomplish more than you !
what cuts? foreign aid? military bloat? Israel? Why not cut Congress salary while ur at it?  U only work a 1/4 of a year.  
NOW THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT.Go for it. This makes good sence. Hurricane  victims in US should come first.
