I hope not disaster
great I love this
Thanks for standing up and speaking out against TRUMPCare.Strong work Sen Paul. #Resist #TrumpRussia
of course insurance premiums will go up! It's a business! Capitalism at its finest
Lack of competition and govt interference cause prices toCompetition drives cost
#AHCA opens door for pricing monopolies #reducedCARE #unaffordable
How so?
price 'fixing' will skyrocket costs for pre-existing conditions & elderly, no more insurance pooling, just rejection or increases
I am with u
VOTE NO TO HEALTH CARE BILL
why don't you amend the bill in the Senate instead of crying! Put on your big boy pants!
I stand w u Rand !! Praying @POTUS leans conservative on this matter get Gov out of healthcare
you don't like anything that isn't your own personal idea. Time to get out of the sandbox Rand.
.@ThisWeekABC @RandPaul @GStephanopoulos We need to repeal, not repeal and replace with an almost identical bill.
Rand, you are doing a great service for America. Thank you!
It's still the ACA, just change a little bit
Fix the bill and get it passed!!  Ocare is killing us!!!!
So Great. Thank you Rand for standing your ground for freedom for us.
bill’s positive aspects are outweighed by failure to repeal Obamacare regulations & price controls
keep on it Rand.  We're with you
medical billing grossly inflated.  Each carrier pays differently.
@realDonaldTrump Stop your pissy whining trying to get famous don't fight #yourOwnParty
Please keep working for older citizens, insurance.
while your constituents struggle they pay your insurance bills 100%
Nice to C #PaulLite on #fakenews creating Dem talking points. Can't work with @POTUS or @GOP useless
Senator Paul, PLEASE DO THE JOB OF THE @FBI AND MAKE SURE THE LEAKER OF US CLASSIFIED INTEL ARE FND
I want a total Repeal!  Then replace!
my doc  bill of 2,000 inflated.  Ins accepted amt 1,000.  My deduct 7000.
This bill makes perfect sense and has a lot of promise to lower health insurance costs.
Thank You, keep fighting for Americans. We are 100% behind @RandPaul
RAND PAUL ON STEPHANOPOULOS - WHAT MORE NEED WE KNOW - YOU ARE A SKUNK AT A GARDEN PARTY
Ryancare bill screwjob 2benefit ins co. Abomination Trump liar if this passes
#FullRepeal!!!
Is Congress willing to live with what THEY mandate for WE the PEOPLE? If not..
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP
What is your and the Senates plan?@GStephanopoulos
if somehow it does pass the republicans will be n trouble nxt election. Rands bill is much better
Only an idiot would demean an American hero!No matter what, shut up about McCain. Agree?
It'll pass because the GOP is weak and refuse to stand up to Trump.
make it happen randpaul ! Then move on to tax reform . Stop calling it Oboma light
#StandWithRand
Rand Paul is just a rino.
Paul's strict  on #healthcare but ok with corporate welfare visa programs that lower wages. @GOP
Thank you for bringing common sense to Congress.  Don't stop.
WATCH the daily suffering of your people who pays the price of your action and delaying tactics.
Rand, don't let DJT snow you! He's cozying up to you to pass this monstrosity. Be strong for US.
The current electorates are now suffering under the OBAMACARE if R.PAUL wont give up his contention.
#standwithRand
are you also a TRAITOR to the American people like obama was?> SURELY NOT! if not then STOP ACTING LIKE IT AND HELP US PLEASE!
look at you right here. telling G stephanopoulos of ALL PEOPLE one of the Clinton bunch of devils how joyous you are that you stop our help
I always think WHAT IS WRONG WITH THAT GUY!.. don't you see what JOY You are giving our enemies who could care less what obama did to us?
are you truly SO SELF CENTERED  that you are going to destroy this chance we have WAITED for so long. Are you going to HELP democrats?
We can't take this crap you are doing to us. YOU ARE SUPPOSED TO HELP our President NOT HELP THE DEMS KEEP HURTING MILLIONS OF US!
PLEASE SIR I am BEGGING You. We are seniors out here who obama stole all of our life savings and now our premiums are 3 times the house pmnt
YOU Never learn anything from the evil democrats who FORCE their evil on us because they are IN LOCKSTEP! you are using this for YOU!
@SpeakerRyan why not have a meeting with all Republicans and hash out a deal in which everyone supports otherwise your spinning your wheels.
We want you to PLEASE stop standing in the way of the fix. It won't be perfect we do not care. We want obama care Gone. IT DESTROYED US!
PLEASE can't you see that you are making a name for yourself at the expense of us out here who have lost everything because of obamacare!?
@SpeakerRyan Republican party must change and act as a team. We don't wish to make the same,mistake as the,Democrats.  Correct @RandPaul ?
Nor can he even acknowledge what is and isn't part of reality. Thsts the first and biggest problem
The "master" negotiator? He can't even get people in his own country to unify behind a single idea.
Thank GOD
also start civilian service  - free medical college for 5 years of low income service and vital R&D
Let the negotiations finish and be part of the process not just a naysayer!
Finally @RandPaul gets to the real point that these leakers need to be thrown in jail. #ObamaLeakers
up Medicaid to $20k w/ copay after and lower Medicare to 55 biased on income - the rest free market
Don't cave RYANCARE is gift to the insurance co.Their sinister method to profit X  the sick the old
Hey OPT OUT of the Ins fiasco by joining NON Profit http://www.HealthShareAlliance.com  Choose any doc/hospital
what a crock. Why be interviewed by a clinton operative.
Don't cave.Promote the general welfare for all not just the healthy and the group employer employee
Stephanop....is heavily biased. He's not news...lets be clear about that. Go back to Clintons.
Does Paul really believe UHC would not have offered an  <65 AARP plan if it were profitable? NOT
News people aren't fin analysts. They don't understand total cost. Prem+Ded+copay-tax cred w/+ choic
Senator Rand Paul dodged the question whether Obama wire tapped Trump!#Dodged!
how the hell would he know??
pls stick to your guns. This bill, as it stands, is not good for you electorate.
Quite the party shill you've become, Randy. Passing out trumps book to learn from "the master"?
Why don't you reach across the aisle & work with Democrats on a #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll healthcare system? Republicans would be heroes.
it allows only wealthy to be well!
we need healthcare; NOT an ability to shop for it! It doesn't drive down costs!
dont u shop around for the best deals and lowest costs??
they should have the same healthcare options as every other American. Nothing special.
I don't like this guy, but I thought he was honest, but he just undid That
Learn from the master?
@realDonaldTrump is the Master Of Bankruptcies & NOT Paying His Debts to Ppl @RandPaul @ThisWeekABC @GStephanopoulos
2 NYers DT is a used car salesman. Noone EVER called him a good businessman.
Sour grapes
My prediction is the deal maker will add a GOOD manager's amendment to pass the house thanks to @RandPaul
, How will these changes affect military retired Tricare Prime and Tricare for Life costs?
Do No Harm....UNLESS you're Dr @RandPaul
In that case, Protect Insurance Companies & their Profits & Screw Ppl @ThisWeekABC @GStephanopoulos
please tell the American people what is congress senate pres admin healthcare & the cost they pay.
maybe private citizens shldnt be monitored at ALL! Create filters-u kno u can, but choose not 2
ppl with med ins cover ppl w/ out and always will, anyone can go to ER & get care anytime anywhere
what plan is Congress getting? I'm sure being paid with tax dollars again answer that Mr. Paul
Ppl who "repeat after me" Republicans' attack on Obamacare are FOOLED by GOP manipulation of FACTS ! @ThisWeekABC @RandPaul @GStephanopoulos
wow only way any socialist med plan will work is to tax EVERYONE 40% Obum plan failed
#Trumps plan won't work in states like #Illinois who has no budget but #ACA needs #Tweaking
don't want REPLACE
Want what promised for yrs
REPEAL ACA outright
Let INS operate across St lines
too complicated, not gonna happen and that's y it's not in the bill
im with you on this Rand
Rand I'm your boy. Rand 2020, but for Pete sakes don't ever wear that suit again. Oxfords + Suit = 
no one has a clue I work for a #FQHC which will be affected and our Patient Care Services #Clueless
I certainly  hope not. 
Senator Paul is a great spokesman as to why it shouldn't.
Repeal #obamacare don't replace it with #rinocare!
don't REPLACE at all
Open market's ACROSS STATE LINES
Then Fed GOV out of HEALTH CARE BIS
disappointed to see POTUS supporting when it is not what was promised.  Want the #RandPaulHC Bill
please at least include an amendment so medi-share users do not get penalized.
Hope not the POTUS needs to go with Senator Paul Healthcare Plan it is the best
He's really playing to Trump's ego, too. Hope it works.
Trump gets this pandering of Ryan and the rest-be forewarned-you have obviously never been a salesman-keep enemies close
I totally get what he's doing. Trump's language is thru his ego.
Sure hope not, should be using your bill!!!!!
you might want 2B careful Senator lest you leave us with the ACA and no alt. proposal is passed.
had the democrats allowed bipartisan bill creation we wouldn't b here talking about health care 2day
THANK YOU, Rand Paul
Will you get from in front of the TV cameras and get to work Rand
. I don't think this healthcare will pass and i don't think it should.
sitting here sick of listening to yhis crap.same old same old stories. GET YJE HELL OUT OF OUR HEALT
Health. We the people only knows wjat ate health is. We can manage our health outself
His plan may have some logic, why not let large pops like AARP or others be a group?
the @HouseGOP refuses to uphold the promise they made for 7 years.
whatever! Watch it pass! They are all full of 
Good. It's garbage. Know you're a libertarian, Rand, but Single Payer still makes the most $ sense.
& @GStephanopoulos shld bcome legislatures in SKorea where they punch each othr in the face-maybe that'll #WakeThemUp
congrats. You've gotten Rand Paul to say something that makes me see him as a little less useless.
only because they found out their voters needed healthcare also. How foolish could they be?
had GOP worked with Obama this issue would've been resolved 8yrs ago!
well said!! #factsmatter #fact
there with Mitch McConnel
how ur still in office is amazing to me! U have the most hateful temperament I've seen right up
Thanks Nick or Evan. Rand makes excellent points re:insurance co.I want to hear conservatives ideas.
Randy swallows the cheetoh dust hard.
Haha...maybe, but let's hear what the possible cheetoh dust swallower has to say.
He called trump "the master". That says it all. Total shill.
Yeah, I heard that as well.I just giggled.Made me think he was taking a shot @ Trump.
Nah. Randy has a liquid spine. He'd never break from party vows.
for the nations good i hope not
ACA is going down without billions Obama was illegally transferring to insurance companies
your statement is fake news
