Pass a bill you want tro be come law, not one you do not want to become law, just to pass somthing. Voters are not stupid
Past time to take Cheeto out of office!  His meltdown in front of the world goes beyond embarrassing!  Impeach NOW!
We're losing faith in the GOP. Nothing done since Election day! So sad. I just updated my voters registration to "No party".So disappointed
Confidence?  Look what's in the White House.
Health care and SOCIAL services suffer here bc THE RICH control everything! Time's coming when WE THE PPL will change that.
Talk is cheap,it's seems to me you are failing the America people who are paying for your health care.maybe u should lose yours !
You work in big government yet won't acknowledge Nazi terrorist attack in the U.S. Are you sure you're in the right place?
Help. I am getting pelted for questioning Obamacare. I stirred up a hornet's nest. I need a fellow libertarian to make some points.
Health care is not rocket science. Who's ur audience? People who dont work, low wages or emp. doesn't offer. Offer help there. Cut back.....
The French Revolution taught us one thing: We can't let the rich CONTROL OUR LIVES and/Or OUR LIVELIHOODS!
We need self pay. Uhc like austrailia. When u get tired of redoing o care u can talk
That ship has sailed senator.   Try to keep up.
Save us
I don't often agree with Rand Paul but I guess he's right on this
It isn't often I agree with you ran Paul but this time I do
PLEASE FINALLY GET IT DONE!
Please explain what has been going on for the last 7 years. No real plan to fix ACA. Seems like all talk, no action
Just get to work for God sakes
You can't fix healthcare as long as the insurance companies can pay politicians through donations to support their glutinous profits.
Perhaps, but Trump seems to always be correct, not usually seen for several days afterwards, but his gut is usually right. I love our Pres!
Let's join together to repair what we have oppose criticizing it. You are a doctor, however, you do not have a clue about healthcare.
Clearly lost your phone or forgotten your password last few days
authority for such a thing, don't you Rand? Let the States deal with it. But Hell, JEHOVAH'S gonna shut the whole thing down soon anyway.
How about coming out against racist terrorist attack that occurred on Saturday? Or afraid to upset your "White Lives Matter" supporters?
Here's who's REALLY TO BLAME for the #Charlottesville Massacre! Paid by #Soros Hosted by #Mayor #Murder #StopDemocratViolence #BLM #Antifa
Learn what goes into that $70/bag. My wage, experience, expertise, etc when I treat u. Along with continuing education that benefits you.
Your silence on Nazis, racism, white supremacists and kkk is deafening ...and despicable.
Thanks for trying to get us all back on track Senator.  If only we had more adults in congress.
And it's NOT what you, tRUMP and his OTHER cronies in D.C. have been brewing! In ur way out, dude!
it's impossible because the left wants to destroy the past
You had your chance to start, so just shut up
Thank you for staying focused, sir.  It is what I absolutely LOVE about you.
You opinion? If tort reform would save trillions, are lobbyists, lawyers, special interests more important than American people?
Impeach
Trump, unfortunately, is the face of the Republican party. The party will own his racist stance.
Ur right
Rand you need to be quiet about health care. I am disappointed with you and the entire Republican Party. You should have had a bill ready
When will you denounce this presidents remarks about Nazi Terrorists being innocent?
This fool still on his healthcare shenanigans.. no nothing big is happening..
A good way to start is calling it healthcare insurance and no healthcare
And the radical left bought by Soros continues to transform our nation  
Don't let it happen
Repeal. The only "fix"
Is that seriously all you're going to say?!?
Repeal ACA then we can talk about what to do next.  I would like to see the government out of my life.
RECALL CDC Prescribing guidelines that are Preventing Accces to medication for legitimate patients.
you should run for senate majority leader:    trump will support you:  but do not talk about eliminating the fed
I want to see people pay for what they need and let the market forces work to lower pricing.  Uniform cross country health care requirements
Only way to fix healthcare is REPEAL.Its unconstitutional for government to force a product on us.Also can't force someone to pay for others
Yeah killing 42 mil. Giving wealthy tax break on lives of 42+ mil citizens. Killing Medicaid. 
Dump Trump Pence Paul Ryan McConnell Kushner
Then fund the ACA, a decade old PROMISE means nothing, times change and this is what WE want, really don't care what YOU want
Control healthcare control the people - Saul alinsky
If term life grants $350k when you die @$30/mo, why can't we convert that to say $50/mo for $350k of coverage while alive for the same term?
Cat got your tongue?

#racism
no health insurance affordable to the poor
they have to be grateful to charity
like the great doctor is bestowing on them
ty POS
Yes, we'll need good health care for the coming civil war.
Take insurance companies out of the picture for the lowest 30% income bracket direct pay to providers and it'll cut 40% of the 30%
Take out insurance companies all together and savings will be overwhelming. Should have learnt with mandatory car insurance
A new conversation. Will this take another couple of years?
Keep up the good fight #RandPaul
#StandWithRand
For the last time, Then get it done! Seven years I've been listening to GOP crap! Make yourself useful and senate people get off ur A_ _!
Rand Paul you are under the impression you said something by using big empty words. meaning you have no plan or direction for America.
what made us a great country had nothing to do with healthcare.  Keep the government out of our healthcare!
Game is light years ahead of your parties. This is going to be the most useless four years in Washington probably ever.
Healthcare. With all due you have a boss that can't even handle a press conference right now. Democrats smell blood and their propaganda
We need your leadership to fix it Senator Paul...
Hey Rand, I guess you're off the hook for not condemning the Nazi rally this Sat, your Fuhrer admitted he's a RACIST
Here's how to fix health care Rand: Declare Ocare as Medicaid 2.0. Then allow ins. cos. to sell catastrophic plans to the healthy
What made us "united we stand, divided we fall" can be applied to Universal HC.
REPLACE CONGRESS that will not support Trump's efforts/Americans voted him in to do!
You've had 7 years.  I'm tired of hearing you and the other  republicrats make excuses.  Get the shit done already.
You need the facts to fix healthcare.
I voted for Rand Paul in the primaries and will do so again in the next coming election.  Rand Paul is someone we can trust.
Senator Paul as a former Kentuckian, we need to get rid of the 60 vote rule for legislation, it has been a disaster.
Commerce law of 1931 will give the power back to the people instead of government for health insurance.
It's time to join the rest of the industrial nations & provide universal healthcare to all Americans. Medicare for all.
Sorry, here is the fix we need Republicans to unite & understand that Dems. will never give an inch on Repeal of Obama Care.
Rand, in every aspect of life we grow by applying what has historically proven to work and ditching what has not, but in politics.
#Rand Paul has a good plan for HC. GOP not listening!
From a guy with KY blood, appreciate you trying to keep the faith alive. Some days I wonder if we can get back to the constitution.
Your ideas seem correct but they do not appeal to a sufficient number of people to make them reality. Time to do something.
Eliminate insurance companies. Problem solved
A strong and long gone middle-class. That's what made you strong.
Focus on the nation's emergency Mr Paul. THe insane President that is running loose destroying America.
Congress has not done anything to stop the wars this century. Kent State taught us we cannot stop the warmongers.
Any health care "fix" should be the business of each state, NOT THE FEDS. Regulate health care providers, not patients!
Legislate some part of the Presidents agenda or go back to being a high paid Dr. Let someone have your seat that can get it done. Enough !
Fix or get rid of healthcare that is the question .
Fixing the ACA would be a good place to start. The GOP had 7 years to do it. Why not fix it?
Get together with Dr Price and fix this healthcare mess it is not that complicated. GET it Done!
It's very complicate Rafael.
I know but it is great to receive a fresh intelligent feedback. I thank you.
Agreed - the people need to get a job and go to work where the employer pays part of the health insurance premium or shop & buy your own !
Yeah that ship sailed. Best to just brace for whatever the Dems shove down our throats next.
@RandPaul wants to cut healthcare for millions. Any BS he tries to pull won't be believed by anyone but a few of his braindead disciples.
Rand Paul "wows" readership of local Louisville KY newspaper by describing implicational relationships between intangible objects.
Same clueless @RandPaul, different day.
Fix healthcare - eating healthy, avoid unhealthy vices, get a job that subsidizes private insurance, individual responsibility.
Only public medicare 4 all  works. We in Canada totally  it. We would never go back to private enterprise. Half the cost, better outcomes.
You can't just repeal, first you have to have a plan for all. Pharma is out of control & who owns med-diagnostic facilities? Doctors? Hello!
You wanted to take away health care without a viable replacement for all Americans.  That's really bad Rand.. worst than your father!
Your all exempt that is why it's not fixed
It wast people like you who built American that's for sure
No one believes you anymore.
Agree with most of your positions, yet, the situation calls for more giving than standing. Urge you to accommodate yourself on this issue.
You have been told to shut up #TrashyTrump's lapdog! You don't get it. Just like many insults by Trump but you keep going back to lick him.
Is health care a right?
Unbelievable how the Dems can come together to block @GOP and all we can see is a bunch ideologs who can't get anything done!
All submit to common authority of Deep-State Fifth-Column, to defeat USA.
Less career politicians, who do nothing, like yourself.
It wasn't libertarianism
lol Rand is the reason we are where we are . He pulled an obama and said it's my way or the highway and we are all on the highway!!!
Well unfortunately the Republicans no longer believe in market forces or capitalism.
You're correct. (R)Party was infiltrated by anti-America subversive like (D)party earlier. BOTH submitted to authority of Deep-State gov.
What are you trying to say?
In order to fix healthcare the law makers should be subject to it.
Please run for pres.
Your voice your actions exemplify how to put our nation first The violence and hate on the left make America look like 3rd world country
How noble, start by defending  and supporting our democracy.  Our freedom is disintegrating.  Be bold, speak truth.
If we want to fix healthcare we need to get rid of the GOP, they seem to think good healthcare should be reserved for the few elites
Socialize healthcare provides 'good care' for ONLY the elites. 
Don't drink the propaganda Kool-Aid.
Market-based economy for healthcare.
.............then you better get at it because your job too could be on the line. Have to rid government of THE ESTABLISHMENT!
Dafuk is 'sufficient confidence?'
and it wasn't the Republicans
The left is doing a damn good job of taking the focus off of what is important
If we want to fix health care....The Senate needs to get off their dead asses and get to work like they promised.
Everyone forgot about healthcare because of 300 idiots with candles got out of hand when cameras and a rival gang of idiots showed up.
'Distractions' are standard political protocol. 
That's the time its wise to quickly 'get situational awareness.'
Its a major cause of wars.
Well stated. We could use that eloquent equation on many issues confronting our great country. Thanks
Seems like POTUS did fine without your advice. Now if only Congress would do what they promised and get proper healthcare for ALL!
Congress is absolutely nothing but a bunch of hot airbags. When its all said and done nothing will get fixed.
Hollow words
Uphill battle. Canada has better healthcare then this country. @GOP have no answers but 7 years of wasting tax payers money.
Socialized medical healthcare is deception (for all but elite class).
Socialism is satanic. 
Return to market-based economies as before.
Healthcare has turned into business which is so corrupt regardless the views no one will fix it until the system breaks.
Yes, correct. Corporatism mob usurped private healthcare practices.
Its thoroughly corrupt; But don't expect GOVERNMENT to make it well.
there is a leadership vacuum at top and your party is now being associated with Nazis. Good luck getting anything done
How about talking about govt waste, political corruption, lobbyist, campaign finance reform, swamp . http://Opensecrets.com 
First its necessary to KILL that serpent Deep-State Fifth-Column subversive secret gov controlling "everything."  Situational Awareness.
People speaking truth and being involved is the way to kill the deep state. The govt still belongs to we the people our vote still counts.
Okay Rand, how about people who are totally disabled, unable to work? How is denying them medical care part of what made us great?
FREE MARKET!!   R E P E A L   IT !!!!
If the will was to fix health care it would be done already. It's August 15th!
I think we should require Congress to for1year to vet immigrants in this country in your houses! On your fine dime!
Yo Dude...A strong middle class and is what made America strong. The strong should help support the weak. The rich keeps getting richer...
Just shut up. We cant hear your BS anymore.
FIX IT THEN ASAP...WE ARE SUFFERING BECAUSE OF ALL OF YOU IN WASHINGTON. Y'ALL NEED TO BE ON THIS CRAPPY HEALTHCARE THEN YOU WOULD CHANGE IT
Your president's agenda is toast. The legacy of your president is that of a small, pathetic man tweeting and spewing hatred and division.
As long as that confidence isn't based on Libertarianism and unregulated capitalism, then I'm with ya, man!
please back this president. We voted for his agenda bc we want it done! Reps get it together and get behind this pres!
- local clinics that do regular check ups for $25 and recommend if more serious help people - across state line tort
You have no credibility.
Ur 1 of the only sane voices out there, ty for ur service!
Yes and America had the best health care in the world when it was provided by the free market. Healthcare is reserved to the states n people
Obama Care at its finest. 
Individuals get screwed AGAIN! 
My plan for ME alone, goes from 980.00 to 1,127.00 a MONTH starting November 2017
You've had 7 years to work on repeal and replace,  and nothing,  the only way is working to replace the dead weight in the spineless Senate
MY 20 YR STUDY YIEDED A DISCOVERY THAT CAN SLASH HEALTHCARE COSTS $500 BIL. / YR. & MEDICAID BY $90 BIL. / YR. NO ONE IN DC IS LISTENING!
Any thoughts about the Nazi march last weekend?
Then get something done and passed in the senate and stop being an obstructionist
Give us the same healthcare that we pay for ypu. Should be easy.
There would be change if Congress FORCED to abide by same laws they FORCE upon citizens.   :-)
But they're Royals, Elite-class. (illegal)
Spoiler: It was our courage to allow poor people to die needlessly in exchange for low taxes on the rich the name of "freedom."
I have confidence in the US Constitution, which does not give such power to the federal government. Repeal, then let the States decide.
Are you addressing any of the issues in your state regarding our national monuments? And if not why not?
That's a nice slogan.
The only way for the American People to have confidence again in government is the removal of the current President and his Administration.
True, however confidence in the US low currently given the total lack of any confidence in its leadership. Being kind.
Are we still oblivious to Deep-State Fifth-Column New-Nazi secret government controlling everyone, everything, US wars, policies.  Awareness
How about ONE IDEA!!!!!?????
No one wants to hear you anymore or Your plan. Get to work, bring in SMART people on subject & get Ocare GONE now
Racist
Good so stop taking our taxes to pay for your healthcare
Stop giving party its to congress and INS conpanys. Get Gov out of INS
10 percent approval rating. Do nothing Congress. Seems like the elected officials are bringing the country down.
40 dollars per month per person. No insurance or drug companies. Government controlled program. Problem solved everyone has the same health
Your president is burning this country to the ground
I AM too busy vacationing with my millions cutesy of the insurance companies
no, not me
that's ron pol saying
That statement makes no sense. Did u just feel like using a version of "make America great again" ? Trump already used that to death
Let the government sell a low rate policy and let the free market compete with it. That will drive prices down and help everyone
Lawmakers?hey?pmsl
Ya da ya da ya da getting ready for the return of empty promises
Obamacare Full Repeal! Socialism doesn't work Capitalism and free market does!
Repeal this democrat mess
Wht made us great country was the European ingenuity. What's make in us a 3rd world country is th out of control cronyism & socialist mo...
Confidence is low, morale is low. Chaos keeps churning in WH and he will never stop because that is who he is. Extremism is not helping.
No we don't we need a better Congress one that stands for the people and the constitution... health care is not there so it can wait
Time for revolt
Sen. Paul, you need to prove to the people you have there best interest first. Replacing with something worse is not the best interest.
America is the greatest marketing scam in the history of the world. Delusion of greatness is the opiate of the masses.
Yup, bought into ungodly Leftist anti-America subversive agenda and 'brought America low" (Obama agenda, his public quote).  You own it.
If you really think this place is what it purports to be you are as naive as they come.
"this place"? Referring to USA"?  Absolutely not.
Its all propaganda placating snoozing herd-followers chasing the free-stuff  piper.  BS
Yes. Glad we agree.
Our original Constitutional Republic fell long ago to long-term seductive, subversion, progressive overthrow from within.  Lawlessness rules
Ours was "the FIRST self-governance nation in the history of mankind" - unique, yet we fell to seduction (ate the apple), & went whoring.
A Right to Life presumes a right to a modicum of healthcare
US seduced into Socialism as a god: "I'm from the gov & can fix everything efficiently, for free."  Toxic propaganda Kook-Aid.
Get Gov out!
ok, then get gov out of funding libraries, building roads, equipping police and military, and let everyone become road kill
Take that to its logical conclusion: abandon all government?
No, Gov's 'basic' duty is PROTECTING citizens & property.
Not our mummy.
Understand the essence of 'government' is the application of "FORCE"
Make mine 'lite', please.   :-)
Noted. Food for thought: if the men and women who fight to save democracy deserved health care, why not those who support them & democracy?
"the men and women who fight to save democracy" - Do you refer to US military?  If so that's not FREE, its 'earned compensation,' as yours.
Senator Rand Paul should tell Kim Jung Un, nicely, 2 stop threatening the US. with Nuclear weapon. Let's how accommodating he'll be. COWARD!
Yes freedom and capitalism.
