Ditch Mitch !!
Except that most of these regulations protect consumers workers and the environment
You are a good man, can we get Hillary in jail or is she above federal law?
You can do that by repealing Obamacare.  Oh wait, the senate couldn't make that one simple task happen! After 7 years of prep.
Rand 2024
He was my choice 2016.  I stand with Rand.
GOVERNMENT IS A BIG MONOPOLY AND DON'T WANT COMPETITION.
I'm not concerned about it. Most of it's for public safety and to prevent price-gouging and worker exploitation. You're a sell-out creep.
Agree 100% Senator & I have no doubt that POTUS would agree as well! Talk to him about it!! Get a bill going!!! 
Yes I can see the local McDonalds complaining about regulations. Nothing says healthy as a fingernail in our Big Mac
Mcdonalds is evil so it is protected. Probably kills more Americans than tobacoo, the silent killer. Fake nutrition

provide a safe work environment. If these goons would leave me alone, I would be able to hire, raise salaries and promote my business.
History show business owners with no regs abuse the environment and employees
As a small business owner, I agree. Fees from licencing and regulations are draining our business. Not sure if it's worth it.
AMEN!!!
If this man wants government out of the way, why is he always running for reelection.?
I don't like Rand Paul 99% of the time this is part of 1%
Mr Paul you are the problem sometime let your mouth rest for a day
Unfortunately you are the Government and standing in the way.  Please back off so that we don't lose the house and possibly the Senate.
When private industry police itself someone you know will suffer from Deregulation
Why the phobia of regulations? They set standards on which to compete, and protect everyone involved (consumer & business).
have free rein, we'd be able to prosper.
month in my shoes. I know it will pay off in the end because we (my wife and I) are determined and proud. If criminals weren't allowed to
and my strong desire for I keep me going. I know the goons that straddle me with burdensome financial regulations and codes wouldn't last a
Please, please, please get the DOR, LNI, ESD and IRS off my back and my small business would double in size in less than a year. I already
Government bureaucracy is annoying, but good regulation = accountability.
Amen, we should be able to read and understand what our dollars are doing
It is the government's responsibility to set society's rules and regulations and when necessary make adjustments wherever and whenever .
So I Guess You were Ok with the killing in Virginia & the HATE! Small Business can wait...
I'm traveling across the U.S. as we speak.  All I see are roads being fixed and people with jobs.  People are getting along too.  #MAGA
Smaller gov is the answer to more jobs & more stable economy
I am so fed up with the regulations and burden, we look forward to the day that we'll shut it down and walk away. Only my great customers
Instead we are burdened with government tax collecting, calculating and payment activities that makes business a constant struggle.
Let's start with getting govt out of healthcare.  http://Changehealth.today  explains how.  You interested? #listentodoctors
Yes, which means you. You have done nothing but grand stand. Nothing getting done except more money in your pocket. How much we pay you?
Freeeeeeeedom!
Great statement but if you would have supported the President from the beginning all of this concerns would have been resolved, you think?
Biggest threat to Small Business is control of the internet by others who can switch them on or off at will.
What's Rand ever done for his constituents or the American people during his time public office - except shine the spotlight on himself?
What if they take advantage and pay people below a living wage or pollute our environment?
Start with the elimination of ESTIMATED taxes- the #1 killer of small businesses.
#KY can start by replacing @SenateMajLdr he's always in way of small businesses.  
Sept return @GOP needs to make serious changes in Sen/HOR
Billy u make make Rand co e to his senses?!
*come
I hear that!
It's just Plain Old Fascism , All Private Business's ! All Under Government Regulations!!
I agree. Let's start with the ELD Mandate in trucking.
Over regulation. Give us specific examples NOT SPIN.
You represent the "I need healthcare capital of america. "  Take care of those voters. Please.
Our senators working hard to make us all think they are getting stuff done after big failure
Not if it hurts the environment Senator!
Talking to real citizens is the best way to affirm real expectations of the public and they want the shackles off!
Amen. @RandPaul for Senate Majority Leader
Hallelujah to that!
#StandWithRand
Universal healthcare would relieve them of a great burden and expense.
To a point...but if your small biz can't make it without trashing the environment and paying a living wage...you shouldn't be in business.
This info is fraudulent.
How about you cite one specific "overregulation." Most regulations are laws put in place for consumer protection. Stop with BS rhetoric.
Many people, how many 5???
Over regulation and the frustration that comes with it drove me to shut our company down after 42 years.
How much money do you get from corporations/businesses? I'm betting your profiting!  I bet Insurance is also paying you!  Corrupt!
Tow truck driver just charged us 300% more (than average) for a tow.  People like you would say that's my business they are stealing!
I was counting on you to get rid of Obamacare.  You failed , GOP failed    all GOP going to suffer in next election- then what ??
Can u articulate these regulations or are you creating a bogeyman to advance your agenda of aiding only the rich? It's the latter, amiright?
Same ol' tired talking point u been pushing for years. And now with a Majority congress and a WH doofus with a pen......
I wrote your name in last elect. I will do it again. P;ease consider primary. Dems are now Socialist Dems. / Trump is something else. Do it!
Much of the govt that is "in the way" of small biz is state and local
And what did you do about it in your past tenure-0 nada nothing. Only Trump-dont forget- Marion.
Actual citizens want the opportunity to tell their senator that we don't want the Kochs & Oil lobbyists dictating EPA reg #KochBoy #townhall
Hey Rand how about talking to actual CITIZENS about how we feel about our environmental and consumer protections. DO YOU JOB! #townhallNOW
Rand, for the most part I agree with what you stand for,however, are you just figuring out govt is the problem? Senate can't fix ACA.
I've run a small business with employees for 30 years. Govt. regulation is the least of my worries. I think it's a hand that's over played.
Those that complain the most also seem to benefit the most. Government contractors and others who engage in professions with public costs.
Amen Sir.
Like, let's START by regulating BIG BUSINESS and START by FORCING them to PAY THEIR FAIR SHARE OF TAXES! Enough with fake statements! ACT!!!
Senator you are one of a few who understand that govt interfering with peoples lives is not the answer, less regulation and less taxes is
How about making sales tax nexus less onerous for online business owners?
And how about we START regulating BIG corporations so they AGAIN work FOR America's good and NOT JUST THE RICHwhiteMEN!
Putin is taking care of our Big Government and Trump is praising him! Thanks GOP for letting Russia run the US.
Cut their taxes
oh yeah, don't mess with their medicare
Senator we all know this but every time we turn around there are more rules.
What regulations are they concerned with?
I wish we had meetings like this with OUR representatives.
Pay to play, takes money to make money
We know this was not your fault,  but can you please get back to work on a solution instead of campaigning
we need more regulation on the larger businesses
Senator Rand, I applaud efforts to remove unnecessary regulations, however some are necessary for a safe, and equitable society.
I'm concerned about the broken promise to repeal and replace.
Get the libs out of the way
Do it! It's a problem on a national level. Stop taking about it. Be about it in all levels! #Tax Reform
Its a great thought.
Senator Paul please vote yes on the RAISE Act.
Most people are an illness away from bankruptcy and financial devastation. That's what they worry about.
With rising ACA premiums who in the hell can start a small business?
Amen!!!! Big government sucks!!!
Small Businesses will thrive more now that Donald Trump is in office.
Too bad Senators didn't care more
for Americans before 11/08/2016
What non-sense...regulations are more so for corporations....not on small business unless it has to do with environmental protections. 
Senator Paul, 7 years has passed since Obama Care.  A person could have almost made it thru medical school in that time. Why so long?
Let Em outsource, pay people pennies and poison or precious bluegrass right @RandPaul ??
Sure. I'm certain that's what he wants.
or handicap people shouldn't be guaranteed access...stupid regulations...right @RandPaul
Yes! The discrimination against blind people becoming pilots is an outrage!
Haha, you're either bad at humor or insanely stupid.
I've been accused of being both.
You know what would help small businesses? If everyone had universal, single-payer healthcare.
Didn't help Canada & the system is a Failure. No socialized medicine.
Didn't help CA? Where do you get this info? Canadians feel sorry for us. They have equal access to care regardless of wealth. Do ur research
I've done my research. How long do they wait? Move to Canada, hater. Not on our tax dollars. Get a Job.
They should worry more about the underregulation of large corporations who are the true enemy to small business. Think it through, Rand.
Which "large corporations"?  Complaining about "large corporations" on Twitter, using a smart phone is pretty rich
I'm confused... What's your point?
Are you saying businesses like Walmart haven't been disastrous for mom-n-pop shops and small towns all over America?
Do you prescribe civil disobedience and jury nullification, doctor?
Oh and maybe congress should get out of the way as well
Many people are concerned about underRegulation of big business &the banking industry Lets get them regulated so small business has a chance
The banking industry is one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country.
I kinda liked glass steagall and Dodd frank
Yeah, well should of, could have, but won't. Can't even repeal Obamacare

Yeah they should not be protected by any laws we should just go back to children working overtime for nothing Join Reality & bring the GOP
In real life, many people are concerned about the air and water, about the lack of consumer protections, and about affordable health care
Note he's talking to small business owners. Pretty certain these people can't afford to pay govt taxes for pollution, healthcare, etc.
Most "small" businesses I'm aware of don't run polluting factories and probably don't have enough workers to offer healthcare.
Senator, it's not only government , also, bank try to show the power and foreclose on the builder and developer & other business.
Many other step need to be taken to improve the business to grow and hire more employee instead of destroying them, which bank does!
Are you making another Presidential run again or What 
I thought POTUS was deregulating within his power already.???
And we need to nationalize health insurance, and internet communication before it's too late.
Yes!!  More and more power in the hands of fewer and fewer temporary politicians!!  What could go wrong!?
Isn't this the reason t president has taken all those rules away for small businesses to succeed?
Need you to challenge for the Republican nomination in 2020 #RandPaul2020
I see two retired guys and a man living off the taxpayers
Bullshit.
Typical Ayn Randian bullshit while you continue to tax us for your pal Bibi as he destroys the Palestinian people.
Less gov't means MORE freedom.
Odd you'd be just finding that out...very curious

Well you should have worked harder to get your fellow senators to repeal Obama care.
Nobody worked harder than senator Paul.
Rand Paul has consistently voted against Russian sanctions. Why? He always gives nonsensical reasons.
Because sanctions cause war and war is for losers
Nothing stifles small businesses like big government's over regulations. 
Out of the way to succeed? More like to make it the rigged system it was. Those systems were there to help minorities make it to level play
Is this you explaining why low flow toilets don't work for you?
Rand, if they Don't like  taxes, and they Don't want to Pay for Employee Ins, and they DONT want to pay A living wage-its a BAD BUSINESS
Mitch McConnell can't get jack squat done. I hope KY votes his butt out of the Senate.
Also health care , tax reform.. Go back to work!
We need a balance, Senator. We need smart regulations that protect people/consumers while not holding business back.
@realDonaldTrump Sir try having R. Paul & others like him around u, working for u, change will be positive, progress faster, Plz Sir-try it
Based Rand!
Marvelous hair, Randal. Stunning. And yet another photo of you meeting with white folks in Kentucky.
Ya think?!?!? Also need to get Republicans on Trump agenda, elections are coming...time for new Republican blood willing to get on board!
What regulations are we talking about

To you guys that means deregulate allowing businesses to pollute with impunity, no employer medical coverage, no workplace protections. Sad!
Tax reform
Letting criminals out without bail they can work...robbing small business and get out of jail free again.  Black panther/soros plan WAKE UP!
they need to be able to not help their employees with healthcare and pay sub minimum wage.  How else can they afford to go to trump courses
I hope I never need a "handout" and hope you don't either but it would do you good to find people that do & understand that few are lazy
Based on what I've heard from folks in Kentucky & the US at large, they're much more worried about having health care
Same with health care.   #GETGOVOUT

#ISTANDWITHRAND
Were you making those weird faces there? That's probably what's concerning them.
so where is your bills to do it?  crickets rand crickets..
Ignorance Judy ignorance......
depends on the type of biz and how do we ensure safety and consumer protection without them? Now fix the friggin health care! not repeal!!
Only way to fix health care is full repeal then replace. Bandaids on a chest wound doesn't help the issue
NAH... ACA is not perfect but hardly broken.  It's suffering because GOP is sabotaging it.. NO ALTERNATIVE FACTS HERE PLS.. FIX IT NOW!
Yeah, I'll never comply with a mandate, so go yourself.
LOVELY... HOPE YOU DON'T GET A CHRONIC DISEASE!
Might help if #Google were shoved out of the way, too.
GOP's are silent about how Obama is undermining Trump. Not a single   Privilege Speech to stop the non sense of the Obama Hold Over.
