Put ALL Gov employees on the same plan! We don't want to pay lifetime benefits & your gold Acme plans any longer! Got it? @POTUS @WhiteHouse
Senator, please oppose this ridiculous Saudi Arabian arms deal.  it is a tool for war crimes in Yemen.
Why didn't you Dems stop Obama from shipping millions to Iran secretly in the middle of the night just before leaving the White House? 
Absolutely strange response.  What we call a nonsequitur.  Oh and by the way, it was Iran's money.
No it wasn't! Obama used a decade old reason to give that  to Iran to help destroy the USA! If not, why did he have to sneak it to them? 
Incorrect.
Correct!! Look it up! And don't ask me to do it for you, I don't do other people's homework! 
No, incorrect. I know way more about this than you ever will.  Go #MAGA somewhere else.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO socialized medicine! #UnitedforFreedom!
#FULLREPEAL #UNITEDFORFREEDOM #SMALLGOVERNMENT
Ask them how much to buy them out
Y WOULD U SIDE WITH THE UNDEMOCRATIC GARBAGE ON THE LEFT, AGAINST AG, YOU DONT DESERVE UR SEAT ANY LONGER
Insurance companies and their opaque and phony discount negotiations with hospitals are guilty in health care costs.
Rand, we have stood with you; STAND NOW for WE THE PEOPLE! NO socialized medicine period! #UnitedforFreedom!
Their perspective is never in the interest of the people
#SinglePayer #SinglePayer get rid of the overpaid corrupt insurance co
Solution: Allow all citizens to purchase coverage over state lines. "Free market". Get corrupt government officials out of the way.
why are insurance companies involved with health care? our money we what medicare for all get it? could care less about rich tax cuts wow
Where are all the women when you're discussing women's healthcare? You, sir, are unqualified for this task. #Trumpcare
Third-party free Direct Primary Care needs to be enabled by allowing payment from HSAs.
Yes let's get the insurance companies perspective. Billions in profits but they just can't figure out a way to provide affordable coverage
Paul, please stop budget cuts. NAM Veterans
Here's a hint:  eliminate insurance from healthcare.  That's what the rest of the world does and it works much better than our system.
Why do so many rich people come to the US to get major medical procedures if their care is better?
actually.that's a myth...look up the US rank in health care as far as quality and cost....we are at the bottom
My wife took care of foreigners almost every day that had come here to get better care.
Stand strong for a #FullRepeal Senator. We're counting on you. #UnitedForFreedom.
Can the fed regulate delivery of HC? No-Can the fedprovide HC? No-#FullRepeal #StopEnslavingFutureGenerations
"Will discussing health insurance with the profiteers of health insurance really help?"
And you support trump are that will take ins. coverage from millions!  You are so concerned!
Get politician out of the sector! Full open,competitive(mom&pop business), anti-mono-oligopolic,unrestrictive free markets in the sector !!!
Their perspective? How about from the people's perspective?
AHCA is no better than Obamacare. #FullRepeal for REAL FREE MARKET SOLUTIONS to health care. Government is not Daddy. #UnitedForFreedom
Do you realize you were not voted president? I think you dont. What the hell is your problem, especially w/110deal.
Isn't that like asking the fox the best way to secure the hen house?
Gee, did you forget to show concern for Manchester?  Shows Republicans are MOB BULLIES. THINK OF THEIRSELVES ONLY. CHANGING.
Get Trump prosecuted or you will pay the biggest POLITICAL PRICE. AMERICA IS COMING AFTER ALL OF YOU. LIKE NEVER BEFORE. WAIT FOR IT.
Please. You know the Affordable Care Act worked closely w/ insurance cos. & their input was incorporated; their profits are up. Fix the #ACA
A real Bowling Green tragedy; where people are killed, suffer & go bankrupt as healthcare reform is rewritten by insurance cos. #ACA @wsj
U really think we believe any of u actually care about healthcare?
Never forget the @TheBGmassacre. We stand with them.
Talk to  them about mega plans that could combine health, unemployment, retirement, etc - an answer to welfare state
that's like meeting with Bugsy Siegel to discuss the future of Vegas gambling.  Whack the insurance Mafia
So, let's hear more about you being spied on also. Good to see you were at least talking HC since we pay U to work daily
Keep up the good work Rand!!
Meeting with insurance groups is the way to go get all the insurance companies representatives together let them discuss how to make it work
Tell US more. What's their perspective?
We need some kind of reform.  I spent 3 1/2 hours today trying to confirm a provider to use for radiology.  Senator Paul, we need help now.
It's about time Mr.Paul.We the people support POTUS and his agenda.We want to see Congress back at work.Not a lot days left to get it done.
Hay did you know there was a massacre there # sarcastic
Let me guess. Their perspective is that they don't make enough money.
More profits for them, less insurance for us.  Really Mr. Paul, get a clue.
And I believe this is your perspective sir... -take a read kids @VIMichaelKelly @Bing7789 @WCoastCndn @mmpadellan @BrendaJeanCDN
Wow !!!!! Wow !!! @RandPaul equates healthcare to slavery !?! #wtf
Senator Paul, you need to get healthcare and tax reform moving. Don’t forget to include allowing insurance across state lines.
You guys need to figure this sh!t out
To discuss establishing a free market in healthcare insurance in America?
Charge more, provide less. Done. Now kick them out of Washington then ask Doctors & patients whats needed.
God forbid any of you geniuses actually talk to medical people who deal with these ins contracts on a daily basis.
Of coarse Insirance Companies are the only entities that matter! YOU DONT CARE WHAT CITIZENS OF KENTUCKY WANT!! Boo
God bless, and next should be big pharma. Thank Gillead for lowering the price of hep c meds. But they are still price gouging
Unleash the free market. The only solution.
Huh?
I am happy your getting the facts straight!
Ppl want to see congress on any of the health plans you cram down our throats  Not insert where congress is exempt from it.
Sounds like you are researching. Instead of whinning
#StandWithRand
Call @seanhannity and talk to Dr. Josh Umbehr #greathealthcare #maga
Lots to pray about today.
20yr vet ashamed of @DJT @VP @GOP @FoxNews you pit American against American spread lies support treason You embody all I fought against
Don't get carried away focussing on investment & profits; the REAL bottom line is the #LivesInYouHands, and they MATTER!!
Are you also meeting with voters to hear their concerns? Or just businesses?
We must prevent another bowling green massacre
Who killed Seth Rich? #SethRich
Brilliant... Lets negotiate how much money the middleman gets to steal from Americans.
Sell that medical insurance freely across state lines shall we? Competition the best fix for existing monopoly / oligopolies in the states.
You kinda staying quiet about the arms deal with Saudi Arabia, after being up in arms (pun intended) about it last year for a joint res.
This must be the Bowling Green massacre that kellyanne keeps talking about. 
What a champion! Ten white men sitting around discussing how to prolong our broken, for-profit system and deny care to the poorest Americans
Your forgot a adjective like sheltered, pompous, malcontent, degenerate, deplorable, so on
"From their prospective?" And how much MONEY in YOUR POCKET comes along with "their prospective?
You talk to the insurance companies, but not the people who deserve health insurance.....???? Shameful for all of you in Congress
He doesn't do the cart before the horse strategy!
Help Represent our President with this Health Care! Know you can handle it Senator Rand Paul -You Have BEST Experience in Medical & Politics
How brave, Senator! That's who needs to be in the conversation, corporations with a profit motive for administering/denying care.
Mafia insurance, Dr's need em for malpractice. Dr's pass cost to patients. Patients need em to cover cost of visits/hospitals #ViciousCycle
Are you still looking into who unmasked you? and why? Is there a special prosecutor looking into this?
Have you seen this story Senator?
Awan Brothers: House IT Aides Fear Suspects In Hill Breach Are Blackmailing Members With Their Own Data #TruePundit http://ow.ly/Jckm30bV8yq 
I would've voted for you.
Repeal ALL HC regulations. No more govt / HC industry collusion. That will fix it. Anything else is just a band aid.
