No, if you want to drain it, you must remove money from the political process. Otherwise it's never for the people @RandPaul @BreitbartNews
if you want to drain the swamp get the billionaires out of Washington he filled white house w/cheats liars incomplete idiots!
OUR GOVT. CORRUPT PAST HELP! the real culprit, Saudi Arabia and why they are untouchable;
Absolutely! Please continue to support @POTUS & work with him! Please implement #TermLimits! #DrainTheSwamp
@smartvalueblog @BreitbartNews save America --get a full plank for 2020 now. Flip freaking coins for leadership but join together!
Exactly #TermLimits    You support, yes or no ? @USTermLimits
He was one of our first pledge signers!
Great what has he actually done to make it happen ?
Yes, he is one of the first co-sponsors we have on the bill and is pushing hard for it. He has been on a bit of a crusade for years.
Senator if corporations are people and taxed at 15% should the rest of Americans be taxed at that same rate. Help end this greed.
I thought the best way to #draintheswamp was to hire a bunch of folks from Goldman Sachs like Trump has done #hypocrites #Republicans
Amen!
Umm...no mention of the dozens of Wall Street billionaires Trump has populated his cabinet and Admin with so far?  Seriously, clown?
Or that CitiCorp execs picked Obama's cabinet
Well that might be 1 way, but the BEST way, Senator, is TERM LIMITS, and I think you know it. #draintheswamp #DrainTheDeepState #TermLimits
Think a lot of ppl have to go mccain, Graham , flake to name a few we must vote out
Senator Paul, thank you! Warmed my heart to hear the truth...It's always the money that feeds corruption..Cut off the money to the "Swamp" .
Or you could make corporations pay their taxes. Government needs to be a strong check against corporate greed and indifference.
Abolish income tax.
Federal Value Added Tax!!!! No income tax!!!
VAT is coming for sure.. but they will keep the income tax too...
absolutely correct.
How about in regards to healthcare you show support for #DirectCare like @AtlasMD or @NeuCare
@smartvalueblog @BreitbartNews republicans legislatively castrate their ba**
(Base)
Your health as a senator  should be the same as the people so you want cheat your and the people!!!
Congress shouldn't fund anything directly. Funding should come from the people since it is our money. If we don't fund it it doesn't happen
Then the hookers don't get paid.
How about tax reform and we don't give Washington the money to start with.
My God you've made sense.
@jen_nieves1 @BreitbartNews I'm still pissed at the 2% tax increase in 2013.  I accomplished nothing!!
Yeah how did Susan rice get so rich 50m on salary of 172,000?
The tax cuts can be even better if the healthcare bill gets passed.
unfotunately americans r not smart enough to vote for u or ur dad
How to do it? But we want
thanks 4 being our voice, please run 4 President!
Will never have respect after you shook Al Sharpton's hand. Then pulled away when you figured it was a bad idea.
No you get Al Sharpton to pay his taxes. Not shake his hand.
Think it's time to retire neocons living off donors and political welfare long enough !
Spend money 2 build d wall that protect children fr illegal drugs n other crimes. Someday dwall will generate revenues fr tourists
Senator Paul, please tell that directly to the President face to face and let us know his response!
Corporate tax cut? How about a consumption tax instead of current system? Or flat tax?
Yes; send the money back to the people.
By "the people" he means the top 5% who lobby them right?
Real men also step-up their game when the lights are brightest; where were you during the election??
And cut medical coverage for anyone with pre existing conditions unless of course you are a member of congress.
Amen Brother Rand!!!
And you have to have All of Congress live under the new laws as we do-No Exemptions...
What a logic?
AMEN! U also have to get rid of those Obama employees who are still working in all departments.  Drain the Swamp starting with PAUL RYAN!
Yeah. That's never going to happen. No one in a position of power has ever said, "I would like less money, please."
i stand with rand!
Ermmmmm @POTUS you read this?
Money won't leave politics until it leaves govt.  Don't collect it in the first place.
Amen
mike
Senator is so right 
The most intelligent statement money equals power in Washington DC
You are the best, @RandPaul! #StillRanding #RandIsRight
Ok, you go first. Begin donating two thirds of your income to the small community of Gulf Breeze FL. That should set precedent.
We have a do nothing congress. How can the Presidentfix that?
Thank you Rand Paul for being a true patriot
And get rid of the freeloading! That means Muslims and illegals!
McCarron /Walter act ...why cant Trump cite that..for his 6 nation ban?.case closed
Yes..and it also helps to have term limits..drug testing randomly..dump McCain.and Graham..and Murkowski..
You'd be so much more trustworthy if you didn't use Beitbart to market your ideas.
Are you advocating redistribution of wealth? Tax breaks for the COPORATIONS & THE MILLIONAIRE CLASS or tax breaks for THE REST OF US?
You have great desires that serve the people. You and your father achieved your goal to audit the fed. That a was a giant leap for America~
drop tremendously. We will then have a healthy affordable health care system !!!!! Repeal & Replace
Rand please call for Holistic & Naturopath healing to be covered into health care system, costs will go down & pharmaceuticals prices will
Like the money you take from the Koch bros? Or the money that goes to things for the tax payers? Breitbart is a white supremacist site too
I like this thinking!
"Real Men Cut Taxes”
YES!!!!
But cutting taxes takes money from the poor and gives it to the rich. You are the swamp.
As long as what you say is what you mean???
I don't want it sent back. Just quit spending more than u collect & support @realDonaldTrump he was sent to do a job for us.
Everything else is just a bandage.
and to take away money from Washington you have to change who regulates that currency. End the fed!
"... send it back to the lobbyists."?
Respectfully, Sen. Paul, taxpayers hands are tied as long as Deep State in tact. Drain the swamp and we can elect algae-free reps.
From the hard working makers, to the gov't redistributers, to the takers that our gov't created.
Purchasing votes with taxpayers money !!
One simple plan - Total Budget = <15% of GDP
Amen
For starters,take away their "Special" medical Ins. & retirement plans. Make them have Medicare, Social Security & same insurance options
One of the main reasons we all voted this year was for safer communities yet OUR vote is stomped on by the democrat lib judges making laws
We need a tax cut!
And send the closet financiers home. Get Ryan, esteemed Speaker, O U T.
Hey Kentucky boy from a fellow Kentucky boy, I want you to step up and support the president!
Tax is theft it's a good plan cutting corporate taxes , Madison the fruits of individual  labor is our Property
Rand Paul, you are the swamp.
He knows what he's talking about
Im proud you represent my home state. If you will continue to speak forcefully, and not tone it down. Youll be the potus in 2020.
I really like you, but Breitbart? Ew. Please. Reconsider.
Impoverishing Washington-improverishing the American people does't work-must be WIN-WIN situation!
Cut our taxes. We are sick of the talk, all talk. We want our money in our bank account, not some liberal ass judges sanctuary city.
Let's just start by taking the nukes away from Cheeto Jesus.
I wish the congress will cut the un-necessary spending first.
Shut it all down.......you are in charge, do not bow down to the obstructionists, only gives them power that they shouldn't have.
Amen
Did you tell Trump this on your golf outing??
Yeah rand Paul you tell em. Cut taxes and increase the defecit. #conservative principles be damned
Collapse the fed then you will be doing something ban central banking
Amen, Senator. Godspeed in making this happen.
Could not agree MORE!
Real simple concept - give 99% more $ 2 spend - that creates need to make more 2 buy - that creates jobs - trickle down from 1% is BS.

Do u realize all of u congressmen cost us almost $100M+ yr just in salary - does nt incld perks benies trvl & pnsions. Those cld =$300M+ yr.
DAILY REMINDER:#TaxationIsTheft
Thank you
Yes, but how does one do that? Money is firmly entrenched; so many greedy politicians want the power that the millions bring!  Nothing left!
Real men cut spending.
How much $ did you receive as the co-sponsor of the ISP bill? Disappointed in you.
Taking money out of Washington includes politicians not selling their votes to big business!
Why aren't you the President?
As long as government has power over market forces via regulation; corporations are going to keep buying it while we ride towards serfdom.
Good article, Rand! Thanks for explaining revenue neutral....
Here is wisdom!!
"Real men." Thanks for clearing that up for me.
If you want to #draintheswamp then we need term limits
And replace Obama appointments.  He's still using Democrats Obama put in. Why? He has no clue &hes listening 2 lefty kooks Jared & Princess.
@LinJuanacri4usa but then how would anything get done in Congress?!?
We need a constitutional convention
Why are you speaking with Breitbart
End congressional pensions and health care, and that money transferred to Medicare and Social Security.
@POTUS needs to listen to this man.
republicans create deficits and debt along with market crashes and general economic catastrophe.
SAY IT LOUDER FOR THE PEOPLE IN THE BACK!!!
We need more senators like you! @realDonaldTrump take heed!
2 drain a swamp u don't fill ur cabinet w/ swamp creatures. If u 2 rein in Wall St u don't put them in chrg. @GOP a party of LIARS
Says the man who took money from Koch Brothers, Mine owners, wealth managers & booze lobby. Yeah you really want $ out of Washington...
I AM REALLY LIKING THAT IDEA!!
If only one person in Washington really believed that way ....
Agreed. Also need to quit spending & pissing it away. Send it to working taxpayers; cut out free ride to able bodied not giving up bennies
Damn right. And then you'll have some jackass judge say that it's unconstitutional.
Yes
You're a smart man so please don't promote Breitbart articles.
Now that is the smartest think I've seen you write!!
If you want to drain the swamp, you have to build a wall around DC to keep the lobbyists out, not starve the government of critical funds.
BTDB:  been there/ damn bill / Hated it/ Just a Regular / American/ who PAYS!/  taxes! / oh! my! What a novel / idea! 
How abt first all u millionaires & billionaires congressmen stop taking a salary & pension(s) & bleeding the country dry.
@Potus Is A Real Man & He's Doing All He Can But ..u ppl in Senate & Congress Should be Helping Him instead of being a Butt !
Or #TaxationIsTheft
This whole system is total bullshit. Nothing will ever get done.
Also, you gave to investigate #trumprussia.  #gop #partyovercountry
Don't forget my part...
YES! This is the critical point!! Problem pared with the solution! Good work!
Term limits. No lifetime salary. Same insurance and me do are as we have.
I'll take some!
#AZ #CA #NC #FL #GA #PA #WI #IN #IA #Oh #MI #NY #TX #TN #SC #Mo #VT #MT #CT #MA #UT.
Don't always agree but know Rand is fighting for us.
They can start with cutting 600 billion defense budget in half.
Precisely!
Just #endthefed
AND be prepared for the Alligator attacks as their habitat disappears.
Why can't @SenateGOP have guys like this in leadership?
thank you!  You have such common sense. I wish all of your co-workers were the same. #AbolishTheIRS
Start by defunding NPR. That's the head vampire. Kill him and they all go down.
Great, now every trump loving blaze "bubba" conservative is going to call you a socialist now. Their brain shuts off after the 1st sentence.
Get rid of government in business let capitalism work!
I agree!   ...  I think.
Shrink the reach of government
And why not make a push for term limits? Some of these guys have been on the job far too long!
Sounds right. So why not suggest to POTUS to allow the shut-down. Veto the Resolution. What does HE have to lose? Ryan? McConnell? Drain it
POTUS should pressure $$ McConnell & Ryan to accelerate HIS agenda, not theirs. POTUS should push for 51 votes for Legislation/nominees. NOW
Sure you would end social security and Medicare if you could too 
Abolish the fed
Can we take money away from donald's travel? He seem to be spending way too much.
Nonsense. You must quit appointing billionaires to the cabinet. You must provide government services we need.
> Breitbart 
F O H
O
H
Sen. Paul, is it true that the spending bill will include monies for Planned Parenthood? I was under the impression PP would be defunded?
Have you disconnected your fax?
Says the man who has insurance companies in his back pocket.....
if he had insurance companies in his pocket he'd be rich. He only made money as a doctor in a small town. #Google
Get behind POTUS. Cut taxes, build thd wall, repeal Obama care, unite the Republicans.  They are caving in to the Dems too much
It won't matter until you get rid of the FED.
My feeling on that actually happening.. Ah......... No
I want Trumps 2016 campaign border and  proposals before tax cuts tbh sempai
#BuildTheWall
Repealing Citizens United ruling gets the money out of Washington!!
I keep sending money to @RandPaul but get nothing in return! Obamacare? Tax Reform? Wall? Vets?
GO RAND!
