We want you to explain why you continue to turn a blind eye to obvious collusion?  we want Impeachment now
WTF does that have to do with healthcare?
Treason and Collusion is MORE important than health care. We won't have a United States if #GOP keeps acting treasonously.
If Trump is colluding the every federal agency is in colluding.
The left is clueless. They have no idea what a bot is. 
No, the progressive left tends to research. Most of us know what a bot is.
Apparently, you don't. How can a bot have free will and answer specific questions?
A marketplace? With competing insurers? If only the ACA had something like that...
It was not over state lines. Florida down to one insurer. Others have none.
Yep, that's a problem that should be addressed. There is no federal law preventing insurers from selling over state lines, just state regs
*once again, doctors make terrible politicians!
But first, a REPEAL!  I love DJT but you would have kicked ass with this health care stuff!
This isn't Russia, yet, Rand!  Trump can't pardon himself.
nah we had free market and than people lost there stuff and voted for obama and got obamacare or aca LUL
Does Rand think Schumer has a better bill??? GOP must take 1st step now & let HHS use regs & waivers to fix more. LAST
CHANCE. is now.
Rand Paul is correct.  Insurance companies had a 200% increase in profits under Obamacare, yet our life expectancy has declined. Not good.
I still don't understand why the healthcare bill is not dead! Are Americans second class citizens? Why can Congress decide and we can't?
That's like Al Capone giving "tax advice".
Free market healthcare does not work. It's been tried, remember?
You explain why the free markets works??? But you contradict that assertion! Private bail has worked 4 over 200 years! So u and Kamila r ???

Also I think they have already have done more than enough "protecting" to #implicate themselves.
#CorruptGOP #GOPutin #GovOfPutin #PutinPals 
Oh those advanced economic concepts.... Congress will never understand those. Supply/Demand/Market Forces...
Judging by the health of our nation, comparatively, your theory does not hold up.
How could you know. This is all theory.
Why do you have government provided health care that I pay for?
Your bigotry is always on display and I find it disgusting. You may fool many however, most know better. They know a snake when seeing it.
At least the dems have strenght in the voting block . When will republican see the strenght in voting together .
Please repeal ocare now and support our President
If you don't vote for repeal and replace, we the American Republican votes will vote to replace you. You just want attention.

If you believe that start bidding on drug cost to save trillions.
The GOP is pro life till after the baby is born. After birth, the GOP cuts off health care caring less about life.
Why are the Democrats running everything when we have the house and Senate and the best ever Trump
The cheep shirt from Walmart might be good for your pocket but that same shirt cost 15 people a job. Your way of thinking is unAmerican.
Why do you live off the government then? Hypocrite.
Thank you for this explanation re health insurance in spite of the heavy background distraction of voices saying what? I don't know!
The free market is no panacea. You're fooling yourself & others. The free market will let people die for the sake of profits. #Medicare4all
Heard U on CNN - nobodys making anything up - u couldn't make up all these connections & how so many "forgot" when they had mtgs w/russians
Cheap ins doesn't cover much. 
You don't know this until you get sick, then find out it doesn't cover cancer, or inpatient services, et al
u say ppl cant get healthcare under Obamacare care? How is that so. Also u don't want us to worry about what's made in America? Assclown
R U aware that most doctors & many more specialists will not even see Medicaid patents in the first place! @POTUS @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
This is BS. Rand got his Economics Degree from the same place he got his law degree. Trump University. Complete shit fest.
I respect position and the fight to the end. But in the very end this republican senate must step up and get something done. Unify!
Open your eyes KY!!! Paul has got to go... RINO
The GOP idea of free market is to charge older adults 5x more. Pure WS socialism to pad WS pockets with $.
Free market? DOA.  WS is too big to fail and Congress writes laws in WS favor.
I saw you on Marie's show this morning... I agree with Carl Rove's analysis... your positions are incoherent...  Stop obstructing!
Sounds good to me
The ACA was meant to destroy Insurance Companies.  It is going to take some bucks thrown to them to correct that at first to correct this.
You get up and say the same thing every time.  Quit talking and get everyone on board.  So tired of this.  We gave republicans a chance.
@RandPaul That's the problem. S&D shouldn't be involved in healthcare. They're already profiting billions.
Since you claim Trump produces clothes in China to save Americans money at Walmart & Target what Walmart sells Trump clothes for $7 a shirt?
getting rid of regulations that protect workers, our air and water Do not hurt buisness look at the profits their sitting on.
@RandPaul keep up the good work. Completely support your position on affordable health insurance, bringing down healthcare costs.
Answer CNN's ? Why would wealthy Trump need to hire foreign workers for his clubs? Why not Americans at a fair livable wage?
You know you're ALL ABOUT TAX CUTS FOR YOUR DONORS Dr. Mengele, couldn't care less about your constituents. Tired of your hypocrisy!


Thank you for voting No!
Free market does not work. Ask the millions who filed medical bankruptcy. HC is not a retail item, get the insurance co leeches out of HC.

Thank you Rand for keeping your promise & not following in the footsteps of these RINOS. Love you in this cartoon 
No u r wrong. The free healthcare mkt is all about gouging ppl. Drug prices r out of control. Hosp. charges 4surgical procedures excessive.
You have to become a team player and not a maverick/obstructionist. If not you will own Obamacare!!! Unconscionable and unacceptable!
Would you like to talk to a grammar teacher about your utter butchering of the English language?
An acronym used to prove a political point? Dumb.
Additionally, the content of said acronym is not an argument. It's a complaint.
Try again.
You need to become a team player and not a maverick/obstructionist. If not you will own Obamacare!!! Unconscionable and unacceptable
The free market works best for widgets but not rights. Healthcare is a right. The nation provides it. See the Bill of Rights and the Bible.
"...It doesnt work. When it comes to healthcare, you don’t want the government to be in charge.”

It works great in the UK @RandPaul #NHS
Yet sided with Schumer and Dems to preserve ObamaCare
As long as is on the same insurance that he wants millions of Americans to be on
Senator, what you say makes sense. O'care has opened the door to socialism in America. Countless Americans expect gov't as their provider
If God is involved in this debacle of the GOP controlling the govt, then GOD is evil...or this truly proves that GOD does not exist.
Keep up the good work Senator.
I'm not sure I want to listen to a country dentist lecture about a free market.
Greed Always Works Best ! Let The Rich Get Richer & The Poor Get Poorer While Everything Goes Up in Price ! #TrickleDownGOP #GOPscum
What up with this, Rand? Im sincerely disappointed. Check out @stranahan's Tweet:
BUMMER that @RandPaul LIED like a LEFTIST in NYT OpEd (how I knew) CC @MrsDogC https://www.pscp.tv/w/bEFs0zUxNzIyMzh8MXlOR2FtalhuUW5HalBnGCaivs-zYM57QnZuaT9kiKUt0c5ZF_kC7Avzwyaq …
Thanks senator Paul for working on bill to reform bails.
"Democrats lost the election, so they're going to investigate Trump for as long as he's in office." 
So...this never happened?

#GetRealBabe
Time to get onboard, and vote YES on the HealthCare Bill.
Very disappointed in u & the rest of the Rep. we voted for #POTUS because we wanted change, u Rep. have done nothing to help him. SHAME ON U
There is no such thing as a free market, especially so in health care
Many things to agree with, yet it's also myopic. Make he and all of his friends have the 'Silver' Obamacare plan.
Senator Paul! Isn't there anything at all that YOU or the President's office or the Justice Department can do, to STOP THIS NONSENSE?

#MyLyrics          PRT 
I am firmly anti Democratic Party and I would like to emphatically thank the libertarian movement for squashing the insurance bailout.
It works best because the insurance & pharmaceutical companies line ur pockets. Plus your friends can hike the prices as high as they want
Libertarians  the free market but ironically the voters (free market) makes them every election merely a fringe group in both parties.
The free market absolutely  to insure folks with pre-exist conditions. Obviously at compassionate free market  premiums
@realDonaldTrump the answer is the free market it is the American way, not republican or democrats, but American way, make us great again
The United States is considered by most to be a mixed market economy. Australia has the truest free market.
Don't let the insurance companies work on new healthcare, this is insane
stop with the talk....help whip vote on gop hcare
Vote to repeal,best way to go
NOT WHEN IT COMES TO PEOPLE'S LIVES!!!!!!!!   WE ARE NOT PROFIT FOR COROPORATIONS!!!!!!!!
What if arrested 4 rape, murder, theft of pers property, car & totaled etc? IF U BREAK THE LAW U SUFFER CONSEQUENCES regardless.
No one wants to get rid of a free market. Monopolies also drown competition. Let's work on those 21st century-style monopolies & oligarchs.
Of course it does, 
But we're counting on your vote 
#RepealAndReplace
Care. Stop the talking and do your work for the millions of American people suffering. Either you deliver or shut up and go!!
Bring ng just grateful that Hilllsry is not your president is not enough. It's time for you to work and deliver your promise to repeal Obama
Why won't you guys just be honest about what your plans are for #healthcare?

#SoundsLikeBSToMe
He is being honest! Democrats are lying to their constituents!!
Every doctor's group, every hospital association, the AARP...even insurers...are saying #TrumpCare is a disaster. 
They're not all lying.
How come the only measure of success you guys ever want to talk about...is lower premiums?

#SoundsLikeBSToMe
Rand Paul is working for George Soros by proxy. @SenKamalaHarris IS owned, operated by GEORGE SOROS and Co. BEWARE ALL AMERICANS
If you destroy half the providers by uncertainty you limit the market to only the largest corps. Those that paid for top R's elections. Odd?
How do you "guarantee" a full O'care repeal vote if Senators can amend any bill that comes to the floor?

#SoundsLikeBSToMe
Free market talk all the time by GOP b4 elections but now too weak to do anything about it
You need to get out of your comfort chair & go with Rep Desantis to GET RID of "Con"gress's Obamacare Subsidies!  Congress is now the Swamp!
Free Market Capitalism is not only best, it is the only one that is 'fair'. But get what you can!!!!!!!!

To many in congress are socialist.
Rand Paul should have been the first member of the Senate to back the White House's original plan to pass #AHCA though both chambers.
free market is a myth. greed makes it impossible.
Completely wrong! I'm free market is nature. Your socialism is impossible, artificial.  LIVE with the rules you want to force on others.
#StandWithRand
This is why I use bitcoin and dash
Only problem is saying free market will be perfect. That's what leftists will try to hang him on. It's not perfect but WAY better than govt
@RandPaul ignores the fact that many "able bodied" people on Medicaid do work. Let's force Walmart to provide coverage then.
Typical socialist/communist humanist religion.  'lets FORCE people to do what YOU believe'.  Keep your 'religion' to yourself.
Not as bad as prison for profit imo, but both are horrible lol
I stand with @RandPaul
I have rarely seen more clueless people than the uninformed masses replying negatively to this. Educate yourselves on a TRUE free market.
Australia has the purest free market economy-82%, yet they mandate that those with high incomes buy health ins. so that everyone is covered.
Yes get rid of Obama Care 3X Premiums 3X  deductibles = No Healthcare. Quit messing around with the tax paying Americans
How was health care working before ACA? Is that what you want to go back to?
I don't see HC going down cuz Insur Co will always make sure WE pay for uninsur/high risk.
@RandPaul is really thick headed...or he thinks we are. The "free market" wasn't working ....that's why we ended up with ACA.
The free market is based on winners/losers and might be fine in theory.  But do you really want winners/losers with people's actual health?
Complete BrainDead millennial. Life is win and lose. No choice on that. You just want to be the only one who chooses the winner.
Well personally I'm a baby-boomer, knowing dozens who put off preventative care/treatment because of cost/eligibility/etc that shorten life.
Yes there are winners & losers. But there can be more winners by making the self centered a little less profit. Get out of cave more often.
Don't stop on Repeal and Replace until it's Right 
Ok- I get it why some people thought old curmudgeonly Ron Paul was "quirky", but his son needs to go away..
#DrainTheRepublicanSwamp
Sure!
Yeah. That's why US health insurance costs tax payers more than European Insurance does and yet still doesn't cover everyone.
you have to get this health care passed to get tax reform done right
Too much greed is why free market  won't  work
Single payer is the way.
Single payer is a great idea... if I get to be the dictator to decide when and if you deserve care.  I will pick NO.
Unless you're willing to let people go without healthcare if they can't afford it, free markets will not function correctly.
Even then, people are horrible at predicting and understanding their potential future risks, so it still might not work.

Explain to me and all the rest of America why you and others are Exempt from ACA!
EASY!  Because it is horrible, and this is the proof.  Only ones who like ACA are those who don't want to work or pay, and, the fools.
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe The liberals that want Algebra removed from basic curriculum will never comprehend a free market economy
