If it is just a new paint job on the old "screw-the-public" GOP plans, WH should save its energy and BS supply.
I hope it includes health associations! Fantastic idea!
Can’t wait still hoping you can do something other then say NO
Looking forward to a real framework for reform.  If true and you were involved, thanks in advance.
free market solutions are best to fix healthcare and I like your version of Graham Cassidy much better
Thank you #RandPaul for keeping your promises and fighting for liberty no matter the party in control #RandPaul2020
how about quit talking and actually do something!!!!   this republican led congress in INEPT!!!!!
Pro growth tax cuts can help lower the deficit
YES-And must adopt the penny plan
My understanding is he is going to allow health insurance purchases across state lines via executive fiat. Like Obama did with DACA.
#StandWithRand
Your father @RonPaul would be ashamed of you for trying to push executive action to harm Americans when you have fought against executive action in the middle east. The hypocrisy is rich. Where is your courage?
To harm Americans? You mean to allow Americans to join association groups and buy across state lines to lower their healthcare cost?
Paul I agree .
And u I am sure are going to tell us how that Trumps plan is bad.  So now u can start screwing us with ur commie words
I don’t like all his politics, but here is a man who will one day be president. He is one of few politicians who GENUINELY loves his country
Theyre officially giving up because no one was ever serious about doing anything? The useless repeal votes under Obama seem funnier everyday
Unfettered access to the best medicine known to God and man is all we need. Cannabis is good for us and God wants us to have it!
RPaul is trying 2 getTrump2use exec order to repealACA-Obamacare with some obscure law-then 30+million without healthcare-callCongress-sayNO
I hope it's that they fixed Obamacare.
I suggest all on Twitter read Rich Dad, Poor Dad and maybe one-day the country will begin to realize debt is destroying our Republic!
Rand is doing as Trump,announcing "big" news in couple weeks. Come on,if have something to say just SAY it. Tried of "2 week's" coming.JOKE
Here’s a thought: give up this empty wet dream of killing Americans for your donors & actually work on bipartisan healthcare solutions. #ACA
Killing Americans lol what liberal joke!
Healthcare reform is dead bc of @RandPaul ! After Sep 30 requires 60 votes. Obamacare is now Rand-Care. You own Obamacare Rand Paul
1. This bill didnt get rid of Ocare. And 2. Even with Rand Paul's support, the bill still didnt have enough....
Sen. Paul messed up on NKorea @uriminzok_engl. Juche Idea "Self Sufficiency" emphasizes that relying on allies who could betray is weakness.
I tweet: Sue For Peace. NK has tech to launch rockets &detonate fusion. Thus all can applaud if Pres Kim creates artificial star in heavens!
Seven years of talking about healthcare and still no plan these guys got it made
Well I know you've been working your ass off let's get it done. Talk to the other liberal Democrat Republicans that are blocking it
How scary is this!!!!
Hard to believe
Really you guys all need to get fired
May God Preserve, Protect and Defend the Legacy of The Original Dreamers! #ccot #tcot #TakeAKnee
Pleaae do it without subsidies!
GOP needs to get it together and lock arms and stand together... you were not part of the team! You took a knee! Disappointed in health care
If you like your obamacare, you can keep your obamacare! Problem is we don't like it, didn't want it, didn't vote for it! GOP did not help!
So glad to see Rand Paul working so closely with President Trump to #MAGA. 
tell @RandPaul to take a shower
@gop ran it’s mouth about how much better they could run things and they keep making trash bills and the fake @potus signs executive orders
Question nobody ever asks you : What happens to people w/ Insurance right now if you got your way on repeal only? 1/2
How long would it take to get 60 votes to replace ACA? Meanwhile rates would be skyrocketing because subsidies would be gone. #YouHaveNoIdea
Oh shut up you publicity hound. We are sick of your complaining and DO NOTHING attitude!
Donald sent a tweet early this morning saying this too, Dr. Paul. With both of you on it gives us hope!

Never saw Rand go and help the Hurricane victims?
So you caused this disgrace and go on Morning Joe to talk about it
Here we go again!
Wut is it exactly do u do at work besidez grandstand n drip ur opinion on tv constantly? Real question
Look into it, he's done quite a bit.. more than most, that is for sure
Yea i will, i was hopin sumbody cud tell me, instead i jus get hammered by his supporters--((
Its time to remove the illegal executive order that gives the senate & congress a 73% reduction in health care premiums; Not small business!
Rand's plan is simple & smart. Pass it. https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Hope so Rand...Keep up the good fight for the people !
@Stevemee10
http://vire.info/?cash=3852 
He's going to promise to veto any repeal bill that passes so the Three Stooges and Rand can now vote for repeal again.
Great Work From Home Site AND It's FREE
Why have we let Ryan & McConnell abandon their promise to send 2015 #FULLrepeal bill to Republican @POTUS to sign?
We needed a yes and you voted no
Seriously, enough! You guys own this cluster now. Surrender, work with Dems and see if can get something? Anything?
remove subsidies of obamacare from congress
Rolls eyes 
@RandPaul  you republicans are truly #sad but hey if you want to get humiliated again I'll need a good laugh in the next few weeks too!
Speaking from a hlth ins
background,ins cos will not deal well with assoc.made up of people who need ins NOW. Need diversified groups
@realDonaldTrump Tweets this AM we're DISGUSTINGLY cruel +hateful #trumPIGnorance! So angry at all #complicit
Fake news helps republicans better way
You've got to be kidding! Stop with the "repeal" crap and work with the Dems to #FixTheACA.  That is what the WH better announce.
How do you fix it? 

More more subsidies to the insurance companies and big Pharma?
Letting people bargain in a group for insurance is a good idea. Surprised it's coming from a republican . Sounds like a union
I'm on pins and needles as I wait for BIG announcement.. and WTF was he saying about Chinese army on border?  China wins if we bomb N Korea
@RandPaul #ProgressiveDem here. Interesting comments from you. Agree with state lines.
Fix the preexisting conditions, high risk pool, and #CAP needs to go. My 26th yo daughter has same defect as #jimmykimmelbaby.
She needs more surgery later. It is called the #MelodyValve.  Her cardiologist is not covered under #Obamacare. Please fix this.
@realDonaldTrump make this happen
To what does he refer??
With NO PORK FOR ANY STATES?

The only "big health announcement" I want to hear from the White House is that Trump has been diagnosed with dementia & he's stepping down.
Lorraine you might want to look into your Democratic people Hillary's Parkinson's Nancy Pelosi' dementia alcoholism. Maxine Waters psychotic
probably signing executive order to sell health insurance across state lines, which would be great for all Americans
His idea is people pool money and hopefully there is enough to help when there is a need. ITS A SCAM
Definition of "beating a dead horse"
Looks like a bunch of spiders are having a meeting on Rand Paul's head. Is that his hair ?
FFS
Also, Rand 'could' do something with that nasty mess on his head, but we all know it isn't happening.
Oh Give #US A Break! Your #HUGE Health Announcement w/ @potus Will Mean NOTHING To America's #Families Struggling To AFFORD Healthcare!
This is a great idea for all those self employed people like me.
Give it up already!!!
@RandPaul The son of the man who should have been @POTUS We wouldn't have had @BarackObama screwing things up and Libs wouldn't have #Trump
