@RandPaul you need to find another job. Your college loan is paid off. Move on. So tied of your interference in do process. U have to goasap
So it's all or nothing. You freakin congress have royally screwed up healthcare. Democrats did it, GOP stood by and watched
#StandWithRand.   No #GrahamCassidy America we want free market period ...
Agreed, we have an accord, FIRE paul ryan
Maybe you're right. So how do we consider the less fortunate? Can they be part of the political right?
Sir, Why not take Obama's name off of It! That seems to be the problem! Your ins goes up every time you have a birthday! It always has!
So pass it, then propose another bill. Start somewhere and then keep chipping away!
Because we all know these donor loving shills won't ever repeal it & we're stuck sucking up like buttercups options we don't want again. 
Take 80% and work to improve.
ObamacareLite is better than Obamacare *Repair*. #GrahamCassidy at least moves in right direction- restoring more state control.#ItsAProcess
But Senator, it goes into the hands of the State where it should be..NOT Federalized.
So disappointed in your my way or the highway stance. People are hurting and need relief from the ACA. Graham-Cassidy does that Senator.
Vote No to senate bill
It's tough, because if you do nothing, the whole country will remain under Obamacare. With this bill states can request waivers from Com Rtg
We need to change our politicians. 2018.
U also R in "Group" tht shld after 7 years hve bill/plan in place LET'sGO! Nothing?? you have been against OBCARE why don't U have A PLAN
Still talking his ball and going home because other boys want to play another game!
Rand Paul's epitaph will read "He said NO!" That will be your legacy. 100% purity in what you want is a pipe dream. Do what we CAN do.
I agree. 1 +1 + 1and so on will eventually equal 100%. 0+ 0 always equal nothing. A war is won in battles & small accumulation of wins
I have a better idea, how about  #singlepayerhealthcare  #fixobamacare #protectourcare
Good grief what kind of doctor are you? Government run healthcare is still Obamacare
Forget your promise to repeal, you part of the problem and not the solution!
The American People don't want that.We want all NON-CITIZENS off of MEDICAID&WELFARE. This is the problem. U don't want to take goodies away
. If up to you, healthcare system will be in paradigm paralysis forever. Let it go, compromise and move forward. #blockgrantit
Bc you don't have the votes, it's simple math. Hard liners in @gop continue to show why you can't govern. At least it's a compromise
Insurances should be able to be sold across state lines. End this monopoly of one or two insures per state.
Some states have deals with other states allowing this. It hasn't helped increase competition. This talking point really jumped the shark
A few individual states does not cut it. If there is free market competition across the states, then it will affect the outcome.
They can already do that by paying the couple hundred dollars to incorporate in that state and abiding by those state's regulations
It's better than Obamacare.  If it passes, they can work on making it better.
No $$$from me to GOP until they actually do their jobs
We Don't trust you sir you say no through your mouth but your vote always wants to say yes  keep pressuring this liar
@iowa_trump
On a level of priorities
How is Health Care
more important than good food?
If HC is a right
Why isn't nutrition?
** defunds(oh my)
It gives Control to the states, repeals ind mandate and defends planned parenthood
How about the people bickering over healthcare there in DC live on a blue collar wage and the healthcare option for a year then vote.
We know. Was Graham bought off by Soros??? What happened to him???
Not true. And there is NO chance ever of a pure repeal. Votes prove this. THIS is the right step & kills single payer forever #GrahamCassidy
#MAGA. Stay strong Rand Paul!
@iowa_trump
#RepealNoReplace 
Govt cannot run anything properly
USPS has never been solvent in my 60+yrs
Bankrupt again!
BACK TO BAIL REFORM!!!! UR WRONG!  DO UR HOMEWORK! CONTACT ME!!!
your promise?...you're ok with citizens dying due to no healthcare? Your kind will be defeated.
#RepealObamacare
Oh please Senator Paul, why dont you slide to the left and show some weakness? Notice how Dems never slide right but Repubs shift left alot.
Rand, we love you but the fact is 0bamacare has collapsed and there are now only 2 options: Federalism or Socialism. You have to choose now.
As opposed to just staying with Obamacare? That is what you are voting for.
It repeals the individual and employer mandate! Pass this law then keep fighting for for full repeal!! It's better than ObamaCare!!Please!!
Good Lord!!!!
Because we know they don't want to give up all the power and control
The Senate/House has a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to get the major legislation that was promised to America.
Y don't u resign u have done nothing but complain try doing something instead of just always complaining
All of you swore you'd repeal!! We suffer but you don't care cause it ain't you!! What is up with this!!
No socialized medicine
Maybe repeal is not possible. Maybe you have to get the best you can.
What promise to repeal. Look at what the majority of Americans are saying and want or does that not matter at all?
Mr. Paul, you're going to need to toss out one hell of a lot of RINO's there to get anywhere close to that. So let's work on this.
Anything that isnt from you you call Obamalite. Get over yourself. Work WITH other Republicans or get out!!!
Repeal like it never happened!
WE DON'T TRUST LITTLE LINDSAY
Well if you are working for you, Scared, and want votes what do you think they are going to do?
um...because you are being paid to govern? because no one is going to back your repeal-only approach?

Sick em'!
We are better off with Obamacare light than Obamacare, don't sabotage 63 million GOP voters, this is a step in right direction
Y r u the only one pointing this out?!
Yes. But you lost your chance thanks to Mccain. Now its time to do something. Not a big lindsey fan but you gotta try something.
#7YearsOfLying
Hey, I heard you guys had no problem passing the bill that would never be signed when BHO was in office. What's wrong with that version?
Here's some wording for you: "The POS commonly known as Obamacare is hereby repealed." That wasn't hard. I think I'll run for Congress...
Blah blah blah
The federal government now has its claws dug deeply into healthcare. Progressives in both parties have no intention of letting that power go
Because Obama care works... it needs fixed sir.... that's where you come in... do ya get it yet ?
I agree.   Any thoughts on Lindsey Grahams idea to enable the states to manage their own healthcare??
You should just stay out of it you will NEVER be part of a solution
 I dare you to pass Tort Refor!
You guys either over reach (Bernies socialized medicine approach) or get Political on Repeal.  Pass 1 dam bill already that's logical step
Because REPEAL is political.  Career politicians cant solve Business Like problems.  Phased approach that starts with TORT reform Duhhhhhhhh
And so you side with Sanders?
Rand force mitch out and become majority leader please.
Obamacare must be repealed and then Medicare expanded to include everybody paying into it. NOT FREE.
Walk across 1st St, enter building.  Go up to 5th floor. Go to room 520. Talk like grown ups. ACA can be fixed, w/o repeal.
We demand a clean repeal of Obamacare! Pres Trump campaigned on repeal NOT repeal & replace. #SupportRandPaul
Holy shit .. it looks like you all got a jump start this morning
Thanks Again Senator. Sticking to your guns to help us   Can't wait till the day comes when you get to be POTUS
Is it less damaging than the current system?  If so, a No vote is a vote FOR bigger government. Less rhetoric more solutions.
Congress does not want to repeal. Obamacare is just another step in turning Americans into serfs for the progressives
It's time for SINGLE PAYER Medicare For All Senator.
Sign on to Senator Sanders bill!!!!
Shock the whole lot of them!
If McConnell and Ryan can't legislate, let's get Frank in Congress and let Mitch and Paul mow the WH Lawn for @POTUS
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!
Because a huge majority of Americans thinkACA was a good first step and that politicians should take the necessary next steps to improve it!
Yeah let's just keep it the way it is. 
Seems we can't get total repeal passed. R u going to stamp feet while people r without? I'd like repeal but something is better than nothing
Why is this promise to repeal so important? We don't care if it's repealed. JUST MAKE IT WORK.
Repeal that crap
Graham has broken many, many promises to the American Taxpayer
Why keep voting FOR Obamacare?
You're the only one I trust on healthcare. Probably period. Thank you for standing for us.
Purity on this matter means Obamacare continues to hurt Main  Street Americans. There was never, and is no chance for straight repeal today.
Repeal is selfish and ignorant. That's why @RandPaul
REPEAL!!! Keep fighting!
Why don't you think about how your selfishness is impacting the people of the country you're supposed to love?
Your correct Senator but unless the GOP gets it out somehow now...it will be with us forever. Please think long term...
Just don't flip your vote and this bill dies.
Why should your health insurance be better or cheaper than mine Rand?
Because we want a better plan, come on do a better conservative GOP plan, try working with the team
Isnt the idea to give healthcare choices to the states? I kind of like that.
How do we get full repeal then Graham Cassidy provisions into legis along w/ Tort Reform, Ins/Co-op's/Concierge across states etc.
Do what the American people voted for, repeal and replace Obamacare.  Thank you senator!
Why promise to repeal Obama care which would hurt millions of Americans without a better plan that would help millions of Americans?
Free/open market ... please!!!
#RepealAndReplace 
#RespectMyVote
Rand, why don't you take it out on traitor McCain instead of GrahamCassidy who are just trying to get something done! Stop complaining.
Exactly! Stand your ground and the PROMISE made to #FullRepeal Obamacare!
We have to wait for McCain to die first.
Cut the bullshit and obstructionism. We don't have 60 votes, not even if we had 70 republican senators. You are part of the swamp.
Republicans like 0bamaCare.  Its that simple.
I'm with you!!!
Why didn't you work diligently for the last 7 years to get a replacement or repeal
Senator Rand Paul. I want Medicare for all and a single payer system. I am a proud progressive democrat and a nurse.
We need relief any way we can get it. These costs are too high. You will never get a full repeal
Term limit and voting everyone out. McCain is a good example of what is wrong with congress. It's all about power and money.
Common Sense says it must be phased out to not shock the economy. @GOP need repeal victory, but people are actually suffering from O'care.
Yall have complained for 7 yrs. get it done!!!!'
Some of these senators need those kickbacks for keeping O-Care. Do you expect them to be able to live on their current salary and pension!?
I hope I'm not taking for granted there was sarcasm there
Just pass a bill to get to conference already! Negotiate there!
Please don't fuck this up
Senator Paul, anything you can get through the senate is better than OCare. Pass it, fix it and get on POTUS desk to sign. GET IT DONE!!!!
We will count that as a yes vote then huh Rand? #russia #complicit
Repeal Repeal Repeal!
Face it, we are not going to get the perfect bill until we have at least 70 Republican senators. You guys cannot unite.
Your body continues to take Ocare exemption hypocrites
Doctors, chiropractors, osteopaths, naturopaths ... don't care what kind of healthcare professional they are. It should be consumer's choice
We are better than that
Y'all need to get on board together.   We are loosing confidence in GOP.  Dems are making you look foolish.
Healthcare is a right, not a product. Stop selling Americans lives.
Absolutely agree
Senator, just get the cost and deductibles down.To paraphrase Carville, it's the cost, Stupid! People are hurting. Don't you know that?
Y work against the wishes of most Americans? Stop being an ideologue. Weren't u listening when Senator spoke eloquently abt bipartisanship?
Insurance should cover somebody nationally and internationally. Should be able to buy whatever insurance is available.
Democrats = me me me and not we
It's the other way around, Randy
Hahahahahahahahahahaha just like party platforms swapped right?
Huh?
Nevermind. Either way your statement was wrong. Democrats pretend to be we. When it's really me.
How's that? Dems are for defending DREAMERS, maintaining Obamacare.- that's 24,000,000 of your fellow Americans. Hardly a me.
Your point is... You feel entitled to other peoples labor like I said sounds selfish as fuck too me.
You POV is naive. Repeal has nothing to do with freedom; it has to do with sparing the richest among us higher taxes. #freedomisacanard
I am a big supporter of you, but sending money back to states sounds good to me, maybe 1 of these states will come up with a good plan
Amen. #DrainTheSwamp #FullRepeal
Seriously? Trump has filled the swamp with Wall Street Goldman and Sachs billionaires. I know it's fun to say but it's just not true
Unless there are 50 other senators like you, and there aren't. It isn't happening. I respect your stance but something has to be done Sir.
They couldn't do it if they had SEVENTY GOP senators.
Healthcare for all is ...slavery? Quit your job and go lick the bloody windows. I've seen more wisdom in a jar of snot.

RT @realDonaldTrump #ACA is a Trojan Horse to destroy the #USA It's a National Security Risk which gives you the power to dismantle it w/EOs
RT @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz Any elected official who violates the U.S. #Constitution is no longer acting as Govt., but as a criminal. #USA
Wow!  Just took a lesson from his predecessor.....
Bill should only be 10 pages long or something like that. Shouldn't be a thousand pages designed to take your freedom away
Get rid of the filibuster rule or I assure you there will be new REPUBLICANS in the House and Senate.  FED UP!
Dear S. Rand Paul, can't someone to come up with an easy and simple bill that restores Health care freedom in this nation?
We've been lied to for almost a decade.
Where is the GOP's secret plan?
Lemme guess...Nowhere!
Time for Single-Payer, like most nations.
If you don't have the votes for full repeal...you're wasting time while WE continue to suffer
They just don't get it, this is why they need to be voted out!
Repeal and open the market.
You really need to shut up, no one wants to repeal aca work with the dems or get voted out, you and all you tea bag party losers
principled never get anything done
Focus on taxes! Get it done 
15%  4  business 2 unleash jobs & economy! Mid class tax cuts! Close some loopholes on rich.  Do it! 
Rand i know KY is the "5th Least Educated State in the US", so what are you telling them you plan 2 replace their healthcare with?  Nothing?
BREAKING: More Hillary / Huma ‘Pay to Play’ Discovered By Judicial Watch
This guy is such a disgusting nutjob. Gets nothing done like his idiot father.
Agree - but this Congress seems determined to continue shooting themselves in their feet.  #Stupidity

@netanyahu @VP another two #Biafran women have been shot by Nigerian Military one was shot in stomach & other one died #StopBiafraKillings 
We allowed a traitor to remain in office for 8-years. He has gifted many white elephant gifts almost as costly to dispose as to keep. Smh
Rand, come up with a plan! Put something out there and sell it to America! Come on! Stop just flapping your gums!!
There is no plan. You can't make healthcare affordable cover everyone and retain for profit Insurance.
No for profit health care
Because reality happened
A workable solution is #SinglePayer. Retains free-market delivery while spreading risk and ensuring everyone pay in.
Yep, all we have to do for it is give them full control over our healthcare and add 32 trillion in debt.
Sen. Paul -  You are the only 1 that gets it.  We put R's back in office to REPEAL. Franken was not the deciding vote.  He was a GOP excuse.
Americans want solutions. They don't care about the political rhetoric of "repeal" or "replace".
Because they care about people's health and well being more than their donor's interests. You sell out.
this falls on you senator: you did nothing to denounce rino's in your party: you should be positioning as mcconnell's immediate replacement
Repeal will not happen. We are past that point and need to correct systematic issues. You are living a pipe dream and becoming a nuisance
Well duh of course it is! Anything rino lindsey grahamnesty is involved in is democrat slop!!
It locks in Obamacare and puts the GOP stamp of approval on government healthcare for all.
Face it, we've nationalized the healthcare system. All we are doing now is haggling over the details.
Yes! America keeps asking this question, why doesn't the rest of Congress? I think there will be many new faces in Congress in 2018!!
If you dont have a better idea @RandPaul then this idea is the best. Propose something realistically passible with votes.  #FullRepealHCA
Get the best bill possible that will pass, stop holding out for the perfect bill because the game clock will run out on the GOP
@LindseyGrahamSC How about a flat out #Repeal....and start from scratch. Better yet, let the private sector deal with health insurance.
Free-market doesn't do so well in healthcare. For some reason sick elderly disabled are not profitable.
Need Medicare for all
Businesses losing money because Americans in disadvantaged locations receiving health Care is a real problem to the bottom line oligarchy
Insurance Industry is parasitic.
Just fucking do something. Anything.
Don't give up, stay focused, keep up hard work

Do you have a plan?
Of course Rand has a plan...do a simple google search or check out his Senate page
It's a step in the right direction. Your bill will NEVER pass... we seen that happen. You are making your own death bed!! #DitchRand
He's fighting for what is right do you expect him to be a sell-out like everybody else I mean you get mad at those
You will NEVER get 100% they are WAY to divided. So I guess we get to KEEP Obamacare... was that the promise?  thanks rand!!!
He doesn't want the Affordable care act because it's not really affordable trust me. Why is it that my deductible was $6,000
Of only all of our senators and congressmen were like you. I'm beginning to think you are the only one not controlled. Even @TGowdySC ...
Has been a disappointment lately. He used to be my favorite. But you have taken that position now.
You got conned by @realDonaldTrump just like millions of Americans. Thats why.
Your plan is horrendous.
So vote no!
why do we not have disclosure about 911? 16 yrs of lies and deception.the same that did this are still operating.
EX: My bestfriend needs surgey, can't get it bcz her deduc$6K
Her income$14k.Yup,she lost her total income$30K bcz she can't wk long hours
Single payer fixes all that. Shall we count you and your bestie? Perfect.
Because most of congress are morons. Unfortunately for those morons we're on to the gig.  MAGA agenda!!! Make that happen!
There is no maga plan lol, he thought the republicans would actually habe something better than the aca lmao

the harder you fight the closer we get to singlepayer... keep it up @randpaul
Single payer is garbage
So garbage every other major country had figured out its the best way to deal w healthcare
JUST PASS THE DAMN BILL - LET THE STATE'S MANAGE WHAT THEY NEED
Take some of that foreign aid money  and bring it back home. Stop going to war all the time.
Yes ! Deal with taxes firstwhere there is some bipartisan agreement. Do HC AFTER economy is on fire in a good way!
It's REPEAL AND REPLACE. Repeal Obamacare and Replace it with a Private Competitive Across State Line Healthcare Plan at the same time.
