An self admitted to committing a felony by leaking FBI docs & Exec Prev Docs.  Dems need to make up thier minds, hate him love him hate him
U r fake news: Comey typed from memory on FBI laptop & sent to FBI exec committe. Auto Classified FBI docs & leaked execPrivilegeDocs-felony
You are obviously one of thises liberals that what MSM and think it isnot biased. Start thinking for yourself.
Due to fake liberial MSM/Dems news. Stop whatching MSM!
Fact: I voted Obama & my $580mo Heathcare went from $500yr deductible to$6,000yr per person.Dems/Obamacare is a tax & sucks! Give GOP-chance
Google it? OMG. MSM are democrats! Only an idiot would belive thier lies. U need to google "media bias in usa" proven fact!
And why would a Constitution Amendment need a Preservation Act?
You can't be saying this would apply to Gitmo detainees , right?
Cannot apply to non-citizens, especially illegals
What we need is a Constitutional amendment that will force the federal government to obey the Constitution.
Rand, that is fine as long as the victims of crime are also protected.
Unfortunately all the air in town is being sucked up by something else
This is *unreal*. Senate has a bill but won't show the public. They're going to *send their secret bill* to the CBO
MUELLER IS COMEY CORRUPT !!! WTF ?!!!
END THE FAILED DRUG WAR
Thank u for this! Plz remember Sir, disease + disability are forms of prison for ppl trapped in sick bodies. #Integrity4everyone
Sorry but that's life, life is not fair or easy something we all should understand
Sadly Senator Paul it seems like you are a lot of the time a lone voice in our government
Sign the healthcare bill. You are not the smartest guy in the room.
Stop trying to convince us that you are trying to do something helpful for our country. You're just another useless politician! Go away!
Mueller is a waist of TAXPAYERS MONEY FOR THERE IS NOTHING TO INVESTIGATE EXCEPTHillary, Comey,Rice,OBAMA ,Lynch,Podesta, SETH RICH'S MURDER
Indefinitely?
Why do we have to re-invent the wheel?

How does this Act address the NDAA? How about working to have that abolished?
Go Rand!
 I'm glad George Webb met with you or your staff re: alleged Awan Pakastani spy ring in Congress! I trust you to inform @realDonaldTrump
Thank you mr paul for making kentucky proud. your representation is a beacon of light in the DC swamp. xoxo
Will not give another dime to the GOP until I see you on the MAGA train!
It appearS that Senator Paul's act to protect (and draw attention to) the 6th amendment is doing just that! NO MORE GAMES - GO TIME
RT!
It's sad we have 2 create laws 2 protect the Constitution!
Muslims don't like our constitution.
Wether you respect the Constitution or not, citizens have rights, no matter their race religion, sexual orientation, etc.
#StandWithRand
Please spend more time on Trumps issues.
I'm very disappointed the way you've been defending the POTUS, over his conversation with Comey!! I thought you were a neutral person
your dad would puke
Nobody cares, Rand.  1776!  Tea Party!  King George!  Blah blah blah.
I wish we didn't need this, unfortunately we do. 

Keep up the good work.
so u waste time with a bill to support something already in the Constitution?  Good job! Go have a cookie, you earned it!
Isn't it sad that such laws have to be passed to ensure that the Constitution is interpreted correctly?!
Senator Paul, our pay for justice system is near out of control. Please do all you can to defang the Patriot Act.
Good for you.
I have to agree w/u on this one senator. Our justice system needs an overhaul & that's only a fraction of the problem, right @ShakaSenghor?

Money creates poverty and corrupts all. Judges lie for money by law to exist. Abolish interest law. Create a Bank by the people 4 the people
Trump has paid himself 17 times by going to his properties by having us, Americans, pay for his weekend
#TruthCuresLyme #Truthcures.org
Are you John McCNN Jr.? Get off TV and get Healthcare and taxes DONE now!!
Do we really need an act for that?
Well that will be a problem for Democrats and the Media
Shhh Russian bot. Blocked. .
What a neat idea! A statute to protect a God-given right guaranteed by the Constitution!
What really happened on the golf course sir... you haven't been the same .
I honestly can't take much you say serious, when you refuse to say anything critical of the potus, pure politics over principles
I've heard him criticize 45.
Keep up the good fight and thank you!
Thank you, sir!
what are your concerns about healthcare.  Please share in the format below.
Isn't law-upon-law-upon-law part of the problem?

Why don't we just honor/enforce the original law?
I have alway's supported your Dad he is a good guy. I'm warming up to you Rand you seem to be following in his footstep's. Very Cool.
Thank you for upholding the primary purpose of government.
To SECURE our rights and prevent abuse.
@NancycBa1 @RandPaul We Rand Paul!!! 
Thank you Senator Paul.  Keep up the fight for the Constitution.
How about introducing the "Capitalism is the economic foundation of the USA" act to fend off the socialists who want to bring it down?
10th Amendment Preservation Act would be a plus as well. Push forward minimizing or nullifying many alphabet bureacracies.
The problem is, one needs lawyers, lots of lawyers to explain what vices the #Constitution stoutly defends and what virtues it disdains.
Doesn't apply to Republicans.  If they're accused they stay accused.
You need to get with the program or don't step foot back in Kentucky. We're getting really sick of you motherfukers
More refreshing than seeing someone protect the constitution, the justice system always shaking my head plus its old and need to be reformed
Thank you for fighting for freedom.  But it's freedom for US citizens.
You really need to ditch the Randian bullshit, read some Hoppe, and get on the choppa: Bolsheviks & Islamists need to be physically removed.
You are my dude man, I try not to complain too much but when it comes to this country's justice system as a 38 yr old Black man its nothing
Why does an amendment to the constitution need preservation?  Sounds like fluff Senator
I'm RT & will read up on this Preservation Act later...
#standwithbillcosby
