Sounds great & straight forward to me, so, where's the catch?
Have a hard time understanding why GOP Senators cannot get this figured out.
Please tell the American people why you refuse to give our healthcare back to the American people
How about also requiring elected officials and their staff to abide by the new plan just like every other citizen
Full repeal before anything else. Give me my freedom back.
Do we offer health education and medical services without identification? Then why is it a big deal to ask for proper identification to vote
Excellent start! Then need to separate insurance from the workplace and create real markets where we shop as consumers to drive down costs.
Name ONE country where a free market model has been successful.
The USA prior to Obama.
Prior to ACA, there were 48 million uninsured, all of whom were lined up at the ER to get most expensive care possible, funded by tax payers
Why can't insurance companies sell across state lines?  Make them compete for our business.
first of all come up with a name and stick to it. Now you want to call it Better Care Reconciliation Act of 2017.
Sen Paul and Pres Trump bypass fake news to let the people know where they stand. If Congress listens to Paul we have new health care law!
Sure, but it'll be short on healthcare and long on wealth redistribution in favor of the 1%....
The Billionaires need more money. Take away people's healthcare so its possible
Did you not see the profits Insurance companies made since AHC? And they want more!
And the GOP bill guarantees that.
Under Obama Care if you pay for your health insurance you have less coverage than those who get it free. How is that fair?
Quit lying about the ACA comrade are you in Russia or Moldavia u Russian troll
Looks good and still need to allow for State line crossing to increase competition only way to truly cut premiums-HC costs is another issue
The only way to really slash HC costs is break stranglehold of BigPharma & allow integration with HOLISTIC medicine that HEALS & PREVENTS.
A GOP mandate & bribing of insurance companies is mos def uncalled for. REMOVE any & all mandates. Screw insurance lobbyists &they bailouts.
Let the free market take hold !!
Makes sense. It'd be great if you or others educate the people on the problems of Obamacare, difficulties with universal healthcare, etc.
AND MILLIONS WILL DIE BEFORE THEIR TIME!
Also include all #Congress to have same coverage as the American people after all we do pay for your Medical/Hosp insurance needs.
I trust you on this issue.
Rand. If you can't come to an agreement. Just repeal Obamacare.
lets just repeal and forget replace.
As a former KY resident, your callous dismissal of KY's poor and elderly health needs is Appalling! Who Would Jesus Price Out Of Market?
Funny how you have got it all figured out. Why don't you bring 49 others along if your ideas are so great. No such thing as a perfect bill
How about a #singlepayer option for all? Free market can then compete with that like Singapore et al have?
I agree with you Rand
The only way to really slash HC costs is break stranglehold of BigPharma & allow integration with HOLISTIC medicine that HEALS & PREVENTS.
When going to learn that healthcare is never going to be a free market.  How will the market boycott if it kills them? It's a captive market
Agree with all except small group self insurance.  A maternity claim alone can wreak financial havoc of a small grp biz tht self insures.
You should be the Senate leader. Thank you for representing true Americans.
I would borrow from our founders and get the Federal government out of healthcare 100%. Read the 10th Amendment again for reference
Please tell me your outraged by the presidents comments today...when is enough truly enough senator?
You, sir, need to support the president. He will make this right. You have to give him support.
I totally support President Trump @realDonaldTrump . I am a huge supporter. I do think that you are correct Sen. Paul. Stick to your guns!!!
We do not want a replacement for ocare. Just replace it Sir!!! @realDonaldTrump
Give Poor Families a choice receive a $150 Monthly Voucher for Welfare or $150 Monthly Voucher for Healthcare NOT BOTH! Move On!
I'm all in! Great points that should NOT be overlooked. @RepRickAllen @potus
Thank You!Please keep fighting for us!#StandWithRand
Good ideas, but 10 years too late. If your suggestions had been implemented before ACA, there may not have been need for ACA. Now there is.
Not ambitious enuf. Many preconditions ( high bp, chol., etc. ) are avoidable. Not seeing any incentive to move away from these cost drivers
What would your constituents like to see
https://twitter.com/damejemarshall/status/880524045019529216 …
All negativity nothing new or positive from a doctor?
1. REPEAL OBAMACARE 2. Send all healthcare and healthcare insurance issues back to the state level.  3. Let the free market work.
Think your going to be surprised at the lack of Republican support for your next re-election bid. People not interested in grandstander.
Can only use reconciliation on one maj vote. In sept Il need for tax reform. Pass and tweek later Paul. We all know ur a libertarian
Are children now completely outlawed a death panels are now real..If you see Death, he's really there
Hm, If nothings' done O'care implodes & we have no Gov Insurance!!! Is that the real plan? H/C still be there,just free mkt & patients & Drs
Thank God for Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, Mike Lee. They believe in you & me to take care of ourselves. Sad so many hate freedom & Capitalism
Fake Tweet Russian troll bot or House Freedom Caucus
Rather than expand Medicaid why not have Fed Gov't pay for poor individuals to enroll in Association Health Plans? Insurance not healthcare!
Yours is the best plan-thanks for holding the line-we have a chance to  have decent healthcare if they follow your lead-thank you
Good suggestions - hope you are open to compromise and gradualism. Final bill needs to pass.
I don't care what you think! I care about what you're doing to the country, the party and the voters! Stop grandstanding!
Let me guess, there are not enough people losing their insurance and poor, sick, kids and elderly dying?
What kind of human being writes this kind of nonsense?

Rand, you know that the real problem with healthcare is NOT ACCESSIBLE but COST GOUGING !! FIX THAT!!
@RandPaul What  does do  for Rand Paul to keep his seat when he will not vote for key leg. that the party promised. Better Retirement pay?
Don't call it a health care bill Paul its just one big transfer of wealth I think like a trillion for top 1 percent its shit bill smdh
No free lunch for insurers, networks, welfare, free loaders,etc. No corporate and non corporate socialism
See most of you dont  need insurance in Congress  because a majority of u are millionaires right Paul
If not going for a full repeal, these seem like good suggestions. Would like to see more of a free market system.
Maybe that's why Kentucky is such a poor state smdh
Stand your ground! Don't give in to the pressure!
You don't make any profits of insurance companies do u  like Mitch over 400,000 to draft this bill and from Kentucy too 

 such hypocrites
But, Rand, R U just an attention getter? Why did U wait so long?
Congress should not be exempt from the government plan and then get private healthcare that the we pay for. #greed
I applaud your sense of trying to work for a compromise, but we both know govt shouldn't be in health care and ACA should be repealed.
Senator, this debacle needs to be repealed. No replacement.
Who cares what you would like to see. Most of your ideas are anathema. It is what the PEOPLE want to see not you.
Makes sense
Real Healthcare reform would be to embrace single payer plan Dr. Paul you know it and I know it and so do the American public!
How many Senators have opposing views who want the bill to suit them too?
I work for a living,I don't need the democrats to do my thinking for me
#RepealDoNotReplace
No thanks Rand! 7 years & still crickets from GOP.  Gotta face it. We the people TRUST Trump, does NOT mean we trust ANY of you.
Thank you for continuing to support ideas that benefit hard working Americans!
Any bill which preserves the for-profit insurance is unsustainable hack &doomed 2 failure!Stop trying to square the circle! #MedicareForAll
4) the wait time you get all your premiums plus some benefit We MUST take care of the helpless! You all need to get this thing DONE
3) Some life Ins co also have a wait time in some preexisting conditions You get coverage but if you die if those conditions within
2) Dental Ins has waiting period for some procedures I hope there is a mandate that Ins co must accept all but have a wait time
1) Rand I agree with your suggestions Health Ins use to have preexisting conditions wait time before coverage of that condition
Will #4 make emergency rooms fill up? I'm just thinking of unintended consequences.
Don't you see that the system is broken and these half measures won't fix it. We need a good, long-term plan. Please!
Rand Paul, I agree with every one of your suggestions.  Let's get these changes implemented! Small business owner. ACA is killing us!
Thank you senator. I do not always agree with your position but agree with you on this one. Good luck.
I would like to see all government officials having to have the same insurance options we have.
This not a break through. This is alot of talking for years and u have no plan?!What is wrong with you!? We counted on u and u have nothing?
Federal employees, especially congress should have the same health coverage. It should be more about care than. Financing.
Repeal or no deal!! Portability, tort reform .....sound familiar??
I do like items 1 & 2 very much.
I disagree with 3 & 4. Item 3 is good for the middle class. Item 4 will allow the insurance companies to impose the 18mo. waiting period.
Item 3 is not an entitlement. Arizona gives premium tax credits and it gives their economy a great boost. $ spent locally.
YES! Very small business owner getting crushed in individual market!  Prems have MORE than doubled in last 3 years. Almost = house payment!
These recommendations are critical to make the small businesses level with large  and should be included
Here's what I'd like to see - FULL REPEAL!
Rand Paul It sounds like free market insurance like I grew up with I'm 78 it works like you've described I've never been with out!dts
What is so hard about that?
Mine would be 2 words. Repeal Obamacare.
Senator Paul, Companies that self insure do not provide adequate protection for their employees. I know this personally.
Very reasonable...I support your ask/purposal for changes!!!
@SenateMajLdr @POTUS @SpeakerRyan work together for best bill! Up to u if GOP has momentum or not right now!!!!
1 and 4 yes but 2 and 3 needs details
My only questions to the Senate Repubicans are..  Why aren't they already in there? And who do we have to fire in 2018?  #DrainTheSwamp
Get er done @RandPaul. Keep up the good work
.@randpaul The core of the problem yet to be considered is the true cost of healthcare provider. We simply kick the can tackling premiums
All these things seem pretty reasonable and rooted in conservative ideology. Let's hope they get adopted.
Get rid of the CBO. They are worthless. Give your healthcare plan to real healthcare providers. See what they say.
Thank you for sharing. Hopefully you all can work things out soon and move on. #MAGA
@POTUS why not use this version to get it done and move on @Italians4Trump @Cernovich @BreitbartNews @mschlapp @TomiLahren @KatiePavlich
I fine with these ideas, get them in the bill, and  pass it. If you can't get them all take what you get, pass the bill. Add do more later.
Thanks Rand for all your hard work to make it right, if there is such a thing. I think we take from how the VA works
Great Proposal Rand!
I don't know Dr. Rand. I don't see where any of this will fix the system that gouges the consumer for poor care and even poorer coverage.
Corrupt McCabe & Comey got Rosenstien to hire Comey's BFF hiring on Clinton lawyers and dem donors..for Russia probe? STOP THIS it's INSANE
Doesn't go far enough, for EITHER of us, I suspect! But I'll grant it's a fine start. THANK YOU for your ongoing efforts for REAL reform!
@RandPaul I am glad u are doing this but can u get them to get on the unmasking of Americans by Obama
I agree. I'm sick of these criminals getting special treatment. The public has a right to know how badly Obama screwed us over
Great suggestions. Missing is buying across state lines, which would drive down prices due to competition. Seems ins cos protected from drop
Wonderful options to consider!
I agree with this.  I hope you're doing well after the shooting
Stick with it, Sen. R. Paul!  I support you!
Dont u have his number on speed dial?
It astounds me that you could  believe you are in any way representing your constituency.
excellent start and direction.  keep pushing and advocating.  set up monthly meetings with @realDonaldTrump - he needs your input
Can your suggestions be passed thru reconciliation?
Sound very reasonable, good luck.
This is GREAT! @marklevinshow @realDonaldTrump THANK YOU FOR YOUR HARD WORK, Senator. @tedcruz @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @JohnCornyn VOTE Y
Thank you future president Paul.
All of you have no idea what drives up cost of healthcare. Cost of Malpractice Insurance. Need tort reform. @SenAlexander @SenBobCorker
This is good but we need insurance sold across state lines & I know insurance lobbyists do not want this but to bad. 1st
Thank you Senator
This country was founded on compromise, work with your colleagues and get something done.
Now send a letter to Pocahontas to say you defacto give her single payer bc you all had no plan after 7 yrs and now refuse to compromise.
If you fuck this up, we're going to be stuck with Schumer care.  Please work to pass something, anything that allows us some freedom.
Republicans are looking like a laughing stock! Get it together we the ppl gave u house and senate and presidency
A plan that does not provide price transparency to the consumer does nothing to reduce cost of healthcare.
I'm terrified by the healthcare hell the Democrats want to inflict on us.
Like your proposals. Get rid of planned parenthood to.
Good letter! I wld add, we need 2 explore monopolies on med. devices or big pharma. They're pricing our ins. out of biz.$2500 4 a CPAP mask!
If you traitors really wanted to fix our health care debacle, you would go single payer. It works as advertised everywhere its implemented.
I'm not impressed
I'd like to see allowance for catastrophic only coverage (currently non-ACA compliant) and the ability to sell across state lines.
OK, politics is the art of the possible, but what happened to repeal?
Rand if you & the 9 others can get 50 votes 4your plan,fine.But don't put the ball back in the Dems court they want one payer Healthcare
Not unreasonable... what about regulations requiring providers to develop uniform/fixed UCRs & plans based on specific needs of the insured
Well said Dr. Paul
Senator Paul thank you do much'! Excellent ideas! And Thanks for sharing with us!
.What about across state line policy buying?  Isn't that the main thing to reduce premiums?  It should be in 1st draft.
We need to make sure the insurance we give Congress and Government employees are one in the same. @realDonaldTrump
This needs to be Trump Care! Everyone should have the affordable option. We need transparent ALL ONE price for all hospitals & doctors.
If healthcare is free for one, or a reduced premium,  it means others are paying that premium through taxation.
Stand on NO REPLACEMENT!
Should a person healthy choosing to work part time be covered for free under Medicaid?  It is happening now.
Premiums for young are not too expensive.  I submit the government paperwork is the turnoff.
Be more mean!  xo Rand
How about a bill to allow the importing of cheap foreign medicines ?
Small steps, please! It will be easier to get your changes in if you and the other holdouts would go ahead and vote yes on the current bill.
Will you be creating a special crayon version for the Orange Menace?
if it wasn't for medicaid i would have passed away from 3 1/2 years of cancer...doe's my life matter? how many have to die before IT matters
These look like very sensible suggestions. How will the mandates on insurance companies be done away with, though?
And how about reducing and replacing licensure and accreditation requirements with market based training?
Plz get this done!  If not now when we have the House Senate and WH, then when?  You've promised, you MUST deliver 
You guys need to work and don't go on vacation till this shit is done  and fuck the entitlements create JOBS like the POTUS isMAGA
Do you think by putting out threats will help you no it won't Healthcare is a right not a privilege so stop your bigotry shameful
Democrats have always said they were willing to work with Republicans to FIX the ACA... but not on repealing it.  Wake up!
You want to work with Dems - on repealing ACA - the very thing they said they wouldn't do.  Where the hell have you been?
Thank you for looking out for small business owners, self employed
Yes sir,  very good points.  Keep up the good work.
Remember Rand... you may get some of this but not all.  You must be willing to compromise...
#StandWithRand
Will the leader read and seriously consider your points? I doubt it.
But you realize that your changes would essentially chuck everyone off of health insurance and that position is hated by voters, right?
Let me be incharge of my own destiny, explain to @realDonaldTrump we have healthcare just get the darn Govt out of the way! #freemarkets
Medishare and other plans work just fine. Get the Fed Govt out of Insurance and Healthcare !!! This is a scam to implement Socialism
Great. But will you vote for something terrible? My fear is you will.
1)Why on earth would you say that? 2) What's your idea of terrible? 3)Is this a troll account?
1) cause he's done it before
