You're buying the far left propaganda that is being fed to you.He wants more coverage and lower prices and doesn't believe Obamacare does it
It IS NOT better than what those of us who actually paid for insurance had! You must be subsidized!
Single payer just means more people get SHIT care. I'd rather have better and cheaper for everyone. Better being the key word.
Ever been to the SS office, or through TSA, or waited on a letter from the post office vs UPS? Yeah, govt run anything is doodoo. I'll pass.
And if you had your way with health care too many Americans would have rely on charity
Thank you.
Canadians feel all citizens deserve eye surgery whether rich or poor through universal health care provided by all of us.
If you really want to do something good for your community, then get over yourself & start working as a team w/ @realDonaldTrump #MAGA
It's not charity when you endlessly talk about it for political gain. If it was sincere charity I wouldn't know about it.
You get rid of aca and see what your premiums are. Argue with the ins companies about premiums!
You are GIVING, not "giving back" - a bad eufemism that implies you somehow took out something before.
God Bless you Rand.
*wonders where all the haters are when Dr Paul posts this stuff but whine on regular posts* yeah, I'm #StillRandGirling
Great stuff, helping someone else see and yet somehow still blind yourself.. #Trumprussia #TrumpColluded #TrumpcareFail Critical enough?
Lord bless U Senator, n keep finding the truth for the ppl....amen
would be neat if people could just have health care without relying on private charity but hey, cool tweet
That was very Democratic of you.  Thanks
If 25 million people are thrown out of health insurance we will sure need more people like you doing that kind of work. #alpolitics
How does a Sen have enough spare time to maintain critical fine-motor surgical skills & continuing ed? #NotMyEyes #PhotoOp @ScuzzaMan
Love your work Rand, both as the honorable optho and as statesman. One pet peeve: its GIVING not GIVING BACK as you weren't given anything 
You have the joy of giving and tha makes you special in D.C. and  not like   the takers . Bravo !
Giving free eye surgeries while @BernieSanders is on a tour condemning Republican Healthcare. Go Home Bernie!
WoW, and you need to make it known publicly. Cause it would not be great if kept private?
So glad ur a charitable Dr., but plz get over yr jealousy that @POTUS did not pick your NoBama plan FIRST. We need phase 1 & NOW4tax reform!
I think someone needs to perform similar surgery on you so you'll see what's going on with your party.Seriously, man, hard to take u serious
When you have to tell the world-it is self serving! But thank you
Blessings to you Sen Paul!
B4 could offer employees health Ins; employee went on exchange 4 coverage, decent premium; tax time told pay back subsidy #RepealAndReplace
Bravo!
Admirable. I wish you would approach representing all your constituents (not just Republicans) with the same generosity of spirit.

Great American
Good DR!
My left eye needs a cataract lens replacement. How much if I pay cash? Just teasing... glad you did a pro-bona surgery.
People need no charity, they deserve a structurl system in which they have access to healthcare when needed!!
You're transparent ... your "charity" and "giving back to the community" has ulterior motives. You disgust me.
Rand, can you do some pro bono eye surgeries on ANTIFA? I'll donate a 600 kW laser just for the task.
Self-promoting your charity... stay classy Rand.
If your plans for healthcare succeed, you will have a lot more free surgeries to donate
He voted to take away "free health care" make sure you describe that right
Nice to see this Senator!! God bless you!!
you are an honorable man
political virtue signalling.
an act of Charity is only a true act if u receive nothing from the act.  Publicity seeking is not an act of charity
Anyone who prepares for c. 12 years (of their youth), plus continuing education, then selflessly gives it away is worthy of my respect.
Yay you. Suggestion: leave the reporting of your good deeds to others.
Ron and Rand Rock!  Amen?
Yeah, but don't brag about the good things you do. That's not tactful.
oh that's all optics...muhu...muhuhu...
Please, Senator, don't use the term "give back". It implies you owed something. You gave, and giving is admirable. 
We went to Mexico and did 120 CatSx last year but if I new Paducah was a third world country we would have gone there.
You are the man.
Having one's vision at risk is terrifying, and It's hard to explain to those who haven't faced it. Bless you.
God bless you Senator Doctor Rand Paul 
Nice Senator Paul!  As an MD you've got the best perspective on AHC replacement. Get other MDs in Congress on board.
I see.
Do not agree with you on that much but that is awesome Dr.
Good for you!
what a guy!  thank you for all you do!
We love you Senator Paul!!!
Great to have you in Paducah!!!
Very good...and totally in-character.  Someone has toot the horn 'eh?
thank you! You are a wonderful example of what "giving" means. I know your patients really appreciate what you're doing.
Good man.
we salute you! and we in AZ envy KY for having you as a great senator, much better than the losers we have here
Rand, could you spend more time doing your job? Like Tax Reform, Budget, The Wall, and Health Care. Thank you in advance.
Thank you for your contribution. But do you need to boast about it? Just wondering.
I'm not in a low-income position but I wish you'd performnmy cataract surgery!
I didn't know you are still a practicing doctor still
he does it 2-3 times a year. He even goes out of the country and does pro bono surgeries.
That's great, but you're needed back in DC to investigate #trumprussia & #russiantreason.  Be a patriot- your father would have.
There is no evidence
Get yer crow eating bib on, son.
Good Man!
Pretty cool Sir!! Thank you for helping those who can't help themselves!! 
Wow! Awesome!
Where's the socialist with a gun forcing you to do charity? /s
Giving your own horn a good toot, I see!
Toot toot
Thank you for that. Thank you also what you do in Guatemala. From a proud American with Guatemala heritage
Nicely done sir.
Great!  Glad to see u r working as usual.  Your cohorts could learn & should learn from your example.
Not how most people give charity, but hey whatever floats your boat
Thank you, this is inspiring! We however didn't learn of just how generous Prince was till after he passed away. #LetOthersSingYourPraises
That's great Senator But what this country needs is Medicare for all Medicare should be based on income Negotiate drug prices
https://twitter.com/politico/status/854380785184407552 …
Your President
.@realDonaldTrump blames Obama for allowing MS-13 gang to form in America http://politi.co/2oppreM  
- Just another reason to be proud of you, Senator Paul!!!
and just like in your district. Lots of needles but "needles" to say, good job, nonetheless
What? This makes zero sense.
Really, i would think more highly of you and your contributions if someone else had told me.
Rand does charity a little different from Bernie "no refunds" Sanders
That's amazing. What about Trump's Taxes?
You owe Susan Rice a full public apology
For what?
That's true public service!
You are a good man.
God bless you, ♡U in Christ.
I wish you would limit your medical expertise to ophthalmology and leave laws regarding Ob-Gyn matters alone.
Do a good "turn" in secret and have it found out by accident. #TaxReturns #Russia
Self congratulations is a bit cheap. All hail the great DR who gives back.
Very nice, but being a compassionate human with respect to EVERYONE would be a step further in the right direction!
sometimes i give a homeless person $1 so
well aren't you special.....  seriously -  thank you!
Excellent.  Good job.  Honestly.  How about a charitable investigation into Russia now? Emoluments?
imagine having to rely on charity to regain your eyesight, thank god I do not live in America
Good PR, however it shouldn't come from you. . ."let another man praise you and not your own lips. . ." Proverbs
nice 
Yet how blind you remain to the Apocalyptic Reality. SYRIA is the DAY. TURKEY will be the HOUR. IRAQ was the MONTH. KUWAIT was the YEAR:
Thank you for doing this.
Can you give better"VISION" to our leaders to see the way out of a world war?
If a Senator "gives back" in Kentucky and no one on Twitter is around to hear it, did it really happen?
In Australia we have single payer healthcare so people don't have to rely on sporadic gestures of charity.
You also have a immigration policy that stops all immigration from boat people.  Imagine paying for all their healthcare under single payer
Illegal immigrants aren't eligible for single payer. Do illegals over 65 in the US get Medicare?
A real man would of kept his good deeds to himself shameful self promoting
A real person would have a photo
I'm glad to hear this. As soon as you clean up, you need to apologize to Susan Rice. You made a serious accusation and you were  wrong.
Yes, I really do.
Such pretty words, you seem nice.
awesome
You're an amazing person.  I hope you'll be re-running for presidency in the future.
You do not need to "give back".  You did not take anything.  But we are thankful that you give!
We all *should* give back to our communities because they give us more than we could ever pay back. If you are a real sgt maybe we owe *you*
You go @RandPaul
#StandWithRand RAND MY FRIEND IS ON YOUR LIST PLEASE DONT FORGET ABOUTEM THXU
Are you serious? You just pop in to the clinic and do a celebrity surgery? Are you a superhero?
You have a dollar sign where an S should be 
the best guy 
