You have forgotten that Kentucky has a high percentage of people needing healthcare and Medicare. You refuse their calls.
insurance companies will always find ways to screw the people
improve what we have already
I know! You're going to replace it with "ThoughtsandprayersCare" like you use for gun violence? Does nothing but its free
With all respect Senator, completely remove ACA. Reinstate taxes for Medicare/Caid & special needs. Reglate Ins seperate
If you don't separate regulations for each Healthcare, Isnurance , and Pharma you bound the hands of American people.
The 10th amendment is a perfect example to use and compartmentalize different structures. ACA contradicts 10th amendment
We can't regulate insurance companies and Pharma in the same Bill as taxes for Medicare/Caid & special needs; its Marxism
Regulate pre existing conditions with a separate bill for Insurance Companies who rely on the U.S. dollar for ROI.....
ok, you have a plan?  Obviously not.
yeah that's not happening ahahaa
oh it's happening get ready
the fact that you wrote "I'm a real black... hahhaha wtf even!! Seems weird thing to write hmmmmmmm #fake
Granted you & the GOP had 6yrs to contemplate a replacement & yet  Americans have not seen evidence of a replacement
but you don't have a replacement for obama care. Repeal but you don't have an answer,yet.
come on repubs. Seriously? #notmyrepublicanparty #lostyourway #hypocrites
fix it Affordable-open state borders for competitive $-no preexisting illness-low out of pocket $-low prescription $
We pray that @SpeakerRyan & @MitchMcConell are listening. I fear history isn't on our side.  #repeal
repeal only with a replacement same ti e. Dont say you cant chew gum and walk at the same time
THANK YOU FOR FIGHTING THE GOOD FIGHT TO GET RID OF THE OBAMA DEATHCARE NIGHTMARE! WE NEED A COMPLETE KNOCK OUT! FIGHT!
Please make sure transparent medical costs are part of law. We need a Sunshine list in hospitals.
Repeal everything. Just add good parts to new ACA. Put stop to no notice for coverage/payments to start. Have menu select
Before we move onto the next steps of repealing, can someone tell us the replacement? Millions need to know what's coming
Unfortunately it's a race to replace before it collapse and people get hurt.
You lie and have no plan.  Go home.  You are not capable
So you FINALLY admit you have been twiddling your thumbs for 6 yrs! Great...
MORON trying to sell repeating excrement. Separate healthcare taxes from insurance and pharmaceutical regulations.
Rich people really hate paying for benefits for the poor.
I hope you pull out your check book and cover their bills too. Humanitarian that you are
You have years to do something, yet done nothing. You don't have a plan. Fix the broken parts and stamp your name on it.
it's got to be your way or none. This is the problem with this country. Rand try a compromise.
#StandWithRand
ALL Talk. No Action. ZZZzzzz
We need to get out of drug control treaties and have easier access to pharmaceuticals. Then, we need to address(cont)
(cont.) regulations on health care providers, like Paul, that raises the costs of health care.
For the love of God senator be careful. Make sure this repeal doesn't leave people out in the cold
otherwise you can kiss the House goodbye. None of us want that.
So glad this guy's my senator supporting my president! #MAGA 
Devil is in details Pauly. Give us details of your plan not generalities & nice sound-bites. What does it do for people?
Then what, haircut?
Yes, but, haters and fans alike were promised a replacement ready *before* a repeal. Let's slip the clutch a little...
and then what?
totally agree.
Make sure that in the rush you don't forget the "replace" part.
I don't think you are capable of a replacement. How will you justify health care lost for millions. Have at it
yes!!!
No repeal! Fix it!
Repeal and replace the same day. MAGA#
#bl bl bl b lbl b l
Obama care does not work.
AGREE
shows he could care less about those who have pre existing illness and those who couldn't get insurance before
so glad to here this!
I think liberal media is pushing ObamaCare too quickly. They would like nothing better if a rushed replacement failed.
People wanting handouts are the ones who want to keep it.  People with a brain know better.  Repeal Obamacare!
Just get rid of the mandates and let it fail.Those that are subsidized let them still be for limited time.Ins will drop.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS I agree, the whole AHA needs 2 b abolished, not just parts the whole damn thing
repeal it
@jtull17 @RandPaul Absolutely must be totally repealed.
Fully AGREE.. Stop wasting time with all the destractions and Get It DONE
Repeal Obama Care, repeal it NOW....DO NOT DELAY!!! Get rid of it all, PLEASE!!!
@tiffanylloree @RandPaul  don't talk about it , be about it.
Trump said he was going to cover more Americans for less.  How is that not another big government plan, Rand? O ya, lies.
cant wait until they shitcan the whole mess then obama will have 0
If it's falling apart, don't fix it, replace it with a system that works.
replace it with what?  The same health benefits you have? Which by the way is pay by taxpayers. Single payer, no less.
it's a ponzi scheme and we all know it as ACA
Thanks for standing up for what's right, your ideas  on Health Care should be implemented & costs would go down
keep ACA
USA can't afford it!!Companies,low cost employees,high cost(both copays and withdra premiums)bank involvement,bitting
RIGHT ON !! #REPEALANDREPLACE
Our CA business health insurance cost from 2014-2017 increased from $150k to $350k & much higher deductibles
good idea, and the greatest Republican party in history can do it.
when is this going to happen Im afraid this will go right pass you'll. Please hurry & get this taken care of
Dr Paul is always pushing back to greatness!
You are not a person who represents the interests of all Americans. Tell us what your plan is. You really don't have one!
If you can't be part of the solution, you are the problem. What about a full replacement with something better fuckhead!
from a business kept small due to Obamacare mandate please do not push on business. No way we could do it.
it wasn't unanimous!  you have nothing new and didn't  like it because it was Obama! Get over it! Sold your soul Trump.
kiss your pre-existing condition coverage goodbye, Trump voters!
usage a list of things we should repeal..  You, Pruitt & DeVos to make a few...
Repeal the whole damn thing and start over.
I agree get rid of it NOW ASAP
....Thank Goodness for the ACA....for Gods sake....you need to get down from the sky booth. Dude...think!
@realDonaldTrump rand you are and honest man straightforward you remind me of Carson and r good for the admin , rare
@realDonaldTrump Rand your always working & we like you , you actually r courageous and alot more like Trump than u know

Absa goddamn lutely.
#ThankYouRandPaul
@Patriot_Drew @RandPaul OMG just shred the stupid thing. So sick of talk about a socialist law!! @GOP @POTUS #CongressDoYourJob
Obamacare is only good in your own state, has high premiums and deductibles, and has very few doctors!
It has devastated in so many ways!  The PROMISE was to repeal it!
you must be repealed
Congress has voted for repeal over 60 times already, what was the replacement then?
Why don't people talk about WHY @Potus @realDonaldTrump REFUSES to arrest #GeorgeSoros?  Hmm?  @PrisonPlanet
@JoanneColombo @RandPaul what about pre-existing conditions?
seems like it is a very hard thing to do. I mean not even a TV ad with a good alternative
And then what?  No replacement plan, no senate seat for you, doc.
RT @FoxNews: .@RandPaul: "ObamaCare must be repealed. We can't do partial repeal. We have to do complete repeal."
Absolutely repeal the Obama lie start over make it affordable let the government be the reinsurer
@POTUS.   AGREE OBAMACARE MUST BE. COMPLETELY REPEALED!
oats are part of a complete breakfast...
~ I like you Rand but not with this ~
Dont let them cut Social Security and medicare the Government stole our s.s for there own use now new guy on want to cut.
why are you so concerned about Obama Care...yr sitting pretty good for life with an excellent HC and lifetime salary..
fox news is gonna make me regurgitate....unfollowed
all the desperate liberals whining. REPEAL IT. There's insurance companies out there with policies. Go BUY ONE.
You can't if you have pre-existing conditions, that's the point.
You should be repealed.  You must have been a lousy doctor as well.
ima guess Humana is lobbying Mr Paul big time
and then what? Give everyone in America a first aid kit and a Web MD subscription
Have you given anyone a complete replacement plan. Oh you still working on it. Mad cause Rep didnt do it 1st.#growup
in solidarity with all those citizens they "care" about.
yep, looks like the Health Insures got their claws in and wont let go. Everybody in congress should drop their healthcare
America turn into a circus with a pack of clowns in the White House. Sad
and then what?
Obviously you can afford medical health, twenty-five million Americans can't. Wake up jerk
we must get Obamacare and tax reform done first. MUST
let's here your plan. Insurance will go up every year still and premiums
Show me with what?, show me please,  you had 7 years of sitting on ur ass, please let me see something, do you have it?
 other first world country .. & who pays for Medicare? Certainly I don't think u do ..
Medicare taxes work
so is not FREE
Lots of ppl don't even know their coverage but spitting bs to get rid of something that benefits them, damn ignorant
 benefits them? Ahh the ones that have it for FREE! Ahhh! Got it now
why does it need to be repealed? Cuz the black guy wrote it? #racistcongress #whiteguysmakinglaws #whiteAmerica
That's bs. Fix the cracks, don't f**k up sh*t for ppl who need coverage just because Obama signed it. stupid reasons smh
FIX IT. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water.WHAT FOOLS theGOP are.They've whined for 8 years and DON'T haveAPlan
we will lose pre-existing conditions, rates will quadruple, our children won't be covered until 26, there will be a cap
I don't think we need a "comprehensive" replacement.
and replacing with what?
Excuse me.  What about replace? That should precede or be part of repeal! I thought you were better than this, seriously.
and millions will die. Thank you so much everyone that voted for Trump
I agree with you that partial repeal of ObamaCare is not okay.Don't do anything half fast--partial fix is not the answer!
You break it, you own it! Idiots have voted repeal for six years and don't have plan crazy GOP can support #dogcatchesbus
@POTUS RAND PAUL IS RIGHT don't listen to Paul Ryan Should also submit tax reform AT SAME TIME
It can't be repealed quickly enough.  What a mess thanks pelosi and schumer .
Than just do it
Tired of waiting 
You all had 8 years to appeal it
Rand Paul wlii take Health Care from Americans but He and the rest of the Politicians get theirs Free Paid by taxDollars
Real Americans totally agree & the sooner, the better for American CITIZENS, who also need tax reform across the board.
"Obamacare" it's not perfect but finally it's something,fix it tweek it,don't repeal it just to put your name on it
Save time and money by fixing an issues with the program. Repeal/Replace is only to get Obama's name of it.
more Paul  and less McCain is what our country needs. Same applies to air time.
so it's like never having a car, we get one it's not perfect but instead of fixing it we throw it away we all walk again
Broken Promise #1
I hope the status quo establishment and the rest of congress will listen to Raud Paul
you cannot do a complete repeal!  That will leave us in a heap of trouble  CA!! Representatives and Senators!!
True the Republicans  had 2 years to come up with  something in the stay in the Senate were are the ideas from then
FOX GAVE TRUMP FAKE NEWS.
The #Kentucky Redneck has spoken. I bet he is enjoying his free health insurance. Bastard!
the tiny shred of integrity u were clinging to was tossed out when u claimed party over country #doyourjob
.@FoxNews @RandPaul And we trust Rand Paul has replacement lined up. He needs to phone Paul Ryan for the fix.
the average American could NEVER save up enough $ in an HSA to battle a major illness! Pre-exist. cond. deserves coverage
#WhatTrumpSays works for me
Then do it....your in charge now. You've had years to plan. Do it
A thorough read of Paul's plan convinces me it's the best. @GOP needs to get off its rear and move on this now!
let's just partially nuke a city.
Obamacare started out reasonably priced but now it's sky high!!
Absolutely! Scrap the whole thing! Open health insurance to ftee markets. Buy only what you need! Keep government out!
how bad was health care before Obamacare & how bad is it now? Just let the free market resolve the issue.
then all the jobs would go over seas
make sure you tell your constituents that this is ACA. Don't want to confuse anyone.
has anyone brought in insurance company officials to ask them?
He still doesn't have a replacement that has similar coverage.
good luck randy
national lottery pay down national debt creates money for for health care programs etc.
I hope you have the votes.
YES! @randpaul
They want to raise the mortality rate among groups who are not useful to their business models. Its so true it's horrific
is horrific that ppl that paid $400 now pay $1000 or more & have + copay &+ deductible..
shut up you has been, freaky wigster.
: 
this from a phony physician who puts ideology above healthcare!
yay!!! Then people won't have health insurance. Great!!! Sad for them but good for Repubs!!! You go Paul!!!!
Yeah if we do a partial repeal, then some of the poor and sick may still have access and we can't have that. The GOP way.
Also that name has to go.
I know where Rand, Pence  and Trump got their idea for Trumpcare/GOP Genocide.
and arrest Obama for treason
@gop has no idea what they're replacing with yet, even after the years it's been in place, not a  damn clue
. Funny. Never had a plan inplace since they been talking that bullshit. Foxnews never ask the fuckers for one either.
Obama care needs a lot of improvement but better than what we had
So, your premiums, co-pays, and deductibles doubled or tripled like mine, did they?
look closer the insurance companies are screwing you , capatalism basically .
they been screwing us before President Obama
