keep in mind something to help THE PPL, not to line corporate pockets #wishfulthinking
.@Autum_B_C @RandPaul @freedomcaucus You know he's a dr right? Read his plan - it takes out govt ; monopolies. Insurers compete for your
yeah one who was never board certified
.@Autum_B_C @RandPaul @freedomcaucus Oh, well okay. That changes everything! God. Just read the plan - you look foolish bc you have no
who are you and why are you arguing with me on twitter? And republicans call liberals "crybabies"
.@Autum_B_C @RandPaul @freedomcaucus I'm trying to educate you so you understand what it is. Read it. Don't read it. Do what you want.
I've read enough. Disagree. It's possible to read it and not like it. Stance not changed.
.@Autum_B_C @RandPaul @freedomcaucus Well, if you think it's going to line corporate pockets, then that's on you for missing it. Oh well.
oh look, white men deciding things on women, minorities and the disabled.
.@CathesComicz @RandPaul @freedomcaucus If that's your only remark it's because you have nothing but to be angry bc there r no  vaginas.
if you want people to support your PAC, perhaps learn about us
.@CathesComicz @RandPaul @freedomcaucus My PAC is just fine. about who? Veterans? People who need healthcare? Cutting size of government?
don't know if you are bored, or just trying to get me to agree.
.@CathesComicz @RandPaul @freedomcaucus no not bored. Lol
Trying to show people who have an opinion but haven't read it yet that there might
so I am random person. Kind of puts my points out there further.
As long as ins companies and hospitals see profit your premiums will continue to rise. Your plan=
.@RHydeKYliberal @RandPaul @freedomcaucus Did you read his plan? I'm thinking you didn't.
He's my Senator, Of course I read his plan. He's had the same one for awhile. It's terrible.
Are you a Healthcare lobbyist?
.@RHydeKYliberal @RandPaul @freedomcaucus to afford insurance that the govt made me take and took away my options.
free market and corporate corruption did that for you:
We're praying that you STAND AGAINST TRUMP before Bannon usurps Congress's power (perhaps violently).
why do you only cater to theRICH YOU AND DRUMPF ARE GOING TO KILL PEOPLE WE CANT AFORD HSA KENTUCKIANS WILL DIE
republicansworkedtomake aca unaffordableandlimited informationand access.Howdoesthefreedom caucus respond?
it's funny because you're literally trying to take away affordable healthcare from thousands of people
It's almost like you need some kind of act to give health care that is affordable. I've got it! The Health Affordable Act of Care.
I like Senator Rand Paul's plan. Rents and premiums are killing us. We need options like Paul's plan permits.
Are there literally no women in positions of power in your government .. meetings of wall to wall penis
I hope you convince them Rand! I read your plan & it looks like a nice smooth transition back to market based care.
there is no 'free market' in healthcare, demand is inelastic. Hard to price show while bleeding
All that would happen is companies would all go to the state with the lowest tax rate
There's nothing stopping them from doing that now
State regulation stops it. "Federal over reach" allows interstate sales.
State regulation can't stop a business from pulling out of a state entirely
The across the state line sales are about removing State-based regulation.
Why replace? Insurance is a financial product. Let the market determine the policies people want.
@realDylanAllman @freedomcaucus Sure, but we must not increase taxpayer funded abortion. We should eliminate it.
I sincerely hope you lose a shit load of sleep when people start dying because you're stealing their healthcare...
.@HawkfanM @RandPaul @freedomcaucus You haven't read the plan. HAHA Read the plan. It won't kill anyone or take away anyone's. Grow up and
Let's REPEAL ACA FIRST and NOW!! #Trump #MAGA #2A
let's make sure we don't hurt those were trying to help! Slow and steady on this one.
Hmm, so wait and see whether the #GOP in Congress trip over themselves, as usual #MAGA
nope, keep moving forward but ensure we don't hurt those we are trying to protect
I agree with your heart, but what's the strategy? #Trump #MAGA #2A
keep what works, renegotiate insurance & pharma contracts to bring down premiums
and leave the existing ACA text in place? No. Way Too Complex #Trump #MAGA #2A
of course not, simplify and streamline, again it was written by insurance companies
Man, I hate how you adopt leftist terminology. It's not the government's job to "provide" healthcare.
can we see it?
Please come up with a plan that actually helps people instead of lining pockets of already rich folks. We need you.
Youcant fix what was designed to fail. Repeal and replace.
I sure hope you guys actually fix it and REPLACE with something that will help all Americans.
.@badfeministmama @RandPaul @freedomcaucus Read his plan. It takes out mandates and the insurers compete for our business.
read his plan.  So far, I don't hate it.
I watched some of your videos on YouTube about the nonsense spent in the new budget+3 mil
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/trump-mar-lago-taxpayers-234562 …
That's 3 million. & 7 million for Thanksgiving alone. No 44 debate while there's 2 places for housing
Kentucky Christians are ANGRY at Trump and Bannon's Travel Ban it affects us!  Defend us or we find someone else!
Please include a means for people with pre existing conditions to receive affordable care
Define prexisting. Is it irresponsible people who don't want to pay for insurance until they're sick?
Are YOU going to switch to your proposed healthcare plan? Or naw? 

 @RandPaul @MarkSanford @freedomcaucus
Please fix it but leave it alone.
Love your ACA replacement plan, please add funding of HSA via IRA, we already paid SS and medicare taxes on.
You know what would be better then repealing it? Improving it!!!!!!!.
Freedom ya right!  @RandPaul Be more like John McCain against Bannon and I'll be singing your praises in KY!!
Here's an idea: Congress, senate, gvt employees pay for their own healthcare.
Please restore #NorthernKentucky coverage at #CincinnatiChildrensHospital
Audit the FED and abolish it. Abolish the EPA. Work with Trump
Does your "affordable health care" plan cover women in any way, or is this simply a plan for men only?
.@Lllleahpet @RandPaul out the mandates and fines and letting the insurers compete for your business.
You guys aren't even including token women or people of color. Maybe not pretending is more honest.
.@LandisWeaver @RandPaul @NormBChamp @freedomcaucus What? The freedom caucus is a group - it's not their fault no women or black people
Love your ACA replacement plan, please add uninsured costs limits to medicare rates, guarantee via social security
If you vote to confirm Session or Devoes, you WILL NOT win reelection in 2022.  You are a better man than this.
anxious to see your Healthcare Sustainability Act (HSA) protecting the health of all Americans. Best of luck
@DeanClancy @freedomcaucus Appreciate all you do Sen Paul, but 1st thing I noticed was your shoes. Isn't there a shoe shine in DC?
why cant Americans have the same plan you all do?  Make that happen.
it better be more than those STOOPID medical savings accounts!
Prob:U elites pushd 'remove/replace' What American told U come take over my health care. play the game
.@RandPaul @freedomcaucus This is the plan, @SenateGOP  @SenateDems !
Listen to your constituents for once! #RandAid
why are you supporting nationalized health care?   That's not a symbol of freedom, but fiscal chains on us.
Putin is shelling an independent nation #UkraineCrisis Let Trump know he needs to assist #Ukraine not #Russia
No prob fixing what's broken. Be sure to keep what folks like! No preconditions, lifetime caps, spikes...
Well make sure EVERYONE can still get health care that is affordable.  We don't want a 50 cent voucher either.
Keep your eye on Bannon & Miller & Flynn
You've done a reasonable job given the limited amount of time and resources Senator, I thank you.
when did you stop being your brothers keeper
hey, just change the name to Trumpcare and declare victory.  You constituents won't known.  Save some lives.
@POTUS 
 Figure out how to improve on the problems in ACA --do not scrap it. You will make things worse.
someday you'll share a detail or two like HOW you'll do this right?
trying to get aca specifics from our rep Brat 7th dist va. No luck yet. We need a replacement before we dump it counting on you!
hey guys I actually did work today and delivered cost savings....because I didn't sit around bs'ing like you guys
The people of your state are benefitting from the ACA. Don't use term "obamacare" to scare them.
oh good i'm glad only wealthy white men are on the case
.@creagheadco @RandPaul @freedomcaucus They're a group in the Senate. It's not their fault women didn't join. They're discussing the plan.
love to have dental with implant coverage and vision.
Seems like there are more pressing issues than Obamacare right now, doesn't it? Like autocracy? You care at all?
so WTF is it? Let the poor people die if they get sick?
.@daenku32 @RandPaul @freedomcaucus HAHAHA How about you try reading it and educating yourself before making dumb statements in public
there is nothing to read. GOP has nothing to vote on.
.@daenku32 @RandPaul @freedomcaucus are you serious? Do I need to send it to you to read so you know what you're talking about?
sure, since it fits in 140 chars.
At least it's a start in right direction limiting good gov requirements even pre existing conds will stop insurers
yeah yeah...what's the plan???
move over tea party,the resistance has outnumbered u &sadly it's time 2 take sides in a very profound &stunning way
your plan provesU JUST DONT GET IT.U just don't UNDERSTAND THE PLIGHT , our right to health care.i don't want 2 die
better healthcare for USA should not include monopoly protection and exemption from US pricing laws

Great job Rand. Let's get yours through!
if anyone can its Rand Paul.
.@RandPaul @freedomcaucus we want more #freemarket in #healthcare NOT less! More competition. Higher quality service at lower cost!
show us the plan then
Let's get it done correctly!
selling your soul to insurance company kickbacks looks like such a good time!
Boy, y'all seem truly gleeful to kill so many of us by gutting ACA and preexisting conditions clause. Kudos, mfer
Good to see the senate working on a replacement but repeal through reconciliation is too risky. We need a bipartisan bill.
...Please Hurry,  I Can't Afford Deductible  Right Now. Can I Borrow $5,500?? My Family And I (3 per) Will Die W8tg
put women in this discussion!
thanks
nice job Dr. Paul. It's a good day in America, with Obamacare on it's way out and @repMickMulvaney on his way in!
nice job Dr. Paul. It's a good day in America, with Obamacare on it's way out and Mick Mulvaney on his way in!
nice job Dr. Paul. It's a good day in America, with Obamacare on it's way out and Judge Gorsuch on his way in!
nice job Dr. Paul. It's a good day in America, with Obamacare on it's way out and Audit the Fed on it's way in!
All we need is a damned PUBLIC OPTION!!! Why were Republicans so against that in the first place?
Questions:1.Preexisting condition, covered or not? 2.If #HealthCare where Civil Right,would your plan be different?
Howdoes your plan work Rand?
not gov job to provide healthcare. Gov needs to get out of way allow competition and malpractice limits
you should debate Sanders instead
@johnone2345 @freedomcaucus take out the mandatory so people aren't fined and make if affordable..1300-1500 a month ?? Yikes
Yes, please, work on healthcare reform!
go Rand go!
You go Paul, hope you can get this done quickly.
it better be affordable or you'll never hear the end of it
"Old white guys thinking hard."
Great work Mr. Paul
high risk pools are not the answer
eliminate price gouging of prescription drugs.
@SpeakerRyan Yay!! Way to go. Give us a plan.
you know that access to health care is not the same be care full not to kill Americans we will be watching
find a way to get everyone on board
THANK YOU SENATOR PAUL!!!  WE LOVE YOU!!!
@SithJeep @freedomcaucus I like this plan.
How about a single payer plan? Everyone is covered, no one left out.
has the GOP looked at Australia's style of both private and single payer safety net?
where can read your plan Dr. Paul?
Hint: Don't let insurance writers create the bill this time.
get to work on the Carers Act get it passed. Medical cannabis is part of health care. Time to act is now.
be fearless and take this opportunity to give Americans what we deserve with wonderful healthcare best in the world
Lets trigger some Leftist
Are y'all going to force it on us like Obama? If so what make you any different than him?
please fix that broken thing
vouchers are not a replacement plan
Yes. And please get moving, quit wasting time, and repeal ObamaCare today!
Do a good job. We are all watching because, for some Americans its life, or death.
I wonder how many people will die or go bankrupt as a result?  #BloodOnYourHands
Healthcare≠Insurance. Contemporary healthcare is a service agreement. Docs/Hospitals should be able to offer plans.
.....They Do Sort Of For Employees of Medical Health Systems in NYC.
But also, we need to stop equating healthcare with insurance, typically reserved for catastrophic loss.
just let the competitive market make it happen
Please, no socialized medicine!  Look at the co-ops.  If we do help the poor, give them co-op vouchers.
is it single payer! It'd be super cool if it was single payer.
Let's get the cabinet in place to move forward. It's only hurting the PEOPLE. #SUPPORTTRUMPNOMINEES
Dr helping patients succeed in dying good job Paul. You know majority this help is poor and minority's.
#StandWithRand plz let's do Rand enact u got my blessing
YOu have been add if for six years and you still have nothing.
so glad to see you working on this. Keep up the good work! We are counting on you!
this is a great plan!
YES
I guess we all have our priorities! I use to respect you Sir. #Constitutionalcrisis
what r u doing about Medicare part D, doughnut hole?
Call it what it is - The Affordable Care Act! "Obamacare" is just manipulative propaganda!
How I wish @RandPaul was our Pres instead. Thank you Sen; I look forward to hearing what you and @freedomcaucus come up with.
simple way to make a viable solution.  Make Congress subscribe to whatever crap you devise for the serfs.
"the common people don't care what games the high lords play"...just send us the bill, as always ;)
Pre existing condition is like a house on fire to an insurance company.  Those need to go in a pool.
Fire the VA
Let the fired VA workers compete for jobs in a market of V1-B Visas
Vets better with the new oh care
...to fewer people.
I was ins agents or adjuster 40 yrs. We have risk pools in fire and auto for uninsured paid for by ins companies.
#GETERDONE
Crazy that there used to be this thing called the Affordable Care Act that did just that
you mean the unaffordable care act that was more expensive than my mortgage?
i would ask the question "can non business entities" start their own ins groups? @RandPaul @freedomcaucus
maybe the same idea of "shop herder" floated by the left for ACA, is no different than shop longer floated by GOP,
You go Rand Paul!
does it involve policing my uterus?

You seem like the only one doing anything. All this talk for years give us the house, then give us the senate, etc.
many people are uncovered now. They already have bad plans. STOP DRINKING THE KOOL-AID PLEASE.  Geez
If you are not unnerved about the re-writing of rules and procedures, then your not for law and order.
and revoke FINES THE OBAMA CARE IMPOSSED!!! Ask Medical professionals too! Please
the biggest problem with this picture is the size of the room. We need more to stand with the caucus!
keep it up Dr @RandPaul . Proud of you
#Medicare4All is definitely the most affordable for everyone except doctors who want to make 1M/yr 20 hrs/wk
Medicare/Medicaid are a big part of the problem. They pay providers poorly so they jack up their rates
also poorly managed, not properly audited, etc. I've worked in healthcare and been on Medi-Cal. Mess.
let's dump ACA b/c it isn't affordable. Gave best EE a raise. Now she can't afford HC ins. Will B payn penalty.
Thank you Senator. Of the plans I've seen or heard rumors about, yours in the only one that is truly responsible.
I completely support you in your endeavor to replace the ACA as long as it includes affordable healthcare for ALL.
affordable to who?
how about you say it's a states matter and free them up to solve issue in there own ways.
How?
guys get some ART for those walls...
Authorization to audit the Fed would look smashing.
