SUNDAY on #FNS: Guest anchor, @JohnRobertsFox, speaks exclusively with Senator @RandPaul (R-KY). 
Senator Rand Paul is genius. Great interview...Socialism vs Capitalism.
Stand up for us and the POTUS. You can be part of the solution or problem.
the whole system is a joke. over 100 trillion in unfunded liabilities. Money and balance budgets are not even possible. just passing debt
TRAITOR Rand Paul joined Demoncrats in an amendment that ties President Trump's hands in fighting Isis and other Jihadist organizations.
Sen Paul the issue with healthcare will never be fixed if we return to the policy of intentionally shipping jobs overseas st workers exp
2016 Natalia Veselnitskaya Defense Atty #FusionGPS versus #PreetBharara #MuellerInvestigate #SteelePortfolio #DNC #Podesta #UkraineCollude
We need to get this message out so Amer Voters understand why we have such a mess.
Out healthcare system is employer based and with rep and Dem leadership for past 30 years doing bad trade deals it has broke healthcare
USA happy anniversary help me I expose to anyone international interests and Greece get exposed by me so bad.spills my name Greece
Keep up the great work. You have Trumps attention - now you can really help him  #MAGA. Praying for you Senator Paul.
You have too much common sense and talent to ever become POTUS in todays America. Shame
I LIKE YOUR IDEAS RAND!!!
No thanks!
You gonna defend for profit healthcare until half this fucking country is dying from dysfunction^
Don't take my line away I've been using selective amnesia to describe Republicans' actions for months. Learn and get your own phrase.
Rand it's Time for a Term Limits... America is Tired Of Career Criminals serving 20 years as Congressperson and Senators
Let's find out who murdered Seth Rich!
Rand hates his district. Delete Obamacare? KY will lose
You were great (despite the mic problems)!  Your plan is the best!

https://twitter.com/forpotus45/status/884069045921861632 …
Please give me your mailing address. I'm in the doctors office and told them you are paying the bill.
https://www.facebook.com/JeanMarcHenryOff/ …
#25thAmendmentNow
@RandPaul thinks H/C can be profitable & insurance cheaper when average H/C COST per person in life is between 100K and 500K !! Show math !
I hope they ask you about an amendment you voted for which will limit President Trump's authorization of force against Jihadist groups.
Trump has changed this but after trump if we return. To trade deals designed to send jobs overseas none of healthcare options will work

Vote for TRUMP'S plan
WE NEED TO ARREST THE TREASONOUS TRAITOR OBAMA!!
There is no valid reason why #Obama is meeting w/ So. Korean President other than INTERFERENCE w/ @POTUS Trump & USA's Agenda!

…
Smartest man in my room
Listening, more stonewalling.  U guys are ridiculous on this.
Then I will be watching.  And if they would lose Wallace I would watch every week.
Seems more embarrassing than anything...
You dodged @johnrobertsFox question on cancelling your August Senate break. You're just a Grand Stander and you'll never be President.

You should retire and join @FoxNews. @SenateMajLdr  should just retire.  
Neither of you seem to understand the needs of your state.
PASS a healthcare bill.   This American voter expects you to negotiate and pass healthcare!!
Please just get out of the insurance business!
If Parrot head McConnell would just look like a pure repeal was being discussed, Chuck-You Schumer would be begging to keep the current bill
You refused to answer John's question about Trump's vicious tweeting. Be a man, take a stand. Don't call yourself a Republican any longer.
Save our democracy from the orange dictator.
Please impeach trump
Excellent interview. You're the only one I've heard tell the truth about health care.  And YES, let's have that debate socialism vs republic
Thanks Rand for staying conservative! Tell those others that we voted them in so they would actually Repeal this!
Hey Rand how about doing the country a solid and calling the Predisent and telling to act his age for us? #25thAmendmentNow #bananarepublic
Agree to repeal ... then all will have to come to the table to deal. Insurance lobby can take a vacation- y'all need to stay!
Good job on FOX News Sunday RP. The capitalism vs socialism should be explained and emphasized.
Again great that you have time for TV but none for your constituents. #termlimits should start with you and McConnell. #TownHall #kochboy
Fox the real fake news channel should be dull and uninformative
Why don't you go on CNN and voice your opinions
https://www.gofundme.com/42r8qeg 
Sorry, I'm done listening to your BS. Save it man. You're just working as hard as possible to f*ck US so you and your mean girls get richer
What's with the GOP and Fox News?  People despise that newsgroup, not CNN. They are considered the Kings of fake news or slanted.
You know your stuff, doing a damn good job,keep it up,all for helping all Americans that need it, the rest of the country needs private ins.
@JohrobertsFox is @FOXNEWS fake news reporter & #ChrisWallace is their fake news anchor.
Great job today!!! 
That WWE comment by @CharlesHurt is way off No matter your political leanings WWE demo has a wide berth for viewership
Did you see what your paid for President tweet? More distractions. What a disgrace! He has degraded the office! And the USA.
Remember, we only talk in wrestling gifs now.
The headline is Fox DumbFest. Alternative title: Fox LieFest. It should be with a warning: Brain Cell killer and take your anti-puke meds.
Remember that you're represent KY, not happy with you and DT you both don't care about the ppl. Get you out of DC along withDT will come
Join America and repeal obamacare with anything or nothing Or You are a liar
Discuss term limits, please.  Do America a favor.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
#RepealAndReplace
Gonna talk about taking peoples health care away?
You were great
Is Rand really wanting to replace? Or does he just really want to keep? It seems to be his way or hwy. Not willing to work on replace
Less talking to the media and more time on replacing Obamacare.  That's what we need....  Prioritize that action, THEN talk after!
Thank God jerk Chris Wallace is off! He should be gone!
Repeal Obamacare and replace with nothing. Stay strong!
Great job this morning.  Hope your peers are listening.  Kudus from GA

Repeal Obamacare. Just revert back to the way it use to before Govt got involved.
free loaders are for going back to ER care and leaving tax payers with the bill because they not mandated to pay their way again.. Dumb!
FAKE NETWORK! FAKE SENATOR.
Repeal and Replace 
No replacement. Just #FullRepeal. Insurance was much cheaper before the current law. No govt involvement in healthcare
Yes it was, much better care. Govmt does a great job 4 our vets, right!
hmmmm   Fox, huh?  Good cover, dude
What happens to the millions that are sick and disabled?
if they really can't work and are sick, they will be cared for if Legal residents in America- but freeloaders destroying our healthcare!
How are you feeling about our prez as of late ? Proud ?
If it does not get completed with tax reform the party fails.
#AsBadAsTrump
Only watching to hear .@RandPaul
I voted for rand Paul in Senate race. He's my role model.
Yea be a suck up too fox news the fake news an lies
3/4 of America is not turning in to brainwashing FOXNews taking insurance away from Americans is deadlysinful Rand Paulshame on you

Looking forward to this very much.Thx for the heads up.So wish YOU were my Senator,or even more successful in your POTUS run. Love ur stance
We love the great work you are doing, Rand.
Do a full repeal. Get the govt out of healthcare. And free Fannie and Freddie
thank you again sir, for standing up for the citizens and making sure they don't destroy the best health care in the world.
 I'll be watching... convince your cowardly friends in the Senate and House to Repeal and then Replace #Obamacare . The country needs you.
Do everything you can to convince McConnell to repeal Obamacare now and replace it later!
Rand, at some point the Republicans have to get something done. Repeal ACA, Dodd Frank & lower taxes. #timeisrunningout
Will do
Time to unveil your single payer plan?

Please repeal Obamacare. Do a H.bill later or just get out and send back to States.
They need to let O Care completely dissolve. But, I like the option of Government staying the hell away from health care Insurance!
You all do a tremendous amount of interviews with the media. Meanwhile our country is standing still because nothing is getting done! 
It's not because of @RandPaul ...from the start he has been consistently honest and right about what to do with #Obamacare .
What does getting on the news have anything to do with getting work done? How do you get work done by talking to the media? Confused?
“I haven’t achieved anything in my life unless I have another electronic gadget.”
You had better not repeal without a progressive solution , Rand. That would be gross negligence.
Sorry, analysis unsound, see Locke. 'Rights' only limits on what govt can do 2 individuals. Not what some can force others to do for them.
Should be an intellectual fiesta!
Not sure where you came up with that half baked idea!
