Keep pushing Sir.
get a grip.. he is just a No Boy
I don't think our troops need to be overseas for years and years fighting a war that will never end.
TY for continuing to stand on principle!  Even when the odds of winning are slim, but you got #Senators on record!
We're tired of them not listening but at least we still have a voice with you. You aren't my senator,  you are our senator, stay the course.
Get a grip
When corporationss who manufacture arms to kill people have political influence  in this country, people still think we live in a democracy?
Actually,  no.   We live I  a Republic
That is nitpicking.  Regardless of what you want to label orcall it, we live in a warfare/welfare police/surveillance state.
Pls keep fighting. I really don't see Americans want wars. Trump is volatile & should not be given pass on Constitution. #StopYemenGenocide
The war is on going, President Trump inherited this mess! The bigger problem is we are losing!
He ran 4 POTUS knowing about all the wars so that is not a logical defense. Trump CAN end war in Yemen He can not sell weapons 2 Saudi
So the Russians or Chinese will sell the weapons to Saudi Arabia. Your response is short sighted at best!
So all the civilian deaths, famine, cholera, loss of hospitals, schools, food sources are all fine long as we get the money? Shameful.
You seem to think that if we step back everything will be all rainbows and unicorn farts! It won't.
I don't care 2 get into debate BUT Yemeni civilians are being killed. Over 12000.
Violation of International Rules of War. We r complicit.
Get some work done that will counts Randy.  We have big issues to address and you are hollering about something else.  REALLY?
As a liberal, there's very little I agree with you on, Senator Paul, but thank you for being the one reliable anti-war vote in the Senate.
We'll,  he isn't anti-war so much as he is pro contistution.
In this context, the result is the same. I'll take it.
Great speech senator. Keep up the fight for the Constitution and individualism.
I'm not a fan of yours but Thanks for your efforts against "their president "
Congress shall declare war? Nothing on WHY it should declare war. A blank invitation to declare war, for no reason or any reason? 
the only to take advantage was Obama
I am starting to think Rand Paul is like a sinus infection that won't go away
Because he wants he wants Congress to do its job?  We don't need endless wars. I stand with Rand.
I agree with the endless wars fight but you can't just pack up and leave
No winnable solution
Right. Lets all pray for our troops and may they come home without harm.
Agreed 
Republicans (majority) doing nothing to stop abortion, yet are always ready for war. Reps. seem to care little for LIFE, LIBERTTY & PEACE.
Next Pres. election '20 how many of us in America will write-in RAND PAUL's name? Pres. Jimmy Cartrer's recent remarks re oligarchy correct
So how'd that vote go?
at least there was a vote whether Congress should have to approve war; but a deep dialogue must  take place which often is absent.
Good Luck on this issue Sen Paul! I agree that our country should never go to war unless voted on by Congress!ThankU!Please keep on this!
By the time congress agreed on anything we would all be DEAD!!!!!!!
#StandWithRand
Thank you Senator!!
It took bravery to bat for Americans and strive for peace and end war. Keep striving truth and liberty and justice for all
The 61 against should be named as it is time they are help accountable for their actions. I would guess AZ senators are among the 61
Other Senators figure that they wont look bad to their base if its the President who starts war! Now with this vote they are accountable!
I see who voted with you....hummm
PLEASE b flexible on #healthcare. Or end up w/corrupt #govt social #medicine w/o #innovation & #quality of care. 

TRUST @MatthewBevan
Hey Rand how about you impose TERM LIMITS With his do nothing congress
Thanks Sen. Paul an Rep. Gabbard for forcing this. Now we know the bribed Senators by the killing machine, favoring war profit over life
65 senators with their pockets lined with Military Industrial Complex bribes. #draintheswamp
Congress would endlessly debate and some libertarian jackass would obstruct based on HIS morals. No, President needs to quickly declare.
Based on your first sentence regarding "enforce, obey...the constitution", It is clear we have 100 people in one building breaking the law.
I'm wondering why Mr RINO Rand Paul didn't have an issue with this for 16 yrs till now?
Keep fighting the good fight!
Never give up Senator. You are right and others should voice their support too @OurRevolution @BrandNew535 @justicedems
I support your stand!
#rand2020
Rand, Why dont u investigate this and stop it? I am sure the people that wrote the constitution didn't expect lobbyist running our country?
"progressives" one and all.  We need Americans in DC, not more "progressives"
Wow. Why would they do that?
Here's the list of the 61 senators who voted to continue wars.
So you forced them  ?
AND THE NAMES OF THE 61 SENATORS TO VOTED AGAINST, ARE:????

Thank you!
Rand Paul is about the only republican I respect. Don't always agree with him but when I do I really do. I would have voted for him over hrc
Congrats to one who remembers our Constitution and core national values, and proves it in leading by example! @RandPaul deserves support!!
Shame on our Congress. R's and D's alike. Thank you for your efforts. #AmericanTerrorism
Hey Sen. I want good, cheap, health insurance like you get also.
You have great ideas just never the votes. What are you really accomplishing?
He's exposing the frauds and reminding America of how far we've drifted away from what's right.
We have lost freedom of the press, freedom of speech,the right to peaceably assemble, right to privacy&habeus corpus "New American Century."
My problem is Congress can always be pushed by disaster like Lusitania & Pearl Harbor. Germans should have won WWI, (1)
If Germans had won WWI, we wouldn't have had Commies or Hitler. Woodrow Wilson & his minions made Lusitania sink w/ Americans on board (2)
Woodrow Wilson allowed Lusitania 2 sink w/ Americans on board so Congress would finally declare war. Same w/ FDR & Pearl Harbor. Lost lives
Thanks @RandPaul for standing up for the Constitution on the war issue.
Do not give up NOR give in. We HAVE to turn this around @RandPaul A lone voice can become a chorus. We MUST never give in against #tyranny!
End the Zion wars!!!
@SteveDaines failed conservatives today
Every congress critter not standing with @RandPaul needs to be fired. This is what  #DrainTheSwamp means, or it is meaningless.
@RonPaul was correct.
@RandPaul is much to kind to call them all out, but I'm not. Your neocons and neoliberals voted Yea
#IstandwithRand
Heartbreaking
thank u Senator. You are the best we have.
How did senator Harris from California vote.
Good job get the Senators on the record. It is the beginning of building a case for a better nation.

Rand-get healthcare and taxes done-then grandstand!
This was killed for 1 reason, The Senate does not trust itself to do their job and properly define the scope of military operations.
The Constitution says a lot of other shit too. Why this and why now? JAIL THE SWAMP. I'm tired of you "conservatives" sitting on your asses.
Good job rand..keep it going
SAD! How they SUPPORT WAR but NOT OBAMACARE REPEAL! That is the way how shadow government works CORRUPTING lawmakers for money and power!
It is so absolutely sad that the US Constitution is irrelevant
Well done Rand @RandPaul
Neoliberal-neocon establishment always makes sure that there are always enough votes to make sure endless wars never end.
We must restore powers to the legislative branch or we are doomed.
Great victory for 35.
@SenCortezMasto wants military industrial money without having to vote for the wars. #doyourjob
thank you for fighting sir
Weasels just gotta weasel!
The only way to break the back of the MIC is to encourage people not to join and give them knowledge that you are expendable to them.
#Nevada @SenCortezMasto voted to authorize the prez to make war #NeoCon #undeclaredwar Democrats only pretend to be anti war.

3rd party time my brother. What 2-3 other "republicans" followed and most dems are just anti Trump? We need true parties
What if you are on another month long recess and say NOKO/Iran launches a nuke at us? Wait for you to do something 7 yrs later like R&R?
California is now official a one-party, Socialist State. Courts communist as well, any dissenting vote is being dismissed by the Courts.
WE ARE AT WAR WITH RADICAL ISLAMIST TERRORISTS. THEY JUST KEEP MOVING AROUND!
How do they look in the mirror each morning and not see the demigods they've become?
Now we need 2 wait until 2018 when the awakened voters will repeal and replace elements in Congress hostile to American people.
Constitution gives the Commander in Chief power to act for 90 days before you all start your debates/votes/filibusters/polling/focus groups!
I applauded your father as he continued to stand for the Constitution, I am pleased I can applaud you as well. Well done!
Thanks Rand! Keep up the good work
You guys will not take decisive action when Kim rains nukes or EMP on US. No country takes US seriously ehen her POTUS can't act.
I think there should be a compromise here.  In certain situations it may not be prudent to wait for congress to assemble.
Thank you for standing up for what is right.
They will never be able to live in any kind of peace with ISIS and Taliban in Control , they fear for their life's and afraid to go against
Have to end this WAR with ISIS and the Taliban and I'm not saying pull out. People in these Country's are terrified of these people.
Open ended abdication of the Senate's duty is a violation of the Constitution both in letter and spirit.
Good job and thank you for standing up for Constitutional order and #Peace
Surprise, the war is still going on and they are winning!
Senator the whole gov is a joke an illusion. You should get out while you can before the swamp smothers you. They couldn't give me that job

Today senator rand Paul is too dumb to run his own twitter, I can run my own twitter and I'm 4 years and 5 months old! Old man doodle head 
Those 35 Senators are Real Americans. List them and say their names often, so WE can support them in their re-elections. Dump the others.
What's up with the so called GOP Senators from KY obstructing or limiting @POTUS Trump. Sick of it- losers
Good for Senator Rand, its about time Congress was expected to do what they are expected to do!!! which hardly ever happens !!!
How could your colleagues justify their votes AGAINST this?
will you sue to have the SCOTUS hear on Constitutionality of continue passage of this cr@p?
So much respect 4 you Sen Paul !! TY 4 speaking up 4 checks&balances & effort 2 stop these #EndlessWars! Crossing party lines 4 peace!
Given the nature trans global nature of the enemy, that's the war that's been hoisted on us. Different from WW I & WW II
Where nations were heing fought and not an ideology.  Adopt WW II mindset Germans / Japanese bad & apply to the practitioners of Islam
#istandwithrand
YR A DEMOCRAT IN DISGUISE
YR A FRAUD
YR A TRUMP HATER
YR EVERYTHING TRUMP SUPPORTERS HATE
A WASHINGTON SWAMP RAT
65 votes for the #militaryindustrialcomplex #DeepState 35 votes/members to vote for further offices of #ConstitutionalConvention
Issue presented and voted by Senate.  NEXT...
Today, Jack McGuire decided never to tweet in the third person again.
Another confirmed sighting of 61 swamp creatures in DC.
Thank you for making this stand Senator Paul. Even though it didn't work this time you are making people think about the issue.
Thank you Sen. Paul for your leadership on this pressing issue. Keep fighting for peace. #IStandAgainstWar
Thanks for doing at least one thing you and I agree on. Power to declare war is with congress, not the President.
You guys are so manipulated ,with washed Intel you couldn't make an informed decision,to enter Iraq.
If only 60% would do the right thing!!!
Don't even talk about Congress doing its job, while we still have that disgusting, *intentional* wealth redistribution scam of an ACA.
You do this a lot and it goes nowhere. Any ideas about passing real legislation?
. Senator Paul showed his true colors, he lacks logic & has no loyalty to we the ppl or the military. #AUMF
Thank you Rand for understanding the Constitution!
You are so awesome for your constant support to our precious constitution. Wish you were an advisor to a President Trump
Shameful that only 35 Senators vote to uphold the Constitution.
Problem is at the rate you work we would be overrun before you coted
Oops spell check. VOTED
You need to stand down and step out of your spot light ... you know... the one you keep stepping into for attention
Senator, so Congress will be to blame if No Korea nukes us???
Do you think that's how WE declare war, by north Korea bombing us?
Take names and remember at next election cycle and keep watch against Election Theft & Voter Fraud so they can't steal it
Very swampy voting...
Keep going Senator. I just have to believe there are more than just a few with principles.
Absolutely agree with Congress war authority . I also believe that the congress as it sits, deciding war/no war  horrifying!
Interesting, 61 Senators have demonstrated that they are too cowardly to have an open debate on whether the US should be at war.
Thank you for your service Senator...
thank you Rand
«A thousand years hence, perhaps in less, America may be what England now is... inimitable virtue...» — Thomas Paine https://quod.lib.umich.edu/e/ecco/004829307.0001.000/1:3?rgn=div1;view=fulltext …
The Globalist Warmongers had to crawl out of the wood for a vote.
Well go ahead and write up a real Bill to go through Committee(s) and get to the floor for a vote. Not ChickenS*** Amendment stuff! Sheesh
Did they dump it all on Trump to be able to use it against him should he screw up or are they that constitutionally naïve?  
so 61 senators voted to break the law and not follow the constitution as they took an oath. They should all be removed from office.
No more hiding behind the constitution for any one of the 61 MIC-bought Senators.
Sorry senator i was hopeful for your bill, not many of your brethren believe in the Constitution...
You can lead a horse to water.........guess we need to give candidates Constitution tests before we nominate & elect them.
You are finished ! Get use to practicing medicine
We now know which of the senators are for war and those who are against war. Thank you Senator Paul.
Keep fighting on for the young men and women who die in vain, and keep the Constitution of the United States as supreme in your thought.
#NomoreWar
Come you guys, can't you at least wait til we get Assange help? Trump seemed to be his only change here 
There you have it. 61 Senators that don't give a DAMN about America or American lives. These lowlifes need to be replaced !!
Timing.
Here are the traitors who voted against you.
In red or blue?
I vote that we make the house and senate fight to the death on TV.
Can't President Trump voluntarily return this authority to the Congress? If he can, will he? Only Congress should be able to declare war!
Just as I guessed, the vote went as expected.
Look mommy! Look at me! I pissed off everybody and they took action to get me to stop.  Look at me mommy.
are you lazy or illiterate; iSSlam is a military dictatorship http://corpus.quran.com/translation.jsp?chapter=47&verse=4 …
@LouDobbs Thanks for your efforts to put Congress to work & make them accept responsibility.  Keep up the great work!
Thank you
careful... always a bad sign when politicians begin to refer to themselves in the third person...
total wastes of 6 hours
Thank you for all you do!
It seems they want open ended war to keep blowing my dam tax money. So we can just keep going down the toilet in debt.
In a nutshell, yes.

What is wrong with you 61 Senators ?? DJT the Idiot & Chief is in the WH!
Yeah upholding your oath to the constitution makes him the idiot but you violating it makes you what? A genius?
61 senators looking to make millions off of the military industrial complex. Shame on these empty foolish psychopaths, they are greedy scum.
. @RandPaul is a Fake Fiscal Conservative
You are a man of character Senator.  I am an American that is disgusted with politicians from both sides.  You are an exception.
Utter abrogation of responsibility.
I stand with Wikileaks and Julian Assange ALWAYS
So up until Trump became POTUS you did what about this?............Judas Priest
we have to vote out these 61 senators in 2018!  where can we get their names?
It's unconstitutional. A formal declaration of war either exists or it doesn't
In principle, perhaps.  Problem is constituents (US electorate) and support (including funding) compromised by cowardice displayed.
and WHERE is @RepBarbaraLee did she not spearhead this in committee and won unanimous support?
#creditwherecreditdue
Keep fighting, Senator.
Thank you sir
Not your party politics or personal grand standing.
So basically they voted for war! Good job! It was unconstitutional before! 
What a joke. You don't take your responsibilities seriously. We are your responsibility
Kudos sir 
don't give up Senator Paul!! press on and maybe in time the tide will change when the swamp is drained!
This is a sad day for the Constitution. All those Senators who argued Trump shouldn't have access to the nuke button just become invalid.
*became
The Constitution is increasingly a document to be ignored by both the Left and Right aisles...........to the detriment of the country
I see opposers are waisting no time to start a new "humanitarian" disaster in Mauritania?
....And I seem to recall these same Democrats concerned that Trump had his finger on the nuclear button!
Seems the only time Trump can get their approval is when he's dropping bombs on innocent men, women and children overseas.

Oh yeah! Loner in Congress speaking up 4 peace!!
