U r a smart, great move
Is the new health care bill actually any better? What are we in for and are you voting in favor of it?
Good bye pre existing condition waver hello insurance company profits.
What the hell is going on? Has the @freedomcaucus sold us out? We wanted a #FullRepeal.
Let's get this done don't squander these two years with the majority in every house

Did House Republicans just repeal Obamacare?? Short Answer: No. http://j.mp/2pEuID7  
I'm not hearing anything about lowering deductibles along with premiums? This is JUST AS IMPORTANT!
I trust Rand a lot
Audit the fed, Term Limits, No pay for politicians or time off in a government shutdown.
Please let us know where it's not working ... specifics.
Since when have health insurance companies competed for my business?
Really! My doctor would give anything to be able to take care of his patients. His practice probably doesn't profit at all. He take Medicare
Mine takes lots of Medicare patients, is 1 of the best caring 4 his patients & makes a great living bing able 2 work 4 Dr's wthout borders 2
Insurance may be cause of all problems. Dr need it, which drives up costs, then ppl need it to afford doctors. Its madness
Annnd... You support the conspiracy theory that vaccinations cause Autism Spectrum Disorders. Did you get your M.D. from Trump U?
I 1,000% support you and the Freedom Caucus version of the Repeal and 
Replace Heathcare bill. Get rid of the Individual mandate. Thanks!
how about adding to your plan to allow HSA to carry over from year to year, so we dont have to spend it all every year?
I haven't seen many doctors pleased with your plans, Senator. It's disgraceful.
If these Republicans don't start getting their act together, and not be partisan within the same party.. They'll end up like Democrats
So after repeal what would be your version of a federal health care policy ? and having no involvement is not a policy but a cop out.
cool tips, bro. you wearing a puka shell necklace under that white t/deep v combo?

Sorry, Sen but sick people are not free market participants. THAT'S WHY FREE MARKET HEALTH CARE ALWAYS WILL FAIL. Single payer is only way
Well said!
Dr Paul get me an others to go to all the doctors in Kentucky and speak on your behalf and get their opionion of your plan and cooperation
It's about time. Maybe next, you might actually discuss Healthcare with all US Citizens. You know, actual democracy.
We r so tired of speaker Ryan and McConnell getting nothing done . We elected trumps agenda not globalist neocon bushes
Thought you had a plan ready to go?
He does, in fact his plan already passed House & Senate. Paul Ryan only needs to bring Rand Paul's current version to committee.
I have only heard talk about it, not seen anything concrete. I will search for it.
ALL talk NO action, get it DONE
Maybe you should talk with economists about healthcare reform. Just a suggestion.
Let this guy handle this please.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @freedomcaucus 54% ACA approval mean anything to R's? Promise to Repeal ACA can be broken,like the Wall
You need to drag @realDonaldTrump to one of these meetings. As far as I know he hasnt met with the care givers, just corporate ins..
I loved Pat Robertson's idea to take out spending for the wall in this budget for more negotiating power and get it in an infrastructure pkg
Let's get that health care package into this budget package. Health care repeal and reform are a must along with tax cuts, bigly.
He talks to everyone except his constituents. No town halls since his campaign!
Investigate #trumprussia & #russiantreason.  #gop #partyovercountry
Please work with everyone and get this done!!  No more running to the press about issues! Get in a room together and get it done!
Get them to reject govt involved in their profession.
There needs to be an evaluation on what's critical, and what's not. Non critical care should be out of pocket. Dr. Paul knows his stuff.
Will you do a Town Hall in Lexington to discuss health care?
We want a town hall to discuss HC w/you. Will you meet w/your employers?? The ones who gave you your job?? Let's do this, openly & honestly!
Time to vote u out. You don't take your doctoral or gov. office oath seriously or honestly. You shame us as our employee. You will be fired
-Now that's who they should be talking to not Paul Ryan
Rand Paul : " ...did you guys bring your cheque books?.." @realDonaldTrump  @PressSec  @krauthammer  Q: money in da swamp, makes messy laws?
Thank you Senator Paul. Woork looking for options
I doubt that will go well since big insurance will be running the show
#SinglePayer #NoWall
I don't want the government rationing healthcare
Only way to make HC affordable is FREE MARKET which will force competition from Ins co all the way down to the drug ind. Get govt out it
That free market existed before ACA & ins. companies still drove up costs. It wasn't affordable then & why most didn't have it.
After 17-day recess, Rand ready to confirm DAG, resolve Obamacare, help DJT get budget he advocates? Or just keep talking?
Universal Healthcare would be an easy thing to do but for the FISCALLY IRRESPONIBLE POLITICAL MORONS who created $20 trillion debt.
middle way=hsa! let hsa owners opt out and declare it on 1040!
its 2017;let customers make own networks:except for emergency acute care, let me choose my care sources: Nashville, Honolulu etc
Pull together a Conference in DC, with docs, and politicos, and make the pitch for co-ops there.  Only solution that works.
It's the insurance companies that suck up our money.  Do something about them.
cc @krauthammer  ..why CK? B/c if you can come halfway cerebrally on this issue, there is hope of saving this presidency. Otherwise ..
#DirectPrimaryCare
kill and destroy obamacare! the hell with sick people. OBEY all Presidential lies and propaganda.
Umm...will Rand discuss fact he's "accredited" by an unofficial local doctor's group and therefore, basically not properly licensed as Dr.?
#StandWithRand
He is doing his homework. Well done
lol if not providing is reform he def talked about it
"We need to kill off the poor & make sure the rich get even richer for liberty's sake..blah..blah.." #BullShit
"Tax hard working people to the point they nearly break, then distribute their earnings to lazy a-holes, blah, blah, blah".. #f'ingmoron
Don't be so rigid that you keep the bill from passing please? We need Obama care to be gone. Remember you are not going to get everything!
