Does anyone know who is running against this #hack so that I can send my donations ASAP
hysteria regarding Russia is part of liberal agenda to divide GOP. Don't forget:  there are still many Obama's & Hillary's around.
Russian hysteria???  You're a #Hypocrite!  The fact that you turn away makes you complicit!
Of course you agree.  You're one of the puppets.  Why did you vote against Russia sanctions?
Cause y'all can't handle the truth. Y'all had 20 investigations on Hillary's emails. Conservatives are hypocrites an I'm ashamed I was one
Then the Reps NEED to get rid of the smoke DEMS are blowing an put an END to this FARCE.TIME to PUT UP OR SHUT UP about this collusion BS!
Endless Benghazi, endless e-mail hearings.  But whining about Russia. HYPOCRITE!
Firstf, Trump isn't addressing priorities of ppl, just the opposite. Second, what r u scared of?  The ppl deserve to know truth.  The End!
More likely that Congress is paralyzed by an utter lack of intelligence with losers like Mark Meadows, no higher education, failing us daily
There is NO REASON the medias fake Russia narrative should paralyze Congress. Americans put you in power to get things done,not make excuses
Let's get Tax reform soon. I'm a retired police office now disabled to work part time. My wife & I had to pay taxes in April first time ever
Glad to hear it. More pain to come for you and your fellow numb nuts there, chubby.
Is not Russian hysterics it is the skewed antics of the socialist fiction writers that call themselves the press (CNN, MSN, MSNBC, NYT, etc)
I didn't he an the @freedomcaucus are a bunch of hard right conspiracy theorist
YOULETITHAPPEN.
NEVER 2 LATE TO STAND UP.
THIS IS DEAL. EITHER THE GOP STANDS UP OR THEY SIT DOWN IN 2018. THE END.WE WILL VOTE OTHERS IN
Have come to conclusion @POTUS is right again @GOP @TheDemocrats are all talk no action unless it is against We the people #Congresssucks
We WANT rascist crazy TREASONOUS Russian regime "Congress" paralyzed, unless you're IMPEACHING 45. #HandsOffACA
stop naming putrid excuses!! You all have done this on purpose!
Americans deserve to know the truth.  Best way forward AS A COUNTRY is independent investigation, see returns-- not block, obstruct, deflect
All Americans want to know how much foreign money is propping up our officials; are they open to blackmail; why aren't ethics being enforced
But not during democrats control, then was ok, o well?
We had many hearings and investigations into Benghazi.  You guys don't want ONE to evaluate foreign efforts into our ELECTION PROCESS?
We should have had on Obanas second term, voter fraud, illegals still voting , and voting systems outsourced to Venezuela!!
Taht is true if you include ALL THE AMERICAN PEOPLE and  not just those who vote for you.
Don't blame Russia. That's like saying it's raining I am not going to work today! You need to figure out why we are allowing it! #NoProof
You may try to find a new future which is not in politcs. Something with a wheelchair maybe
Senator Paul, when will Congress or Senate go after Awan Bros 4crimes committed against the USA. Visa's, Spying, Blackberries, & no 1 Cares
Trump is paralyzing Congress with his antics. Wake up! Do you want to be lumped in with McConnell and go down with them
It is not Hysteria > This will take him and his satellites down with him . Add obstruction > he will go down
World watching this fiasco. Never was there a more dangerous WH it's sickening 2 watch/listen 2 all the lies & Republicans defending them.
Don't let it get to work on the president's agenda you r p.aying into the libs hands they no there is no Russian collusion
I can't believe you, Meadows. Trump tweets like a toddler, has questionable dealing, yet you still take up for him. #gobacktoFla
This is just crazy.
Can you hear my nanoscale violin?

I can't either, but I am playing it for you.
Anything worse than Obamacare puts the GOP in conflict with voters. Trump said cheaper and better. Not cheaper with less benefits.
Paul and Ryan want to turn the US into Russia.
Exactly as planned. Create a false narrative to keep the Republican Congress from doing anything. Side benefits: coup, explain Hillary loss.
So the Senate is blaming others for not doing its job? Sick. Minority party in 2018
Are you for real! Bought and paid for by Russia!! Great idea!!
Russia was 70 years under a foreign inspired bolshevism until 1989. That same foreign bolshevism is leading today's US liberal tribalism
Gentlemen if Congress wants to look back at a year of life's work, chasing unicorns released from the Washington Zoo by BOBAMA, SAD!
Does congress want to pretend it's paralyzed so it doesn't have to repeal ACA, which gives them so much power?
If you can't support ensuring national sovereignty then what can you two  support? Or is it only about tax cuts for the rich?
I'm going to have to unfollow Rand Paul I thought he was a smart guy saw both sides of the argument
The fact that he seems to agree with Trump on everything shows he's not as smart as I thought
What kind of bizarre political universe are we in when REPUBLICANS don't seem to care about Russian interference or collusion?
When YOUR party leader committed impeachable offenses and u put party before country, it's easy to say "nothing to see here." #Trumprussia
Do what the democrats do ---- power through and continue POTUS's agenda and get it passed -- drag the impotent congress along with you......
It's a BS RINO excuse not to enact Trump MAGA agenda.. total false flag excuse... not buying any of it
(R)'s control all branches of govt.  Please stop bitching about the media for not being able to govern.  It's pathetic. Take responsibility.
Any excuse not to do your job is better than none. 51 and done or, go to the house and sit on the porch.
What Americans are you talking to ? We are sick, sick, sick with the corruption of the Trump administration, it's on everybody's radar
of course, all this happened during Obama and you were happy with the results.
You've become a Trump butt smoocher #sad
Srsly, @RandPaul ? You WERE one of the few ppl in DC I could still respect. I expected you to stand on principle, not party. Disappointed.
Apparently being Republican infects you w/ a Trump virus. Relieved I finally dumped my GOP registration of 25 years in Sept of 2016.
Did the two of U ever think "you" might be paralyzing Congress? Just a thought and/or a question, feel free 2 discuss on UR next golf outing
If Congress had a clue, they would ignore the stupid media, and focus on what the citizens have voted for. PERIOD.
Hysteria? Is that was investigating a foreign adversaries interference in our election is called? Somethings deserve our attention Rand
Only because Congress allows it. If Democrats were in charge nothing would stop them. Republicans need to get a backbone and fight back!
impeach him and get back to work
But it was in #CNN. They are not to be trusted to report accurately
Doesn't matter what it is Russia or any other BS! Wash doesn't want things done because they want things to stay the same! Cut and limit gov
Bet if we got rid of salaries and pensions till our deficit was gone lots of things would get done on Washington!
Tell El PRESIDENTE to stop obstructing. We all want the truth, even you @RandPaul, no?
Are you saying that the CIA and FBI are lying when they have said that Russia has orchestrated an attack on our democracy?  #MarchForTruth
The fact that GOP has not been more responsive to this only makes it more suspicious.
Rand you've become a Trum-lover some how. I now feel dirty when I read your tweets. Good-bye. Sell out!
Yes! Thank you .
always someone else's fault you two can't do your job, isn't it?
Just excuses! They block to make sure POTUS fails!! The American people know this! And Republicans are not doing anything to help him!
Illegitimate President should resign
The #RussianTies are real.   Hillary's #EmalHysteria even though Bush adm lost millions of emails! How about #ObamaBirthCert Hysteria?
Collusion Russian & interfering w elections is Paralyzing.  Finding the Truth, punishing those who are guilty is a priority! #RussianTies
Yet, politicians in DC wonder why they are mistrusted & disrespected!?
You only have yourselves to blame. You're dragging your feet. Staff the committees, let the investigations move forward. And stop whining.
BIF  is now our President after he shamed you and others in the Republican primaries. Rand, you would not say shit if you had a mouthful!
What kind of American are you, you don't seem to give flip about Russia interfering in our election our democracy, get out of your job
Get Congress moving on the ACA. The republicans had 6+ years to come up with a suitable replacement.  I'm sick of the obstructionists.
All parties have forgotten it is supposed to be about we the people not how you can #resist +obstruct the other party the most.
We need to pass tax reform as promised.
GOP allows this. You could stop it but then you wouldn't have an excuse for not getting anything done. You make me sick
Only because GOP wants to look away and sanction the trainwreck by abdicating your responsibility in the process.
A cover up is happening and all u care about is your agenda. You serve the people, we will vote you out of office.
I've never heard Mark Meadows make a comment that was divergent from our American Values! What an awesome Congressman. He's a lot like you!
You're the only GOP Senator I believed in but you are moving further away from your father..and your integrity I'm beginning to question.
Rand Paul and Mark Meadows, come 2018 you can kiss your elected seats goodbye. All Republicans are complicit by doing nothing
A Pres under FBI invest for collusion, obstruction., treason, makes up hid own facts, special interests, self serving!!
I don't get how hysteria by media is crippling the #majorityparty from KEEPING THEIR #taxreform #repealACA PROMISES. Can't you multitask?! 
So u r on record as putting @GOP above country. Shameful
I tell you what paralyzed Congress... The ass hat Republican party freaking the hell out over a black man running the show.
Couldn't get over it and now this dumpster fire administration is their greatest answer.
You're a spineless sycophant, Doktor Opthlamochev.
I don't agree. Too many indicators: ethics waivers, emoluents clause concerns, undocumented meetings w/Kislyak, etc. I'm a Republican.
Given the track record of #Congress this may not be a bad thing.
Give them something to do, so they have no time  to micro-manage my life
guessing you two weasels are complicit.
@RepMarkMeadows is an embarrassment to his WNC constituents!
If he had integrity it would be embarrassing releasing this the same day story breaks about Russia hacking election machinery in home state
How to spot a LYING rep: They say "people want access to" health coverage & NOT "people want AFFORDABLE healthcare.
You are both wrong.  It is the most important thing.   You can shut everything else down until we get answers.
Except it SHOULDNT paralyze ANY of you...you were elected and are PAID 2 do your jobs, so get working on that, PERIOD.
Kick 23M off of ACA, cut taxes for 1%, cede environmental power to China, and give secrets to Russia. Transparency? Drumpf lies like his rug
Repubs let it happen! YOU, Medows & other Republicans could put a stop to all this Russia bullshit lies, but you don't. Dems are laughing!
#sellout
Bull crap media stirs up you congress have no guts no balls to do work of people. Scared of left and fail the people who sent u there
Liberal using Russia and media to stall his Presidency. Conservative legislators need to push programs through. Stop kowtowing to liberals.
cant you walk and chew gum at the same time? Obama could, but he was Kenyan.
Ha Ha, CNN please stop embarrassing yourselves!
Yet you guys could have had this thing investigated and closed if you chose to act first and not let it linger. You can blame yourselves.
America calls B.S. on that U guys work SO FEW hours compared 2 avg American Mayb tRump cld get more done if he golfed less (4-day wkends)
Wow! Disappointed you're defending this orange tyrant. Trump was funded by Russia & owed them. Money laundering w/casinos & all. 
Globalist Western Civilization is waging a war against National Western Civilization.
That's the Dems whole point-stop being suckers and get shit done!
It's not hysteria, it is a war with a foreign enemy and you're complicit in it.
Why all you on the inside of the DC beltway know this is all fabricated by media.  a weekly showdown that always ends Media being stumped
You can do your job while the investigation goes on.  Such a lame excuse!
It it's fake why does Trump need war room.
If it's fake why did DOJ hire special prosecutor
If it's fake why does Trump hire more lawyers to defend him.
Well, they told us the plan... http://dailycaller.com/2017/02/06/in-their-own-words-anti-trump-resistance-leaders-say-they-want-to-make-america-ungovernable/ …
If it's fake why FLYNN pleads 5th or wants immunity.
Congress is paralyzed because they don't know how to be effective. #draintheswamp
Paralysis not due to Republican inability to lead!  Not related to president's tweets, feuds or vacations!!!!
Man he really got to you during that round of Golf! Too bad you were a good politician once
Hear, hear. So sad to see one of the good ones sell out.
Voters.....don't forget this Russia crap come 2018. Nothing but a narrative.
This doctor can't multitask?

Then get serious and get to the truth about Russia role, whatever it is.
So....if the Russia thing is distracting to the majority GOP....stop following the news and quit bitching.
Or investigate ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Kinda reminds you of Benghazi and emails. No reward for the election theif. He's gotta do it on his own.
Oh come on, that's the worst excuse for not doing your job I've ever heard.
Yes, by all means let's sweep possible treason under the rug so you are free to pursue your unpopular agenda. 
That is their intention. Huge waste of time and money
How about how a president's ill advised tweets to world leaders brings down the entire economy
Congress and house are pathetic, afraid of their own shadows.
How do we know if you don't INVESTIGATE? #DoYourJob #TrumpRussia

You have a majority in both houses & control the White House. What legislative power is the media using to keep you from doing your job?!?!
Excuse for why @GOP held government can't get anything done. #BlameTheMedia Congress doing it's job is NOT dependent on @cnn reporting. #Sad
I have to juggle multiple tasks at my job every day. If you can't do that maybe you shouldn't be a US Senator or Representative.
McConnell can bring up legislation anytime he wants
Both of you are dangerous for the most vulnerable of this country! You cover for Trump and don't care about the country
not hysteria! Just patriotic concern. @RepMarkMeadows
Do your fucking jobs. Either get to work or get out of DC and others move us forward.
Senators McCain and Graham think otherwise
Self-induced paralysis. Kick their ass Rand
The media is trying the case in public with false information. Narrative being paraded will make it difficult for people to except verdict
Is this tweet from the Fox News/"but her emails" days? Cuz from what I see, the #Trumprussia investigation is ongoing.
Ongoing investigation that every person who has seen classified info,both sides,said there is no evidence yet media makes it sound otherwise
What media are you watching? Cuz on cspan I saw the DNI director, former director of FBI AND Admiral Rogers say theirs an investigation
And when asked about trump obstructing they couldn't answer in unclassified setting. If the answer was no, couldn't they say that? And if
The ans is that he is obstructing you have to ask, "why"? What can be worse than "you were warned that your dir of NatSec might be a foreign
Agent subject to blackmail and you ignored it"?
Oh for heaven's sake.This is the biggest nonsense I have heard.1.) We don't trust our election & you all have done nothing but make it worse
You made this mess and then made it worse. 2.) A foreign power influencing our election should make us all hysterical, the fact that ur not
What happened to personal responsibility? Do your jobs and stop trying to blame others. Nobody's fault but yours that you can't work it out.
Here's a better question... When are you and your co workers gonna do something about what's going on in the White House?
blah blah blah.   Stop making excuses for not doing your damn job.
That's the point! It's sedition by the left & MSM.
So the majority.... What? Is that a media lie?
Dimitri from crowdstrike is the Russian "hacker". Yes Russian, but a cover-up for the other internal leaks
Congress hasn't done anything for years!
Americans are not stupid and won't be distracted.
And it's Trump that has paralyzed Congress with his rude childlike behavior! Put him in timeout!
Us taxpaying peasants in middle 'merica aren't gonna give 2 shits or a damn about "EXCUSES" come 2018 or 2020 get on the  or get run over!
The same way crime paralyzed the criminal justice system. It's part of your job!
Schumer's strategy is working then. Sad.
That is bs. You guys can do your job just choosing not too. We the American people are taking notice
Kentucky is subsidized by States that actually sustain the nation. Maybe you and McConnell should join the 21st century & go green.
CNN?
Maybe if you and the rest of the @GOP would cooperate with the investigation and stop obstructing it, they would move along quicker.. 
Congress has been paralyzed like ravers on too much K for over eight years, but that's because they chose to be "do nothing" obstructionists
Well just have to give@POTUS another 4 years to drain the very deep swamp.Ask your colleagues if they are in the swamp. We want to know who.
It is nothing more than distraction to keep congress from accomplishing anything...
FAKE NEW RAND ..STOP TALKING TO THEM
That's the point of it...!
You just miss the days when it was the GOP that got to be hysterical (Benghazi! Emails!). Now you have to lead & realize you don't know how.
No. How an incompetent @POTUS paralyzed congress
Mark, as your constituent in WNC, you will go down in history as one of the very worst people in these really difficult times in the US.
W/ YOU my friend! Western Carolina born and breed, we don't like RUSSIANS MESSING WITH OUR COUNTRY REMEMBER @RepMarkMeadows ? DO YOUR JOB!
Where does your campaign contributions come from?  #iknow.
I think that's the point of the left pushing that agenda. Stop him from implementing policies that hurt their chances at gaining power.
You will both be recorded by history as traitors @RandPaul @RepMarkMeadows
Good. I believe Russia made it easier for R's to win. Should we ignore it? What R's want to do (shift $ to rich) is not the will of voters.
Why is it only hysteria when the @GOP is at the center....wasn't hysteria with a basement server or Bengazi was it.  You are a traitor.
Excellent point.
