I would love to see a writeup of changes you think are needed.  I trust your opinion.  We need a policy that isn't going to crumble.
Paul's plan is for you to purchase your own insurance. He doesn't believe the government should be in the business of healthcare.
It shouldn't. And before you go off, I haven't had insurance for a year.
So you don't think the government should help with health insurance??
Not as it did in Obamacare.  People need to have affordable avenues yes.  How can we make it happen so that people can afford it.
Until someone takes on the big companies, pharma, hospitals, insurance, nothing will change.
I would like to see associations or co-ops be allowed to negotiate with insurance companies.  That gives large scale free market.
When I grew up in the country that is what we did for electric and fuel oil.
We need to support our president and the bill. We can later tweak it or amend parts just as the did with original Obamacare
Even DJT said it is time for negotiations now.  This needs to be strong.  To get that it needs to be reviewed and debated -- not just passed
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
You realize that was a pre planned protest with the sole intent of being dragged out by the cameras? Right?
No, link to youre sources. What about all the others?! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
Links to my sources? Do you really think a group of disabled people just happened upon Mitch's door hours after the release of the AHCA?
No, they were upset about the bill they had just released that takes their healthcare away to fund tax cuts for the wealthiest
As a disabled woman, I implore you to vote no on the AHCA as it will make me immobile due to not having healthcare. #noonAHCA #pleasevoteno
PLEASE!!!!!  Vote no!!!!
well done on ABC..they really think we are stupid!...republicans will lose in 2018  to more libertarian candidates.
we pay for your salaries to work on our behalf and for our benefit. we will continue to reject this insurance company written bill.
So happy to watch you Sunday. Could not agree more. Honest and straightforward. Proud to be affiliated with you as a Republican.
Please stand firm in your decision Senator.  Any last minute tweaks they might make won't have time for a proper vetting.
Nice to know that when it actually means it would get passed...that you have no intention of repealing said bill.  Broken promises.
Please sir fix the bill but support the bill!! We must make good on our promises
Please continue to oppose the cruel healthcare bill.  We need to fix ACA, not throw it out.  Cover our most vulnerable people.
Full repeal with 60 votes -- from where? Stop the grandstanding, work to get it passed.

1/ I haven’t tweeted much about healthcare because it’s a painful subject for me. But it’s important, so let me tell you my story 
Stick to your principles Rand.
I watched this. You mention subsidies not fair, take from $15b profits not add to deficit but you not once mention crazy tax cuts for rich??
Keep up the opposition until it is free market.
You don't get it !! You dont understand the heath care costs per individual. and what lack of regulations on insurance companies creates
You are definitely lying, Randall.
Give them hell
Opposition is OK, but need 2 have a solution 2 make it better. Just saying it needs 2 be better,then its obstructionist like Dems.#foxnews
Agree. Solution is on @SenMikeLee's twitter account. Solution is what @POTUS campaigned o #FreeMarketHealthCare. Get Govmt OUT of healthcare
Looks like these guys need @Hilary's agent. Doing a one-hour speech would be much less work for the money.
Please save my fellow nurses and our patients from this murderous healthcare bill the rich don't need tax cuts we need Medicaid
Would it not be more helpful if you could get some of the Dems to come join u with the changes to the Healthcare?
In which universe do U see your idea of real repeal passing?? In this universe we have 10 of U fools that will sink congress 2 look conserva
Awesome, most clear thinking and informed American's want legit reform, and that starts with a top to bottom REPEAL. Keep fighting Senator!
help seniors please.
We GOP need to unite and pass this legislation. We must repeal Obamacare now.
Make the best bill possible then GO NUCLEAR!
After 8.5 years of this bs you better compromise and vote for it, or you will compromise everything. No response needed, stop d holdout
Details please.
We don't have to hurt seniors! Stop giving $ to illegals, refugees & countries who hate our guts!
Hurt seniors? How? The consumber 90 percent of healthcare, they should pay more.
Pay more with what? Many live on 1,200-$1,300 a month! They can't afford high prems, ded, let alone Dr visits or meds!
A point we subsidies irresponsiblity but americans think That is a virtue.
Another huge problem blocking inovation in techhealth industry,is NOT releasing specific disease data so that AI and algorythms actuallywork
We'll never get full Repeal. Plz pass Sen bill! Middle class biz is hanging on by fingernails! HELP US! We can't wait
When does this joke end? This is the worst joke ever played on the American people. Tweet a Dent Trump is the most dangerous man alive.
Thank you Senator Paul.  A conservative would never vote for this monstrosity.  Repeal Obamacare.  No on #AHCA.
Listen we r sooooooo tired of hearing how bad Obamacare is, FIX IT THATS ALL , take the money for a new plan and put towards OBAMACARE!!!!!
You put too many obstacles in the presidents way. It's amazing. Does it make sense to you really?
Then try and get support for the bill that stop funding to terrorist in Syria and stop the support to Saudi in Yemen it's not unpatriotic
Once the bill has replaced obamacare couldn't it then be amended senator Paul? Getting rid of obamacare is top priority
Sign It! Please
Pls continue to bring costs down! Healthy 60 yr old widow paying 10K BCBS, no Dr visit in over a year. Being healthy does not pay
Don't waste ur time...nobody watching #FakeNews networks....
Thank you for standing against these weak attempts to redo instead of repeal Obamacare.  It needs to go in its entirety.
Thanks for not supporting the new health bill. Would love to see big changes in the Medicaid and tax cuts. All will suffer on future
You remind me of Thaddeus Stevens. Letting perfection get in the way of doing Good.
Since Dems w/n support any other plan, the best way to tackle Obamacare, at this point, is to allow it to fail completely.
Sorry - the reset can have future changes but you need to get back to work and pass version now!
#JustRepeal
Can't you see that your obstinence is hurting us and will kill the Republican party. At least attempt to help or please go home! Enough!
Please vote no and save my fellow nurses and our patients thousands of hospitals will close and nurses will lose our jobs
Hang strong Paul!
I'll know it's a good plan when all  #congrss #senate adopt it. What's good  4 the Amrcn ppl should b good enuf 4 them
How about explaining how average Americans will get the health care needs met?
30 million without healthcare..
Stick to your guns and let them know what the right way to go is. #RandIsRight
@RandPaul, I support you whoeheartedly in your efforts.
Mr. Paul. Get this healthcare bill DONE!  It can't be repealed but it can be heavily tweaked so it can work. Republicans MUST get this done
I hope that when it comes time for you to get re-elected the voters chose someone else. You are not supporting the President or his voters.
Absolutely we need a full Repeal before we can replace
You talk with forked tongue. Liberate us from leaching insurance companies and campaign money hungry congress. Then you will get attention!
A single pay system cutting out the insurance companies would solve the problem. But where to get campaign money for congress, who cares
I had$19K surgery billed to insurance co., that paid $3.5K  I Paid $8K in ins. premium that year Do the math Insurance bleedsUS! Single Pay!
The insurance companies bleed the system! People would cut out the insurance companies, and pay doctors and hospitals direct, problem over!
Your idea of repeal is to send everyone that is poor to the gas chambers. Seik Hiel! Why don't you go after the insurance companies
Death, it would look like death
Let's get something done, Rand.  Both sides screaming about Russia and nothing real is getting done!  Please, THE DEBT!!!
Work with them to fix this bill! For God's sake Senator, repeal Obamacare! Help us! You guys are going to blow this if you don't hurry!
Are you going to take the heat for it not passing?  You're one of my favourites Rand, but once allies may turn on you. #aca #Libertarian #go
Too bad the GOP has become another face of the DemoCommies. Time to clean house and get a Conservative party.
I suggest #MedicareForAll which is already taken out of the working class' checks anyways.  And we can't all be rich and afford hospitals.
Yea we'd just need to take a hell of a lot more. European middle class is taxed almost double what Middle pays in Usa.
and they will use anything you say against reps..
I hope it is single payer, but somehow I doubt it.
Do what I suggested, REPEAL ACA then send HEALTH CARE not insurance to states HEALTH CARE CONCERGE!!!!?
I stand with rand, against swamp care #RinoCare #tcot  #DrainTheDeepState
I support Rand Paul!!
The 3 things Guaranteed with GOV_care...Loss of individual freedoms...Price increases up to 3000%...& quality deteriorated.
GOV_care & Racketeering... Any difference?
Senator please offer your hc bill so we can see what a perfect bill looks like.
Stop screwing around and vote for. For gods sake @RandPaul
Thank you!
#KillTheBill
@tempteststorm2 since all Sen, Rep, both Dems & Rep opted out of Obamacare what's ur point? You can't take away freebies once given. Heart
Don't let big pharma/insurance industries write the law.  Write it for the people.
Did you get scolded by the embicile about Healthcare?your vote in favor of millions losing basic care because the embicile has your balls?
Understand where you are coming from Senator but PLEASE be a part of getting a bill done even if only Phase 1
Medicare for all!
Please reconsider supporting current healthcare bill
You are not going to get a repeal, so please come to the table and tell them what needs to be changed in what they've presented.  #maga
Paul says "People With Preexisting Will be DENIED, OR have Crappy Coverage or time limits and people on Medicaid will die"
Why can't you get an invite to help write the bill? They want your vote fight?
Sen Paul you need to negotiate and vote YES.  Get something done.  Stop stalling it's time. Make America work!!
Keep up the good work Rand.  It's sad that you have to work with DemRepubs.
ABC. Your definitely on the wrong channel with the real voters. We do not want your healthcare bill. Stop calling it Obamacare lite. Foolish
Patients must have peace of mind that despite income, location, or medical conditions, they won’t have to decide between health or homes.
@RandPaul @SenMikeLee @tedcruz @SenRonJohnson, put a stop to the non-repealing Obamacare healthcare bill.
Can hardly wait.
Interesting you have to go on liberal shows and channels now to get your message out. May need to run for another party to avoid primary.
You need to get on board
You had 7 years to get this done.  Time to get onboard
Hey rand get over it already the Dems never break ranks get on board it's ok to have an ideology but c'mon really I really respect your md
If the regs were not repealed and the #ACHA waiver was not reversed, then I agree with the Senators who are holding out!
Give it a rest! Get this bill passed! You will lose my vote if you don't stop obstructing.
How many years did it take to come up with any plan, @realDonaldTrump has come up with it in months. Dont go on vacation till this is final
Why is it so important to REPEAL all of ACA to you? There has to be some good things in it
So basically @RandPaul will be saying, "We just aren't there yet, but I'm optimistic that we're close." BLAH BLAH!  Enjoy ur summer break.
Your appearance today was very educational. It was what needs to be learned and discussed by all parties involved. Make them take the time.
Humm
@POTUS, Is GOP refusing Obamacare repeal to be in concert with Obama's desire to fundamentally change America (to socialism)
Thank you 4 standing up for what we were promised! Glad you're my Senator #KYstandswithRand
No ONE wants to hear you
How many of the 142 pages o c the Senate bill have you read, Mr. Paul? How many of the references to IRS code have you read? How does the...
...rest of the country even get close to understanding what the existing ACA law is and what changes were made to put it in plain English...
....so that the average person can read and understand how the existing law and replacement law affects them? The laws are written by law...
...yers and are extremely difficult for the average person to understand. Looking up the IRS code sends a person to Cornell Law website...
...and the data is not even current that the IRS offers so you cannot see what the current revisions are to the tax code to verify agai...
...nst the proposed Senate AHCA bill. There can't be accuracy in reports of what the AHCA will or won't do if the verification can't be seen
To bad you are mad at the world for not winning election and never will
I can't always get what I want, and you shouldn't either. This is exactly why AMERICANS have had with Washington.
Repeal Repeal Repeal! No more government run debacles.Instead, Deregulate the Insurance Industry to allow them to compete across state lines
you are walking a very tight rope sir. I really like you but you are off the path on this one...
Sen Paul, thank you for standing strong on repeal, Obamacare totally undermines America's economic foundations
Sometimes you have to trim branches before you can cut the tree ! But let's face it Rand is about Rand, just not a team player
You think you know it all you oppose@ everything so why are you in senate stay home you always go on fake news channels
Thank you. So far America 
Is against it unless you are rich
senator @RandPaul also healthcarebill doesn't allow to buy across state lines make sure to increase competition
hope you can decontaminate yourself immediately following :)
Need 2 pass HR 1227 end prohib that keeps effective medicine & drug w/o death as a side effect from ppl w/ autism, PTSD, pain, epilepsy, etc
If you all don't do something you are going to lose in 2018. You promised so now deliver.
I truly hope you consider compromise for the people. Not for party not  for lobbyists and not for individual glory. Think of people
Please look at Medicaid & Medicare for drug addicts,alcoholics &  psych disabilities. Treatment, then WORK,not a lifetime of disability
The GOP needs to get their act together or there is a real good chance you will lose the house in 2018.
Protect us boys!
LIBERALS are SO DRAMATIC! They turn EVERYTHING into a CIRCUS! They better be GLAD REPUBS. are here to RESCUE THEIR HC
Too bad people like having health insurance -- even in KY
You are better than this egregious health bill.
Please. Resist. This. Travesty.
Who cares?
Hang in there Senator Paul. Making Obamacare permanent would be a disaster!
All need to come together and work toward a common cause for the good of all. Both sides!
We HAVE TO GET IT RIGHT! SO THANK YOU for your HARD WORK!  Love Kentucky, Beautiful State and wonderful people! MAGA!
Well I know the left will love that! They use you to make the Repubs look broken & weak! Rom Johnson blubbered all over Meet The Press!
Do you realize how healthcare works?  Mandates make insurance is affordable for the masses!  Men help make babies and don't have to pay?
Once you give away freebies, it is hard to take them away:( We need a win. If this lowers premiums and deductibles, vote yes please.
Please propose amendment subjecting Congress to TrumpCare.  No exceptions.
The hasty, secretive nature in which this bill was put together makes it impossible to amend in time frame @SenMajLdr expects. Pls vote no.
And we're waiting till you come up for reelection to show YOU what we think about your opposition and obstruction!
Camera's on wow. Stop talking and do something. Senate 100 most worthless human beings
Quit yacking to the press and get in a room with your fellow senators to fix it!
Rand wants the already rich hiding behind moats and walls in their castles on the hill, while the poor grovel and die in the mud below!
I think we already tried that in the 14th century!
Thank you
I'll wait till you discuss it on Fox news or Vice.  I cannot stand George or his colleagues on that ABC trash show
We don't want a repeal or a reduction in Medicaid. You Republicans need to face reality. People are hating what the party is trying to do.
I can't imagine why you would want to repeal the ACA unless it is due to partisanship which we are seeing about the GOP. Fix it.
It's not called Obamacare, got that???  NO repeal. People don't want that. Fix the ACA and stop red states from ruining it with exceptions.
The ability to buy insurance across state lines could increase choice & lower premiums. Provider participation in those plans is important.
PLEASE GET SOMETHING AT LEAST BETTER THAN O CARE PASSED!! Allow selling insurance across state lines! It'd be a GREAT start toward cmptitn!
Repeal Obama care then introduce legislation to help those who need it, thoughtful and meaningful legislation.  Not half baked BS
Free market will lower costs. I see it happening in the eye care business.
Why couldn't Medicaid be put on a sliding scale so people who can afford to pay some of the cost, do so?  Wouldn't this free up more $?
You are the law maker of a state with high opioid addiction & obesity. You fellow people need help. Don't Let them down.
@RandPaul is one of the Koch bros lap dogs. They told him the Senate bill doesn't take healthcare away from enough people.
Please,  stay your course. We need an open market!
Tasty cool aid you are drinking.
