After 52 days in the NICU, my son had a $250K hospital bill. Which WOULD'VE been 1/4 of his lifetime cap. No cap now. PTL
go Rand, welcome to the new Rep party
Please don't bring the lifetime cap back. The medically complex people can't afford it. Especially children.
folowing closely
.@FoxNews @AAPSonline @RandPaul Reconciliation going in was Wrong & Wrong now also-This may avoid having to do it
ACA is a benefit, not a tax. Do it right.

Would like to see Paul's plan.
Look here for hyperlink:
Thanks for the link
The Establishment Republicans should get on board with your plan~midterms in 2 years! #noACAlite #replace #randplan
.@FoxNews @AAPSonline @RandPaul ACA not only Failure-END it Medicare & Medicaid at once this way http://bit.ly/2j1Zm6C  Ppl Heavy/Govt Lite
Rand Paul has no clue what its like to be a "normal" person with pre-ex' Hey Rand What's the price of your paid ins?
I applaud how witty you are, but try to keep the American who lose  coverage if you continue to put party b4 country
the GOPe's are Uniparty and not at all for We The People.  Let's see what Rand has, fire Ryan.
We must identify these RINOs & put on our list to purge @RandPaul
.@FoxNews @AAPSonline @RandPaul Agree! But a Market approach that could get some Dem support avoids Reconciliation
Short term little man. More is coming. America wants movement now ant that is happening. Awesome! Help and quit bitching.
I am not sure why after all of these years republicans want to keep shoving obamacare down our throat. It is not wise.

repeal and replace.
Get rid of the disaster.
@HouseGOP please don't 1/2 ass our healthcare!!!
: Ur spot on, Rand.
Am people agree
Its a major reason we voted TRUMP
We didn't want more GOP est hold ups
you guys should have had something ready to go. Really, no excuses.
If the GOP want to propose something better then great! But boggles my mind they vote to repeal w/o plan
Really did you not know Obama vetoed the Rep's plan they passed
This is not a competition. I'm tired of hearing complaining w/o legislation being put forth.
THEN WHY HASN'T IT BEEN PUT ON TRUMP'S DESK?
because Congress suck and moves very slow
They have spent more time talking abt replace since inaug. then time it would take to vote.
Just say no to Obamacare. The market will work it out
WHO CARES what the 'Republican Establishment' wants? I thought we burned them down last summer?
You think?
AGREE!
Get rid of all HMOs. Single payer system.
I agree.  We should execute Obamacare.
@cmsarge53 @RandPaul of course that's the establishment plan, in the end most of the GOP are cowardly sellouts
Repeal Obama care totally and replace it totally with something that works for citizens and Congress  (all in government
Whatever you do, please save those BILLIONS for the 1% and corporations. They really need it to trickle on me.
No way! Rand, you're lost in the ozone! Repeal-replace!
I like his thinking
We need more leaders like Rand Paul who will stand up for what's right.  Thank you Senator, for your courage...
You have your finger on it. NO OBAMACARE,,,period
get rid of it all or we will vote you out next election
they're scared. Put your heads together and figure it out.
@myangel7777777 @RandPaul the whole Obamacare is imploding fast, but some of these idiot republicans want to keep it. Really!!!!!
Not allowing me to retweet!
if it's blocked so be itdoesn't change a patriots  opinion of these leftists
@myangel7777777 @RandPaul their are jealous babies on both sides
they wont do anything but take a pay check
Free market health insurance and freedom to choose from all providers.
You need to go with the flow and stop trying to screw up America.
Only had 8 years to get off your butts and come up with something. That wasn't enough time?
just play as a team.
no it's destroying this country and we can't afford it. Continue to cover uninsured but get rid rest
I agree as one real American
TOTALLY agree. We Americans want it GONE! Disgusted w #politicians.  @POTUS
@mcgilh @RandPaul No, sir. I agree. Obamacare should go straight to the incinerator, along with all of his other incompetent  ideas
We need to take note of all those Republicans that are 4 keeping Obamacare & those obstructing Trump and not vote 4 them.
thats the plan
@mcgilh @RandPaul   Keep on them Rand.  REPEAL!!!!
Repeal Obamacare and start over.
I don't think it should have the word Obama in it.  How about, The People's Health Care.
I also think since we have problems with democracy we should scrap the whole thing as well. #fascism
why did you catch him with Trump lips? And Rand why wont you investigate russian ties to #Putinspuppet #ImpeachmentParty
@hockeycop @RandPaul Tho common features inherent to HC programs will be in both, Obamacare is flawd system design. Must replace
@hockeycop @RandPaul Don't agree w/Rand everything  but he's  on this. Sure common features must exist because these are HC plans
JT, I feel the same. The Establishment on both sides need to go!
if they cant stand for the Americans it's time we vote them out staring with Paul Ryan he is not for us
keep fighting against them you are right a lot of Obamacare needs to go. We need republicans with guts to stand for us
How about free Healthcare for the Vet?and not the shitty VA
Ur party is a disorganized sham. Per. Ur president the next version of ACA must be the best.
You guys should've ALREADY had a plan with all the crying that you did.
your job as a senator is to stop wasting tax money on cabinet hearings and send them to final vote
Ask the estab Rep what would have happened if the motions to repeal last yr had been signed by Obama? Then what?
your right!
. Get rid of it ALL. Start over
Do you job....Investigate  Donald Trump!!!!...
The word on the street is RIP Obamacare 2018.
@JBaker31826004 @RandPaul Key word: Establishment.
Exactly!!! We do not want bits and pieces of it repealed- trash it.
you have worked on a solution unlike fox who could be lighting a fire under congress to get this fixed!
He's right, scrap that albatross, start fresh with people who aren't lining their pockets or inflating government.
Nope, get rid of insurance co's skimming tax $. Universal citizen care with govt negotiating with providers & DRUG CO'S
completely abolish Obamacare.
We don't need ObamaCare lite anything but a new healthcare program. Don't give up...the swamp will get drained.
Repeal Obamacare it's desd no insurer left
GOP had seven years to come up with a plan. Now there scrambling like bunch of idiots.
Rand, Just support our POTUS!
I agree Rand. We want it gone! It up to you. You are the GOP.
we need to keep Obama care
Behind Rand & @POTUS  #RepealAndReplace #MAGA
@Bryan700 @RandPaul I totally agree !!!
again don't throw out the baby with the bath water. D.C. Better get this right. Or those high stock % will #flashcrash
How do you @RandPaul  plan to provide consistent healthcare to those served by safety net hospitals? http://www.healthleadersmedia.com/finance/aca-replacement-could-jeopardize-safety-net-hospitals?spMailingID=10440492&spUserID=MTY5NzY2MjE1OTY4S0&spJobID=1101249653&spReportId=MTEwMTI0OTY1MwS2 …
Trash it before it completely ruins us.
Talk about a cluster f**k. It's how many pages of rules and regs it would take Yrs to read & that long to understand !
Can we please stop calling it Obamacare now?
The litmus test of how good ur plan is: the pre-existing condition blind system, pool one - national, the rest is detail.
I've been saying and wondering why the hell congress hasn't passed your bill yet. Best and only plan I heard yet. #LetsGo
it all has to go. Remove the bad parts of ACA and the few good parts have no chance to work.  Gov't should just stay out
Insurance companies are for profit businesses based on sane risk taking. Don't kill them by making them welfare programs
no, you need 2 grab your shovel & bury the dead thing!
--  I TOTALLY AGREE
How can you  not keep parts
I don't lite is either,GET RIDE of it!
Normally I would agree with that. But some parts are essentially good for American families.
^5
Where's the beef?  Can you link the story?
Even after @POTUS made it clear today when he said #RepealAndReplace? Repeal/replace more Republicans then.
Anything With The Word Obama in It Will Probably BE A COMPLETE DISGRACE-Start Over
No one else does either, Rand . . .
not nothing OBAMACARE
No we shouldn't Rand bravo.. #StandWithRand
then give us a replacement.
Agreed. Free market will solve most problems, then govt can help uninsurable if nec.
Repeal, do not replace.
PC has overcome the political class! Any analytical thinking will show that Obamacare can't be saved! New is what works!
@darcy027027 @RandPaul 
Send Obamacare to planned parenthood, let it be their last patient ever!!!!
I agree with you we didn't elect Republicans to all of a sudden change what they said. Repeal and Replace. Period.
Before the final period add "Do not exempt Congress" from the bill.
Amen; it's THEIR END if that's what they do.
Help them get with the program. Also I agree w Rand let the police investigate this BS
dump Obama care in total Start fresh
Great men have statues in parks. There sons have busts of their heads in the back of library closets.
ID LIKE THE NAME RUBBED OUT ENTIRELY.
Those who are trying to repeal ACA should have to use whatever they replace it with. Won't happen tho
no
but what about the affordable care act?
no reappeal all of it.
I agree! Repeal & replace! The only way to ensure my relationship with MY DR!
This doesn't sound like details on replace. plan. This sounds like more complaining about ACA. This isn't a competition @RandPaul.
Why can't we work this out in committee - why make headlines the left can use against you - get a grip
.@RandPaul has perfected the art of being a contrarian. I guess he inherited that trait from his father.

@FoxNews @MitchBehna
Just wait until they come OUT with something.It took OBAMA and the Dems 2 years for OBAMACARE.
Raud Paul is the man
Maybe the priorities need to be changed with the Russian involvement in the WH. Healthcare needs to be put on backburner
I hope the many people who voted, that want obamacare is removed watches this and call your congressman, call them out
Well 2 bad u lost what little respect people had for u when u said u shouldn't investigate your own party.
That better not be their position if they want to be reelected.
Lindsey Graham and John McCain need to retire. When will the Republican Party learn why Trump won. Hint wasn't them.
@SenateGOP Please repeal & replace Obamacare ASAP FOR THE PEOPLE. Will ENCOURAGE businesses 2 hire FULL TIME employees.
Yes! Part time employees aren't required to be covered. That's why the numbers off unemployment
@POTUS Agreed. Unfortunately unemployment numbers off 4 many reasons. Need change FOR THE PEOPLE!
Yes!
The establishment is always gun-shy and accommodating to principles they claim not to hold. We know what to do. Do it!
We should start by repealing Rand's free govt subsidized healthcare. No one should be forced to pay for his coverage.
I'd have more respect of these guys would just admit they want a market solution & if ppl are left out, That's ok w/them.
He also doesn't think Republicans should investigate Republicans. Rand chooses #PartyOverCountry #unAmerica
I wonder what he's hiding!
It's all about self-preservation, whether personal or preserving @GOP's $upport. It's not about the #USA
Agree!  we'll just have to keep track and take note of these Republicans that won't take county over party
#midterms2018
Thanks for standing up once again for LESS GOVERNMENT
I agree with you!
@themadanthony We just have to be able to pay for it. Its about what we can afford, just like in most US homes
GOP establishment wants the cover of Obamacare, rather than being held responsible for any replacement, NO SPINES THERE
@GOP we voted Republicans into #RepealAndReplace Get rid of it!  We want real choice OUR choice not government choice!
so what about those unlucky enough to become ill during this time? 

Just hurry up and die?
I have no problems with keep the GOOD parts of OBama care. Isn't about doing the best for people.
I agree wipe it out like you would your butt in a outhouse !
Everybody in Congress who wants to repeal Obamacare should give up their government healthcare plans first.
I agreed completely..political wall street
Also, since when are 26 yr olds children who should be on parents plan?  Dumbest part of Obamacare.
Get rid of it all!
I don't want anything that has the word Obama in it. wonder if Pelosi has finished reading the bill yet?
Now, when they have full control? Nothing. Crickets.
I agree with you .. trash all that s--t and start over
Yes. REPEAL. Get rid of any trace of socialism. Then overhaul, renew system. They need to hear it.
How many votes did they have to repeal the ACA? Several. And they were all commie style playact votes.
Get rid of it entirely 
Excellent interview and very insightful!
