Thanks Rand. And the next time you see John McCain, can you punch him nuts for us? 

Much Appreciated
Voters
If he has any nuts??? 
I'm liking Rand Paul more and more every day. I wish he was a part of the @POTUS @realDonaldTrump administration
me too n Cruz too
Not sure I'm ready to go that far yet. LOL
that's my penance for being so mean he blocked me lol he has been putting up a lot
Keep it up. Repeal Obama Care and fix it like the one you and McCain, Pelosi, Sawyer, etc have. U will have 100 votes.
You had 6 years to write your own healthcare act @RandPaul   @FoxNews  What have you done in 4  weeks?
Senator, PLEASE say something in the Senate to @SenJohnMcCain  @LindseyGrahamSC to STOP bashing @POTUS , esp foreign soil
@EmfingerSScout @RandPaul just because someone says it doesn't mean it's true. Unfounded #conspiracy theories and #altfacts #SAD
SenRandPaul has done more for good of the country in the last four weeks than John McCain
dismantling other people's work takes no heavy lifting or thought. 
I have been researching lately and I see McCain & Graham, even Rubio take money from Soros. That is unacceptable.
. @foxnews this site attracts more veryfake commentors than most.Tell the truth @randpaul it feels great to work doesn't it! Well done #Coal
. @FoxNews @RandPaul  if there is such a campaign to shut down commenters, it certainly is not meant to shutup Haters.
Yes if you are talking about harm, then sure you have nailed it.
@SenateMajLdr WE the PEOPLE DEMAND that @SenJohnMcCain  & @LindseyGrahamSC  keep their MOUTHS SHUT! Embarrassment to USA.
I am ashamed of @SenJohnMcCain @graham speaking against @POTUS  I will say one thing about Dems, they stick together!
That's true! 4 8 years u did squat! Now the GOP is all over the place & serve THEMSELVES not th people. Do nothing again
Bravo Rand Paul, happy to have your voice for our country!
I would actually say you are delusional if you believe that.
, is this guy for real ?  Does he think we are idiots!!!
He's done nothing except the Muslim ban.
he signed some EO's. met with people to start change. Has done a lot early. Will do more.
Like I said, he hasn't done anything positive. He is a disgrace to our nation!
Just think about how much could have been done in the last 8 yrs. If the Republicans hadn't been obstructionists!
Awesome strong Patriotic leadership that is not in the Swampland!  Trump is doing what USA NEEDS
@mshawnkaehr @RandPaul Your marching to the beat of a different drum Rand and thats a good thing!  Repeal Obamacare now/ McCain bs.
because of your inability to work with others. You can only do things by railroad because they're not good for America
Not surprising since the GOP spent most of that time obstructing Obamacare rather than doing their jobs.
Well spoken Rep Rand Paul.
you mean 6 years of obstructionism & barely working a day?
no under do nothing vote on nothing Harry Reid.
the GOP wouldn't even vote to go after ISIS
you republicans has selected this man to be the leader of this great country! "Wow"
Well you took the last eight years off so that's not actually something you should be proud of.
@jovanclordim @RandPaul that's amazing Obama is a douche bag
Right! More constitutional violations, more insanity than EVER before. So DO YOUR JOB! Block Gorsuch. BAD CHOICE! SAD.
any good place to find what's been done so far in a consolidated list/breakdown?
God bless our president n our republica congress we will not let the democrate obstructionist or the media derail us
WRONG! Are you the flavor of the week, waiting for your dogie biscuit!
Glad you're supporting POTUS! Wish you were part of his administration. #republicandreamteam
You've forgot the word chaos...
When is terminating the health benefits  of 20 million people an accomplishment? No alt. plan in sight.  #Obamacare
not one piece of legislation moved in the last four weeks.  Great work!
keep the ball rolling
don't mean it's good though, just more

God bless you Rand, praying for you
what world are you living in
The question is why did it take a worrier like #Trump. You won both houses 2 years ago. #DRAINTHESWAMP
@FoxNewsSunday @Reince Anyone who continually lies/ tells me half-truths not a friend rather an enemy. I expect media to tell truth
you're right. Being obstructionists doesn't count as work.  BTW where is ACA replacement ????
Oh, please, what a load of BS....
in your wet dream right?
what's this we shit?? Im lil r Republican, and I can knowledgeable y say, Rand Paul hasnt done a dam thing!!!
I stand w/Rand!!
Rand Paul has really proven to be a great hero!!!
which is? Like made fake news mainstream and part of government decision making
does it hurt when you sell your soul to the devil? Seems you have done it now.
That's really not something to boast about.
honestly Rand Paul makes trumps hair tolerable
let's see a list because you've done nothing. You did successfully obstruct for six years.
A pretty wide scope....lmao
more crazy and not responsible EOs
dear senator stand by our president and help Make America Great Again. Keep up the good fight.
@SpeakerRyan What r u  waiting for?Americans are getting screwed out here w/our premiums & coverage.Illegals get it free?
let's hear your plan why do we have to wait
When will you audit the Fed?!!!!!
Rand Paul..still the smartest guy in the room with no axes to grind...
I agree
Amen...
SHAME!  SHAME!
President Rand Paul in 2020
Yes, you have. Got our country & half the world in chaos, no one knows what ur boss will tweet or say next, nor does he.
Preach on brother & don't let the dead wood get in the way.
Because the GOP did nothing but obstruct Obama for 8 years! I hope the DNC gets a chance for a payback!
What a joke this guy is. If you repeal Affordable care act it will hurt voters in your state more then most
With repeal and replace maybe people will actually be able to afford to use their insurance.
The only way to control cost is single payer.So long as health care is big business it will be expensive
Ok, I liked you on This Week but I have changed my mind, way too political
I used to look up to Rand.  Now he spews horseshit.
Your my hero, calling out war monger McCain! President Trump is being measured in his responses, not war monger
He is serving his country and along side POTUS - MAGA 
I'm counting on you as are most Americans...stand talk and we'll come to help....Remember the Alamo....
keep it up
#rockinghorse
and of course super biased Fox News news will gladly suck his dick.
American politics are broken. No cooperation between the 2 parties, sad excuse for a democracy.
you guys are so messed up down there. You had 6 years to work with Obama to tweak it and you did NOTHING but complain
news media says we are in total chaos
damn skippy you could wait to get away from Obama and "DO" something. I guess you just had to wait it out.
Well what the hell was the Republican controlled Congress doing the last few years? You didn't start YOUR job last month
Twice nothing is still nothing.
yeah done more to screw up the lives of many people and scare the rest of us to death. Bravo.
I would actually say you have no idea what you're talking about.
yes that's true
8 years of GOP obstructionism, costing tax payers 70 billion dollars seems like a lot of work
@realDonaldTrump 
Amazing job going warp speed with only half a crew ..cabinet... can't wait till all aboard !
and I agree!
It's called #HistoricObstruction
what has he done?! Movement does not equal progress.
perhaps you were asleep for 6 years??
Couldn't wake Harry Reid. History will show where attempts at legislation stopped.
,George Bush was a man of honor and stayed out of Obama's govt! Scumbag Obama has one purpose that's to fuck Trump!
thanks to you and the @GOP for sitting around doing nothing for 6 years #politicsasusual #shitsandwich
we hope to stop you idiots at every turn
Yeah! And all slowly pulling a noose around the neck of American democracy and exceptionalism
They haven't done much, please don't insult peoples intelligence!Until those exec. orders are in Congress and see actions
Private sector mentality versus government slugs. Love the pace. Dems can't keep up.
You are argue Republican who worked hard to make sure Obama couldn't do much...
@JessieGambleWA @RandPaul
Thank you, Rand
that would be to sit back and watch the boy/child dictator have hissy fits? ...promote hate, bigotry, sexism, & the rich?
Sadly that is a true statement. That's what happens when your party's stance is to obstruct the President.
Everybody can see that. Aren't you ashamed?
agreed Uve done nothing last many yrs. what Uve done in last 4wks is nothing to be proud of #notmyrepublicanparty
but at what cost in the long run. I begin to think you don't look past the end of your nose Mr Paul
What happened Rand Paul? Cool Aid or Dollars changed him?
Ahhhh - whose fault is that?
would you guys get Shepard smith and Chris Wallace jobs at CNN. Cnn is getting low on libs
what's he taking really
@klehmann63 @RandPaul 
@FoxNewsSunday @KarlRove disagree...comparing to O with 60 votes in senate passing a bunch of giveaways...
So true! Obama did NOTHING! Trump is on a roll! 
@TupeloJason
great love you man
Wow you are full of shit too
you didn't do anything in last  6 yrs yet republicans controlled senate. You didn't want obama to get any credit
simply because no matter whether what presented for vote-they only vote along party lines!! Vote for content not submitor
yes you have!!!! And we appreciate it!!!! Thank you!!!!
definitely: much more harm
Yep, you've done more DAMAGE in the last 4 weeks than you've done in the last 6 years.
This is not fake news. Paul is correct. Congress has done nothing in the last 6 years & owes us their wages.
its pretty sad that he is having to waste valuable time trying to fix the mess Barack Hussein Obama left
Are you listening @CNN @MSNBC?
that's sad!
that may be because you were all obstructionist dead weight.  You did nothing.  It says more about you than anything else
: Time to write a check back to the treasury for 6 years of salary!
keep going
yeah, more that's detrimental to your country nincompoop.
if shitting all over yourselves counts, then you are correct!
@NativeTatanka @RandPaul because the Democrats love to take vacations no wonder why the country is the way it is
PUT U IN THE HOSPITAL WITHOUT HEALTH INSURAÑCE IS NEXT!! STUPID SHIT!!
Why don't you do something for the people instead of being concerned about the power the GOP can hold over this country?
Keep sharing Rand Paul!! All the good and positive news that is happening 
LIE!!!!
Oh brother. 
TrumpsLieing becoming and infection for The Republican Party.Do you have to kiss TrumpsAss for Federal MoniesforyourState
more shame? I agree!
of course you would say that. You also said you didn't want to investigate Trumps ties to Russia. We know where u stand
There's a New SHERIFF in town!!!#MAGA
What exactly have you done?  Specifically, what have you done that is good for the country?
Because President Obama was there to block your cruelty.
#alternativefacts
Easily!
Making America Great Again! So refreshing, elected officials actually keeping their word!
especially to poor people in need of help.  We r going after them bigly.
It will be, surely, but what a minefield to get there! That ol' enemy loses again!
no kidding, you refused to do anything for 6 years
Trump constantly works for the people.The last 8yrs it's been hard to catch Obama's attention in between tee times.
SOUNDS LIKE THE GOP IS PREJUDICE TO ME Y'ALL DIDN'T WANT TO HELP OBAMA IN NO WAY. WHAT A COINCIDENCE Y'ALL NEED TO FAIL
Chris Wallace needs a step back...vacation...now...when was his last time off?
@justonepatriot @RandPaul 
@RandPaul Fiercely independent, but gives @realDonaldTrump credit, w/ relationship sometimes contentious
THAT'S FUNNY, IF I  REMEMBER YOU AND THE REST OF YOUR COLLEAGUES DID NOTHING BUT OBSTRUCT DIDN'T WANT TO HELP OBAMA...SMH
Chris Wallace needs a vacation
He actually did, but didn't specify it was fucked stuff
doing what? Putting more division in our country? A great leader...UNIFIES not divides
that's because the only thing you have done in the last six years is obstruct.
& I think its even more than four years!  Go Trump!  You are busy bees over there!
because you guys from the GOP blocked everything! Let's we what you can get done in 2019
esp things that only benefit the rich.
weird how that works without an obstructionist congress fighting against the president how things can get done.
