Just repeal it then worry at some point about replace?  Your tune would be different if your insurance was dependent on Marketplace.
The market works far better than the government
I prefer my choice
Rather than the government and oligarchs
Making my medical decisions
How does the market work better when they insure less.  Private insurance also made choices for you, and denied you services.
Less than what?
I've purchased medical insurance & paid medical bills
For about 35 years
Since ACA the med ins market & costs are much worse
One of the reason prices r going up is people who can't afford h-care still must be treated by hospitals. Who do u think pays for that care?
Unfortunately that's not going to get better if we just repeal or pass this health care plan.
I totally agree. We need to adopt Single Payer like rest of advanced nation's in world. It will save Trillions of $ , Cover all.
let Obama care fail. let them own it.
Rand has a plan that will work & move Healthcare where it belongs in the free market, without #cronycapitalism #Repeal #StandWithRand
Rand Paul is for cutting out Medicaid,what happens to disabled Adults & Children?Ppl do u have pre-existing conditions,is it n ur med.chart?
No i he isnt
The people want healthcare and don't give a FIG about the stupid "repeal and replace" rhetoric! That's a promise @GOP made to themselves 
We promised repeal
Rand Paul , you.alone are responsible for the continuance of Obamacare. Stop off and have a drink with Pelosi
Repeal!!! Not obligated to replace. Get government out of healthcare!
Someone needs to either refute the 32 Million lose coverage mantra by Democrats; or explain what this number means.
32 million is how many Able body person's that on Medicare !!!       Medicare is For The disabled' elderly' Children 'sick ' Poor ONLY !
I worked and paid for medicare all my life! I still pay for it out of every social security check. It's not an entitlement. I paid for it!
@FoxNews @RandPaul I wonder if Senator Paul knows there are 100 Senators?
Your point
Mr Paul there are not 52 Senators, there are 100. All Americans should have input via their representatives.
Why can't you get together & get it done NOW?
I dearly hope Senator Paul is thes President after Trump. He is the only hope for this country. A Paul/Gowdy ticket would be a dream.
Not to put any pressure on GOP senators, but failure to 'get this done' WILL cost you and your colleagues their jobs!
@RandPaul hoping mostly repeal all and later bring back free insurance market and help those who need help but reverse all the ahca.
Please don't sell out like @SenTedCruz . I had such high hopes but it seems the Republican Party an be bought.
Then it's not.
I agree with Rand Paul. He's an intelligent, experienced doctor, who knows healthcare better than most. If he doesn't think the Bill is good
While I agree with your position,I certainly hope you're right about getting http://together.GOP  will be hurt big unless you get it done
come 2 the conclusion GOP has no heart wutso ever of passing this they had all this time n the only thing I see they do is sit on their ass
Too many phony republicans want to keep Obamacare. They lie to the American people to get voted in. Time to vote them OUT!!!
Just repeal and get this monkey off our back!!!!
McConnell want OCare lite! He isn't interested in repeal and replace though that was his promise when he couldn't deliver. All empty talk.
No
Why don't congress just repair aca
B
Not pushing upon the people the burden of supporting a system that's driven by greed and power.
Our Government should be creating laws that regulate what the insurance companies cover.
give us the price of http://Obstructionism.how  much does POTUS pay to correct the fake news?Go after the swamp ,Hillary ,Obama,congress,please
52 people who do not represent the majority of Americans?  This cartoon is 8 years old, btw.
Paul has been part of the Rep party for lots of years.  What were you doing for 7 yrs?  Do your job and support the Pres.  Splitting it - no
RandPaul is finally making sense. Congratulations !!!!
Yes, repeal now. Replace later.
It's really too bad, considering there are 100 senators
2% have costly pre existing illness, move those to Medicare or Medicaid based on income, 98% choose affordable insurance for their needs.
All u want is attention. U pull crap like this to put u in front of cameras. Get on board & help POTUS & the people.
Then DO IT
If you all are there on the people' s behalf  you' ll reach great achievements to keep my grandchildren's country great ever...
Why 52.  Why not all 100 get together and address health care cost so premiums will drop. No more smoke and mirrors.
Stop supporting the Dems.
American People promised, "Repeal and Replace", where's the "Repeal" and what are we replacing? Just putting lipstick on the same pig!
Replace Obamacare with another gov't program? Like replacing cyanide with arsenic: Stupid. Get govt out of our lives!
Yes this is what we want we want it completely repealed sunsetted for a year or two and replaced maybe later or maybe never. Fix taxes!!
Answer is-take out medicaid expansion piece & deal w/ that separate.It shouldn't have been lumped in anyway. Repeal onlyi is Repub suicide
Congress has been working on healthcare since the 40's. Obamacare is the closest we've come. You repeal and you will never replace.
This is congress just wanting to look like they are doing something. Putting politics before people.
Stay the course!
Why should my tax dollars be spent on subsidizing someone's health insurance?  I pay for my own premiums.  I don't get tax dollars for mine
In all this time you haven't made that happen. At some point you have to quit being about your wants and work together.
That is why all bills should be "clean" Only addressing one item at a time with no add ons Doing so would stop special interest groups cold
You can't because you have to use budget reconciliation or else Senate will need 60 votes. Dems won't support any change.
In this case that is true However rules can be changed to make all bills "clean" I realize it's a dream but a worthy one for USA to survive
That's a genius plan repeal what works and replace it whenever we can figure it out even though you can't figure it out now your all idiots
Now all of the sudden Rand Paul matters? Should've given him more air time during the election.
I believe that
#CleanRepeal
I guess that your strategy is that it? is that all you have
.@hughhewitt - Rand you had a chance to make your point - you have no Dem's or Repub's. You're on an island by yourself holding up America.
It's as if we're at St. Lo.
Get it done u work for the people not your lobbyist sponsors I am sure u r secure in your position
Better now then later!
I agree
No model for "For-Profit Healthcare Insurance" works.
Business rule: Maximize Assets & Minimize Liabilities
Sick/injured people = liability
If it couldn't be done in 7 years, they can't be trusted to do it in a year. Fix ACA or universal coverage
Yes!!!!!!!
PLUS the 2nd bill would be BIPARTISAN, which is the stability America needs through future shifting balances of power!
ABSOLUTELY NOT! Repeal AND replace must happen simultaneously! That's what was promised by @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul etc! End of subject!
Rand Paul is a Despicable human being.
no one else ever talks about this idea of group plans for self employed. I pay $1200 a month and that's too much
rand Paul is right on letting self employed form association group plans to lower our premiums.
Just repeal......at least do that...it will force all to work together on both sides to come up with a better system...do it!
wow talk about full out admittance of partisanship
If Republicans don't repeal I'm gonna pull a Joe Scarborough. Why should I support a party that doesn't keep its promises?
SenRandPaul  ObamaCare is broken. Republic must pass the Bill. A life time opportunity to get job done. Democratic will never listen to you.
Go for it. Sounds like a great idea.
Look at how other countries with same outcomes and half the cost manage healthcare.  Work with Dem. and you can solve this.
Repeal and replace. That was the promise and that promise has not been kept. Shame on republicans and thanks to Rand Paul for reminding us.
Get it done and done right!
Repeal...replace! Give choices for healthcare plans!
Why no free market with CARE cost never addressed? 1 hosp corp or 2 own all the care in an area thus no competition in cost. Prices r fixed
totally agree.
We already have Medicaid in place expand it to cover everyone. Screw the ins. Companies they are what's wrong with the system
Repeal is a great start the states that took expanded MC should not get help it's the Gov fault for taking the blood money from fed
Single payer is the way to go!!!
That has to be one of the dumbest statements I have heard in a while!...I don't count drumph says because he just spouts dumb shit everyday.
Get rrr done!
They are taking from the poor elderly and children they are punishing the poor they don't have to worry they have money for medical bills
Wishes and prayers!!!
Rand feeling the pressure now..He and Lee are gonna be perceived as Senate loss in 2018. His career is over.
Time for universal healthcare
Rand / please get it done.  But make it right!
Reps will cave in to the will of @realDonaldTrump and throw millions off Medicaid & put out a far more inferior product then Obamacare
Key words "get together'.  Work for American people
Rand Paul is correct! Go back and listen to every speech made by the GOP during the senate reelection #1 pitch repeal and replace!
I agree.  If you give a thing to people you must force it from someone else.  Nothing is free
This would be hilarious if it weren't so damn serious,reps are so pathetic & disingenuous beginning with @ran Paul jockeying 4 the best deal
I agree. Healthcare is not a right!  It is a crazy concept.  Cannot work
Obamacare is the worst possible option
I say REPEAL.    LET each State replace as needed
Yes, one piece at a time if necessary.  Take the rest of the year but get it done before campaigns begin for 2018
Not long ago I paid 4 family insurance at work reasonable got more now on medicare pay more get less
Do something or be the Do Nothing's of the GOP and be GONE! Repairs can be made as we go. Wait and we have single payer when you're replaced
Your party is screwed if you can't! And that something you can't fix with a bandaid.
Repeal....repeal.... repeal......
Too many GOP weasels.. too shortsighted to see only screwing, not saving selves
This is the best solution ACTION  Prove naysayers and MSM wrong
Do it Senator,why waste the time? Itis so idiotic you all, could not draft at least one bill for the last 7 long years?.
Lets hope!!!!
You had almost 8 years prove it or we the voters will replace you
If u cant talk them into it, dump it all. Start new.
Good for you, Senator Paul. Please continue standing up against the conniving thieves in the Senate.
Please repeal and replace a new hc bill.  Don't go to August recess without this being done.
I agree. Repeal the damn thing once and for all. Hey reps, quit pussyfooting idiots.
No, you can't...and you and Sen. McConnell are counting on it.  Why do the people of Kentucky send to DC two Senators who work against them?
ACA regs put hosps and med corps in charge of healthcare. Docs are mere employees. We need docs running healthcare!
@TomCottonAR agree.

@SenateMajLdr republicans are gonna start losing seats if they don't start supporting TRUMP!
Mr. Paul, you make a great deal of common sense but you are working with too many Senators that have a big spending hook in their mouth.
Hope you can ky needs something asap
Get the lobbyist out of your pockets and fix the shit. Or be prepared to be voted out.
Here's one simple answer FIX THE SHIT. it's really getting old now.
NEED NEW HOST OL CHRIS IS A ESTABLISHMENT JOCK HOLDER
need to form a bipartisan committee of experts to perfect and correct obamacare asap.  Then call it something else. u owe us all that.
Then why isn't McConnell doing that?
Keep the pressure on. Complete repeal.  Nothing less. No individual mandate.
No one sees the big picture. What drove insurance cost up in the first place? Skyrocketing health care cost.
If the government wants to control something health care cost would be a good place to start.
That's optimistic considering you now have Senators floating the idea to work with dems to fix ACA instead of repealing it.
I would like that. Repeal, repeal, repeal.
Govt H.C is insane. It's not sustainable. Giving states $ bad too! Liberals States will overspend and blame us for it & beg for govt $!
Repeal it and quit piss'n around
Where the hell have you big talkers been you over promise and undelivered typical GOP shooting themselves in the foot 
I'm with Rand Paul . Repeal Obamacare . All of it .
Repeal now
No good for KY, no good for America, lets repeal Rand Paul
You could probably get 52 American people to do better job and get it done!
I hope to God you can. Tired listening to you talk about it and do nothing. So is everyone else I have talked to.
Anything less than a full repeal of Obamacare hurts hard working Americans like me! BTW I have a child with a non curable disease.
Yes Repeal first!
you need to quit grandstanding and get2wrk,or we will vote u out next time MR-PAUL#tiredofurBS
Repeal your own healthcare! Then replace somewhere down the road!!  You are heartless!!
Makes a lot of sense.....NOT!  People's lives are in the balance!! There are still many citizens insured thru Ocare, it's all they've got!!!
How about we work to remove Government from healthcare completely. The Government does not give a shit about the citizens.
GOP promised 2 fix health care where needed help. People didn't expect to be "RAPED" & Health Care Bill attached to "0ther issues". GOP LIED

Just get it done, or your gonna lose the house Rand
You have only had 7.5 years. Why rush
Personal HSA's considered a joke by Democrats help us save for health care and bring costs down by enabling competition via choice.
You GO @RandPaul !! Repeal, repeal, repeal!!
Why does the King (US Govt) prevent us from having our own HSA if we have an employer plan?
Repeal, Repeal Repeal!!
I think if you guys don't pass the 1 thing you've been promising for the past 7 years you won't have to promise no more after the midterms
Market forces won't adapt without some kind of positive replacement mechanism like deregulation. You cant just simply repeal with no fixes
@RandPaul So,per U,my constitutional "right"2 bear arms is going2force me to have a gun and shoot it! Right, senator vs healthcare rights?
We pay ONLY $29 a mo for 4 children's health Care, dental, vision, no ded,$0 copays thru medi-cal! But $350 for 2 adults for medical only!
Great!  Now, GET IT DONE!!!!!!!!
1. Find out what people can afford FIRST AND I FROM THERE. NOT OTHER WAY AROUND
2. INCLUDE insurances & pharmaceutical co. In  negotiations
Everyone should have at least catostrophic ins. No more than $30 a month. Can't opt out. If not paid, take out  taxes when they file one day
@LouDobbs I am old but still remember Repealing Obamacare was objective in beginning. Just do it & pursue things no one can agree on later.
Just repeal
Then allow those who are unable to have any more kids or any kids, or don't want maternity coverage. Which is costly. Kids covered thru coll
I am old but still can remember Repealing Obamacare was objective in beginning. Just do it & pursue those things no one can agree on later.
Then get it done. Sick of all the divisiveness and delay. How come France is way ahead of us on insurance choice?
7% flat per family, no kids 6%. flat rate. 4m there negotiate with ins.companies what they'll offer 4 that much, then add in govnmt subsidy
If I could pick one person to fix healthcare it would be you. I respectfully ask you to stop single payer here at all cost, Then fix later.
@JTS_1957 Agree repeal was promised first.
What about splitting it? Let insurance Co's sell in any State they qualify, & gov fund me insurance Let Americans choose what works 4 them
Would our gov be competing? Not unless they're exactly the same. They won't be.
Pelosi's statement reminds me why the mess should just be repealed completely. Just another example of responsible government.
The government has no business dictating what insurance I can have or not have!? Everything functioned better before Obamacare!
Can't fix things so let's agree to just make them worse. Gotta do it quick because in 2018 GOP will lose control. Scurry scurry little rats
So why dont u put our taxpayer money where ur mouth is Rand & get those lovely Senators together AND PASS SOMETHING get off TV & get 2 work
Replace Rand Paul and other Republicans who are not supporting the voters
Replace Rand Paul and other Fake republicans not supporting Republicans
That would be like taking your car in to have the wheels replaced, but having to wait till the new ones are shipped. Going nowhere fast.
You had 7 years to come with a complete alternative so now you want us to trust "replace afterwards?!" When is "Afterward?"
It is urgent that the Senators in the GOP repeal and pass a health care bill. If not God only knows the consequences.
repeal $600B yr,that goes to defense contractors,not the $95B yr that goes direct to american health/american people-more healing,less death
The reason you and your Dad didn't make President was you can't see through your thirst for power. Step up to the plate and work with us.
Repeal.  My Doctor told me all you have to do to "fix" healthcare is require insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions.
