It appears that Mr. Trump is listening to Rand's advice and I hope so.  Hopefully, the rest of the GOP will follow suit.
If he is, prepare for even more millions of Americans to lose health insurance. But as a Rand supporter, you're likely ok with that, I guess
No one cared about the millions who lost our Doctors, had our premiums skyrocket, watch as they added huge deductibles because of Obamacare
I do. That's why I'd prefer single payer, with private insurance optional. You know, like in the UK and the rest of the developed world.
No thanks. My healthcare is already being rationed enough because government decided to stick its nose where it didn't belong.
Your healthcare will be rationed by price under this new "plan" more than under Ocare. Have fun reaping what you sow. #brainwashed #Cult45
I don't support this healthcare bill. But nice try!
So you don't support Ocare, this bill, or single-payer. You prefer going back to nothing. That's just great...SMH
Tax credits are NOT socialized medical care! Power back to states isn't either. Read the plan folks!
Repeal don't replace.
Someone explain to me why we can't go back to the Pre-ObamaCare days?
before obamacare insurance premiums were going up 40% yearly NATIONWIDE you good with that?
After Obamacare they've increased 116%. You ok with that?
Wrong. That was in an area in Arizona not nationwide.  its 25% nationwide my dear.  Get some facts. http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-obamacare-premiums-20161025-snap-story.html …
Must have had my numbers confused with insurers that continue to pull out. 
It's not the government's responsibility to provide insurance.
The govt isn't providing insurance. This is all private insurance. Anthem blue Cross Aetna. None is govt insurance
Premiums went up 223% in AL
Premiums went up in GOP run states bc they stopped funding. In Dem states where funded premiums went up least. Look into that.
Maybe you can simplify this for your fellow senators: REPEAL OBAMACARE. Quit trying to replace it. Let the MARKET do that.
Yeah, because that was working out so well before. Duh.
Better than Obamacare. Dont remember insurance comps leaving markets because of regulation from a completely inept and insufficient law...
What I remember is that health costs were the #1 cause of personal bankruptcy. But I guess that doesn't matter to you or @RandPaul
Let's hope so
The word "better" is relative now if it's better to the Americans it's not for the billionaires and vise versa which one is it.
Hey Rand ....won't be long till the trumptards come after you ....better watch out .......#savetheACA
Thank you. Right now, the bill is a rip-off for middle class tax payers. Too many free-bees. Thanks for you leadership.
I want the next 4 years to be exposing the criminal Democrats and their goons! The last 8 years was a crime spree and Mitch and Ryan ok'd it
"Better" for you or "better" for Americans??
Maybe Senate should take recess off. Just keep working for the American people. Work harder to get it done. Recess is not an option.
I agree. The Congress has TOO MANY Vacations. Work for us!
Recess should be for when the work is completed. What is this recess nonsense. What are taxpayers paying for. For recess. Come on.
That is the SCAM of Elected Officials!
Recess hahahhahaha
Don't do Rome's bidding do the bidding of the "people". Let's see a great American sovereign century.
Wondering how REPLACE got tied to REPEAL?! The govt has NO BUSINESS in the Hlth Care biz. #RepealOCareNow pls.
Stand firm!!! Repeal the ACA orlet it fail, but no replacement unless you listen to Ted, Rand, and Mike
Guess what all of that is public record and we're going to remember it on Election Day
CNN fire three reporters over fake news they reported about Trump and Russian collusion but they were only following orders we've seen that
That's another fact for you liberals who don't believe cow horns hook
Mitch McConnell is TOTALLY down with working to make this piece of shit bill better!

Or is he?
Not until after another vacation apparently.
The POS had his life saved from polio by a gov't program, hypocrisy at its finest!
Once again your purism has just tanked the repeal of Obamacare. You won't settle for less than 80% so now you get 0%.
Are you listening GOP
Look again get on board, stop giving medicade away. People need to work.
Even some working people don't make enough for insurance!
My Dad pays 200.00 a month. He makes $1200.00 a month, can he afford it? Hell no wake up nothing is free.
Which is why there needs to be something better for people, especially the elderly, poor and people with pre-existing conditions!
I'm from the generation that believe you work for what you get. Also my Dad lives with us and we take care of him. No nursing home.
Pass the damn bill then focus on making healthcare reform better!
Nooooooo, we already did that, it is called Obama care for crying out loud.
Carol 30% of US employers dropped coverage & opted for fines. O Care outlawed catastrophic coverage. Full repeal not viable or smart.
Thank you, we need good to decide & discuss the best kind of healthcare we need that will work for individuals and small companies Cindy.
Missed word information on decision making choices.
Senator Paul and President Trump....Thank You!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The biggest issues are perscription affordibility & serious sticker shock. 
That is a big deal. I need EpiPen. It's moved up on the tear latter which means it's a real expensive.
And this bill doesnt repeal obamacare and doesnt make pharma lower costs at all. its a bailout to insurance companies
in fact the mandate isnt even repealed.They cant bc they need 60 votes & cant get it so they lowered penalty to 0. its bc ins paid them off
100% repeal! Allow cross state line competition! Discounts 4 healthy lifestyles! Extra charges 4 drinkers, smokers, druggers, & meat eaters!
Come on now. What's a glass of wine and a piece of meat?  Don't want us to have any fun?
Moderation in all things!
Are voting yes yet? If not, what is preventing your yes vote?
Can we please have interstate sales of health insurance? We have only one company here.
FEDS DON'T HAVE AUTHORITY over Insurance & Medical care - NOT CONSTITUTIONAL.
WHO ASKS their SERVANTS for PERMISSION FOR LAWFUL ENTERPRISES
Not better. All new, and one that actually repeals and replaces with Conservative ideas
You want *more* than 23m Americans thrown off their healthcare plans?
Nope. I want Ocare repealed, and replaced with ideas that make health insurance actually affordable and usable.
ACA needs fixing - what GOP were proposing was criminally cruel. They've had 10 years - they have no ideas beyond massive tax cuts for rich.
I'll agree the GOP bill is stupid. Should have done better. But, all it does is rescind all the massive tax increases from ocare.
All it does? Guts 25 % of Medicaid -800bn -throws 23m Americans off their coverage - like using Black Death to cure outbreak of common cold
Doesn't cut Medicaid. Reduces the rate of increase. Supposedly throws 23 million off.
"reduces the rate of increase" is the prime GOP talking point - guts Medicaid - CBO says it. And taking 23m coverage off 23m ppl....insane.
Repealing he whole damn thing removes health care support through Medicaid and subsidies from millions.  Plus - u lost by 3 mill votes
U rightist fascists have dark hearts.  Don't think masses will appreciate.
ARE YOU?  Before Obamacare, my insurance was good.  After, I lost my Doc, deductibles went through the roof, and coverage was negligible.
This is not 'healthcare' - it's a insurance GRAB at Socialist Medicine where healthcare is allocated by bureaucrats.  Think the VA was bad?
When U Get 2 were Ur going, never forget we're u came from.

R congressman have, there more concerned wth lobbyists,lining there pockets
Why people keep voting for legislators who are intent on killing them is beyond understanding.

#RIP
Republican
Insurance
Plan
Full repeal is the ONLY way!
well this isnt a full repeal at all
Agreed, and they need to work on that.
why  socialist med?Want nothing socliast.Please http://Dr.help  with http://that.HELP  POTUS tough guys bothtogether make MAGA
@Obamacare is so much a bullshit overreach hustle for govt control.2 main problems, preexisting conditions&"want, but cant afford" insurance
OCARE, RYANCARE only works if you are ILLEGAL
This is the dumbest tweet I've seen in the past 48 hours, and I've seen a lot of them. Smh. #Cult45
We will not compromise on full repeal! We don't want more gov control!
@RandPaul u have been one of the few I ever trusted in  politics.Lets gets this Job http://done.How  abt free market?Socialist med NO
You don't like the "socialist medcare", but you like "socialist police force in the US"? Because that's what it is - the taxes pays the cops
No id on't like them,but they started it during Obama.Look back and research.
Guys don't get it - ACA will make you try to fix it and all we will get is horrid Single Payer when your fix fails @SenRonJohnson @tedcruz
Do you think that's the real plan?? You may be onto something!!
Obama promised Single Payer "in baby steps" Dems have lured GOP into trap @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader @SenRonJohnson @POTUS @IvankaTrump
The only way to make it better is #FULLREPEAL, Block grant Medicaid to states. Get govt out of my healthcare.
It sounds good, but logistically how do you just throw O'care out the window? They did this on purpose, so it would be impossible to unwind.
#GOP doesn't want to repeal. Establishment Dems & Repubs want power. Govt healthcare IS power & control.They won't give it up easily.
Every month this is delayed it is costing my husband and I 
over 1K for NOTHING.
This bill won't help you. It's just an insurance company bailout w/new names for same old crap.
Seems to me the one same denomination in all these healthcare bill probs, since 2009? Mitch McConnell. Make Senate leadership better.
All Rs are to blame. They had all these years to develop a bill & they didn't. All talk. No action. It's disgraceful. And taking summer off!
But i agree they shouldn't take their summer vaca! Maybe if Dems would come tothe table with ideas it wd help.Ev'one knows O'care is failing
Demos haven't been allowed to sit at the table. The only option they've been given is thumbs up or down unlike when legislating Obamacare.
There were many hearings & the Republicans offered many amendments which were accepted & included in final bill. Modeled after RomneyCare.
Many democrats would like single payer, but that wouldn't have passed Congress. So they took a Repub health care plan as a model & made ACA.
No reason in the world that Dems shouldn't show up and contribute.  Their plan is imploding.
Only thing better I'm seeing is single payer. 
like "amazing" care in Cuba? BTW trump-care doesn't kick people off healthcare it just give people choice and millions will opt out
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2016-09-29/u-s-health-care-system-ranks-as-one-of-the-least-efficient …
we have way too much regulation you are right about that
Full repeal senator nothing else!! 1.7 trillion will be saved if it's repealed that's common sense in my book
If healthcare bill is not passed & ACA stays in effect, Rs will be replaced with other R candidates who will inact their campaign promises.
Rand is pushing for full repeal...Liberal Trump leadership is the problem #StandWithRand
Agree full repeal is best solution. Just don't want to get stuck with ACA if Rs can't reach agreement. Really upset with Rs having no plan.
Sen. Paul you only want to make AHCA worse and want even more Americans to die due to lack of health insurance.
"You want Americans to die!" (Rolls eyes) libtards seem incapable to think past what the headlines tell them.
Problem is, your version of better bill would make it even worse.
Not buying that at all.
@SenateGOP , @SenTedCruz the fraud 5 u allow Dems 2 win by your petulant cowardice I know 1 senator who embarrassed Texas will pay a price
Cowards 4 standing 4 #FullRepeal? Nope. Why's socialized med. suddenly ok? I hope they burn Obamacare down! It's no better w/ an R behind it
I don't care if it dies on the vine, like the dem party is. 2 of the sen r sopposing due 2 the fact they lost their primary & obstruct since
Give the poor & pre-existing issues single hlth c. Let health ins. prdcts bring favorable enrollmnts. Then people will get off welfare.
We had 6 years of OHC. Let tax reform grow our economy and Medicaid use will decline when people can get great jobs.
FREE MARKET HEALTHCARE!!
Yes total competition with no barriers no state lines. Let the ins companies compete for your business. If they do that then we will win!
HELLO, SENATOR RAND PAUL,THE USA IS A STRONG NATINAL DEFENSE AND DIPLOMACY,SURROUNDED BY THE MOON JAE IN GOVT,SAVE USFK!!
Great. WE deserve the best
We Americans appreciate the hard work you are doing Mr. Paul.
Repeal Obamacare! Don't replace it!
Keep it up, @RandPaul . We want to be rid of it, we don't want Obamacare lite.
this could be done in one minute
because we are not leftists and actually believe in something besides party power
Why haven't you and others pushed for McCabe to be investigated for committing treason against @GenFlynn #BringFlynnBack #FLYNNisaPATRIOT
Better how?
Probably not. That's why McConnell has to go
Just repeal Obamacare that's what we elected GOP to do. Don't believe skewed polls that say most want to keep it. Get rid of it already.
MR.RAND PAUL, DONT GIVE IN.
DO make a law to prevent states like CA from thrusting us into socialized medicine. THIS IS AMERICA, NOT GERMANY, UK, PORTUGAL, etc.
I want Trump to be successful 
This health care debacle is hurting 
the President & GOP! 
Let's get the job done Right!
Then Get to what our side is good at, TAX REFORM!
No, Senate is not leadership :)
FREE MARKETS across state lines. Ppl choose what to spend $ on. If u want health ins buy it, have to give up something else or work harder.
Why can't we all just hv the same Health Care as our Government? Taxpayers pay for yr health care why should u have it better than us?
BINGO!!! Because evidently,  we are lesser beings as are the working poor and middle class families who can't afford decent healthcare.
Not really sure you can make this bill "better", other than shredding it and starting over.
Great way to pass laws. Compromise helps us get better laws.
I hope by "better" he is referring to the free market.
Better ask @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @GOP @AARP for starters!  
WE DON'T NEED B O CARE LITE. REPEAL AND GIVE US WHAT THE CONGRESS HAS.  THEY SEEM UNINTERESTED IN LOSING THAT.
Bottom line. Left failed US w/ incompetant ACA. Right had 7 yrs to perfect a fix. They fumbled. They have great health plans. Pathetic.
Making it better for whom?  The tax cut recipients?
Make it better by single payer- Medicare for all or put USA ON YOUR free healthcare. Wealthiest do not need tax cuts; they must pay more.TY
Better according to whose opinion, yours or his? Sorry Senator you I trust, Trump not so much.
Total Repeal!!!
This bill is trash the only way to make it better is to kill it!
#full repeal
If by better, you mean full repeal of ACA.  Anything less is a failure
As soon as the conversation pivoted from #RepealObamacare to #RepealAndReplace you should've known we were about to get sent up the river.
If this bill doesn't pass, McConnell should step down from his leadership role.
The GOP Senate is vile.
@RandPaul is a grand stander, it's not about the people he serves, it's self serving. Like watching @TheJuanWilliams talk on @FoxNews
WHAT A WASTE OF TIME. LISTEN TO WE THE PEOPLE FOR A CHANGE! REPEAL OBAMACARE & DO NOT REPLACE IT. WE DO NOT WANT GOVT RUNNING OUR HEALTHCARE
Be a TEAM.  Stick together, pass the Dang Bill then modify it as needed. There is so much to be done.  Keep moving.
The dang well better be! We are sic of y'all actin like the left! Get off ur a$ses and get this done! I'll vote trump again but not so sure
There are many Conservative Republicans who appreciate all you're doing!  I'm one of them.  Thank you!
No more Lobbyist=more legitimate bills not full of extra crap. So sick of Washington thinking they are better than the rest of America!
Well, better be ready to give handouts to some lobbyist. How DC works.
Thank you this bill should not pass because it does not repeal and that's what we need. But there some even republicans that don't want to
@BigLeague_2016 @realDonaldTrump Rand Paul is an Obama flag waver. Needs to go ASP. Two faced anti-Trump Obama plant. Democrat??
Rand Paul is exerting real leadership. Does not cave to Trump or Sen. pressure and stands firm on principle toward free market insurance.
So leave then
#repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare 
#FullRepealACA
Set date to END OCARE. Explain $ people will owe in ND if it continues. Remove Dem attempts to block replacement, FORCE them to neg
Don't bend unless the bill@massively improves.
The better be or they won't be in senate for much longer!  It's time to begin working for the people that voted them in!
Do what Trump offered, coverage for all.
I remember as a kid in school that if you screwed around in class too much you didn't go out during recess. Y'all think you earned recess?
Kaiser foundation says only 45% companies provide insurance! Many Walmart ppl cannot afford insurance. Working poor. Elitist
Senate leadership just  runs up the clock,  waste tax$  focus on getting reelection. McConnell might as well have a D in front of his name
Thank you for fighting so hard for America and Americans. Thank you for working with POTUS45. You are a true Statesman.......
Provide medicaid for the poor.  Help to allow buying insurance over State lines.  Get GOVERNMENT OUT OF HEALTH INSURANCE.
GOP Reasoning For not taxing the Rich is that the members of HOUSE/SENATE fall in the 1% of RICHEST WHO'VE ALREADY TAKEN TAX BREAKS!
WHATEVER YOU DO, NO MATTER HOW GOOD IT IS, dems will ABSOLUTELY VOTE AGAINST. PERIOD. So get yourselves together and get what WE NEED DONE.
Wow a Senator that has wants to MAGA! Thank you sir!!!
The GOP should junk the crap health care plan they want to pass and pass Rand Paul's Obamacare repeal bill. Fully repeal Obamacare.
It's important you guys find a solution.  Dems are hoping you fail.  They will use it in 2018 elections. We can't have that.
Anything is better then ob care, tweek it later.
Stop introducing "taxes" that are called healthcare reform. This will be the end of the gravy train for many of you if it isnt stopped!!
He doesn't have a notion Rand! Rand Rand take a stand and admit what we all know already! #DrumpfIsAFraud
Define better!
They better be, 2018 is close
So @RandPaul is it better putting Grandma on the street? #Heartless #Conservatives #Medicaid #AHCA stop the politics!! #fixit ! #ACA
Repeal this and let the state's decide on healthcare.  Gov has  business in this healthcare except line there pockets with money.
We don't want better, we want it GONE!!!
What the hell is wrong with you people no one can work together even democrats sucks you just got my last vote ever
Hang in There Dr. Paul you are doing the right thing!!!! Thank You, We have to get this right!!!
Let's go senators!!!! Serve the American people and pass this bill!!!!!! #MAGA
You believe @realDonaldTrump?  I see ... you cut a deal with #trump!  #WhiteHouse Cabinet position?  $$$ for you and your family?
by choice not by force anything wrong with that
Nope!!
If Democrats would get the rightful blame when O-Care crashes next year I'd say let it fail. But, the Press will make sure Repubs r blamed.
If #Medicare patients could find a good Dr instead of Big Pharma pill pushes, it would be great improvement!
Thank you for your leadership on this issue.
What is wrong with repealing it?
Simplify. Based on income ~ percentage scale. Stop feeding the insurance scams !!!!
Stand tough!
I'm a para on wheels due to Obama's bill & regs! Home bound and robbed of my quality of life! Repeal ACA mess!
You spent the last 6 years complaining about the ACA, but there was no there there. It was just a bunch of campaign lies.
@SenJohnThune was on TV saying "A Better Way"!!!!! Omg! Stop letting insurance co's write the bills!
The REPUBLICAN PARTY is a "SHIP WITHOUT A RUDDER!" Paul Ryan is "WORTHLESS" He is a "NEVER TRUMPER" We NEED someone to STEP UP and LEAD!
Unfortunately the ranking republicans have never led anywhere. We won in spite of their indifference toward us. It is easy to baca follower
Repeal.  Don't replace.
Nope !!
They better be.
Get the job done. Time is a wasting
All rep and dems were in on the crap. ITS THE NWOS PLAN. It was never going to work Part of the destruction of America
You got that right Deborah 
Keep Obamacare!!!! Don't change it at all!!! If it survives, fine. Hopefully, it's dedicated customers will survive, too.
Call them what they are Rand. RINO Moderate Obstructionists. The gov't first Democrat loving wing of the Republican Party.To be gone in 2018
Would love to be in on conversation with you and  President Trump.  Seems you both share some common sense ideas.
Get it done!
Since your idea of making it better is to shitcan all of national health care, I don't think the Senate will follow your lead.
Idiot!
get on board and start working with the Rest of republican congress.  If you are not part of the solution your part of the problem.
You do not determine when you are going to get sick,get hurt or die. Because we do not know, we all must be in.
Your fighting the GUTLESS RINO's! Protect us please
Hypocrit. Glory seeker.   Hold your friends close. .. as they say.
Get this passed!  No vacation until you get your job done!!!
How many seats have voters delivered to the Repub. party now? We can get things done and we must! How many more seats do we need?
@SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan you 2 had since election to get the votes! LOSERS! Draining the Swamp starts with you 2! Pathetic
For America!
Fingers, toes, and legs crossed!
No. Senate leadership is a bigger joke than Trump admin. You're all idiots.
Rand, please just filibuster this steaming pile of shit and demand a clean repeal with a return to the free market. More Mises, less Marx.
After seven years, you have nothing better?  The hell with all of you, know that without Trump voters YOU are nothing.
Thank you, Senator Paul. Are they considering the sale of medical insurance across state lines? Wouldn't open competition drive cost down?
THAT GOOD. "Haste makes waste".
Better? Going to add more tax cuts for the wealthy? Raise the 3.8% and do not make cuts Medicaid.
Simple Single Payer
Senator paul stick to your guns repeal completely no more entittlements for the abled body workers
He never read the bill and wouldn't understand it if he had. If you're gonna make it better, how about working on it in the open?
Is Rand Paul, in a realistic, non-pie-in-the-sky way?
They willing to let insurance be purchased in free market system across state lines?
It is never going to be worth a fuck unless it involves getting rid of insurers.
Senator Rand Paul, what about Big Pharma, what is being done about that. What about selling insurance across state lines?
Dems trying to make the case for single payer. WE CANT LET THIS HAPPEN!
Come on Rand, get on board. Give it you best shot then vote YES
And dude, being "open" to making it better is political speech for, "Yeah uh-huh, ok, yeah, sure, ummm, better, yep that's right, better.
Please read my ideas for lower costs!!!
Don't bet your ass on it.
Straight repeal?  Then get together and work it out folks.
Free Market Health Insurance....#Insurance across State Lines
where is your draft that you should have been working on 4 the past 8yrs. I see it as you had no intentions
I seriously doubt they are...
