Do you have a clue where the secret meeting on the secret Obamacare replacement bill will occur? Reply with your tips!
I will be on @CNN around 11am to talk about this and more. Tune in!
Sorry Senator I boycott CNN. THEY ARE FAKE NEWS!
why the hell would they leak an incomplete plan to thenpubluc..I think you need to go stomp ur feet elsewhere
seriously?? Who's side are you really on
@trento_b relax and let's get it right stop the show boat and bitchin
Regular order isn't so regular, Rand.  It's  BS. Keep digging. I don't agree with ALL your policies. Dont have to. Just most.
•Today, We All Know
Why That Wi. Weasel,
Paul Ryan, Kept It Under
Lock And Key.
-It Ain't What POTUS45 Promised!
@realDonaldTrump
Perhaps it's hiding with @SenateMajLdr's integrity.
Are you mad bcs you are not part of it? It'll come to light, worry not.
Please stop the BS! I'm sure you will see it.
It is not a BILL until it is introduced. YOU passed the last one without reading it. Why the change?
YOUR replacement plan is excellent!  My friends & family agree. Just Say No to Obamacare Lite. Thanks & keep fighting for yours!
they have been hiding their plan for 30+ years or they have been blowing a lot of hot air.
You'll find it....right next to the Ark of the Covenant.
@karen58Romans why replace it.  Turn it over to the insurance companies. Do not need gov involved
Give them a chance to work on it before presenting it
JUST A PUBLICITY STUNT?
you need to get with President Trump. Repeal ACA, don't replace. Americans don't want another gov entitlement program
I ask you, @RandPaul Senator Paul, what would YOU have us replace #Obamacare with, once it has been repealed? And what shall we call it?
any chance that this legislation doesn't actually exist?
and come up with new ways can they screw the little guy and help the insurance companies?? Tax credits to poor people? NONSENSE!
I remember when Obama $ Co. did this with the ACA.

https://mobile.twitter.com/RandPaul/status/837688170674327554 …

https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=hV-05TLiiLU …
The Obamacare replacement bill remains hidden from the public! What secret location will they meet in this weekend to work on it?
Opposition calls for competent place.  Take time to get it right and it is a secret.  Why volunteer to help rewrite?
Rand you normally make sense, but you know good and well that if details leaked to media, there would be chaos, even if  perfect
Really surprised that you are not involved in help writing this bill. Maybe because you're a senator ? In a way, you have status !
Really sad your parents never taught you to keep family business within the family. You are the best democrat on the team.
Stay on them!! Wish you were #SpeakeroftheHouse
@Lora4justice I believe they are at the "kill of the old and disabled and poor" so that the rich can have a better life"
I believe you may be right @AnonBruja
sadly it seems so.
This Bill originates in the House, Senator Rand. What... you slept in Civics too?
demand it be shared with you and the rest of our reps
Also, we have to hold insurance companies, including the Gov't's, accountable for their failure instead of hurting recipients.
You must understand that the healthcare system must change to a disease immunity/wellness enhancement system or it will fail.
You would think that they would want Mentally ill to be treated so they therefore there would be no treatment barriers.
Who knows but why Senator, when both parties complain about Mental Health, is Medicare & Private Insurance allowed to discriminate
This is ridiculous.
ha ha. Do put s half assed bill out and let all the leftist pundits rip it to shreds! Wait until it is ready.
correction..Go Get Them (meaning Lying corrupt politicians)
Go het them...Trump won bc of politicians like these...We The People are behind you!@PrisonPlanet
for whose care this bill is?

- how do you sleep at night knowing that countless people will die because of you and your GOP cronies?
who is meeting?  Tell us which RINOs are hiding this so we can tweet at them.  I hate fake conservatives.
Relax Red. Let the legislators finish their work. We will know what's in if, prior to voting on it.
it doesn't exist. It's not a secret, it's nonexistent. It's alternative healthcare
why? Don't understand it
The meeting is under a desk in Ryans office hiding from the democrats while they attack our president. You all are cowards
Respectfully sir, the House need not share until the bill is ready for review. I'm sure the Senate will see it before it comes out
The @WhiteHouse is always empty on the weekend, they're probably working there.
I thought the republicans were supposed to be the good guys. Not secretive 'pass the bill to see what's in it" type people...
come on Paul. Get this to us. The Americans who are paying your wage. This has been a bunch of crap I have a plan. But no one does
Moscow...
stop the whining.
I'm sure in a room full of the drug/insurance lobby.
My guess they are trying to limit leaks. I say tweet directly to  President Trump & ask to be part of initial group making chang
maybe you can't be trusted.
the bar!
Just like your Dad, always whining but never sponsoring a bill
senator, u've been duped by those who supported to repeal it. We knew this will happened, when will u see they're not our friends
I think they're watching CNN and Fox News preparing their next tweet.
why give you a head start on tearing it apart? Go sit in a corner somewhere
Honestly? Is It that bad? Burn Your Eyes Bad? I don't get it :-)
You have every Tea Party Conservative, Indie/Dem Deplorables behind you.. Ryan's really screwing up... gonna crash Dow
How about working with fellow Repubs?  It's time to lead.  That's why we voted R!  Get together and work for, " We the people."
No replacement! It's not the government's job to provide health care!
What's the big secret, they better allow enough time for the people and lawmakers to read this time.  
@WhiskeyChiefs Hillary's basement?
have you looked in trumpland or in Paul Ryan's "A Better Way" pamphlet, or in the slime of the House of Representatives and Senate
they are going skiing. No work this weekend
Maybe Ryan is meeting with Obama to rewrite Ocare.. for Valerie Jarrett and Gruber to put in more mandates and  power to the Feds
Senator.. put a stop to this cronyism GOPe Ryan back door sneaky bill that Special interests take over and write..
Same as Boehner.. Ryan meeting with Donors.. Special interests (Swamp) in backrooms again..Block this bill, We're sick of this
.@RandPaul Put a tail on lobbyists and Ins Co execs and you'll find the location. Law makers will have no say & consumers still get screwed
@KamVTV or do they not want anymore leaks till it is finalized and they can control who gets to talk about it. Remember #leaks?
Mount Cheyenne? Eagles Nest? The Greenbriar Hotel? a secret hideout in a coal mine somehow owned by Russia and Goldman Sachs? 
Maybe the Russians stole it.
How about universal care? Why not have Medicare type program for everyone that will have premiums based on income
@KamVTV Why give Dems a reason to attack an unfinished product.
@KamVTV Stop trying to make the GOP look bad.  We don't need to see it until it's ready.
Maybe Obama's house.
SHAME on @SpeakerRyan...the Dirty Trickster of the majority party.
Congressional GOP cannot handle media pressure. They are afraid of defending it.
@TNDemocrats Most likely  Russia
I worry not - I KNOW it will be a reality very soon - regardless of the whining & gamesmanship playing out in the MSM
U don't have an actual plan if you have to hide it.  (e.g. democrats 2009)
@EscapeVelo 

I'm picturing a high stakes strip poker table with politicians half naked in a not quite abandoned warehouse.
@wendy_soxy1girl well this is what you get when you sold your soul to the orange conman
please find it - its lost. I heard it was being drafted in Singapore
Hey @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOP WHAT ARE YOU DOING?! We sent you there to do OUR WRK- #FullRepeal No #ObamacareLite ! STOP!
there are new congressional rules established by @NancyPelosi et al.,  you must pass the bill before you can read it!
@GiGito31959 so?? I'm sure they are trying to control all the leaks! When it's done you and everyone else can review it.Calm down
Evil Dems are every where. probably not from you.  I do like what I heard from your plan.Good Luck let's get good plan in place.
PAUL RYAN IS YOUR CULPRIT..
We are now Paul Revere warning that the #GOPExodus is coming! #GOPExodus is coming! And we won't stand for any #BenedictArnolds
Is that because of Obama's leftovers waiting to leak, manipulate, and cause chaos? Are you suggesting the big lie?
#StandWithRand
#JeopardyStyle Answ: "What is Area 51?"
#CompromiseSecrets will not pass unless you keep Medicaid expansion and take care of middle income families
And how exactly can anyone vote on it if they haven't read it??
You'd think with all the leaking in Washington that someone would leak this. It's not like the Dems own it either way.
.@RandPaul 
The Hooters on 7th St NW.  But keep it quiet.
@SpeakerRyan the Snake is hiding it for his corporate masters. Ryan needs to go. Make room for either McCarthy or Collins.
they know that if take revoke healthcare and their protections from millions of people, Trump won't be re-elected in 2020.
This member of the public is interested in the finished Obamacare replacement, not a progress report. Best to you and your Dad!
@aduanebrown That's good bc if senate democrats get any info they will start screaming oh no this & oh no that
why are you not part of the group working on it?
I heard there's a Starbucks with a secret room in the back where they draft replacement bills for all of Obama era laws...
Who is they???
You should go before the senate dressed like Sherlock Holmes and start a committee to find the bill.
do you remember "if you like your Dr you can keep your Dr"? "You must pass the bill to find what's in it"? See the Hypocrisy?
I'm all for repeal. I'm more for getting govt out of the healthcare business all together. HC is not a constitutional govt mandate
why are you being frozen out?  That's the better question.
Nancy  Pelosis' office
Be careful!
Bc they have people like Paul Ryan trying to attach their agendas to the bills. Should have gotten rid of him.
Agreed! I don't trust him at all. I think he will stab POTUS in the back the 1st chance he gets.
Absolutely!   Pay based on results  might stop dragging  feet & stonewalling. Ridiculous!
we should ensure no incumbent gets reelected.
The White House? Trump'll be Florida again, and as long as nobody's home...
Ask the NSA. Apparently spying on US citizens was ok during Obama years.
maybe they need to pass it so we can see whats in it. Maybe theyre taking pointers from pelosi.
investigation. Investigation investigation. Somethings wriong in trumps house
probably at the Russian Embassy...just say'n
that's sarcasm just for Dems...
my guess is mar-a-lago
the rinos are just as bad as the democrats they need to go like the whig party
where is @realDonaldTrump ??  He should be bringing you into the fold on this
why can't the Gov just get together on this.  The #Pres says it's difficult but the #Capital is making it more difficult. Let's go
you have to vote to see what's in it.
I'm a fan, but truly this is nuts. By your own admission it's a work in progress. Makes no sense for it to be released.
With the amount of leaks happening is it not a good idea to hide it till it's presented?
ACA replace-Limit right to pre-existing conditions to 1st 3 months of eligibility for Trumpcare-this will solve loss of mandate
truth is if gov't had any integrity We would have #SinglePayer and Transitioning2CleanEnergy
they are being sneaky..something is up..
Obamas house!! Republican Wolves dressed in sheeps clothing. #Elections have consequences
You have to pass the bill to see the bill. Not a new policy.
we will C it when finished. Dems are destroying the GOP as we speak. You might want to get off your hands & fight for your party
The ONLY way they will listen to the voters over the donors is if we threaten to leave the party. #WhatsItGonnaBeGOP? #FullRepeal
We are now Paul Revere warning that the #GOPExodus is coming! #GOPExodus is coming! And we won't stand for any #BenedictArnolds
has it occured that maybe...a bill doesnt exist?  Surprise - right wingers have sat on their ass for 8 years...charades!
r u sure it exists?
The TeaParty was started by a random rant on the Chicago Trading floor. And it made history! Time for another grassroots movement!
maybe Nancy pelosi's house?
Thanks for illuminating this deceitful move.
Voters need 2start counter campaign to get the GOPs attention. Either #FullRepeal by 4th of July or we unregister as GOP voters.
love how you guys leak to the unelected Press to get your way! How about old school meeting ppl half way? Try it!
might want to wait till it's done.
They have this. You need to focus on what the Democrats are trying to do to your party or you could keep blinders on and lose it.
this is BS discuss it publicly or at least let senators who want to participate
Trump tower
who's included in this meeting?! Names please
You cannot disclose what does not exist Republican healthcare-less plan. 7 years of obfuscation NO PLAN
Found it!
or buy healthcare. 
Didn't they invite you?
Keep their feet to the fire on this! Glad to have you & @BenSasse in Senate & @justinamash in house.
still better than what the #Democrats pulled. Also, your colleagues leak like a sinking ship...no one can be trusted.
Why are you so desperate to see it before its ready for release? You and EVERY Congressman will get to see it before a vote. Geez
because this is sour grapes. The fact he went on CNN to whine tells me all I need to know about Sen. Paul.
speaker Ryan is trying to get Mitt Romney to finish writing it.
Keeping the Bill close to the breast until ready to release for scrutiny is smart! I suspect you are grandstanding for ur career.
Agree! The #Democrats are bad, but these #Republicans are just traitors!
It makes me sick. Its true Dems lock ranks, but at least we are willing to call our own on the carpet. Its a C22
C22=catch22
the worse part is that these Republicans think that going on CNN will score them any points.
Exactly. "Don't cast your pearls before swine" =trying to reason with the unreasonable, giving to the ungrateful.
just repeal the GD thing, then FIX the old system!!! Anything is better than this!!!
For the #Corporations by the #lobbyists is occurring. #Obamacare #Constitution
Camp David
@nbc30rock
We have some stupid leaders but that comes from stupid voters... It is a vicious cycle.  Thank you Mr Paul for all that you do!
disgraceful. Your GOP buddies may be the biggest opponents to the citizens.
Senator, I am ashamed you are shocked they would want to keep it under wraps until they introduce it. No matter Dems will rip it.
Thank you Rand!! Keep fighting
retweet=basement, like=bathroom stall Vote now!
who is charge of this bill
quit showing off
I hear Siberia is lovely this time of year.  Quiet, isolated and away from the prying eyes of you and the media.
understand your frustration but i just wish everyone would have fought the muslim obama as hard as they are fighting the PRESIDENT
I am so frustrated with this behavior.  Republicans acting like democrats doing things in secret is not what we voted for.
I don't see how you can stand to caucus with those monsters.U and Bernie should start a new party and forget about the establishme
