Trump's dangerous effort to distract us from Russia connections will NOT work. Assad bad but breaking Constitution impeachable! #WagTheDog
So u mean #US turn their back &  chicken out & let #Russia #Iran #,SYRIA capture DWorld? What is #US. @POTUS position in D World Ignorance?
There is a worse danger in rolling over to them!
Get the healthcare bill done, let the president do his job and you do yours. He doesn't need your permission and u know it.
Great danger in taking a dump with a snake in the toilet too....
sure sitting on our hands was working so well. Instead of criticize how about a solution that is credible?
Russia is a weak power. It's sad to see how u defend Russia,Iran and Assad!
It is a shame to side with terrorist regime of #Iran, ignoring slaughter of children in#Syria by Assad & Puttin .@POTUS
Trump and gens are playing games with Putin. Putin said intentionally did not shoot down cruise missiles for pol reasons, avoid conflict US.
your sounding A LOT like the spineless leader we had running this country for the last 8 yrs.
YOU ARE WRONG, SENATOR
Clinton and Obama were beating the war drums over a damn election and now you're concerned about rattling Putin's cage?
Oh so let's hide in the bushes & hope that Russia plays nice. do your job- get the healthcare bill done & let the commander in chief do his.
@KazmierskiR @RandPaul Putin is probably fed up with Assad.  Putin  isn't use to being embarrassed, I'm sure!
@tempteststorm2 Assad was an embarrassment to Russia. Better have a taste tester. May find himself poisoned. Quit gassing people. Warning
WHAT WOULD "YOU" BE DOING, SENATOR??? HIDING IN THE BUSHES?
@tempteststorm2 think you and a few other Republicans need to get out of their stuffed shirts and grow a backbone.
The danger, Senator, is to allow a thug use chemicals on his people.
So why isn't Germany knocking out the site? Why isn't France doing it? How about we follow Constitution & declare war?
It was and is not war. It was a response of a thug breaking international law.
CA children I need to know more! Mainstream media glossed over. I think Trump bombing set this off
YOU MUST BE A MILITARY GENERAL TO BROADEN YOUR KNOWLEDGE ABOUT NUCLEAR POWER AND ITS PAST HISTORY. UNFORTUNATELY, YOU ARE A POLITICIAN.
Maybe we should consider defense instead of offense...
What do you expect from a Documented Serial Liar who is owned by Putin.  You reap what you sow.
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
You're a wise man, unlike kneelers/worshippers to a salesman. 
There are MILLIONS of children dying/being harmed in USA Daily, trump does 0.
So everyone here is apparently ok with us being world police again? Didn't #Trump say we're not doing that anymore?
It's not policing, it's genocide! #BigDifference please think before you speak, thank you!
We disagree on this 1 Obama made us look so weak and stupid . President Trump needed to show our allies we are not weak. Put fear in enemies
As they're saying and my husband said it's about time America sure their balls instead of talking them in like gay OB & Transv wife Michael
True enough .  God Bless
Ya think?
Rand Paul is right  he should have been president
And thats why your not president... #go play golf with Obama
AND is great danger in kneelg to BULLIES-that never gets better- you assume intelligent,not psychotic- no Constitution if had not fought.
They don't mind bumping up against us Sonny Boy, step aside and let the real men handle world security. Go do healthcare and tax cuts. Go!
RAND!!!! WHY TF COULDNT YOU BE TOUGHER ON IMMIGRATION. DAMNIT!!!
Time to stand up and live on the edge.
Stand for freedom...stand on the wall.
So I guess but your assessment we should sit by and do nothing why don't you switch to the democratic Party you sound like one
why does Fox even let him be news?  Ignore him and we will not know what he thinks.  We don't care!
Much greater danger from you as a Sen. please move to another state!
Please move to another country! Maybe Syria, since he so worried about them! But
Go sit in the corner with Barry Rand. Bad boy!
Cant run like cowards like we have been in past 8 years! Thats why the world does not respect us now! Gotta prove ourself AGAIN!
Right, so better to crawl into your shell and pray to god they don't come for you at home
So sit back and watch ?
Now you're a critic, the other day you were a cheerleader. Might want to make up your mind!
Good one!! 
If we don't step in to stop the madness, then who does.
Go to bed
Grow a set there Rand
Rand you are the PROBLEM w the Republican Party, You sir are destroying it
So sick of Rand Paul.
You and me both 
Please get this presidential plan to President Trump, http://phibetaiota.net/2017/04/special-donald-trump-in-enemy-hands-syria-causus-belli-is-utter-crap/ …
well we cannot just sit there and watch a madman gas his own people with chemicals. What is your suggestion? Didn't he cross the "red line"?
agreed with you 100% but maybe is time to face the reality and see who is who in this planet.
Typical weenie politician
Shuck the fear.
Rand, does constitution automatically give you all the freedom you enjoy today?
I think you are over reacting to this issue. Russia doesn't want a war of any type. Leading from behind is the cause & effect of this event.
... lets not do anything dangerous ,,, Seriously?? Sounds like the libs
Rand Paul one of the most conservative people on the planet & not supporting actions taken last night to stop Assad & Putin from using CW???
So put a bill together and get it passed that pulls the U.S. completely out of the Middle East and let them go at it.
That would be great! The point was to make homes-safe places 4/them there instead of spreading them around the world, seeking asylum! Hlp@Hm
Ya Think Rand? I think you have a squirrel on your damn head. Both comments equal in their intelligence.
Has to be that he is knocking on a door and no one is letting him in again.
Did none of you see this the day BEFORE the Syrian chemical attack?
it is not a war it is a strong potest against gasing populaitons, those actions discourage wars..
Your treading on light ground.We know why chemicals were used on innocent children!Because there's been cowards last 8 yrs.!2 worried abt Hw
Another reason I'm grateful Trump is POTUS
You would you twit. You an Obama follower??
Don't do anything, let them roll over us. I'm going down fighting with millions of others.
Puss !!! You're no better than Obama in doing nothing to support innocent people killed by WMDs
Put your big boy pants on. Learn your laws then get back to us.
Senator your party is now in charge so stop with all the negativity we elected Trump to make our country strong again. Stop being weak
You have to go at this situation with authority...not pussy foot around and wait til we get attacked on land here
Senator I used to respect you. Now you are just a total obstructionist start supporting your president and your country.
Dude, you're seriously losing respect of AMERICAN ppl very quickly. Grow spine. U belong 2 inept body that can't agree 2 tie their own shoes
I was shocked to hear him say suchI thought he should have been in the party but not now
There's danger in not.
We can't just let them use chemical weapons now can we Senator
I as Kentuckian ! I'm ashamed of you! And will remember ! What about all those civilians and baby's
Then we just stand by and watch children get murdered?
These are dangerous times. Wagging a finger and saying bad dog to a rabid out of control one that is mauling is not a solution.
hopefully all the Dems will be happy that we are this much closer to a Nuke war with Russia
Fox reported our military warned the Russians hour before strike on Syrian airfield. Russia must not have told Syria. That's good!
Yeah Why not put this shit our there for them to see.  Show the other side the division, jerks
You are weeny, go on to recess
Politicians like Paul are the reason why America took so long to enter WW I and WW II millions died because of it #GOP #DC #MAGA
Love & Respect @RandPaul . Still I support @POTUS x 60 . Backed by precedence and a needed response for use of chemical weapons.
Really? Sometimes you have to step up and do what's needed. Stop saying this is not constitutional it is and we support this and him
One of the many reasons Paul got less than 1% of the vote in the GOP primaries. LOSER!
Do treaties against using these weapons supersede our Constitution? Anyone? I'd don't know, but would like to. Someone post please.
You are disappointing us.  I guess letting him gas women and children is okay.  Ever thought we might be next. Get behind our POTUS.
Ain't that some bull ? I was surprised to hear him say that! Thought he was on right track till now
Too late...Kim the younger is bumping us
Yes I remember the Cuban missile crises - the whole world was holding its breath!
More danger putting a freedom-hating racist in charge of US Law Enforcement-Or did you vote for Jeff Sessions to appease his Russian master?
Almost every country has come out supporting the president's actions senator. Except you Russia and Iran
Doing whatever they please around the world. He did not declare war but sent a one time message that it will not be tolerated
I rarely agree with AynRand, but he is correct here.  We cannot continue to unilaterally police the mideast.
Once again we're not policing! Genocide is something that we need to step into! If it were your kids, think about it! Rand Paul is a traitor
The danger is this ball less congress we have been putting up with the past 30 & their socialists views .Vote for conservatives in 2018
I totally agree, Ryan, McConnell, McCain, all the gutless wonders need to go.  But these are the ones Trump is aligning himself with now
You have no right to speak of everyone in this  country. Not all of us condemn his actions. Someone has to stand up to these countries...
And just who is supposed to take out the trash of the last 7 years of a failed presidency?!  You are wrong @RandPaul
True. Was Syrian strike worth it? Not if Russia decides to escalate.
They won't! They would've warned Syrians if so since had an hour warning themselves. Plus if u read many things explain #ThatWon'tHappen
Just precaution, guy called into Conservative radio this morning, was with military and said the was not S gas, hope we are not being ayed
Time to show US means business. Time for serious thoughts and actions. Rand Paul man- up for a change. Be 4 strength in the US for a change
Obama ignored the elephant in to room , over and over , now it's a marauding stampede, And Trump is on Safari.
There are lots of things in this world worth defending and taking this risk for. The continuing chemical attacks on innocents is just one.
Maybe he should shut up and go back to cleaning teeth.  Read the constitution before you pretend to enforce it.
It is unfortunate our Congress is so dysfunctional we cannot rely on them to do anything effectively or in a timely manner. I support Trump!
The fact that this is uttered by only a single US politician, ought to be deeply, deeply disturbing to everyone.
.@FoxBusiness & @RandPaul Here's a great explanation of why action by @POTUS was LEGAL:
#StandWithRand
Thank you, you are absolutely correct! Some of the things he's people say above… OMG I want to scream! 
U.S. can't allow Russian aggression in the world. Ukraine is a perfect example.
And there's a grave danger to allow a country to use chemical weapons, more than once on its own people.
Talk to @AllenWest about this sir! You are proving to be a wobbly Republican just like all of the 16 that got defeated by Trump!
Rand again, Russia was notified of the attack 30 mins prior. If we're bumping into them. Why did they back off. You're in the wrong here
You won't know that until time has passed.
Oh well
Unfortunately USA Had To Take A Stand Against Al Assad Illegal Chemical Attack Telling Allies Stand Strong Together With USA %
With their warship headed towards ours.. Putin is not backing down..
So be it. Time to take a stand.
Corrupt, dishonest, crooked, POLITICIANS LIKE @RandPaul ARE TRYING TO DESTROY THE US and THE WORLD!
Uh-huh.  That's part of the price we pay for being a super-power & sanctuary for libertarians.
This sounds like Obama....pussy foot around instead of deal with it.
your answer to the atrocities? Always the same as Obama - do nothing
Point is we have a Constitution to follow. Declarations of war, we the citizens have a say. Follow the damn Constitution.
Exactly my thought. @RandPaul acting like Chicken Little. Need to stand united and firm against horrific acts against innocent people
#RamblingRand just likes to hear himself talk. Criticism is all the talker knows. He has no answers, just talk, talk, talk. #Congressblows
there is also danger in giving the impression you are impotent to another nuclear power
We notified Russia b4 the attack its reported.If our ships now withdraw but stay relatively close it becomes obvious it was a stern message
Exactly! They got told it was gonna happen and they could have stayed and defended. But they backed off. Rand is a good guy but wrong here
Military guy called into radio this morning said this wasn't S gas.  We need to be careful we are not being played and drug into a war.
It could be a false flag attack, yes. One strike doesn't equate to an invasion
Agree and not against the hit if proof was there, but McCain has been calling for this and I wouldn't trust him as far as I could throw him
Oh boo hoo hoo. You are such an isolationist. If you ever want to be president, you need to quit thinking so highly of yourself
Putin Will back Down.. Period.
Makes me glad to no end this tool never got elected President. The War Powers Act exists for a reason...read it Senator, before you blather
I do not see an imminent danger to the US. Do you?
Rand has no clue he is another Politician who loves to pontificate and we need leaders like POTUSA not blowhards
Point is...FOLLOW THE CONSTITUTION.. We don't need a tyrant king. We had that for 8 damn years..
Stop being scared @RandPaul ...Russia been asking for it... prepare for the War... get behind the @potus he need everyone together now
Where did cowering for 8 years get us?
