DOJ Inspector General says the Tenn. Dep't of Safety and Homeland Security spent $110,000 of asset-forfeiture money on catering. 
Why are you so right on some things and so wrong on others? #healthcare
My point exactly. That's why I am astonished when I agree 
He's right on both: he stands for individual liberty, and forcing people into a specific program for a service is a violation of our liberty
Big parties from stolen money; lawlessness.  40 years of unConstitutional laws enforced with guns n badges. Our Constitution is worthless.
Absolutely.
Damn right. This "asset forfeiture" bullshit has been used to terrorize & silence many people including whistleblowers.
Asset Forfeiture (seizing fruits and instrumentalities of a crime) is a good thing.  Misusing it is a bad thing.
You don't think a conviction is necessary before depriving one of their property?
If legit income then a case will be made for its return.  Some forfeiture is triggered by conviction and some is decided by a jury.
Legal fights take years and cost thousands.
From my knowledge of catering companies, $110k could buy you 8 rolls and 2 pats of nasty butter.
I'll show you nasty butter
There's a luncheon I wish I was invited to
And there is no way to get your shit back without spending more money than what it was worth to begin with on legal fees
District of Criminals, people are waking up.
You think it ends there?There is so much waste corruption.I still would like 2know where all toll money goes + no money 2 fix infrastructure
MONEY STOLEN ?? 

Contact @VinnyLingham for @civickey security technology .. 
Awww leave 'em alone it's just money! There's plenty to go around!
Scariest thing I read was that in some jurisdictions Police GOT TO KEEP WHAT THEY SEIZED AS A BONUS
Conflict of interest is mind numbing
And look at his bank account
Thank you for standing up for the American people. The civil asset forfeiture law must end. Congress should make this a priority!
Millions are fraudulently obtained by major healthcare providers daily, costing our Medicare & taxpayers millions. Also  need 2B addressed.
Wow.
Holy shit^^^^^^
Democrats are all for ending civil forfeiture... Will you team up with them?
@bradheath believe it when we see it.
£$ can not be stolen. It is backed by nothing. The only thing stolen is your freedom.
#FireSessions
Govt waste.
If you want to demilitarize police and end asset forfeiture, you're in the wrong political party.
Can you wait until Trump assets are confiscated as ill-gotten gains? That's what got Al Capone, right?
In many instances asset forfeiture is just theft by cop.
Can't say we often agree, but absolutely on this one.
Another flagrant disregard of our constitution. We'd expect such arrogance from Communist dictators. Not America! Keep fighting Rand!
Over one month and still no one from @coinbase have reach out to help me whatsoever. Give my BTC back!
I try to back the blue but this is the epitome of tyranny. No one should have their shit taken before they have been convicted.
Or maybe come up with some common sense regulation to REGULATE how the money is spent and ensure that the money is obtained justly.
& only on *CONVICTION* of felony, IF it can be proven asset was obtained by criminal activity. Violates 4th amendment&due process otherwise.
Agreed, that is what I meant by "obtained justly"
That's why there are forfeiture hearings.
They don't seem to be evenly weighted (LE vs accused)
They really aren't. There have been several instances where the forfeiture happens before a trial or a verdict is reached.
There is a big difference. It's Civil Asset Forfeiture. Separate from criminal proceedings.
@tedcruz @TGowdySC how about something like this?  You pass the law, you live under it too?  Live like your employers. @realDonaldTrump
Your right it needs to end. This is just legalized stealing
Dear Paul it is most definitely happening trump is abusing me and is mentallyill. Its bad. Its gross. They listen to my conversatio
They use religion terms the bible like they own me they say things like it was prophecy as their excuse that they abuse me
Despicable  and criminal!
You know how many politicians have promised us that?Afraid or unwilling to take on defense contractors, lobbyists,IRS,pork barrel spending?
Seems like a waste of taxpayers money
And the government needs to stop robbing the taxpayers and do some work healthcare tax reform WALL NOW
Wow!
It's about the only thing I agree with you on, but I thank you for it.And I admit that it should be a 'conservative' issue.Too bad it's not
Asset forfeiture is legalization of an act that in reality is nothing but a hostile takeover in most cases "it's good to be the king"
Asset forfeiture so obviously violates the Constitution, that it's difficult to understand how it ever came into being. Bad SCOTUS decision?
What did they have on the menu? Caviar from Russia? 
Hatboro police and I am sure many other government entities do this. Criminal
TRUTH BOMP!!!
It's been my observation over many years that 'you' are all about enriching yourselves @ our expense.
Please do.
Horrible practice.  Where is Trump on this? Needs to end.
These r gov't dept abusing power...Alarming!!!
@happyshinyrobin @bradheath 
AGREED
Whaaaat?
Go see what some of the states spent tobacco company blackmail, uh settlement money on.
Then do it.
You're right on this but VERY VERY WRONG on bail reform. W-R-O-N-G
Don't give Chris Christy any ideas.
When?
Asset forfeiture is wrong on many levels this us something that was done long ago that made people want to start a country called America
Are you "f" kidding catering
New meaning to the words "by the people". Just sickening.
Well I guess it's something, not getting much good out of you otherwise
I don't agree much with Rand, but I think he is on target here.
how about firing these people. They know better but know that nothing will happen to them. Look at Lois Lerner, fat retirement, free
Or put the forfeited money in a fund for hurricane relief.
Kinda like the Government dipping $$$$$ from Social Security which is essentially stealing the peoples money!!!!
Disgrace. Disgusted.
Can we pls not spend tax payer dollars at trump owned properties? He shd offer free or atcost food/accommodations/golf carts or go elsewhere
- Every state has its swamp .. and all employees of the gov are special .. above it all .. royal citizens... we R slaves w/o recourse.. 
How much of this is really going on? Makes me feel the whole gov't is out of control!
That's stupid of them. Didn't even try to hide it!
You're a great American, my friend
This is highway robbery! Stop it!
Also proven to be a do nothing just like @jeffsessions We need #TermLimits for all of YAWL
That's a lot of doughnuts for a safety meeting.
Giving police a profit motive is a dangerous thing.
It's hard to understand how we got here as a nation
Corruption is as corruption does.
Rand Paul is a lying sack of shit. He believes in nothing but...rand Paul.
When law enforcement is paid by a bounty system, the goal becomes the money, not justice.
Is the catering company owned by @SenBobCorker (R-Wells Fargo)? #FANNIEGATE @TuckerCarlson
He's right. He's also Rand Paul. Fuck.
Yes!!!
They seized a LOT of festival goers' assets at Bonnaroo this year. Now i get it
Let's see Republicans and Democrats work together on things we agree on. This is wrong, end it.
What if they throw a little money your way
Rand, you trying to save the Clinton Foundation?
More waste, this time of stolen money.
Should be a bipartisan issue.
Please wait till we grab Clinton, Soetoro, Soros et al dirty war chests
He is right 
Finger food ain't cheap bro

Severely abused law.
Over a 3yr span.
At a meeting, what do you expect them to do - starve?  You can't ask these people to serve & then not treat them well
Maybe, you & all you GOP Do Nothing's should sponsor their meals hence forth
That's a lot of catering. Let's see the receipts
Thanks, Senator. CAF isn't a popular issue for most Americans so I'm proud to see you fighting this fight.
I typically wholeheartedly disagree with your positions but you are dead-on right about this. Please work to end this abuse of power.
We'd be better off with you at the helm I think.
Catering?
This is why we don't trust the government. They don't spend money on where it's supposed to go and then say it's under funded.
NO, Rand. Asset forfeiture WORKS! We used it in major dope prosecution. REAL problem is THEFT from asset forfeiture. WHAT R U thinking?
At some point, lack of property rights will cause capital flight. Between litigators and greedy LE, a citizen has to have a lawyer on call.
It would also be interesting to see the connection between the caterer and who selected them.
Please fight this as hard as you can. It's theft.
Huh. I agree with Rand Paul on something. Just this one thing, but still.
But u won't do anything about Trump businesses profiting off the office of the Presidency? One trip to Mar-a-Lago costs how much?
"continue to fight" implies you didn't vote to put  pro-forfeiture Sessions in charge of the DOJ. You're responsible for this.
A well feathered nest vultures
Completely agree Senator. 
Continue to push for reform, please! 
It will join my list of the Next questions I ask of my Reps and Senators.
Makes me doubly angry, since I live in TN. 
I worked for CDOR Criminal Tax Enforc.-we had asset forfeiture & were only allowed to spend $ on investigative initiatives. Not food!
Assets seized were for outstanding tax bills after conviction, not before! Def should have strict guidelines on seizure and spending
Do us a favor and hold off until it can be applied to trump. Seize EVERYTHING. T Tower, Resorts, clothing, EVERYTHING.
In Tennessee, some government functionary has a relative with a catering business.
This is probably the one thing you and I agree on.
Introduce a nationwide decriminalization of marijuana
Get that 3 trillion stashed away in offshore accts we need that money to help FEMA and our infrastructure.
This admin disgusts me.
This constitutional abuse is a stain and a blight on US law enforcement.
Should be called what it is, Grand larceny.
It's crazy & scary that half the things he says, I agree 
Sickening!
Rand Paul rather have this money come from the tax payers than criminals
Incredible...so you call assets ceased from random civilians by police mafia... Criminal money saved by Robin Hood? Karma will meet u too...
How about just being fair with it. How come someone like Paul Manafords assets aren't seized?
#Obamalegacy
What's your bill number to ban it so we can call our senators to support it?
1/#SenatorPaul, I rarely agree with you, but you are 110% correct on this one - if court mandated CAF is not unconstitutional (and it...
2/should be), at least "Administrative" CAF sure the hell is...letting local bonehead #BarnyFife's confiscate...
3/...private property without #DueProcess at all is just NUTS. THX for your efforts.
@NavaLawAZ
This is disgusting.  And the evil elf Jeff Sessions wants more of this.
@RandPaul well, they can't live on only doughnuts  now can they?
But you'll have to deal with the fact that the @POTUS is its biggest proponent.
Does this apply to ol' Jefferson Beauregard? He likes civil forfeiture
Absolute misuse of gov't funds. Someone should be held responsible for this.
It isnt govt funds. It was confiscated from people who havent been convicted of a crime. Pre-trial punishment
How many people were at table 3 ????
Tennessee is twisted; ''twas always thus
@FredConnolly OUR HARD EARNED DOLLARS SENT TO THE SCUM IN IRS TO SPEND ON LAVISH PARTIES WHILE WE WORK HARD,TO PAY OUR BILLS!EVIL
Stealing from people is hard work
So when a drug dealer is found w/$225k, they keep it?
Use it to fight substance abuse, care for the homeless, early childhood education, dental care for the poor.
Or give it back to the people it was taken from without trial and conviction.
Thank you. This is out and out stealing.
Senator Paul:  You are one of only two entities I know who always speak the truth.  The other is Judicial Watch. God bless you.
If you want to fight start with getting rid of AG Sessions.
Great talk to Mr. Sessions I'm sure he'll be happy to oblige
Lock em up
If only there was a legislative body that could do something about this.
all you republicans have one or two issues that you are coherent on. This is one of yours.
Sen. Paul, I don't agree with you on much (if anything), but I can get behind you on this issue at least. #EndCivilForfeiture
Thank you!
Unfreakenbelievable!! Where does the criminal activity end in that town?? #CORruption!
Do you suggest asset auction and proceeds to fund police and fire protection?
Thank you and @KamalaHarris & @SenFeinstein please support/join this effort
Sen Paul is absolutely right on this
You confirmed Jeff Sessions knowing he loves forfeiture. Don't try to fool us with this bs.
This is one of many reasons I am a huge supporter of yours. Hopefully one day you'll end up in the white house!
Do you consider all taxes asset forfeiture? Is that why you don't think corporations should pay their fair share? Or the 1%? Just curious.
How about you stop the lunatic in the WH from destroying our country, colluding with Russia and profiting from his office? #EmolumentsClause
Thanks, Sen. Paul.  It would be nice if someone in Congress did something this term.
This criminal activity is getting more frequent and blatant! Asset forfeiture money should be used by cities & states for maintenance!
and get it together rand paul u all f it up like this everyday do not pretend
Follow the money, who owns the catering company?
How is civil asset forfeiture seizures not legalized banditry?
Perhaps you should vote D then
good thing you confirmed Jeff "big fan of asset forfeiture" Sessions
Now there's something I can get on board with! Civil forfeiture is a farce & it's a frequently abused penalty. Like excessive bail.
Civil asset forfeiture is a CRIME committed by law enforcement officers. We must hold them accountable. I fought & won class action lawsuit.

Deputy Sheriff Dove & Humboldt County, NV police, in cahoots with the Assistant DA, were robbing people blind on the way to/from Reno.
Dove was offered up as sacrificial lamb, but the rest of the highway robbers remain on the force & w/ DA's office.
I will never forget the Asst. DA who arrived on the scene to assist with robbery. White cowboy hat, white suit, white SUV. #RealLifeBossHogg
Case documents: Paine vs. Humboldt County Nevada, et al https://www.pacermonitor.com/public/case/3722036/Paine_v_Humboldt_County_Nevada,_et_al# …
Senator, if you ever need testimony, I'll gladly recount my experience of being highway robbed at gunpoint by police in the Nevada desert.
More thorough article, including traffic stop in Utah hours earlier where they found nothing & let me go.
This trump apologist is talking sense again.
Consistently stand up to your compatriots that have an R next to their name and maybe I'll believe your pseudo-hyper-libertarian schlepping.
If you'd QUIT voting against the country on other issues I could respect that
But didn't you vote to confirm an AG that believe in Civil Asset Forfeiture. That's a bit hypocritical isn't it...
Great gig if you can get it. They have some nerve
How, exactly, did this happen? Hmmm.
I may not agree with you on much, but I absolutely support this cause
So who's going to prison for this?
Catering is a dog whistle word here. It was probably peanut butter and jelly to go.
It DOES need to end. Talk to Sessions about asset forfeiture. But in the meantime, emergency personnel need to eat. Catering probably=hotdog
If you don't have a bill get 1, if you have a bill get a co-sponsor, if you have a cosponsor push that concrete plan, not general opposition
Should easily be a bipartisan issue, partner with Ron Wyden or another Dem.
This has been going on for decades. Why have you not championed legislation that adresses this issue not tied to some other issue?
This is criminal activity by law enforcement. Would expect this in Russia, and other authoritarian countries. We must stop it in America.
you'll lose. You're fighting entrenched 'tough on crime' types who think the 4th and 5th amendments are a shame.
thank you Paul Rand for doing what is right!
What is the number of the bill you have filed to stop this?
I do not agree with the majority of Senator Paul's politics, but I am on his team bus on this one. Give them hell sire...
Must be a very good food...
How about taxpayer funds being used to pay Trump businesses???
Thank you Rando. How bout cash bail?
