Repbs rush to vote more war & do nothing to stop abortion. Rand=Xian  Senator. Write his name '20 Pres election. GOP won't give him a chance
Agree
You think that we forgot that you are up to your eyeballs in the Russia investigation, you traitor.

Wars are for setting up central banks. Only a few countries left without one.
Easy to say in Kentucky. Y'all bumpkins can crawl into your coal hole with pot & moonshine but rest of #USA involved with all planet Earth
That's right! Hurling insults at fellow Americans will do the job!
Brilliant man! In 8 years time he should be president.
they will blacklist him like his father
We destroy countries with western weapons, rebuild them with western contractors and enslave governments with debt to the west.
Get us out of this G-D forsaken Nation of Afghanistan Sir. Bring our troops home.
Who are you debating with?
Where the hell is everyone...papers tacks on desks...wasting my money.
*stacks of untouched paperwork. Get to work peeps!
Isolationist thought gave us 9-11. We have to fight the bas guys some where. Lets make it their home not ours
BRILLIANT!!!

Call your Senators and tell them to support Rand Paul's amendment to END THE WARS IN IRAQ AND AFGHANISTAN Happening today!      202-224-3121
Our forefathers would roll over in their graves if they could see what a warmongering invader the US had become. Try peace for a change!
Thank you for taking this fight on Senator @RandPaul.
You haven't defended the country against the illegals who have invaded us! #DeportIllegals #NoAmnesty enforce our laws! @POTUS
This is #maga.
What if we invite the invaders in? ... or just let them walk in?
When did USAvages ever DEFEND your nation in 220yrs war of 240yrs of LAWLESS BARBARIC existence? U-SAVAGES even trash diplomat property law
Amen!!!! 
Repeal Lautenberg now!
Do your job and pass OC repeal and replace. Pass the tax cut. Who asked you to make us beg Congress to defend ourselves? Gett'n on my nerves
And we don't need congress to decided if we go to war and defend our nation.  When they can't even agree on Obamacare or tax form .
& what do u mean 'make countries.. places that aren't'? USAvages r an EVIL malevolent malignancy who DESTROY &/ CORRUPT every place u touch
Support
Sure would be nice if you put that much effort into repealing Obamacare and stopping illegal immigration.
He did more than anyone else. Stop trying to change history with your ignorance. RP DRAFTED THE FREE MARKET PLAN.Sloths need to get it right
As incompetent as Trump is we don't need him declaring was at all
I'll come back and watch...it's dinner time.
We have accept some parts of the world arent ever meant to be civilized.
We try to Westernize the world and some countries just want their rice and fish head. If you don't win their hearts and minds you lose -VN
this is the Obama legacy.
"Destroying our country within" is certainly one way of viewing what we're doing. Another is that we're destroying whole countries 1 by 1.
#StandWithRand
are you any good at defending the life, health, safety and welfare of the regular folks or protecting the vital life systems, big dad? ugh
So you think we should pull out and let all Countries be like the NK or Venezuela!We are the Police of World and always have been!
Iraq and Afghanistan aren't about "building countries". Check out the historical graph of Halliburton stocks for instance. Wake up.
Until we remove Senators tht have bn n Congress for 25+yrs &get ynger ppl w/fresh innovation,we wil b stuck n time while China passes us by
You have to increase the manufacturing and the exports.  President Trump will do it.  Even at a low tax rate we will have plenty of revenue.
In English, please. This is random gibberish.
Great speech. Now watching the Senators giving their pep talks for their little pet projects, nothing remotely as important as yours. Shame.
Good luck with the vote.  Can't listen to these virtue signaling morons' platitudes for even one minute longer.
AND... 
You should comb your f#ckin hair... 
For f#ck sakes your a SENATOR!! You should try an at least LOOK THE F#CKING PART!!
I think America has bigger problems than Sen. Paul's hair. Relax, Bob.
Good. Let's have the useless south secede.
The only one who isn't sold out !
WE give a fuck less about GLOBALIZATION...
THIS is about KICKING F#CK OUT OF SAME ISLAMIC TERRORIST'S the past ADMIN SUPPORTED FOR 8 YEARS!!
Maybe being so polite won't have any impact?   Why not call out opportunists hoping to inherit the mantle of British Colonialism forward?
Oliver Willis
even w clinton in the news, positive or negative, the media still won't talk to clinton voters.
We r not in the business of making countries out of countries that aren't. That's not what the American ppl want. We want u to support Pres
Sit down and shut up!!!!
Why? He's completely right!
Do you get the idea that no one there is listening to you
#AmericaFirst #MAGA
Exactly. We have, in a decade, destroyed our potential for peace. Let's admit it and move forward in peace.
Senator, you are one of the only politicians I trust anymore! THANK YOU for fighting for what's best for AMERICA!
Amen
Sen @RandPaul you are awesome  Let's rebuild our country
I love Rand! He's helping me make America great again in a bigly way
was there anybody even listening ?
And then there's this>>>
Illegal Immigration Rises For Fourth Straight Month http://bit.ly/2wVchMn  via @dailycaller @hwillracke
