THANK YOU, SENATOR!
@SenJohnMcCain @SenScottBrown @SenateDems @SenateFinance @SenateGOP Term Limits on the calendar yet? President one term 5 years ?
Please do this with Betsy DeVos! @RandPaul @Rare
your vote is why you're NOT sitting as president .
I hear Kentucky calling. Looks like they could use some #Liberty and #Constitution #ThankYouTrump Make America Safe Again
please start getting on board with the @realDonaldTrump @POTUS administration. They need you help.
@BobLeahyJr @KellyannePolls
Thank you for standing up for the rights and liberties of the people you represent.
We need people like you who are principled! Thanks for your service!
Then pass a resolution stating that states are forbidden to infringe on the "natural" rights enumerated in the Bill of Rights?
Read the comments! | How The US Enabled #ISIS To Take #DeirEzzor via #MoonOfAlabama http://www.moonofalabama.org/2017/01/how-the-us-enabled-isis-to-take-deir-ezzor/ … #treason #Syria #Daesh
Disagree with your vote. Usually agree with you 99% of the time..not on this.
Thank you for being complex and interesting and not a cartoon character like the rest of them.
The #CIA needs to be shut down & a new agency created with STRICT guidelines! They committ #TREASON every day! #ISIS #DrugWar...
Thank you. Now plz work to END the MANDATE for ppl to buy healthcare and END the tax penalty for ppl who don't buy.
can you also vote against DeVos?
he likes devos.  She's a wonderful choice.
Hasn't she openly stated her disdain for public schools? 

And she failed to answer basic questions.
pretty sure she doesn't hate public schools; she wants to revamp them, starting with school choice.
"choice" is a fancy way of saying "divert public funds away from public experience for private ed"
no it's , you're projecting.

School choice means you aren't bound to your local hellhole of a school.
DeVos's idea of "choice" is vouchers, which are public monies for private education.
no, it's parents own tax money to chose whatever school they want. 

THEIR tax money.  No one else's
@DrRandPaul You voted against Pompeo because Congress didn't do its job in providing oversight over the CIA? Makes no sense
Is it constitutional for the CIA to conduct assassinations?
.@RandPaul @Rare Thank you for speaking out against #torture and voting your #conscience Senator!
Thank you for voting against Pompeo. I hope you will also vote against DeVos
gooddeal
Bravo, sir. Thank you!
Thank you for standing up for the rights of the PEOPLE.
tough call I support Pompeo but respect and appreciate your view. Stay on the case!
thank you for CIA vote; vote no on DeVos #badforkids#badforpublicschools
Credit it's due, thank you @RandPaul @Rare.
love it. you're becoming more like ron with age, and that's a very good thing
#RepublicanParentsAgainstDeVos U support dataPrivacy butDeVos isChair ofComputerDataMiningCo onKids Vote #No2DeVos R be hypocrite
now vote against DeVos. You know in your heart she will destroy our educational system.
@MattWelch @Rare I'll sum it up in one word: Integrity.
Appreciate u r 4 data privacy but dataMiningon children inESSA & DeVos supports ESSA #RepublicanParentsAgainstDeVos Vote #No2DeVos
funny you AND your dad are always the odd ball
it matters not Rand. If you can't beat 'em, perhaps your best bet is to join 'em! #MAGA
And I thank you for your position. I agree that most of so-called "necessary secrecy" is fueled more by fear than actual fact.
You took a stand and your reasons were sound, but the other guys didn't see it that way.  Welcome to America.
Oppsd 2 a maj of your views,ideals,votes-I applaud vote agnst Pompeo! US has bettr options-Cont fighting 4 freedom & liberty
Thank you!
Thank you for voting for Americans individual rights rather than the party line. I've been impressed w/your ?'s NO DEVOS, please!
You don't listen to us you listen to your #donors
your weakness is , you try to be friends with the liberal's and play both sides.u prefer applause from men over doing what's right
While I don't always agree with you, I appreciate you as a politician and as a man who knows his values. Most GOP/dems slaves to party lines
I appreciate your integrity
I we can all agree that @BetsyDeVos is in no way qualified for the job. Partisian politics is not best for the people. Vote No
right on. Thanks Sen. Paul.
We don't care.
U need to b celebrated!! @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC @marcorubio need to learn from u! U help me not hate all Repubs. 
Thank you, Senator.
well done, sir. You're one of the few good ones. #StandWithRand
You're FIRED!
why do we need the CIA? Do away with it.
This is why I fully supported you as president,  and still do. #Paul2020
Sen Paul while I normally agree with you - in this instance we diverge. Congress has leaks with no penalty.
you're an honorable man
@Finkelmeister @Rare 

He looked like an extra from scarface who has done too much coke?
Data collection by the surveillance state is a major worry of mine as well. I stand with you @RandPaul #StandWithRand @Rare
Unfortunate Pompeo was delayed for spite.  We hear he is a good man, a right fit.  Could he alone make your corrections?
how do you feel about today's rash of executive orders Senator? Shall it only continue to escalate? #libertyordeath
good job standing up against Pompeo. Keep standing against Trump and you'll have bipartisan support across the country.
I can't say if it was the right fight or time, Please work with the President to secure the liberties of all Americans
Integrity in politics is rare... I appreciate the fact that you possess this trait Senator!
Because you inherited some of those crackpot genes from your father?
although not always in agreement, I trust you to interpret legislation more than we ever could.
Because he wasn't your pick so you're against it
Thank you for defending Liberty.
Good man Ran.
Thank you.
I disagree with you on this one, but I respect your integrity. You are one of the few good ones in Congress.
because we know  it has to be about you! Not America!
but yet you didn't complained about the outgoing CIA director? Makes me wonder
thank you
@govtrack says you voted "Yea"
Thank you Sir
Is it possible he put up appointments as the Republican party requested with the hopes of Freedom fighters likeU wld reject?
President Paul 2020
What liberty if you do not have security first?
thank you
I appreciate your candor and principles on this subject.  You are on the right side.
Thank you for voting your values over party. Hope Tillerson is also on your list to not support

may be time to impeach Rand... disappointing
Solid reasoning from @RandPaul. Excellent reminder not to (continue) surrendering real liberty for so-called security.
I support Trump, but I understand your vote
Thank you, Senator your Patriot and an honest man, a rarity in the beltway for sure.
and you wonder why you lost
.worried about certain Liberties, cough. WTF, what was going on in the Last Administration? Did you action, No, chicken shit.
because you are doing a good job
thank you Senator Paul - I don’t always agree with you but this is the right thing to do.
On your moral scale: waterboarding vs killing with drones??
"a comprehensive, searchable database equipped with “public” data like “lifestyle” choices". So, Facebook..? It was started by CIA
carefully read your reasons and they don't hold water. Former CIA director politically motivated and you didn't speak out
yes they do hold water. He filibustered Brennens nomination.
I stand corrected. Admit when I'm wrong. I disagree with his vote, but he is consistent.
I don’t agree with you, but I respect that you’re a man of conviction.
you didn't object enough
and lets give an alternative fact about your great stand, 14 Dems voted for him so he was winning anyway.  Only this is truth.
why vote to weaken ethics
Obama was so weak with security. If you are strong, and use security wisely, it benefits your cause. You must be strong!
A lot of good men died for our bill of rights, how many of them would you have voted against for political attention??
they would have voted on the principle of standing for the constitution.
Senator, I agree with you on many issues. However, the Republicans are their own worst enemy. Need to learn to develop consensus.
there are some things Government must do to protect or carry out their duties. Remember: no harm no foul.
Please vote against Betsy Devos as well!
#RandPaul2024
WTH is wrong with you?
he's protecting his oath.
Finally someone stood up for the USA! Too bad nobody seems to care that Tex Drillerson is going to do dirty stuff with Putin
Continue to watch the watchers. thank you for your service.
So agree with @GhostofCoolidge   your honest intentions and also wondering same as @wendi_willmott who you'd suggest
obvious why Rand Paul voted against, he's a sore looser.   That was easy
you can't even spell loser.
do not agree with you on this.
I agree. Pompeo's scary. While it didn't matter I commend you for sticking to your principles.
because he knew they didn't need his vote to get him approved. but read the made up principle stuff. lol
the fact he was selected by a racist, islamaphobic, misogynist, homophobic traitor should be reason enough?
Seriously?!? Quit with the lefty talking points!!!
Freedom and liberty won't matter if we are all dead or in danger of being killed. #SafetyFirst
I'm sorry you're so scared and fearful.
Your sarcasm is duly noted.
come on Rand, I'm loosing respect for you/ don't hold up our POTUS. You work for we the people. Do you forget?
safe vote? Because he had the vote?
LET'S
Do like President Kennedy wanted and
Disband 
@CIA 
Time way overdue 󾓦
    #BUSHCRIMEFAMILY
this Ky girl will vote for you again and please do the same on #Tillerson
thank you senator Paul
Senator, you must continue to protect the rights of all American people. Best of luck.
"many in Congress support a.. database equipped with 'public' data like “lifestyle” choices" Any link to a source on this??
thank you Rand Paul.  Keep standing for liberty.
You could have principles AND be a team player, I wouldn't want to have to rely on you.
not with this choice you can't.
your a traitor your state will pay try to get some money it will be blocked and by the way you will never be president little boy
our soldiers and citizens aren't tortured. They just have their heads off on video.
Thamnk you Senator. A true patriot stands against neocons.
A vote for @jeffsessions is a vote to stomp on the 10th ammendment.
little drastic there.
Thank You Sen Paul! MBRN
.    I like you a lot. Wondering your suggestion(s) on whom is a better option
thank you Rand Paul,we have to have a better accounting of who's going to be where and what their doing
If you are voting your conscience - I applaud you! That's more than many in the GOP are doing these days...
disappointing. I respect your adherence to principals. It appears Mr. POMPEIO IS VERY QUALIFIED.
Thank you!
Is there anyone you would vote "yes" for. The mission would still be the same!! I'm agreeing with you. Protect privacy.
Shame on you.
Security & liberty are both important. But security is the charge of the CIA. Liberty is the charge of Congress. Pass legislation.
Wrong! Every CIA Agent must swear to protect and defend the Constitution. Every federal employee should defend liberty
Great but doesn't change fact CIA will use all tools given by Congress & lecturing is no substitute for oversight @RandPaul
Isn't American citizens being data mined by already by telecom Co. over cell & internet services.
yes but you agrees to that when you signed the contract
You mean the contract that no consumer ever reads & won't be allowed service if not signed.right.
which is who's fault?
I agree with you ! State & Federal officials that approve FTC regulations.
Thank you. #StandwithRand
wew, you burned him!
oh....... let me guess. Blah blah blah something about #liberty and #constitution.
why vote yes for big oil and Putin's homie?? SMH!!
BECAUSE YOUR GONNA RUN IN 2020 AND LOSE AGAIN! GET WITH THE REPUBLICAN BASE! YOUR NOT GAINING ANY POINTS. U WILL GET VOTED OUT!
Rand is standing up against the warmongering neocons.He gained points with this lifelong republican.
Kinda like this 
BREAKING: US sent $221 million to Palestinians in Obama's last hours - AP

https://apnews.com/b8446cbf5b504b1abaf49eb0d646367b/US-sent-$221-million-to-Palestinians-in-Obama's-last-hours …
Are u going to vote against @jeffsessions  for Attorney General? 
That post truly impacts our daily lives
@TheDemocrats
no it doesn't Scott. Your just a liberal
love u
Thank you Senator. Our country depends on people like you to put Country before Party. Please consider No on Devos &Mnuchin.thanks
You should have voted for him, the last thing we need are divided GOP. This is about us for a change.
Good move!! Stand up to the lunacy!!
He's one of the few Trump picks I don't like.
Keep them honest Senator!
RARE MEME.
is it because you're waiting for the first teat on the Trump suckle?
dont even have to read it.

I know you have good reasons
