The Senate fell one vote short tonight, which is disappointing. I intend to keep fighting for repeal.
You guys need to get your act together!!
ASAP!
You are consistently heartless. Don't expect a pat on the back.
While packing your bags? You all control the house but have no good plan! Ridiculous!  The @gop has successfully destroyed itself! #endit18
Sorry you couldn't kick 22 million off insurance I'm sure your heartbroken
Y'all need to have the same insurance we have. Then it will get fixed.
They do...
All you do is obstruct and do classroom politics where you theorize. You weren't much more helpful.
Let it fall down on its own now.  I want a tax cut. I've always worked hard and been rewarded by my employers with great benefits.
And, the employers are sick of paying for your 'great' benefits.
No they aren't. I provide a valuable product and service that makes the company money and in return they provide me benefits.
The Dems still owns this mess.This is why you never vote for a Democrat for power
YOUR ALL A MESS AND YOU ARE NO GOOD TO US , YOUR NOT HELPING WITH POTUS AGENDA, WE NEED REPUBLICANS WITH A SPINE
Congress is able 2come together when it means obstructing President Trump & spitting in faces of Patriots that elected him. #DrainTheSwamp 
Anyone who voted no needs to go they are not conservative and they're not living with Obamacare obstructing their lives
Very proud of you Paul.
Thank you Senator! God speed!
Why is nobody listening & paying attention? Why does the Congress want to continue this debacle called Obamacare? I don't get it
Dis you vote to keep Trump from making recess appointments?????
Good point
You didn't get it done. Time to elect new blood. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Thank you. I think everyone who voted to fix it should have to change their insurance to AFFORDABLE care act. They would fix it.
Voted to keep it.
Thk God your vote was defeated & millions will remain insured! One day you will answer 2 God as 2 why you voted against the less fortunate!
You are one of the only patriots left my man. Thank you for being there to represent us for real.
Why? Healthcare market failure is obvious: either hospitals can turn patients away or everyone has insurance. You want the first option?
Obamacare didn't provide insurance, it penalized people through tax for not having insurance.
...meaning everyone has insurance.
In spite of working two jobs I could still not afford it. The law was not written as simply as you're acting
Dont take credit for voting..... You still failed the American people !
And each time you were showing how much of a sick sociopath you are.
You also voted against Russian sanctions you are a traitor keep pressing your lips firmly against that clowns rear.
Rand when you are working against the establishment this is the result you're going to get. #StandWithRand #fucktheestablishment
We send men and women to Washington D.C to vote their conscience! To do the right thing for all Americans!!!!
Proud of you Rand, Your colleague @SenJohnMcCain  Is a Traitor to this country and to all Americans
He literally fought, was captured for this country and ran for president but okay lol
He's been using that BS to get elected for 40 years so he could continue destroying America. He's a traitor.
Thank God it turned out so well!
Stop fighting we are sick of that work together fix ACA. You won't get everything you want but you could definitely improve it
Thank you , Sir!
#RandPaul did what he could. The #RINO #traitors #Collins, #Murkowski , and #McCain should be ashamed of themselves. #TermLimits
It doesn't matter. As a majority team, you failed.
@tempteststorm2 NO RECESS!!! We r paying Tax $. Stay there till something is DONE.
Unfortunately a few Rinos can spoil it for all. I have never been a name caller but this is a joke and people like Sen McCain R wrong
Good to know you voted so many times against the majority of Americans.
Then what happened
You are a Rino and will be voted out in 2018 by the same people that voted in Trump!
@RandPaul  thank you Senator for voting to repeal Obamacare.
Why not make the proposal u have public so the people can get behind it? The power is THE PEOPLE'S, not legislators.
Thank you for being one of the few Senators that are loyal to the American people.
Thank you!
Repeal ur #Obamacare exemption, then we can talk.
How about giving up on repeal and fix what is already there! Quit sabotaging the ACA!
Praying for your speedy recovery Senator. GOD BLESS.
We the people are tired of the grandstanding, lies, and wimps in the Congress. You're all crooks. Every. Single. One. !!!
No, John McCain is "worthless". Rand Paul held his end of the bargain and voted to repeal
Blown this out again. What happened to kill this BS and start over? Get the same insurance we have to have. No gold coverage paid by us 4 U!
Senator, the globalist will fight you AND TRUMP until they get a POTUS from either side to take us to INTO 2030 AGENDA AND SOCIALISM
We need to clone you 49×.
You did but viet cong mcCain didn't, he probably won't finish his term! Many gops & dems need 2 b primaried  out!
Thank you for your efforts! Unfortunately we are stuck with socialized healthcare :-/
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Let ACA Collapse. Dont bail out Democratic Donors!
Blow it out your ear.
I stand with Rand.
You lost, get over it...
You're worthless too. We DEMAND that ALL CONGRESSMEN be placed on Obamacare !!!!!
Ignore the naysayers @RandPaul. Plenty of us know you've worked HARD to create a sustainable health care bill that serves us better.
We know.  HC is bad all the way around.  What's up with not supporting Russian sanctions.   Your with #Bernie on this one?  #poorcompany
How about trumpeting the fact that #Congress is exempt from #Obamacare thanks to Obama?
We support your clean repeal, Senator Paul.  Unfortunately, Senator McCain is a total traitor and an obama agenda supporter.  Sickening.
Thank you we need to keep draining the terrible swamp
You are the real hero! Don't give up!! With God we can do anything!! He will help us trample our foes, keep trusting in Him!
You need to educate the senators, obviously no one is on the same page. They are students of change, show them how it can work w/a chart or?
We should repeal your insurance and see how how you like that!
But what do we have to show for it? If nothing gets done  your votes don't solve anything.
Don't give up!!
Thank you!
You realize in a body of 100 legislators, you pounding your chest about what you did is meaningless, right? Learn to govern.
Thank you for your efforts
I'm so glad for my sake that you failed

I am SO disgusted with John McCain, I cannot even put it into words!!!
Unfortunately senator your views are biased from being a doctor and complete lack undertanding of the situation the patient is in.
Make 250k/yr. best pension. Best healthcare.  Special interest buys votes. Do nothing to earn it. That is our Congress
To bad you are not my Senator. You'd have my vote.
Very impressive.  Stood by ur values but did what u could to help Presidents agenda.  Thank you very much for trying to help the country.
We. Red new leadership in the Senate!
We don't want 2 hear it.  Middle class cannot continue to carry this country. Congress caters to low income & the 1%. Just shut it
#oBOMBacare is ticking. When will it blow? This is what happens when Dems like @SenBillNelson lead. #ByeByeBilly! @FLGovScott
Boo!
Unfortunately John didnt listen to you or the American people!
Yeah, keep bragging about trying to fuck your constituents.
Patriot.
Your party it DOA except for you & Cruz
Congratulations.  Did you forget that you have to please more than yourself under our system of government?
You're a fraud. You promised us a replacement plan and you've offered nothing to replace it with. You've offered us 2008 again. 2008 sucked.
Thank you Senator Paul
Well it didn't do any good. Now everyone of you need to lose your paid insurance. I like you but fair is fair. Obama care for you all

#LOSER
Thank you.
Tonite was a declaration of war against middle-class and small business. We have been defeated by socialism. I am ashamed.
Go back to Kentucky
"skinny repeal" ?  R u kidding?  It even sounds weak ! GOP with control of both houses still can't deliver anything strong. Sad !
America rejects you & your bill. We demand a restored, repaired & improved ACA w/pre-existing, no fines & lower costs. No $bil'n to 1-2%ers!
Quit this spiteful hatred you have for #OBAMACARE.. He was a successful BLACK PRESIDENT! Deal with it
@RandPaul Thank you for representing the citizens of the United States. I am sure obstructionists will not be forgotten next election.
Sorry but I and my family will be voting u out next year. Being a Kentuckian, and knowing that we voted for you is an embarrassment
@SchutzG Please forgive my ignorance. Is @RandPaul not one of the good guys? If not, why not?  I am confused
Not really.  Up until this last vote he and McCain were both holding out. I just don't like his aditutue
Rand thank you for
 representing the state of Kentucky! Please, continue to efforts repeal Obamacare.This is an unjust and burdensome tax!
Nobody wants to be decapitated? Come on that's what Obama care passed riiiiight under our noses.-part 1
Who reads anymore right? It's not like we have Infinite knowledge at our fingertips right at this very moment. -part 2
Thanks for trying don't give up
Way to keep your promise Rand. Honest and Patriotic
Thank you
While I appreciate your efforts, this is not about you and your principles- get it done.
I defected the GOP because they enjoy the coverage that they want to deny to the folks on Main Street who are desperate . Go to Hell!
The wealthy, like @SenJohnMcCain, will always be able to get free market healthcare. They just don't think the rest of us deserve the same.
We know. You are doing your part. It is the "usual suspects" that are driving us to drink. <cheers> TY POTUSPaul (2024)
Mercy what a mess.  Deep state at work.  Where is John Cornyn?  McConnell needs replacing.  From TX thank you for leading the charge.
Can't you do a slow repeal? Step process - Year 1 this ... Year 2... this - allows citizens & Insurers/co's to make changes & catch up!
DREAMER.
Not dreaming, I am a realist BUT I get that this SWAMP runs deep! i COULD CERTAINLY PUT A BILL TOGETHER but I am not getting paid 4 it!
Problem is - free market needs to be voted on by the greedy - currently congress gets paid not to allow free market. Until that happens
You just want to repeal but you have no ideas on replacement...this is not about american people its about Obama!!
Thank you, sir, for doing your job. Americans are watching who fights for them.
Net result not much difference between Collins & Paul. Both totally useless as governing party.
Thanks for trying. But it's hard viting against the left and the RINOS like McCain & Graham
God, how'd this pile of doodoo ever get started
Dems want singer-payer you can't work with that part. Now they want bipartisanship where was that from Dems in 08/09?
Are you going to open a free nursing home in your house?? How about all of the people in ur state that are living below the poverty level?
#FixACA there's my vote
@SenJohnMcCain was never war hero! He didn't follow Navy SOP never tortured, broke everything in crash. SONGBIRD. Nixon pardoned him!
Full repeal is all we want.
You & other Dr's should get together & put together a healthcare bill that will help everyone that has ins now. That includes Medicaid ppl!
Trump said repeal and replace with his great healthcare plan, or have you forgotten that everything is on tape?!  POS!
Do not give one penny to INS because they make enough money
thank you! We are going to have to vote them out
Bull, you have been a bump on the road for repealing Obamacare unless it was your way. Stop the backpedal you too are a looser
ALL YOU HAD TO DO WAS "IMPROVE AND OBSOLETE" OBAMACARE USING TRUMP'S IDEAS PICTURED HERE, AND YOU WOULD HAVE WON....  REFORM IS SO SIMPLE!
Couldn't convince these other dips....too bad...
You're doing a great job Senator Paul. Most respected Senator!
Sad, the Democrats were able to install Obamacare, all Republicans can do is stall
Thank you! One of the few who stands their ground and doesn't let Washington corrupt your morals
POTUS needs to issue an executive order  to remove exeption from ACA ,so ACA is mandatory for GOP and DEM lawmakers !
Cheese to that whine?
I appreciate you Mr Paul, you always seem to do what is best for those who voted you in office. I wish that were true with the rest.
Keep fighting for us Rand!
Thank you Senator @RandPaul
We're just waiting for McCain to kick the bucket now..
No all of you working for your lobbyist not the PEOPLE.
actually, I have always agreed with you on health care but we are all so weak we need the government to take care of us  sad but true
So happy ACA is staying put for now! Perfect, no...but fixable (and compassionate for those with pre-existing conditions).
Thank you
Office.  I believe it was just talk to get elected and then pull wool over our eyes so you can sit back and act like u were working.
Good for you
The only senator with any integrity...
The only real solution is vote all incumbents out and start over with newbies not entrenched in party politics.
You did... but your fellow Rep & Dem's refuse to help us out of this type of care  #MAGA will have to help us.
Killing healthcare for 1/2 mil poor KYians
= DIRTY
Eliminating do-nothing profit motive health insurers
= CLEAN
#Singlepayer #2018
Trump needs to sign EO forcing Congress to be on Obamacare immediately. That would make Rs & Ds sit up in their chairs! #NoExemptions
Congress is a failure. We the people want Congress penalized, stripped  healthcare that we the people pay for. Salary cuts to all Congress.
This week you showed the working class, the working poor, the elderly and handicapped of YOUR state what your really think of them-Karma
We  you Sen. Paul.
Independents are finally going to have their day! We sort of did with Trump light, but we just want a full on *PAUL* in the WH! @RandPaul
Work with the Dems to IMPROVE the ACA instead of following a ridiculous promise to repeal! It's time to accept that you were WRONG.
And John McCain is on the wrong side of history
The senate republicans had no intention of passing the bill. Read Eric Cantor's opinion. It was a scam to get those reelected. @GOP is dead
I agree with you on many things. This is not one of them. People need protection against ins. Companies/universal coverage is the only way
Thank God that there were true patriots in the Republican Party, because you are definitely not one
Fucks given zero.
Of course the swamp rats block everything that is good. Keep fighting for us, Senator Rand. 
Thanks @RandPaul traitor @SenJohnMcCain let us down, obviously he is still under the influence of drugs from his non Obamacare surgery
I'm tired of this smoke and mirrors. Go after insurance companies and hospitals who pay their CEOs millions. Inc. the drug patent. Cut cost!
Please continue the fight!
Let it burn Rand, I'm not paying anymore! Done!
Your a tool
Thank you Senator for keeping your promise. It's an ugly swamp, but there are a couple of good guys. Hopefully get you some help in 2018.
Republicans are liars once again!!!
Shameful. Single payer system.
Thanks for nothing. Very disappointed.  You are going to regret your opposition and media coverage to this.  All talk...
Good but stay away from Harris she'll ruin your good name
McCain and others are ruining gop and our chance at getting rid of this crap
Maybe you should hang with Bannon and suck your own ---The Mooch.
@SpeakerRyan REFUSED to commit to "CONFERENCE". Surely he knew he would destroy any oppty. for Bill. NO WAY to encourage Bi-Partisan support
Thanks Rand. Please keep fighting
Help Trump to drain the swamp! http://brickellstudio.com 
Does anyone else remember when @SenJohnMcCain said he was leading the fight to stop Obamacare? Now he is leading the fight to stop #Trump
Liar
Thx for your principled stand. Now block any funding for it go forward.
We love you, @RandPaul 
You're for real.
Haha, thanks for sharing, Rand.
Wasn't the right plan #healthcareforall even poor countries can do it. Y'all shameful.
Thank you, Sir. You are among the few, honest, principled men in Congress.
The clean repeal didn't really seem popular with anyone but conservative talk show hosts. You may want to move on from that.
What is happening to GOP!!! Get rid of the traitors, McCain, Murskowski & Collins!!!!
You are a jacka$$
Calm down, senator. We all know how hard you tried to take health care away from millions of people. I promise no one thinks otherwise.
just but shutting us
sorry, you are full of it
Who cares?
Well good for you. If you had given a little we might have gotten something out of it. Instead we lost. But u still have your principles
.Why do you continue to be a part of a socialist party? Seriously-- have you no integrity, or do you honestly believe @GOP isn't socialist?
To many puppets
With the cost so high, people are just not going to go get medical treatment anymore, because it costs too much.
Thank you. Keep at it!
