Bringing the opiate epidemic to a close. Give the poppy fields back to the Arabs and stop trading with them.
Drop a Daisy Cutter on those Opium Poppy fields in Afghanistan ! Why have we not done that in 16 years?? Why 
All I've ever heard refers to CIA involvement and makes a fool of us and our 'War on Drugs'...
They also say the poor Afghan farmers have no other crop. It would have been cheaper to pay them!
I agree w/ you! Would rather see our troops protecting US border and ports+keep drugs out than War
Then again we may have some creepy CIA/Big Pharma connection.Maybe the Poppies are for Opioid drugs
Would you rather they come here?
Yes! Thank you,Sen Paul! Our troops are exhausted, deployment after deployment, for what? To create "Refugees" to come to US?
Exhausted from the corrupt corporate illegally thieving from other nations.
Thank you Sen.Paul for speaking on behalf of the forgotten man, WE THE PEOPLE, we're sick of unending undeclared wars!
Endless war is why we are broke, just for starters.
Yeah good...but what are u ACTUALLY DOING ABOUT IT?
He is one man and he's speaking out which is 100% more than most people do! Nice one of them talks of Constitution
Ok
61 Senators should not be Senators.
Audit the FED.
Are you waiting for them to attack us here again.
Rand exposed just how many Senators allegiances belong to the Military Industrial Complex, not the people's
How far will you go; Will allies and people have to die first??
Is this the same congress that did nothing to stop the Obama over reach and also has done nothing to help President Trump?
u rise everyday to oppose everything. Who in Ky are you serving, U?
Thank you!
Actually, he is right.  Congress needs to authorize all of these new military deployments.  God Bless our deployed, may they come home safe.
Like these meat puppets in Congress would actually borrow a spine someday and oppose any war resolution shoved under their noses.
Don't get me wrong, its a noble sentiment, but I think we all feel that we are trying to claw our way back to the way things should be.
But even if it was passed, does anyone really think these buffoons in Congress wouldn't just openly defy people's wishes and authorize war?
Senator Paul, I seek to meet @POTUS. I'm fmr FBI Unit Chief (RMD NNCP), reported fraudulent vetting, then fired:
Two jokes going to prison!!!
I'd be ok with one person going to prison for all of this...sadly, like the financial collapse of 08, no one's going anywhere. Hope Im wrong
Let's just wait for Congress to give us the ok and let North Korea strike us first! 
Think outside the box, or we'll be in it!Need new blood
If the US leaves S.Korea & allows the divided countries to reclaim each other, give aid, sign treaty & let China deal w/ the rest: peace?
Now how about rising up with: all of U doing your jobs 4 chang. Not 4 ur egos 2 take precedence over what's good 4 Americans & our country.
But how are we supposed to justify artificially supporting a war industry without a few artificial wars now and then?
Roll another one...
We support you Rand Paul.
Would you rather see our country blown to bits by these completely insane maniacs?. Quit feeding your ego and start doing your job
bravo for rand paul...and it is an affront to our system of governance. stop paying congress they are not doing their job.
What if you lived in Japan
You've described violent Islamists against the world with America the # 1 target. With should expand the AUMF to all designated terrorists.
Your "solution" would be dumber 10X than Obama's 2011 withdrawal from Iraq.
Take mega antipsychotic meds and seek help from you're local psychiatric hospital.
Sit down and shut up......if Korea fires a missile at us there's going to be war. Now go get me a cup of coffee Mr. Premature.
And that has nothing to do with this vote! We have to fight North Korea then we should get out of the useless Afghanistan and Iraq war!
Help the middle class get a fair deal on health care or get out of politics. I'm tired of being screwed
When is RPaul going to put something up to protect America?
NO MORE ZIOCON WARS #NKorea #NorthKorea  @Partisangirl @AngeloJohnGage @VanessaBeeley @realDonaldTrump @TulsiPress
Thank you!!
You should be jailed, pinko
Stupid much. You're pathetic and dangerous.
Thank you for caring about the Constitution and not your career
@KOMBUCHABABY Keep fighting Rand. Most American's are behind you.
One day, Rand, your head will come the rest of the way out of there. We'll know when you start saying "terrorism" instead of "war".
"I don't believe anyone with intellectual honesty believes we authorized war in 7 different countries."
So many americans now want to start even more wars, North Korea, Iran, Venezuela, more counties in africa and asia. Authorized or not.
We seem to have lost any sense of what it means to be responsible for the deaths of 100's of thousands in Iraq & Syria. I am sick of it.
Cant even talk to friends, must be fluoride in the water.
I agree with you. Always have. except on bail reform! Do homework! Seek info opposing it!!!
Please go away already!
@RandPaul always side with u.. EXCEPT!!!  I STAND AGAINST UR BAIL REFORM!!  IT. IS. WRONG!
Wish you were POTUS
Ummmm it takes a CONGRESS to start a war and it takes a CONGRESS to stop a war. Last I looked YOU never stopped the last war!
Just let them bomb us?
@RandPaul you really need to site down and do some personal investigation and not stand up until you really know what's going on
Obstruction that's all you do.. a little guy with terrible ideas
I support you.
Are you admitting that radical jihad islamics are at WAR with the free WORLD? in SWEDEN,GERMANY,FRANCE,BRITAIN
Canada-refugge rape war
On this you are correct
Thank you @SenRandPauI
@Herb1eReloaded
Great...now sit down. #behumble
So glad this pussy wasn't a real candidate for President.
Sen. Paul, you're wrong about the war being about over since it's just getting started.  Kim Jong-un is selling weapons to other terrorists.
The ISIS protocol has been so successful as the preliminary Islamic jihad of insurgency that it will be copied by many, far into the future.
I'm all for war when it's justified and declared by Congress. This world policeman sh*t needs to stop. Trump is veering into establishment.
No more globalism. 
#AmericaFirst
And we had better bloody-well do something about it. Since the rise of the revolving door between #WallSt #CIA #FBI #MIC = terror and war.
Americans love war. It makes them feel good about spending a half of trillion on the military. Something that 200 billion will accomplish
Been a Dem the last 15 yrs, quit party in disgust July 2016, I want #Rand2024 to happen, one of the FEW authentic voices for LIBERTY
When are you going to rise and oppose globalist Liberal RINOS like McConnel and Ryan in your own party
Say what you will, and many may agree with you, but no one person should be able to stop the workings of congresd. We are tired of the games
Good ! Now back your president 
Yeah but you stalled and stuck us with unconstitutional healthcare mandates. So when its YOUR constitutional issue its suddenly important?
Protesting on the floor at this point doesnt do a damn thing for US. Passing legislation does. Which you didnt do, In fact you screwed us.
End all wars now we need to invest in life not death we need that money to be invested in our own ailing infrastructure education and heath.
It wont happen...You cant stop war my friend...When you poke a stick at the NSA's plans you are disturbing the bee hive and they will come
if it is unauthorized and undeclared then why do you need to have a vote to repeal the legislation authorizing it? @greggutfeld

#Nibiru #PlanetX https://www.pscp.tv/w/bIWrAjF3QkVBZHF5V0RHalB8MWRqR1hMcFlqWFJHWiXErStT8jPA6VvNAHtQwo3bdfO_n4tI8ZQPl59qp7SO …
Thank you!
@RandPaul thank you
It's hard to contest the constitutionality of executive action that #congress continues to fund year after year
Absolutely!   Interesting how the last few presidents have assumed war-making authority in direct violation of our constitution.
Beware, the military industrial complex.
No clue.  when the enemies stop killing and attacking than there will be no war.
I remember a 100% vote to go to ME after Towers came down! Want it ended let Military fight to win otherwise we'll be fighting it here next!
If the war is illegal then draw article of impeachment.
Thank you 4 trying Senator, unfortunately the rest of ur troglodyte colleges are warmongering animals....keep pushing 2 end senseless wars!!
We are behind you Rand.
These swamp people need to do something
How about doing something about the war on the avg citizen and the corruption in govt. Where those in govt get away with anything
Rand got like 1% of the vote in the primary ..being against war makes sense but president has emergency power for a reason
Thank you Senator Paul for upholding the constitution. It's a rarity these days. Don't all feds swear an oath to uphold the constitution?
How do we protect our country from North Korea and Iran nukes?
Can anyone ever remember a time it was beneficial to have congress involved in military actions. Most of our deaths was due to their actions
The last war that congress declared was WW2 . Only 5 wars ever declared by congress . 1822, Mexican-American.,spanish-amer., ww1 and ww2.
Because congress can never make a decision . On anything much less a war
I agree; bring our troops home and station them on our borders!
Yes let's ignore this idiot threatening to launch on us first chance he gets.
Sit down.....
You always take something that needs fixing and go so far the other way your just as crazy as what your trying to change.
Mr Paul, you need to sit down and shut up, your extremist views make you sound crazy. Quit embarrassing yourself and our state!
Oh, just go away...hardly anyone is listening to your blustering.
That Gene Wilder look isn't good on you.
But where yo daddy at @RandPaul
Lets make Florida and Texas pay 4 their own annual disasters.
Hey senator. Want us to crawl into a hole and hope our enemies don't hurt is.
Because Congress wanted to hide behind the Presidents coat by allowing him the power of war powers act Congress voted to fund wars each year
I think he has gone off the deep end! Obviously some kind of major shift in the brain waves?
@RandPaul You need to Outline a Solution! Not just Nah Say! We may not get another opportunity to solve!
Thank you for standing up and saying what too few in Congress have the courage to any longer. We stand with you in Tennessee Senator.
Unless Trump has a " brilliant plan " to end this money vacuum of a war.
I as a Canadian , I also support that bill. I tired of paying a currency exchange to a dysfunctional, economically challenged America.
Unlike conventional wars, "war on terror" lacks a specific battlefield. Its a war directed against multiple enemies, not just one adversary.
Setting a timetable to end support of war on terror could have disastrous results. I'm no expert & would be interested in your thoughts.
Thank you, Sir.
Ugh
I rise today to oppose unauthorized, undeclared and unconstitutional war. but all i will do is complain, and in the end do nothing about it.
Screw you Rand!
Thank you, Senator. This is an outrage.
I'll take Article 2 Sec 3....extraordinary circumstances. He already has that power. Absurd debate. Lazy Congress! Do real work!
War is terrible...no one wants it, clearly. But really? This is all you do Rand, righteous indignation. How about doing your real job?!
I was thinking with DJT will be no more wars?????!!!!
Go Rand
Of course don't you have a lot of other stuff to handle stay focused oh never mind your going away thanks for all you've done, nothing!
Wow! I agree with Rand Paul. Obama wanted to get rid of AUMF as well. LONG OVER DUE--Especially with a chimp at the wheel.
I agree, on paper.  Can you propose something for useful, like a solution.
Get lost
You're so wrong on this Senator. This is a looooooooooooooong war. Support the Troops
Well said Senator
an Orator should read the Constitution aloud before the House and Senate once a week for 3 months,once a month thereafter PRESENCE by all
Your opposition to everything is why nothing get done.
Of all the senators, at least he has a decent moral compass..
About time.
I rarely if ever find myself on the side of US Libertarians (who are almost always fullashit). Most Dems support the #NDAA, and fuck them.
Stop illegal arm sale first. Oh my bad u don't care about that because ur hands get paid out of that

Thank you for standing up and speaking out to end the endless unconstitutional wars-
The Illuminati may have a problem with this tho
yep
Yes, it is past time to obey the constitution. Congress, not any acting POTUS should declare war.
The terror groups haven't stopped. We don't want to fight on our soil. Get them where they are not where they want to be.
#justiceformichaelbrandel murdered after being tortured and beaten in the face with a maglight vermilion county Illinois
#justiceformichaelbrandel beaten in the face with a maglight then murdered other citizens reports covered up, link to Facebook
Get with the program, Rand. Get to priority issues!!!
You are in way over your head.  Back off the military.  Your efforts will prolong the fighting.
Really...????...Are you still on Vacation....??? @IngrahamAngle @realDonaldTrump @VP @seanhannity
We need to compromise
go get them senator!
Rand Paul is the only man of integrity left in that snake pit we call Congress. A true American 
Geez, does the Senate know it's in session??
I #StandWithRand!
Never mind that we are not at war with the country of Afghanistan, but instead with multi-state, murderous ideology.
Agreed.
@RandPaul a true American Patriot. Keep fighting the good fight Sir.
What Are You stalking About Now Rand?  You are a Traitor to the Republican Party!
Damn straight he is, Bubba! And that's a wonderful thing.
Why? If you are intelligent please reply.  If not please don't.
RAND Paul .... it's time we got tough and stop letting these 3rd world countries threaten our country!!
America think that we will win afghan war,http://impossible.Here  war is for get money and for get coalition sport fund from america & ally.
We stand with you. Thank you.
House of Commons does more work than these fools. Sad the erosion of American, self centered, usurpation politicians have no morals.
How unamerican,
They didn't just start this week.  Seems like the current one that was kick started 9/11, again, started in the early 1800s for us.
I wish you could talk sense into your fellow Senators.  We need to get out of these wars and concentrate on American people's interests.
Please keep doing what you are doing.
Rand do something useful for a change, grandstanding like some other GOP blowhards gets us nowhere.
My only concern is the lack of urgency our elected officials exhibit
Fix healthcare & taxes first. Next get rid if bribery/lobbying & corruption in senate and congress. Then feel free to go on these tangents.
It took you this long?!?!?!?!?!?!?
Agree agree agree!
Really!!!
Would that be the undeclared and unconstitutional war you and the rest of the Senate and House and gov are waging against @realDonaldTrump
I rise today to say you should do something productive. Give up Senate/Congress exemption to ACA .(OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01) CC @POTUS
Well Trump is for the rule of law. So it will be intresting 2 C how this goes.
MIC & $$$, 'nuff said.
@RandPaul, senator I understand the point, I agree with constitutional integrity. I don't agree that the threat should be left unchecked. ..
I don't feel that Congress has the ability to quickly respond to threats and counter actions that are required to keep terrorist in check..
So what is the answer? What is needed  is a fast track method that allows Congress / POTUS to quickly respond to threats and actions... Ex
One more time - PAUL, RYAN, HARRIS, GUITERREZ, FLAKE,MCCAIN, GRAHAM MUST GO! They don't care about the very ppl they represent - CITIZENS!
Wasting time he should be opposing DACCA and working on O-Care repeal and replace.
Good point!
We are always at war with terrorist, you have to, if they gain control of a country with nuclear weapons, it'll be worse
Courageous and honest.... Kentucky people should be proud
Wars... Plural 
I can't wait for the war crimes trials. Be fun to see US politicians fry or dance at end of a rope.
So just let all whom died die in vain and Afgh. end up another Iraq?
This totally doesn't make sense... what if someone declares war on us. And we haven't declared war on them... then what?
Thank you
Oh,  I don't know..  maybe SOMEONE knew. 

Eh,  this is a step in the right direction.
Is he aware of the FACT that war is being made to the US & THREATENS the US???
Spineless.
Bring those who call & prepare for war against other nations to Justice. Be it by law or by the gun.
