You Libertarians have some good ideas, but ur anti drug law position isn't one of them. There is great harm done to society by this industry
The "industry" you speak of is created by the prohibition of drugs.  Legalize and regulate and the cartels will evaporate
So more gvt bureaucracy will fix the drug crimes and fallout. Whew, that's a relief.
We the people suffer the consequences of criminality. 
You senators have special protection 
WE DON'T 
@orlandoandresm4
I have to disagree with Paul. We have too many criminals in our society in the public. You deal drugs, get locked up. Simple
Amen
Or #Sessions & #Trump want to FINALLY eradicate #MS13 but they can't say that b/c the #Left will call them racist?
#MaximumSentences→ many #MS13 are American #citizens so can't be deported. @realDonaldTrump & #Sessions don't want them back on the streets.
I love both of you, but I agree with Rand on this one.
Thanks (unless you meant Rand and Sessions :) )
Love CATO.
No, drug dealers are the same as murderers. They destroy lives, deaths from overdoses are skyrocketing, devastating families!
Rand! My man! You are right and Sessions is dead wrong!
Sessions may or may not be right abt sentencing reform, but he is absolutely correct in having his dept follow existing law faithfully.
That includes the 10th amendment, right?
I love the 10th amendment. Bet Sessions does too. Problem is: AG doesn't get to do sentencing reform.  Sessions sees that. Holder didn't.
Lock up Hilary for her Corruption & pay to play forcing Foreign Diplomats to pay into the Clinton Foundations Scheme. Who Killed Seth Rich?
What is going on with you Senator lost common sense 
Too much $ in your pockets
No Rand Paul Sessions is right if you impose hard time to lower level those criminal will think twice before doing anything illegal.
@RandPaul KY is watching you...
Hey @RandPaul , remember when no one wanted you to be president? How 'bout you let Trump & Sessions do their thing. People voted for THAT.
This subject makes me mad. If Trump does not support this bill I may not be able to suport him any longer.
So is overthrowing a democratically elected president with rumors and anonymous accusations but you dont see to concern about that.
I agree with you, I thought @RandPaul would stand up for our freedom and liberty instead of this coup
Rand stands on principles of freedom,liberty, and non interventionism and you think He supports a coup against @POTUS?
No but he isnt bitching about it.
This article makes no real sense you Congressman do nothing but talk but over years have done nothing the problem needs Sessions plan
Watch it Random, Sessions may try to have you locked up for disagreeing with him. We already saw what he does about laughing and joking
After @POTUS visits @NATO & returns home, @TheJusticeDept AG can resume mass murdering his own citizens w/ drug war. http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/donald-trump-will-not-win-the-drug-war …
@RandPaul for Attorney General!! Love that guy! His father should be head of the Federal Reserve, so he can destroy it!
Rand Paul you need to use common sense keep people from joining gang by imposing hard time in jail if they do so
Sentencing already non-existent in America.  Reinforce existing sentencing now.  Then, maybe years from now, diminishing can B considered.
#StandWithRand he won't steer u wrong ever no others compare to Rand non...
You is wrong. Criminals is criminal. Enforce law
Sessions is right to be following the law. If we are ever going to right the ship, congress writes law. Rand Paul needs to do his job.
Thank u Rand Paul, good looking out r some people against Sessions, his head isn't screwed on right.
Paul knew the kind of person Sessions is and voted for him because of party over Country and now is complaining of his actions? Stupid
Clearly we elected the wrong senator for KY. Don't do crime, won't spend the time!  That simple fool!  didn't you learn anything growing up?
Meth, coke and heroin dealers need to be put away for life. They are murderers and domestic terrorists and need to be treated as such.
Why do Reps always have to eat their own? If you don't like mandatory minimums then change those laws. No need to join dems in attacking WH.
Rand is right about most things .
Non-violent crimes need lesser sentences; violent crimes need longer ones.  It's a NO-BRAINER!!!! @jeffsessions @RandPaul.  MAGA!  FIX this!
@nsarwark @RandPaul @CatoTimLynch but @randpaul was wrong when he voted to confirm sessions. So there's that.
NOT EXACTLY
How crimes are sentenced is not the issue. What is considered a crime is the issue.
Sorry, Rand. Zero's DOJ implemented looser new guidelines these last 8 yrs & violent crime has sky rocketed. No one is in jail over pot poss
Violent crime is down from 2007 to 2017 nationally though up in large cities. The country is safer now than 10 yrs ago. Math not feels
Though up in large cities.  Location and not feels
Put the users in rehab,, but put the drug traffickers and sellers in jail..get them off the streets!!
Disagree with Sen Paul
I like Rand Paul, but he's drifting from the truth.
#EndMandatoryMinimums
Sessions is a mental case, a bigot from Alabama.... enough said. ......
I respect Sessions, but I agree completely with @RandPaul. Harsh sentencing makes the general populous feel good, yet solves very little.
RAND PAUL confirmed sessions. These aren't new stances. This wasnt a mystery. Hes opposing now because it's ideological and politically easy
This may be the case, congress makes laws, AG executes those laws.  Sessions is merely enforcing laws currently on the books.
Yes Rand is right Again!! With all the crisis going on w the Left ttrying 2 destroy Trump, u would think he had more important things 2 do!
Rand Paul soft on crime
U are taking 1 part of a problem and declaring others invalid. People are dying today. TODAY. Paul's intellectual answer doesn't solve TODAY
I respect Rand Paul, & agree on # of issues, but on this he's wrong. Sorry to say, but his leniency cost him the GOP nomination
Rand Paul is never right except party line
The Judges will hand down whatever deal he/she and the DA have worked out.  Called a Plea Deal.End the Lazy DA &CAA's &these crimes lessen.
#StopDeStefano #SethRichCoverUp #MAGA #NoLieberman
We need longer sentences.
Good use of tax dollars?
No. Go look at California's mess after Prop 47 and tell me why being lax on crime is a good thing again.
Sessions is right. This country needs to get its act together not run amuck because criminals get out early
Typical swamp response. @RandPaul makes laws. @AGJeffSessons enforces. Don't want it enforced? Change it. @SenateGOP fault If you can't.
Good luck with that. The voters of the U.S. are clueless. Do you really believe Feinstein gives a shit?
Investigate
Congress can change the law then Jeff Sessions can enforce.  Until then he will enforce the law of the land
Rand voted to confirm Sessions knowing damn well he would do this. 
Yes, he knew that Sessions would enforce the laws as he is Constitutionally bound to. Most people have forgotten this after 8 lawless yrs
Agreed 
I didn't see Sessions ever say he was Against reform but We weren't even applying the law.
If you don't sell drugs you don't have to worry about mandatory minimum sentences.
The whole damn thing needs to be reformed especially for non violent crimes. #novictimnocrime
Politicians want to be seen as tough on crime, but mandatory minimum sentences need to be reformed. Too many people in prison for too long.
GOP need to QUIT worrying about re-election and START backing our POTUS or they won't stand a chance come 2018!
Simple to figure out! Sessions still living in 20th century on all issues!
*Don't forget the 19th Century.
Rand voted for Sessions knowing full well what he was capable of. Do not carry @RandPaul water.
No, make them do ALL their time. Stop cuddling these PEOPLE
