Rand!! It doesn't matter anymore we need something to go through we need to win. Vote for it and fix it later. Anything is better than ACA
Jodi I invite you to look at my child in the eyes. The child with a life threatening disease. And tell him how this is a "win". Wow.
If it's not helping everyone, they need to fix it!
I agree. A bipartisan fix is necessary. But the GOP won't do it. It's not perfect. So they need to accept bipartisan input.
Obamacare only helps 10.4 million while 28 million no longer can afford care and have cancelled coverage.
I disagree with your numbers for the ACA. But we can agree to disagree. I pray that a bipartisan fix can be found.  For everyone.
There was a tweet that came from the White House directly with the numbers you can look at it. It wasn't the President, it's very real!
Ok. I will check it out. As you can see, I'd rather discuss than argue. I appreciate your telling me that.
Perfect world repeal. For now, Replace & get new Senators onboard once America votes RINOS out in 2018. 
Losing battle to win the war is better than zero. Replace then repeal will shut Bernie up until 2018 & 2020 sweeps out all RINOS in Congress
Gotta hand it to Rand as he isn't doing exact means but he does get to the same end - zero.
a NO VOTE leaves many Americans in a poor position +hardship 2 continue with OBC your choice your stand or helping Americans OBC is failing
If pass Paul Ryan+McConnell's FAKE repeal your kids stuck with Obama's TAX forever. Also guarantees Paul Ryan 2018 win, u want that?
#NoVote
Why am I not surprised @randpaul is tagged in this
Because it's his tweet chain..
#Resist!!!
Absolutely
We aren't going to do your socialist healthcare! We do insurance!
Let  it fail on its own. If this goes through gop owns Obama care.
Full repeal then revamp!
Bureaucrats, lobbyists w their hands out come before people .....
And since @realDonaldTrump is supporting it and it must be a horrible bill. Trump is so hungry for a deal he's going to screw us!
This is another travesty. Stop shoving this garbage down our throats! Repeal ONLY! #UnitedForFreedom
do not give up push for true reform!
Stick with #Fullrepeal Senator! Don't let this liberal bill pass. No Obamacare lookalikes! #UnitedForFreedom
@RandPaul I just listened to @LindseyGrahamSC and couldn't get how your statement makes sense.  #helpmeunderstand
Please sir, millions of people are praying for you to stand by us and vote no on Graham Cassidy.
If you vote to kill this effort you will hand Schumer, Pelosi, Obama and Hillary and socialized medicine a huge victory.  Please vote AYE
Get rid of politics, and do the right thing.
Absolutely.  And the right thing is to support only bill that will pass that ends the federal mandate and IRS fines.  Vote AYE, Senator.
You to explain that statement. Otherwise it's definitely out there
.@randpaul my daughters have no Dad if this passes. It won't, it's EVIL.
Do you understand you will be killing people with this? I don't think you'll sleep at night.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! #FreeMarketOnly! #NoFederalOverreachIntoStatesRights!#UnitedforFreedom!
All of you need to be on the same healthcare as the rest of America.
If DJT had scrapped at git go things would hv been getting done ...he isn't going to let ppl b hurt by his decisions. Media will lie 4 Dems.
@chrisjacobsHC ... UNITED WE STAND DIVIDED WE FALL...Please vote YES
No replace! Repeal and revert to grandfathered plans of 2009! #repealandrevertto2009
STOP THIS!!
Please stand Rand strong & vote no on healthcare. Save the unborn from PP funding!! No blood on you hands, Senator! #UnitedForFreedom
DC power MUST BE LIMITED according to our Constitution. We need a full Constitutional restoration of our Republic.
The sneaking around, undercover pork filled deals tied to healthcare screw things up!!! Simplicity & truth work !!
And the ACA doesn't do that, I think that isn't the intention. Perhaps misspoken
How are you working with your peers to address the issues you have?
Please vote NO on Graham Cassidy
If U didn't get UR healthcare pd 4+were just a reg person+had 2pay 4 obama care high cost U would WANT this bill passed U R hurting people
Lindsey Graham is a RHINO don't listen to him He is not for the American people
Please just do your job REPEAL
Does ANYONE trust McCains but buddy?
Good call. Thank you for posting. Now I get it.
@realDonaldTrump @SenMikeLee Trump put in office 2 sign bill sent 2 him by Congress to Repeal Obamacare. Graham-Cassidy is a Trojan Horse!
What other options are there that will pass? USA is becoming a leftist nation. A more conservative option will not get through.
Yes, a clean repeal is ideal. But what chance do u have of passing 'replace' that's not demonized? Cut OCare into 50 pieces & disperse it.
If gov really CARED, they would release their control on health ins, leave Medicaid in place,& offer tax subsidies to all to purchase insur!
When something is this complicated, you can bet they're hiding a lot!!Will we jump from frying pan into fire????
Do NOT want UNELECTED UNQUALIFIED BUREAUCRATS making decisions about my health insurance or healthcare-----
Bits and pieces are better than nothing at all. If the sen. could get their act together it would be different.
Bottom of the 9th, 2 outs, 2 strikes, and you bunt. It’s not a binary choice, progress and momentum are needed to fix this. #disappointing
@LindseyGrahamSC it's true. Senator Graham bring back House bill
Please don't kill this improvement over status quo.  Just don't.
TO BLOCK GRANT to the STATES which seems very constitutional. Dont shoot this down since you want perfect. EXTREMISM is bad in all forms.
OK, I get it.But it is still better than current Obamacare.Please vote for Graham-Cassidy bill.Later take power away from bureaucrats.PLS RT
Was H'care perfect B4 Obama? No. AFTER Obamacare? Hell no! We're NOT a country of 1(you). Stop grandstanding. We need a place to start.
I don't care if it's O care light. Is it better than O care Now? Step in right direction, start somewhere because doing nothing is killin us
Big picture: 

Pass GC bill-> gain momentum for tax reform-> pass tax reform -> pad majority in 2018-> pass full repeal in 2019.
iVoteAmerica commends @RandPaul for his stance.

We don't trust our state gov with power over our healthcare any more than the fed gov.
Obstructionist
Rand - it is better than nothing. Please vote for it then work on replacing it.
played football in HS with people like u they care more about getting the ball than if the team punched the ball in the endzone & got the W
Instead of doing what YOU want, why don't you try doing what the PEOPLE who elected you want for once! 
OC Was A Lie! No Dr. Now! Please Vote Yes So We Can Have Relief!
Vote Rand out! We know it's not perfect but it's better than ACA. U r out of touch with the American people!
Vote for it...bill can be tweaked later...better than the way Obama Care is now. You have to start somewhere &time is running out.
vote yes on graham-cassidy.  we the people do not want single payer,  gov't already has screwed veterans administration.
I am not a Federalist like you.  I know that we need consistency between states on many things including healthcare.  People are hurting.
This bill is bad for America and bad for the Republican Party!
The GOP doesn't have a clue on how to replace ACA. They're just puppets on a string held by Dictator Trump who only cares about himself.
Thank you Sir for objecting to this horrible bill. Please stay strong the people are behind you. This bill is worse than the last bill.
Dearest Rand, is this bill better or worse than keeping OCare that your NO vote will leave in tact? Dems are dancing. Next up, single payer.
Yep, it is this or single payer.
Truth. Grand standing is fine if the alternative was grand, it is not. Graham-Cassidy is a start. Fight to make it perfect. There's time.
anyone who has actually worked with "grants" know the granter- write the rules.  You must do:______ for $.  Lost freedom.
If it ends Obamacare and gives power to the states -let's do it! Please!!!!!
Please VOTE yes!!
Millions of Americans are counting on you to vote no! We deserve more than a partisan rush bill. ACA saved my life and $. #killthebill #fix
Is FRAUD the problem? Especially in Medicaid/Medicare?
Then don’t just say NO! Talk to @POTUS! Ocare punishes working guy &makes Insurance CEOs rich! Mandates are a CRIME against taxpayers
https://twitter.com/vooda1/status/910691302194286592 …
PLEASE give this a chance !!! We need to try something else!! We have NO insurance !! Give to states... fight for better later!
"Perfect is the enemy of the good" Let that soak in!
Thank you for standing against Graham Cassidy bill Sen Paul.
Senator - if you don't pass this bill, we could lose the majority & you leave us open to single payer? Pass thebill&thenfixthefundingissues
Fix that later, must start making inroads to fixing the destruction of 8 years of Obama and the horrible health care dilemma he left us with
Rand Paul, hero of Obamacare
Pelosi and Obama are against it...please pass it!!!!
Paul what do you say to the Republican Gov who took the money and want more? 31 Gov took the Medicaid expansion. OB trap.
At some point U R not doing UR job. Doing NOTHING based ur convictions is still DOING NOTHING. Ocare sux, yes, but this about MUCH MORE...
The SWAMP prevented full repeal/replace. U will NEVER get 100% of your goals. Ppl need SOME relief. By resisting YOU HAVE  BECOME THE SWAMP.
I wouldn't like that.  DC, the Directorate Center, has way too much power already.
Paul most of your support is coming from Democrats. That has to tell you what to do. Vote yes
Paul this is our last chance pls cut Obama Care now. This Bill undoes the Supreme Court decision. Take what we can now
Get government's and insurance out of healthcare,  % of individuals income per quarter  allowed to bill by medical firms total no more.
Stop messing around!!  #FullRepealOrNoDeal!!  #UnitedForFreedom
Senator, you had your chance to persuade your colleagues to pass something better. The solution now is not to leave ACA in tact.
Thank you Senator for sharing and for sticking to your promise. I may not agree with you. But appreciate being true to your word
Not only that the states will do more to get people working. And no lobbying and no campaign contributions, from health care co. &drug co.
Please go for it. If states had to take responsibility maybe the won't take illegals. And it is a start get it going and fix as you go along
Save Obamacare!  Vote no.

Rand votes NO on  "Ice Cream Sundaes for Kids w Cancer Act" -no provision in legislation for cherries!Rand rides off on his pure white horse
You mean it this time, or nah?
Rand, do you have something for us? I say repeal and beef up Medicare Medicaid and let us open market buy ins. Remove illegals from medical
We can't afford healthcare anymore, I really hope they come up with a solution for self payers. ACA costs more than a mortgage.
Here's Rand again stopping progress! Y? Because he wants HIS bill passed pride that's all.  Come on! I need a break for healthcare
Drain the sewer and vote this swamp creature out.
If Obama hates it, I'm for it Senator... do the right thing and fix it later.. your costing us seats, the liberals hate it!!!
U ubstruct with no solutions
Rand has healthcare and we pay for it.he only cares ABOUT his donners the INSURANCE companies not about the people of Kentucky.Mr no
Full repeal of ACA is the solution
But the skinny repeal didn't? This is why you didn't win the nomination. You keep fighting the wrong battles just to stand out?
It gets rid of the mandate! We need that! Work on improvements later Without something 18 looks bad for @GOP!
Agree, but what should " we the people " do to terminate the insanity within our government? We can vote or revolt.
Sir, I keep reading what you are against, but what's your solution? Repeal/Replace in <140 characters LOL
Your Cohorts are doing all they can to lose the senate
I have a son living in OhioHe is a quadriplegicHe is now on Medicare disability & Obamacare. He has had a horrible time getting care.
Please help my son get good healthcare.
Government has no business taking o re our health care. Sick of this mess.
I'm so glad you have a platform..keep up the fight!!
I'd respect you more if you stepped up and said why you don't like it, what you think is best, then if it's only you and a few, all step up
I respect your consistency but if it boils down to a couple of republicans, all should vote for the team win. We must have wins or we lose
I would love a clean repeal bill but the majority doesn't. So this at least ensures no single payer program-it's why Dems fight it.
Not fixing t/socialist ACA, GOP will lose 2018 republicans seats unnecessarily. We must be wise. Most Americans don't want full repeal.
Talk talk talk, you blew it Senator!
Actually somewhat simple. So what's the problem?
Why isn't President Trump or anyone else on board with you? You sound convincing and believable.
Stop tweeting and get to work.
Help Americans to have lower premiums. Vote yes.   Add amendments later.  Don't miss this chance.  Be a republican not obstructive Dems
Plus think about all other bills you can get to if you get 1 win!  Taxcuts, immigration reforms etc etc.  Bring the bill to POTUS.
Does Rand get the alternative?  You keep ACA plus you move toward Single Payer.  Voting NO all the time is not an option.
#COS #ConventionOfStates #TermLimits
Vote got it!!
Move over
Well where is your brain child? Where are your supporters, you couldn't get it off the ground but you're good enough to destroy other bills!
I’m on your side,but do you have a R&R?I hope you do and I should check your website. I love that you are sticking with why you were elected
Please repeal Obamacare now Senator.
Why is it so hard for DC to pass a clean repeal? @POTUS is right: "Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer."—@realDonaldTrump
Vote no against this pork barrel  trash.
This looks like http://kink.com  but in color
Govt health care is bad because there's no incentive to get it right; just raise more taxes. Free market has to get right or goes broke.
Something has to be done.  Literally anything is better!  AHA is costing way too much & no one can afford to use it.  Only ins co benefit.
And it hurts real people.
For God's sake, Dr., have you convinced ANY peers of your ideas? EVER? We put you up there to fix things & this TOPS the list. KY 42240-9391
DC always wins. They won big time with Obamacare. We need an alternative rather than waiting for pure socialized health care to happen.
Jodi, obviously you live in a cave. Crawl back under your rock and pray you never need help from anybody
A no vote for the #GrahamCassidy repeal is a yes vote to keep #Obamacare
Be honest. The murder of the unborn on fed $ is not that important to you that you will compromise to stop it. You are such a fraud.
Please at least agree to send it to the States! #selfemployed#cannotafford#everymonthlypaymenthurts
I thought states gets to choose their own HealthCare and Medical Laws? What DC is doing now?
That's cool. But it means that Obamacare, that all hate, stays the law of the land. Defend that.
I want congress to have the same as the people
I like you Rand Paul I get you i believe you are looking out for the best i encourge President to listen to you we need to do what is right
Seriously, stop playing the Almighty. Start looking at what the PEOPLE want, NOT what YOU want. Keep it up and you'll be gone real soon
You are an obstructionist!  You are not being a team player!  And I agree with president Trump you are being negative for this cause!
Thank you! You took the words out of my mouth. Rand Paul is a lost cause for ANY draft in this matter; he is not too far from John McCain.
Obama is aggravated by Graham-Cassidy bill so it may be a good thing to vote for it.
Randy will cave! Just watch!
Stop grandstanding, Senator. 

Ask KY governor if he supports it and do what's right for Kentuckians.
Senator Paul, I respect your ideals. But this plan is the last chance. It's either the Graham-Cassidy plan, or Obamacare in all its glory.
I love it when these state reps say no on their principal when we tax payers pay 4 the best HC 4them so they just watch people suffer of OBC
help your team move the ball down the field.  Your constituents are getting tired Washington taking vacationing not getting anything done.
#StandWithRand
Rand I love you bro.   What you want isn't going to happen.  PERIOD.  Either get behind your POTUS or resign.
You are just really starting to sound like a whiny obstructionist.
VOTE WITH REPUBS PLEASE! WE CAN NOT KEEP OC!
Rand we understand ur issues but we have to start some where. Vote in the affirmative, work to make it better but removing the mandate ok.
You should put your plan on the floor @LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP
I think you should just pass something to get Obamas name off of it and President will be happy 
@RandPaul being presented with a bill that doesn't meet every one of his demands;
Run 2020
#potus Should WE trust anything from Graham? McCain & Graham, never Trumpers, thick as thieves & McCain voted down repeal. WHY? This is why.
Thank you for doing what's right, Senator Paul.
Another government wasteful program
Enough nonesense. Get on the bus or go home
There's the whole problem.  The government shouldn't have ever got involved in health care 2 begin with. But they want to control our lives.
Bahhh.  Got your number. If you have to be contrary to your party to get on the talk shows.  Its all about your Face time.
Vote NO! Your constituent, 40508.
Senator Paul, you're amongst the powerful Zionists/Central bankers. Good luck. Expose them, then oust them, like Bolivia just did.
It's not perfect but it's a vehicle to repeal & it can be tweaked & made better after passage. You only have 10 days under reconciliation
I'm not paying for it & neither or you ,you all & I Stand w Rand
A no vote say you approve Obamacare 100%,  A yes vote say you approve 80% Obammacare.
Just heard your interview on NPR, glad you cleared up that citizens shouldn't expect the same level of care with #kochcare as ACA
Vote NO PLEASE!
So which is it? Time to choose.
.@RandPaul: "As a physician I've seen ObamaCare up close & personal, and I hate every bit of it." 
Don't they always get the most power, along with leftist judges?
Then fix it. Stop talking and fix it. Right now I can't afford $18,000 out of pocket on a $50,000 self-employed income. Fucked up.
you would rather let the people live under Obama care which will become single payer will remember 2022 tell the people about your HC Rand
I don't need to read it to know this'll be a disaster too. But now the Republicans will own it. Repeal & get out of healthcare. Free market!
