why haven't you ran as an independent yet? 2020?
make it illegal for drug companies to commission doctors, put a small copay on every doctor visit
If you end mandates, healthy people don't enroll. Expand Access (more expensive since coverage is area specific),& how lower cost?
Health Insurance does not equal health care. Costs will go down when we insure less.
but the taxes will go up as government pays for uninsured at 165% of the cost to insure.  Next!
sad reply
guess as a health insurance agency owner for 20 years, I don't know anything in my industry.  But DRs know all!
Doing so well the industry has to rope the last 40 million in w mandated purchase.
and Marco Rubio destroyed the whole thing through defunding the risk corridors.
First of all, I didn't care what kind of fake "law" they come up with to force us to buy something! I'll do as I please. Period.
mandate was always a Republican idea, be truthful and not lie to your constituents #DoYourJob #InvestigateTrump #CountryOverParty
and put a cap on premiums to a percentage of wages and employers pay half the premium.
proposal: all Amers. get $5k via govt to spend on priv. insur., 1k 4 prevent. care. Costs above 5k - covered by Medicare for all
yes!
Help @realDonaldTrump  in getting rid of dirty political crooks like @SpeakerRyan and then get into Obamacare & #RepealtheDeal
You as a doctor much to my dismay, don't understand a thing about how healthcare works in america, There is no free market and you know that providing bare bones care that will not pay when a person gets really sick & will only cause premiums to go up for those that need it most,
hooray a real American hero vice adm HARWARD standing up to PLOTUS ...PATHOLOGICAL liar of the U.S.
and support buying groups like VHA to leverage power for hospitals to lower drug and supply cost
You should take the very coverage you create
Not required to by healthcare until your sick. Make same requirement for auto ins, get in accident then buy insurance? What!!
Can we please keep the pre-existing condition clause? Everything else sounded great on Cavuto earlier.
and how about educating about supplementation with 90 essential nutrients so that you don't get sick to start with...???
get a clue rand. Congress runs like a cement truck in sand.
restore American healthcare to #1 in world
have you ever worked for a health insurance company?  You better talk to some insurance company employees before you implement.
no don't end mandates. Open the market across the nation for competition including Canada.
fix what needs fixing in the ACA, take credit for fix, rename law, move on.
why not have a federal market instead of state based, bigger economies of scale, why not start there
Totally agree, but need to overcome state vs fed insurance reg turf issue. Not only eco scale, larger risk pools.
Yes. Exactly
sounds good to me.
pre existing conds covered if have current insurance coverage. Otherwise NO. Not get ins when diagnosed with cancer
# 
Where is your replacement health insurance plan, you said in January you would introduced a new replacement for ACA?
sounds great.  Pass a bill oh hair gel'd one
WHAT LEVEL OF INEXPENSIVE ARE YOU SUGGESTING. ACA AIN'T CHEAP BUT FAR MORE SO THAN BEFORE IT. SO WTF ARE YOU SAYING,  EXACTLY !
Yes, and yes.
AGAIN, THIS IS THE SAME OLD SHITTY PLAN THAT WAS IN PLACE BEFORE!!!!!!   WE WILL NOT ACCEPT THIS.
"inexpensive insurance" with no regulations sounds like insurance that pays no benefits when needed. Are you willing to regulate?
so what are you waiting for repeal the law keep what is good and drop the rest tired of government you work for us
keep the preconditions and kids on to 26 but get the government out of my doctors office and get rid of the mandatory being find
the Democratics jammed this law down our through the so tired of political bs thinking they now best
Single payer. No 'savings accounts'. INVESTIGATE DRUMPF!
shittier coverage will always be cheaper. What is so smart about that?
Thank you
here here
why you support Russian interference in our democracy??
meds from Canada?
Like 1994-2008 when you did nothing? What a joke
But don't investigate anything within your own party. Just close your eyes and ignore?
Winning formula!
Mandates are ridiculous, nobody should be forced to buy anything they don't want.
What is the plan? Keep hearing the GOP is coming up with one. Where is it?
What voters want is you to investigate 45's ties to Russia and get his taxes released for all to see. #DoYourJob
And refund the penalty money everyone was forced to pay!!!
what is your answer to hold ins. companies in check? Rates are raising and overall coverage is lowered? Pre-existing conditions?
you have no clue how insurance works, do you?
Protect pre-existing conditions or people die! #probirth #resist
wow, look at all that access I can't afford, thanks.....
so no coverage for those with pre-existing conditions?
@lish0531 Give us what you have
If we can afford you & yours you can afford us & ours See how that works Citizenry has benefits
please keep pushing!  Liars have been bragging for years they have a plan.  Now, where are the plans!  Give us some details!
legal weed??
how are you reigning in the health plan, pharma? Still maintaining the 80% ML ratio?
@GennieCritzer I'm sorry you are having to deal with Republicans that don't seem to want to hold up their campaign promises.
keep fighting. We need you
You want inexpensive insurance? Look at, e.g., France. Better health care (statistics show this) for about half the cost.
Actually Congress is behind the fraud in Obama care, and bogus programs. Plus it's a giant middle class tax. Congress get rich!
Gees, so easy!  Now we just need some bright legislators to draft something called a "bill".
thank you Senator
not just access but actual healthcare. How about your taxpayer funded plan?
The sooner that heinous law is repealed and replaced the better
@FuhrerTomBrady Right, but why is so hard for Ryan boys to do that? Sabotage cowardice or incompetence #MAGA
good for u. Now end corruption. End lies & chaos in the white house. End risk of foreign involvement in our gov. Investigate Trump
please remember the disabled on fixed income if it wasn't for low cost insurance I would've died last year  from lack of care
I'm thinking all of these suggestions are solid. But, why is the congress and republicans not united in this?
sorry I didn't  see any thing about premium costs, drug costs, premium support?
way to solve a huge problem in 140 characters. No wonder you never get the nomination. Investigate the Russian ties
most folks can't afford coverage without subsides. You know this but try to mislead the public.
access is not coverage. Typical Republican bluster. Bait & Switch. Everyone has "access" now the problem is affordability.
you can't mandate lower health costs in a free market.  People will lose coverage and die.
Inexpensive for a 55 year old with preexisting conditions? I seriously doubt this.
you know for a fact costs aren't going back down without a mandate stop lying
We'll talk about that when you get serious about removing the dangerous WH committing treason. More important than tax reform.
okay let's get it done!!
the pressure is on, the @GOP better get it right
inexpensive ins causes more debt, trust me, I'm a MD. We have to take contract rates, can't cash discount w/cheap ins, pt pays $$$
while you're at it how about saying no to Jeff Sessions and civil asset forfeiture?
senator sadly a member of the #racistgop . The #ACA is the @GOP plan and particularly the #mandate is a #GOP feature
that worked so well prior to the ACA? How would it be any different?
sell out!
will you voting yes to bills (S 57) and (S 76) if it makes it far enough to vote on?
Assure us that inexpensive does not mean inadequate by promising to sign you and yours into the new healthcare system.
That is an easy answer to a complex issue.  Typical -GOP speak!
@beshymike Take a look at Uruguay  healthcare system
Why do you wish to legalize health providers continued theft by exempting them from Fed antitrust laws? I suspect you are in on it
and cover pre existing conditions
sounds good, but no caps and cover pre-existing, or taxpayer will have to foot bill.
End mandates is the best of all.
the lack of mandates will mean people are underinsured.  So low premiums and limited benefits is not real insurance and u know it
perfect!!
hell yes Rand, fight for us
a great man once said, Don't talk about it, be about it."
senator what's your stance on preexisting conditions? Genuinely curious, not being sarcastic.
Dear @RandPaul,
You want to lower the cost of something? Please pause… ask what is raise cost, not what is "fair" or "not fair" or popular!
What are u going to do abt Russian collusion with Trump campaign?
while your legalizing things #endmarijuanaprohibition
DO IT! It's a great start!
That would be the Free Market way.  Great idea!
Cost of care and cost of meds must be brought under control.  The insurance angle is secondary to this.
Next step, remove regulatory burdens...actually expand options.

Wow, Rand Paul. Wow. Said this to Kilmeade in a radio interview: 
that IS the goal.
Where do you stand on health care being a right for all?
'right' is a social construct.  anyone can make up their own set of rights.
lifetime caps here we come... fuck.
individual mandate needed so healthy people can be on plans to lower premiums for the sick. If no mandate, premiums rise for sick.
You know this doesn't add up. You're selling a lie that will bankrupt the sick.
Your plan also maintains free healthcare for you and your friends in congress. Must be nice having someone else pay for you.
Ya huh. And everyone can buy wings to fly!
How do you expand access and lower costs concurrently? It would be lower if you maintain or raise Ocare taxes which I'm for btw
Sounds great to me!
how does this help Americans with real health problems?
I support the ability to form groups so that those of us that cannot now be part of an employer plan can have similar benefits.
we had that before ACA.
how are you not speaking out against trump? I thought you were a patriot? #scared #whereisyourbackbone
HEY! @GOP had better step up, establish independent commission & investigate #Russiagate NOW!
will you be having the same insurance plan?  #resist we need to take back ins & make plans for congress instead of them for us
how about neither make any plans for anyone else?
plan that will put the GOP out of the house, Senate and WH.  Majority of american want to expand Medicare.
don't forget donut hole needs to be eliminated.
What the Problem with replacing Obamacare?Republicans have the Majority & still Won't Work Together! I'm totally Flabbergasted
Guaranteed Rand's plan doesn't effect his govt covered health insurance
where are Americans going to find less expensive insurance unless you stop BigPharm and hospitals from price gouging?
how? Which Americans get shafted? Women, sick, elderly,  children?
we should trade ins plans with u  then maybe your constituents will get a good deal.& you figure how to fix your ins
@ doctor Paul. Would our higher prices be adjusted in the new order on the appealing of Obamacare I would love like 2 see that ?
Asking because I don't know, but how do you afford to cover those with pre-existing conditions without a mandate?
With that being said, I'm all for repealing Obamacare
Not even 1 single American is going to save 1 penny when dealing with these insurance companies.
No bullet points Paul. Give clear details based on FACTS not the Kellyanne type though.
U R dilutional off your meds
Medicare for all.
can't do that but can increase medicaid, however no affect on SSI which applies to minors
To roll out Medicare for all just change age of eligibility. Begin negotiating w/drug companies. Would be a good start.
Plan stinks. Selling across states adds nothing. Increasing HSA limits only helps the wealthy. Fake. A giveaway to the rich.
what about decoupling employment and healthcare?
This starts to do that. Allowing individuals to pool together for group rates.
best of luck to you sir.
puppies for everyone. Free lunch, no cost. Rainbows instead of rainclouds. Bumper sticker politics.
Give up your healthcare plan.
why does he have to? My father lost his when Obama said u can keep it...replace that garbage
not good enough! Insurance reform has to happen before that could have a chance of working. Keep affordable care act!
Do you support an investigation into the Trump administration ties to the Kremlin? Is your head in the sand like @SenMajLeader
if u keep your head in the sand then you will lose votes at your next election we wi not forget.
Mr. @POTUS, Mr. @RandPaul has something  you  need to see, his bill to #RepealAndReplace; its going to #MAGA. 
#StandWithRand
get government out of the industry and let the market work it's magic!
how do you plan on lowering costs? Can't insurance providers just hike up the costs like they have done before?
can't apple just hike up prices on the iphone if they feel like it? it depends on the marketplace and competition.
that's exactly what I am saying, how are they going to guarantee its low cost/adorable insurance for everyone?
there is no guarantee for anything.  all one can do is look at patterns in the market or govt and make a guess.
exactly what I am saying. I hate this 140 character limit
Thank you for your fight repealing Ocare & replacement.  We support you 100%.  Fight GOPe & dems!  #MAGA @POTUS
It won't help unless the cost of care and cost of meds are drastically reduced. How does your plan address cost of care?
that requires congress to stop kick backs from pharm co. Several democrats make big $ from it so won't support
So do quite a few republicans. Greed runs rampant on both sides of the aisle. That's why it's not discussed.
yes I know and it has to stop
Let's stop it! Get the money OUT of politics. Check out @WolfPAChq
BS. Insurance industry had record profits last year. They're not going back for less.
Please keep the "concurrent care" provision for terminally ill minors. Allows for hospice care + treatment of condition. Thx!
You are a fool.  Your Republican colleagues are fools.  You care nothing for the Americans you're supposed to help.  NOTHING.
please sir HSAs soon
your the man Rand keep up the good fight!
How about you find out what in the holy hell is going on with this administration? The people will NOT let up. #Flynnvestigation
second and third that. Russia is a threat & so is @POTUS until u investigate start looking
Deregulate and open competition across state lines.
Pre existing conditions will need to be taken care of.  Keep pushing.
kinda hard to draw attention to such lackluster talk with everything else going on. Where's your dad, anyway? I miss your dad.
Correct  #StandWithRand
Sounds great rhetoric but no insurance companies are going to do anything unless you MAKE them.  Death spirals for all states
And destroy leverage for pre-existing conditions and lifetime caps. You fool.
And when the insurance doesn't really cover them? What about pre-existing conditions? Black lung? And other ACA protections?
businesses and individuals would be allowed to pool together allowing those with pre-existing conditions more leverage.
And Obamacare is GONE!

