Then why didnt write the bill? @RandPaul @Skonialo
I know. May they should do away with archaic rules, too many rules, bound to break them or become ineffective @RandPaul
As a Republican, I am tired os answering questions about its replacement, so yes Senator I am watching intently.
Please because I don't have any insurance and can't afford Obamacare because it is too expensive!
Please share where in the Constitution it grants Congress the power to legislate healthcare.
as an American citizen, I want a thorough investigation and impeachment of Trump
@2016DTS explain it please ,and explain it so the average person can understand! We are grateful Obama care is gone for good!
We the People, gave you congress, senate and a new POTUS . STOP TALKING ABOUT IT AND REPEAL OBAMACARE
Just repeal!!!  Do not replace.
So what the Hell have you been doing for 8 years? Where's your plan?
as a physician I want single payer
Why don't you just stop after the "repeal" part?
The LAST thing we need is another #ACA. #Deregulate & let #market #competition fix it. #Empower #Consumers! 
Yes. It's costly and worthless!
you could not wait to get to the mic and camera I have a plan DJT is about people first you first didn't win for your dad wont 4 u
@NetworksManager in the meantime we little people will suffer the high deductibles and monthly costs.
You need to step up now
Amen to that
Just fix it
Dude, you're an eye doctor.
replace with WHATTT!!!???
What about what your constituents want? The "Im a physician" is not a strong argument for your case. Lots of drs want to keep ACA
Repeal only. Let marketplace handle the market not government

You guys need to get some democrats to sign on for the replacement to pass. Do they even exist? Better focus on that.
@KHalperin1 replace with what?
Repeal #Obamacare now! Not later!
we need a free market and a law that says failure to insure preexisting conditions will be seen as discrimination!
why are insurance companies the only business in America that are allowed to discriminate against all people!
Get it done. American people want action. No talk. Thank you Senator Paul.
It is a commitment to voters and those suffering without insurance Compassionate repeal and replace is answer
with what?
The American people voted to repeal totally and replace obomercare.  Will settle for nothing less!
Replacing #ObamaCare with another government-designed "system" would be beneficial... how?
Senator, will you say repeal, then replace? Time is running out on repeal.
Have you a plan yet? An idea? An inkling? Or you can keep stalling and telling us how great it will be? Promises but no substance.
I think you first shld prepare the cake, then cook it, taste to make sure it is a good one; better than..
...B4 you bin #Obamacare
Yes, repeal and replace and do it NOW
How about repeal and send back to the states?
You were a physician? Why did you sell your soul?
U can't always get what U want, but if U try sometimes (& understand market forces) you just might find we have what we need #ACA
I want to repeal and dump Obamacare.
repeal and replace is premeditated murder. #shame #repealandreplace #republicanmurder #criminal #healthcareforall #singlepayer
Don't forget you have people covered who need it for conditions they are now facing.  Pre-existing is important.
so what's the replacement plan????
Replace!
Please make your colleagues stuck to the course!  REPEAL and REPLACE!   Not tweak.
doesn't the Dr. oath begin with "do no harm"? Repealing #ACA would harm at least 30M people. Old, pre-existing, etc...
it will all b for nothing if u do not investigate Trump & Russia. The Country will lose more faith in gov especially conservatives
I dare GOP to repeal Obama care. You ran on nothing but bigotry.
It appears you and a few others are lone voices in the wilderness.
DISGRACE HES FROM KENTUCKY YOU KNOW HOW MANY POOR WHITES ARE IN TRAILORS YOURA  DISGRACE...HES GONNA WIPE OUT 11M FROM MEDCAID EXT
Thanks, Rand, now my mom will never get a hip surgery. #idiocracy
as a member of #racistgop you must know the obamacare is racist and  #aca the @GOP @MittRomney plan is the correct name- use it
JUST REPEAL IT!  It is a mess either way, but don't go back on your word.
and your consecutive coverage clause will kill people...  thank you GOP.
with what?
No physician in the world would advocate for repealing without a replacement and your colleagues DGAF.  So you better fight hard.
replacement plan? Always looking for ways to improve but replacement is not always better
that's nice stop talking about it a get something done. You waste so much time you should all be fired. The public want results
How about just REPEAL?!
all you Republicans are doing is trying to figure out how the rich can get richer off of it and fuck the working person over
yeah 6 years later and you still haven't come up with anything to replace it with Republicans are a joke
Obamacare is already imploding as more insurance companies bail out/give tax breaks to those who purchase ins. on the individual m
@MBOKSR_MAGA I don't care if you replace it. Just repeal it!
The "replace" is what makes it dangerous. Freedom dies where government thrives.
However, I hope you ignore most of these ridiculous people. I almost feel bad for responding and becoming part of this mess.
killing 43,000 people a year
Free eyedrops???
that's awesome
and as a Physician,  you are clueless about the financial end. May as well say u stayed at a Holiday Inn.
It's hard to replace a premise that is a lie when everyone has bought the lie even the Republicans it's only purpose Singlepay
Any plan moving forward should repeal your govt subsidized healthcare as well. #nofreeloaders
Citizens no longer want to cover you healthcare either
No free healthcare for congress either. #nofreeloaders
but then the elderly and disabled won't have help. Leave Obamacare in place and come up with trumpcare and let people decide
Replace with Medicare for all.
with WHAT????
How about you worry about the imminent threat... repealing and replacing the President!!! You not doing what ur paid to do!!!
You're no physician, Rand. And take that ridiculous thing off your head. Jesus, man. Everyone knows.
"unfortunately, no one bothered to create an actual plan but I'll keep talking generalizations bc I'm in way over my head"
Yo @SenateMajLdr , where are you with @RandPaul on #RepealAndReplace ?!??! this guy RAND gets it...
so you will be replacing as soon as you repeal? Or what's the time line? Not having insurance for one day is unacceptable
#StandWithRand Go gettem Rand thxu sir....
"why would we bother investigating other Republicans? What would we gain from that?" Isn't that a conspiracy to cover up a crime?
And what does the replacement look like?
Link to replacement plan? If no replacement, no repeal. That's just common sense.
it's the replace part that's the tough one
Thank you for all the hard work you do for our great country!
Nonsense
used to like you until you put party before country today. Must investigate, even if it is your own party!  Stop being a homer!
You've had 7 years to come up with a better solution and you have literally nothing.
Humor us with specifics. Otherwise, go away.
I just want it to die. The method of its demise matters not.
btw..did you really say there should be no investigations of any kind if they are against republicans?
What about upholding our democracy in investigating Trump-Russia connection?  Tax Returns? Conflicts?  Treason? #russianhacking
Let's break this down, no evidence of an abnormal connection, it's conspiracy, tax returns is not required to be released,
conflicts of interest are investigated before they take office, and what treason?
As a Physician supporter I expect it.  So, get it done, please.
Will we be obligated to have insurance? And how will we provide healthcare to those not fortunate enough to have it?
give me back my $5,000 flex spending, I can't do anything with $2,500
better do it or we gonna repeal you out of the Senate.
7 years and you have nothing substantial to bring to the table. investigate your orange fool in WH
replaced with what? We've been waiting since 2010 for your alternative.
.@RandPaul Can we see your replace plan?  Is it posted somewhere we can download and review?
Basic summary of it
you want to replace with something that offers less coverage for less people, so nah
Rand Paul once said Donald Trump is a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag
