Get Government out of healthcare!!
Get this info out and get others to help----we know you are the best on this!  Thank you for standing for freedom!
Get the info out there!  If anyone can do it, you can!
Please say something about #Charolettesville . ANYTHING.  Please.  Your silence is deafening and saddening.
Well, where are these people?
Need solutions
Dr Rand
Thank you for standing strong
Full repeal of Obama care now

Thanks @RandPaul for your service.
when government is not the fourth party in healthcare, it automatically DECREASES
In Kentucky they call that horse Manure
You work in a swamp. That is where your work is, not back home where we are with you already. Good luck with the DC swamp.
or can use junk employer humana health insurance! Enjoy! It's all employer can afford, and get what pay for. 
What happens when hospitalized for acute condition? Answer...bankruptcy! maybe people can "choose" between 400$ month insurance or ipod. 
You juzt2 need 
Taxpayers pay the ins co for bailout, then pay again for ins . Ridiculous! Tax $$ to HSA and remove the middle man, i.e., the ins co.
Thank you Senator for understanding the savings and value of DPC, it is growing across the country and patients are loving it!
where were these doctors prior to 2009?  BTW, @realDonaldTrump is a fool
Keep up the good work!  You will find a solution to the healthcare problem!
Rand, I know you couldn't pass the boards, but as doctors, we don't practice based on anecdote. You shouldn't govern that way either.
Well this doctor supports DPC as a component of a rational health system.
Pls get a free mkt system where all prices R transparent & INS cos R OUT of price negotiations! Full repeal of ACA. simple and fair pricing
...among other things. How many yrs have you been a PUBLIC SERVANT? What do u have to show for it? Lies & bs. So you can win your next term.
That may or my not be true. Lets talk about the prices of drug cost, pre-existing conditions, planned parenthood,  opioid addiction...
Rand Paul always wasting our time spinning his wheels. #make something happen
Now you have come up with a way to do this with 51 votes in the senate you will not get 60 you know that 
Single payer.
I'm not a wordsmith but is this thorough direct care? I read through all comments and no one asked. Through works but unneeded in a tweet
I miss the good old days, when physicians made most of their profits from insurance; and took care of poor, uninsured patients for far less.
Except in the good old days, there was no insurance, and docs still took care of people.
Sure, are they going to make house calls? You can't provide Ky with medical care and no facilities? You are killing your own pp.
Some just wait at the desk and you sir you go get them! Good job  (:
So you're saying it's the insurance companies that are the problem? Isn't that solved by single-payer?
For primary car, it's ALL third-party payers that are the problem
Then talk to President Trump about it.
Exactly right. It's great to be rid of the federal government and their intrusion.
@realDonaldTrump hope you listening to Rand. His idea's are the best.
Quit trying to fake that you're gonna change  things. You're not.
That' s great for routine visits and short-term illnesses (and for those that can afford to see a doctor) What about catastrophic events?
That's what insurance—real insurance — is for. These DPC docs are only arguing against “insurance” for primary care
This footwork you are doing should have already been done sometime in the last 7 years. Too little too late don't you think??
Thank you Rand Paul!!!!
Would love to host you in Mt Sterling! Have your people call my people! #goodwork #repealandreplace #randpaul
We only have one problem, we subsidize the insurance companies and they become dependent  and don't compete.
What's happening with the private school boy uniform? 
What about Dr. Umber @seanhannity keeps talking about?!
Appreciate all you're going Senator , we know you're working hard on this healthcare bill .
Yes! A Pcp is cheaper than a Er visit! Wow if that's news we are on deep. Ask for help and input please. Stop breaking #ACA fix the bits
Cheaper, accessible healthcare by leaving gov out of it. Gov screws up everything it touches.
Like Dr Josh Umber of Atlas Healthcare
Lower medical COSTS & medical coverage will follow.
That's cause it's common sense. Your co-workers don't seem to get it though.
By pass insurance companies.   I think I like it!
Ok now ur talking!
Mthly saving can be used for personal use after few  yrs above a certain balance or to buy catastrophic or medicine insurance
how about $50 a month for doctor visit but pay $100 a month into a acct with $50 as saving for medicine/hospital. Saving is own $
Senator Paul my wife and I have been DPC patients for about 2 years and I can tell it's the best there is. We also get our meds there.
Get the government out of medical care and let the doctors do what they are trained to do. Politicians make lousy docs
They are lousy docs. As are insurance companies. Maybe politicians should speak more to those on front lines of healthcare. In rural areas
But nah, the GOP congress would rather go with gov run single payer so they can screw it up like the va
It is the best option!  As you know, OAP has #DPC for Congress and staff too (since 1930) at $611 a year.
#directprimarycare
7.5 years. Enough talk repeal Obamacare
That's great for those who can afford. What happens if catastrophic illness hits & no insurance?
Medicaid. If majority of Americans who can afford it were paying into DPC, that would loosen the medicaid load to those in dire need if it.
LAWYERS NOT PHYSICANS KNOW WHAT WE NEED...AND WILL MAKE SURE WE GET IT..IF YOU DO NOT LIKE IT THEY WILL FINE YOU TO COMPLY..SICK..
Stop restricting nurse practitioners and you will greatly improve access. #FullPracticeAuthority
Keep trying senator some of us are listening
Yes, go to the medical professionals to fix the system. Their ideas are valid.
Get this shit straitened out or you'll be gone with Mitch
Bunch of old white guys...try diversity America is more than white males
What?  ozone lu lu
Thanks for continuing the fight to simplify healthcare Senator Honored to finally meet you today! #DPC #realreform
Thank you for representing #DPC so well!
"locked and loaded"  freak'in kidding me! escalating situation with N. Korea and using it as a platform to play to his base. good god!!!
its time to do the job that all the leftist left behind for the last 50 years. It's time.
We need to encourage direct primary care and cash based practices while making the system (currently broken) work for them.
Thats a great concept. But what about pre existing or major illnesses and procedures? How can that work with it?
Washington can't do healthcare. local people know best
And we should build a national healthcare system on that model???? are u nuts or just stupid or both?
Keep missing these LIES ACA is the only option unless you give USA Universal Healthcare!
Did these physicians tell u how much they make a year? What they charge for a regular visit?Did u ask why r they paid 10x doctors in Germany
They're probably paid less than docs who take insurance. And they don't charge for a regular visit. They only do monthly memberships.
Doc, not sure where these doctors u r talking about are in US. Don't charge for a regular visit? Where I live fam practitioner charges $250!
Why are you talking to physicians? Talk to hospital admins.
really?  they don't have a care about you... like your doctor. The administrator is federal government. thanks Obama
Bull
What are you even doing anymore.
There's a difference between health care and health insurance. Cut out the interlopers in politics & bureaucracy. That's progress.
Cut out the profit making insurance companies and much more money will go toward healthcare.
I am always suspicious when an elected official can never get any other elected officials to agree with him
but they all should. And they are being pressured by big gov. socialist communists instead listing to the people.
That's nice, now talk to the people who still won't be able to afford it because they'd much rather have food and a roof over their head.
single payer system will put ALL of us in that situation.
POTUS & YOU write an E.O. allowing Ins. Co's to offer "ChoiceCare" = Ala Carte options Americans can pick their coverage from! PLEEEZE
Doctors can't provide a cheap heart attack operation, or hospital stay.  Who r u trying to lie to?
Catastrophic insurance could cover that. and its cheap. average doctors visits could be cash paid.
Not if they remove the essential health benefits; and go back to 80/20 plans, if they remove mandates too.  There will be no MOOP.
Remove CDC guidleines that require people to go to pain specialists to get pain medicine. It's massive bureaucratic overreach. GO RAND! 2020
Get government out of healthcare!!
Period.
We should be listening to people like rand Paul about healthcare. He has good ideas. Big Pharma and big insurance don't want it.
He wants to repeal with no replacement. ACA or not, you'll still be paying taxes for uninsured ER visits and other healthcare related debts.
Owenton has pop. of 1500, what about places where people actually live?
What's your idea?
Does that help with cost of lab work, Rx, therapies, hospitalization...?Community facilities in small towns can survive? Floyd & Boyd Co gal
This is such a good idea would bring back Dr -patient relationship also. But we need to be able to purchase catastrophic only insurance
#StandWithRand
How many ophthalmologists are offering direct care? 00000.
not true many do. Most doctors will work with patients on billing. some give free services. shop around.
Sir I have managed ophthalmic surgical practices for 30 yrs. We do give away lots of care but that is not the Direct Care that Dr Paul likes
You are correct but who bears the downstream cost? Direct care is a great option if there were a public option.
I see everyone get the memo: Everyone hit the field or the weed, according to the consciousness degree of the audience.
Not as cheap as you think, scans, tests and bloodwork are the expensive part of cash option, pass a simple 2 word law, "free bloodwork" 
Who would pay for "free blood work"?
Who needs health care with ww3 brewing?
been brewing... 50+ years
What was your healthcare plan.      Still waiting.     Umm still waiting
where 2 cop those shoes??
Direct primary care?  You pay your dr monthly?
Yes, my family of 3 pay $110/month.
Does that cover labs and other diagnostics?
Lab work once a year at annual physical is included. That is all we have used so far...
Interesting.  Thanks for sharing.
That's the way to @RandPaul then have catastrophic ins. Much more personal.  Insurance company's will never up for catastrophic care
After my ins was cancelled due to Ocare, I joined a Med Cost-Sharing Org (pay no fine 4 being uninsured now) & a DPC for care. $145 mo both
Thank you Aubryn. Just asked for information.
Fantastic idea!  I've heard about same program from a MD on the Sean Hannity show. I believe in KS, program sounds spot on!
You've been comprised by black panther/commie bail bill, how can we trust you 2fix commiecare? I'm done unless you wake up...admit u r wrong
Thank you for working so hard on this
Thanks Mr Paul for your efforts.
Yes, Repeal and Replace!  You can drive this effort Senator as our majority leader has failed to do so!

You'll still be paying taxes to cover the debts of uninsured people. Sorry to ruin your misanthropic narrative.
I love this concept!
Why don't they offer those low prices now?
Because they don't have to compete! The gov mandated we all buy insurance...
There are at best 2000 people in Owenton. Tell us how this works again. I can't. I won't. And you shouldn't.
I live in a lot bigger town, suburb of Charlotte, NC. DPC works just fine. My family of 3 pays $110/month.
- why do we pay $800 dollars for MRI and less than 3 miles away it's $375 ? No reason !
You seem to be the only one looking for great solutions!
Listen up, no one cares about your meetings and other wasteful activities, we want our nation fixed Constitutional like. Get it? Results!
it takes more than one person.
For what, the common cold & routine checkups? How about heart disease, cancer, mental illness, drug addiction? C'mon.
Yeah, its no wonder PRIMARY CARE DOCS like this, solves THEIR probs. Still need hospitalization, specialists.."major medical"
Everything up to and including minor surgery are covered by our DPC provider. Catastrophic ins with a cancer rider covers the rest...
Goody. A step towards cost control. Not sure how that supports taking away healthcare from millions.
Father rec'd MD from Cornell at age 22. Life long practice. Emphatically advised me not to be MD because of Socialized Medicine. Killing it.
... as low as $50 per month for unlimited office visits. Of course still need insurance for hospitals but with free market can improve this.
Are they not free to lower their prices now? Why do they have to wait?
They have no incentive to lower costs now. The gov has mandated we all buy insurance where prices are 5 to 10 times the cash price.
Bull I'm not buying it. The doctors say prices would go down, it's in their power to lower cash prices now
#Trump took away the penalty for not enrolling so you can't sell me on that load of BS
Thank heaven above we have you representing us & upholding our Constitution. Too bad you don't advise @realDonaldTrump regularly.
Keep up the great work @RandPaul the senate needs more leaders like you. #StandWithRand #RepealAndReplace
What is he leading?
The push for more affordable healthcare
Healthcare is already very affordable. It's health insurance that costs too much. Govt regulations/lack of competition makes it that way...
you nailed it. insurance companies  have been given a green light to gouge tax payers.
in 1980 before I had insurance the office visit was$20 Bloodwork $100. Surgery$500-2500. Insurance got in. Now it's a disaster
Repeal then Fix Obama-Care:
1) Tort Reform
2) Sales Across State Lines
3) No Forced Insurance
4) Gov. Oversight Only!
#4 no
Now do doctors who need ancillary assistance to provide medical care, e.g. surgeons and oncologists
REPEAL OBAMACARE
Did you really think you didn't pay taxes to cover the debts of uninsured people before #ACA?
you need to sponsor the #ReplaceAndRepeal bill yourself
No.  repeal only. replace with what? if its a states rights freedom based bill. then support it.
wow! thats several more than none at all!
If we are allowed, free of gov regulations/oppression, the free market will produce phenomenal h/c products, but we are not allowed, WHY?
Tyrannical Politians want power over the subjects. and cash in
@SenateMajLdr  is walking, talking proof of crooked lying rino politician against conservatives & constitution.
if congress were ants McConnel couldn't lead them to a sugar cube.
Senator, this is exactly what a single-payer system would look like. Flexible solo and small group practices unattached a large institutions
You can't have single payer without large institutions... Federal govt is the largest institution!
Why do Pharmaceutical Companies need $Millions of dollars for Life Saving Drugs???
Do some research. Do you know what it costs to bring a drug to market?
It shouldn't HAVE TO COST to DO THAT! It does....but it shouldn't HAVE TO! I know all about that.
What? Do you mean on a cash basis?
Direct Primary Care is a way to pay with cash for your healthcare. My family of 3 costs $110/month.
Get back to work.

#MyLyrics          PRT 
Can't beat the Canadian health-care plan.  It's universal and no out-of-pocket expense for anyone.  Ever!  Look north and learn.
Look at the north and learn how they deny care and how people regularly come to the states to get care denied in Canada.
Obviously you don't know what you're talking about. I am Canadian and have had 2 heart surgeries, cancer treatment and NO COST, NO WAIT !!
You're one of a handful of Senator's i trust
Hardest working Senator in Congress.
Why do Doctors need Mansions, Limo Service, Russian Caviar, and $Millions of dollars???
Because we are willing to pay whatever they as us to.
“What if Republicans had started with ‘how can we help people?’ instead of ‘how can we repeal our enemy’s legacy?’”
Umm no because if democrats were interested in helping people? They would have fixed the broken ones, not tampered with the current ones.
He became our enemy because they deliberately took good healthcare away from some people under failed logic "It's possible to have too much"
With money this logic works. Healthcare isn't money. 
Logical failure of personal envy.
Republicans had SEVEN YEARS to come up with a better plan and FAILED. They don't have a clue. #TRUTH
Rand Paul did come up with a better plan and he's a Libertarian.
He came up with a plan, it DEFINITELY wasn't better.
What do you suggest?
I'm betting its more failed communism. Lieberman killed O-care, now its an expensive commie corpse of a plan that cash vampires drool over.
