STOP being an #Obstructionist

U openly advertise that u are against;
#Healthcare
#Rupublican majority
#PresidentTrump

#MAGA or resign
You know what my family and millions of others suffered from? Poor GOP deregulation and economic policies that led to the 2008 market crash
IMO The crash of 2008 was a result of tech crash that went into a faux housing market that crashed due to sub prime loans.
Dems forcing banks to lend to low income Americans regardless of ability to repay. Started the ball rolling. @BarneyFrank. Thanks!
Trump was right.  NAFTA killed jobs big time.
Wrong. Your beloved Market killed more jobs. Innovation, productivity and stock prices have more to blame than NAFTA.
I disagree with you, 100%.
This is the field I worked in.  I saw it all.  Many factors involved.  Market, hardly.
I am third generation union trust me I saw it too. Corporations moved jobs they couldn't automate to countries with cheaper labor w/wo NAFTA
You want to really get America producing again? Stop buying from Walmart. Americans are addicted to cheap--that's your Market at work
When are you going to get health care done? Every day you keep Obamacare in place Americans suffer. GOP will pay the price!!!
power to the people, small business, mom&pops entrepreneurship !!!
Never would trust McConnell he is just like Hiltery in a lot ways. He needs to retire
Amen! Paul Ryan also. Let's get leadership that listens to the voters. Not just worried about reelection. Stand up! Lead! Voters will follow
Yes speak up American citizens
Idea 

Donations Congress Took F / Big Insurance & Big Pharmaceutical.

Use that To Make RISK POOL

Use For Citizens 
#FixIt
Hey Rand, you and Demorat Susan Collins are being lumped together. Nice company.
What "oppressive, big government burdens" are weighing down small communities?
Why can't GOP repeal OCare? 7yrs and nothing DO your job or loose it
It's Maddening 
Congress truly won't take away Bailouts for Insurance 
Many Members Are Paid To help Insur.Comp.
Idea 

Donations Congress Took
From Big Insurance & Big Pharmaceutical.

…
If you truly love our country and support the people, please vote yes on the health bill. Thank you.
Thank you
When Trump Says he got IOWA there Ethanol and gives ex IOWA GOV a Job , Looks pretty Shady , forces USA to Buy DC Swamp Gas with no choices

Stop being an obstructionist, trying to hamper everything our beloved President Trump is trying to do to continue making America Great again
#Shame #RepealAndReplace
Bill can be reconsiliation now & pass, then fix it later. You can't fix it all in one time.  Dont' be obstructionist. We are watching YOU!
Bad move all communities should be free from gov regulations, this just another economic redistribution game under cover
Do your job and get healthcare done. Stop grandstanding or you will be responsible for Repub losing power! Sick of this!!!!
Please look into this
The Haitian government is flying flags at half mast in his honor. He was set to testify against the Clinton Foundation on Tuesday. Bizarre. https://twitter.com/Cernovich/status/885975615995867136 …
Republicans need to vote amongst eachother and the majority who vote for whatever reform of Obama care should allow it in good faith
Get off your High Horse Rand Paul and help the American People, by voting for Health Care...
How can they be bankrupt?
#JoinUs #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #PassTheBill #BetterCare #The #AmericanHealthCareAct let's teach you how to start #winning
What's a load of crap that statement is
#StandWithRand
Unless u believe a more conservative HC law can realistically be passed, failure to support current bill will lead to socialized medicine
why not make America an economic freedom zone or is that too much to ask?
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr Thank you so much SenPaul for standing against this insurance bailout healthcare bill.Lets just do a clean repeal
"We the people" all 70 million of us are praying you won't let us down. Get in a room and iron down  "trump care" once and for all. Please!!
You'll forever be known as the man who
Went against his own party to make sure Obamacare stays as we all watch it fail and fail,wise up!!!!!
The president is counting on you to add what ever u need to add to the repeal and replacement of o care but you need to get it done dnt fail
You and all repubs should be working 24 hours a day until this bill is passed . Don't just do interviews all day. Work and get this done .
Nah not that.  It's Reagan's trickle up policies.
Mitch&Paul failed economic policies?  Unemployment under 5%  economy growth happening?  Oh I know Mitch your wife was on ENRON's board.
You better get on the Trump train or start looking for another job soon
If you Republicans cannot get this done you will be without a job the next time you come up!
So basically poor people in mining communities have to put up with pollution and workplace accidents?

@RandPaul stop playing politics and get this bill passed it might not be perfect but no bill is perfect. Make the changes later.
Reagan said if you agree with me 80% I can work with you. Compromise! It shouldn't be all or nothing. Americans are getting impatient. 2018?
Be a Team player Rand. It's not just about you.
Den Paul I'm from Ky and I agree with you but please don't be one of the senators to kill some bill
GET IT DONE 
Can it look like this?
If you do not nock this crap off you will be responsible for single payer health care.
Luke, that's what most of the Senate wants
Rand,  don't know if you will read this, but if you don't help pass something better than Obama care you will destroy your party. For sure
Hey Rand you know what's really burdensome? Another recession/crash brought on by historically FAILED GOP fiscal policies #LaissezFaireSucks
Foolishness.
I am orginally from Kentucky and I don't trust McConnell or his wife at asked people from Kentucky about blood hounds McConnell is justajerk
YOU REPUBLICANS ARE LETTING AMERICA DOWN! YOU WANT TO GO AGAINST THE 63 MILLION THAT VOTED FOR POTUS, BE PREPARED TO LOSS MANY ELECTIONS
If you really care about fixing anything youd want term limits because the only thing any politicians care about is getting real elected
Hey Rand I've got a Bill for you: "Come Speak to Your Constituents Not Your Donors Act" #barkkochboysbark #bananarepublicans #Kleptocracy
Why don't both of you do the American People a solid and pull Comrade Kushner's security clearance, look into Trumps emolument abuses?
You both care more about your Corporate Overlords than average Americans. Supply Side economics is a failed fiscal policy #barkkochboysbark
Freedom to breath would be better.  You are going too far.  Clean up graft and you will have money for universal health care.
Not sure about that!! At this point, all I see is lies and more lies!! Especially, if it comes from McConnell who hates American people.
This is a sad bill.  You are saying that these businesses can cause our water sources to be more polluted.  You give the greedy more money.
If you got rid of Obama care you would really be accomplishing something But your busy on the moral high ground Can you say Term limits
So you're going to stop picking winners and losers by... picking winners and losers based on geography? My gawd man.
Or just lower taxes and repeal regulations across the board.
you sir are a bigger joke than maxine waters
we need your vote Rand
Stop allowing foreigner temp worker visas that do not pay into SS or medicaid! That is why they are failing! Make biz pay 10k per yr to each
For each foreign worker they hire over 30,000.Under 30k make them pay 5k per person per year! Will help shore up what should have been there
Yo @RandPaul  make sure that individual mandate gets taken out of Obama/Ryancare. It's bs.
You can't Take  something away from We The people we poor and middle class need help
The entire US should be legally designated a Special Economic Zone. If it's good for small areas, bigger would be better.
Why R you going to allow Obamacare to stand? Quit being such an obstacle and learn to negotiate. Your "my way or the hwy" is taking us down.
So in real life terms, what does this mean? Polluting, Not providing health insurance, reduced hours. Seriously, someone please explain? Ty
Whatever you do do something or you won't be there next year you will be replaced
Well you need to recruit some more no votes
Stay strong!... With you on your stance health bill
Mabe we need ISIS 
Ah, so I see you are going to be picking winners and losers?! I guess it's only bad when the other side does it.
That's not at all what it means.
Ok so what does it mean
Don't cave, no Obamacare taxes regulations or subsidies stop The American giveaway!
'economic freedom' is not freedom
Please continue to fight to repeal Obamacare and don't replace it!!
