Correct
Wasn't the purpose always the opium and the natural gas ?
Paul how can you say something that silly
No original ideas other than stating obvious after the fact. Want to impress the American people? Give us health care, tax cuts with reform.
Nationally, we need to start a campaign on #morality and #ethics
Afghanistan can be won,do not allow Russia,China etc. to supply arms to them that kill Americans. Vietnam(China,Russia supplied,50k died
Ask the Russians about Afghanistsan.
RT @RandPaul WE voted #TRUMP in as OUR President. Not Ivanka, Not Jared. Not Soros. #ArrestSoros #FireCohn #FireMcMaster #FireJared . #USA
Wish the @GOP would their act together and support President. Don't like war either BUT believe @POTUS is best chance for ending it.
The self governing Taliban are very resilient. There's 1000's of years of combat history. The west bit off more than it can chew.
Time to cooperate!
Tldr
Who cares about YOUR full statement
the purpose is to make money for Erik Prince, and by extension, for Donald Trump.
You have helped lose our mission ASSHAT!!!....
Can you ever fall in line?...the nut does not fall far from the tree.
Contrarian impulse
We all know if Trump wanted to do something you would find a lot of fault with it you have really turned out to be a big disappointment
a patriot thinks for himself- backing whatever #Trump tweets is twaddle.
Not really. Real purpose economic interests of oligarchs
All I can say is we finally have a president who's listening to the people who know what they're doing the generals and others
True
Has Trump read it?  Doubt it.  Maybe you can sneak it in on the teleprompter at his next rally
It is still fulfilling its purpose. It is making the military industrial complex very rich.

Global Tyranny 4 US All
Were YOU in the meetings with 4 star generals?! No! It's easy to judge when you're not directly involved. Time for you to switch parties
Why don't u senators DO anything, not just issue statements?
@RandPaul your position. Is old and out of date.  General Paul please step down and once and for all support our President r
Out of date is the same continued policy that has brought about more terroists, trillions dollars of debt, weapons wasted and stolen.+ PTSD.
So have you
An AUMF against ISIS would be rubber stamped and open ended just like the prior ones against the boogeyman. None threaten National Security.
So how do we extract ourselves and not create another Iraq.  I agree we shouldn't be there, but how to we wind it down correctly?
Don't want to. Just more half crazed dribble from a nutbar senator.
... who says what's the 'purpose'? ... "... a plan reduced to as many heads as there are in a mob loses ..." ... you a troll Rand? ...
Senator Paul, It is high timeyou and the GOP het on board with the President and quit screwing your constituents!
Sen Paul is correct in calling for Congress to obey the #Constitution: #Congress to #DeclareWar. #ISIS doesnt threaten the US.
You are a worse "General" than Obama was.Trump has listened and agrees with sound military advice. I agree with Senator Graham and the POTUS
What has Senator Graham been right about? Iraq? nope. Libya? nope. Syria? nope. disaster after disaster. All the necons are in unison.
it's purpose has been and still is the same... protect the poppy fields so the CIA can sell it in US to pay for more covert wars.
The party of ONE!
Please dont fight the president on this issue.  ISIS is global. The fight needs to be on their turf to tear out the root of the problem.
Unlike past so called presidents, @realDonaldTrump knows we can't just pull out and et another isis form there. You should know that to!
That's why you'll never be president
Youre fine letting ISIS grow&end up on our shores.
I'll stick with @potus while you stick head in sand
It hasn't really if we just tell the truth. CNN didn't 'find' him in a cave in Afghanistan. It was a lie then & so it's still for resources
Senator, Support our POTUS! We the people need this president & God placed him in office to lead our nation back to GOD!
Most Americans figured out they were crooks almost right away. The mission should have ended with bin Ladans demise
Your full statement....no thanks
Ryan, you are not worth listening to anymore, you are a wishywashy oxymoron and took a nice bribe to stop Trump, & you support Hillary
Agreed
what's your opinion of why @realDonaldTrump has gone along with the Military Industrial Complex?
Yes, after 8 years of Obama, everything had lost purpose because we had no leadership, wisdom, or truth to follow. That has changed now!
https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/899117151809884160 …
Why are you so against our @POTUS Senator Paul? Hope you are up for election in 2018 b/c you need to be repealed & replaced!
Did it ever have a purpose? Oh yeah, the phony 9/11 narrative and all that. Why not just come clean? Don't they ever get sick of lying?
Why don't you just switch to the Democratic Party & call it a day? You go against EVERYTHING our ELECTED Pres does, just be a snowflake
The "rock and a hard place" that Prez Trump is facing, is partially you doing, as well. A little adaptive intelligence needed now.
Thank you sir for being the voice of reason!
The mission in Afghanistan is to make money thru ill-gotten natural resources. It's no secret. Trump has flipped. As a supporter it's sad.
Retire! You've lost your mind.
Because @BarackObama  pulled us out before the mission was complete and Gave us unfavorable ROE.
Nation building is the only way to extract every drop of oil until we are the only place on this planet. Then take the world. Check mate.
your dad today said the United States created AQ & is responsible for 9-11. maybe you should make a statement on that
Hey Senator pass a health bill, Kentucky Sen's screw Americans on health care.
You sir are an obstructionist! Don't act like you are doing a service, you simply want attention! Stop obstructing!
Here you go again grandstanding
Europeans are no different than Obama's and look what the mistake he made with Iraq and then now you want to do the same with Afghanistan.
You do not learn. Obama was arrogant to believe the US plans broadcasted would "scare" others. U don't value the experts around u either.

Stay out of it! U fight  @POTUS on this, u put R troops in danger, there will be a wave of voters making sure u hurt no 1 ever again #VOTE
Please support our president.
I agree with you.  Please push for the vote on Afghanistan
Disagree. Don't let troops sacrifices be in vain. Must see through to victory. No more Obama's Iraq, can not cut and run. Overwhelming force
Oh your exhausting yiur not the president.  Support him or go home for good.
You are wrong OUR PRESIDENT was absolutely correct. How dare you go against him. I'm a VET unlike you. I stand with our PRESIDENT PERIOD
No! Would be irresponsible to stop strategy in progress in an ongoing war. Congress screwed US of the 5 Trillion ALREADY. Now trust experts!
You need to have the President's back. When you go against him you are no better than a democrat.  I use to like you don't know now
#GeneralRandPaul. This time you are wrong! #NoRetreat #NoIraqAgain #noMoreretreat
i think recently congress has proven how ineffective and unprepared they are. let generals decide what's needed on the battlefield.
Not with you on this one, Rand. We've got to finish this once and for all. Trump is right!
apparently the purpose now is to win, stabilize, rebuild & prevent void that could b filled by ISIS. With Participation by allies
How u say it world would be so peaceful but crossing ur arms and looking away the probably wot disappeared! 'Evidence' Obama!
It's time for you to step down
Disagree with you completely. Would love for it to be over but we have to stop them now.  Not create another Iraq
You need to listen to your generals - you are wrong on this

you should be ashamed of urself. I've been a supporter but this a lie. Mission hasn't lost purpose. Tell that to a wounded soldier
your header is misleading, you don't like it because you didn't get a chance to say yes or nay . That sounds not losing purpose..
you are not in a position to  know. I'm betting this is about u running in 2020. If it is then ur as corrupt as the rest of them!
Shut up and try to get some work done, we have had it with you!
Excuse me. POTUS is speaking. Not the time right now. Maybe later. Geez!!
Wtf r we still there?  For what.  The swamp always seems to win.
Right on !
we dont need any more troops on the ground allow building Stratosphere Station its like 6 B-52 bombers sitting right overhead w/monitoring
*Yawn
And you know this how? So with the rise and terrorism, you think we should just pull out? You don't have a plan, just a "no". Pathetic.
Pull the troops out and build the wall around it.
All the generals are in agreement and giving the president recommendations, better be sure when you weigh in ....Ky watching, all watching u
There was never a valid purpose anyhow. We have seen how administrations can UNDO everything (Iraq). History proves Afghan. is a lose/lose
F...Afghanistan, their goats, and thier opium. Let @KSA fight in there. We have already done our part. No mo' industrial-military complex $$
Just like you!
Sen. Paul. Why are we permanently there? Ridiculous. Either win or leave.
#StandWithRand
The Congress that can't decide anything! Let's not go there Senator Paul! Might lengthen the war!
Have you ever sat down with Sec. Mattis?
Just do your damn job!
Unless Afghan has useful products like the poppy fields to fund warfare, or a pipeline, or rare minerals
Not with douchebag in the White House.  He's gonna pander.  He's great at war.
There's a reason it's called a war machine; it keeps churning bodies, without finishing the cycle. End it; let this be your legacy.
RandPaul you need to leave this to the people who over see these matters
Opium production there has skyrocketed. At least Taliban snuffed that out when it was in power.   Directly feeds opioid crisis in US.
No shit Sherlock.  But the money is too big to turn back.  Cronies run the show.
If Congress refused to declare war on Afghanistan, how can 16yr-war be legitimate.  Einstein called 'repeating failures endlessly' -INSANITY
We should get out of there! Those people do not want us there except our money & weapons!
Up staging @realDonaldTrump?
Your resume with other politicians is the Natl Debt. And Trump, who is not a politician..is there to clean it up. Get a real job!
You, Like Cruz,  are a joke. Both still running for Pres and to hell with your voters. Jump on Trumps train b4 it runs over you.
Constitution doesn't address "Use of Military Force (AUMFs)"
It speaks to 'Declarations of War' by US Congress.
Repeat AUMFs r illegitimate
I should have voted for Rand.
I don't agree Senator.
As if it ever had it.
Right on, Senator Paul!
You can have your opinion but you are not in charge President Trump along with a very competent group will solve another disaster
NO MORE SENSELESS KILLING OF OUR KIDS IN THE MILITARY...
There is absolutely no strategic or security reason for usa to be in afghanistan
We have to be true in the purpose, it presents options & capabilities that , ,  must plan & assign forces to
you start out saying no more troops for afghanistan but then at end say congress should pass new auth.
Agree I think we should pull out and let them fight for themselves.  We need our men at home .
This guy hasn't a clue.
Middling intelligence.
Tired ideas.
Oh. And he's a total sell-out.
Let's see... oh yeah, you don't support our president's agenda. We don't support you. Congress can rot.
Gave up caring what you thought when it was apparent you only support POTUS when its something you want. Otherwise you do this crap. Shame.
What about all the terror groups there that need to be eradicated? Islamic terrorism is a cancer. Must be defeated
I'm really getting sick of your BS Rand. You're not POTUS but just like Obamacare Repeal you'll want to have your Conservative Purist way.
So has raising the debt ceiling
is a rare sane voice among lunatic Globalists from both political parties.
Your statement don't help the country. I think you just like to hear yourself talk
God bless our soldiers

What if Trump defines the objective of the war and lays out a specific & achievable plan?
Yeah...lets just keep telling the enemy what where when and how.  All because you dont trust our military to do the job.
There will never be a unified central government. Keeping US troops only delays the collapse of the Kabul government. #BringUStroopsHome
True because the US continues to fund Pakistani terrorism
Thanks Harry for pointing this out. Pakistan is not the only country US$ fund terrorism. Trump needs to cut foreign aid by at least half.
@RandPaul Sorry,  you never served! Nation Building didn't work. Walk softly, carry a Big Hammer and Break Sh*t! & Paki needs to also! #MAGA
The mission is to waste trillions and flood America with Afghani heroine.
Crazies aka #AlQaeda #ISIS training & plotting in #Afghanistan fall under "in order to prevent any future acts of international terrorism".
It's right in purpose/mission making callous inhumane bigoted misanthropic welfare warmongers richer on the backs of struggling taxpayers
Jackie you must be a snow flake. Just shut your mouth .you Democrats have hurt America very much .
Again its all about @RandPaul Your entire objective is to thwart everything so RAND can stand out rather than join @POTUS & Rep party. #MAGA
POTUS will send more troops as a distraction.
Write Full Statement: Why Congress has become so irrelevant in legislation! Maybe it would be worth reading! Repeal, Replace, Reform, Infra
Ya think after 16 yrs??
18 years way too long 2000 troops lost 
all in or time to come home Not sure who sent the first troops sad trump said he inherited a messy
Sending more troops to Afghanistan is what we voted for. @realDonaldTrump please read ur old tweets.
How?Pak has nukes.Isis a free drug ridden home. Their soldiers aren't like http://ours.How ? What's your plan, we know you have one.
@RandPaul I agree totally with You ♰
It never had a purpose, aside from lining the MIC pockets (McCain).
We're long overdue, pull the troops out of Afghanistan. Increasing the number of troops as stupid as us getting into that war in 1st place.
The only politicians who are backing the Afghanistan, are the one who are certainly under the control of the military industrial complex.
Don't forget about the alien invaders as well. Especially after the eclipse. LOL
Don't see your point, you are not reflecting your education.
LOL
Excuse me but I don't remember the GOP trying to create a new AUMF?  u forgot how the GOP lacked Courage for YEARS?-
Oh stop! The Senate hasn't done a thing about Afghanistan.
But it's only purpose was to (1) make bush feel good (2) justify state surveillance and drive a republican agenda.
We're getting screwed. Time to pull out.
Yeah i dont think so, would you rather fight them there or here.  One or the other will happen. Lets just finally end this thing.
I don't speculate about fake news narratives. Sorry.
Another RINO on the take from Demosnowflake $. Vote them out or step down.
I don't disagree with Rand Paul, but how do we withdrawal without leaving it for ISIS to take over like they did when we withdrew from Iraq?
We created ISIS. If we really wanted to destroy them, we'd done it long ago. That's not our agenda. Control another countries resources.
Americans have no interest in Afghanistan.
it's a proxy war that we don't need. we have nothing to prove,and we are just losing money.

Rand, as much as your opinion on Afghanistan may capture some minds, the Mental Stability of POTUS needs Evaluation before policy advances
Must be money in it for Congress or we wouldn't be their.
I know many many people so sick & tired of this garbage! Of course you oppose @POTUS!
Are you going to stand up for @potus against rampant calumny, Counterfeit News Network et al. calling him racist, kkk-sympathizer?
It wasn't the time or place for Trump to argue nonsense. Imagine that being your sister run down?
I agree. Nothing he said was nonsense.
How about the mission in washington? ?
Congress has forgotten it's mission to serve the people not rule them yes both parties
Talk about a obstructionist. Doesn't matter what Trump tries to do Paul is the 1st one against it. Why? Why can't the rep. Work together?
Cuz he's an obstructionist. Say red he says blue say up he says down.
When their goal is more imporant than Country&Peoples Safety&needs
Congress is a mess , they afe not competent enough to make decisions
RAND PAUL...TRUMP WILL BE MAD AT YOU for disagreeing with him....you are going to Trump's woodshed
You ran for office. What is your solution for Afghanistan and its current situation? Help the people decide what is best by giving options.
agree 100%
SIr I think your incorrect, the mission got off track when it moved to Nation Building.  We should have persued and destroyed the Enemy RLTW
you are generous by saying mission in Afghanistan, me I call it business in Afghanistan at the expense of the tax payers. legalized abuse.
I understand what you're conveying, sir. But if we leave the country will become a terrorist haven-4000 troops is not enough-go big & end it
So nuke it.
Why can't u just support POTUS? Repubs. r the only party that devour own kind. No matter what POTUS decides the "Swamp Dwellers" r against!
You r right on.  I'm sick of these idiots. Why is it every time the prez comes out with a plan rand Paul puts out his shit.
The want to b relevant and maintain the status quo!
Russia War on our Belived Democracy requires a War Plan more so than Afghanistan Congress!
But then Trump couldn't make more money by ending the war.  More boots on the ground = more $ for his cronies.
Less dollars for cronies. Democrats have been pocketing the big bucks. Remember this shit all started with Bush telling a big lie. A
Rand Paul you lost your purpose !
What? To always antagonize the President? Never be on the same page? Slow down legislation in the Senate?
Agreed we have about 7 Dems.
But to me nothing is ever good enough for Rand anymore..just encouraging the Divide in the party.
@POTUSCommander-In-Chief. The president is in charge of the U.S. Armed Forces: the Army, Navy, Air Force, Coast Guard, and Marine Corps.
The president decides where troops shall be stationed, where ships shall be sent, and how weapons shall be used.
All military generals and admirals take their orders from the president. #MAGA
I agree. #FireMcMaster
