@humpmasterj1234 why tf would he go on that partisan hack's show lmao
To brag 
THANK YOU Rand!!! We appreciate your work on Healthcare!!
  #MAGA
Rich win. Poor lose.

So SenPaul & @POTUS accomplish more 2save us from ObamaCare catastrophe in 1 day than losers Mitch&Paul do in 7 yrs.#Lesson #maga #teaparty
I thought EOs for HC were illegal or at the very least an overreach of powers - oh wait that's when a d was pres. hypocrisy at its finest
They did not create a new program. Freedom of assemply - 1st amendment.  Assemply = creating group insurance. Now group insurance can happen
How do you count it a win? You passed NO legislation!
It's not a big win...there is a special place in hell for you!
I dare you to talk to @AliVelshi or @maddow TOO CHICKEN SHIT LIKE @realdonaldtrump?
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul #Trump & #Paul plan screws over all people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Americans #ACA #Healthcare #AHCA
Addendum to the Executive Order is problematic.  It will raise rates across the board and increase HC costs. You and I need to talk please
Huge win!!! Great job Rand. Thanks for standing with Trump for the American people.
Rand Paul, so glad that U R working w/president. Don't agree w/all Ur ideas but with compromise, some good outcomes.
Rand Paul if you end up in Sean hannity it's not flattering at all and it shows you are on your knees, which sign death of political life.
If standing up to the tyranical establisment is bad, what kind of person are you ?
where do you see support for tyranny? ? 
who is the tyrannical establishment? you know words carry meanings,so be more explicit.
@RandPaul Way to Go! MAGA!!!
Good job, Senator. Be careful. Insurance Industry does NOT control the cost of Healthcare. Enabling Associations avoids high price ind. ins.
You’re a Doctor and you’re proud of undermining people’s healthcare?  Did you miss the maxim?  “First of all, do no harm.”
Most of the people who benefit from this now will go on to have chronic illness and unaffordable insurance when that happens.
Big win?  Nobody supports it.  Have you become as insane as Trump?  Apparently so.

U jerk!! U work for the citizens of Ky and we wanted the ACA.  U r only out for yourself and ur donors to continually line ur own pockets and interest.
I remember when some of the GOP had you locked out of the room when talking about Healthcare reform I was ticked Now this is beautiful Karma
Good point.  I bet they are fuming!  Haha!!!
HaHa Bet they are !And I bet Rand is beaming .  Glad Trump listened to him
I thought EO's were evil and not a big win.  Weird.
No new program created.  EO legitimate in this case.

Two asses for the price of one... gross
Racist, Sean Hannity, WHAT A JOKE
What about the individual mandate penalty!?!

 you comrade
Try real news outlets to praise your poor plan, not FAKE Fox, Miss Trump's bestie  friends own that network - did you know that???
an EO... is this the same Rand who has bashed them his entire career? sure is.
Didn't create a new program.  Big difference.
Thank You Rand Paul!
How deep was your hand up Trumps ass today?
A big win would have been to get rid of oboma care.
It was an EO you pathetic rat. There was no "win" . You threw your constituents under the bus.
Paul’s workin’ on his pucker!
Geez, are you kidding me? Sean Hannity is a true alt right proponent. Is that the only gig the Republicans can get, besides Fox news? 
Remember when you criticized Obama for using EOs?  What happened to your spine?  I'm guessing Trump has it on a shelf next to your testicles
Thanks for standing your ground. We want a full repeal. Get the gov't out of our healthcare.
We are f*cked. Thanks Dude.
This makes you a hypocrite, you complain about the unconstitutionality of executive orders under Obama, now something you like and it's okay
Hahahahaha a joke
please reverse tax mandates and send out refunds!
After listening to your comments this morning at the WH, I recommend that you and Ted Cruz are the only two GOP Senators 2 keep. Primary50.
Thanks for your help Rand Paul to get our country back on track!  Stay strong and keep fighting like hell!!!
A win for you?
Hannity makes me want to PUKE.Seeing you clapping over DT's shoulder&taking his pen,also makes me want to PUKE#Resist
Thank you for looking out for us!
Healthcare is not a commodity and medical practitioners treat patients and not customers. #ACA
I do hope Mr.  Rand that it's going to be a good health care bill because I'm tired of going without seeing my doctor because of Obama
Christ! Will you & the Senate get on the ball!! Jeez! Hundreds of bills!?! Smug attitude wearing thin on american public. Do your jobs!!!
Now that a guy you should be opening up to not fake news network.
RT The new White-Collar criminals of this era are the CEOs of the big Healthcare Insurance Cos. Lying CEOs. #FullRepeal #ACA #Congress @GOP

Great job Rand, keep up the good work !
An executive order is a big win?
Making up acronyms to hide a death spiral to the bottom. Lowest regulation states will allow insurers to go back to old tricks.
But... it doesn't *do* anything.
Your hard work is appreciated Senator!
Why do you guys keep going on hannity show..?  Do you like listening to someone kiss your ass for an hour, cause that's about all he's got
Thank you senator Paul getting a big ball rolling and keep it up until the ACA is totally repealed removed reversed illegal tax law
@GOP better hope the result don't show before Nov 2018. GOP base gets hit especially hard by this maneuver. Also, kiss female voters bye.
Used to respect you.  Now you're just another Trump toadie
@SaraCarterDC Nation COMMENDS Sen. Paul's CLOSING RANKS w/ our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump's agenda 4 LOVE of country!
Lucho, LtnJzz Voc.&Comp.
But that's not a real interviewer.  #fakenewsfox #fakenewshannity
Will you be discussing your malleable principals depending on scenario and who occupies the White House?
You own it now, buddy. #Obamacare is over. It's #RandCare or #TrumpCare or #MoronCare. All yours, bird's nest.
Enjoy your last term!  Millions will suffer & die
Ask him if he knows what retreat is and what to do when it’s played. @POTUS and @seanhannity sitting, disgraceful.
AHP’s need to include independent contractors.
Expand on this please.
It doesn’t apply to associations whose members are self-employed or independent contractors. It only apply to employees of AHPs.
Thanks for clarification.

We should thank our President!! Our do nothing worthless congress did nothing!!
I like you, Rand, but not enough to endure Sean. Have fun.
Tough gig! You're looking 4 love in all the wrong places.  You guys can do some back slapping on how 2 provide cheap ineffective healthcare
Two catholic men leaving the. Poor and needy behind.  Is this what Christ asked us to do?
U didn't win. No one wants this. You screwed over the people. Thanks
Entire @GOP'll be held responsible for screwing over the people (& PR, bad tax plan if passed, effects of rolling back regs, & being pro-RU)
Wow. The Republican Party has both houses & the presidency, yet celebrate the type of governance the demonized Obama for. Hypocracy much?
bleh
Why do you people hate Americans so much?
Thanks Senator for sticking to your guns while helping our @POTUS to #MAGA while the rest of Washington thinks of themselves 
I will be listening.. Yess indeed..
Thank You For Your hard work sir!
But what about the law? When will we repeal the law? @POTUS action today just increased duration short term policies from 90 days to 1 year.
A big win?  It means ins. comp can offer packages that cover nothing.  Cost is low unless a person actually needs ins. then they're fucked.
hahaha 
FACT is w AHP's u get lousy coverage on cheap short term plans that are not regulated. Good luck!
FUCKING LIAR! UR justification 4 sabotaging ACA is BS!All this accomplishes is green lighting the KKKON world 2 prey on Americans some more!
You have lied to your constituents on HC & time will expose it.
The Devil.
I see you finely bent-over for #realdonaldtrump! #Kentucky is VERY Disappointed in #RandPaul!!
Thank you Sen. Paul. Great to see 2 true patriots working togethet.
So you're going to Lie on that softball show about companies vs associations...how's your govt insurance? God will be your Judge. #WWJD
It's yours now, You claim this health care insurance is the answer; that it's good. You own it now. When people suffer, you own that, too.
How about discussing the 25th amendment or impeachment before the sociopath in the White House kills us all! Do something or lose my vote!
One lies the other one swears to it, PLEASE hold your breath I'll tune in
Aww, are you going to pretend to be a human on the radio box? That's cute.
Kentuckians take notice your Senator was just bought.
No Rand Paul was not bought as this something health insurence companies not like Senator Rand paul his help undo damge done by bought dems.
Oh my God sir please do some research, PPL are now going to pay for insurance that don't cover ANYTHING healthy ppl not mand prem Up
You should go to @JoeTalkShow next. Great show!
I hope your optometry practice is still viable , “Doctor”. Your gonna need a fallback when you get voted out of office. EVIL.
Can u tell u really pissed me off today, voting no to pull this shit, u should have your license pulled u took an oath Do no harm.
This is not a “big win” for the poor, the sick, or the middle class. You’re EVIL.  You’re as big a monster as that orange shitgibbon
Your health care plan a disaster for many people. Higher premiums for pre existing? Life time cap? Useless policies? Steps backward. Why!!!!
Stop sabotaging Mr Trump agenda. Please support Tax Cuts and Reform or change to the Socialist Party
Good job Senator.  Thankyou
The only Solace we can take from this is that it's only an executive order and when he's gone so is that!
It will not be remove as America will ike by that point any anti american anti business anti constitution control freak dem get take book

Why don't you have the balls to go on a reputable show to sell this BS, (mpr) I'm sure they're not fake right? Call yourself a Doctor
Thank you so much!
You abandoned Americans with pre-existing conditions and we will vote you out. #shameonyou
Find smarter advisors. Multi-State Assn. plans have been possible for years. Quality carriers won't touch them.Only risky self-funded scams.
Will be tuning in to hear you. Hannity show is great!
FAKE NEWS!
All The Mega Corps and Fed Gov must subsidize employee ins premiums because they can't get fair price. How are Assoc going to do better
Thought you were a constitutional conservative and supported state autonomy? Hypocrite
Losers favourite hangout.
Can you please tell us, how much ends up in your pocket with your stock purchases due to this new executive order?
It is not a win when you just shift the costs to cancer patients and the elderly.  What is wrong with you.
That not what does and other people should not have to pay for problem weather like or not you should buy insurence before sick and
Those with Cancer who did buy insurance through the exchanges b4 they were sick, their rates will go up bc ppl will leave for bare bones.
I hope Sean sticks it to you on the healthcare issue. No such thing as a perfect bill. Remember Reagan 'getting 80% of what u want is a win'
Wrong hopeful sean thank for doing right thing and help america with EO while block #fakerepel the congress senators who vote against
So now we know why you held out on the no vote how much are you making on this deal?
You are referring to John McCain..
Another Hannity ass licker
yes... BRING BACK THE JUNK PLANS... can't wait.. just like before #Obamacare.
It's only a political victory if it stands up in court. But it's no victory at all 2 increasing numbers who will be shut out of health care.
Wrong it political victory will increase coverage only the radical democrat party and the radical left wing base destroy democrat party
I'll read it. Or sean airs it tonight.  Rand is correct though.  Keep Ryan away from this.
Don't forget to tell everyone how you supported sabotaging the health care market and hurting sick and disabled kids like mine. Disgraceful.
No he help the 28 million american hurt by you and your fellow anti american anti business anti constitution control freak traitor democrats
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul More Req. changes: 1) Shut down #Congress-Big Health Insur Cos Cartel, 2) NO GOVT Exemptions/Exceptions. #USA
Your face today when Trump entered the room will amuse me for life.
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU are failing #Americans b/c YOU won't FIX real PROBLEM: Criminal Cartel between #Congress & Big Healthcare Insur. Cos
Actually executive order does fix unlike #fakerepeal that congress was pushing this take power out of the insurence companies hands and put
Big win??? lol
I'm sure you don't need to be told that you are ruining our country and you're doing all this for your tax cuts 
SHAME ON YOU!!!
Your big win hurts Americans. You must be so proud.
No big win is actually going to lower cost and help Americans hurt by radical democrat party who been high jacked by the radical left.
2024 Rand Paul for President!
Why wait?
It's not a WIN, when there was no vote...
Win? You couldn't pass healthcare so you force some weak EO through.
He's right up your alley. A partisan hack.
Can't wait to hear the details. Thanks!
There are no details. You can buy plans that cover almost nothing across state lines.
Your Dad had principles. You are a strange mixture of opportunism and cowardice. A poor man's Ted Cruz. #DonTheCon

Sell out!
Thank you!! Tax cuts now 
With cross border plans can you find a way to protect citizens with preexisting conditions?  If not there will be unprecedented rate hikes!
Group insurance includes preexisting conditions!
For now yes until ObamaCare is repealed. Love the idea of cross border ins. But see where critics can be weary of the EO today.
It is like health insurance through a big company like Toyota etc.  They do not deny anyone based on preexisting conditions.
Funny, but you looked ready to vomit at the pressure today. You are no poker player- you hate 45 as much as the rest of us. Sellout!
Why stoop so low and do an interview with a liar and Trump mouthpiece? I may not agree w/ your politics, but Hannity is beneath you, Sir.
Big win?  Ha. You have legitimately passed anything. Nothing.
Great work today @RandPaul in finally getting insurance companies competitive with @realDonaldTrump! You + @tedcruz only senators I respect!
This was specifically lobbied against by the health insurance companies for years. AHPs give everyone a shot at group discounts
Two spineless liars. Dark comedy at best.
Their not two spineless liars but two smarter save this country from anti american anti business anti constitution control freak democrats
Hahahahaha. Your assumption is hilarious. #MostHated
Why didn't you shake @realDonaldTrump's tiny hands?
Couldn't find them.

RT Buying across State lines is big only if Federal/State laws are changed to prohibit discrimination of people with preexisting conditions.
"discrimination"...u mean paying more if sick and/or not healthy? Rather than healthy footing their bill
Please continue to work with @POTUS .  Good progress today.
I assume you have nice coverage. But for those of who will leverage their homes for cancer treatment, it's not progress.  Good day.
And he walked out without even signing it.
Sean Hannity is a detriment to our country.
Yes he is. America would immediately be a better place if Fox News & Sean Hannity stopped broadcasting today. His entire show is 90% false.
Things that make you go hmmmm?
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul This E.O. & Rand Paul's stupid plan does absolutely nothing to fix the real problems with #Healthcare. #ACA
This will lower premiums for millions of individuals and small businesses by allowing them to join/form AHPs.
Well I just lost what little bit of respect I had for you Senator Paul. As Kentuckians we had so much hope for you and you have let us down.
Sold out hope he loses his seat
Big win... For people who won't ever need healthcare. Big loss for everyone else.

it was so awkward
Watch Rand Paul as President Trump enters the room. 
Why stoop so low and do an interview with a liar and Trump mouthpiece? I may not agree w/ Paul's politics, but Hannity is beneath him.
Thank you Senator Paul for working on this effort with POTUS.


