Have you ever been to church? Have you heard of Jesus? Do you think he'd approve? Wonder what he'll say when you get to the Pearly Gates?
You must be a leftist. Only a leftist would use religion to further an agenda such as gov healthcare. Go back and read about the Samaritan.
That's so funny. The left is trying to sep church & state. But if caring for others is leftist, so be it.
Does being a Republican mean just to hell with everybody except the rich? What happened to this party?
Strange that most policies enacted for the rich were by democrats. Many of the bills to help people are brought by Republicans. Historical
Examples? Top 3?
How can you do this to your constituents? Have you met with them? Did they tell you they wanted this? If the polls are correct, then no.
They didn't want ACA either. But it was forced on them by Democrats. Now your mad because Republicans are returning the favor.
That is just not true. You've never had to rely on it like some of us have. It has been a GODSEND for those of us who have!
That's an outright LIE! The markets were stabilizing and if the risk corridors were funded, it would be completely solid.  #USAGenocide
Good joke... Thanks for proving you stupidity... 
Only in your warped mind does providing more people with healthcare equal "worse."
More gov involvement means higher costs to Healthcare. Only a moron cannot see the history of it.
No, it does not. We already have the highest costing healthcare because we do not have single payer. All our money is going to ins companies
Choices? Pay excessive amount for less coverage or pay fine? That is called an ultimatum not really a choice.
HC suffered from Govt. interference w Govt. price fixing. Can't force HC pros to work free or under paid! Ins.pd.more&then passed on to ppl.
How so? People were thrown off for preexisting condition and there was a lifetime cap before ACA.
Amen! Americans should not of been forced to have OCare either as this is a violation of choice. Healthcare needs simplicity & major reform!
Guess what? Govt.created state of HC B4 ACA then ACA made it worse & now all Govt. wants is more of our tax $$ & re-election!We lose again!
You DO realize how many Americans appreciate Obamacare & not being denied for "pre-existing" conditions...like Republicans.
@myUHC went from operating in 34 states to 3, what do you think happened to those individuals healthcare?
Yeah. I'm thinking just the opposite. 
I  also think you overplayed your hand. Now we get a bipartisan fix, which will be better.
I am in agreement. A little cooperation and input from both parties may have made things more of a give and take. Ending with a better Bill
How is it that most other developed societies do not have the disaster that is the medical care system  in the US?
Don't CEOs of insurance companies make over $20 mil a year? Plus millions in bonuses! Same with pharmaceutical CEOs?
Why not start there?
Exactly, no one is talking about 'the pork' from pharmaceutical GREEDY CEOS. What about all the profit margins that keep growing??
Tv news won't talk about it they make so much money on pharmaceutical ads on TV and radio. The rich get richer!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
Why are drugs manufactured in the US cheaper  abroad?
The US does not have a healthcare system it has a health profit system. If it was broken before, it won't get better with the incompetents.
Guess what? My taxes subsidize medical from Drs' colleges to research. In return I expect to reap benefits of my $$ I expect health care.
Be forewarned: end goal of the corporation is single payer healthcare which will cost 50%+ in additional taxes. Can you afford that?
Spouse of retired military I have healthcare for life I feel all Americans should have the same, even if I pay more taxes.  Ur % may b high
At least President Obama took ahold of it and started the process. It wasn't done, he said that when he left office. Stupid trump dump.
Agree Gwen!  90% of the country was happy with their coverage hence obamavik lies.  Now not so much...
Obamacare saved ppl's lives @RandPaul. Get it right.
Thank God Healthcare is not by nationality  because we'll be screwed  IN TRUMP LAW .>JUST WHITE  RICH PEOPLE GET HEALTHCARE
And guess what........your version will be no better
I support the AHSA.  We can do it.  Everyone else has it.
Next drugs prices and tort reform for malpractice.
Your so right.   Bad health care didn't start with Obama  care 1900's.
Not really. The ACA saved my family. I get NO tax relief, BUT PAY LESS THAN UBDER PRIVATE PAY. be for the people. Not insurers.
Single payer.
Exactly. Dirty little secret is Bush HHS Secretary Michael Leavitt is in biz of implementing Obamacare Exchanges.
Repeal/revert better than Obamacare and any of the pay/play- destruction of healthcare put forth by @GOP corruptocrats
This senator wants to see more DEAD AMERICANS for him this healthcare bill does not pay the rich enough & still doesn't hurt USA Enough!!
#truth govt isn't addressing the greatest issue of healthcare. COST. And that's difficult to do in a capitalist society
The worse thing about health care before Obama care was that oversight  was lax and the overcharging was similar to defense contractors.
Health Care or Health Care INSURANCE?
Words mean things!
#StandWithRand
Schumer is right the core of the bill is still Obamacare straight repeal then vote on the pieces
Repubs own all 3 branches of Gov. and refuse to honor their campaign promise. #RepealAndReplace  Get it right or pack your bags. #Betrayal
Please - Scrap the government involvement. Make healthcare competitive - this is the only way to get the costs down and premiums to lower.
Rand Paul, M. D. Get a bill finished. Please!!!!!
@KalV194 @RandPaul
The problem needs to be defined HEALTH INSURANCE VS HEALTHCARE
We The People will fix it Not Gov

Russian bots in full force, how's the Kremlin today?
Pharma, hospitals & insurance companies coupled with user abuse of what should be provided, have created this mess. Oh, and the Gov't helped
GOP: govt is broken, vote for me so I can make sure it stays that way.  Goal is corporate syndicates #GOPlies #GOPcrimes
Healthcare was great.. it's the insurance industry you guys have screwed up w rules and regulations then pricing !!
@randpaul so what - you had at least 7 years to devise solution
Rand has been fighting both sides. He opposed ACA & is opposing AHCA. Neither will work in current form.
Why is private industries always getting bailed out, when Americans are living like subjects of the gov?
Free market is sink or swim
1861 Marshall Law envoked. Never been resended. People are subjects of US government.
When they can take a 1 pill and charge 700, something has to change
Correct
Suffering in OK ded 9700 cost 985 mo for 1 had to drop ins BCBS pulling out in 2018 only insurance in OK
For people that need help start a fund. I would be happy to contribute. Government cannot administer a healthcare program.
Meanwhile all we can do is watch this spectacle. This 57 yr old liked Dr. Carson's idea. Been paying for my own healthcare for 30 years.
Yea, Broken by the Govt and then made worse by the Govt #GetGovtOutOfHealthcare
Healthcare financing was making progress before Wall Street moved in (~1980)and turned not-for-profits into a lucrative for-profit carnival!
People that Health Care through their jobs we're doing fine until Obamacare
Lowering cost is solution, not government healthcare.
Guess what , you rotten money grubbing whores will vote for whatever the healthcare industry wants.
We need lobby reform!
No it wasn't.
Not true that it was made worse by Obamacare.
How about we ask the people whose lives it saved? How many lives have you saved Rand? Better yet, save your breath!
THIS is True...@RandPaul CORRECT the pricing
