"How about we reform the internet by killing #netneutrality? We certainly don't need that." #shill #resign #insulttothe1stand4thamendments
Don't handle Obamacare keep going to crap not priority
Enforce the laws on the books
I like Mens Rea Reform Act, but if you think drug sales and violence are not intertwined you just aint paying attention
Yes! That's why I'm supporting @AP4Liberty.  He will give us even more hope for change! #AP4Senate #MOSEN
What abt healthcare, tax reform, & the #Wall ? & Men’s Rea change could make harder 2 pros govt ex/em’ees like Lynch or Hillary Clinton.
Start with congress and the senate that would be reform
No victim No crime
They'll come together on something and you'll obstruct.
Well get on it. We have more people in prison than the rest of the world. Mostly drug charges. Fix it.
Maybe think about community based policing. Hold cops accountable when they shoot people for no reason. Spit balling here.
We have more people in prison than China does. Mainly on bullshit drug charges. Surely we can fix that?
And to the other point, those stats are from the fucking cops. They get to choose what was wasn't deadly force.
They get away with it every fucking time. Even just a few incidents is too many.
Should we hold criminals to the same standard? Another spitball here!
People with a drug addiction are not criminals. they have an illness. They make up most of our prison population. No spitball, that's a fact
Give us senator promises reform
We dont need more laws. We need a justice system that acts. Jeff Sessions seems so far over his head that he is inert. Fire&hire competence.
There is No Hope in America if we don't See Justice for All, Not Just Us. When will #2ndSpecialCounsel give us News on Indictments for them?
Rand Paul always has something to say and loves to be in the spot light.
 Go back to your district and fix your own backyard first.
Rand Paul raised 30k today off the backs of Kentucky. What a fraud. Bye bye Rand. Now he plans to block tax reform
Justice for the people, investigate the crimes, n ethics of Congress. The double standards when they break laws. R we animals n u kings?
MORE LAWS TO IGNORE? Begin enforcing those already on the books.

U can pass the strictest law on immigration but if you ignore-NO CHANGE.
#StandWithRand
What should bedone is ifa politician gets caught in a criminal act they should do twice the time for abuse of trusted position
has
The house had passed over 300+bills and all u have done is sit on ur ass
Paul u don't know anything about reform!!! That was obvious with healthcare
Attorneys won't like it. You can't walk out the door without unknowingly committing a crime. New crimes on the books every day!
How about taxes and healthcare for God's sake. That's what we elected you to do!
You’re not welcome in KY. You’re not from KY
#voterandpaulout
How can you have criminal justice reforms WITHOUT JUSTICES?Do your job Senate, you are the most reviled,obstructionist part of US Government
CJ ref  is not going to prevent crimes like the shooting in LV.  Shooter is dead. But gun law changes? Get your head out of your posterior!
Start with Hillary   Put her in jail
We all have hopes, this one is a figment not to come true, Dems do not give us anything.
Hillary Obama and the rest. we have had enough we want justice  arrest them now
WE WANT LAW & ORDER FOR ALL!
Reform for politicians I hope!!
Take the babies from drug using parents&put them in loving hopeful families that teach morals&community spirits so they have real chance
How about teaching criminals children morals and the value of others
How about fixing issues of criminal so they aren't breaking laws in first place&teaching their kids to blame , not their criminal behavior!
Certainly not against reform, but we need criminals to be accountable for their bad decisions.
what? no prisons at all ?
Stay in Tennessee
What about my hope as a law abiding US Citizen for #TaxReform and #repeal #Obamacare? When are you concerned about Americans?
Until you can change people who have no respect for human lives, you can never make enough laws to end killings.
AG Sessions can show us how to be tough on crime by getting to the bottom of  the many criminal activities of HRC.
There is a big need for justice reform! Know too many ppl being screwed over by so called "justice."
How about enforcing the current laws we have now. DC politicians are not being arrested for crimes & you are talking about reform. Maddening
George webb has all kinds of investigated info on this whole Hillary corruption.  Including Congress , military and obama .
I hope you are including individuals like @ava  to the table when discussing CJ reform.
This is where we might agree, Rand. Fucking shut down the private prisons and end the failed drug war!
Sorry Rand justice isn't for everybody. #firejeffsessions
healthcare and tax reform senator,  you all can't even do that, just print up some get out of jail cards to simplify things,#gothrumotions
We need to start with Congress Crooks rôle
Reform? How about enforcing laws on the books? Making more & more does not fix anything, espec. in CA. Senate Congress exclude themselves.
Good luck with putting an end to lawyer welfare once and for all.
Mr. Senator how to ensure #LasVegasShooting wont happen again? end gun proliferation now,  save lives  
Go for it!
how about fbi reform?  we the people no longer trust them!!
tell sessions he has to indict people first !!
Following Comey's rule for Hillary? Who is going to say yes, I intended to do this crime? Do the crime...do the time!
How noble of you to change the laws the peasants have endured for years when those same laws are getting closer to home.
#DCcrooks
Start with passionate Kushner and those millions who shouldn’t be anywhere near clearance badges
Those who willingly and knowingly sell drugs should be in prison. How do we get in prison gov surveillance agencies?
Senator,  You may not actually represent me but I agree with most of what you do.  I want to say thank you for trying to fix America.
Hillary Clinton would be very happy with that bill 
You talk reform, yet easily confirm the most regressive AG in modern history. Hypocrisy is for all to see.
GO SEN PAUL GO
SEND
@AGLynch
@BarackObama
@johnpodesta
@HillaryClinton
@BillClinton
2
@SenJohnMcCain
@ValerieJarrett
PRISON
@davidbrockdc
@georgesoros
ASAP
Sure Rand, just as soon as you finish Taxes and Healthcare. What do you think 5, 10, 15 years?
Dear ant Senator --- resign
Priorities
I have no hope that this is true. We had a criminal run this country for 8 long exhausting years. 
News flash Maga sorts: You lost the civil war. Today it is no longer a crime to be black.
Please show me where I said ANYTHING like that in my tweet! Please don't let facts get in the way of your thinking tho. 
You lost the civil war, not getting your slaves back. No matter how hard you scream MAGA, you are done.
Yeah, well there's more than 65 million Americans that disagree with you, you pussy hat wearing twat.  Keep on drinking the Kool-aid son. 
That is not even a third of America. You will be replaced by educated and cultured people. 
Start by investigating Obama and Hillary..
People death first and then your guys Start talking about
You have no understanding of justice in any capacity. You're a small minded, mean spirited, violence junkie who contributes nothing.
Go get them Rand help drain the swamp
Only Talking No one do Anything about it. No one security first

#ozkor_ALAH

https://www.slideshare.net/mobile/dritonN/towards-understanding-islampps …

@eDialogueC @eDialogueCenter @NewMuslimsHail @atheistfriend0 @islamicicdxb
Kentucky Senator Rand Paul received $9,900 from the NRA during the 2016 election cycle. WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW MORE
HOW MUCH HE GAVE YOU
IS NOT ONLY 2016 IS EVERY YEARS... would you like to know more
