thank you for your service mr paul! we are proud to have you on our side in kentucky xoxo
Disgusting
Fool. It works as it is
And when private owners let it rot, who bails them out?

It's busy more corporate welfare. Rich stealing from the poor. I expected better.
Have you read the Gulag Archipelago? Socialism has failed. People work much harder when they keep their profits.
I've not read it, but we agree that socialism failed. However, so does capitalism when applied to critical services and infrastructure.
It's interesting how the government constantly expands from "essential services" to constantly grab power from every other sector.
Not sure how gov overreach is relevant here. The industry exists because of government underwriting. Private enterprise had no interest.
The argument is that the government created a monopoly via legislation and private companies, when working for profit, do a better job.
I get that, and for the most part agree. This time it seems the decision is being made based solely on dogma and cronyism. Cannot support it
Why? And even if that is the case and it is possible to assign motive, why does that matter? I'm glad to see a reduction in state power.
Are U insane! For profit hospitals are a disaster...putting profits over people is NEVER a good idea. For profit hospital killed my father.
Low waged air controllers sounds scary.   Saving $ by hiring less experienced employees is wrong, unless you have stock in airline staffing?
If you don't know enough to appreciate the difference in labor between Federal Employees and hourly employees, then you shouldn't be posting
Lobbyist or troll? No matter, still lol.
Just a very happy citizen :)
Lol
i wonder which one of his rich friends will end up with it...
Well that's the skeptical answer
You say skeptical as if it were a bad thing.
oh, i like her....^5
Always good to question government, but smaller Government?
Why wouldn't you question smaller government? It's been a long time since politicians were actually public servants.
Limited government is the goal of conservatism, not necessarily smaller
Wow -- dumb! "Limited" and "small" mean the same thing! Read a history book!
рыночек порешает ежжи

I've seen privatizing in my field and it actually is a big fat failure that DECREASES service. Looking forward to way more plane crashes.
Can we privatize the presidency
Who needs to take a salary when @POTUS costs the taxpayers $3m per trip to Mara Largo.
Long ago disproven. Catch up. Media bs. The number is equated from an Obama vacation w family. Research it
No formal estimate is available.  Costs range from $1m to $3.6m.  Even at a $1m that is 2.5 times his annual salary. 7 trips = $7m to $25m
And make dangerous
Needs to happen government is way to big!!
Begin the privatization of our roads also! So long Americans are subjected to drive on public roads, our 4th Amendment is rendered useless!

Modernize, optimize yes.  Privatize and let some fat cat loot more of our Treasury - NO.
We the people elected this President to do a job.He is upholding his promises,we expect our elected officials to uphold thier oaths!TY MAGA!
Is the company one u have shares in?!
Rand doesn't the privatization replace human controllers with computers?
Maybe we should go back to digging with shovels instead of machines
As a pilot and a air traffic controller I would like to speak to someone human not a computer when my aircraft has smoke in the cockpit.
Then there is demand for real people over machines, I do not see an issue

Those opposed must love sitting on runways in overcrowded planes. Or circling in the air. Dumb asses. Oppose because they hate Trump. 
Shocking. Lately you have been applauding all@from agent orange. When did you turn into a Trumpkin?
Rand is a disgrace to the Paul name.
Yes. Apple fell far from the tree
Ron is a man of principle, Rand is a man of no principles.
Rand is an opportunist. I thought he was a true Libertarian
Im sure he has invested in it
@nyccrfans @realDonaldTrump safety for profit which can only be by working less people more. Which will reduce safety.
And passengers will bear the costs.  People vs profits - who do u think will win?  Privatize-selling off our country piece by piece.
Privatize, make more expensive because now, on top of everything else, it has to make money!  Why do you guys lie? It's about making money
out of something that is a requirement. It's a product with a ready made market that business can't make money out of and they don't like it
What could go wrong?
I encourage your colleagues in the Senate and House to follow your example in support of our president for positive change to happen!#MAGA
Thank you Sen Paul for showing support for Pres. Trump! You are a man of great character and integrity with love of America!
But what about unions, would it still be illegal for them to strike?
The individual airlines should train their OWN personnel to perform this duty and eliminate the failing TSA
There are lots of knowledgeable People that are in the industry That totally Disagree
President Donald J. Trump's efforts to privatize air traffic control will cut waste and abuse by the federal government.
Noooo.
Only if they repeal the aviation #gastax. Otherwise pilots pay twice! #Generalaviation
You only say that because you want your rich friends to control every aspect of American life.
Baaaad idea!
It is about time!!! Thank God we have a President that truly cares for We The Ppl as U do too! 
SELLING AMERICA TO THE HIGHEST BIDDER! 
No regulations. No oversight. No accountability! 

Capitalistic GREED is the new American God.
Yeah...let's make profits a priority in air space safety. Coming soon minimum wage air traffic controllers so the shareholders can profit.
We the American people applaud him too, and thank you for supporting him.
@ProudClinger @realDonaldTrump Shut down post office too. Mail is a dinosaur. Prolific Web.  Lots of logistics private companies.
Soon enough none of the American ppl will be able to afford a decent life. So glad you are here to represent us instead of your bank account
Why not be truthful? Go ahead and thanks him for all the money that will be going to already greedy millionaires.
Nice to see a senator support our president!
The source of the problem is the unionized public employees. Public employees shouldn't have any right to strike.
You have truly sold your soul. Money is your god. Shame on you.
you know what America needs? a democrat controlled senate, house and white house republicans bad for Americans bad for America
Why didn't u act on that for the past 8 yrs instead of blocking Obama at every turn?
THX 4 GETTING ON BOARD ON THIS, BUT WHERE IS THE REPUBLICAN PARTY, PRESIDENT NEEDS SOME HELP N MAGA.  IT COULD B THAT WE NEED A NEW PARTY
i agree with Trump and you Rand " its time for America to change and privatize is the way"" make America great ""
Now if you would just get on board with the rest of our presidents agenda you would have something to be proud of!!
Hopefully the post office is next
Really? You say you support working people? Privatization results in only reduced wages. You're a hypocrite!
If you were a really aware person you would not be applauding a man like Donald Trump, ever.  #Impeach #NobodyCaresAboutClinton
Thank you for supporting our great President
Yes, I heard from a friend how great it is!!!
Get Er Done!
Privatize that make work program TSA thats never done a damn thing.
Everybody wants to privatize till it's your job
How about we privatize congress and take all your government perks away and pay you 20k a year how bout that !!
I saw GOP privatization at Port Columbus. Example; privatized taxi stand... Run by GOP donor, embezzlement & the old Union Busting instinct
If that happens, I will stop flying today. Tell me senator Paul, how does that equate to the economics of air travel, i won't be alone
Privatized government services been around many century's...it's called monarchy, oligarchy, kleptocracy...everything @GOP admires in Russia
How about Amtrak since they have never made a profit ever
it's a great and good idea
Yes great Idea Senator Present a bill to back that. We don't need another foul up like we had in the 80's with the control unions & Reagan
@SenSchumer @SpeakerRyan @NancyPelosi 
Privatizing of a litany of public industries absolutely necessitates a reassessment of the country's
country's approach to the credit system, specifically ensure financial institutions are more lax with business loans. This empowers the...
citizens with the ability to adequately and effectively enter these new industries, as well as promotes competitive growth within them.
More capital being dispersed is a larger risk for financial institutions, but presumably that's the purpose for illogically low tax rates...
and gigantic government bailouts for these institutions; to ensure a prosperous, growing economy at the individual and family level.
The mistakes of yesteryear by these institutions was utilizing the credit system to perform predatory lending practices for things people...
@SenSanders 
needed, specifically housing, whereas a more appropriate approach is 2 offer higher levels of credit leniency for efforts and..
endeavors intended to have an tangible fiscal return, specifically business ventures.
Thank you for supporting @POTUS
How much $$$$$ will you be investing in the "no bid" company that will be doing the optomizing? Getting in on the ground floor, are you?
@chucktodd Tell the @SenateGOP to show the document he signed!c'mon @SenateMajLdr Show the document, its BULLSHIT!
Living on another planet! Show the document he signed, I dare U. U should know has to go through Congress if ur a real Senator of the USA
Yep, government mucks it all up and quadruples the cost
Seriously!? Privatizing the air traffic control system will not improve it but it will make some rich business people a whole lot wealthier.
This I agree with.
You guys look like a bunch of bafoons. Get it together please!!! Is no one there proving your team guidance around optics and messaging?
Follow the money, big business airline donations to Shuster.
It's what Reagan should have done, but at least he broke them!
350,000 GA pilots don't agree with you. They are not complaining. I thought @RandPaul was against crony capitalism.
We currently have the best and safest ATC system in the world. Yes, there is room for improvement. Why not work to cut red tape at the FAA?
it will be as successful as private prisons.  If u can assure no women pilots will be allowed im game
what happen to the 7b that was for air traffic where is the money spent where.
Agreed... MAGA!
We need new refineries too! @POTUS
Why does your father disagree?
Me too!'nn
Sure we can trust money grubbing corporations with no loyalty2 humanity with the safety of airports no problem. What are you high on crack?
Just as long as it doesn't become another EZpass like company.  They simply don't have it together.
Pls pls exclude General Aviation from User Fees. It will put to death small airplanes
75% of what govt does should be privatized, and should be put out to bid every five years.
Except what happens when Delta and United both want to  land?
You can't privatize and sell the skies, Senator
Government control should be over in regards to ATC.
Union busting in USA is almost complete
By the time Trump is done we won't need a Federal Govt. everything will be privatized or run by the state so you'll be losing your job 
You're a good man @RandPaul after @POTUS second term, if you run again, you have my vote!  (unless Ivanka runs!) That will b a tough choice!
All this does is removes accountability. When a corporation fucks up it can just declare bankruptcy and start a new entity. Not so with gov.
Crawl back under your rock.
We expect you to fully cooperate and support #ThePeoplesPresident @POTUS @realDonaldTrump on ALL issues.
I worked for the atc union and could tell you stories.
How much is going 2 cost
Tax breaks for rich cost taxpayers ~82cent/dollar
Private investors charge fees 2 use
Airline fees outrageous as is
What do investors have to do with it? It would be like hiring any old contractor. Your tweet is barely readable
How much is private sector then going to charge taxpayers every time they fly for updating? $25 or $50 on top of bag fees & taxes already on
Don't think U get privatization means fees for every time U use. Think toll roads. Hate to be small business that requires flying anywhere
Tolls roads are owned by city, county, or state governments, not private entities.
Doesn't matter who owns still privatized  and we still are charged fee per use. This will be the model for everything privatized by 45
Better not run out money before payday to be able to pay to get to your job!
I live at my work and we don't have toll roads in western NE so i don't care anyway
Now you just need to privatize the VA, USPS, & totally get rid of the IRS!
most incredibly stupid idea ever. Only a moron could like privatizing air traffic control.
Please ask @POTUS to pardon him. #FDAs corruption must stop.
#StandWithRand
Mr. Paul thank you so much for finally standing by our President! will see in 2018,  Reps win, Dems lose, US backs and loves our president!
Great day when this happens.
Also add the postal service to the list.
Now, let's do the same thing with health care!
My fear is that privatization means the rich get richer & take more control over the middle class. Working middle class people marginalized.
POTUS45 is on top of it all.
Lets get a WIN @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
The reverse should actual take place in the airlines industry since private firms can't cover all the costs associated with flying planes.
You know nothing about business. If you did, then you would stop promoting economic policies that don't work.
TSA, Post Office next?
If anyone really knew how many planes were in the air at the same time and how close to one another, no one would fly again!
Use your hands to help accomplish something for the country! No one wants or needs political platitudes!
KISSIE!
Thank you for your voice Senator @RandPaul 
Love all your family's tweets - helps me feel close to the first family and all the cool perspectives and work you're doing. Godspeed all!
I thought that was done by Reagan?
Excellent idea ~ service will improve dramatically
Then stand up for him and get the #buzzards off his back!!!
Cell phones have better technology than current air traffic control technology, long overdue!
@RandPaul You better be on the ticket in 2024!
Get rid of the TSA they r sexually assaulting people,  its disgusting
I think our president needs to concentrate on the Tax cut & #FullRepeal of 0bamacare & address new things when they are accomplished
I love all the people on here basically saying or implying small government is bad. Lol "those evil libertarians"
Thank you for your positive comments Senator! Refreshing!
No more gov't ops that insert radar blips on air traffic controller's screens to create chaos and confusion like during 9/11.
Just give them better equipment, problem solved.
I don't care for Trump, but that's not a bad idea. However I have a feeling it will create more problems than it'll fix.
Privatization of the transportation department that takes care of our highways and city streets is also necessary. We will get value for $
Thank God for both of you trying to MAGA.
Shrink gov
And that's why America didnt want you to step one foot in the WH...your radical just like the liar in chief.
This is overdue. Rather than nothing is wrong with the system !
Um that is a disaster. You trust private corps to handle it and collaborate with eachother...will never fly again. Yicks.
The problem's when the private corp gets the gov to do their work for free like TSA. If they want 2 privatize they pay 4 their own security!
good point
Got that from my governor @GovJVentura. He's the president we need who won't submit to DemoCRIPs or ReBLOODlicans. You should check him out.
why not get just get rid of the federal government once and for all that would drain the swamp
Yes, I do too!!
I like this. They will do a better job with this.
Stay behind our Prez we can not let Dems prevail or it is over in US
Of course you do. How many shares or how much money do you have invested in this initiative? Crooks.... All crooks.
...and who benefits?
Bite me..you can't manage money but you can let barry give $ to terrorists
Yay! Get government out of private sector
we need more privatization. our infrastructure would be immaculate right now
Privatizing (AKA profitizing) this kind of stuff leads to shortcuts, shotty supplies, disasters and deaths.
DJT is doing a great job. We need Rand Paul to take Leader McConnell's position.   Let's get the 'party' started. #MAGA
We were taught that as being basic economics in the free market in high school back in the early 70s. Now, not so much.
Good move. I hope he keeps it up
As long as it's not another 'Make Elon Musk" rich boondoggle like solar energy!
.@RandPaul GVT will NVR get out of what they SHLDNT be in. It's giving up pwr. Plain n simple &hell wld freeze b4 gvt wld give up anything
Some way you will be making money on this too!!!
Not like airplanes can come down.  Let's pay some one no medical coverage and minimum wage to due air traffic control.
Yeah privatizing works look at the postal system.  Let's privatize it and make them responsible  to police them selves.
You should be trying to get him to release his tax returns and get him out of the white house
Puppet!
At the expense of General aviation? When you charge to use the airspace, costs go up for training. There is a pilot shortage you fool.
Rand Paul the number one guy to talk to if u are curious how Donald trumps colon smells on any given day.
Brilliant, should have been done decades ago, common sense is hard to come by from the hard left thou.
The leftist Soros-trolls seem to be everywhere. Don't let them convince you! Senator Rand Paul is a great man for this country!
Wrong...can anyone spell #USPS !
Then pass the health care and tax laws
Thank You Senator For helping Us move forward Without a Glitch . The America Workers have had the itch Nice work Together We Stitch
