Hey Rand,invite me over,Ide love to tackle the neighbor problem.
A fact
Time dirty mccain is called out on getting dossier to Comey and his institute taking money from soros
Past time, should have been long ago
Mccain is dirty
Tell me something new.
So obviously it's a plot complete obstructionists.This can not continue McCain is going thru grief stages he needs psychiatric help NOW !
McCain is a dem
McCain is not a Dem.  He's a centrist Republican. unlike most in Congress.  He's neither a Liberal nor a Progressive, hense, not a Dem.
I'm not sure he stands for anything anymore.
U ll never reach knees of @SenJohnMcCain or @LindseyGrahamSC ! They r both primarily AMERICANS.HUMANS the very best of the GOP!
Republicans need to wake up. Democrats are messing up so bad that we might be able to get our country back. Quit fighting each other.
McCain and Graham are greater threats than Hillary's thugs. And patriots know it.
Of course they don't want @POTUS to succeed.  The voters will not forgive!
Oh the Koch brothers are calling, run along poodle Rand and wag your tail and bark for your masters treats
If they can't do what's right for American people, then they need to join Flake & Corker. We need  #TaxReform
Get rid of them!
Stick to your guns sir.
How are these two considered to be  on our side? They’re really like our enemy.
Typical from the two liberal GOP senators. Cut Pork, Cut Fed. Gov agencies practice of giving excess budget away each fiscal year-Cut Waste
McCain and Graham's goal seems to tpple the US government through debt. Why do they want to sell their country to debt holders? Replace them
Term limits for every damn one of you.
Shut it down before you let that happen....
Thank goodness
Says the lone rep to vote no
Trim othr prog's 2 put $ into EBT HC My fam gets HC fr their jobs. Save $ by making sens and govs pay 4 their own &help th peop if concerned
Can we just concentrate on the poor &get it done How about an EBT card for healthcare. Lv mid- class to get HC from EMP's Stop SS 2 the rich
Cap spending! Tax reform and tax rate decreases only will help@if there is huge decrease in spending!
Hold tight. We can't do this without senators that are still working for the American people!
不发展经济，什么决策都感觉得很为难，不是吗？
That’s because Graham is the biggest loser in the Senate. And mccain just needs to go home
We the populist are going to vote  out both of these Rhinos. Bye   bye  traitors
What part of raising revenue by boosting business investment do you not understand? Talk to @realDonaldTrump real, he will explain it to you
Nothing we can do about them right now. However,  America knows they they they need to be eliminated.
No
It's obvious several Rep Senators must go Lets start with Flake @kellizwardaz
I'm willing to spend more for prosecution of Hillary Clinton.
Both @SenJohnMcCain and @LindsayGrahamSC need put out to pasture. They don't represent conservatives and are waaaaaay past their prime.
We need less spending not more.
And we all know THE HOUSE ALONE CONTROLS THE PURSE!!! They can REJECT McCain and Grahams B. S. !
They have no intentions other than feeding the public entitlement programs
But I take it you're okay with giving away most of proceeds to the top wealthiest elites, huh? Whatev. America is cooked anyway.
McCain - Graham need a one-way junket to Egypt; join their M.Brotherhood friends in exile.
So tired of Reps that say one thing and do another.  Reps like you are a breath of fresh air. Keep up the good work. #RinosGottaGo
You’re right less for Texas. Any chemical cleanup from storm is on them- no regs then clean it up Houston
Don't let the songbird of Vietnam and his little minion get away with it! I signed your petition!
John McCain makes me sick.
Hold the line...
You our the Americans voice..
Yes.... Mr curly boy  ( senator Rand Paul). Do something positive for your country.
Why cut taxes if not cutting spending.  Doesn't make sense
No surprise here
Get the budget passed!!!!!!
I have told the White House and GOP leaders that if they simply stick to their own caps, the rest of the Budget is fine and I’ll vote yes.
It is a simple, but important, change they could easily make. The ball is in their court.
We can still pass it with out those two.
Oh just get on the same page,do something as a party! There's more infighting in the gop you don't need the dems working against you
You sold your soul to fuck over the poor on health care, congrats 
Go golf some more with the president, you feckless coward.
impeach him for what ? Do you know how this works?
Um do you? There's potential impeachment material everywhere. Emoluments clause, malfeasance in revealing classified info to the Russians, his attacks on the 1st amd, admission of obstruction of justice, helping Jr write the misleading statement about the trump tower meeting
Go ahead and start a war. I’ve been to war. You don’t want a war and if he is impeached the killing will begin.
And I did not mean to imply that I was. Now I do fly that battle flag got an AR and a big ole Josey Wales lookin pistol but I am for freedom
McCain needs to be removed due to mental instability!
You should probably read up on #mmt and fiat currency before messing with the budget, Randy
Big fat NO!! Gov. Shutdown until @realDonaldTrump n American people get everything they want. Congress is ruining the nation
We pay your salary and your great healthcare.  You get funds from many big corps and wealthy people.  We the people should are your bosses!
McCain is a closet Liberal now.
Has been since he sucked up Baracks backside after losing to him. Must have been paid well for cooperation
That's right, McCain handed the presidency to Obama on a silver platter.
The RNC gave it to Obama by not allowing Ron Paul to run against him.
As much as I like Dr. Paul, he never had enough support.
No, he was never going to win the election, but he and hie supporters were insulted and as a result they didn't vote.
Then I guess that's on them. Wouldn't you say? That's just childish.
@SenJohnMcCain is not representing the AZ people. He has given in to a new world vision and obstructs progress for his party and the people.
Both Graham&McCain are self important RINO's who need to be stripped of their Committee roles 4 not supporting!They are anti-Trump!

McCain IS Democrat scum.
Wait? I thought y'all were singing Kumbaya yesterday? Trump said the #GOP was united? Good on @SenJohnMcCain & @LindseyGrahamSC
McCain is a liberal now, We should oust his ilk from the #RNC.  #BootMcCain  #SorosForPrison
@GOP @GOPChairwoman No $$ for #RINOs. #RNC could lose $millions if #WeThePeople decide to donate to individuals instead of #RNC.
Agreed.
Figures they are both bought and paid for. Not for America. Resign Traitor McCain and Graham you can't take dirty money where you are going
When you're on the same "side" as McCain, I KNOW there's a problem. Rethink ur position Rand! Graham teamed w/him & u c what happened 2 him!
Of course they are...are you surprised?
Those two need to be gone from politics!
Those two senators are despicable. Absolutely disgusting senators!
Neither of them are up for reelection in 2018.
Lindsey Graham is up for re-election isn't he??? I saw pastor Mark Burns is going to primary him....Miss Lindsey will be gone!! Yippie
Why hasn’t he been recalled?
Ask Arizona...
Arizona don’t make us come over there...
I think they are actually democrats due to their relation to the border. Isn't that goofy Jeff Fake from their as well? Car salesman ass.
#VoteDemOut #MAGA
Backatcha #MAGA
McCain is just torpedoing POTUS, period. Vindictive jealous bitter little man, trying to go out with a bang 
Well, you seem to have the POTUS's ear now Senator. Which I am thankful for. Keep fighting!
We citizens have to balance our checkbooks. Government should do the same. Be responsible, for once, stop the waste.
@TheBadDadder not surprised! They only care about their donors!!
Must have our pork shoved in between the lines before we sign the bills but don't read them first, well except of course what you want in
agreed! It's a mess!! We need #Patriots & #MAGA people at every level if gov!!
The Republican Party is so unified. Or at least it was yesterday.
That doesn't surprise anyone
I wish Maclame would take a leave of absence
These are not conservatives
Give POTUS the line item veto.
Infuriating.
@FedupWithSwamp how come no 1 knows that mccain is a traitor. his records are sealed. he got his men killed
10 min video on what John McCain did & why he's a traitor.
https://m.liveleak.com/view?i=dc3_1406597386r …
what video
I'm sorry, thought u caught it.
10 min video on what John McCain did & why he's a traitor.
https://m.liveleak.com/view?i=dc3_1406597386r …
I believe if the president said “let’s protect America”, McCain would say “let’s bomb America!” He’s so full of mind-numbing hatred.
Have ever said the same about Trump?
Of course....
No surprised and no one else should be either. @SenJohnMcCain (aka Song Bird) is against anything pro-America.
Two total traitors that should be fired! McCain should be recalled!
Here we go again. Just face it trump train they won't input anything for us. Everything is dead
Neither of those Senators should ever. All themselves   conservatives. They are RINO establishment hacks. .
Get @SenJohnMcCain out of office! His destructive actions and attitude are not to be tolerated!
@SenJohnMcCain YOU ARE A TRAITOR TO YOUR COUNTRY AND YOUR PARTY. YOU DESERVE TO BE IN PRISON 
@realDonaldTrump @GOP @newtgingrich @PoliticalShort @pnehlen @mitchellvii @RealJamesWoods
So Rand , why is it McCain is too sick and on top many meds to drive a car but he is still allowed to vote and make law ???
they just don't seem like they want to get anything past. Especially if it's something for Trump and the people. Hold your ground
We do not want anymore spending, @LindseyGrahamSC @SenJohnMcCain stop playing with the peoples money.
McCain and Graham are traitors.
Can’t they just change parties and leave the real conservatives alone?
Please retire with grace already!!!'nn
$20 trillion in debt you would think both sides would want to stop wasting taxpayer money now, stick to a budget of needs only.
They have no care about the budget because they're thinking it's not going to affect them in any way. Obama added 10Trillion n didn't blink!
Typical RINO activity.
As usual.
@TheDemocrats are like that. Fight. Filibuster.
U are 1 of just over 50 votes- we need relief & it doesn't matter whose name is on the plan. No one is perfect- support POTUS and Americans
That's because McCain and Graham are democrats and shame on the RNC for allowing them to stay in party.
Graham is a typical conservative.  Did you miss the "health care bill" his name was attached to?
We despise these two!!!!
Put a fake line item in the budget about drone striking innocent muslims. Then McStain and Grahamnesty will get on board.
MCCain is worthless
They are true democrats
Shocking!
Please give us someone we can vote for in SC instead of Lindsey Graham.
Couple of cry babies not getting their way ?? PLEASE TEACH THEM HOW TO WORK WITH TRUMP LIKE YOU ARE !!!!!!!!!!
The 2 worthless Democrats
McCaine isn’t trying to torpedo the budget. He is trying to torpedo president Trump. He is a traitor to his constituents and to this country
McCain is going to do everything he can do to be destructive at this point.  He's taking his anger at his condition out on the GOP
Songbird and Gayboy acting like liberal traitors are no longer any big surprise.
Vote them out
You people are so concerned about the budget. What a crock! The rich get richer and the working man can't feed his family!
Not to worry @RandPaul The voters will retire them. :)
McCain is out to get Trump and Graham is just his lap dog
McCAIN AND GRAHAM are Democrats in reality!!!!
Thank you for fighting that!! Thank you for helping our POTUS!!
The evil twins.
McCain and Graham...2 people who should be investigated into further along with their buddy Schumer.
They are democrats masquerading as republicans
Don’t mess this up rand. Americans need tax relief. Negotiate fine. But don’t kill it please.
@SenJohnMcCain is a RINO! Do NOT trust him!
Spending needs to be capped at 17% GDP get rid of income tax replace with 20 percent consumption tax and the government will have surplus
Thank you Sen McCain and Graham#peoplefirst
They are both insane RINOs.
I just wish they would go away!
Time for these guys to retire
Wouldn’t expect anything else from those two goofs.
They need to be fired
The Marx Bros need to get out of the way. They need to wake up to Americans. It’s not about them. Keep in mind. You are in my district.
@MustangZeroFive 

Senator, why don't we eliminate health ins for all Federal Employees incl Congress. That would save $$ right?
They are Deep State Pals
These #DeepState swamp creatures need to be exposed!!! They should fear the American people more than they fear their shadow government!
Why @sengraham2016.  Why are u planning on screwing the middle class?   Why?
I would ask the same of @RandPaul when he supported a "health care bill" that would take health insurance away from millions of people.
Graham & McCain are sleeper DNC agents. At least McCain can fall back on war hero status, Grahams just a loser dough boy.
@RandPaul @POTUS @realDonaldTrump Do something abt McCain/Graham. They r irrelevant obstructionists & will b removed. 4 now, go around them
Hire a Strategic Leader with Lean Six Sigma and start cutting unnecessary spending. I am for hire.
It isn't about you guys...for christ sake
It's time the Senate Republicans start playing hardball with McCant and bring him to heel. He's turned into Arlen Specter
Senator less carping and more work to pass tax reform and budget!!  Please!!!
Has McCain always been so left leaning?
McCain acting like a liberal?!?! Say it ain't so, Senator!
How are we supposed to pay for anything if we don’t collect money for it? I know: make services free. It won’t cost you a thing!
My father used to say that the most dangerous people on earth are the idiots that are totally convinced they've right. Wake up Rab
Pass the budget, then pass tax reform!
I'm sorry but shouldn't someone with 40yrs experience know that it's time to step down when you have brain cancer?
They have 2 GO !
McCain should be removed from office, we need a means to fire Reps who go against their voters
...and in other news, the sky is blue.
Do something! Nothing has been passed by you guys...not repeal/replace...nothing!All we see is the endless squabbling with NO RESULTS! Why??
Because they aren't republicans. They are establishment.
McCAIN and GRAHAM DON'T MIND SPENDING SOME ONE ELSES MONEY. IF IT WAS THEIR OWN MONEY, THAT WOULD BE A DIFFERENT ATTITUDE!
Supposedly federal government is not big enough yet. So, add and add, and add. Cut the credit card!
What’s new these clowns 4that matter 80%of both houses R trying 2 keep a lid on rampant corruption+ theft of America just 2 line own pockets
It’s time for Graham and McCain to pack their bags and make room for someone who will do the people’s work.
Don't worry rand, Bannon will get rid of these2 phonies they've been stinking up the swamp long enough!
Can't we just vote them off the Island of Trust? @SenMcCain @sengraham2016
Sir both are rinos with a stop Trump agenda. McCain is an old bitter man. Who should retire and fade away. Why should one man stop MAGA.
What do you expect?
Wow. Y’all are turning on each other like lab rats in a food deprivation experiment
Of course they are, it's what tax and spenders do.
Of course they are. Traitors, angry, bitter men!!!
Why would anyone put George Soros backed McCain back in office he's a traitor to the people and the country.
Torpedoed them next election.
Nice debate traciD and Kiley decent points both sides nice tone too thanks
McCain & Graham - Butt buddies. The will of the Amer ppl long since replaced by will of big money backers. Thank all Gods for President DJT
Stop spending! Can it be this hard?
They are globalist Dems.  @LindseyGrahamSC need to stop spending and get on the Trump train. Or be a Dem like John McCain
How can we possibly stand for more spending? $20T in debt. #TermLimits #BalancedBudgetAmendment #LowerTaxes
That is the only way US economy can move forward until the big bang!
We the people are on McCain side. Paul, you sold out.
CUT THE SPENDING IN WASHINGTON!!!! Give the money back to #WeThePeople @senjohnmccain @lindseygrahamsc @sentoomey @senbobcasey
Can you politicians get over your obsession about money and focus on taking care of ALL of our citizens? Don't just serve who agrees with u!
The usual suspects huh? WHY are they still in the Republican Party????? #GOP ???
Keep fighting for us Rand. Why have mccain and graham become hate filled toward U S citizens?
