So, what Trump really did was trash the nukes Obama gave them? God, I hope that's what you're saying. Cuz UN is Illuminati 100%
EXACTLY.  U.N. could not conclusively frame Assad on the last attempt, so U.N. wasn't called in for a repeat performance.
When the facts come in, regarding the nature of the circumstances, it will make Trump, and the U. S., look like reckless fools.
Who knows if this was Trump's choice? Globalists could've forced him number of ways.Europe sent largest deployment since cold war last week!
You've offered up Montenegro to the Russians in the most craven act of appeasement since Obama courted the mullahs of Iran. Despicable.
How are the Montenegrins threatened by Russia? That's a lie and a sad one at that. You should research before you attack.
One can attack libertarians on any given foreign policy position with impunity. Libertarians are children when it comes to foreign affairs.
You didn't answer my question: how are Montenegrins threatened by Russia? Sen Paul is 100% right on this particular issue.
I LOV E SQURIELS, I HAVE FED THEM FOR ABOUT 25 YEARS. LOVE, JUDY
DT & WH is against US interests. Look closer to home & stop looking out for No. 1. That's why people have no respect - lies & self interest.
No Muslim-majority nation should be a member of NATO.  Since Turkey has aided & abetted the Muslim invasion of EU, neither should they!
Another #Russian #Trump enabler here!
You are an intelligent man

I'm shocked to discover that @realDonaldTrump is a volunteer in the Big Brother Program where he mentors a young man with no spine or soul. 
Why is Paul against Medicare for all?
Lower premiums, cost, drugs & all ppl covered
Why is GOP always Big Business 1st & screw the Citizens?
It is time for some or all of these old time career folks to go!
Thank you Rand for standing on this issue. Please continue to stand as long as it takes. We're behind you 100% on this!
Only Russia benefits from excluding nations from the UN. You are only protecting Russia.  Good job #shameful
And you forgot the vote for the iraq war with which @realDonaldTrump attacked @HillaryClinton
Makes me sad for Kentucky. They're represented by a true opportunist.
Unfreaking real
Fight the good fight against those Neo- Con's.
Don't let him do it .
So if Russia steps 1 foot in that country, does that basically mean war? Which songbird would love!! And Russia made Hilary cal us deplorabl
You are a great American, thank you
Indeed, 46.
Why kind of scumbag would turn his back on freedom loving people seeking to join us?
Well said.
YES IT IS
buts that senators McCain's! He has financial interest in getting paid by his "donors"-his loyalty is not for America indeed!
It's called SUPPORTING democracies and preventing wars you coward. Please vote this man out.
Stick with America first... healthcare premiums are 1/3rd of my pension. Wake them up!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Rand, you run with "A friend" of mine and we have a ticket!
@MarkRocco133 https://t.co/OB2jls3DXl?ssr=true Vive la Pen 

Rand Paul Russia
Hillary Clinton fake news
2015 http://webcache.googleusercontent.com/search?q=cache:GG-tc_2Ml6QJ:www.vox.com/2015/2/17/8055949/rand-paul-hillary-pinterest+&cd=21&hl=en&ct=clnk&client=safari … 
Don't vote for Gorsuch please. #PeoplesFilibuster
You need to physically go there? Good lord. I am betting he has a better understanding than you.
No, you don't need to go there to understand that globalism is bad. NATO membership doesn't help Montenegro in any way.
So is not supporting Trump & voting down the AHC Bill which would have been changed in the Senate anyways. Americans voted in DJT, not Cruz.
Libertarianism's 'leave the people alone' ideas have appeal.  Too bad libertarian ideas about foreign affairs are nothing short of insane.
Much easier to convince Americans that we should not volunteer to die for Montenegro than to convince them about libertarianism in general.
Curious: where in your libertarian ideology does it say that foreign policy requires American acquiescence to aggressor states & dictators?
American people deserve a libertarian foreign policy that protects American citizens as our friends and allies, not foreign nations instead.
Waste of money
Yep, saw only 2 senators voted against it. How many more countries does our armed forced need to defend?
Send. Paul please gather the forces come up with a way to repeal and replace Omaha care! I don't think Trump bad mouth you guys just putin
Well. McCain wants war.
Forgetting we are of the world not just u.s.
Adding any more countries to NATO just adds another place we have to defend.
Agreed. The US staying in NATO is also against US interests. #foreignentanglements
McCain is batshit crazy and senile. #TermLimits
Possibly, but hopefully I won't be a senator or a person with influence or power over the lives of people or country
NATO is Evil
#StandWithRand
51% of their citizens don't even want to join NATO. This is absurdity.
America first. Good job.
The Soviets got broke. They paid for their empire. Poland Hungary DDR Cuba.Soviets couldn't keep up w USA economics n RReagan n US industry
ur right ! Russia's interest in former satellites is equal 2 our invites to them into NATO. Imagine Mex&Can invtd 2WarswPct
#Another non descript country added to NATO. They have little to offer.
Rewriting history? NATO has been a stabilizing, uniting force in Europe. It will cost us more if we  don't support it.
I agree.  Another welfare state.
Thank you Senator Paul, for trying to keep the nation out of any more wars! How sad is it that you are all alone, except for @senmikelee?!
Please remove the gloves and win 2020
How is this not trending... oh wait
Anyone that votes for us to go to war should have to give their salary to the families of fallen soldiers. Keep up the good work Senator.
Grats, Senator, this is the dumbest thing you've said so far.

Former east bloc has two choices: Putin or NATO. Why do you want Putin's win?
The US being part of NATO is against US interests, as is the UN
@DA_Stockman  #Smart
Stop obstructing and start governing!
It won't even come up. I watched it on YouTube. I was skeptical of Rand but he's winning me over. keep up the good fight
Yeah McCains playing with something there. And your right it is not in our interest, its in McCains and his masters interest
anyone who wants to join NATO should be able to if their is a vacancy to fill
I'm up next Dr. Paul. Liberty first
Really?  Your goal is to be meaningless & take up space.
Agree.There is hidden logic in this.NATO is aggressve encircling& isolating R geographically as well as by absorbing Mont,historic ally of R
/It is extending its footprint in Balkans,blocking Russia from access to the Adriatic through its proxies in the region  Serbia & Montenegro
People of Montenegro VOTED to join the west.   No country has ever voted to join Russia. Wonder why.
These are 2 provocateur statements,no worries, will fix it for u: Montenegro vote was split 50/50, Crimea vote more convincing, by miles...
Calling people names does not reflect well on your credibility nor ads to your argument, even if there was any (wasn't). Buy!
 BRAVO, Senator Paul!
I agree
We cannot be isolationist
Democrats/Senate is likely to get what they want: WAR. Putin is already warning our government to back off on accusations.
Why wouldn't it improve the defense to add members who can't defend themselves? Or don't you think a Defensive Alliance should be expansive?
hey? Let's talk about treason.  #thewhiteelephantiselectricgreen
Such a small country, such a small concern; except that WWI started over the threat to Serbia and Montenegro.
With the Neocons and the Left pushing for war w/ Russia (for profit), it's so nice to hear a voice of reason.
Don't let them do it @RandPaul
I disagree
Likely end up dragging us into a war under article 55
Low info voters don't understand what liberty sounds like, lol!
I #StandWithRand!
hes right
@RandPaul 

@sbsun
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@FoxNews
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
@RandPaul: 

@MLP_officiel
@Nigel_Farage 
@PutinRF_Eng
@TulsiGabbard 
@justinamash
@RonPaul
@realDonaldTrump
@realdonaldtrump and the @gop are against US interests.  Let's start there.
Not clear to me why it's in Montenegro's interests.  2% of GDP wouldn't fund a battalion.
Out of the UN & NATO, out of other sovereign nations' businesses. ENOUGH WITH THE GLOBALIST PIGS...
agreed
Mr Paul, Y aren't U doing more about #TrumpRussia? Traitor? Plz ask US military to declare #MartialLaw to try #HighCrimes & #HangTraitors
you must have proof, please share it. You want martial law?
Yes, martial law would allow the military to investigate and find the truth without political interference.  Justice would be served swiftly
You want an independent military investigation? I'm not sure martial law would be necessary for that.
Without martial law, military has no authority to investigate government
Because it really isn't a military issue. An act of war may be a technicality, but we wont use them for this.
Montenegro/NATO issue is being pushed by the neocons who want to drag us into another war. We have no desire to fight your wars.
McCain is an idiot!!!
I don't know where I stand on this one, but have Counties with large armies is not the only thing to look at.
Type-o Countries that is.
your whole party since Jan 20 is against US interests.
#StopArmingTerrorists is in our interest, even if it was introduced by a dem. But neolibs and neocons hate it.
I don't see any advantage to it for the U.S. or NATO.  Seems like it's being pushed by the neo cons.
And you are an international defense expert?
Just as much as you. How about you tell me how this would benefit the U.S.?
This FARKAS women That is exactly What She was Promoting in 2015 before she left ?
NATO has no purpose but to corral nations which want to escape and consolidate global rule in Europe.
@JudgeJeanine @PressSec @POTUS @SheriffClarke @AnnCoulter @larryelder @IngrahamAngle @SebGorka @GovMikeHuckabee @newtgingrich @GLFOP
Didn't Trump campaign on weakening NATO?
Crimea doesnt think Russia is weak.
CUT  OFF. NATO. FUNDING
#NATO was a ruse by the anti-nation state cabal to garner US mil protection. Most recent ex is #AIIB moves. Economic daggers to our back.
R For Russia
R For Racists
R For Republicans!
R For Traitors!
 Investigate Putin->Trump crooked links!
over to you @SenJohnMcCain This should be fun. Making popcorn now.
please cite empirical evidence Dr., not just rhetoric to support your hypotheses abt USSR and mont.
and if they became involved in a war with Russia. So he is saying it's not worth it.
Isn't NATO in the interest of all its members? I don't think your nationalism is very American.
You like Turkey being in NATO? You think Erdogan cares about America's best interest? He just threatened to flood Europe with refuges.
Yes, I do. We have two military bases there. Very strategic locations.
With friends like Turkey, you don't need enemies.
Are you drunk?
No no it's not.  You are out of your league on this subject.
Are you serious?  This is a good strategic location for an additional NATO country. Even an eye Doctor should see that.
Why? We'd have to be complete idiots to instigate a war w/ Russia. And Russia won't attack us for no reason.
Why would they attack a free people voting to join the west?  Must be truly evil
There's so much more to the west than military alliances and paying for the defense of other sovereigns
But I doubt they will attack, regardless.
So what does cover u.s. interests? Aiding Russia in cyber attacks against us...or maybe cover ups?
the US in NATO is against American citizens interests, get us out of that money pit
explain
Stay on ur current path..we know you all too well
I agree. Thanks for your stance!
What the heck? Rand a Soros puppet? If anything SOROS wants NATO enlarged
Indeed he is. McCain always was ever since he took over as chair of the IRI in 1993.

