
If true what @SenateMajLdr said, you would only be voting to take the issue up & would vote later on amendments, you have one option. YES!
As slow as Congress has been moving, a lot of truth there.They shouldn't have vacation until they figure it out w/out bailing out ins co's.
This  would be a great way to save money and  doctors in local area  would be  glad to work with them.
Where are the blue dog dems??
Doubt that very much.  But dream on
There are those of us that voted repub but are not for either party.  If they don't pass some kind of healthcare.  The voters will be angry
As long as there is NO FUNDING included in ANY way for Planned Murderhood I look forward to a repeal at MINIMUM. #RepealObamacare #DefundPP
That is what Rand is working on, repeal and don't bail out insurer's/corporates, but help those who have been caught in the middle!
We still have OCare.   Thanks.
several small businesses ccould join together  and  I think banks  would also help. . Save money and no middle  man.
You want people to join local health associations but a national association is "government" healthcare? How does that make any sense?
The ObamaCare Republicans http://wsj.com/articles/the-o … via @@WSJOpinion
Rand, try fighting it from a moral perspective. The government doesnt can't force doctors to provide health care cus it's not a right
Hey oPryzeLP FYI the Gov can and does force us docs to see patients even those with no $ or ins. See EMTALA.
Sure, but if health care is a right, then that means the government could force people to become doctors and provide care.
Please vote to repeal sir.  #promises
If government doesn't do things well, why do so-called "libertarians" fear the public option that would keep your glorious profiteers HONEST
How about the employees at a business each put $200 .00 in a savings at a bank andd  deal directly with a  doctor  for  small claims .
You mean a lying session
Senator Rand Paul, always ready to criticize and sabotage President Trump's agenda. Be a patriot first and a politician second.
Rand Paul has good common sense ideas for a healthcare plan! Good grasp of issue and need to R&R Obamacare.
You need to stop acting like a prima donna and pass a healthcare bill!
20 grassroots organizations want to speak to you!
It wasn't a Q&A.  It was you telling your idea to people who tuned in.  When will you hold a Town Hall?  You've been avoiding since Feb!
#StandWithRand
Very enlightening! Thank you @RandPaul! #repealobamacare
You and the rest of you thieves need to go after two terms. You found a way to make money off we the people and have hung on for dear life!
What is with all the chanting noise in the background? Were there protesters?
Don't give up the democrat's are going to work with the republican's eventually over making a good healthcare bill
Did you tell the actual truth or Trumpish version of it!??
repeal obamacare NOW then work on a GOOD replacement or get out of health care period
Thank-You Senator 
Thanks for being #Principled & calling out the "weak knee"d #Republicans #GOP #FullRepeal .@RandPaul @TylerDiep @QuachTri #standwithRand
How much involved actual healthcare & how much was about fucking people out of healthcare.Just cause u use the phrase doesn't mean u care
Maybe you should try working instead
Sen. Paul, you have been the only Senator to have the courage to stand on your principles and message from the begining. Thank you!
Senator, When considering healthcare premiums and who will most likely use healthcare, is concept of moral hazard considered?
I don't know if it's just my phone but Volume level sucks!!! 
Did you lie?
Cool. So you've given your Facebook fans 10 mins to ask questions. When will you come to Kentucky and hear from your constituents?
and then work on a new competitive anti regulatory plan including interstate competition and tort reform  to bring costs down
Absolutely agree let's go back to the way it was before Obamacare
Disappointed in you. RINO. Just another, LEFT in  R clothing. NO vote for you.
Jealousy is not becoming. You are not relevant. BE A DEM.
I am so tired of Wyoming bigots lying to me. I will be so happy when the people wake up to how you are stealing our votes and jail you all








Stop obstructing and get it done.
You guys have lost all your integrity
Gov Matt Bevin in KY wants able bodied people to either be in training, or work or volunteer 20 hours a week in order to receive Medicaid.
And those who are able to do neither of those things?? This goes back to the @GOP Lie that abusers of a system are the rule not exception!
@mitchellvii Rand Paul opposed BCRA because of insurance bailouts, but w/o it, Repubs will work w/ Dems to bail out Insurers WITHOUT repeal!
Bully for you. How about getting off your ego ass and get the Obamacare BS taken care of.
Why weren't women included working on health care plan? Women 50% population, 80% health decisions. I'm appalled GOP thinks so little of us.
The mandate is the most un-American legislation ever passed since the country's founding. Being taxed for being born is wrong.PERIOD. Repeal
Quit obstructing @RandPaul
AGIMI=  Am Glad I Missed It.   

Rand Paul Kentucky 9,5781 .0% 58,1270. 20% 1   0.0%   

Your primary results 0.0 % of delegates GO  AWAY
Because he knows his own state of Kentucky would be decimated under current governnor, as would many others.
How brave of you...FaceBook live(?)
Your logic4Healthcare sickplans& healthyplans.If that worked 
Why can't I get theCarInsurance
4Drivers with No Car Accidents?
I'll wait...
Senator Paul; I never would have thought you would have allowed the government to take out guns away! DOJ says you have!
Rand Paul and Chuck Schumer are in the same Government Party. They sound different but their results are the same, obstruct President Trump!
Help Tump repeal & replace please so many of us that r forced to buy insurance we can't afford or use
BS Val. You just want to head to the ER and let the rest of us foot the bill because you're irresponsible.
I work in a hospital ! I cannot afford to go to the Er that I work in deductible too high doesn't cover anything.
and you sounded just as moronic as ever.
@ Dems don't care what's in  Obama Bill except name for http://legacy.call  new bill obama replacement healthcare an Dems go with it lol
We need to get your version in front of more people asap
Your argument is that essentially you're disappointed that not enough sick and old people will die because #muhfreedom
http://www.thebrodcastbooth.com/time-to-shitcan-obamacare/ …
BFD......
It was really informative. No one is clearly stating what the 3 step process is that includes HHS + The congress + executive orders.= Repeal
Just another insecure attention junkie  with daddy issues...and emulating mccain Cant stay away from a camera. A disgrace with NO SHAME
you need to stop obstructing the chance to put it on the floor. " we know you love your welfare money. but 20 trillion debt.
#Hi Rand #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe Wouldn't limiting health insurance companies to Catastrophic Care only solve most our HC problems?
I appreciate your efforts but don't think the current republican party has the will to fight. We need strict term limits to instill focus.
Turn all health care over to hospitals.  Get the insurance companies and government out of the business.
Talk to someone who works at a hospital. Hospitals ripping off the system more than anyone!
Hope you're a holdout on the health care bill.
@SenateMajLdr said today all they'd be voting on was to take issue up....amendments hammered out later. Why holdout?
Oh brother, this is NOT a townhall #doyourjob! #townhallNOW
If I acknowledge your southern politeness will you stop trying to dismantle my health care?
Hes from Pennsylvania

Thank you Rand for standing up for liberty! God bless you sir
You need to confront the so call moderate republican traitors who are refusing to repeal the disaster Obamacare
