Why can't you decide on the Medicare for all proposal that Bernie Sanders made? That seems like it would work the best.
It wouldn't work out best for the ppl that pay for it... We want the govt totally out of the healthcare business!
I'm on Medicare - it works for me - I can use any doctor in any place and my husband fills his prescriptions without issues.
I certainly understand your point. Our govt has made promises to those of us that are approaching retirement and those promises must be
kept. Retirees have made plans for this to be in place and we must honor our word. Going forward, we can't afford to continue these programs
The govt programs in conjunction with their partners, insurance companies, create scarcity in every industry they touch. This leads to
higher prices and longer wait times for these services. We need govt out of industry, especially healthcare.
What do you recommend?
Senator. Pretend ALL AMERICANS are State or Federal employees allow to buy into those same health plans/rates. We are special too....
Just repeal.  The market will take care of the replacement.
If the Dems won't help fix it then let it die a little at a time until they are forced to help!  After all the Dems own it!!! 
It's a lie that Obamacare is in a death spiral. #fact
Tell that to the 97 counties in Iowa
And Obama unconstitutionally ordered the torture of an American citizen openly on us soil the president Trump has not stopped that
You might be a Republican if you don't care how many poor folks die because of lack of access to healthcare.
And that's what I have learned fm sen Paul.  Cotton really failed cause he would not straight talk to "we the people". That is REQUIRED.
Come on Sen Paul. You never  vote for anything. Negative all the time. U can't have it all. What a pain u are...
Repeal Obamacare or eliminate taxpayer subsidies of it.  We don't need more entitlement programs in US.
Once you allocate funds to the states, the states will immediately impose "budget cuts" and guess what will be cut first?
Quit grandstanding and do something about the problem.
@Rand....let obama care go broke THEN SEE HOW VOTERS FEEL. .... people like you will feel their raft
GOP is done if they screw the elderly. Period
@RandPaul >> get your sh*t together. There is no perfect bill. Obstructing and stalling!
Why not just go back to what we had before Obamacare???
Obamacare is a disaster, as were the last 8 disastrous years under Obama's Administration, thank God for President Trump, God gave us Trump!
....supporting our beloved President Trump, whom we love very much & who is doing a fabulous, terrific, superb, outstanding job! Trump 2020!
No wonder you didn't win for President, you are clueless as to what the American people want !!  Stop being an obstructionist & start.....
Is that anything like the death panels? Fake news!
@KellyannePolls @SpeakerRyan REPUBLICANS ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR SO CALLED "DEATH SPIRAL"
Get government out of healthcare! Problem solved.
Keep up the good fight Dr. Paul!
Get rid of what you can now then let it die by keeping other plans out of the exchanges.
Propose amendments and a revised version then @RandPaul ... otherwise you're just prolonging and enabling the disaster that is Obamacare!
Get rid of it altogether!!!!!!!
#GOP incapable of agreeing on a health care plan with only 7 years to prepare....
By all means, let Obamacare fail! Maybe then I will have choices and negotiate my own policy, once DC gets out of Insurance business.
How about we take ideas from students, countrymen, friends, doctors, pharms; anyone that has an idea. Ask and it shall be given u.
But it is what garbage criminal Trump wants !!!!
Think of what you could've accomplished if you had worked to fix ACA instead of taking out your dislike of Obama on Americans!
@FoxNews @RandPaul then repeal it get the damn tax reform and corporate tax  done or will there be an excuse for that
Fox News caused the death spiral of the Republican Party.  Good riddance.
Just a clean repeal of the unaffordablecare act.
Affordable Health Care needed help. Can't U hear people? But no you keep saying this is what Ppl voted 4 & want. Lie & more lies.Stop & FIX
No bailouts.
You always oppose any plan they have rand paul
@limbaugh @AnnCoulter There may be some financial gain f/ govt run health care initially, quality care is only obtained in a free market.
@LouDobbs @mobrowse There may b some financial gain f/ govt run health care initially, but quality care can only b obtained in free market.
Free market only needed
smart people want healthcare! what good is a mc donald's job when you are too sick to work
Repeal it and then both parties work together. I'm sick and tired of hearing my way or the highway from both parties
#StandWithRand
GOP rhetoric misleading. Your group plan idea is great in theory but w/out regs what prevents adverse selection???
But you COULD fix it if you weren't so hellbent on R&R.   
Why don't you explain to the GOP & quit talking on TV & twitter about it. I don't want to see your limelight. Be a team player for once!
Rand you want to keep Obamacare???? That is crazy! You are not unemployed, 62 years old - I have to pay $1000 per month to have insurance!
If you Politicians would spend half the time working on America's problems as you spend on Twitter, maybe you would get something done.
Boo
Great tweet & all should understand. The Senate bill doesn't fix any part of OCare. It merely gives your tax $ to ins cos so they survive.
No it just simply takes it away from everyone
As a american citizen,I am calling for all americans to stop working .
Sick of subsidizing the LAZY able bodied and the healthcare industries! Sick of ILLEGALS getting FREE benefits on the backs of taxpayers!
The only death spiral it includes would be the 208,500 people that would simply die as a result:
Why now? What happened during the seven years to repeal & replace?
If Obamacare is a "death spiral" ask people with existing conditions whose lives were saved by it
Repeal it .. can have vote this no problem.
I don't fully understand what the death spiral actually is and I don't believe I am alone on this.
The Right has sabotaged the ACA and now they want to pass their cruel bill even when the health industry is against it. Fools!
.@RandPaul Plz talk to president. Forget #RINOMcCain Get Heathcare bill passed or don't go home in August. We need relief from #Obamacare
Doesn't sound good
Republican's R not smart enough 2 realise they can fix death spiral without repeal
Get on board Rand or lose your seat
Republican "bettercare" healthcare plan is the same as #ObamaCare. It is not even close to #repeal. 
https://twitter.com/Federalists_USA/status/878526889471516672 …
Ok RP what's your plan, all I hear from you is this plan want work
It doesn't even subsidize it well
Great idea!  We'll spend our way out of a $20 trillion hole!
It just postpones the pain until after 2018 and 2020 elections.

#wealthcare
Just because your crazy ass says something doesn't mean it's true, Rand. Listen to what we the people want.
America doesn't want our tax dollars subsidizing Insurance companies. We voted against that. Free and open market. No taxes. Full access.
Agree
Just watched u on face the nation and agree with ur plan to allow any groups to b formed for health care... no more $$ to the insurance co!
REPEAL Obamacare NOW!  My Body, My Choice!  Get government out of healthcare NOW!  MAGA 
That must mean you don't think Planned Parenthood, Medicaid, or Medicare should receive government funding.  Can't have it both ways.
I'm a democrat who works in health care. Please continue to say No to this GOP health plan BUT I like ur ideas on how to fix keep pushing
I was surprised by the intelllect @RandPaul and I agree,insurance companies are making out like Bandits,while the American people get reamed
Repeal then replace. Do your jobs for a change!
Seriously, pull yourself together & support HC Bill. You had no issue w gov't bailing out businesses in many situations. UR the death spiral
@FoxNews @RandPaul Sen Paul you will singlehandedly destroy the Republican party in the Senate.
& it STILL exempts legislators from being in the "new plan" they're inflicting on all of us. If it's so great, @GOP @DNC need to use it to!
If they stopped lying abt it ObamaCare COULD WORK if they tweeked it. TrumpCare costs will be even higher, cheats elders, gives rich MONEY.
Rand Paul helping extreme liberals
@FoxNews @RandPaul  Repeal it. regular ppl can't afford it & drs don't accept it. The govt can't subsidize everyone!
Rand needs to go,vote him out when midterms come,
Then fix it after discussing and talked ng not on the TV Mr Senator that is what you have done in 10 years
Remember, Rand Paul wanted to be President.  He does not want to fix Obamacare.  Just repealing it will not fix it.  Replacing it will.
FakeNewsSunday
Repeal Obamacare and stay out of it. You all have no business running a free market system by legislation.
Let it die
Repealing was promised.  1 year to get new plan or goes back to before ACA like it never happened.
I am a Republican & I can tell you this, you have the house, the senate & the presidency.  You already own health care.  Fix it.
Thank you, Senator.  REPEAL was what was promised by ALL Republican Congress.  Just do it.
Repubs.afraid of re-election reprisal!  But this is the promise they were elected on!!  Gotta do the hard part, kill Obamacare!
Just repeal the damn thing. Enough pandering to lazy people. We still have Medicaid & Medicare for the truly unfortunate.
gop hcare repeals mandates and restores choice, decentralizes mcaid...that is significant and takes control of hcare to gop.
Do NOT reward the insurance industry, they make billions anyway! Stop the pharmaceutical industry unfair as many medicines are way too high!
Get rid of Obamacare now! What the F is wrong with you politicians!  Are you so corrupt that you can't make deals in the people's favor!
Politicians are out for their pocketbook not any thing else!  They should have had a bill ready they had many years to get one together!
You mean Ocare committed suicide? I thought it was on life support. Therefore it sinned!
A bandaid on a sucking chest wound is not a permanent treatment. Repeal the mess and present a better plan that reduces costs.
We as the citizens of the United States of America are tired of paying for stuff that we do not want. Quit wasting our money
Cant trust republicans or democrats to fix healthcare
I know this sounds trivial but why is there no dental care in any of this.  Isn't that part if health?
Does anyone else out there think it's far more important than Viagra?
That is a lie.
Nomoresubsidies!! Tired of supporting 51%of those who contribute nothing!! No1 should bon state$$ if able bodied including single mothers.
But the democrats say Obamacare was just fine
Stop lying #RandPaul ! http://tinyurl.com/y992hyvq  
#ACA #AHCA #healthcare #Trumpcare #Resist #resistance #womenshealth #AARP #PlannedParenthood
if you are in medical field why are they nit listening to you?
Bc they don't care about opinion of Drs. Only what's best for politicians and their own pocket.
this is such crap - is Washington really so inept they can't fix anything? Done w/ all of them!
As long as their is an individual mandate, it is "#Obamacare". Any changes, while leaving that intact, is just a different version of #ACA
Rand Paul (R) calls Trump a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag
He is!
