The Secret Service and Feds need to start doing their job & shut down the active promotion of violence against Republicans & Conservatives.
Maybe republicans need to stop attacking the poor & people who need health insurance &  decent wages.Maybe then the GOP wouldn't be targets.
We're people shooting at democrats because thousands and thousands and THOUSANDS die each year bc they can't afford healthcare?
Sorry!  What?
All our money goes to wars our last dem president and his dem SOS started and/or continued.  Do they deserve it too?
You are highly uninformed. W started those wars, Obama got us out of the majority of them. The GOP loves war because it makes money.
Where the fuck have you been?  Syria?? Libya???
It makes Dems money too.  You're blinded by their party games.  That's sad.
Maybe you should rethink allowing mentally ill people to purchase guns and banning assault rifles. HYPOCRITE
This anti-republican bashing has got to stop and I blame first the democratic politicians who "feed" the public with this hatred. Must stop!
Senator, please lead the movement and beg our friends on the left to tone down the rhetoric.  The anti-Trump hysteria must stop.
Trump is an idiot.  How do you not see that?
Oh, well then never mind.  
And that would have prevented this how?
Obviously it wouldn't have. But violent gunmen don't last long when people shoot back (as was the case here).
That's my point - it would not have.
Was he a legal gun owner?
The armed police there couldn't stop it-I live in a c/c state-no one running on a baseball field practicing would be holding a handgun.
People in the bleachers would though. This always happens in gun free zones though.
With what? A peashooter sidearm? Most people carrying them can't hit my barn at 100 yards.
These acts of violence are terrible. It's time to have a frank discussion on gun reform
On the shooting.. You mean that LESBIAN policewomen who saved your asses even though your Party things people like her should be liquidated?
"Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!" You still say this?
Now, the shooter was obviously wrong and I'm glad he was caught and you unharmed. But your previous tweet to @Judgenap is quite telling.
At the end of the day, this insane, deranged shooter actually seems to have utilized your own viewpoint for his cause. Scary, no?
I'm guessing that this won't get you to change your mind and that you'll somehow say that your very own view wasn't the same basis, though.
I wish all of the Congressmen, aids, staff, and bystanders safety and good health. But those words you wrote are fairly haunting, Rand.
At the end of the day, we need to keep guns like this away from the deranged. @realDonaldTrump , is it time for the gun debate, yet?

.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Oops.
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
So Rand, do you still think it's a good idea for people to "shoot at the government" under the 2nd Amendment?
Bobby is a fool. Violence is not predicated on opposing views, unless you are a radical buffoon with no sense of morals.
What can we do about this to make sure it never happens again?
Yes...what could we do? 

Gun control? 
GOP says, "Nah..."

Access to Healthcare? 
GOP says, "Why?"

Human decency?
GOP: 
You have access to healthcare. Just requires you to pay for the service
Everyone has "access" to a Mercedes too, it doesn't mean they can afford one. I have great health ins. but feel for those who can't afford.
Healthcare is a service that should be paid for. We were fine before gov intervention
Before govt intervention,people were going bankrupt because pre-existing conditions weren't covered when they switched jobs.
So if I decide to educate myself for 12 years on healthcare to provide for the public, I have no right to start my own business 1/2
Here's the thing: doctors still get paid under ACA, nobody is prevented from getting paid or making a living. Your talking point is broken.
If only you had a gun
. Ladies & Gentlemen on this weeks edition of #TweetsAgingPoorly its Senator Rand Paul on the 2nd Amendment:
Where is the tyranny?

.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
GOD BLESS YOU AND KEEP YOU SAFE RAND! 
YOU ROCK. 
PRAYERS FOR THOSE WHO WERE INJURED AND ESPECIALLY SCALISE!
AP is now reporting Scalise is in critical condition.
FOX JUST REPORTED SAME...
Damn it. Damn it all to hell.
OH BOY THEYRE PLAYING FOOTAGE OF THE SHOOTING ON FOX....BUT IM IN OTHER ROOM. NOT SURE IF AUDIO OR VIDEO.
It's both.  Wow.
was it...oh shit. Im sure theyll replay it after. I missed it all. Not that i really dig seeing that kind of footage though.
Limited view, but still wow.  Guy was laying on ground behind home plate maybe, shooting thru gap in tarps. Gunfire all around, really loud
Your talking points dovetail with NRA merch. No coincidence. Incitement against gov't sells guns. @nytimes @washingtonpost
Prayer is a great accuse for doing nothing! We need stronger gun laws! When?
Keep up the great work gop! Let's NOT have gun control!
What new gun law would have prevented or even stopped this? OPEN CARRY!
You can donate to the Coalition to Stop Gun Violence right here

You Tweet from a year ago
Glad you are all right. But time to re-think your whole "shooting at government is good" mentality.
Do stand by your belief that #2ndAmendment #2nd is for shooting at government?
"Oh, I didn't mean at *me."  Who did you mean, then, Senator Paul?
U all need to be carrying protection as do the rest of us if we choose to do. Second amendment. Without Scalise's police u wud all B dead.
I hope that your stance on gun control has evolved since last year.
'Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!' - Rand Paul 6/23/16
This is a great comment. Regardless of your position on gun rights or this incident, it certainly forces you to think.
Surely @RandPaul supports this kind of thing? 
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Against the British empire. Not cowardly attacks on unarmed democratically elected representatives. Does this really need to be explained?
but that's not what he says. He's not talking about the American Revolution, he tweeted that in 2016.
Were any of those representatives or staff members being tyrinical?
Yes. They are trying to take away healthcare.
AHCA is a bad bill because it does not put in place enough radical reforms to transition our healthcare system to one that lowers costs
But to insinuate that those in support of it are intentionally trying to cause people to lose their healthcare is disingenuous.
I can't decide if you're trolling, high, or just stupid.

The politics of intolerance and hate result in complete polarization. Done destroying the middle east, now do the same here?
Any chance we might see some common sense gun control with bipartisan support now? Or is this the wrong time to ask?
I mean, DC is already a "gun free zone" it's amazing that a crazy criminal ignored the law!
I am sure it was terrifying. Imagine how 26 first graders and adults felt that tragic morning in Newtown. And you brushed it aside. Shameful
I am a 62 year old grandma who will loose her insurance because my rates will increase so much under this bill. Please say no to this bill.
ok I know u don't want more entitlements but u figure out they way to get this GOP health bill passed

Where is the tyranny?
I dunno ask @RandPaul. Perhaps the psycho that shot at the baseball practice thinks the same way and Thought the GOP is being tyrannical.
Perhaps, we'd have to ask the shooter. But I doubt Rand Paul thinks Rand Paul is a tyrant.
I doubt he thinks that way as well. But he does believe that it is constitutional to shoot the Government if you find them tyrannical.
u be off your Rocker man
I sure hope he does.
some writings of the founders. I suggest Thomas Jefferson to start. I promise you can learn alot. Now if you have read them and still
a radical Muslim shot up the gay club. Is that defending against tyranny? No that's just as nutty as Tim McVeigh blowing up ok city
Where is your statement about all the other random shootings that happened so far today? Why just this one?
That is too good of an idea. It might take away tax dollars from something important like trump golf excursions #sarcasm
Words matter!
Indeed they do. So, where is the tyranny?
Your condolences to Steve Scalise is great and all, Rand, but you did kinda... you know... said... this.   #Truth #Guns
came for the colonists guns. Founders believed they had a right to keep and bear them to defend from tyrannical government not to
"Why do we have a Second Amendment? It’s not to shoot deer. It’s to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!" YOU, June 23, 2016
Agreed!!!!!
#guncontrol #GunControl #SpinelessGOP #SpinelessRepublicans #GOPcomplicit #TrumpDumbestPresidentEver #TrumpRussia #TrumpKushnerCrimeFamily
I pray 4 their recovery & safety...but I pray that you will realize that as drugs r 2 the drug problem, guns r 2 gun murders.  No separation
And knives, trucks, cars, axes, poisons, bombs, bats, bare hands , ropes etc
Once u get the usual NRA BS package open, try reality instead, based on viable information taken from large studies. GC wrks internationally
Your globalist study leaves ok the fact that when you take away guns. Guns are still used along with many other common weapons like vehicles
Look at numbers! Ur stupid argument is saying 'if it doesn't reduce murder rate to zero, let's not impact it at all'. US rate is excessive
I am glad he was an anti-gun nut, not someone qualified with the weapon.
Glad you are safe Senator Paul. Prayers for all.
Prayers 4 recovery. You all have sat there while left has brought this upon our country from constant rhetoric.The Dems, Left&MSM-FIGHT BACK
We have a society that loves violence led by most politicians.
When government gets too comfortable, these things happen.
Concern & prayers...  Someone "off their rocker", or "on the edge" can be pushed to extremes by all this "Hate Speech" from Leftist media!
You fueled the anger with your tweet .@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government.
As you continue to degrade the rights of actual Americans for political agenda driven Immigration you walk us down a path much like this
Will you now recognize the reeducation of our children and all Americans the denial of our right to exist has consequences much like this
Don't keep score at tomorrow's game.
Your statement before this shooting ->
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
But Rand, wasn't that shooter simply following your safe advice???

@CaptainChaosX Like praying ever helped anyone.
So sorry Rand so sorry you n them don't deserve this Thank God your ok sad day shocked..
We should pay for and issue guns for all government employees who are willing to take initial training and recurrent training.
Can you get McCain and Graham to retire or at least shut up!
Come on! This is not the time for that! @RandPaul

Comforting message for your fellow Congressme, Senators. Why Republican staff? It is very alerting. Be safe & God bless.
Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical! - Senator Rand Paul
I'm very thankful you & so many others were unharmed. Prayers for all who were wounded.
Sorry for the scary incident. Lucky the injured party wasn't worse off Now if this happened to me healthcare would be an issue VOTE NO #AHCA
Being able to conceal your weapon and having a weapon on you doesn't prevent something like this it just stops it after it's already happen
Here's what you tweeted last year
God bless you and all are ok.
So are you part of the tyrannical government now?
Thank God for your safety. We pray nightly w/ our children for the protection of our leaders and for our beloved President.
Since Republicans are against Universal Health Care, I'm sure they're  all praying for Mr Scalise's recovery

.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Don't scare me like that Rand!
GOP needs to do some soul searching; 1st Trump allows mentally ill to have guns & you promoted exactly what happened today with a tweet
Also glad you are safe and hope that all who were injured recover quickly.
So... Would this mean the#GOP have become tyrannical?
STOP SELLING RIFLES TO ANY MANIC.  IT'S A START!
I wish you had not encouraged the mindset that our grievances with Government should be solved by gun violence. You definitely did so. Why?
The high road is praying that those injured get well soon. Partisan politics belong elsewhere, sorry not everyone needs to go low
Please use this senseless act to advance the idea of common sense gun legislation among your colleagues.
Senator Paul you are a good man and we admire you

@nbcwashington yes pray. Don't actually take any physical action like
Common sense gun control. Just pray. Let god sort it out.
I appreciate your statement, thank God for your safety and continue to pray for your safety daily. Godspeed patriot.
This is EXACTLY why EVERY American citizen must learn to handle/respect firearms, and why EVERY willing American should carry a firearm.
Are you okay? You looked very shaken. Be well.
Now u can see the threat from YOUR words re the second amendment??? NOW?
Reminder: you and the rest of the @GOP created the atmosphere that led to this. Bundy ranch, Malheur, threats to Dem candidates.
If you want things to be different, fix yourselves and make amends for your past actions that created this atmosphere.
Now I'm confused.
Don't be. The Republicans a
aren't oppressing anyone.
Who gets to decide that? If Paul believes in violent revolution against tyranny, who's the final authority on when a gov becomes tyrannical?
God Bless you, Senator Paul and God Bless the injured.
CNN and the rest of the hateful, hysterical media have blood on their hands.
Maybe you'd feel different if he was shooting at you.
Sensible gun laws now
Most people in this country do not have the police "protecting them" like you and your fellow politicians do.  Let that soak in a bit. UGH!
Capitol Hill police officers bravery and decisive action saved lives . They should be proud everyday but especially today . Outstanding job
Too ad Paul Ryan wasn't there
People read advice like this and act on it. Don't give it anymore, okay?
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
next time exercise ur 2nd A right
Open &Conceal carry

@RepDaveBrat @tedcruz @RepMoBrooks @RepThomasMassie @NRA @GunOwners @AWRHawkins @OANN
Glad you are safe. Son lives in Louisville.
You, 6/23/16 "Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!"
Who was the shooter?
Here's  thought at tomorrow's game half of you switch teams show us you can work together @CNN @NancyPelosi @FoxNews @POTUS
Too Protect and Serve #BackTheBlue
Yours was the #most
when it becomes tyrannical!

@MSNBC I guess the gunman exercised his 2nd amendment right lol. 2nd amendment remedy???? Lol  karma!!!!
Glad your safe
My thoughts and prayer with you all being affected by this .WE would not be happy not having you, need you to stay with us Kentuckians.
So glad you are ok!
This is a thoughtful response, thank you.

Glad you weren't hurt.
Every day, I take the risk of being shot by going to a grocery store, or an event. We dont have police assigned to us for protection!!!!
Agree with the prayer part of the tweet.  I find it ridiculous, but happy with the other part of the tweet.
Very glad you and all the others are safe. God bless you and good luck tomorrow.

.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
I'm glad you're safe!
EXTREMELY sorry you & others had horrific experience, shared vicariously with your personal account. Unacceptable, unAmerican, need unity
Bravo senator republican strong 
Definitely praying.
hey does this negate the violence you call for prefiously?  We'll wait for a response tick tock
I was shocked that you were caught up. Thankful that you are okay. If you ever come to Australia, I'll buy you a beer
How about the mass shootings that happen EVERY DAY around our country?????? Huh?
Please put out another speech about leftist violence, encouraged for years by Obama & Lynch... their hatred is intolerable.
Sen. Paul, I'm glad you are all OK.  Life is precious which is why our leaders must doing moral & ehtical job to make humanity better...
Your statement has nothing to do with the problem which is 300+ million guns in America & you & GOP want more!
you must be pissed off at this guy!
God bless you Rand
God bless you sir.
So thankful that u r ok physically.  I think u should take the rest of the day off n collect ur thoughts. U fam will appreciate it.
But wait, aren't those, wait for it, GOVERNMENT WORKERS? thought that they were the big bad boogie men.
I'm truly grateful that no one was killed. Prayers are with everyone during this difficult time!
Praying!
Oh! I guess this only applies during the Obama administration.  You politicians are something else.
Senator Paul is this failed mass killing the result of MSM? Should congress hold hearing's?
Congress doesn't need hearings, they need to together as Americans
I'm sure the shooter is grateful to you for working so hard for his 2nd amendment rights.
Because of you and your republican friends/machine guns are fine. This is on you.
Many more would have died if the shooter used a silencer to "protect his hearing"
This is sarcasm, right?
You were able to run away.  The children at Sandy Hook did not have that opportunity.  Imagine their fear, what they saw
How about releasing a statement about why you and Senator Lee support #Putin and not #America.
Karma when you go down the wrong road
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Prayers to you all all...extra prayers daily for the injured!!!
i'm so confused.
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Remember this? Was he taking your tweet to heart?
.@Judgenap: Why do we have a Second Amendment? It's not to shoot deer. It's to shoot at the government when it becomes tyrannical!
Thank you Senator for your service.
Gun laws now!!!
sounds like to me, you advocated for this...
Glad you're ok!!!!
I thought this was your statement:
I guess someone was reading your tweet and took it to heart. Think about what you write on social media. Shameful.
Ok, seriously:
Trumps' Campaign was based on fear and hatred. He planted it deep. Now seeds are growing up and everyday is a harvest of hate
Prayers to all,glad you are safe
