Obamacare just needs to be gotten rid of. Then turn the free market out there to get prices down.
We never should have had government healthcare
They just need to quit spending our money on failed big government bills. Repeal first
Well then you should all be fired
Looks like some independents will finally get elected to replace the grafters who failed the American People.
Accept the ppl coming due in 18 are not the problem
Until something actually gets done, they are all the problem. And 1 of them is from my state and she is a problem.
I suspect he doesn't realize his own power in the Exec Dept.  As for Congress, I dare them not to repeal ACA, because we will vote them out
I think your right on that. Makes me even madder that even repubs won't assist him for the god of the country.

Is not about the people's healthcare the Republicans are concerned, it's only to keep the majority in government.
Rand Paul 2020
Nothing like the @GOP to put their fingerprints on a bad bill and breath life into the Dems. Idiots
Bad news!
Then I'm not paying taxes for that shit.
@RandPaul is only real Conservative left!


You keep on telling the TRUTH Senator Paul. Throw it in the Reps face. If they don't do a Clean Repeal. And tell them join the Dems.
Guess you might as well kiss your seat goodbye
Rand Paul is right. Repeal! Take about a year to get the replacement right.
Another Lifers RINO that needs to be BOOTED OUT of office. TERM LIMITS
@RandPaul if you vote against new HC bill. We will still have Obamacare.Doesnt seem you have a solution.get it done
I used to think you had guts. With time, Now I see that you want it your way only. You're not a team player. It's your way or NO way. Rand!
You ran on FULL REPEAL we voted for you on that promise! You will not get the chance to lie to us in 2018 #WeThePeople promise!
If the GOP keeps Obamacare, get ready for a land-slide win for the Democrats in the Mid-term elections 2018!!!
If they repeal it look forward a Democratic landslide. Too many people need it. Just fix it.
Truth is Obamacare's deductible is so high, folks forced 2 have it, don't need it cause the deductible amount covers 99.9% of most dr visits
No we're not are you crazy. OMG another Senator just trying to get attention this is crazy
WTF?
Repeal, and open to free market.
We need to get rid of redneck Jesus freaks.  To hell with Dixie.
We need to stick guns and Bibles where the sun don't shine.  Science over fairy tales.
LIARS LIARS LIARS
Stop filling your pockets and kissing big Pharma and repeal and move forward. Unite the party stop fighting!
Help us put Austin Petersen @AP4Liberty in the senate and we'd have more ammo against these sorts of problems.
Want more freedom ? There's an AP for that ..... @AP4Liberty
That's why we need @AP4Liberty #AP4Senate  http://fireclaire.net  #MOSEN #MOFreedom #RobertsRooms @FN4AP
Rand Paul-Vote President #2024
Thank YOU @RandPaul for everything you are trying to achieve and get accomplished for the American people!
@RandPaul need some backup? #TheresAnAPforThat @AP4Liberty is on the way!
@AP4Liberty will fight that.
GOP needs to be taken back by the people. @AP4Liberty is the guy for it. Rand needs a copilot to get ACA repealed. #AP4Senate
Missouri needs to #FireClaire and elect @AP4Liberty to join Republicans like @RandPaul to #RepealObamacare.

http://FireClaire.net 
#MOSEN
Need a Liberty-minded senator from Missouri? There's an AP for that... @AP4Liberty #MOSEN
Need another @RandPaul in the senate! We need @AP4Liberty !!
And make sure you, Rand Paul, acknowledge YOUR role in the Republican Majority Cluster Flock!
Noooooooooo!!!!!!!!
@RandPaul cannot do this alone. Thankfully, @AP4Liberty is on his way to assist. #MOSEN #AP4Senate
We have to get @AP4Liberty into office in MO to help @RandPaul. We need better! We need this guy in office. #MOSEN
This country can not afford to continue with Obamacare. We can't take the taxes or Medicaid payments. Do your job.
In an interview he unwittingly argued for single payer. Poor can't afford, disabled and so who does? No regulation of drug prices/markets;-)
Good let it implode in Schumer n Pelosi hands.
The republicans are pansies!!!!
@limbaugh @LouDobbs Rand Paul is modern day Paul Revere warning Americans GOP is not keeping their promise regarding Repeal of Obamacare!
Can anyone in our corrupt government listen to @RandPaul
They don't even listen to the American People.... we need to Vette our reps strictly and monitor them hold them accountable.
@RandPaul It's impossible to repeal & replace a broken Government Run HC system with one vote.  This is ONLY a START in the right direction.
So the congress is going to let Obama care implode taking our economy with this failed socialist experiment.  What are you people thinking.
ME TOO
#DrainTheSwamp
What did you expect when the same swamp of donors/lobbyist who wrote Obamacare is writing the replacement. Paradigm hasn't changed 1-2
2-2 it's not healthcare it's insurance care based to maximize profits not healthcare to care for the sick and needy.
Just REPEAL the damn thing...stick to your guns Rand
How do you take away an entitlement?
That's not what the American people wanted that's why they voted President Trump. Instead of crooked Hillary.
THAT IDIOT GETS FREE HEALTH CARE WHILE AMERICAN'S SUFFER
Dear @RandPaul but of course they are. The lobbyist on K Street wrote the bill. @RepMarkMeadows
I can't hit the  because this isn't full REPEAL
#repealobamacare
#FullRepeal Able bodied recipients of Medicaid should work to receive benefits. $1,400 a month with a $5,000 deductible is not affordable
I will be supporting conservative independents from now on. And I will pass this BS to my Republican friends!
@tempteststorm2 Sen Paul start somewhere. U can amend it. PASS the BILL. U can't take freebies away. Like   taking presents back. Give take
So no problems paying hundreds of billions for military to keep us safe but paying to keep us safe health wise isn't a right?Next epidemic?
Was a heritage foundation plan to begin with.Obviously,it was ok until Obama used it.It's better than any trump care plan,work together kids
Say it isn't so.  
Feel like idiots yet republican voters? Vote third party, your vote is " wasted " voting how you do anyway!
Then CONGRESS needs to be forced to have this fecal material coverage as well!
No!!!! Traitors!
What a joke bunch of senators! Can't figure this out after all these years of Obamacare!
The government can't afford Obamacare! How will they pay for this?
I guess no tax cuts, no new tax laws, and taxes are going up or new ones will be levied!
Now what? Pump billions to keep it afloat?!
Please REPEAL 0Care!Thats what @POTUS & @VP ran on and what WeThePeople want! McConnell&Ryan R Do-Nothing globalists harming Potus @LouDobbs
Put congress on it - then the people might believe it. No special exemptions for congress. Promises made & promises broken. No surprise here
To get their views instead of these out of touch politicians know nothings.
That's right 7 years Paulie Ryan talking I got the plan.. We get nothing. Did they bring doctors, ins execs. People in the know in?
Are they the same as Hillary's?
Looks like promises are not kept. FULL REPEAL want to keep the tax - figures
Shame on @GOP. Traitors @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan
What more could we exect? Losers, each and every one. They will feel the heat come midterms. We will put ppl in their place. Good riddance.
NOOOOOOOO!!!!!!! REPEAL THE DAMN THING LIKE YOU PROMISED. I hope you weasels get thrown out of office!!!!
When @RandPaul compares Health Insurance to buying an iPhone, he loses all moral right to comment on this bill.
Price did not go down before the ACA. Can't remember a year when they ever have.
I'm going to trust that @realDonaldTrump would veto that bill.
You'd be wrong, they'll call it repeal and replace and he'll sign it in a heartbeat
Good. Now fix it.
Our congress and senate is full of ball-less liars.

Time to vote all the RINOs out of office.
THIS IS WHAT NEEDS TO HAPPEN !!!    AND GOVERNMENT NEEDS TO GET OUT OF THE HEALTHCARE BUSINESS !!!!
the dumbocrats will all be in prison by then ...not to worry
Gee Rand are you that naaive, This is about gov control and people in gov love control and power, 1 term solution vote all out dems and reps
Select Repub's are selling us out again keep the fight 4 Repeal & Replace Good luck 2 the resistance RINOS 2018 BO-lite not what we voted 4
Feckless bunch of phonies!! DRAIN THE SWAMP!!!
I am so finished with the GOP.
#Libertarian until they all get voted out!
What a sham. I've was naive for too long. No more.
NO Repeal!
Mad as hell...
Fools cant get out of their own way.
Boo!!!
VETO!
We must repeal. No more money for Insurance Companies. None. They must make there own money!
That was when they knew it would get vetoed.
Repub congress, senate has let us down...again...promised complete repeal...I am so disgusted with Repubs, and sick of Russia,Russia..
LOL, IF THIS TRUE it will be another turn over of Republican ranks at the next elections. The people of America paying bills are sick of BS.
FOOLS.
I never doubted it with 47% of people on the gov boob. It was the only thing Romney was right about
"They." Aren't you a Republican, Senator?
Yes he's just not a rino,so he is correct, it's they
But we are stuck with a healthcare program thanks to Obama. We never should have had one to start with. So! do Something
Tell me this is a joke
The joke is how upset people are that we weren't able to trade in a sack of dog feces for s sack of cat feces.
.How much did George Soros pay them?
Thank you for your honesty.  Please keep fighting because it doesn't work for hard working tax payers!  REPEAL!!
We the People are looking forward to #StaycationNov18 when we reflect back on all the broken promises and the demise of GOP. Good times....
If they keep obamacare
There will be an uproar worse than they could ever imagine.  The death of the democratic party will be their own hand
republicans only stood for repeal when repeal wasn't possible. Good luck in the mid terms.
Looks like we should keep #Obamacare let it crash & burn devastating millions and watch them rise up with arms against those responsibe.
Repeal And replace Obamacare. What the hell is wrong with u people
They can put lipstick on Obamacare & it will still be a PIG!
GOP elected on repeal NOT repair. I have Ins card, but can't afford health care
@JamesDoss50 @BreitbartNews I am so sick of Rand Paul, Mitch, Ryan, Cruz,Graham, McCain..ETC.   U SOB. We count on U
Which other Senators are standing with you?
Stand tough, Sen. Paul! Grrrr. @SenateMajLdr has GOT to go!! Why in the world didn't the citizens of Kentucky vote him out last election?
There are going to be a lot of write-in votes on my ballots going forward. The GOP is no better than the democrats. 
Rand Paul needs to negotiate instead of writing bitchy editorials.  This is the Art of Not Making a Deal.
Why can't they get this together?!!!
Let's face it, these Republicans that are keeping Obamacare intact are nothing more than Democrats. The swamp is alive and well.
Hope this is bs @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateGOP . If so you have just signed your death warrants for 2018, YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT
Make it the best you can- stop stalling Rand Paul
Rand just can't wait to jump in front of a camera..Disappointed with him..
Pathetic!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
Power, once taken by the State, is rarely relinquished.
@RandPaul @BreitbartNews NO!!!! Repeal & Replace!
Time for Generation X to step up to the plate
Lindsey Graham Paul Ryan John McCain all need voted out
Out with the old in with the new
Yes yes yes,  this proves the incompetence of the Republicans. Time for a conservative take over.  Semper Fi.
Good let it rot let them all rot I'm sick of all them @Italians4Trump @BreitbartNews @mike_pence @POTUS @KellyannePolls @seanhannity
The ACA, was designed to fail. Best replacement would be Medicare paid for like Canada's gst, and private ins. Supplement.
PLEASE!  All true conservatives run for office so we can finally get these disgusting RINOs out of office and save our nation.
Amen!
Well, the ACA Imbedded itself into the fabric of existing laws and social norms. Removing the penalty and requirement is a good start.
Repeal and replace take your time replace it right let people decide companies to have
@hectormorenco time for 3rd party.
No, we just have to replace the @GOP
Republicans are suffering from a spreading illness of ignorance and double dealing.
It's the GOP establishment who are swamp creatures too...it's the states that sucked up Medicaid $    Look at the approval ratings.
2000+pages of traps in obamacare will take longer than a month to unravel to protect the little people the #demacrats stuck it too
One of reasons Trump supporters voted for him ws to get rid of Obamacare and socialized medicine. If this  passed  not vetoed Dems R bk in
Absent #ConsumerFreedomOption we/#MAGAfolks better off with #NOvote @ #RINOcare & #NewTeaParty-#MAGAcoalition #PrimaryingRINOs supporting it
2/ Purpose was 2 eventually transfer costs from employers & accommodate hi unemployment & massive immigration. Note wall was never built.
I agree with you! Politicians care about insurance companies more than they do us. It is a shame!
Rand like Lee is an extremist who doesn't give a shit about PEOPLE who can't afford health care. Fuck him.

1/ O'care was always bipartisan, despite posturing for Republican voters. Both parties ordered 2 decouple health ins from employment.
At least the Marxist party tells us they hate #Liberty , the @GOP pretends to defend it.
We the people don't matter in DC...
Then maybe we shouldn't keep the GOP
this had better not be!  REPEAL EVERY SINGLE WORD, EVERY SINGLE WORD!
Just as Obama and dems hoped for we are headed for socialized medicine. Big government
It was obvious these Republicans NEVER wanted to repeal Obamcare. They are now complicit in the mess.
Omg. These guys have got to go! #votethemout
They are traitors who want to destroy MAGA and everyone knows it.
Obama will come and go. The fight is with the democrats.  That is why this should be called Democrat care since no Republicans voted for it.
They wanted no part of anything Obama wanted, even if some of the ideas were originally from Republicans.
Repeal the RINOs in the primaries. P.S. The GOP has its share of criminals.
Either the @GOP grows a spine or no money and no vote come 2018. Hoping many will get primaried out for ppl with spines
If it's true then Nancy Pelosi will be in Power by end of 2018. The RINOs will have won
Very disappointing.
Your child on Obamacare
Republicans are a waste of time. They do nothing but look pretty and wear some nice perfume
Insurance company bailouts...hmmm....how many Senators have shares in these insurance companies...I wonder??
Yes,they are,thanks to #RandPaul and his pig-headed traitorous horde chaining the first full #Republican majority since1928 to the floor,#PA
Revolution!
GOP has had 8 years to do something.  Tax reform is needed.  ACA repeal is needed.  Get to the table and pound out an  agreement.  Swamp???
They had 8 years settle in to the rotten D.C. Swamp
of course. repubs have talked about improving healthcare coverage for decades, and have NOTHING to show for it. At least obama did something
This is not what America voted for
Yes we did.
