Please vote yes.My 30 yr old grchld w 1 kid paid $902/mo w$5K deduct& it's going up!She goes to emergency rooms for care #ACAUNFAIR #voteyes

Shadup Miss Bot.
Let Ocare fail, then insurance cos will be forced to sell real affordable healthcare policies. Let us buy across state lines! Out of Calif!
Could you have found a less flattering portrait of Pelosi or a more flattering one of Paul? Bias much?
Are you saying you're biased? They both look fine to me.
I’m saying that’s not a flattering pic of Pelosi at all. Looks like someone went out of their way to make her look bad.
Oh look at the duo democrats .. cute.
@RandPaul. I hope to see you showing consistency tomorrow. If you flip-flop and cave, you will hit the end of your career path.
Again. TY @SenRandPauI. Up yours @NancyPelosi and @chucktodd
Nancy Pelosi is Skeletor and I am He-Man. I HAVE THE POWER!!
Nice handle Mr. Dotard
Just call me Dotard.
"Battle" is not over "Health Care" it is over who will provide & regulate Health Insurance & Heath Insurance Laws!
In my  Sean Spicer voice - It's about Barack H. Obama the first African American President of the United States! Period! Racist!

E
If they cannot get the Graham-Cassidy plan passed, move on and just let Obamacare collapse on its own as we know it will.
nancy has placed gender politics before America for decades
Don't ever count on Paul doing the right thing. He'll flip like a pancake 4 his party. All talk. BSing so he won't lose voters that want HC
Oh God, Pelosi,  go away before you a mess up anything else like, California.
Sen. Paul, U don't get it! U can afford not 2 kneel, U R white. Any citizen of our free country has a right to protest. Open your  more!
Nice! They can afford to go out after Graham-Cassidy fails 2 plush club & have a victory cocktail! If they get sick won't turn 2 Obamacare!
The avg. life expectancy in the USA has dropped dramatically since 2008 with Obama taking office. B-4 him it climbed.  R we a 3rd world co?
#Obamacare devastated the #Democrat party. @NancyPelosi screwed Americans to see what was in it. @HillaryClinton pd the price. @SenRandPauI
You are my hero for standing up against this health bill. Others are bending to the will of rich donors who are demanding their tax cuts.
Bending to the rich?? You must have FREE healthcare.
No I don't
I'll bear it just to listen to you Sen. Paul...
Ditto that.
No thanks. Who wants to listen to two Obama tax supporters? I unfollowed Rand today. Done with mandate supporters.
Rand actually wants a full repeal? I'm sorry but where in the world are you getting this misinformation?
That option is NOT on the table. Removing the mandate IS on the table. He'll vote to keep the mandate. He doesn't live under the cluster f!
The bill really isn't much of a difference. We both know this. It might as well be ObamaC lite.
Not true. The mandate removal changes the whole ballgame.
How's that?
People can opt out without punishment of fines.   Imagine that! I would determine whether I think purchasing insurance is worth it.
Let Obama care fail and then let it come up in the mid terms. Americans deserve better than an already used band aid.
Total repeal no replacement get out of our healthcare.
It is a democratic party love inn. 
Why?
Trump liar on MTP today saying pre-exist doesn't change.
Excellent interview @RandPaul !!

BREAKING: North Korea minister says Trump's insult makes `our rocket's visit to the entire US mainland inevitable all the more.'
Sorry I will be watching reruns of Gilligan's Island.
Obama care in Hawaii SUCKS!!! I don't get the care I need and after paying that ridiculous premium every month I can't afford food.
Prayers for Rand as he enters the lion's den!
Ya'll help Nancy with her words.. OK? She's been having troubles.
Must be that govt healthcare
Please do not vote for something based on your "party".....vote for what is right for ALL Americans 
Please vote NO!
Senator Paul should stick to his principles and stay NO.  This needs real debate for the future of the country.
Please vote "NO" on the Graham-Cassidy bill.  It does not serve the   majority of Americans and hurts those who need healthcare most. 

I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
#VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Trump says he will get Rand Paul to change his vote on healthcare (like he did last time).   Kinda sounds like Trump owns Rand Paul
Rands "Last" hurrah. Enjoy it Rand.

Just vote NO and protect your constituents.
So Y did Paul vote on Skinny repeal but not this version of repeal which is much better! Paul plays both sides. Totally inconsistent. Xposed
Read my lips...
@RandPaul, please change your mind & put #ThePeople first by voting NO. The people deserve better than the #GrahamCassidyBill #PoliticsAside

STOP obstructing!  Your all or nothing isn't going to happen, so PLEASE rethink your position.
No way!
#RandPaul with #NancyPelosi ?
And #Chuck?
This speaks volumes.
Do not trust Rand Paul.
Can't wait to hear what Rand has to say. Sure hope it NO!
Sad to see so many Americans STILL believing 501c3 media. Why can't you see?

I #StandWithRand
Which is the dumpster fire emoji?
The Swamp at its best. Rand Paul is as bad as these other charlatans.
Health care for ALL is a necessity but not the gamble/aka @GrahamCasiddy. Bipartisanship is needed to solve this issue.
Health care for ALL is a necessity but not the gamble/aka @GrahamCasiddy. Bipartisanship is needed. WADE DARIUS For Congress
3 peas in pod when it comes to preferring Obamacare over the current bill
Please educate her, Rand. She is such an embarrassment to my state.
He can't help the helpless 
The only one I would listen to is Rand Paul..Nancy little staged  daca thing was staged.
Stand with Rand !!
Running off to the enemy and preening while working Americans suffer and can’t go to the doctor after we pay 500 a month thanks!
Not saying "sell" ur values out but u get 2 sit privileged enjoying healthcare while Obamacare robs doctors of income & provides little care
You can vote against the new bill because you have great healthcare. But you hurt millions of us waiting for a new deal
Rand Paul has become just another media "ho". Anything to get his face on TV--Sorry I voted for him
@RandPaul could be responsible for Americans getting stuck with increasingly higher premiums and deductibles.  Bad deal for America.
Healthcare needs work -- Obamacare is busted -- but wouldn't it be nice if it weren't a battle?
Wow really ,@RandPaul ?
Great - so we can listen to Rand Paul's idea for healthcare which has ZERO support from Dem's or Rebub's. A party of one - what's the point?
Wow. What a great team. A Clown, a RINO & a Purveyor of Fake News. What could possible be wrong with that?
The Three Amigos of Obamacare
You're one negative being We the middle class are struggling from Ocrapacare Please any is better. Pass the new bill & then Repeal & Replace
You are now the obstacle to O care reveal. You.
Please please please vote yes for this bill, please pleeeeaaaase, I’m begging you
Holy chicken crap in the yard. Ran is growing in with Nancy Pelosi Chuck Schumer and John McCain. What a legacy
The swamp.
You are a phony just like the fake news of NBC.
Notify these two that their jobs are on the line. If they don't start doing things for the American people they will be voted out!!!
U r accomplishing NOTHING but cementing Obamacare into law 4 decades!
Rand & McCain (Benedict Arnold) are ensuring Obamacare remains intact!!
You are a shame to the Republican party. You must go
We can fix the bill down the road. I'm sick of pulling the wagon for $1450/mth for a bunch of thankless people who think everything is free.
@RandPaul for Socialized medicine folks. We don't want to watch him on Press The Meat Socialist propaganda.
@RandPaul  Photo op with breakers of the Constitution on Press the Meat. We can see who you are without Trump's tweets.
Sad
Don't care to listen to your bs. Go cozy up with Nancy.
Can we possibly get truth for once. In a nutshell tell us what is in this bill. If GOP can't stick together then something must be wrong.
Paul you are right it is all political mercantilism !!!
U and #RepublicanParty #CompleteFuckingWorthless @SenTedCruz @marcorubio 7 years of nothing but #Lies you R #WORTHLESS Its why I love #Trump
Il faudra bien trouver un consensus pour abroger Obamacare Et la remplacer par une aide plus juste.
The Citizens of America Demand that ALL of You Useless elites USE your damn Obamacare! You Are NOT Above Our Laws!
A perfect poster for term limits. You two are incredibly ineffective and an embarrassment to America. This nation was built on compromise.
Classic. 2 opponents of the Republican plan.
"We're interviewing as long as they don't agree with @POTUS" 

Why don't you invite Sens Graham or Cassidy?
McConnell should have McCain drug tested and bring a clean repeal again!
Just do something instead of denying everything. You are all talk no action
PLEASE ask her why she did nothing to fix the aca over the last 8 yrs.? PLEASE
Paul Rand. Vote Yes on #GrahamCassidy !! #PaulRand #trustworthy ? Are you an honest man or do you go back on your word like a politician?
@RandPaul are you an honorable man of your word? You either stand with those who voted you in or you stand against us! We can vote you out.
Not going to waste my time watching it.
No grandstanding! It's getting old! If you talk No then VOTE NO....for once!
Hold strong on your NO vote on this bill. It's beyond ridiculous. We're hoping you don't fold at the last minute like usual!
LOL!  They joining a satanist (chuck) speaks volumes 4 anti-facade @NancyPelosi.  She is evil & poison. @chucktodd
No thanks
@randpaul - you are fool. As crazy as loser McCain
Is this all you care about getting in from of the camera? Please don't do this to the American PP! We can not continue with Obamacare!
Pelosi does NOT have the intellectual fortitude to debate @RandPaul about anything.
I'll no longer support you.
I thought you voted w/ the Democrats. You have an opportunity to save the country from universal care. History will record what you do next.
Absolute will. This bill is a disgusting disaster.
I'd watch, but seeing & listening to Pelosi would ruin my week. (you don't have to sit next to her, do you?)
Nice.. hey can you send me a check for 42,000 hike in seven years for the Obamacare lie you want to keep going , want my address ?
Battle?  These two are in lockstep!  @RandPaul fully supports the Obama/Paulcare we have now and is fighting to maintain it
to  listen to the stooges no thank you
Don't forget to kiss her ring Rand
Not likely.
It's a waste of time. You are all useless.
Are they now a couple? "NAND" are lovers on health care
OK now we know who is paying Rand Paul for a no vote.
He wants a full repeal. Jesus Christ 
A no vote is virtually a vote for Obamacare- what are you thinking???? Vote yes now and build on it! Insurance across state lines etc.
Who's buttering ur slice, @RandPaul? Americans WON'T stand for your blocking a BETTER THAN #Obamacare bill. Joined at hip w/ @SenJohnMcCaln?
Ohhh is he supposed to make it easy for Rinos? It's not what he ran on!! #repeal this is not repeal.
Please, in all decency, please vote no on this horrific healthcare bill
Rand wants a full repeal. Stop listening to propaganda.
Senator Paul is going to fold like a cheap suit and vote for the #GrahamCassidy bill. I think he just likes to talk about being independent.
Rand Paul admits this repeals the Individual and Employer Mandates but because it's not 100% repeal he's against it. Rand is not smart.
Doctors are leaving the field. Can only find foreign doctors now, they can barely speak English. Vote yes on bill
Vote yes on bill. Put your ego aside. U know   The non affordable care act is hurting hard working Americans.
Hidden Faces of the SWAMP. QUESTION HOW ARE THEY MILLIONAIRES. Question the Swamp Mid Terms Vote No More Swamp

Not even for comic relief..dumb and dumber.
I will mute for Pelosi! Looking forward to @RandPaul. No to #GrahamCassidyBill # I StandWithRand
Rand, I'm sorry to hear that... @NancyPelosi and @chucktodd... Ugh! Brutal
Gonna be good!  Can't wait to here Chuckie & Pelosi scream/holler LOL
Seriously? Please @RandPaul  let's not become dumb & dumber! In all due respect if you want smaller government, we HAVE to decentralize!
It's a serious situation with real life consequences.
So Rand Paul in Pelosi's pocket? He's not serious about replacing Obamacare. New bill will give his state more control and he doesn't want?




THIS HAS TO BE A JOKE!

Medicare is bankrupt, has yearly documented waste of $60 BILLION a year, raises healthcare costs dramatically, and expands the welfare state https://twitter.com/sensanders/status/909165743345893377 …
Will Rand Paul, MD, make a diagnosis of Nancy Pelosi's dementia Sunday?  Stay tuned.
Of course Meet the Depressed will have both you clowns on, you both want to save the unaffordable Obamacare.
Could you imagine the wreckage if this was a debate?
YIKES RAND WATCH OUT FOR THAT WITCH & LIAR SCHUMER WE DO NOT NEED THEM ..
@RandPaul - you are suckered as a teammate by the MSM. You're bogus
#StandWithRand.
Sadly both @RandPaul and @NancyPelosi are selling out the American people!
Why?  Know what will be said.
I have lots of Kentucky friends that hate Obamacare, they have already said the way you vote will determine their vote in your next election
Repeal obamacare, this is your last chance. Don't be a traitor.
@RandPaul why is she dressed like the Rocket Man?
Get rid of Obama care please vote with the Republicans.
The bill will not get rid of Obama Care.
obamacare lover
Both do nothing
Glad you're taking a stand! These guys are rushing to their own doom. Don't be a follower!
How about asking Jimmy Kimmel to be included. He would not be afraid to engage the guests in a different way than Chuck.
This should be good.
Two Democrats -- Rand Paul has become Democrat-lite
Wish you would do your job instead of promoting YOURSELF every chance you get. So sad! Serve the people, this is the bill you got, sign it
@RandPaul Respect your conviction, but w/o change n McConnell/rules, we're stuck w/convictionless Liberal incrementalism of Ocare -Singlepay
Another wasted show by Chuck. Nancy base called her a liar this week. Its time to retire.
Why are we having a debate over single-payer versus the new bill before the vote next week? Let the draconian bill fail on it's own merit.
If you vote NO--as a KY voter--I will actively support anyone who runs against you in the future--Repeal the mandates!
@RandPaul Nancy's already confused
Make sure it's before Bingo and @NancyPelosi 4pm bedtime.
Oh boy !!! 
More hard hitting non biased questions from the corrupt liberal media !!!
How about Obama's ILLEGAL surveillance Chuck?
#FRAUD
@RandPaul 
Too bad there won't be a newsman present.  You've ruined this show, @NBCNews
This is going to be like talking astro physics to a fuckin wino
This is #nbc watch the battle.. not lets join together..
@RandPaul just another piece of fake news, sad!!!!
Let's get ready to rumble, #teamRand #MAGA #repealreplace
Will they both be sitting at the table ? I Doubt it, Pelosi would be crushed by R Paul.
I can't imagine two people more unappealing to discuss HEALTHCARE reform than these two moderated by a pro leftest!
Agreed. Ewwww
