We wouldn't have to worry about this if you would let independent investigation into giving paid Russian agents sec status wld we! IMPEACH
Except the russian narrative is complete BS ...as in manufactured to cover Obama spying on the opposing political campaign ...and That's IT.
3 of his campaign staff have now flipped to confessing a payments from Russia.  This is a real nonpartisan issue.  Flynn was frgn agent
WITH NATSEC STATUS...There is no bigger deal than that. These are all facts, and that's just what we know do far.
These people and many in office who lied on sec clearance paperwork are committing CRIMES by lying over national sec. Why don't you care?
This is bullshit none of this is proven. AT ALL.
Here is a lie he confessed to.  You are deliberately misleading people and have an agenda, what is it?
LOL lets call a covert CIA operation lying. What planet are you on?
#RandPaul is great,but wonder if he is 2 isolationist.Interested to hear thoughts.Where is the balance b/w isolationist and interventionist?
I would ask you to verify terms first. When you say 'isolationist', what do you mean? Can you name an 'isolationist' country as an example?
The simple question is how should we define casus belli.Easy to parade your morals over Middle East intervention. What about WW2? Civil war?
Our WWII response was justified simply because we were attacked by a member of the Tripartite Pact (i.e. Axis powers).
Those two have never met a war they didn't like
#Fuah_Kafraya_Massacre This war would end without the warmongers money, supplies, intel. I thought Trump would halt this crap.
What do you think of McMaster getting rid of KTMcFarland? Do you fear he's setting up to take us into a ground war in Syria?
What would happen to Christians without Assad? 
Syrian nun honored by U.S. says Assad is ‘not a dictator’ #Syria
Liberal & Left Democrats now have become warmongers as well!! I want no part in that. My conscience won't allow this.
Rand, I agree...those 2 never seen a war they didn't like...start looking at the money they receive
I'm so ashamed John McCain is my senator
Can we stop infighting and get conservative legislation and morality through Republican congress. Each day passing without is a big loss.
Neither has ever met a war they wouldn't start..
True
McCain and his Mini Me
They ain't happy if people aren't dying.....Too bad, they are "Bigly" apathetic on Illegal Invaders.
TQ Senator 4standing by our @POTUS.Watch out 4those 2warmongers elites. Wonder what they r up to next 4cheap publicity?
AMEN
Yes sir General captain RANDY SCOTT USMC understand sir carry on yes sir
.@RandPaul I would bet Hillary, McCain & Graham ALL are bought by Saudi Arabia & Qatar, the root of all terrorists.
Those 2 are Traitors and part of NWO! Repeal & Replace McCain and Graham NOW please!
W you jan
Not holding any punches!
Please help congress stop these conflicts! 45 is unchecked w. his bombs. How do we stop him from starting war in N Korea without authority?!
Those two are reptiles in human suits. Keep them in check senator.
I respect McCain as a vet myself. But that man is crazy. And I can't even start on Graham... 
Since the 5 Eyes have found Intell. Evidence on Trump & team's ties to Russia what are true American Patriots doing about it?
Total obsolete war mongers
American Conservatives? NO American warmongering Zionists whose aim is to get reacher.
@RandPaul @SenJohnMcCain thinks that war will help with his ptsd from getting violated by the VC.
On top of that maybe you should be more concerned on who's running this military action. Trump sd today he's turned it over to the military!
I dont agree with urur healthcare stance but right behind u here sometimes it is necessary here he is plays his divert game and they love it
We can't do this in congress Rand! They are to damn slow!
True Americans know we must protect the weak. And show respect to your veterans they know war Doctor.
F the McCanainiacs! UNAMERICAN
I don't trust either of these two guys as far as I can throw them. The war hero and the wet dish rag.
they cover for rogue CIA and their wars
John McCain is a great American and war hero. That does not make him always right politically
McPain & Co. are just the "Pill Pushers" for Ponzi_Scheme known as the FED & the "Globalist Corp's that grew up around them"--Jefferson
Then Jesus said to him, “Put your sword back into its place. For all who take the sword will perish by the sword" Matt. 26:52
You're an embarrassment to our party.
Like your support for President Babyhands, who can't remember what country he bombed? #trumprussia #russiantreason #moneylaundering #GOP
Least he doesn't think Russia invaded Korea 
The Syrian ppl overwhelmingly support Assad!  Get in there, ally with Assad, and worry about Iran later, dammit!
I get what you are pointing out, but I would argue neither battle is ours to take on regardless.  We only make it worse. #BringTroopsHome
Little Rand upset
you have always been on the right side of these conversations. Keep up the good fight
You endorsed this president, you put your name behind his character and leadership.  This march toward war was given your blessing.
Graham's quite a warmonger among the ladies of the Senate
Mc Cain? BS only!
John Mccain and Lindsey Graham are domestic terrorists
Both McCain and Graham need to be in Federal Prison.
And McCain is now leaving the repub party?  No surprise there.  He has always been a RINO
Cant you do something about those two?Kick them in the shin & tell them to keep there mouths shut. They are doing more harm to GOP than good
More extreme views splitting the GOP. My way or hi way rules

Endless war consequences? 1. The public is in a constant state of fear. 2. Endless Profits. 3. Erosion of Liberty. 4. War becomes Peace.
im wondering if you're not really a liberal because you never want to support our troops or there mission
Graham and McCain are shameful and have cheated the American people over and over again.
Dear John, R-E-T-I-R-E , give my grandchildren a break. You can come back after we admit Syria into the Union.
That's a good line.  Lol
Simple. An investigation into who supplied rebels with chemical weapons. War mongering is un acceptable. Horrific crimes for political aims?
How many pilots have crashed more jets then McCain??????
Ughh...so tired of the negativity about Rs.  Why never Bernie Sanders or Warren?  Constituent annoyed in Middlesboro.
The only thing mr paul dislikes more than a Dem is a Republican
I can't stand those two. Yuckky!
So predictable the establishment
Not only the lobbyist payouts the payments they have received from G Soros in their time in senate.
You got that right
IDIOTS
Very true. It's as though they are trying to get us into a war with Russia, which of course would be catastrophic.
These people are stooges of the industrial military complex Eisenhower warned us about so many decades ago. When will this country learn?
Send those old farts to fight!
You are correct
#TermLimits and removing #Lobbyists are the solution. McCain gets big bucks from #Raytheon
Known warmonger criminals. WHERE's the evidence/victims for sarin attack. Is hollywood involved like the Mediterranean refugee drownings...
I guess you didn't get far with your buddy over golf?
Just keep voting no like your daddy did and everything will be all right. No wall, no killing bears, no healthcare robbery. NO
If they want it put them on the front line in a Jeep with a gun and a baonet!
Anyone in gov who calls for war should be forced to fight.  Man, woman, trans, gay young old doesn't matter.  Put up or shut up.
Of course the saddest part in all of this is their total disregard for human life. Anyone is expendable in the war agenda. #Syria
If they want a war, they can put their big boy pants on, grab a rifle and go to the front lines.
How can we politely tell them their time has come and gone. They need to retire gracefully
#StandWithRand
Graham parrots everything McCain says
I can't send them messages because they are not from or for my state.  If I could it wouldn't be nice!!!
If they know so much, run for President.
Maybe McCain & Graham should serve on the front lines of the WARS  THEY SO BADLY WANT 
The odd couple
What is happening with healthcare? What is happening with lowering of taxes? What is happening with funding the "WALL"
They are so entrenched in the "war is a solution for everything" mindset from the 1960's. Come on gentlemen. It's the 21st century! Fix USA!
Currently the major obstacle to change and peace is the Assad's govt set aside it easier to sort the common enemy ISIS
Combined total of Israeli PAC money greater than $500,000 coincidence? Or mutual interests?
#McCain's Army" doesn't seem to be doing very good these days is there concern in Washington peace may break out in the ME one day?
Tell them to work on the presidents agenda which is what they get paid by us to do and let the president make necessary desicions
I wish their constituents would vote them out of office.
Does Graham have a Foundation like McCain?Saudis $1Mil donation to McCain got a lot of bang for the buck!How is this NOT influence peddling!
Buchanan: McCain-Graham approach increases risks between Syria/Russia and US. Did not McCain crash two jets when in the Navy? Insanity lurks
they never quit, do they.
Those 2 idiots need to join gov Bentley in Florida maybe the 3 of them could run a strip club without screwing it up but I doubt it
How do we rid ourselves of this virus?! These two are blatantly mentally ill
#JohnMcCain is the most evil man hope he burns in hell
They need to go. They are stuck in the 80's geopolitical mentality.
Both are dinosaurs who should be primaried
The last sentence is right on the spot!
Why aren't THEY being investigated? Why was #McCain in #Syria & who did he meet? His only positive words 4 @POTUS Syrian action. #sedition
I don't trust them either.  Please get them out of office
So ironical that warTraitor MCCain is such a warmonger and lusts for chance to put America's children in harmsway. Will his daughter enlist?
Why did #AmericaFirst become Kick Every Hornets Nest?
Time is of the essence Rand.
McCain and Graham are Dems. Always on MSM always against party. Party must unite against this agenda set in place by the Obama admin.
whatever those war mongers say, I oppose! war mongers, regime changers, and sanction-ists must be voted out to pasture...
Rand, there is some serious nepotism going on in the whitehouse. Jared is losing his shirt at 666 5th st Manhattan, and Josh, his bro.OSCAR!
Stir up the pot to further their democratic agenda. Sad.
McCain is a traitor. He needs to be tried for his crimes.  Patraeus is right there with him.
McCain & Graham R puppets of their donors, toe the line.  Who is really behind the warmongering? PNAC comes to mind.
Some in Washington make $$$ if we are at war, I suspect that is a incentive for those pushing a war agenda. Americans do not want a war!
Then become members of anti war coalition. Fight these warmongering psychopaths and their ISIS proxies
Randel! I picture @SenJohnMcCain riding atop a doomsday bomb falling on his "evil empire" swinging a lariat! Stay in his face! #Warmongers
The dems play dirty and lie constantly but they deserve credit for sticking together. If the GOP would unite you would be unstoppable!
not if the policy to unite behind is war with Iran
I disagree with much of your domestic policy, but I mostly support you in foreign pol. Neocons are again beating the drums of war.
Don't forget your friends across the isle, promoting the breakdown/conflict with Russia, inviting Islam in2 US.. This is getting SCARY!!!
Why cant all you knuckleheads stop airing your dirty laundry in public? As a conservative it is incredibly embarrassing!Talk to each other!
Fulfilment of Obama's and Hillary's desire to unseat Assad. They are still hopeful.
They have their orders from their billionaire owners! #Traitors #ArrestTheGlobalists
Yup George Soros
can the senate and congress just force them both to fight in the wars they so love pls?
Yes they are predictable, but then why the warmongering agenda being pushed by Trump admin recently?
Warmongering is fine when you're not the one who has to do the fighting!
That's for sure
@GrahamBlog 
@SenJohnMcCain
Now there is a threesome worthy of extinction. Americans elected Trump to stop the neocon BS. Keep them away from DJT. Fight on Rand!
yes sir. We all knew it was coming. Theyre warhawk nation building morons.
@sbsun
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@FoxNews
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
@Presidency_Sy 
@HassanRouhani 
@MLP_officiel
@Nigel_Farage 
@PutinRF_Eng
@TulsiGabbard 
@justinamash
@RonPaul
@realDonaldTrump
^5 McCain & Graham have an obsession with war; dangerous mentality.


Their tricks are getting old .. they better retire soon..their music just got outdated.
Republicans are lucky Trump's "hands" are small... At least it's easier to bend over for him without a spine. Sad!
