well... has anyone? 

@SenateGOP @SenateDems @BillCassidy @JeffFlake @DeanHeller @RonJohnsonWI  @SenJohnMcCain @SenCapito @SenMikeLee
You railed against the House secret bill. Now you are working a secret bill in the Senate. The healthcare debate needs to be in the open.
Probably with Trump's tax returns
@klahaya it should be the same plan @SpeakerRyan the republican't wants for himself.
Why? Where did you last remember seeing it?
Did you look here? They made it right here, Sir. It's a stinker. #healthcare #trumpcare #taxcreditfraud @CFPB
pls send your bill to the House. Now is the time to act.
@JMalzi 
the new area 51
Do what you all did when O'Liar was in office. Send that same bill, killing the ACA, to President @realDonaldTrump and demand he sign it.
The solution (other than Medicaid) is Medicare Advantage for under age 65. Public&Carriers satisfied. HHS has the skills. Simple!!
Try  GOP website

Download Link  PDF
http://bit.ly/2mAsBiT 

A few Amendments to Obamacare.
@UnitedCitizen01 You must be technologically challenged,it is on the http://gop.gov  website!
That's a summary
The BILL is Nothing but  some amendments of Obamacare:
PDF from GOP
http://bit.ly/2mAsBiT 
same doc I got to from link on
LOL

GET em,  RAND
GET em, RAND !

YOU WILL BE VINDICATED..  AGAIN!

GET  FEDS OUT of our HEALTH CARE!

@jaredkushner
@IvankaTrump
foiled by a sign again
the simple health care plan for $2,000 a year ,full/comprehensive medical care can be provided by FP ,no need for any insurance.
Come on man....you're starting to resemble a "Borat" movie.
repeal every letter of obamacare! NO individual mandate whether to be paid to govt, to insurance co, or ANY1 else!
.@RandPaul @POTUS @WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs @foxandfriends @seanhannity This is #RINOCARE BAD Veto Ryan hates USA tear this up
please speak to @POTUS about this...It's time to give the power back to the consumer! #healthcare @realDonaldTrump
@NetworksManager He tolerated Obamacare for 8 years and can't wait a few weeks for a draft?
I hope you realize it is called the Affordable Care Act. I hope the replacement will be affordable and covers more than Obamacare
please post it when you find it
too many cooks in the kitchen will lead back to the idiocy of the "obummercare" crap!
I don't want to see the thing until it's written (not approved) the way it needs to be-then we can see what it has in it.
That pic is priceless.
thank you Randy Paul. The bill should be show Republicans should be included.not just GOP. This is America people. Not GOP
If it's tax credits and HSA's, it should stay hidden, forever.
Stay on it, Senator, and TYTY for keeping the spotlight on this issue. 
#ObamaCare2 is not an acceptable replacement!
keep on them!!! we are fed up with @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr and their betrayals!!! #DefundTheGOP @RepWebster do the right thing!
If and when we are finally rid of the demoncrats it will be easier to watch gop
wrong...we need to stay on ALL of them!!! the GOP is pulling dem crap!!!
There are RINOS Graham, Ryan, McCain etc.
exactly...and they are trying to pull an obamacare stunt on us...
It hurts the working poor & small businesses. Not sustainable when 1/2 income going to premium & ded too high 2 use
Keep after 'em Dr. Paul. This is SHAMEFUL and subversive, on both parties' part.
Be patient and stop acting like a Democrat!
I'm with you, Rand-REPEAL...PERIOD!
Give em hell, Rand! No individual or employer mandates!!!
wait and see naysayer
U was doing okay until u went overboard This is not a game U dealing with people lives. Give the people the plan u get from gov't
are you on the committee?  Why do you think you should see it before anyone else if you are not on the committee?
Your starting to look like Where's Waldo Senator. Getting tiresome now.
Ask the RUSSIAN,THEY KNOW WHERE IT IS
@Savvastzionis why are u so obsessed with seeing ppl die in bankruptcy needing life saving operations? Poisonous ideology
Ask any lobbyist, they have seen it and wrote it. @RandPaul
isn't "Hide and Seek" a child's game? You're a Senator for Gods sake... Act like it. Do your job... professionally
bust the mother f-ing door down Paul!!!
love what you're doing...we need more of this #Accountability

Where's Waldo?
you need to back off and work with the other republicans. Don't let the democrats divide our party like they have the country.
#beltwaybanditfool #rhinoswamp #payola Would be appropriate for you to wait for Committee comment
it's behind door number 1
Paul is working against the Republicans just like the democrats.  He doesn't deserve a place at the table.
still the odd one out, eh? How about you have to pass it to see what's in it?
Shut up!
just repeal it!  All of it. #repealobamacare #FREE-MARKET will replace it @tedcruz @ted @RepJoeBarton
, I am pretty sure the "secret" place" is in the Kalorama Neighborhood of D.C., guarded by Valerie Jarrett.
can you just go away Rand? You embarrassed yourself during primaries & frankly the nation is tired of your antics
No...if I knew where the secret location was, @RandPaul, I'd have already snuck in there and absconded with it to plaster all over the web.
How about a Bill for TERM LIMITS!
Check StarGate Command in Cheyenne Mountain Complex.
Waldo has it.
no but we better go ahead and just vote for it so we can all read it after....
Y R U Tryn So hard 2 mke ur copy 2 release 2 media & Dems of Unfinished Bill? Mmm, R U the Leak. Hope @PressSec looked @ ur phone
This is just TOOOOO CUTE! Why don't you get some work done. You should be trying to help fix things, or is that just not as CUTE?
obamacare wasn't released until after it became "law".  hopefully this bill won't lie to us as much as obamacare has.
ask Hillary 
senator you're part of the issue. Work with the other republicans instead of standing alone. U R better than this.
Please let @SpeakerRyan know where it is when you find it. He doesn't seem to know what he's promising as the ACA replacement.
why do you make a fool of yourself. Did you drama when dems hide the bill. so dont look up and spit grow up dude
this made me literally laugh out loud...who knew Senator Paul was a funny guy? 
I used to like you, now you're reminding me of @NancyPelosi  in one of her rants ! Stop embarrassing yourself.
If it is anywhere, it will be in my useless Senator's office @LindseyGrahamSC  Lindsey we want FULL REPEAL NOW!
I wish we could repeal #RepublicanLite @LindseyGrahamSC @johnmccain2016 and @SenateMajLdr !
Amen! Lindsey talks tough in his ads in SC but wimps out in DC.
have you tried searching in one of the Premium Geocaches in DC? Hope you can get a copy! 
This reminds of those old "Blue's Clues" episodes.
- Just another example why I absolutely can't stand Rand Paul. Act like a Republican for once in your life
haha senator Paul the most savage/level headed of all senators 
stop trying to be witty and get to work. KY voters want to see action from Republicans.
oh I just had an idea!  Think like a drug dealer! Inside the toilet tank? Shoebox on a shelf? Lift up a tile in the ceiling?
hidden inside the bust of Lincoln?
keep looking Rand!  But you may have to vote on it first to see it. Keep up the good work Rand!!
Maybe let them Finish it then EVERYONE can read it. After that then a Vote would be good.
these acts by all of you are embarrassing. you wonder why the public continues to lose faith in the govt. it's not funny to us.
Looks like Speaker Ryan was right about your desire for publicity
@_CFJ_ say no to tax rebates replacement idea
Why do you think he was not in the health care Commitee. Geez 
any replacement has to be voted on. All I'm saying is vote no if it creates a new entitlement
Have you looked up your butt? That's where your head is these days.
@cb55uic give it a rest.
You have to pass it first
Chillin in da hood? With your homies? Oh, sorry that's me.
Do your work in the senate and leave the House the hell alone.
Did you look in the dryer? Or wherever the hell my missing socks are?
this is not a funny game for Americans who fear losing/affording their life saving #ObamaCare #ACA
WTF? Have you become a RINO too?
lol  love your sense of humor Rand!  U will be an indispensable part of this bill.
Come on Senator,make the sausage,let us see when it's ready ,not while making,we are with you but wait till ready!

@robinlecronesco Repeal anything having to do with obo. It all stinks of anti American hate & rage. Let's get that swamp drained.
enough with the stunts, sir - please why not work together rather than always trying to one up each other
this is not a joke you know
Repeal or replace or Lite, I just want it made a lot better than it is right now. Sometimes you have no choice but to compromise.
Ryan and his crew working back room deals again. I'm with you,  no refundable credits.  They are welfare handouts.
When are you introducing your own repeal bill?
did you look behind the couch? It might be time for milk cartons or the guys from Curse of Oak Island
no lite , full repeal and back to old way. Pay for your own shit
Not me!
not seeing anything out of you
the republicans better do this right! Just because they change the wording doesn't change contents! No subsidies /credits!
who are you all working for!  The insurance companies!
maybe there's a Pokémon sitting on top of the bill let's fire up Pokémon Go and see....
these are the same villains that lied saying they had a plan for years huh
keep on them. I'm sick of Mt governments lies and secrets!!
the blind not leading the blind!
Go get then Rand. They are hiding the entitlements. Gov't has no business in our health care.
cut subsidies to the health care sector, free unrestricted competitive no mono olygopolic market in the sector. Politicians out!
SENATOR Rand...this show belongs to the House today. Your turn will come.
Democrats in their hate session
there's enough coming from th outside. The left never eats their own. We need to do the same.
@TrumpsDisciple Key is under the mat!
wanna borrow my saw ?  we'll have that open in two seconds
Stop the BS Drama! The real question is why as a doctor were you excluded?
Thank YOU for exposing the never ending wool the GOP establishment tries to pull over our eyes.
Just fix the #ACA! Cheaper than #repeal&replace.Put back what GOP took out of ACA to purposefully weaken it.#Ryancare-not fair.
this is why you are one of my favorite politicians.
You have to pass it before you can find it!
Thank you sir...tweeting out for you too!
Yes. In the garbage, where it belongs.
Give me a call - I will show you how to Light the ObamaCare law on FIRE.  *Immediate solutions, tested overseas ready to launch
it seems like in the time you spent playing hide-and-go-seek that you could be crafting a bill yourself
dude he already did!
first thing is first. Remove the fines, then pressure insurance companies to LOWER rates
ask Nancy Pelosi u have to pass it before u see what's in it.
@caleostby hundred bucks on there is no bill and no one behind those doors. It was probably buy 1 get 1 day at the golf course.
have you checked the throne room yet?
how about giving them time to get it done. Lay off. Sheesh.
@shaycode
FUNNY, but unfortunately for us, very real. ITS BULLSHIT!
Grow up.
I think it's up Ryan's ass
Why do you care? The "replacement" covers white men only.
It's just a sign mane :^)
Seriously though thank you for actually caring about this.
good for you Rand! I support Trump but what is going on??
Just what are you doing to better the country than playing games....stop you own agenda and get behind the @POTUS
Patience is a virtue, let's wait for it to be finalized and then sent to Congress.
this ridiculous we voted for repeal and replace
great JOB! This is entertaining & blowing a whistle on DC bullshit. Keep it up
Real Republicans eyes only.
Go ask the Lincoln bust, I think it knows but didn't want to tell @WhipHoyer because he's a Dem
back your President and quit stirring the pot
.@RandPaul Have you checked the trunk of Ted Kennedy's 1967 Oldsmobile?
Time to get over it get on board or get out...this is why Dems win.
stop the grandstanding sen. paul...
oh where,  oh where had our little  Rand gone?  Oh where, oh where can he be
I PRAY there will be a TOTAL FREE market option!  Get government and insurance OUT of healthcare!
It's just a bill oh it's only a bill and it's hiding there on Capitol Hill ...
Love you Rand!!!
I love you. I really do. 
If it's anything like"Bud lite", someone will find it :-) :-)
your ridiculous. stop feeding amo to the libtards
If it doesn't kill the mandate, scrap it.
Quit being a publicity hound and actually do something to help our Country.
Lagina Brothers have been searching for it for years.  Call them, they have a big drill.  #ObamaCurseOfWashingtonDC
we don't want Lite. We want full repeal or we vote the peopl responsible out
You should look for a clue, Rand.
@KattyKayBBC 
Haven't seen the bill. Haven't seen jobs. WH busy putting out fires daily cause thugs in suits & stilettos r in WH.
here, Rand Paul there,
This quest takes him everywhere.
…
I guess he thinks we have a right
To see this new bill come to light.
Grand Theatre!
When is the Special Prosecutor going to be looking into the Clinton Foundation Russian connection 
Pay for Play???
Corruption Core
That's funny. You should make a short video of you searching for the room.
Try looking in the same place were they hid the missing IRS emails and Hilary's emails
LOCK HER UP
Sold OUT
DRAIN THE CESS POOL
Check in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying 'Beware of the Leopard'.
we don't want that damn bill in any form. Keep fighting for us!
@politicalmiller Can't believe I just retweeted @RandPaul . Where's the beef?
Ha ha ha... Oh, fun game, the @GOP toying with millions of Americans' health care like that. #SaveACA
It's been in the transgender bathroom along
just keep annoyingly knocking on the door.
Ask Nancy or Chuck!!
yeah, like the last crap one you let Obama get through with no resistance  sucks
