I read your article and it lacks an understanding on the context of security situation in North Korea. 1. China is NOT NK's ally. NK hates
- China more than it does the US. Kim has killed every single China sympathizers in NK including his uncle and half-brother, so NK is free
-of NK sympathizers. 2. NK is still working on its nuke ICBM for the US. NK already finished deploying its nuke SLBM for Beijing years ago.
Kim Jong Un understands the US very well, and understands that the US will honor any agreement signed. This is not true with China, which
can backstab at anytime. Hence NK nukes are meant more for China than for the US. 3. Because of NK mistrust of China, NK will never let PLA
in NK. Why? Because those PLA troops can try to assassinate Kim Jong Un at any time, and this is why NK asked PLA to leave only a few years
after the Korean War; NK would rather face predictable US alone than with unpredictable and backstabbing PLA behind its back. 4. So Kim
doesn't want to get China involved in this whole process, Kim's objective is a direct negotiation with the US for a peace agreement which
You're just like Sasse, love your own big ideas but no execution.
Why don't you achieve a yes on Graham-Cassidy? @MistyPassions @RamBoPirate @NWGreenApple @gigi_deplorable @WheresKarenB @coratagge
Graham-Cassidy isn't repeal, not like we were promised. Anything with Graham's name on it is poison.
It's better than the ACA and for now that will have to do until we can fix it. Just getting of the mandates is huge.
It's not better than Obamacare.
Question: What is your solution for people like me who are forced to pay the fine year after year? Thanks!
There have been better bills presented in the past, when O was potus & GOPe never thot they'd pass. Resurrect one of those & pass REPEAL.
The question is what is your solution, not what you just wrote. I am sick and tired of people who complain, yet offer nothing.
You continued to demonstrate your lack of mental capacity to develop a Health care plan.
You get peace by leaving the N. Korean's alone. This is the result of AIPAC and PNAC. Stop the warmongering, and the propaganda.
#StandWithRand
Trust China and N.K.? Trusting one is a stretch. Both? Naive. Solution: Give Japan and S. Korea nuclear weapons. Then maybe try your solutin
bless your heart but west coast and hawiaiian islands getting ready for war with TRUMPS comments its on our doorstep knocking
For god sake your a doctor. They pull teeth out & reimplant them just for fun. He has to be destroyed to end this.
Rand Paul, I listened to you when you weren't antiTrump. Not listening now.
That’s too bad. Paul loves this country. Trump might too, but he’s screwing a lot of stuff up right now. Stand for what’s right.
He's a Dr who has had 9 years to come up with Obamacare replacement, has NOTHING to show. I like him, but he's not doing his job.
Well, that’s because he would propose a free market option, so there really isn’t anything he wants to replace it with.
Remove DJT the Dotard from office would be my first suggestion!
U should go on the view. You'd probably be their hero right about now. I can't believe I voted for you it'll never happen again. POS 
Another sheep believes 501c3 media. Why can't you see?
I follow Rand Paul 4 a long time, even voted for him twice. He's handing the keys over to the Democrats. Fight the deep state at least
Deep state sure loves undeclared war and illegal $ policy. Just like McCain, Cruz, & dems. I'll #standwithrand until he does.
how many times has rand voted yes on trumps agenda?
Not many, since it appears that Trumps agenda is undeclared war, illegal $ policy and bigger gov, just like Obama/Bush. I #standwithrand
I understand now you're a nut.
Thanks! I enjoy being labeled a nut like Ron and Rand Paul. It reminds me that we are closing in on liberals and their beliefs.
Pull your head out of your arse. A nuclear #DPRK is a nuclear #Iran, which means nuclear terrorists. No #Nukes for the #fatdwarf.
This solution lacks awareness of Korean history and #DPRK politics, society and economy. The DMZ is not for the US to give away @RandPaul
We will just let @POTUS deal with #NOKO @RandPaul. We trust HIM, NOT YOU!
POTUS has got this. Your services not needed. 

Feel free to #TakeAKnee
Have you ever had a course in Abnormal Psychology? Do you realize that Kim Jong Un is a PSYCHOPATH and just like Trump is not normal and never will be. You cannot treat them like normal pp. You are fool if you think you can.
May be worth further discussion, since nothing else seems to be working.
In order to achieve peace, both sides need to come to the table. #United we stand
End the kim regime
Hopefully everyone is trying to get there! Diplomacy has not worked so far Senator! The risk of letting this crazy man continue disastrous!
What abuot do?
Judging from Lybia but also from Syria or NATO expansion all the way 2 the Russian borders the US word has become meaningless It's shamefull
Your dumb idea is a colorful way of paying $ to China for nothing. PhD my ass Rand! Please focus on RROC.
Hello, China is already at the DMZ! They’ve been there since day 1 pulling strings.
Absolutely right Sen Paul.  You are leading with real ideas and actions.  Thank you for stand on health care reform
intriguing, but what about S. Korean sovereignty if are presence becomes minimal. Kim might, with China backing, decide to unify.
I agreed with you, in your saying a false flag US Plane getting shot down. I say it will a EMP Attack on the US. N.Korea has minerals.
Denuclearization of #Kazakhstan is model w/US & Chinese security guarantee to #DPRK  …http://nationalsecurityandstrategy.blogspot.com/2017/01/denuclearization-of-north-korea-search.html … …http://nationalsecurityandstrategy.blogspot.com/2017/01/denuclearization-of-kazakhstan-as-model.html …
I'll be honest. I like you a lot in politics, but I want Kim's regime to be toppled because I am tired of such a cruel man having such power

North Korea and South Korea want peace but, the M.I.C.omplex says NO.

ANALYSIS: “Active containment” could be key to neutralizing North Korea's nuclear threat without starting world war http://abcn.ws/2hbRikw  
In the meantime Congress needs to make clear to @POTUS that only they have legal power to declare war on any country, especially #NKorea.
Lol. How naive.
By overwhelming force.
Planet earth calling Senator Paul...HELLO
Stop ruining the chance to repeal Obamacare
Now, I'm no fan of knocking a suggestion and not providing a counter....but in this case, the only real fix is not having #KJU there at all
Hey just send over Rodman with a planeload of lobsters. He might choke on one.
Rand Paul, nothing you say has any weight anymore for me. And I was your fan.   You are now responsible for the mess of Obamacare. Thanks.
You've allowed
I am embarrassed that I did not support your run for President. If you run again I am in with help and funds. Rand Paul for President!!
Please Rand. What is your plan for healthcare? Crickets...If you were President, and you are not, nor is  McCain or Cruz. Just do your job, I know it's hard but if you try really hard you can do it. I have to work my ass off. Just try!!!
Not a fan used to vote for you. NEVER VOTING FOR YOU. GET WITH IT.get behind the president.
If the goal is to de-nuclearize, what would PRK agree to ?

I can't think of any process, short of destruction, which would deter KJU
Who's listening to you? 7 years and no repeal & replace.
No more donations for Republican Party. Republicans are a joke with House, Senate and Presidency, and still can't get anything done. COWARDS
You threw working class under the bus, AGAIN. HC costs are devastating my 21 kids and grandkids. Sometimes change is in small bites. PHONY
That is naive. Kim Jong Un will not give up his nuclear weapons.  We are just going through the process.
This is brilliant diplomacy! @realDonaldTrump is so fortunate to have Senator Rand Paul as an ally.
THIS IS WHAT YOU AND THE REST OF THE RINOS ARE ACCOMPLISHING
Democrats just won a formerly GOP-held seat in the Florida State Senate #SD40. https://twitter.com/jessefferguson/status/912833432497135616 …
You can't even vote for health care bill. What would you know about handling Korea
Someone send this to the white house
We pulled our nukes out of South Korea 20 years ago. I think that was in good faith.  (of course we can park a sub off the coast) No credit?
Kill everyone....
Nuke em.
Rand Paul, are you a Libertarian or a Republican? I think I know. Yoy are nor wiser than an 82 yr. old WELL - EDUCATED preacher!
Repeal Obamacare!!!
Take away @realDonaldTrump twitter account!
Let China invade and add it as a new providence?
How about health care, traitor. Boycott Kentucky!
The problem is that NK & China don't, & shouldn't, trust anything Trump says. A malignant narcissist with poor impulse control is dangerous.
You're incapable of leading anything. Just wait for another proposal that makes sense and obstruct.
How about a book on your liberal agenda to keep obama care. RINO
I'm for ANYTHING that keeps us from war! @realDonaldTrump @nikkihaley
Mr Demagogue , where is the healthcare plan ??? Where is the Tax Reform Plan ???
Trying to change the subject?
The better question is, how do we achieve peace and equal human rights in America? People in glass houses should not throw stones.
Fix our problem here before you become a policeman elsewhere.
Nice vote fir obamacare liberal RINO.
I think I'm going to move to Kentucky just so I can vote against you in 2022
Rand Paul doesn't even take care of Americans, supports OCare. Sit down and shut up.
Like that hasn't been tried constantly over the past 50 years.
Sounds good but Kim Jong "mentally ill" Un has stated he will never dismantle his nukes so how do we handle that?
the Chinese need NK as buffer against SK and US. war not over Rand, a ceasefire in effect. solution is a peace treaty. rethink tbis
So are we still in a declared war? No armistice?
Glad your not my senator!!!
That will never happen.
Why the hell would you vote on new health care? 400% I'm paying bcuz of liars like u. The world doesn't revolve around ur ego.
This is silly and outrageous, Senator. It's time for the Kim regime to go! They're like the Nazis over there, if not worse. No excuses!!!
https://www.gofundme.com/operation-white-rose …
Please!!!
@realDonaldTrump Only by creating coalition USA and RUSSIA ! to neutralize N. Korean threat. – at Bear Lake Beach
Silly. They are terrorists. Plain and simple. Look what they did to this kid Otto Warmbier. How can you misunderstand that?
Shut up or vote yes fir something
Oh please, stick to Kentucky
You will never be President! Thanks for stabbing us in the back!
I wish our government would weigh more heavily the opinions of Dr's. like yourself In this Healthcare fiasco.
ur an eye doctor, u know nothing of foreign affairs. ur also a phony RINO. Great job hack for saving Obamacare. little legs, 5'3" tall.
Turn off 501c3 media and read the law that governs you! Or don't and remain the most knowledgeable person that watches fake news.
So rand little rand voted for skinny repeal but not this?  GTFO
You can go to his twitter and see for yourself why he wasn't going to vote for it, or trust 501c3 media. I #standwithrand
You can't repeal obummercare like promised for seven, why should anyone listen to regarding this issue?
How can we believe Kim Jong Un would ever consider giving up what he's worked so hard to build? He lives for destroying Americans.
rand Paul you can't pass a heath care bill. What the hell do you know about North Korea.
Maybe should support Donald Trump
He already put forth a bill that McConnell and Ryan shot down that repealed and replaced. If you are gonna talk shit do some research first
Any idea why they ignore your health care bill? It is absolute silence.
Rand you seem to have the answers to everything, yet can accomplish nothing. Odd........
"Neville Chamberlain"?
hahaha
Usually like you, but terrible if you don't live up to health care promise. Hope you don't end up being part of the swamp
I agree that China must be part of the answer to avoid war, either by DMZ invitation, trade, or threat of war on their border.
Why don't you just fix our damn healthcare issue like you said...
Nuke em.
I am open to attempting this solution, but if China isn't able to faithfully dismantle North Korea's program then we will have to stop Kim.
How about fixing Obamacare first?
Makes some sense. Anything has to be better than the shit show going on now.
You can't be for real?
NO ONE CARES ABOUT RAND PAUL OPINIONS ANYMORE
.
Change South Korea into an island?
USE THAAD on his next launch. At this point we can justify calling it a defensive action.
No can do. THAAD is meant for missiles in their descend stage, not in boost stage or in cruise stage.
So shoot it on it’s way down.
Well, there is no land to deploy THAAD in the middle of Pacific Ocean. Since each THAAD can cover radius of 200 km, you need thousands.
- of THAAD system to cover the size of Pacific Ocean.
Just don't need healthcare!
Vote for health care bill
I can't believe I wasted my vote on you  @RandPaul . Are you going to torpedo tax reform next?
Fresh thinking. Thanks Senator.
Hard time reconciling the incoherent healthcare Rand with the Rand who wrote this thoughtful albeit extremely hopeful piece.
Come on vote for the health care plan. It’s not perfect but it is so much better than what we have
You are not Trump!  We dont like you!!
Is it to NOT repeal Obamacare?
RP let's worry about repeal and replace.  You don't have big enough shoes to handle LRB.
Sounds good. I believe someone in IC I'm following said the same. Problem is that there is a juvenile in the Oval Office.
(1/2) Drop American grocery store fliers over the border. Gorbachev said he knew communism failed when he walked into a Texas grocery store.
"In the USSR they have lines but no food. In America they have food but no lines."
we cud send all you rumpoids ovr there to fit right in with ruthless regime run by  adolescents in dribbly trousers. we stay to Lift Life UP
Maybe onto something, I'm just curious about what else china would require for taking on the expense...
Your plan seems 2 put great deal of trust in China, correct? Would the US be involved at all in being able 2 qualify 1st hand NK de-Nuking?
How about focusing on domestic issues.
There will never be peace-- Until the Prince of Peace reigns in the hearts of all.
Major flaw is both sides must want peace . This midget wants South Korea period . There will be no peace sadly .
If you put China on the border with South Korea, you can say goodbye to South Korea forever.  China could care less what the world thinks!
thats exactly my point nk is acting as a proxy for russia and china. the commies would love to make sk in there pocket.
bottom line is there will be war and china will let it run  for as long as it sees nk winning when they start loosing they will step in
You obstruct Obama care appeal, an now want to be a smart ass , on Trump dealing with N. K . ( like Hillary loser )
As free people we have a responsibility to put pressure on dictatorships NOT enable them.
Why don't  you worry about how to pass a health care bill
So much wrong with this. My response- https://www.facebook.com/JoeUreneckForMaGovernorCouncilDistrictOne2010/posts/1475577095812843 …
You cant even figure out to pass healthcare, let alone create peace 
I think China will want Taiwan, the Philippines and control of the South China Seas. Is that an acceptable trade?
The point is China does not see the need to act on what it wants in the time we operate on.
If they feel they are on an arc to get what they want over a long time period and they do now, they will wait for time to pass.
As far as NK We, China and the world do not have a long time period. Time is up. China just does not want to lose what they have already.
If China is part of at least the removal & inspections of NK nukes it would be a chance for peace.
As far as folks comparing old 2 Germanys of Europe to N/S Koreas of Asia, I'd remind Euro  mindset is not what is at hand here.
Liar liar thank god you never made president you belong on the demicratic side
Can you do something about it?
You can’t even achieve it in your own country! #traitorRandPaul #dumpObamaCare #youLiar
Do you know how to achieve piece in this country?
I guess another 8 or 9 Billion to the North will do it.
Congratulations, Senator.  Endorsing Mitch McConnell over Matt Bevin in 2014 is now the second dumbest idea you've ever had.
China cannot change the NOKO goal of unifying ALL Korea into single country!  There's No answer for That!
Have you met your POTUS? Tell him this. If you cant, resign.
Kim Jong-Un is a boy with a dangerous toy.
By the way, can you please concentrate on getting your healthcare bill passed, now that garbage ones failed?
Spread the word about it. Get people on board calling their senators to vote for it. We can put pressure on them.
I like the idea. My concern would be China eventually taking over all of Korea when there's a Democrat Potus.
You are an intelligent man why have you not drafted a healthcare plan???
He has...
I admire any effort to work towards peace.  I disdain criticism based on non related actions!
has anybody asked Un why he is antagonizing America?
Rand Paul: How to get pd off by Big Insurance
How just vote no on everything Rand
Thanks for saving ObamaCare
Peace Treaty. Then cut business with China. Close the iPhone factories, open them back up in Guatemala, South America, Mexico. China bluffed
Just shut up and resign like the other senator from TN did. We can all say "GOOD RIDDANCE OF BAD RUBBISH"
How about achieving Obamacare repeal, smart guy? #Traitor
We must stop abortion in our country, God will not favor us as we kill the most innocent! GOD wants justice for his innocent! !!!!!
Covert seal team should do the job!!!!!
Do the job of what? Starting WW3?
How sad you are you traitor
Sniper Him
And start world war 3.
Oh come on get real with whom?
the way to fix it is to impeach loud mouth, loose cannon, juvenile Trump for inciting war with bellicose, belligerent, bombastic speeches
The nuclear Geni is out of the bottle. MAD is plan "B".  China (& Russia) use NK. Keeps USA out of Arctic Sea & South China Sea islands.
If I recall, we used to call that appeasement.
It is now so obvious how President Trump whipped your ass in the primaries. RHINO
And Paul one of the smart ones in a Congress of morons.  Paul has apparently self administered OxyContin and lost his effin mind!
Stick with the small stuff.  Like latte with your fellow Kentucky Senator
Considering you didn’t even recognize China until Nixon, I think it would be a great idea #DPRK
This idiot can't even seaport his President! I'm shore he will run for president in 2020, it's the family business. Go to get that money !
This is our days Hitler and rest assure he gets the bomb he will light us all up If we are so stupid to believe any treaty he makes with us
He'll launch one, maybe 2. That'll be the last mistake he ever makes.
We can't get HC you approve of, you think you know how to achieve peace in Korea?  SMH
Completely unrelated. Also, did you read the article?
Want to cut money off the budget, get rid of the Senate, worthless group of primadonnas.
How about you let them buy Obama care since you won't fix it. that should do it
Bull crap
Shoot Kimmy in the back of the head?
Not at all a bad ending point for negotiations, provided we are free to verify without notice & meaningful consequences for any violation.

It's been over50yrs since the ceasefire agreement was signed.But in the mean while N.K. over the years has broken it.N.K.can never betrusted
I’m think it’s a fair idea, and it shows a sharp mind, I hope it is looked at closer by the experts.
This is naïve. They are not defensive they are offensive. N Korea and Iran want to hold us hostage. decades of weakness has failed
This is an actual attempt at negotiation, not just posturing. I like it. Thanks Sen Paul.
Still running hard for the presidency.
Cannot defeat obamacare, but now on to world peace...riigghhht
You can't talk to crazy people. !!!!!!!!!! Wake up @RandPaul
Is this the same plan you used to achieve the repeal of Obamacare? I’m glad your not my Senator.
*you’re
I noticed that after I hit the tweet button, I wish Twitter had an edit feature.
Don't we all.
