So over this poser ! Nothing but noise and no solutions. And now he is just in the way of any progress! It's not about you Randy !
let obamacare collapse. blame the dead on the DEMs. get rid of big gov healthcare. free market healthcare. choices. competition.
And you seem to proud of the failure.
The only real solution is what Sen Paul has been saying for months and that's a clean repeal then start over.  No other way works!
If the republicans led by rand Paul leave Obamacare in place they own it. I will never vote republican again. In fact I won't vote. You suck



so are you really going to vote with the democrats to save obamacare?
Voting against #BCRA will allow Globalist democrats to get a foothold in Congress. PASS IT; changes can be made later. We want to move on!!!
https://twitter.com/Merkaba_84/status/887124864871649280 …

He shouldnt. The bill is a betrayal of everything Republicans promised the voters
Useless republicans bunch of babies led by rand Paul. Susan Collins and Mike lee

Let's see. We promised to repeal but let's write a bill that leaves a huge turd floating in the pool and wonder why no one likes it
REPEAL!  Stay out of our healthcare!
I pray to God that is correct!
Ur going hav 2 make some compromises,otherwise OCare will implode &ppl will be left w/nothing! Keep in mind Medicaid was started 4 disabled
Why doesn't McConnell follow what the people want! Repeal Obamacare and replace it! Give more power to the States!
voters need to realize that under the current bill it will make single payor a reality the moment that dems get control again!  wake up!
With Sen Paul Bill rep would fufill their promise of repeal and hold Sen responsible for the bill tney eventually pass
You ride the highest horse I've ever seen!
Paul is a prick
#StandWithRand
Please get behind the ACA repeal! If not, The Left will win and you'll be the cause. Believe me, either way, we won't forget. We're watching
the way Rep are doing it now is settimg them up with the excuse that they had to do something and excusing them from a bad bill
I may agree with your position. But you better get the rest of the GOP on your side quickly! GOP simply has to get something passed ASAP.
Your spirit is admirable but lacks imagination. There's a bigger picture & YOU will be to blame for a U.S. single payer system. Be proud
Good
1 way WE (#TrumpVoters) can kill BOTH #Ocare & #RINOcare is by starting #LocalMAGAgrps to #PrimaryOutAllHillRINOs - before 11/6/18 & beyond.
Hey Rand instead of being a obstructionists do you CE credits and go become a doctor again !  Thank god You lost the presidency
https://www.facebook.com/turningpointusa/videos/1356611751054204/ …
This is pure rediculousness...belittling the REAL weight of slavery & comparing it to people wanting fair insurance & fair medical options
Stop making up things. I wish your dad were younger and more on the world stage. Then we'd have a Republican worth investing time in.
it just means you have a right to buy & own guns. Just like the right for healthcare...you have the right to buy & use healthcare services.
Having the right to bare arms does not mean you get free guns or can force gun manufactures into servitude...
@RandPaul Well, taking my taxes and thereby my labor forces me into slavery. Your #alternativefacts say healthcare as a right is slavery...
Kentucky needs to elect a GOP Senator who will support the party.
This is sad with 3 branches of power, listen to Rand Paul, please, show republican power and join him,the president has a good agenda

Why are you not helping I think you love Obamacare  and you are an obstructionist to the POTUS You did the same thing to the house bill
Your negativity without an offer of a viable alternative doesn't help at all.
If Rand Paul voted republican instead of Democrat Obamacare would be replaced with a better HC.Kentucky voters know they were  dupe
You see this is exactly true. People stand up call Paul. Don't block the president agenda vote to repeal and replace
PLEASE keep fight'n this!SmBusinss Ky employee buy'n thru xchang R subsidizin ABLE-bodied adults on Medcaid!Wk N HC!Medicaid abus is ramped!
stay firm #repealfirst @SenateMajLdr
We need this, or the Dems take over in 2018
Just repeal the fuckin' thing!
Disgusting...Get something done...END the MANDATE!
Everyone has to say what Paul is trying to do. He knows there is no vote for what he is saying. He does not want to help rep and POTUS
I love how Rand Paul calls the bill what it is. BCRA is ACA overhaul, not repeal.
I just don't understand why they don't do repeal. So much stronger to do repeal, then use blank slate to leverage market reforms + Medicaid
All the democrats and most of the republicans want single payer, horrible
He got him a good health plan though don't he?
doesn't goes through you and your Congress senates will be out the Congress on 2018? You have to think about it.The people are tire!!!
Sewator I am tire of see you going on TV to criticized the Health Care Bill. do something better with your time, you know that if this
Fix our money while your at it. The fed is the cause of so many problems. #realmoney. http://scentsaverscandles.com 
Washington is a joke, we the people are sick of the drama!! Get something done for the American People. This voter is sick and tired of BS
He won't have enough votes come election day to remain a Senator.
I hope so I can't stand Paul  people stand up and tell him to compromise and get this done  HC is like Russia Russia  on the  news
Just repeal ACA
There is no vote for it  Don't get duped by Paul  tell him to stand and get this Jc done. He is no conservative he is for himself
@POTUS please lead the world with 100% privatized health care. If something is unaffordable for a single person it's to expensive for all.
Yes yes what Paul is talking about groups of people that to will help but get it over the line don't be an obstructionist for rep
Arrogance of @RandPaul is bringing the @GOP down. Get what we can NOW. Get the rest incrementally. Only way to totally #RepealAndReplace.
that will never happen,  when they promise it will happen "Down the Road", they never drive down that road. don't be a sucker
"My way or the highway" from @RandPaul has zero traction. Will never happen. Next? Do nothing? America loses. #Dems win. He needs consensus.
More time for TV, none for actual constituents. SHAME. Do you dang JOB! Coward. Money talks#bananarepublic #kleptocracy #barkkochboybark
Thankgod he doesn't have votes! Stand firm Rand! Vote " No"! Thankyou for being a real man and caring !
Yes Dems love Rand Paul and he knows it  people think for yourself if they don't get this  vote then it's ocare all the way
Praying @JudgeRoyMoore wins seat vacated by @AGJeffSessions in @Indiana @POTUS @mike_pence @FLOTUS @TreyGowdy
Keep up the opposition Rand. I don't like everything you say but on this one you are correct. They promised to repel.
He does not have the vote for repeal  he knows it to but he has to be on tv. Did you guys not see what he did  when the house was with their

House Republicans’ misleading comments cloud reality – budget cuts will hurt struggling low-income families: http://bit.ly/2urJro7  
Yes....REPEAL NOW!!!!!
Where are the vote  Rand knows he can't get the vote. He is playing a game  he is an obstructionist for the POTUS. Come on people see this
If your holding out leads us to single payer insurance, your legacy is ruined. Help dont hinder
Yes Blame Rand Paul  American think and call him if he stand down that means he is supporting the dem like Collins
Captured McCain need to stop receiving healthcare, so he can vote to take away other people's healthcare, give Rich tax cuts!
You guys are blaming  all these people and not Rand Paul. You got to be kidding they can vote and then try to fix the bill or stay with paul
So...keeping O'care alive is better than what's on the table? Yes, we voted for Repeal, but we also voted for Real Change.
Yes people has to stand up to this guy he is no conservative
Oh, I think he does.  No one wants to be the one Republican that blocked the bill's passage.
No better than 46 right now. This bill will be the death of the #GOP & must not be allowed to become law. Our future is on the line. #MAGA
LET IT FAIL HIT ROCK BOTTOM DO NOT BAIL IT OUT!
No thanks to him the jerk T party or Freedom party because they always have to change the name because they are so bad
So let it fail go on red shoes explain failure snd lack of democratic help it's their law. Do that Mr senator
get on board and stop obstructing.  No perfect HC to be had.
Yes Rand Paul get on board. He did the same thing when they were putting the house bill together. He was like a crazy man looking for it
Never did have and won't ... American people want Repeal and Replace!!!
You need to get all ideas together in a sit down repeal and replace was the promise given. Without any Abortion stipulations to be covered.
We nees HC for ALL Americans regardless of wealth
Yes we do.  But not run by Fed govt. Look how they MIShandled Veterans Health care for instance. Each state has unique needs.
Need to ask the governors and make sure that money goes to the people
Come on!!! What are you doing? Get rid of #Obamacare ! My premiums are killing me! #repeal #freechoice
I am so upset with this guy Paul. He is an obstructionist  always on tv. Cnn to  he want to be a go guy. To much ego
People don't get duped by Rand Paul this is the game for him he knows he won't get the vote  he wants to be special all will fail for rep
Like father like son,  Obstructionist Jerk
Paul is getting his revenge at trump, but at what cost, he is hurting millions of Americans
Is there enough to repeal?
Sen Paul, your way behind times and you are not helping re-peal OBAMACARE. Please go to the beach and come back when WE call for you! #MAGA
You people on Congress had 8 yrs to figure this out and did nothing, zero, nada!  The American People are fed up and disgusted!  DO YOUR JOB
Rand Paul is all about Rand Paul nothing else!
He is actually the only one fighting for true health care reform duhh
His way or no way isn't a solution!
Come on Republicans, you have had seven years to repeal and replace! So all that time you lazy SOB's have done nothing! Get er done right!
Time to vote out @RandPaul out. Republicans that want to run for senate get out there an let known.
Vote out Dems/libs they want the government to run our lives. Vote them out !!!
You should have looked and you would have seen all my tweets to this.  Figures.
We will vote them out. You didn't think Trump would get this far.  You all were wrong. Praise the lord. #MAGA
