Yes, let's take insurance away from millions of people. That should fix the problem nicely!
Sorry. I didn't mean to imply taking away health care. Must be repeal AND replace with something better.
read what @RandPaul said: "repeal, *then* have a debate on how to replace it." What happens in the interim?
yes, what to do during interim. Unwinding this mess needs brains and will. Congressional clowns have neither.
in the interim, those who lose their insurance due to repeal, well, tough luck for them, correct?
we must not let that happen.
but that's what *will* happen if you repeal first, then debate (for how long?) and even later replace - as Sen. Paul wants.
I'm not convinced anyone knows how to unwind this without a delayed repeal or time machine. It's a make before break switch.
. @RandPaul really? & what do ppl do 4 health insurance while waiting 4 u fools 2 agree on a bill? #GOPCYA
You know HC is available, right? Why do you need government to solve all your problems? @RandPaul
HC is available how?
By purchasing it. @RandPaul
in the meantime we still have to go to doctors. You dick.
Come up with a good plan that will not hurt people who need it the most, then repeal.
And in the meantime...? What are people supposed to do for proper medical care while you take your time debating?
Pray to GOD?
Call your senator and.never give up on the #ACA
The first option is probably the safest
AMEN to the believe in affordable #Healthcare trust in God and your own immune system!
then you don't need Insurance then
a MASSIVE, MASSIVE Thank You for standing up against Ryan and the Swamp Rebublicans!!!
will there be more of coverage on pre existing? Ins has never covered hearing aids past age 19 which is nuts it should
you have no real option Mr flim flam man. Do you take your own pills?
I hope that's what happens. That's what I voted for, not just an Establishment Republican Spit Shine on Obamacare
well Mr self sufficient you don't need insurance then do ya
You already know what to do.Tort reform, ins across state lines You guys will never get it done with "debate", just waste time
except to provide a militia..they're only reason for existence by the way
let Trump get democrats to get health care plan. #freedomfreaks had their chance. Piss on them
these assholes were planning this all along that is why they sabotaged Trump and Ryan.
All of you know that the best solution is single payer medicare. That is the smartest one, you can't screw the voters on that
I agree  . Work on it.
Since Obamacre is in place, you can't just take it from people.  I am so tired of hearing Conservatives are heartless.
so u want ppl to lose their plans and have nothing while you debate over how to put in a new plan?
Or debate on replacing @SpeakerRyan and those who could figure out, in 8 years, how to create & pass a new bill.
Well you had PLENTY OF YEARS to work on it & now we're STILL STUCK with the shit
freedofreaks are all liars and backstabbers! Don't trust them!
NO. NO. NO. U goofs must have a BETTER plan for replacement PRIOR to repeal! Don't leave voters dangling-sick ppl worried
this RN says ABSOLUTELY ! Government can't run healthcare...it would be impossible for government to run anything efficiently
Idiot
YOU'VE HAD 7 YEARS TO DEBATE! Why can I buy auto and life insurance across state lines but not health? ADDRESS THAT RAND!
Amen...that buying insurance across state lines is key to premiums coming down, it is competition!
.
but what happens to the people on the ACA nightmare if it's just repealed? I'm Type 1 diabetic, where would I get insurance? 
these clowns were planning this all along they purposefully sabotaged Trump and Ryan.
u guys didnt' do a great job debating THIS repeal. What makes you think will do a good job coming up with good replace bill.
only losers today. 7 yrs and the GOP can't agree that some change is better than none?! You don't pay we do
It's done. Obamacare is here to stay. Paul Ryan and Tom Donohue have already made that decision.
just repeal and get government out of our lives?  If you want to get control over some1 start with congress. @RealJamesWoods
I'm a Republican and this is a messed up idea. Stop. Solve something
how bout repeal and let the public deal with it. It worked before. Gov needs to shut their hole and know their role.
here's a thought, put a program together now that can pass, then repeal AHCA. I realize you guys want to take a lifetime but ....
Wrong
Here's how to replace it after repeal: Don't.  #RepealDontReplace
to many ppl want too much Repeal Don't Replace
Model it after what is working! @AtlasMD
Let's get government out of health care all together. Government is what's fucking it up. Like everything else it touches.
how about giving us the same health insurance the politicians have
You don't want debate, you want your way. 40 votes does not get you everything you want. But it stops over 200 others. Rediculous
You guys aretruly clueless.Trump saved your Party from permanent oblivion if Hillary had won.And you can't vote for his 1st Bill?!
yes
FULLY REPEAL BUT, DON'T REPLACE IT!! WE NEED GOVT OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE!!
Currently @RandPaul is my favorite Senator. ... Subject to change
How about acting like grown ups and do what the PEOPLE need. Create a great healthcare plan and stop the bullshit.
Great idea.  Set the effective date in the future so the insurers can resurrect the old plans we used to have. No suffering at all

#DevelopingStory
Albanian PM @ediramaal takes dirty cash for shipments of  nuclear waste dumped on undisclosed locations?
 
rand you need to put on your big boy pants and grow up.
that would be irresponsible. You are hired to fix not destroy
please explain what happens during the interim to those that buy their own insurance? Can't assume anything will be available
Then do it !! What's your problem !! Get it done !! Come on all talk and no action !! You get it Repealed! Work as hard as @POTUS
bad idea. Gop MUST have a new plan in place thats a real solution for America that blows aca away and makes GOP wise
You're up to bat! Debate, but you have a 2-3 month window to get it right! 7 years should've gelled a solid replacement healthcare plan!
@bawlaw99 @FoxNews as people die from not getting treatment your opinion on how to catch dogs won't even be welcome.
Y don't you have the debate, THEN repeal&replace so my business&employees premiums don't go up while ur figuring it out!
how about citizens with no healthcare send their bills to you to pay? Obamacare must be replaced as soon as it is repealed.
I see you speaking, but not doing. @RandPaul #deedsnotwords
Yes! If it is repealed then folks on both sides will start working the problem! Anything but repeal is an Ocare fix.
I agree 100 percent. I support Trump on most issues, but he has always favored socialized medicine. P. Ryan's a puppet of donors.
You GOP stooges can't even do what you said you'd do in the first place. We cannot have millions of "citizens" without Healthcare!
What a joke! You don't even have the votes to repeal. Replace wouldn't get done in Trump's 4 yrs. You're hopeless losers.
- why isn't here. Real plan ready NOW?  What the hell have all of you been doing for 7+ years?  No excuse.  #jobfail!
- no Mr. Paul.  Why don't you and all the R's get a plan that is real conservatism and freedom from govt and THEN R & R!
I struggle with this Dr. Paul UHC has benefits which I saw when sick in Australia but my Libertarian streak makes me wary. Complex
wouldn't it make more sense to have the open debate then repeal and replace? Help me understand; why repeal first without replace?
TO GET RID OF IT!!!!!
you think the GOP could agree on a replacement with dem help? No. And the rplcmt would actually happen? Pipe dream. Gop 52 not 60.
That's backwards and irresponsible. Create a solution first.
what's been done last 7 yrs? Repeal and improve Medicaid &ADC...Leave personal ins alone.
Yaaaay we're all stuck with Obamacare. Way to go RINOs good luck explaining this come 2018. 
2/2 Lower drug prices, and have a open market, so every one can compete.
Why can't we go back to the way it was, and just expand Medicaid to the ones that have it for 1 yr until they can get a job.
why can't I buy health ins like I do auto ins go online select what benefits I want and get a premium Quote?
If #Obamacarerepeal occurs, wouldn't insurance companies begin to move to the free market? They still need to generate revenues.
What about those whose premiums will skyrocket in the meantime, when subsidy removed? Many were forced into this.
You destroyed any trust you had. You enabled the dems and split the party for you own ego needs. #MAGAMARCH #AHCAVote America lost, you won.
Yeah, I really wish we had been able to take #healthcare away from poor people too. sad. very sad.
#MAGA #TrumpTrain
Poor people have always had HC. ObamaCare is a burden for middle class and employers that will die on its own. For Good.
My rural family and father have healthcare because of medicaid expansion, which #Trumpcare removed
No! Gather all the various factions, get in a room, hash out a plan! NO MORE GRANDSTANDING!
DemocRats & MSM will show every hour on the hour the "victims" of repeal without some replacement. Are you ready for that? DO IT
@PhinsDiehard who keeps voting this people into office? #TermLimits
why are politicians too obtuse to realize our healthcare system needs reformed? Exhibit A- the epi-pen.
These guys don't seem to realize their re-election prospects are tied to the repeal & replace of Obamacare
@WendyDamron Yes! What's wrong with giving everyone tossed off Obamacare a voucher till the replacements installed?
@WendyDamron @FoxNews Yes, let's.
#Ryan opened tge door saying Phase 2 is pure Sec.#Price REGULATION,no required votes!-OK-Do it Day #1 or 2..Not yrs Later
Why not change REGULATIONS Essential Cover,Insurer fines=Insurers can vary Policies TOMORROW if no consequence @AppSame
@TomCottonAR @SenMikeLee @TPPatriots @realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls @PressSec @drginareghetti @TuckerCarlson If vary+public happy=Ph3 VOTE
wish I could RT Ad infinitum #itsnotrocketscience #youarenottheSavior
My senator, Senator Rand Paul,  has my support full repeal of Obamacare. I prefer repeal and no replacement; I'll review!
Like catestrophic insurance, health savings accounts, choices of PPO, HMO, allowing insurance carriers to sell across state lines
Haven't Democrats and Republicans both submitted plans for replacement? I sure hope they have already done that!
have to have replacement replacement plan before repealing.
no replacement, just repeal. PERIOD
Government has no Buisness in health care its more control by a few
#and no Obama care light
why not come up with a better solution first before you take away people's health care? The sequence of actions matters
You'll replace it with #TrumpsCorporateCare
Most irresponsible cockamamy and sure to fail method of replacing Obamacare.

Dems will not give you 8 votes to succeed
Are you guys sure you are not working for the DNC?

No chance they are going to give you 8 votes

Never going to happen
Problem is GOP doesn't have NEEDED 60 votes. NEED 8 Dems

Think Dems are going to help you?

Ryan plan has better chance
Just repeal it! No replacement!
R's have talked repeal/replace/8 yrs. every R campaigned on repeal/replace/ 8 yrs. &now it's time&they're all lost
really bad idea Paul.
I think you are so right, Senator Paul! I hope Press. Trump agrees with you!
AARP Opposes Health Care Bill
great idea! YOU MUST BE BRAIN DEAD if you think your constituents want that, kiss your job goodbye, just FIX IT
@KB5Patriot @FoxNews 
No fix for Obama care It's a real stink a roo
Destined to fail. Attempt fixing it & get labeled
Trumpcare
YESSSSSSS!
Follow GA's Peachcare 4 low income & pre-exist.Get health out of Commerce Clause and do some tort reform! #getgovoutofmyhealthcare
YOU CAN'T REPEAL UNLESS YOU HAVE THE NEW ONE READY!!!
@GeneLingerfelt  my idea:repeal then put indigents on medi care have means testing no illegals do not overcharge to pay for others
Fully support UR call Senator Paul; I wud call my Congressman but unfortunately it's @SpeakerRyan who has NEVER listened to us

I agree with you. Keep fighting!
@LittlePete8 it's going collapse if not repealed
@Dlw20161950 @POTUS I think I agree with Rand. Repeal it, keep the people on the current plan until we find a better one.
agree, never trusted Trump
Be sincere! You know if you flat out repeal, there is no way to get the votes needed for a replace!
Which is what @POTUS had promised to do! Too many things to accomplish for you to play games now! Work together now!
agree obama care must go. how would you cover the poor and 11 mil added by obama care?
Why not figure out the future state before creating chaos? So sick of Republicans and their bullshit ideology.
1/2 @RandPaul That's completely idiotic. If you're incapable debating and deciding on a replacement before repeal, you have two options
2/2 @RandPaul Leave the ACA in place or resign so smarter people can do your job.
why do U obfuscate deliberately? Senate rules require this bill as is. Change it later.
Kentucky's working people are pound to call you our Senator...Stick to ur conservative principles...
I completely agree...Why r we paying the costs for 26yr old? Why health insurance can't be purchased across state lines?
We are saving the country, they hide behind 60-vote rule by Thos Jefferson. Change rules by simple majority, #MAGA!
Harry Reid did it! Dems have said they will not cooperate. Go nuclear! They hate us anyway--but people will love us
Let's make healthcare costs transparent! Stop excessive, surprise hospital bills!Insured or uninsured we are blindsided by costs!
OPEN DEBATE? And in the meantime you senators keep your health insurance and the rest of us die waiting on you? You're a sell out!
cart. horse.
@MsDianaFrances Bad idea! The Dems will do everything to stop replacement and the media will showcase mean Repub stories.
well thats pretty stupid. Just because Republican  idiots after faking replacements, have nothing.
8 yrs, no plan what do we do for insurance while u boobs are trying to find a replacement?
Replace with a free market plan. No lapse penalty, give Docs tax write offs for charity services, Block grants to states for poor.
@McConnellPress Respectfully sir, KY Voters would like the same health care you have. Not your version of wealth care.
That is the only thing that makes sense. Keep up the good fight!
SAD!
have to disagree Senator. Let's have an open debate on how to improve it and then do it. Don't just pull the rug out.
I agree to fully repeal. I question Replacement? Excuse me, but isn't Obamacare the takeover of 1/6 of the US economy?  Kill it.
If this is viable option? I'm all for it!!
-Whatever plan you pass it should be mandatory that ALL who pass it are on it!!!!
-Yeh and how long is that gonna take? None of you people can make a cohesive decision.Patients don't have the luxury of time
YES!
no repeal until replacement is ready. We don't trust Congress
@Mike_Beacham And Congress stops taking pay and loses all benefits until an acceptable replacement is found. You need incentive.
@Mike_Beacham @FoxNews Need compromise for victory. Too many working poor need medicaid expansion, but can be phased out by 2020
Lets have a debate first so people aren't left w/o insurance. Logistically Ins companies can't even have policies & literature to sell polic
Invoke the Commerce Clause to encourage insurance to bid across state lines.
why not get all the docs from both parties in one room and start with just you guys??
Nothing in the Constitution permits Fed Govt to direct health care. Genrl.Welfare concerns states -- not individuals.
Fund a beta site for local doctors to list their fees. Encourage arbitration. The Sakai Family in San Jose, CA can do this.
@reg1776 @FoxNews I heard Congress is only working 8days in April? Not normal times now get off asses and do the Peoples Business!
Thank you @RandPaul, a sensible plan!  We need to #repealobamacare!!!
It doesn't work that way @RandPaul pls don't blow this! Our country is at stake from the regressive left! Bigger fights! @reg1776
@MariaBartiromo @FoxNews let the house do its job and u senators can when it reaches u.
Do it! Kill us all! Oh except yourselves
does replacing include getting the fed out of it?
If the GOP thinks the progressive snowflakes protest wildly, watch what happens when they break their promise of #FullRepeal
@AnnettePendleb4 @FoxNews what do we do in the interim?
@Ezinger44 political suicide. Awful idea. Repeal replace is correct way to do this. @SpeakerRyan is absolutely right on this.
too bad RyanCare would've failed America it was ObamaCare 2.0
it was the only thing that could of passed without filibuster
how come Dr ben carson has not been able to help with a plan? I trust ben carson. A doctor that cares for the people.
Exactly, we do not want another entitlement program!!! I agree with you. Mr Ryan does not have my vote . No Obama Lite.
You guys had 6 years to debate. What you got now will fail. It does not have the most important element-the individual mandate
Thank you! An open debate is how it should have been done eight years ago.
it will never happen. This club is too stupid to figure it out
if you do this, it will be years before you get a chance to pass anything and we lose the mid terms
No! You have a responsibility to Americans to inform them what your plan is before you can take away what we already have!
@BarbMuenchen @FoxNews What happened 8 years ago if we wanted it we took it on our own.. NOT the government making us take it..
@BarbMuenchen @FoxNews Let's Do it...YES!!!
At the same time, repeal and replace.
@POTUS Of course it should not be repealed w/o being replaced! Not smart.
Hard core conservative groups are collecting campaign cash by bucking the healthcare bill. Sounds like a hard left tactic to me
FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DON'T REPEAL IF YOU CAN'T REPLACE!!!!
@Timpanist @FoxNews @GOP had 8+ years to come up with good healthcare legislation if they were so inclined. #theyDON'TcareAboutYOU
dumb. Obamacare was the first attempt to have a national healthcare system. You came up with nothing for so many years.
That would be pretty dumb... Politically and practically.
what happens when you repeal and dems won't let anything pass
Rand - you're holding up tax reform while trying to stay in the spotlight. Yes there are some compromises in the bill.
@satin_silkn If We can't get all 3 phases passed by both houses, then none should be signed by President, & we go with your idea.
@MariaBartiromo @FoxNews Absolutely Correct Has to GO
