Thank you @RandPaul. One of the extremely few bright spots in DC these days.
So bright that nothing get done
If you mean "getting things done" = expanding the role of government then, yes, he is a bright spot for fighting against that.
Trump is not expanding  the government
He is trying  to make it smaller. Give the man a chance. Tax bill is to decrease  taxes.
Please ping me when Trump takes on entitlement reform (now including Trumpcare) to actually reduce size & role of FedGovernment.
What e entitlement do think people would for. Taking welfare  away  would be a great one. Make people get a job  and be responsible.
Entitlements = SocSec, Medicare, Medicaid & Trumpcare. Without reform to those, cutting tax rates is just rearranging Titanic's deck chairs.
Socsec can't be reform for our senior. They were forced to pay all their lives.  It's not their fault the government  does it. Give it a cha
Considering Kentucky is ranked 47th amoung education attainment, I'm guessing not many Kentuckians could give a rat's ass about the debt.
You should be a shame of yourself.
Me? Or @RandPaul ?
Beware the orange goons will be coming after you on 0CARE.
If you used Obama care you would  think different.  You don't  know what you are talking about
#ACA saved my family about $6000 a year in medical costs! fortunate to have insurance through my employer but i have seen great savings
Someone else is paying if you are saving.
You have never  been a team person. But, you love to stick your nose everywhere. You  love to talk talk talk.
Should probably put your foot down for all the non essential spending the POTUS has us racking up.
Wish he had control of that.  He's in the senate though.
Who had control of that?
The house has the power of the purse.
We are talking about the travel expenses for the POTUS.
Not to mention Rand Paul is the only one who put forth a balanced budget and didn't vote for the senate budget.
But who fights dat hairdo Rand?
They sent you to DC because they wanted you as far away as possible
Your out of control!! All lies, conservatives values only matter when Democrats are in power .ALL BS
And God Bless the part of Kentucky that voted for Rand Paul!
What did Kentuckians send the senior senator to do then?
A KY Deplorable thanks you. That's why we sent you!
@realceccpoint you were wirtapped by opama
You’re in the wrong party.
@LizMair Keep that in mind when you approach the morass that is #Trumpcare, Senator. #CountryBeforeParty
Keep up the fight Rand, you are one of the few that's making since.
Can you get 1 female to work on Senate version of health care
Did they send you to work for Russia?
@IndivisibleNKY4 @Indivisible_KY3 How about looking out for our water, our data, my overtime pay. #standindivisible #TOWNHALLNOW
The South! Lol! https://twitter.com/_NotFakeNews_/status/860186269317562370 …
That would be because retirees flee the north when they no longer need to work there.
Trust me no northern would move to South Carolina. NC, VA, FL yes.
Kentuckians seem to like Kentucky Kynect, will you vote on their behalf on this?
Just don't tell them it's the same thing as Obamacare, which they reflexively hate.
Oooh. So brave.
You keep on believin'! Put on some Rush and break out that well thumbed copy of Atlas Shrugged.
That was a huugge cave to Democrats.  Disappointment!
All 142 family members of mine that live in KY will make damn sure you don't get another term! You would be smart to support President Trump
You are the conscious of the GOP! Too bad the GOP has lost their way. They are not advocates of small government.
Reducing deficit spending starts with  Lowering Taxes and controlling costs of health care.  It can't be done the first year.
.@RandPaul agree. Better remind that other Senator from Kentucky
thank you.  Our government takes the taxpayers' money for granted.
Thank you @RandPaul.
Omnibus... A vehicle that delivers PORK.
good for you
Stay right on point Rand !!!
Remember Dr that we need you to help make the new AMERICARE  (ACHA) Bigly awesome.  #PatientFirst
I trust our @POTUS @RandPaul You cannot continue to defy everything! Did you resist BHO!
Thank you senator!!
Wish someone would list what's really in this bill . Ppl r being lied to
Thank you Senator Paul! You, Ted and Mike Lee have to save us on this God forsaken healthcare bill.  You three have the support of 90% of us
Thanks Rand. I really wish you were president right now.
You notice it's not Trump care, no Trump in the bill name. It's AMERICAN bill.
Help get holistic & naturopath healing paid for by health care it will solve most issues, and pharmaceutical costs! HELP, Help!
Move to Texas please! I know it would be a step down but Kevin Brady has got to go.
Thank you @RandPaul for being the voice for millions of Americans across this beautiful nation. Keep fighting the good fight!
Not only that WE DIDN'T EVEN GET OUR WALL OR DE FUNDING OF SANCTUARY CITIES
#StandWithRand
Now vote against #AHCA. We want #FullRepeal or we can just give up and plan for #SinglePayerNow
Now vote against this shit Affordable Care Act
All the while you support spending gazillions for killing of humans in countries you don't even know of. And in your own country.
Kentucky is a broke a$$ state so why don't you fix your state first.
Hope you and your colleagues realize that the road to tax reform depends on ACA repeal. Almost every page in ACA left law up to SECY HHS
Unfortunately, most of spending in the Bill comes from Obama. Give @POTUS a chance as each new spending Bill should move in the right dir
If I'm not mistaken, Obama is no longer in WH. Why adhering to BHO spending agenda? So exasperating!
@tempteststorm2 Rep were sent 2 give & take. We need larger majority 2 govern. If nothing is done we lose 2018. Another SCOTUS coming. Bend

Get rid of the Filibuster Rule so we don't have to negotiate with terrorist again
How did that work out for you?  Just another wasted seat.
vote against TrumpCare too
again I am thanking you. You were my first pick for @POTUS ♡♡♡
You have support in Arkansas too!
In WV too!
They also sent you there to GET THINGS DONE...not JUST stonewall EVERYTHING!!
yes but you lied about having a Bill ready didn't you?  All talk and NO show is the trademark of controlled opposition.
keep up the work.....next battle is in September for 2018 budget....will determine if gop can increase majority
Thank you
Yeah it was just another waste of $$$ why don't they understand how to cut spending ever?
Rand Paul for speaker of the house.
and that's why we Kentuckians continue to vote for you and @ThomasMassieKY, we need @GOP
Keep talking to @realDonaldTrump. He is bound to respect your conservative insight more and more. Keep it up! Help him with AHCA in the Sen.
Will you read the TrumpCare bill before voting on it (unlike the GOP House did)?
No they didn't! At least not by the present administration.
Thank you so much.
Good  job!
Rand Paul I am so glad you are on our side please stop their stupid money grabbing ways
I don't agree with you often but on this I do. It should have been vetoed.
Just be sure they didn't send you to DC to get you out of the state
Way to go!!
Thank God someone has principles.
I want to know where I can find a copy of what you proposed to fix that mess Obama did to us!
ily
That bill deserves every expletive I know and some more I don't! Thank you for always standing for us! #StandWithRand
Yes we did and thank you.
Associations for individuals and ability to shop across State lines!  Negotiate quickly and on to tax reform!' Small businesses need both!
Have members n Congress 4gotten that most States already have laws regarding pre-existing conditions no discrimination no denying insurance
& that reported 8 Billion Dollars for insurance companies to cover pre-existing conditions is reported to actually be 130 Billion over 10yrs
I'm with a bro.
Thank you.
Good Now how about the Health Care bill?
I am disappointed to hear that . But understand not everyone can agree with everything . You are doing a fine job for America.
If u read what was really in bill u would agree . We r being lied to . But go ahead support it when it's passed u find out on u
Nonsense lies are what democrats do.
.
Wow
You are a do nothing politician. It's easy to always just say no.
Thank you! You are right on. And about subsidizing insurance companies. Keep fighting and we have your back! 
Can't you use your considerable speaking skills & good common sense to persuade other Sens to see the light? I am worried about my country!
Thanks. Just don't give up. I know you won't, because the difficult things are worth the effort.
Thats because McConnell sold out last week . Funding. 4  coalminers was in the budget.
True but if Dems actually believed everyone would stick together & fight Dems instead of ea other might have kept it lower
We sent you there to make it better? Is that what you did "No" did that make it better????
Like your vote mattered, it still passed and is another reason why America didn't vote for you in the presidential race! get a clue Rand
Thank you!
Just remember you have a Republican president now, you were mostly MIA under a Democratic president.
While everyone will admit that the bill is not perfect, it's a heck of a lot better than what we had so I'm glad about that. Obamacare
I fully support President Trump, but I was a @RandPaul a supporter until he had to bow out of the race.
And instead you neutered the FCC and gave telecoms even greater power to screw Kentuckians over w their award winning CS. Thanks for that.
Keep it up
the fed prints money - you can't run out of debt but yes inflation
Yes. Please get House and Senate back to sanity in appropriations.  Individual bills - make ppl declare what they stand for.
I wish Ohio could send you too...
I wish you were my Senator. PLEASE move to Ohio.
Thank U 4 seeing t spending bill 4 what it was. A BIG disappointment! Slap in t face 2 those who voted 4 Trump! Bulldoze everything we need
You will be voting yourself out of a job very soon!
We love you, @RandPaul
It's a start and you and others need to see that's why most are there, because of Trump
The problem is right in front of ur face his name is Paul Ryan. He signed the omnibus bill under Obama 4 $1 trillion & another 1 under Trump
Vote against the obamalite bill also. Full repeal only
By voting NO, did it end up costing us more? Seems like the Democrats got way too much.
Thanks for standing!
With the diaster Obama made of our country spending 10 trillion dollars by himself and throwing our money on stupid shit. Fix that!
The bill is not perfect. But neither was past 8 years you spent doing nothing. You had 8 years to work on 1better. Perhaps it's just u suck
Keep it up...especially when Rhino's fund Planned Parenthood!!!!
Lol. Anyone who believes this is incredibly naive.
Vote your self OUT?
They sent you there to build the military & border protection. .So do it so u think u can control with doing nothing ARE YOU A DEMOCRAT
Shhh stop making Rino's look bad, by pointing out how they screw the average  citizens.
Thank you sir!
Thank you for being fiscally responsible- there very little common sense in Congress-very disappointed in them
You're one of the few who stands for the Constitution, Friend!
Thank you!  I am so glad that we have YOU representing us!
We Conservative Texans appreciate your valiant work also!
@TwoAForever Good Luck! because "We the People" (aka the taxpayers and thier' children and grandchildren) are paying for it.
Screw up everything you can for the people of Kentucky You won't get elected again unless you run as a democrat you seem to be one anyway
Thank goodness your constituents have good Representation.  Sadly, us in California are seriously lacking honorable representative.
With Pelosi, Waters, Feinstein, and Brown I can't imagine how bad those guys are
If we only had more like you Dr Paul.
Love you.
Good for you Rand!
Thanks. And I'm not even from Kentucky.
Good for you!  I'm liking you more every day.  Thanks for standing up against these career politicians!
The Rino continues to show his true colors.
But you dont JUST REPRESENT Kentucky! Middle class America has been abused for years, time for a little TLC on a few issues.
It still can be polished up in the senate
Calm down!  It was Obama's budget.  You'll get it right the next time, and then it will ALL be on you!
I got to hand it to you, sir.  You are a man of your word.  Thank you for your service to your state and to our country....
Work on the Senate to make needed changes!!
Thank you.  The government has no money.  We the people have the money and it needs to be carefully spent.
At least there's a few conservative thinkers still in the GOP
Now go to work and rework this thing to get gov out of healthcare subsidies! Large group pools of people will work! New rules- elected on i
As long as we have Baseline budget system we'll never get out of debt & u no it! I'll believe u when u ID BB 2 PPL so they no what prob is.
it's great to see a politician that cares about the American people! #ThankYou
No one cares about that no vote.  We care about the no vote on #Ryancare we expect you to vote no.
Sen. Paul. .  Republicans need MAJOR wins in 2018 to make big changes.  This is that 1st. Step
Best Politician in the country
Hey rand. In case you didn't kno it, we are $20 trillion in debt.The interest on this debt exceeds our GDP. Our monetary system will implode
Are you going to vote against Ryan/trump care?
Spending bill supports planned parenthood, sanctuary cities and no border wall.Is Trump supporting this !???.What happened to his promises?.
When will you do an interview with Infowars?
Thank you.
Absolutely rand.
I love my senator! Way to go!
And fix health care. For the last 6 years no one did a thing. Sad!
Good!
Thank you!!! Can we hope for a govt shutdown in Sept?
if we could just get accountability the rest would sort it self out.
Bet you'll vote for the AHCA though. God help the US if you change the rules to pass like you did for SCOTUS - 2018 is gonna suck for GOP
Thank you Senator Paul.
Please stay strong! My prayers are with you.
I hope you stay in Congress for another 6 years
@docdhj can you post a list of others who did the same?
Thank you sir.
Big Deal! "GET IN THERE AN GOVERN" or "GET THE HELL OUT"! @realDonaldTrump @tedcruz
Keep on fighting Sir. I really appreciate this!
where are the real conservatives? RINO's bad!!!
Atta boy
Not from Kentucky but thank you for your vote
Now convince the other Republicans to get their heads out of their asses.
Ths bill's quite rdiclus & Repubs are going 2 pay 4 bs come 2018. Cn't they do wht those who elected thm wanted? BTW TY 4 ur vote.
Hell yeah good job Rand!!!
Thank you, Senator - keep fighting the good fight!
I wish I could like this more than once! Thank you rand!
You know people almost started to like you
Thank you.  We need more people who understand that #DebtIsBad!
So ur one of the boneheads,uh!
If you ask me, if Americans can be allowed to exit out of Social Security and Medicare that would be great.
Off course you did...  yay you who has a well paying job, comprehensive healthcare.  Shall I continue?
We have to pass an amendment that forbids the federal government from being in the benefit/entitlement/subsidy business. #20Trillion
This is the type of winning we expect of @realDonaldTrump he is failing big time filling swamp vs draining it. He has wrong advisors
I didn't know Rand Paul was a Democrat until today !
Can't believe you supported Trump for President. Major let down. But thanks for at least standing up to his BS.
Senator Rand Paul ignores everything Director Mulvaney has said about how this Budget is a win. Hes so caught up in himself he ignores facts
Get at it Rand.
