Rand Paul thanks for apparently being the only Republican who cares about our national debt. No one else from either party appears to care.
Why Rand are you running for POTUS against President Trump? Sure sounds like it from your Hot Air and never voting for anything. @FoxNews
most GOP are a bunch of spineless, cowardly, political mercantilist back stabbers! Time to repeal and replace with true revolutionaries!
How can you be opposed to debt but support massive tax cuts for the wealthy? Oh, you mean you will just axe every safety net in America?

The problem is that most Americans want EU-level safety net with US level taxes. Not sustainable.
@WaydeDe @veteran423 ......what us voters are asking you to do, Rand Paul:  stop playing games & stop being an obstructionist.
Rand, do you stand for the Constitution Only & The American agenda? RINOS are traitors!
Are you going to block another bill and thwart the will of the people who voted for Pres Trump's agenda? We want these tax cuts this year.
Thank you for being a man who honors his word!!! I voted for you!

You are dealing with greedy senators who take money from all the lobbyists. They have there own agendas and we are sick of them doing 0
Legalize Marijuana = Problems Solved
End congressional/senatorial pensions. The avg congressman/senator is a millionaire. Why waste our dollars paying people who don’t need it?
My guess is that you have to accept some compromise, given the thin majority in Congress, or accept status quo that you seem doing.
Thank you!
Rand need to resign from Congress and get a crustal ball and stop wasting our time
Will believe it when I see it
So why cut taxes? Bring down the debt then cut taxes. Less debt leads to low interest, higher stock prices  & better economy.
Thank you for voting no on this horrible budget.  Amash, Biggs, & Massie are the only ones with you that care about spending
So you're saying it's a great time to build a stupid, ineffective wall?
 you &the GOP have no clue what being on a real budget is & then having politicians play life & death with things you need like EDU & HC
So, for all the times the GOP lost their heads over the deficit, they were bullshitting?

Got it. 

Thanks, Rand.
1.5 trillion to the deficit.
"...act like we really believe..." Even that would be an improvement.
@GOP does NOT care anything at all about creating debt and you know it, Sen. Paul.
Unfortunately congress does NOT believe debt is a problem and they look at TAXPAYERS as their personal piggy bank
That's the problem. There's not enough responsible politicians in our gov.
We as a family live w/in a budget. We must. Why can't Congress? They take in record taxes yet it's never enough
Can we start by cutting your salary and eliminating all benefits once you're voted out of office? I mean it. Y'all are leaches.
No, YOU have become the problem. Get out of the way!
Strange now NO one was worried about the debt when that black Bastard was president... All he did was spend spend spend on NOTHING!
Rand Paul rep been in power in rep sen and House they have screw up USA try to kill AFCHealth because Black Presdi OBama pass it. R P youLie
The debts not a problem; out of sight, out of mind.
As I vote for huge budget busting tax cuts
Okay Just don't Steal more from our Military while Subsidizing unworthy Causes, Too much Waste that is NOT IN OUR MILITARY sir...clean it up
In a world of lies, truth is scorned, but keep up the fight sir.
Please cut wasteful spending & slush funds...
Amen, brother!
Stop using my taxes to kill babies.  Do not pass tax cut without defunding planned parenthood
You endorsed Mr. RACIST MOORE who you believe in
VOTE YES, AND START CUTTING SOME OF THE 300BB OF WASTE FRAUD AND ABUSE.  YOU JUST SEEK ATTENTION.  STOP ALREADY.
We must reduce the debt and stop inflation, cut spending, spend no money on a stupid wall, single payer healthcare, increase 30% tax on rich
We need term limits.
I love @RandPaul
Let's go all out and repeal the 17th amendment. Give senatorial power back to the States
What are you really saying?
Randy, there's a big debt. Let's start w/ your total lack Decency. Palling around w/ Judge Roy Moore. Were you/are you high or just drunk?
@RandPaul I am sorry, but you know, and we know, that it will never matter to those in congress that are simply there to steal tax payer $$.
End the Fed. That's where all of the real debt is.
The @SenateGOP responsible? Long gone are those days @RandPaul.
#StandWithRand
Vote yes on this budget so hard working Americans can get their tax cuts.. You will have a lot of freshman repubs 2 work with in 2018.
Debt is slavery

The establishment acts like the budget is rocket science.  It is not.  STOP SPENDING!  Start by cutting foreign aid, send refugees back.
I support you. Plus I loved the WKU hat playing golf with the Prez
It’s a nice thing to say but please don’t fold like you did on healthcare
You're talking to establishment politicians who buy votes through spending our tax dollars
Yup.
The country cannot afford Obamacare
I’m with ya Senator. Remind them what the Republican platform stands for what it means to be a conservative
I like @RandPaul and agree we must cut something from the budget to balance it, but I do not want to cut from military spending when we need to be creating new weapons technology to defeat nukes
Barring the likability of Congress, you are only one of a few senators that seem to really care about our future
He is awesome. Only man there with any financial sense. Budgets don’t have feelings. It’s cold hard truth. You either have $ or you don’t.
Do you think a Schumer Senate will pass a Balanced Budget? If you stop this Budget or Tax Bill up that's who you'll be working for
The Fiat money system is the problem, raising the debt ceiling for the last 16 years is also the problem.
Keep Trump and his sheep in line. Vote no on the deficit raising tax plan
Nah. Let the grandkids pay for it.
Are you taking a vote no position again?
Thank You LEADER Senator Paul.
Identifying the "Root Cause" will enable Congress to provide US the best resolution.
Cheers to US...Amen!
Why can you not learn from History? Why do you insist on doing the same thing over & over expecting different results? It won't happen.
Pass the bill! Put BS aside and get something done
Need to get to the bottom of the budget loop holes and spending... to actually have a debt safe proof plan. America is going to need it.
Don't give up hope, things are chang8ng, for the better, I hope
Nobody gives a shit about your fixation, Ayn. Sorry excuse for a public servant.
But you’re unwilling to cut military spending. That puts you talking out of both sides of your mouth.
You’ll have to be a part of draining the Washington Swamp for that to happen. Congress no longer leads with integrity if they ever did
The way to rectify that is to raise taxes. It takes money to operate & the rich/corporate giveaways & loopholes make it impossible to fund.
You really believe Drumpf cares about the debt? Now you are Trumphumper.
95 ney - shameful! Wow.
Debt is a prob but no one will  pass a solution. Now an incremental approach.  Vote for  budget & throw mid class a bone. Killing us.
If we don’t create new debt our economy collapses ... not sure which one of your buddies is willing to be the fall guy. Appears no one.
If we could rid ourselves of the corruption I daresay we'd have PLENTY of money!
THE NEW HOLLYWOOD.
Huge cave found on moon, could house astronauts: Japan scientists https://www.yahoo.com/news/huge-cave-found-moon-could-house-astronauts-japan-072946568.html?.tsrc=fauxdal …
I thought you revered the First Amendment. 

So, why endorse Roy Moore? 

You can’t be for both.
Thank you for proposing common sense bills, if they don't pass at least we can see who votes against the American people paying their salary
Show those turds who’s boss
Agree. @SenateGOP pushing huge deficit spending b/c they want to give rich dudes a tax cut is close to immoral @freedomcaucus
Thank you Senator for doing your job
If you vote to kill our tax cuts, I’m going to be Very angry.
I hate to compare but you're not like your father. The problem is many of your colleagues are liars; if you are for America, be for us.
MadCOW! Senator, you must understand how we got here & where every American is now; there should not limitations now for Americans losing
Only 5 yes votes for the Paul amendment. More proof that neither party cares too much for fiscal responsibility.
Move to England please 
You need to support this
Vote for the bill!
Thank you for seemingly being one of the only politicians who actually gives a damn.
Yes!
At least you were able to achieve a Bipartisan agreement - they ALL want to spend more - Keep up the fight!!   @realDonaldTrump take notice!
Trump supporters and the #Resistance are too quiet on this subject matter. Especially the money we’re spending in Afghanistan for nothing.
Actually I think you'll find most Trump supporters liking Rand Paul.
Roy Moore? .. really?
Its a problem. But for 8 yrs Americans have been abused by incompetent and blatantly abusive spending. Now you want us to suck it up AGAIN?
8 years?
Universal Healthcare Rand, we deserve it and we can afford it. 

We can afford $700B worth of boondoggle, no reason we can't afford this.

You're the best Rand. #MAGA
if you want a tax cuts, spending most come down, simple yet congress seems to not get it
I can agree with this. We need to stop being so spend-happy.
All of u are #LIARS
There are a few good ones but yeah..mostly full of shit
They all are. Here we are into almost a year into Trump's presidency and it's BLAH BLAH BLAH
