That's great. He will sexually molest teenage girls, but he speaks out on a "fake repeal." What a great guy.
He’s a pedophile why are you supporting a literal child molester

Can't wait to get the appointed swamp dweller out and get Judge Moore put in. Vote for @MooreSenate tomorrow Alabama.
An imperfect repeal is still better than a no vote! Support the @potus and the American people.
This bill harms the American people! I have not heard one GOP senator explain the bill yet multitude of healthcare experts strongly against
O care is killing small business,  jobs and the middle class which is not good for the overall economy
Oh. And Trumpcare is the answer? Get a clue!
It's a step in the right direction, removing the job killing mandate big help
Wrong fool!
Love the deadhead pats logo
U are not welcomed neither ann coulter
Hows those ribs? Were you boffing thy neighbor's wifey?
Rand, you’re obviously high on pain meds. Got back to bed!
This is from September, which is even more delicious.
Rand Paul.why can't u get on board with repeal,they have ALREADY said that it will go threw many changes 2 improve bill u are killing US.
What about inappropriately touching 14-year old girls? He hasn't made his position clear on that yet.
Are Graham and Cassidy two of the female children who've accused him of molestation?
!
You are letting Americans down, & you know it! Stop obstructing & get this passed!!!!!!!!!!
Paul, that's one of the reasons @POTUS campaign in Alabama for Strange. #MAGA
Rand you're simply wrong to not support health care dollars going to the States. It's a paradigm shift. GOP can then fix it more next year
Are you telling me that you’re supporting an accused pedophile?
This democrat thanks you for voting with common sense
I was better off before no. Bama care do your job for a change blowhard
Why are Rand & @RepThomasMassie supporting this anti-liberty buffoon RoyMoore? He wants to arrest gays, points guns at ppl & anti-1st Am.
One step in the right direction is better than no step in the right direction. It is not repeal, but is it a little better than what we have
That is like saying pass anything 
With out reading the legislation.
No it's not. Pass it if it's better than what we have even if it's only better by a little bit.
So you support child molestation now?
GOP = grand old pedophiles
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @DonaldJTrumpJr  PLEASE VETO Graham-Cassidy bill when it comes before you Mr President thank you!
It's no repeal. Thank you and @tedcruz for remaining true to Conservative values on the #HealthCareBill!
Anyone who avoids or obstucts Obamacare repeal, stands with Obama care. Americans voted for Trump because of his promise to repeal.
Thank you Senator Rand Paul! Everyone knows this bill is a disaster and there is no point of order. Thank you for voting NO!
This bill will be dominated by a political party in the office of each state. I can't imagine what CA & NY will do in this system. Repeal
Do you live in CA? If not, why do you care what we do?
I grew up in Northridge and have family there. That's why I care
It's actually a progressive, forward thinking state.
It's damned close to socialism! Taxes and regulations are stifling small business. At some point it'll run out of other people's money.
We r small biz owners. No complaints here. AND pro #aca 
Can your neighbor kick your ass again?
Rand, you need to stop drinking the Kool-aid. Roy is a vile, reprehensible sexual predator and you're just as daffy as he is if you believe those lies. Get out of politics before you hurt yourself.
oh great another obstructionist for Senate, we are doomed as a country; we are wasting our money on you people actually doing anything
When you are standing with Pelosi, McCain, Schumer, the media and Obama, that should be a clue that you are mistaken.

This is the point, Rand. Start by passing this bill. Once we get more conservatives elected to state office we can further dismantle it
I dont think there is much we would agree upon, Susan.
Perhaps that we care about the well being of our families, neighbors and country?
Emotionally, sure. Financially, I cant afford to pay for others healthcare. Principally, I believe in a free market, less government control
Free market in healthcare simply does not work
What works for you, Susan? Single payer?
I've lived in 3 countries with versions of Single Payer & saw how well it worked. Straight single payer prob won't work in our nation since
I think Senator Paul has a point, thid new bill is not a repeal of O'care
We wouldn't get a complete repeal even if we had 60 senators. So hello single payer.
Speaking of fake, don't pretend to be Republican. When all but 3 of your party agree you are no hero for failing to compromise!
Rand Paul for @POTUS in 2024. 
We realize YES votes aren't a compromise of values but a FIRST step is NEEDED 4 a pathway 2 TOTAL repeal later. Don't throw away ONLY chance
The ACA is designed to make the Healthcare conglomerate money! In my town Parkview owns more land than any business Why? 
Rand Paul on an epic rant against the ACA market: "I’m more with Bernie on this than I am with members of my party who want to subsidize it"
This bill is better than the ACA! We can't afford the ACA! If there is no mandate then this will fold. It's not repeal it's defund!
The bill is Horrible #SaveACA
I voted for you please don't make me regret it. Vote yes on Graham-Cassidy Healthcare bill, PLEASE!
Can you give your opinions on the "deep state"?
Go Moore! Vote out McConnell please. Voted for trump but he can't pick the right person for the job for shit!
you're a POS!!!  Period!!! Scumbag!!
The American people need this Health care issue resolved. Please find a way to get this done.
Americans are paying attention and will be voting
Bill might still have same budget, but it gets rid of the mandates, something that is really hurting. You can vote to reduce budget later.
So says the second gen politician that saved Obamacare. Just what we need.
Rand is working overtime promoting an infinite fed'l health care system funded by debt and money printing. Can't do that with a state system
Agree, he gets it. Grandstand for personal political gain while watching fed control of health care become permanent.
Senator it's time for you to lead. Majority in both houses and the President.  The fact there wasn't a bill by now is a travesty. #shame
Why is it that our party cannot come together when it counts?
Yea let’s vote for another person that says they aren’t going to repeal Obamacare
Step out and support Moore. He could use a sitting Senator's help.
Thanks for the high deductible again next year RAND we will remember!
Better hope this doesnt lead to single payer.
This bill is like shoving a plate of mush down a dying man's throat to nourish him. No one wanted it but it's the only sustenance around.
So cant wait for career civil servants to decide whether to pay may claims or not. Republican - DENIED. Democrat - PAID. #Neversinglepayer
Don't wait around for Rand's vote, he's cast it daily on cable news. It's like a spoiler. When you know the plot line you can skip the show.
Rand says there is still time 2 do his version of repeal & replace. If thats the case vote yes on this(for now)& fix further down the road.
It is finished...Rand's post foreshadows the death of the repeal bill. The effort had a good run &lived every day as though it were its last
You're prescient. Toscanini.
Not sure if you jest, but I truly am. Ironically, you are the 4th person to tell me so today. I bow in gratitude w a flourish of my cape. 
He'll vote for g/c if it comes to the floor. Gets TV time saying No. Btwn. Paul, Bevin, & McConnell  Ky. Is screwed. Vote Democrat !!!!!!
Well Rand, a fake repeal is better then no repeal. Can you spell narcissistic?
Then do your job and figure out a better solution or find a new line of work
aren't you a doctor Rand?  Americans are hurting, some dying even. What about your Hippocratic oath?!
Thanks for having some principle and not playing the mainstream republican game
Ideals are nice, but those of us not in DC paying our own way aren't interested in ideals or perfect repeal we want the boot off our necks.
And US will soon get single payer then years later cry it's a broken system while Americans suffer throughout. Can't live only on principles
Full repeal is not possible until we have a super majority in the House and Senate. Support Graham/Cassidy, in 2018 we can do a full repeal.
You have shown to be a representative that doesn't AGREE WITH POTUS but STILL STANDS BEHIND HIM REGARDLESS OF VIEW! SINCERELY THANK YOU
Have seen you stand firm every single time! I feel you are thinking of ALL THE PEOPLE & YOU DONT BASH PRESIDENT REGARDLESS OF VIEW! SPOT ON
You need get on-board & vote health care bill - Do you want be man who gave Americans 1 payer system? No vote & you will be.
Lets see if you'll stick to your principles when the President says he thinks he can get you to turn! I look forward to seeing your vote NO!
Besides repealing ACA what is your health care plan?
Looks like you got your vote at 45 for repeal. Now what? 6 senators are in dreamland as their constituents pay increased premiums & copays.
Speaks ng out against #GrahamCassidy is good thing.
So when Senator do we get relief? When pigs fly?  You gotta start somewhere. Rome wasn't built in a day. Health care is complex.
SUCK IT FUCKEN UP! REPEAL OBAMACARE 1ST THEN IN 2018 WHEN REPUBLICANS GET MAYBE 10 MORE SENATORS U GUYS CAN MAKE THE BILL MORE CONSERVATIVE!
Repeal Obama care! I will vote No to everything you do if you don't repeal Obama care
Although you are right philosophically I think this is the best we can get shifting it to the states. Obamacare is killing us now.

I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Paul knows OCare will never be Repeal Only. He and his pals will block it too. Don't fall for his bull
Bullshit. '18 I will not have health ins because I can't afford it and you do nothing. Just leave congress so someone else will do something
@NotABlindTrust @MooreSenate @DailyCaller  Yeah,he gets it alright.From God's mouth 2 his tiny racist brain.The man is delusional.
You should know better!  Do you know how Obamacare is hurting people in this country.  I'm a nurse and hear it everyday!
You are completely out of touch It's luxury to care only principle.The most important things in life is to help people who are suffering
Trump says he will get Rand Paul to change his vote on healthcare (like he did last time).   Kinda sounds like Trump owns Rand Paul
Please hold firm on your No vote! You are doing the right thing!
Why don’t you create your own bill??
Thank you please vote no it's my first time doing this I don't even know if you see this but please we can not let that nut bullying people
As a pastor and priest, I begin with the art of the possible and work towards the ideal. May I convert you to Working with DJT? Baby steps?
You are proving you think you are God over your constituents Rand.  Still Pissed no one wanted you for President?
Senator, please Vote No on Graham-Cassidy bill.
I don't understand. If this is a fake repeal then why aren't democrats supporting it?
Just wait, @RandPaul will vote Yes once @realDonaldTrump and @SenateMajLdr starts putting the pressure on!
He's like Trump, all talk!!
Why can't you publicly debate, so we can see for ourselves!
Is there anything from Dr. Kelli Ward's plan that can be added to Graham-Cassidy that would make it better?
Not best but ok,considering most govs r republican. Leaves room for improvement.Most workable ideas can b followed by others. BUT the costs?
wow Vote  @MooreSenate Tuesday Alabama
BUT...
this isn't helping him
Health care is a human right. Please choose grace. Vote no.
Remember the old method of learning how 2 SKI?  It was called G-L-M.  Stood for GRADUATED LENGTH Method/begin on small skis, then longer etc
The Republican party is expecting what has been promised for about eight years .I   think it can be tweaked after bill is passed.
My tax $ go to help in nature disasters & I'm willing to let my tax $ go to health care 4 those in need
Then help improve the bill and get it done. Sitting on the side criticizing does more harm. Amend it and pass it!
I applaud your principles, however that doesn't help me..I'm 73 and paying for ins/healthcare for young family members...Golden years 
Of all the folks there are to align yourself with as someone who stands by the constitution, Roy Moore should be last on the list.
sticking strictly to principles means everyone else lose to O'care. your stand, while honorable to you, is shortsighted to everyone else
You know what I get, and the rest of Americans get meanwhile? 100% Obamacare! Yay thanks Rand.
How can you support a homophobic, Islamophobic...... Oh, right. Never mind.
Next stop single payer Government run health Care. Thanks Rand.
Stand strong against health bill.

@RandPaul
But it is better than the hell we are saddled with now.  PLEASE don't be petty, help us by voting yes.
Sen go back to practicing medicine. You can do much better helping Americans there than being a politician and not doing squat.
You voted for a bill that did nothing now you won't vote for a bill that starts to do something 
And your just a cheapskate at the cost of thousands of middle class lives that can't afford insurance anymore.  Shame on you.
Well that explains why Trump stumped for Luther Strange
If Rand Paul is endorsing #RoyMooreForSenate, it's because he wants him to be against #RepealAndReplace. They are both #Democrat puppets.
I hear you but unfortunately I doubt full repeal will ever happen. What's your plan?
I see you justify your vote based on the opinion of a man who doesn't understand the 1st amendment of the Constitution. Strange.
Rand Paul is being bribed by the #Democrats.
He has been their puppet for far too long. Beware of anything he says.
#AlabamaRally
You should resign.
Repeal it & send it to the States where it belongs. Healthcare is not a federal issue. The feds can get their grubby hands out of my wallet.
Republican or RINO we will soon see. RINO John McCain wish I had my vote back.
Don't vote for Graham Cassidy please.
@TeriGRight @MooreSenate @DailyCaller Did he really say this, or is it a MSNBC report?
@POTUS & middleclass, capitalist Americans want this done to prevent single payer Socialist takeover. Any room for good DEAL? No time left
You would rather have Full Obamacare than a partial reform? Holding out for the impossible is support for status quo.
If your pro USA & Constitution then vote for the H'care Bill, it's a great start! Or be a traitor to the American people #MAGA
States-Rights should be what determines it's citizens healthcare needs and pay 4 it. You don't like the healthcare in your state?Vote em out
One step away from a repeal, maybe? keep up the good work Sentor, I appreciate the work you do. You're one of the good ones.
Doubling down on ignorance
So where's your plan?
I just want to drop my useless insurance and not pay a penalty.  Please vote for fake repeal.
"choose the this day whom he shall serve..."
sorry..."choose ye this day whom ye shall serve... "
or do you prefer president bush..."you are either with us...or against us"...wake up..this IS the the battle between good and evil..
I want it to pass! For Gods sake it's a start. Don't be so rigid
Dr./Sen. Paul, when will the proper bill to replace ACA be written & put to a vote?
GOP won't vote to repeal it like they did w/BHO as pres.
I have heard.."two wrongs don't make a right". have you heard of "you must choose the lesser of two evils".  get in on the right team .
What exactly do you do in congress but preach & complain? Stop electing this guy!
another meat head! Healthcare is never going back! You need to take steps in right direction ! Move it!
DO your job for America! REPEAL the damn thing or find yourself part of #DrainTheSwamp because WE THE PEOPLE don't play games. Not anymore.
You make me ashamed that I tried so hard for your dad to be president... if YOU are any hint of his true nature. You are an Obama-a-like.
Thank you, @RandPaul for sticking to your & every other Rep. senator’s campaign pledge to repeal Obamacare! I’m voting for @MooreSenate!
Bots  bot bot haha don't listen they are mostly bots!!
Senator Paul,   I would vote for u for Prez if you can ever bring yourself to recognize importance of US to world stability. I like ur other
Your intransigent opposition is cementing Obamacare into our national existence.
Why don't you do something then? You're the most ineffective Senator In History.
Be truthful not one of u really want to fix repeal or replace Obama care. Or u would have already. Its a tax law nothing to do with  health
Because deductibles are to high to see a doctor so nothing to do with health care..its a tax law
Ah yes, "libertarian" Rand Paul agrees with totalitarian theocrat Roy Moore.
You don't get it.  If you don't vote for Graham-Cassidy we will be stuck with Obamacare or something worse.
Good for Moore!!
Oh good heavens Senator Paul. Judge Moore is an embarrassment.
So we see @MooreSeante is another @SenJohnMcCain
Respectfully, Senator, what is your plan and can you get it passed?
Great. Another principled politician who will get nothing done.
I respect your view Rand, but isn't a small improvement better than no improvement?
Do your job!  WTF kind of talent does it take to say NO?  If you have a better idea sell it!  The American people need action! #AllTalk
It's funny you thought you were a libertarian.
Really. A guy that thinks religion is above the constitution? Or is it ok as long you believe in the same religion
Is everything in your world perfect ? Something better than nothing at all. Let it sink in !
What in God's name are you doing.
JUDGE MOORE HAS MY VOTE !
Thanks for staying ideologically pure while I try to figure out how to pay for our healthcare from year to year on the broken exchanges.
Paul, shut up! We no longer care what you think!
Say good night and American traitor Mr. Paul.
Seems to me, both men, Paul and McCain crave the spotlight so much they are willing to keep Obamacare. Look at me, look at me.
