also basically admitted that the republican replacement wouldn't keep coverage for anyone currently covered by the ACA.
Yes, taking away access to health care for 30MM is idiotic. Also callous, heartless, and unpatriotic.
amazing how few people have ever bothered to read the constitution & what govt job is
Preamble & Article I, Sec.8, clause 1, if "general Welfare" not important why list it twice?
promote not provide, like national defense, why distinguish it if it's not different
Article 1, Sec 8, clause 1 is "provide for common Defense and general Welfare..."
no company pays taxes. They only collect them. You really think they're not passed on to consumers?
awesomely irrelevant to the point that businesses do not pay taxes. They they pass them on in costs or quality
you condone the system you 2 party hack
yes because the 2 corrupt parties in power are so anxious to minimize what they crave most, power
Rand Paul just said government can't afford to pay for poor Kentuckians' health care? Can we afford Trump's Wall? Paul?
as always fans of either of these parties aren't very smart
who are "my party's elected officials"?
must repeal Congressional health benefits first.  They must be in same pool as all Americans.
How many in Congress even understand the system? It's not just ins, ded, and premiums!
Small business grouping + the ability to buy insurance across the state lines. It will plummet the cost immediately
Grouping is a problem. Let's call that what is is : grabbing. Disconnect my health insurance from my job please
My other insurance was never tied to it : Home, car, boat, travel..etc.  If I change my job, they never know.
I agree in principal, but it is too radical for now, won't happen. Shopping across the state lines might
It keeps me working for someone else instead of starting a biz. Especially if I have a family and children.
And bundling small businesses like that will work for now. I think
Sorry, but I disagree. Far more small businesses would be started if it was possible to get good HI w/o a "job"
That's why I say "for now" Bc they would not overhaul the system now, but smaller steps r more realistic
doesn't this replacement plan only help those who are rich. It makes no sense. And getting rid of the existing condition
Please give a live feed on YouTube or FaceBook. We don't watch fake news CNN per our new President.
so you don't have money to save sick people but you do have it for a stupid wall with Mexico. Shame @RandPaul
Inexpensive insurance does not exist. We the American people want the same insurance you and ur family enjoy!!!
I can't stand listening to Paul anymore am going to go watch SNL where they tell the truth!
That's the problem with Liberals. The get their news from SNL.
the problem with you is that you are delusional!!
You know I block Libs, right? Don't have time to waste on you. Hope you see the light soon.
yes, please do it now! We are paying an outrageous amt for a useless plan. More choices please.
is suicidal. That has saved so many life's. Don't u care.
he also did not address pre-existing conditions, his plan stinks
Americans SAY leave ACA alone fix not replace WE the PEOPLE LOVE ACA what's wrong with you people? GOP fatten pockets!
You must be one of the peop,e receiving free insurance and leeching off Hard working  Americans
Majority pay for ACA, what's your point? ACA works Americans want it, leave it alone greedy deplorables!
#sotu OMG ! See ! That LITTLE WHIMP @RAND PAUL IS SPEAKING "RW SPEAK" for "ALL PROTECTIONS OF ACA " ARE GONE EXCEPT FOR RW CONGRESS
My doctors hate ACA! All of them!
mine all  it!
Liar!
I hear you saying you want to bring back the crappy/cheap plans with huge deductibles that only cover catastrophic care. @CNNSotu @RandPaul
That is what we have now!
No. In the states the implemented ACA we have good, affordable plans. Mine is $109/mo, zero deductible. @SamuelShawAllen @CNNSotu @RandPaul
no mandates = coverage 2 expensive 4 ppl who need it, or none. Rx can be expensive. Ppl need coverage Rx & mental health!
todture to save israel https://www.youtube.com/shared?ci=dB1Xl5OGiJM …
How will your proposal address preexisting conditions? #ACA
@BroncosFanEJ @RandPaul Let's see it!
Senator while it's gr8 u are working on a health plan... HSAs??? Most people don't even fund 401ks.
read ur page some good ideas but vague on what matters,preexisting,kids till age 26 on parents,premium rates same 4 all.
The people DO NOT WANT OBAMACARE REPEALED. Build upon it. Make it better. It's stupid to repeal. STUPID.
Seems Tort Reform for medical claims would lower premiums for doctors which would lower medical costs for patients.
Or it may just end up making doctors more money.  The real issue on health care is costs are just too high.
#Could we have a plan  without a presidents name attached, like "FREEDOM CARE" to suggest freedom of choice, etc.
-Rand Paul is a good man with common sense,
there was a reason this was illegalzed. People were paying 4 fake insurance that wouldn't pay out when they need it!
ACA guarantees me healthcare --- THANK YOU COVERED CALIFORNIA, you make my payments affordable!!
Health Savings Accounts dont work.  Most can't save enough to cover anything.  Tax deductions don't pay the bills. @CNNSotu @RandPaul
Exactly, it is a total scam. No one will be able to have good insurance again that doesn't pay big bucks.
amazing how few people understand the role govt plays in causing these problems
I want Rand Paul to propose an alternative. An alternative to keep our health insurance coverage. And not lose our doctor
he is accurate. He's telling it like it is. How can Republicans be so stupid in taking away health insurance?
I want to see your alternative.
thank you Senator Paul for doing this.
your plan doesn't include pre-existing cond; people like me will face early death or bankruptcy
My chemo pills for stage 3 cancer are $8/14 days. W/out ACA pills are $2,600/14 days. W/out pills, terminal stg 4 in months
You Can tell when somebody really love this country.
Rand Paul,Trump,Sanders
I heard you had to pass the bill to see what's in it! This true?
I love it.Great work keep it up.Obamacare should be replaced with Americare it should be named after hard workin Americns

Can't wait to read the bill. Wonder how it deals with preexisting conditions. #ACA #healthcare
Senator read your words & see if they make sense.. "make it legal to sell inexpensive insurance."
I mean is there a law making it "illegal" to sell inexpensive insurance? You need to take your brain in for a tune up
I hope you can do it. Soros and buffet do it with car insurance!
love your plan!!!!
Will you be willing to give up your current health insurance to be covered under your proposed plan? Of course not!
yeah good look finding any insurance companies or doctors that will go along with that
where can I read the bill
Doesn't begin to provide people with a BETTER option. GOP need to stop being so petty and put country 1st
is there a significant number of people out there who prefer health savings accounts to health insurance?
@Ranger_Up @RandPaul He's a junk dealer!
Imagine! But that takes away power from politicians so libs will hate it.
has lost his fucking mind. Americans pay full price for inadequate health insurance and he's suggested "cheaper" insur?!
What in #ACA Are You Keeping,@SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP ANYONE OF YOU HAVE THE BALLS TO ANSWER THAT ? FOR AMERICA
wrt group plans: will  DOL relax assoc requirements? Also each state isurance agency has different requirements 4 assoc
@CNN why are you discussing it without letting your Boss (The American ppl) read it. One page!!!???!!!! #Shady
after 6 years of voting to repeal this law you now have 4 different plans? What a joke! How can anyone trust you?
right, catastrophic high deductible plans, that's really going to help. You guys are a joke, 4 plans from the GOP so far.
In other words "junk plans" that cover nothing. One of the reasons the ACA set standards. You get what you pay for.
I'm not a big fan of"for profit" health companies (though my plan is BC/BS)but possibility of "Joes health care" is scary
your no longer free in this country if your forced to buy something you don't want [service or good] repeal,repeal,repeal
Whatever Congress decides for healthcare for Veterans and Medicare should apply to their healthcare immediately too.
inexpensive to whom though?  Coverage that doesn't really cover anything is in fact VERY expensive.
wtf does that even mean?! It's all smoke and mirrors!
You've got my attention. Will your plan cover as many people at less cost than #ACA?
Whatever Congress decides should apply to their healthcare as well, just like Veterans and Medicare plans!
Thanks Rand for demanding a replacement plan be done now.Also great job with @jaketapper today.Most Rep fall for the trap
in other words he wants to take us back to the market before Obama, it was terrible
yep, and government was to blame for that.
That bill is a complete disappointment, a joke, an insult to Americans. Trumpcare will literally kill people.
don't pay attention to the high deductibles!
You are very interesting!
#StandWithRand
Instead of raising taxes for something we already have #House/Senatetakepaycut
Thanks Rand Paul for your service and your great ideas on health care
how much could you afford to put away in an HSA each paycheck? Would it even cover the basic expenses for well visits?
People in our government are basically idiots, ie: can't find real jobs... Thus government is the problem, never the solution
Republicans approve"the wall" & pay for it & let Americans die by not funding ACA... they may get their civil war
House and Senate need the same healthcare and retirement as the hardworking American people #theyworkforus #DTS #selfemployed #2018
how can you say Tillerson is good for Russian relations, trump never spoke to him about Russia?
So when/if the ACA is repealed there won't be a tax hit when I can't afford a plan, right?
He should be president
There are many ways to improve the system.  Get busy and get it done!
Ummm sounds a lot like ACA. The GOP tagged the title Obamacare and the racists embraced it. Now Trumpsters realize it's one in the same. Smh
^5
He wants to legalize taking insurance from poor & Dick people!Insurance would be cheaper for healthy people that is not news
sounds a lot like scam plans & television ads for scam plans would proliferate. insurance≠healthcare.
no country has the liberties and freedoms the US does. We should fix that too.
Rand Paul's plan makes it legal for insurance companies to reject anyone with preexisting conditions.
Actually, Senator Paul has been critical of unfettered military spending as well.
Please keep the preexisting conditions clause in ACA. There are better uses for Americans' $ than jacked-up premiums.
Rand knows what he is talking about from being a small business owner and a Dr. ACA was a bad idea from the beginning.
Does his plan includes the all the people DC has been o not on his plan that way it be best ever plan
So they can buy shitty policies. Great 
Ayn Rand is for babies @onlxn @hammradio
but only healthy ones without pre-existing conditions
well, I mean, of course...otherwise they'd be left to die naturally of exposure, as preached by Jesus...
also CNN wh won't you call it the #ACA?
Rand, that's new-speak for cheap policies that never pay.

@cspanwj #TheResistance #UniteBlue #NotMyPresident
Cheap insurance does not help sick people only healthy people - How about ones w/ pre existing conditions?
#BoycottCNN
my favorite Rand Paul quote. What to replace ACA with? " How about liberty?" Brilliant!
Not a single answer from the "libertarian candidate" Jake! It's  complete BS!
I'd call Rand Paul; Teflon! 
Sucky sucky 10 bucky Donald!
@TeddyDavisCNN Sorry, but only one person gets to legitimately use the state of the union (address), the president.
Sen. Paul thinks people in KY will get healthcare w/ jobs. He assumes employers will offer healthcare, not often reality
will Congress get that  "cheap insurance" for them and their family members ? Of course not, unacceptable for them.
if the American people don't get to see and understand it first, it doesn't count!  NO HSA's!
What does that do for people with preexisting condtions? How do you force Insurance companies to do this
the market will force them. In the market there wont be only a handful of mega corporations
What guarantys the market will respond? What is the incentive?
they will be forced to compete against alternative care. Im talking about pre-govt
Sen Paul - did you NOT SEE John Kerry w talking w Sergei Lavrov CONSTANTLY????
I'm a KY resident -hands off ACA GOP!!!!
congrats on your new governor.   Just kidding, hes a jerk
we get McConnall too so whipped for us!!
thats right, we only have two, Scott and Bondi.  Well we have Rubio.  The whole country is gonna suffer
not as good as my plan to replace ACA with a paid version of Medicaid, all sick w cancer to Medicare, create HC tax...
I was impressed with your answers on the Jake Tapper show gave me some real insight into you
Thank you for presenting a bill that will FAIL. Typical Republican BS.
people will lose coverage under Paul's plan.  Not a real alternative.
.@CNNSotu @RandPaul He supports high deductible catastrophic-only coverage.  He's unaware of how many live-
when Republicans replace Obamacare let them replace it with what they have the GOLD PLAN that tax payers are paying for
Obamacare 2.0
SR22 for your health care, awesome
#EndTheMandate
