Thank you!
Thank you. I couldn't have it put into words like yours on TWTR About time Communist minds set politicians drained.
&these budget cuts,b4 his tax cuts-where will those come from? MY SS/medicare? - better not enrich trump inc & hurt seniors!
can't see how anybody could oppose this bill. I'm sure somebody will let me down though.
Thank you Senator Paul it's about time McCain type Republicans skin with communist mind must be drained in next election.
get it done Rand Paul. Well over due.
It's also time Congress got rid of non elected orgs as EPA, BLM, etc that are part of reason we're micromanaged.CONSTITUTION
.@RandPaul Property represents time owner worked to acquire property. Forfeiture without conviction is stolen time and violates 13 Amendment
It's about time. Thank you! Totally unconstitutional. And a corrupting influence on police and public officials.
odds are innocent man accused and assets taken;loses all $,to lawyers & assets forfeiture,Broke man,wife,kids go to welfare. USA?
he is a paid by us,thief stealing from us.Does he give back $ we pay for his full coverage ins. $? Doubt it
he actually does give back staff budget money. If he's a thief what's Schumer or McCain?
they are working hard for ordinary people.Good ppl!
so you are pro asset forfeiture?
asset forfeiture = the government stealing from the people
is that a scare tactic from the man who has excellent ins. that we pay for? We pay for all of congress and WH. unfair
so you are not capable of discussing anything but health insurance?
what do you want to talk about?
"Sweeping" would be to take health care entitlements away from congress.
way to go Rand
thank you so much for protecting citizens!
My duress continues-Are we the forgotten ones left suffering from govt over-reach civil forfeiture with no crime committed?
Keep fighting the good fight! #NoAssetForfeitue #NoNATOExpansion
Nope
@POTUS needs to be on board
thank you sir
.@RandPaul This is the easiest way to remove corruption.
Thank you, Who is JOHN GALT?
Keep up the good fight.
thank you!
Thank you sir for looking out for the interest of the American people.
Can we #EndTheFed while we are here?
@flhrs98 While the republicans work on behalf of the ppl the dems continue their laughable charade of rumors...
Thank you Dr. Senator Paul!
@ski95252 STOP THE THEFT!
Liberals whose stock portfolios increased in value because of President Trump should return those profits.
Keep up the good work.
@paniela100 I agree
thank you!
thank you sir
thank you. All the way from Canada. You may well know or not but Canada will mirror what the US does. This is an enormous help.
"Don't tell me what you value. Show me your budget and I'll tell you what you value." Joe Biden
I do so agree, except maybe in drug sales to kids.
Yessss 
@NetworksManager BETWEEN PRESIDENT TRUMP AND RAND PAUL HOPE THIS IS CORECTD. MOST FORFEITS ARE BULLSHT!!
Long time comming. Good job
Kudos to you. This law has been maliciously abused by State, County & Municipalities over past 10 yrs
I hope you can get this bill pasted.
way to go
They been tracking me like a dog for to long and block me getting help abusing their authority big time
What happened to "Country Before Party" Seems YOU have NO Problem with Russian Ties to our Goverment. What if it was a Democat? #trumplies
@freedomcaucus @realDonaldTrump Thank you, Paul Rand!Civil asset forfeiture =banana republic tyranny/abuse by FEDS of citizens
What is John McCain doing?  Is the #oldman going #senile?  So glad you are for looking out for the #American People.
#ASSET A-Accumulated S-Savings S-Showing E-Economic T-Tangibility
Repeal and Replace it PLEASE!!!
Great idea.  What is the argument against it?  The Constitution is too cumbersome?
. The kicker is a lot of forfeiture is from simple possession of a few joints. Decriminalize. End for profit prisons.
Finally you choose to take up the good fight. Now grow a pair and fight Trump!
This is an issue that no one but you have touched. Nice, Senator Paul. It hasn't happened to me, but, I can imagine the horror.
bravo. I don't agree with you on much but this I do.
thank you dr. Paul!
Thank You for addressing this completely unconstitutional law. Unfortunately very few people are actual aware this is real.
well done
This makes sense from any rational perspective.
this is a great job! it's time to stop robberies
imagine that a Politician that actually wants our constitution to mean what it says. Stand with Rand and defend our constitution..
@DA_Stockman @Rare This is long overdue. Hard to believe this has been allowed in the United States. Shameful.
@alfranken @amyklobuchar Support Rand and forfeiture reform!!
what's happening with the healthcare bill?
McCain says you're working for Putin! Lol...Is that man for real??
Thank you, Senator Paul. Now if you can do something about abusive phone/computer searches at the border.
we trust you Rand
Is Rand Paul the only one working?
@beinlibertarian @Rare Policing for profit is one of the ugliest ideas to ever gain traction in the United States.
your the man rand!!!! Hope the president throws out Ryan's obama care 2.0 lol and takes ur true healthcare plan!
@jackson5of5inga Used to respect you.  No more.
it should be outright illegal.
Love the idea, but govt still needs to initially take the items IF it's part of their inv. No conviction = govt cant keep it
This encourages my faith in elected Gov. officials. Thank you!! How about cannibis reform next??
What about Tax Reform and reduction in Capital Gains Tax?
good job !!!  Keep it up
This has been an abused and unconstitutional act and needs to be stopped unless convicted of the crime at least.
There needs to be a list of anyone who is opposed to this/ voted against and they need to be called out. Big time. Lose their jobs
Even a stopped clock.....
@casey2513 Kentucky Proud keep up the good work your voters have your back Sir. And I'm one of them!!!
Rands views seem like a no brainer
@BluMyst @Rare Gov should not be able to seize any asset without first having trial and then getting conviction.
Great job on civil forfeiture!!!
Bravo !
see, there is common ground with us "liberals". I totally support this even though I hate what trump is doing. You and Bernie win!
Thank you Senator yet again. This is definitely government overreach.
Amazing! <3 <3 it.
I dont regularly agree w/u but in charged political climate now its important 2 #toneitdown & compliment good ideas #thanks 4 this
seems like a good bill, but when the vultures come out I will see what they have to say about it.
Well that's good, but how about he focus on replacement of Obamacare and tax reform first.
Good for you!  We support your effort 100%
and it's unconstitutional
thanks rand
so sad
I've had so many family and friends property taken solely based on it might have been purchased from drug money
I love it man
like this guy more and more.
good job Senator Paul we're behind you all the way on this one !!!
only in an actual conviction should this happen in drug crimes, murder charges ACTUAL convicted
Need more info on this. Not convinced it's a good idea.
Civil asset rule reform sounds good for USA unless the asset is drugs
thank you.
Get em Rand.
thank you!
tweeting in third person just makes it odd
as usual-I stand with Rand
@gabriella_akat   Go rand.
Convicted before it is kept for good is the American way unless they can not prove assets were obtained with legally made monies.
This should be passed!
Thank you Mr Paul
Back to good work!
.@RandPaul @keethers @Rare Good job,  Senator. Whoever thought you would represent sane conservative policy?
Keep it up Senator! The Constitution matters!
PLEASE DO,,,HE NEEDS HELP.
Thank you Senator
I disagree with @RandPaul on many things but I am 100% behind this.  Civil asset forfeiture is a disgrace.
Rand Paul introduces the most sweeping reform of civil asset forfeiture law in decades http://bit.ly/2mHeghh 
Thank you for tackling the unsavory but necessary issues.
Thank you!  Finally, some legislation I can get behind this year!
@KyleKulinski another reason for a progressive and libertarian alliance
.@RandPaul 2020!
Thank you Rand. This is a perfect example of the Govt harming the citizens, and yet no other lawmakers seem to care. Why?
keep on fighting for us need more like u
is a true champion of individual liberty. We are truly blessed to have him working on our behalf.
Ive never understood how that law ignores the 14th amendment just cause a judge said so Thus taking due process away from property
goo. I don't agree with Paul on much, but he's right on this.
#StandWithRand
Trump was told this is wrong by the sheriff's when he met with them. Maybe he's changed his mind?
Great job!
but you voted to confirm Jeff Sessions who wants to expand CAF. #hypocrite
he played the game, I read about it elsewhere.  This way gives him a better chance to negotiate with Sessions. No= No
@MattWelch We need more Senators like Rand Paul. People like him are why I oppose term limits! Yep, I said it. No term limits!
Unfortunately, he is part of a hand full of good politicians.
Still giggling at the idea you're a Russian spy.
Hang Tough Rand!  Your integrity is probably driving the politicians mad.  #FullRepeal
@DA_Stockman Civil forfeiture needs tightened protections  not repeal
push hard on this. Good luck.
amazing that such a thing could have been legal in the first place
great idea @realDonaldTrump please support!!
Thanks Rand! Climbg hills. Obumr, n everyone since 1980 takes it all. Zombies con't to shuffle, can't see the obvious...oblivious.
YOUR property is YOURS until THEY PROVE it's NOT!
CAF law needs an overhaul. Fed-state-local GOV. out of control.
Thank you Senator! This is just another example that you are for true justice for the American people!
yessssss
thank you for standing for liberty and freedom.
is in your court I was 4 Kasich but U R a fighter & so am I except I'm a salesman & so R U Except U R a doctor 2
fish I'll make U a hero just need a chance also would fix health insurance I agree with U LK@RewardYourCharity.com ball
I really like this guy.
U R most conservative senator in senate want 2 help me END gov feed a person a fish programs? We need 2 teach them 2
you going down the Federal Supremacy 14th Amendment Incorporation path? Is that good for Freedom loving libertarianism?
Any politician, on either side of the aisle, who votes against this bill is a COMMUNIST who believes in taking everything you have
vote them out if they oppose it.
takes too long. Need to recall them. Too many people being abused Recent FL case took $17.5 million & dropped charges
This is an important issue. Must be reformed. Many states have already done so. Thank you!
Great work! Thank you for caring about American's rights.
Rand Paul speaks in the third person.
where is the audit the fed bill? why is it ok with lawmakers to have 2% inflation? inflation is against the law in the mint act.
You must be like trump promoting yourself Your toast in next elections
watched him talking about health care . He told folks to join the NRA to get their health care.  Dear god!
Voters are too dumb to be interested by this.
McCain need to leave the Senate. The Dems are using him. Thank God he isn't in charge
#Globalist #Sellouts will attack this reform, just look at some of the failed #TwitterBots posting outrage at limiting govt abuse.

#TheJossGroup appears to be a #NeverTrump #Globalist puppet sounding board; obviously NOT #Winning #BigLeague
#TrojanHorseTrump not Conservative looking to implement #Trumpcare , not Reduce spending, etc
- I want #MedicareForAll - it can be done. #MAGA

So you are good with Civil Fortfeiture? Please explain why this is a good thing.
