Surely you can understand why they are being secretive. Leaks hurting our country!
LAYOFF for now!
he better not lay off.  Transparency is a must.
The leaks are dangerous for our country. #Obama has embeds. Dems will have to look up "transparency" meaning!
I want hold my breath on the Dems but the republicans Better look it up soon.
Liberals, media, #Obama, even #Bush coming at #Trump on all sides.No doubt there are embeds in WH! Needs a break
oh good lord this is a freaking piece of legislation, not a top secret classified document.
all I'm asking for is some transparency and Rand is demanding it.  That is good.
You go Senator!
What are you hiding from the American people, @SpeakerRyan ?
I don't have a prob with House working on it first. But, I def do not trust them. I do NOT want gov in my healthcare at all.
Sen, I am against any sort of real replacement. I do NOT want tax incentives or breaks for purchasing insurance. No mandate either
"We" cant do a thing. That's why you're elected. Don't tip off dems to whittle away key points. Just get it done.
Good grief has DC taken an insane pill?  Schumer, Pelosi, Warren, McCain, Graham, Cummins all fomenting unrest.  Now this.
try to work w them.  I like ur plan best.  I am tea party supporter
Your priority should be an investigation of Sessions/WH/Russia ties. The ACA is fine for now.
give it a rest, Rand.this is wearing very thin.
@KNP2BP. I saw.
We have no doubt you will change your mind and come up with the standard excuses. Prove us wrong.
@vman11111.  Omg...get s grip#
Could you get a copy of Trump's tax returns and the secret plan to defeat ISIS while you're there?
Sorry there was no more room. It's too full of receipts from Obama funding ISIS!
got your education from Trump University I see
No honest American would vote for their tribute to the rich that they call healthcare. It's a total lie.
Why is it I don't feel you can be trusted Rand?
please keep us posted!!!!! We count on you for transparency@
Remember that you have to pass the law before you can read it?  :)
You're still here?
Stand your ground. we don't need hidden legislation
Why is your party (Republicans) holding it hostage? Why are you riding along with this tyranny @realDonaldTrump is orchestrating
cool cool. can you also demand a copy of the senate #obamacare bill that you JUST voted "Yes" on? 

#saveACA #trumpcare #killthebill #shame
get one yourself. We value your input
Give it a rest Rand... If you screw this up, it's on your head for not being able to negotiate.
I know this is a little late, but go get them!
@wjkkarma1 Rand u act like a little girl Im retired & pay 918 month & 6500 Dect ur plan does nothing 2 help ppl n my situation 
I'll believe it when I see it.
Thank you sir,  we are on pins and needles. #thisbetterbegood
Ryan must go
how'd that turn out?
I heard you could not get in to see it. Why?
You probably think you're funny...but you're not. Just do your damn job.
Dont make it about u.  Had u been thst strong w orig Dem bill, we wouldnt b here now
@wjkkarma1 ur only thinking about ur self and want ur plan approved so u can pat urself on the back. Let Trump do his job!!!
good luck w/ that!  You all had 8 years 2 come up with something better yet it's all a secret. The secret is out, there's no plan!
quit with the theatrics. So sick of all you politicians-including the ones behind closed doors! Heartburn!
Are you feeling left out?!
where is it?
exposed himself as a fool during his media stunt trying to find secret place. INVESTIGATE TRUMP/ SESSIONS. Swamp has more snakes
, bring a semi for all the paper and spy decoder ring to decipher it and calculator for the pork.
got a truck?
Stop playing your little games.
While there, look around: you may find "100K Albanians in mass graves" which Nato claimed as its excuse to bomb Serbia
I hope when you find it, it has coverage guarantee for pre-ex conditions and more than just HSA which cannot cover major illness
@LouDobbs Let us know how that turns out for you...
You should have demanded a copy of the ACA that nobody could read until it was passed. I want them 2 take time 2 do it right, back off
I don't want antics.  I want action that makes things BETTER for us!
& doing a better job .
where were you the past 8 years while we were getting screwed by Obama? Now you want to get mad that someone has come in
Thank you Rand Paul.  I wish you were in Paul Ryan's place.  Don't trust Ryan at all.
Except....It WASN'T  the room. Nice try, though.
more importantly: what is the reason for the secure location?
Thank you Rand...
So that means ANY bill you work on or introduce will be done so in public, in the light of day, warts and all. Quit spinning.
Thank you Sen Paul
you are so silly.  Way to go! How does this action help America.  Remember....the many leaks this past month! Leave alone
how about demanding zjeff Sessions resignation  and voting to keep our air and water clean while you're at it?
Thank you for all you do and all your efforts.
or you can be patient and wait. Just a thought.
PLEASE!!!
Repeal Obamacare! Surely, all those 2,000 +/- pages do not only pertain to healthcare?!? Whatever's hidden in those pages?
Thanks. Just ran out of toilet paper!! 
No mandates!!  That is specifically why I voted to repeal/replace with the Republican party.
We MUST repeal and replace! #Wevotedrepeal!
Thank you Mr. Paul. We are counting on you (and Mr. Cruz) to expose this and get a real bill into legislation.
thank you!  I'm so happy someone on the hill has the ppl's back.
excuse me Paul...it won't be the Obamacare Bill, it'll be the replacement bill for Obamacare.
The GOP had better get its act together w/its values & stop playing games with our lives. They should get behind Trump or get OUT!
@Bella_DAndalora BO getting all kinds of royalties and kickbacks off the working people 2 pay 4 his shadow govt
keep agter them U should be in there drafting this thing We will not go for obama care 2
you're making a spectacle of yourself
It doesn't matter which party, we don't like secret bills. Get it Rand! Republicans are better than this.
Do the RIGHT things. No new taxes!
Its not finished., just wait
lol
Get it Rand.  is the GOP establishment working with the Democrats?  I don't get it. Ryan and McConnell better get off their asses.
@IAMTHEPIEKING You need to get a real job
If they let you out of there alive pls share, hope they aren't too brutal <sarc>
stop saying Obamacare that's not what it's called.
our hero...?
Is it *that* bad, @SpeakerRyan?
Paul, just b/c its not UR plan and hasn't been shared yet, doesn't mean its not the right plan - your Rs need to get it together!
why does a senator expect early access to a House bill?
what was it pelosi said again? Oh yeah, vote then read.
Thank you for fighting the good fight. This could be your watershed moment. Keep bright light on the RINO #draintheswamp @HouseGOP
Is it actually finished?  Not sure why U would expect to see it until they have flushed it out.  @GOP
thank you Senator Paul for once again standing up for the American people!
careful, Putin doesn't like unannounced visitors.
thank you!
I don't agree with you on much, but this is the right thing to do. Let the public know what's in this bill. Thank you.
we know what they are doing. The snake has Pence and Price with him.  Just sign to at least repeal and then fight for amendments
all show
did u get a copy ?
does "you can see whats in it once you sign it" sound familiar!
get on board!!
1/2 Don't they have a right 2 complete the bill, THEN offer it up for scrutiny? Divulging a working copy would just create a bunch
2/2 of unhinged commentary in the press, from the Dems, from many quarters, and would needlessly delay completion of the bill.
u mean there is such a place? in these times glad 2 know that there is what is called a secure place lol
I'm all for that! Basically, it should be legislated the exact OPPOSITE way from original Obamacare. No passing to find out what's in it
Oh Stop the drama queen antics are getting old.  Why don't you just try asking politely.  U catch more bees w/honey
it probably sucks.
Isn't the bottom line that since OCare has been forced upon the American people we'll have Gov Ins foisted upon us forever more?
@marcorubio I stand with Senator Paul.  We must repeal and replace.
THANK YOU
check with the Russians first
Sir, the best way to contain a leak is to limit access.  This is why they are keeping it to their group at the moment.
Why isn't it being repelled
Why do they have the upper hand
Why are the government officials
Allowed to get away with Crimes
WHY?
I like the  Paul bill
the rinos love obamacare and trump supported universal health care during his campaign obamacare is here to stay
Thanks for fighting for us Sen Paul!!  Why don't you go over & punch Sen Schumer in the face!
keep the good work up
LOL!!!!!
@phillipmbailey are you taking any back up? Why would it be a secret.  I would be pissed if I were you rand! Busch league move
. Twittering one's every move becoming the norm.
so now you ALL are twittering your every move.  Hilarious.
Don't be stupid. This is so Dems don't try to destroy before it can even be discussed. Just read it and make changes as necessary.
- Send up a bat signal please...
My guess is you'll be able to post the whole thing on twitter in one single tweet.
What is your point of touting your demands to television cameras? Let the committee put together coherently info first.
thank you sir, I wish @SpeakerRyan would realize how angry the base is with this nonsense stop it. Rand Paul bill is what we want
@royparrish @MdlMurray Help us out Sen. Paul
wake up America! #Trumprussia is serious about gutting American.
Don't be a shit. Let them do their job first. No grandstanding.
the fact this was passed " without knowing whats in it" is one of the biggest financial tragedys in us history.
thank you Rand, I have adopted you as my senator. Patty Murray and Maria Cantwell don't represent me but you do!
the capital & WH is full of Oboma's minions leaking everything. Don't kid yoursel Obumma is behind all this. Can you keep a secret
what's the big secret??have to pass it to read it??? Lol
why are many things that effect the general population are kept from us reading?
honestly, no one gives a shit about this garbage bill that has no chance of passing anyway. this is embarrassing lmao
Should put together replacement, review with doctors, hos adm, insurance agencies, make corrections then show bill in final form.
Cool
sorry Sen Paul I misspoke earlier. I hope you find it.
@LouDobbs Thank You and keep us posted!
No problem as long as you don't leak it to the press... The goal is to stop leaks, not to do as the Dems did with ACA
keep them accountable! Great job
I'm all a flutter! 
#istandwithrand  Show us the healthcare bill. For years Republicans have said they have an Obamacare replacement. Show It!
Go @RandPaul Go. We need you to stand up for US. People including @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr are playing games with our lives and our $.
Obama screwed US for 8 years. @realDonaldTrump is standing up for US but he needs your help!  #MAGA
can't do that you are a senator not a member of the house. When it comes strip those FakeMandateTax and pass it
thank you Senator Paul 
Question: With so many leaks, this extreme measure seems reasonable for at least drafting the bill. No?
Keep fighting
we only want it from the Pres
can we the people see any bills being proposed.
x - Lou, U & Rand better get ur heads in sync Paul Ryan & Tom Price. They're making sausage that's not quite ready to serve. Join
Shred to pieces. Repeal it. It's garbage . Dems forced it down the people's throat to steal money legally. So unethical.
amen @AnnCoulter  @HealthRanger @RandPaul @TGowdySC @700club @rushlimbaugh @marklevinshow @FoxNews @SandraSmithFox @ericbolling
how'd it go?
get it Rand!
It's going to be difficult to release a document that doesn't exist.
Are they protecting it from being leaked?
Thank you. Please get it fixed. We lost FT jobs forever over this.
iron out the kinks get agreement then publish!!!!!
How did that work out for you?
@FreedomWorks I want to know WHO PUT IT UNDER LOCK AND KEY? WHO MADE THE DECISION TO KEEP IT SECRET???
thank you Sen Paul
@TheRealBigAdge lololol
make it happen, fast!!
First thing you've done with which I agree. Go for two. #SaveOurCountry in spite of yourself.
look at you..pretending 2 care about American people.  I think u meant 2 say get a copy 2 b sure it reflects the "@GOP Agenda"
thank you hun
a PDF uploaded to a .gov website works best, thanks!
I lot of people are searching for that document. Hope he has better luck.
guess we will have to vote for it first to find out what is in it American people fed up politics Bfore Ocare 5000a year now 15000+ fix it!
continuing to deliver for the people of this republic and the constitutional.   Tell it like it I'd Rand.
the general #GOP may find itself out in 2-4 years if they play the lack of transparency/no peer review game we saw for 8 years
