
Only one who committed treason was odummy
Proof?
9m #AmericansAbroad would love to hear about his further actions to abolish #CBTax #FATCA #FBAR. We're still suffering. #citizide #TaxReform
Auto ins is mandated bcuz would b devastating on economy w uninsured motorists. Somebody has 2 pay when something unexpted happens. #mandate
Car insurance isn't mandatory, you don't have to own car insurance if you don't have a car.
Sounds like you regret owning a body 

Not illegal. But accepting foreign  for campaign, as BO & HRC did broke laws.

Tell me @randpaul why would you even go on this pos show
Russia health ins is has been nearly non existent, they have to pay under the table for real health care. @RandPaul should go there.
Rand Paul on the MORNING JOKE. I think I'll go back to sleep 
Yes...Rand is a joke.
At least he stands for our Constitution. More than I can say for Progressives
Sure...enjoy life on earth2.
The liberals are rewriting our Constitution every chance they get.
I am confused with his answer, "look at Russia, trying to distribute bread" trying to explain why healthcare shouldn't be government issued.



I don't understand why MSNBC doesn't ask more questions about the Obama's CBO being altered by- 2 gov shut downs, sequestration & 70 + votes
I'm with Rand Paul on this one I switching from independent to libertarian





Rand Paul goes on radical show to make a fool of his colleagues who are trying to help American healthcare. Obnoxious
You hit a home run Senator!!!!! But, unfortunately, the idiots could not understand it.



Paul is a corrupt opportunist who still thinks he can become president. What a joke!
Like Ron Paul! Can't believe he's talking with Fake New , look out they will spin what he says!!
Referencing #PostalServices as a failed government regulated system counters his platform against ACA; snow, sleet or rain, my mail arrives.
#StandWithRand
I'd love to see Rand Paul. Just not on your show. Total Hacks.
What a disgrace.
Rand believes health care bill wasn't mean enough & happy to get rid of medicare, social security, medicaid & any minimum wage increase. FU
WHY PAUL GO ON A LOSER NETWORK & SHOW,
Like the idea of indvdls joining assoc to buy healthcare. Auto, telecom, etc. THIS IDEA MAKES SENSE! 
 Don't want 2 sub insurance Co's.
Rand Paul is a sheep in wolf's clothing
Just like Joe.
Trump is here because he promised to replace with insurance for everyone,lower price.States can't deal w-this.
socially we are putting a mistress to the Vatican only for power.
what is it to be a conservative?i don't recognize it anymore.lies deceit,give up identity for what?
I bought your view on healthcare until u went to far and said the USPS doesn't do a good job.  Postal service does a great job.
Painting a broad brush comparing Soviets handing out bread and PO is a bridge too far.
how do u let Repubs on your show railing against the individual mandate & not bring up it's roots in the @Heritage Fo
#ACARepeal can't leave Americans out just for a promised full of lies
This assoc. choice is full of crap we have something like this in Pa  it's not ins. you have to go in & nego. & pay yearly dues + Pemes.  
rural hospitals are closing because you will not pay what is owed to insurances to make us think #ACA is failing.
I've never had any trouble with the US postal service. What are you talking about?
once you have a sick child or a parent with Alzheimers you will understand the need.2 weeks in ICU =life time caps
FINALLY!!A Repub who understands you need to listen to those of us on private Ins Mkt,not whiny group-plan elites who had to change doctors.
the post office cant deliver letters-CBO 100% guess work-really-more freaken lies from another freaken liar-w absolutely no push back @ liar
Yes...Paul is a liar.
could have offered its 100k members and their staffs a great group ins like other unions. 2/2
Wow...you win the BS TV segment of the year award. You are just another corrupt senator that cares about yourself only.
Ask him why he voted to expand asset forfeiture by confirming Sessions.
Rand Paul is a senator i trueley dislike
Rand Paul thinks Actuarial Science is "guesswork, like Astrology" and the US Post Office is a Soviet breadline. Cluelessness is catching.
You finally said something I can agree with: associations should offer group policies. Our bar assoc offered a terrible exchange when it 1/2
what you want will help me financially but it is not fair for those in need.repeal is immoral,selfish.
Oh so we should believe Paul and not CBO? My son is in a bus.assoc and pays $473/mo w a $6000 ded.Stop giving liars a platform !!!
1/ Ummm can you give an example of a private business who can deliver a letter across the country in 3 days for 50 cents
2/ why don't you remove the onerous regulations about pension funding that GOP put on USPS to try to kill it and see how well it does?
Who has more tv time Rand Paul or Chuck Schumer. Both tv whores
The Post Office does an excellent job of delivering letters.
Don't agree with Paul but man I love his open and honest convictions
Dishonest you mean.
Whattt??? I think the @USPS does a pretty damn good job!
Yes...watching Rand Paul is worse than watching grass grow.
The CBO is not like astrology. Just because you don't understand it or accept it doesn't make it like astrology.
Ironic that @realDonaldTrump @POTUS is feeling bad he hired #ShadyJeffSessions to be his AG = Lordy, what about how WeThePeople feel w/him?!
ppl DESERVE healthcare~no matter what they DO or DON'T make. That should be irrelevant to the situation.
more $$ is WASTED on Congressional pay than Healthcare...atleast you get something out of Healthcare. Congress just gives me need for a Dr 
obsessed with a promise not thinking of the people.child with preexisting and no insurance they die.
Why don't you call out Rand Paul for his lies? You always let him get away with it.
Ranting Rand doesn't have a clue in failing to explain why MILLIONS of people will lose coverage. "32 mil or 23 mil, who can predict?"
GOP claims they won on repeal of O'Care. NO, they won on false propaganda misleading their voters. Now most know the truth. keep informing.
I fear Rand Paul has become the anti-team player, just another self centered ego. Rands opposition is almost as bad as RINO's.
#MorningJoe & #NastyWoman  #Mistress Attack & Insult the President Everyday. "This is a president who fights fire with fire" DEAL WITH IT!
Let us know mr. scarborough  when you interview Lori Kaloutis
Fight for CLEAN REPEAL!
Why won't congress even consider looking into former physician, Rand Paul's ACA replacement plan?
Because we don't want 50 million people without healthcare so Rand can give billionaires some more tax cuts.
Have you actually seen his proposal instead of just lumping him in with other republicans?
T/C MUST have MAJOR DENTAL program 4 Senior Citizens - victimized by Tobacco Industry, paid 4 by '98, $206B Landmark Master Settlement Agmt.
Good threesome
@RepSteveKingIA 
Hermann Goring once said “I have no conscience, Adolf Hitler is my conscience."
Iv always said Rand paul was a sick man. but going on this nasty show just proves me right.im done with paul.
Morning Joke ??    Seriously Paul ??  
We're supposed to be boycotting those suckers Paul !!!   
W u senator I was advisor to Trump Ground campaign.if u need help U have my support .no repeal,no deal.NO INSURANCE BAIL OUTS.NOT A DOLLAR!

Beavis and Butthead welcome Senator Rand Paul..
GOP harps they won on 'repeal' of O'Care. NO, they won on false propaganda and misled voters about O'Care. Now most voters know! the truth
US Congressmen & Senators have excellent healthcare, how selfish & heartless to not offer the same to the people they serve! Ask why not?
Oh boy! More #LibertarianThoughts from Rand Paul! I can hardly wait! #MorningJoe #Trumpcare
Joe you asked why nothing gets done in congress. The obstructionist TEA PARTY started the non-working together for a solution.
The TEA PARTY started with signing a pledge to never raise taxes or they would lose money for re-election.
Anyone know why @JoeNBC and @morningmika are doing the show in separate locations?
They aren't.
. Joe and Mika have succeeded in turning a once fairly informative show into three hours of POTUS bashing..
Voter fraud commission? Make it easier to turn data over to the GRU.
Don't offer up Rubio, Cruz or any of the corporate lackeys - John Kasich is the only republican capable of thought
What's up with the modular or segregated Morning Joe set?
What is the point of regurgitating every move Trump made that you all (opinions btw) consider bad judgment? Net neutrality? Climate change?
Funny that now that Obama's gone none of the "base" gives a crap about repealing Ocare! Just shows their true motive was about hating O!
One requirement to come on this show? Put down Trump or GOP ideals or go somewhere else
more lies frm> phony doctor & plagiarist who puts white supremacists 2 work-why pollute your show with this faker & sanctimonious narcissist
Why pollute the world with your oxygen thieven ass, she lost...get over it!!!
So, in fact that you've done a 180 on Trump he is correct on some things.
Trump was correct in stating that we, too, have killed journalists and political leaders - Kushner was behind Comey's firing
Thanks for trotting out the quack again for some more nonsense and right wing fringe as if republicans don't suck enough.
-->the recovery of the Presidency from the Republican corporate owned/operated shill contingency.
I think Trump is attacking Sessions and Rosenstein because he suspects neither will fire Mueller - hope they DON'T quit and that starts -->
At least Madoff came clean&went down with some dignity.Trump should do the same.

71/2yr old repeal & replace Obamacare promise no longer applies Ppl 2017 know what it mean to have healthcare majority want to keep & fix.
His POV is never clear to me. Obstruction?
yuk
double yuk
Trump is dissolving
Loving the reporting! Can you have more GOP guests? I'd like to hear of their rationale and understanding of what the President is doing.
  changed channel.
Paul is a mental midget and he's very short.
Rand Paul sucks. KY is MEDICAID expansion state--he's ANTI-MEDICAID. Who is he representing?
1Exactly! And to that note what about Mitch McConnell? That's his state too. Why aren't these states recalling and impeaching them?
2/ when your elected official does harm to the constituency they must go!!! MI impeached 2 reps for having an affair and using state $
He's a liar who has been lying for months knowing full well they didn't have 50 Senate repeal votes because of Medicaid
What is WRONG with you?  Why are you ignoring Trump's blatant attack on the DOJ in the Times interview?
What's up with the people of Kentucky who keep electing Paul and McConnell? I know Kentuckians aren't the smartest people but Com'on Man!!!
voter fraud :)
Now finally something real on your program.
That's it drag in the soon to be former Senator make sure he is comfortable in his future work environment.
Rand "Repeal Only" Paul yeah fuck him
Sad Hypocrites..THE SENATE & CONGRESS SECRETLY VOTED FOR THEMSELVES A NO PAY HEALTHCARE PLAN... PLUS A RETIREMENT SLUSH FUND...
Wish I could watch but the livestream on youtube isn't working! I'm in the UK. Can you get it up and running please?
time to change channels for a bit..sorry, I cannot stomach this little pissant
Thanks for the warning...
I was wrong I taught Rand Paul would vote to pass the health care bill.The A//C/A Saves Lives FACT. Parties have to work together to fix it.


Loves Obamacare, apparently!
GOP mad cause Obama said if you like your Dr keep your Dr. Well Trump finally told the truth. He said screw it, I won't give U a Dr at all.
