are u going to b rude like with KC. You R rude to the right and all smiles with the left.
You don't deserve pleasantries when your party wants to strip insurance from millions to give tax cuts to billionaires. Screw the right.
Screw you and you give away lefty Dems
Blow me
Bet you would like that
Not sure. I can't tell if you'd get all toothy.
He wants it to be "meaner" from what I can tell.
Compassion doesn't mean forcing people to pay for something they don't want or need, like ACA does.
Buddy, we live in a society. But good luck on you. May you never need the grace of others.
We don't need the gov't for grace. My church does more for the homeless than any gov't program. gov't programs create bad dependency
Cancel Kellyanne or I'm not watching!
@KellyannePolls is on #ThisWeek too?! Thank #God for #DVRs and the FF button. #Blech! @ThisWeekABC
Agreed! Need DVR and FF every time skeletor, I mean Pelosi, speaks. Same when watching Obama or most from his old admin. You're SO right!
I'm not into name calling, but I'll take a truth telling skeletor over the Alternative Facts Crypt Keeper any day. 
Real truth, your version of the truth, who cares though right? As long as there's a D by the name you're good. Got it.
Not true.  I voted Repulican in many elections before the Tea Party started radicalizing them.  Don't like the extreme left either.
Ask him how middle income people can afford going to doc w/out insurance
We can't afford the deductibles now! Things were cheaper for us middle income people before.
@RandPaul wants what America needs, a #FullRepeal and #OpenMarketHealthcare
But will you ask him about how the devastating cuts to Medicaid will force disabled people into institutions and out of our communities?
Disabled people will still receive gov't checks and healthcare, as they did before ACA, insurance companies will just get less if my money
Disabled will be forced into Nursing homes or will lose services & much more of your money will be going to insurance COs. #READtheBILL
Nope. Scare tactics.
#READtheBILL
Still no. #RepealAndReplace
The people the CBO says will lose coverage are a large portion who bought it because they HAD to and now won't have to....
Please also ask Senator Heller.....It is obvious we need to go back to the table..Ask Democrats IF THEY HAVE REASONS OUTSIDE OBSTRUCTION.
You also have kellyanne Conway so I will not be watching. #fakenewsliar
Why don't you ask what he can do to make it better, and why they aren't working together for America?
He has been telling how to make it better, but leaving in 8 of the 10 Obamacare mandates is not it.
Awe, guess you don't want to cover the DNC refusal to let Intelligence get to the source of their hacks.   Georgie, Georgie, Georgie.
The Russia story is being phased out, because it was a lie all along. Good catch.
And @ABC has known it was a lie they chose to perpetuate ... all for ratings!!!
Another huge problem blocking inovation in techhealth industry,is NOT releasing specific disease data so that AI and algorythms actuallywork
You've got four others on your propaganda bandwagon and quit this and get on the Trump train and get the thing passed repeal Obamacare now!
VOTE NO ON THIS DUMPSTER FIRE OF A BILL THAT MITCH WANTS TO RAM DOWN YOUR THROAT.  WORK LONGER TO GET IT RIGHT.  DON'T LET TRUMP BULLY YOU.
George S., you sound like a Marxist. We are broke. Why don't u move to Marxist utopia of Venezuela?
who wil help seniors who can't affor 5x. what about nursing homes? Do u how much it cost. No one can afford them. Help them.
Y'ALL are making me want socialized medicine.....
Who's watched? Not meeee
Ask Ron Paul about fraud in bowling green ky. With Morgan and Morgan lawyers office, state farm,modern wood men of america. Their all liers
You aren't a reporter you are a political hack
Ask flat-out if he's okay with millions of people losing healthcare. It's a yes/no question.
You mean losing healthcare insurance with deductibles they can't afford?
Each & every one of you should ask yourselves: If FBI refused to examine dnc severs, how can they know it was Russia hack?   #SundayMorning
George keep doing what you do. You confront these liars like no one else does. I never miss your show. Great job!!!
I support the expansion of Medicaid and do not want to Obamacare repealed.
Why can't they pass it and leave room to improve as they go
Sorry we NEVER watch that idot...AKA #FakeNews copy boy...
Ask him why the free market will insure people better in 2018 than it did pre-ACA?
Hit://youtu.be/ci9KI4rSXw4
I will answer that. A FULL REPEAL!
Let's use Sen. McCain's recent surgery as a case study on the ACA?  Why can't the People have the same healthcare as our elected officials?
The whipping boy of the Clintons once again will browbeat any conservative, talk over, lie about them in the name of liberalism. PATHETIC!
George you are a walking example of fake news. You were and are still in clintons pocket. You shouldn't be allowed to report news at all.
Ditto
He's wishy washy.  He's gonna cave.  No  character.
Let private ins cos do their thing. Fed Govt outta socialistic agenda!!
Fake News!
Rather Sen Paul not turn around on this issue, & just repeal Obamacare & keep govt out of insurance business which is not their job!
WHAT DID WE DO B4 ACA? WERE MILLIONS DYEING IN THE STREETS DUE TO HEALTHCARE? THIS BILL WILL BANKRUPT THE USA, THUS IF PASSED WILL KILL
People With preexisting Will be Denied. or have Crappy coverage forcing ER care, or have time limits
It's sad that the big government Republicans are still in charge.   What happen to the repeal part of the bill?
Paul wants MORE Americans killed faster, dummy
Why don't you ask someone Ann bout President Trump and the Russians again? Or better yet, ask a it the Senate investigations into DNC...
We want: cheaper better health care, lower deductibles, more choices, no pre exist clauses, ability to buy across state lines.
Paul opposes the bill because having over 20 million people lose healthcare is not enough, he wants more people to suffer.. SMDH
A Clinton hack!
expensive insurance, drugs,worst outcomes. We need Medicare for all. Former Insurance Co CEO's agree
People's lives should not be an ideological issue, Mr Paul.America, the richest country, most
Ask about Bernie sanders scandal
Rand, you are obviously not a physician. You will put hundreds of thousands in KY at risk. IMMORAL
Correct him when he lies or avoids telling truths,
His babble almost as incoherent as KellyAnne's. AARP is correct! #HealthcareNotWealthcare
Rand wants to repeal #Medicare
Your sill on the air you been around the Clintons to long you don't know when to leave
Why doesn't Mr. Paul suggest a flat tax of 10% for every American regardless of income and then eliminate every other tax. Even a person...
...on a fixed income will benefit, as most spend their whole income on goods and services that are taxed more than one time.
He is a Koch Brothers Shill.
So true ,So is Pence, Pence/Koch Brothers discussed payment during Pence's latest fund raiser
Stephanopoulus is a partisan hack, will be interesting how he spins this!
Omg....why do you have Kellyann on?  She just rambles on and on about Ocare...not about heir plan. UGH!
What a hypocrite!!
Nobody cares what u do
Old @GStephanopoulos is a liberal hack
Plan to talk about Loretta Lynch this week? I didn't think so.
Tell the Republican congressman we have A new Health Care plan ready to go it's called Medicare and Medicaid. It's proven and it works
Sorry can't watch you.
you work for the bill Clinton administration you are so one sided The way you hammer the Republicans give the Democrats a pass #FakeNews
This will kill people but I think you all don't really care about the people only the $ in your bank account. You only care when we go vote.
WHY do you have @KellyannePolls on your show? She's a propaganda minister, nothing she says has any credibility. It's embarrassing for @ABC
This guy want to make it even worst
Rand Paul doesn't care other than full repeal -speaks volumes to Americans not in the way he thinks
Omg Kelly Ann.  What the hell she can never stay on a question.   She is so dam ugly it's hard to watch.
Why doesn't anyone ask Trump supporters that say ACA is failing about their roll in crashing ACA
It's staged!!! He'll sign... @RandPaul is a joke.
George how about pressing on mandating med ins. Car ins is mandated.
You are not supposed to try and twist anything around you ghoul. You are only supposed to report...
Gov get out if our lives and health care! Now that's a bill I can support!
Cutting #Medicaid is a cruel cruel thing ..disabled ,aged, elderly will be effected..they will die ..hope u r happy that you r heartless
If I &others lose private employer provided insurance bcuz of u& #Republicans u better all go hide cuz your party will be gone ..ridiculous
George,did Hillary give you talking points for today's show for a contribution to the money laundering operation aka the Clinton Foundation?
Healthcare savings plans ajoke ifa person doesn't have money 2save&most normal people don't.politicians don't have 2worry have best coverage
Dems lied cheated stole and bribed to pass Obamacare yet never heard you interview any of them as intently as you did Conway #DemocratShill
#repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
There has never been cheap healthcare so how can u return to that ..find a way 2 fix overcharging insurance companies & pharmaceutical corps
Per his answers to your questions today he will cave and vote for. All talk, weak senator.
Ask him about the age tax
.@KellyannePolls won't answer questions. Remember her comments when she worked for Cruz? How much could she being paid?
Why stephanopoulos is a joke.
Why did you let Kellyanne Conway go on on on on and never answer you question???
Listening to @KellyannePolls spew hypocrisy is infuriating. STOP giving her a mic
Obamacare is awful, and the GOP bill would make it permanent. I hope Senator Paul sticks to his guns and votes No. We need a full repeal!
Why do you have the Grim Reaper speaking her #alternativefacts on my television?
He has his own plan. Using that instead would probably get him on board.
Have turned off the sound until the alternative facts are over. Waste of air time George.
Stop treating them like ee add l politicians, they work for lobbyists
Could you then talk to anyone about lynch, sanders and Hillary FBI investigations with same gusto you did the Trump investigation? #fakenews
Why do you not start every broadcast with a disclaimer that you are partisan?
You are Foolish. They believe that private markets are SO GOOD them Why Do the GOP have GOVT CARE paid by taxpayers WAKE UP!!
#standwithRand @RandPaul
Get a good bill or no bill at all.
It's ok, George, I don't think anyone will be watching!!
Be sure and flaunt your liberal bias. I'll pass
Nobody cares about your fake crap Georgie! Bizarre crap about how ur daughter sleeps in parents bedroom b/c of fears u  teach her of @potus
ABC=Already Been Castrated
How about u don't ask what will turn him around but what will turn that shitty bill around
Good for you Rand. A true conservative, fighting for the free market
He did not give any specifics we learned nothing
Get aboard rand paul
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
well he's a small guy. So he's easy to turn around... Just sayin....
And as soon as I saw you had irrelevant kellyanne on, I walked away from the tv. Why do you give this woman air time. Stop caving.
Rand always has to stage some little drama, but he won't be a problem. Hey, RP! We're killing Medicaid over here 
Ask him what happens to ACA if it goes forward as is... Ask why the Dems are not working towards fixing it?
Ask them about Clinton/Russia connection and when Lynch and HRC will be testifying
I have rarely seen so many clueless responses outside of huffpo. Educate yourselves. He's been against the obamacare lite bill since day 1.
You are always bashing Trump! You lost! George no one believes you or ABC any more! Try getting your credibility back!
Love how this political HACK is suddenly transformed into a "journalist " -yet somehow Republicans keep going on his farcical show - why???
maybe u should go to The View.
Ask what he has to say to the MILLIONS of disabled Americans whose life & Libert are being threatened by his party's #Wealthcare bill.
Na. We had plenty of social services to help the poor before ACA and will after. You've been duped into believing bigger gov't is the answer
Do you even try to hide your bias?
George wants to lie some more, watch out Sen. Paul, he will stab you in the back...
Let Obamacare Die! It's toxic and infects all it touches!
You lose any credibility when you put known irrelavent unqualified random wackos on tv like @KellyannePolls when no1 cares what clowns think
HARD WORKING AMERICANS WANT TO BE ABLE TO "USE" THEIR INS.W/OUT HUGE DEDUCTIBLE. WE WANT TO FINALLY SEE OUR DOCTORS. BETTER BE BEST PLAN EVR
Yea it's good to ask the tough questions!
Stop asking @KellyannePolls to your show she NEVER answers any questions she just babbles
Bring in Chuck Schumer, ask why he continued Trump investigation lie, when he knew it wasn't true?
@GStephanopoulos BTW how did u ever come out back n the day when you was up 4 obstruction of justice CHG trying 2 cover @billclinton - 
no one should watch abc
fake news.
Could anything red pill @GStephanopoulos ?
I dont like it when GOP guys go on #FakeNews and bash the GOP efforts to repair the ObamaCare disaster.
just acting just to agree old trick to then agree to the bill
Oh I'm sure mr. Paul can make some kind of backdoor deal with mr. Trump to get this vote on this bill. Shame on rand
I won't watch this show anymore if you don't stop giving lunatics platforms to spout their absurdities, falsehoods & pure LIES. Set the bar
Ask what he has to say to the MILLIONS of disabled Americans whose life & Libert are being threatened by his party's #Wealthcare bill.
You should ask him if he thinks all Americans deserve health care.
@SenateMajLdr @RandPaul (2013) caught on HOT MIC discussing the GOP's "healthcare" strategy. 4-years-later, and nothing has changed. #AHCA
Just like any other GOP person, he's against anything that doesn't  put money in his pocket
Yeah just like the clinton foundation
Here we go--blaming Obama and lying about established facts.   Avoiding what DJT hasn't done.
Come on George quit with Kellyanne already! We don't need  to hear the bimbo fabricate answers anymore Quit having her on. What a waste 
You blew it again George. Just let KAC spew her lies and let her talk and talk about healthcare that are false
WHY DO YOU CONTINUE TO GIVE @KellyannePolls AIR TIME???  IRRESPONSIBLE!!
Ask how those with Black Lung benefits will vote if they lose coverage -ACA best they've had.
Omg! Can't shows book new guests? Insurance companies, experts! Rand Paul yada yada
She was "effective" in the slimy world of campaign, we're in the Oval now. Need to up the standards.
One minute and she's already lying...
Can't believe you give KA Conway air time---she's been discredited a million times.
Time for him tp go
Lordy George give it up.....no one is watching you leave plz
It's not a health bill. It's a loophole bill for tax cuts to the wealthy and a death bill for the general public
Can't wait to see you talk with Crazy Ann Conway.
Srsly? That's what you think Americans want to know? How 'bout asking why AHCA cuts medicaid deeply; how many will die in his state?
Unfortunately you're having @KellyannePolls on. I won't watch her lie and evade the questions. Buh bye
Paul thinks the bill has too much heart. He wants it meaner.
How bout making @KellyannePolls answer some questions and not spin and spin. I'd really like to see if anyone can
George all Trump did was tried to over turn everything  president Obama did.
@ABCPolitics @RandPaul @ThisWeekABC  Crooked media abc dies not rpt on senate investigation of L Lynch underway!
Please show him pictures of people who have died from lack of health care while you have him. He has a very infectious laugh.
Then there are no pics to show.  Anyone who needs medical attention gets it.
Ask @RandPaul to predict "The State of The Union" a year from today, with Trump at the wheel!
Why not try to be fair for once. Crawl out of 0-bamas ass & act like a real reporter. I would call you a journalist,but that would be a lie
Try the "turd" comment with her.  As in " you would support 'this president' if he dropped a turd on the table"
No, the people don't want the new healthcare bill. What are you thinking?  We don't want him to change his mind.  Stay out of it.
Also ask him about how it feels to be complicit in allowing collusion by #potus with foreign powers?
That may be the point.  It gets him on this week!
will my costs go down? Mine went up so others can have insurance. There has 2 b a better way 
It will take the ok from his controllers.
All 535 in congress have assumed a position they believe will not harm future reelection bids.
Why don't you ask him about Obamacare and how it has screwed most if not all people?
