I won't vote for Obamacare Lite that keeps 90% of the taxes & spending just so some people can claim credit for something that didn't happen
Calling a bill that KEEPS most of Obamacare "repeal" doesn't make it true. That's what the swamp does. I won't be bribed or bullied.
Get off your high horse and compromise. Something needs to be done and this is a great first step. Your vote won't be forgotten.
Whats wrong with putting healthcare back to the states? The fed govt should never oversee our healthcare.
The Senate Republicans need to come up an acceptable bill that is good for America. Compromise!
Try this:
Rep plan:
1) Repeal McCarran-Ferguson Act, to permit interstate health ins compt’n
2) Forbid states from imposing non-discrim mandate
3) Repeal tax deduction for employer-sponsored health care, reducing…
But it does keep my family from paying a fine to the government for not having a product I can't afford that doesn't benefit me.please help!
You have been sponging off tax payers for years.  I will bet you have quality and affordable health care, I am sure of it.
Skinny repeal wasnt a full repeal and u voted for
that .
if it is a step in the right direction, then why not at least take that step while u can? or do u truly want ocare (singlepayer)?
why after months can't leadership make you happy enough with an amendment to get a yes out of you? Are you that much out of the circle?
Rand Paul let o care fail insurance comp get bail outs and many people lose coverage because o care in death spiral. This will be on you!
There is no such thing as a Perfect Bill! Are U going to keep obstructing all the time or negotiate for some relief for those suffering?
But it is a step in the right direction.  The socialist liberals didn't get prayer out of the schools in one bill.  Abortion impl neither.
Congress needs to get over the "It's my way or the highway mentality" you have to compromise or nothing will get done!! Like Now!!
No, no compromises....Tough leadership is required....and respect...
You are not being bullied or bribed, but you are being obstinate and irresponsible.  You are neither Republican or for the people.
"No" is not a solution.
A Non-Vote or Vote Against could usher in Single Payor with OC bankruptcy
Congrats for helping to keep Obamacare! You and McCain can go celebrate!
I #stillstandwithrand
No one buys what your saying conservatives don't think much of you or listen to you anymore you serve no purpose
And now thanks to YOU, we're stuck with it.  Thanks for backing your party - NOT!  What was the greater good?  Republicans NEVER come together as a group; therefore, they do not retain power for long. The DEMS will soon takeover due in large part to you!
You are a red herring on healthcare. You think it can be profitable and doesnt need subsidy ? that is retarded thinking !
Why don't you have a bill before the Congress to repeal Obamacare? If there is one I sure have never seen it. Get busy and get one presented
It's a start. Things aren't always so easy.
Quit explaining and complaining.. no one want to here your excuses anymore. you don't belong in the Senate..there's no "I" in Team #disgrace
However if nothing is done then Obamacare will continue, Not good for anyone!
incremental changes rather than one fell swoop are the steps to end obamacare. this is the first step.
You've done more to save Obamacare than Schumer and Pelosi combined. It should be renamed ObamaPaul care.
The Affordable Care Act is better than what it replaced. Being against it is only good if you are willing to support universal healthcare (Medicaid for all). Libertarianism is a corporate con
You are a rare truth teller
@trudeauisbad69
Liked rand during the primary , not any more won't go along with trumps agenda
Well put a bill together Rand and quit running your mouth
Vote yes this time. You voted skinny repeal. Get this done sir
Kill Kill Kill off people with preexisting conditions. Yes, please make it where I have to pay out the ass for insurance. That's how I see u
Nah you love it.
So what is your plan? Get something done! Sick of all of you ,but esp you and McCain!
PLEASE reconsider your vote! This can be a first step!....it is better to get control OUT of Fed Govt. Hands. Working ppl NEED it!
Yes you vote for things that will either pass without you or have no chance of ever becoming law.  How noble and pure of you.
Jerk
You know every excuse you give adds to the proof that you are not doing your job and voters will remember that if you don’t shape up
Sometimes we cannot get 100% or at least not initially. Your constituents are hurting under ObamaCare. This bill will help & we need relief.
Without repeal ocare jobs are hard to come back to America
If you want repeal it and you should have to live with Obamacare as well
Without you something might get done
If I send you a repeal bill idea, will you author it?
Stop being obstinate...your no vote only ensures Obamacare stays in place.
RAND PAUL THATS FLAT OUT BS, VOTE FOR THE BILL OR REMAIN AN OBSTRUCTIONIST V ALL GOP VOTERS
Rand Paul has REAL repeal ready, Deep State Paul Ryan+McConnell blocking it. If pass Graham-Cassidy, Ryan is lock 2018=NO #MAGA
U want that?
Full repeal aint gonna happen. If this bill doesnt pass we are going to end up w single payer. Turn it back to the states. Start somewhere.
Real repeal won't happen IF let Graham-Cassidy pass, EVER. Will also ensure Paul Ryan re-elected 2018. U want that?
Full repeal aint gonna happen. If this bill doesnt pass we are going to end up w single payer. Turn it back to the states. Start somewhere.
They arent going to repeal it. Face it..they lied. But I would prefer it go back to the state level. Or hello single payer. U want that?
Congress won't repeal Obama's MASSIVE tax IF u bend over for Graham-Cassidy. AND Paul Ryan will win 2018,+be setup nicely for 2020 Pres run.
You are giving Paul Ryan way too much credit. The state can reform health insurance to meet its citizens needs. This is the last chance.
called ACA
Rand, standing with you. 'Cause you're absolutely right.
BUT!  Is it a step in the right direction?  Can you just get rid of the mandate and the tax?  DO SOMETHING!
Somehow the Republicans MUST start working together or loose all they gained!
The current bill is not what the taxpayers want, when is congress going to learn to listen to the taxpayérs?
How much does the DNC pay you ?
I am a republican. U need to go. You, Mitch, McCain, tho whole bunch of u. You didn't listen to who hired you.
So you are destroying the families stuck with high premiums . Time to compromise
Just repeal it and the taxes that go with it. Allow hsa's and purchase across state lines. Its not hard, congress, do your job!
We need to repeal it out right, then worry abut replacing it. The way it was passed was very shady. Do Away with it!
It can all be tweaked after...If you don't sign, then you are setting America up to Single Payer..you better talk with Graham and Cassidy..
Are you kidding?This bill is a bridge to give tax cuts to the super rich.Is that you?This bill must be defeated.#koch can't buy our govt
Who cares at this point it is dead, the senator from AZ has spoken, this @SenateGOP just can't get anything done, time for new voices
Maybe not, but doing nothing is not the answer so stop sitting on the sideline Talking. Doing nothing is a VOTE TO KEEP Obamacare.......
But the alternative is path to single payer isn't it?
Google Rand Paul healthcare bill. Spread the word and get people talking. His bill is far superior to #GrahamCassidyBill
So what? UR just going 2 keep ACA? U'd rather keep ACA other craft this bill 2 improve it. Insert repeal amendment. #DrainTheSwamp & #MAGA
Rand Paul's bill is ready, but Deep State Paul Ryan+McConnell BLOCKING it. If pass Graham-Cassidy, Ryan is lock for 2018. Do you want that?
Ryan's not a lock 4 anything he'll be lucky 2 b reelected to congress. Full repeal won't pass either, tried that. Traitors Collins & McCain,
If pass Ryan's legislation, which u pushing w Graham-Cassidy Ryan is definitely a lock for 2018. The GOP already blocking Nehlan from events
I'm not pushing any bill but I want the assholes 2 accomplish something. ACA is failing & obstruction is obstruction regardless of motive
Rand introduced bill that previously pass House+Senate. It will pass again but RINO's Paul Ryan+Mitch McConnell obstructing Obamacare repeal
Then It's not going to pass will it. You're talking in circles & preaching 2 the choir. Call Ryan & McConnell's offices or your own reps.
Oh it will pass. If allowed to floor Rand Paul's real Obamacare repeal will pass. Otherwise ALL the RINO's lose their jobs, and they know it
Correction: You voted NO on repeal/replace but you voted YES on partial repeal and YES on skinny repeal. Why is this diff? We see you RP.
Why is your voice so insignificant then?
Then fucking come up with something
Its easy to cast a vote for a bill with no chance of passing. Graham-Cassidy brings families relief now. Vote to pass it.
Please vote yes! The senate Republicans have got to come together.  Please!
IT'S A GOOD FIRST STEP!
Then please introduce a bill that will repeal & replace that you can support & let's get it done! You've had all year. Quit dinking around!
THIS needs to pass https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf … #realrepeal
Vote to repeal then fix it!
We have to start somewhere.
Facts!
So you guarantee we stay with the ACA and all it's problems.   Good job Senator
The current bill is better than what we have now.  If we are forced on Obamacare you should be forced to go on it too.  Primadonna
Anything is better than what we have now!
@GOP #Lied-they do NOT want2repealObamacare.#GrahamCassidy is #Obamacare & the cost 2 taxpayers=1 trillion $ #RepealObamacare #FreeMarket
Its best we can do, sadly.  Please support.
Is it better though? We're clearly not getting the repeal we were promised. Thank that turd McCain for that!
When the vote meant nothing! Might not be perfect but for God's sake you're not ever going to get everything you want.
But it's better than nothing.
You can pass this bill and continue to work on it. It would for the Dems to work on it as well
please explain.
Someday when we are being run by leftie weirdos out of Brussels you will be so glad you were not bullied WILL SAY NO ONE EVER
So give up YOUR exemption. Policy makers will fix only when they give up Senate/Congress exemption to ACA .(OPM rule 78 Fed. Reg. 60653-01)
Doing something is better than smugly doing nothing.  The bill can be made better down the road.  Obama care can't.
Removing the individual mandate is one of the most important things for me, which this bill does. Get it done.
Do it for the team not yourself!
Don't trust ur state 2 manage it's citizen's health care options?  Seriously you aren't going 2 have another chance 2 vote for full repeal.
You've had 7 years and you still have nothing. If the GOP doesn't get their shit together get ready for primaries. #AMERICAFIRST #MAGA 
Health Care isn't easy to fix, as Bush knows, doing nothing w/ it in 8 yrs. O rammed thru garbage.We need #GrahamCassidy as a starting point
I agree with you, but if you don't step up and vote for this bill we may never get rid of it, I have a son and 2 little granddaughters.
You believe keeping Ocare is better than taking steps to fixing? This bill gets rid of employer mandate which is huge for jobs, jobs, jobs.
Oh, go blow.
Rand Paul is a fraud. Doesn't really want a repeal, just protecting Kentucky $$$
Stick to your guns. The lunatic commander in chief believes he has you by the balls.
FK U AND MCCAIN!
There is a Stones song that fits this situation. "You cant always get what you want but you vote for it because it's better than Obamacare"
APRIL 15th - MILLIONS FINED for not being able to afford ObamaCare. THANKS RAND!
Why haven't you come up with something. You constantly oppose but have nothing of value to offer.
Then get behind the Republican Party Paul. You can't have everything your way
Ron Paul,  you really don't get the big picture do you,   vote him out of office weith a ressonable Republican  he would have us all in hell
Can it be fixed?
Do you now become his supporters
Support Graham-Cassidy -- we can't wait longer for relief for working families with high premiums and deductibles. We elected you to lead.
What do you want?
it should be Repeal and Dismantle!
But Waiting for a clean repeal just doesn't seem like it's going to happen so what can we do?
We need to move the ball down the field. What is YOUR problem? Thanks for nothing.
You need to put your ego aside long enough to realize that any step forward is a win. You will never get everything you want.Don't be mccain
Is it better than leaving it entirely intact though?

If you had to choose between GC and the current system with no other choice...
THEN FIX IT and stop complaining. Just make the changes you would accept. OR add amendments next round! 7 years later? Really?
@NetworksManager This whole thing stinks of insurance lobbyists and propping up the insurance companies. I bet payoffs abound!!!
Compromise and amend!
A vote "NO" for the republican bill is a vote for Obamacare. Wake up Senator!!!
We just want it GONE....go back to old system
Vote "Yes" anyway.  Please, just do it!
You should come up with a bill to repeal and then replace it. My patients are hurting because they dont have money to pay deductables.
Have you read his plan? It's workable & sensible.
No i have not. They need to do something about it soon. My patients are hurting.
Check it out. He's a wise legislator, a caring doctor, & a true Constitutional Conservative who has composed best plan I've read thus far.
Okay i will.
It gives the power to the states!!!  Thats good!!!
But its a great start. C'mon Senator, ya gotta do something for the people.
How do you intend to get 8 democrat senators to vote for repeal??? This at least repeals the mandates which is financially ruining people
Please do it! Please!
We The People are behind Rand Paul!
But a step in the right direction you are never going to get full repeal you missed that chance in January start picking away at it
Can you explain why?
It's all we have!!!! No single payer!!! Can't you find something good in it!!
Neither was the skinny bill you endorsed Senator Paul
Stick to your guns Rand. Force repeal. No need to vote for awful over current catastrophic (it'll die on its own if RINO won't act)
Being opposed to O-care  means nothing if you vote to leave 100%  in place. Giving some pwr back to states better than vote to keep O-care
Fix it or zip it. I'm sick of the BS, sick of the "do nothing" Congress, & sick of Congress caring more about amnesty than Americans. #2018
He won't vote for obamacare lite.....but will vote to keep obamacare.  Nice job.  #hypocrite #keepyourpromises
Congratulations. You own Obamacare now.. @RandPaul
We, the American people are disillusioned with a government who doesn't represent us. Get ALL government out of healthcare.The only winners?
NOT we, the American people!!!  It's insurance companies.  COMPLETELY REPEAL IT!!!!
could you show the American people your bill
We are at a crossroads Mr. Paul, which way will u turn?
You keep saying that! Then do something!!
Let go of your pride and go to work incrementally to make better! My wife wants to pursue CRNA but I can't afford Insur. w Obamacare 2/2
But no bill is perfect and this does get close. Think about the rest of us suffering because of Obama care! Please!
@Smokes_Angel You can amend later. I wanted full appeal, but with single payor threat, do the first step. Vote yes please
I need the penalty for having no health care removed! Then I can really feel better for not being able to afford it!
Funny
Those "multiple times" meant nothing.
Now, when it means SOMETHING, your colors shine thru
#GrahamCassidy
#MAGA
Then why can't YOU , come up with something better??
USCongress has passed horrible laws against American People. You should not be above any law. 3 of your colleagues REFUSE Repeal ObamaCare
You've been right ever since you went looking for the first House Bill. Don't be Goat that Blocks this!  You have future; McCain doesn't!
Blah, blah, blah! Ur a "swamp beast " Rand Paul! Hook up with McCain and play with the Liberals
You're not going to get a complete repeal with makeup of the Senate as it is so you have become no better than Senator McCain w/obstruction
U and RINO McCain always,have an excuse...all  I know is promises are being broken, mitchy boy is up to his,head
As massive as Obamacare is, isn't it better to start somewhere???? Get rid of more over time. Chip away piece by piece #GetterDone
Obamacare is GOP-originated approach based on personal responsibility. Greatly slowed health care $ growth, insured 22M new folks. Works!
What rock are you living under?  It's terrible! Collapsing.
You better vote yes and get something done . State Law
Don't expect my vote again until u learn team play!
Learn to compromise
We will NEVER get full repeal thank @SenJohnMcCain for THAT! If this new bill doesn't pass, we are STUCK with Obamacare!!! Get on board!
But at some point we have to move forward. Can’t this be Step 1 in a multiple step process of repealing?
Then, please present a bill that is truly repeal & replace.  Get it through the Senate.  Otherwise Graham Cassity is all we have
Voting  no is a vote for the continuation of Obamacare. Like it or not, we might have to do it in small steps. Please support our president.
We disagree about repeal, but agree about this bill. Thank you for standing firm in the face of this absurd pressure from POTUS
Hold on tight. Single payer health care soon to be.  Big necessary step towards globalization soon to come  TY  Susan,John, and Rand
Exactly!! Repeal that damn thing and stay out of it.  Only the big insurance makes off with all the money we don't have.
Do you believe ACA is better than  the republican offer?  If not you better get on board with the Republicans.
If we just leave it alone will it die out and is it best to do that? I am a trump supporter. Want clean repeal.
Let’s just sit on our ass/not do shit for our entire career in D.C . I like you, but damn am I tired of nothing ever getting fuckin done!
congress is supposed to be tedious laborious and not slap dash bill bs, rand has a bill nobody is willing to touch.
it repeals the shit out all aspects of Obamacare and stops giving insurance companies money!!!
So we should let companies lose money and just keep subsidizing them... yea that fixes the problem.
no let them fail if they suck
it's not governments jobs to make companies profitable and give people healthcare
Exactly!!!! Graham Cassidy does exactly that moreso than ObamaCare. It’s steps in right direction.
step is bad word for give insurance companies money still in case they start to fail. That sounds like bailout
Laws are never repealed! Are they?
You’re wrong Paul we have to start somewhere and you and #McCain is acting like part of the swamp
I don't care for your politics but at least you are consistent.
Waiting for a specialist a year later..Obama care leads to long term disability. Long term disability leads to the dark side. So broke..
We could use some relief from big gov't, single person premium next year is over $1400 a month.
Something is sometimes better than nothing Sen. Rand. As a fellow physician and a supporter, I always worry when you agree with McCain.
Bull!  U r just like @SenJohnMcCain & @SenatorCollins , talk trash and vote w/democrat!
Put slf in R place.If Sens wr on ocare,with r income,so cdnt afford prems & cdnt get hc,then maybe u'd understand.Plz vote 4 graham-cassidy
Drain the swamp!  Starting with Rand Paul, John McCain and Susan Collins!
U sir are full of it
Please do tell what YOUR solution is for the immediate needs of Americans? Not next fiscal budget year. Not in "the near future". But NOW!?
Go Rand! You know we don't want #CommieCare we want #FreedomCare free from gov rule. #MAGA @realDonaldTrump
A Vote against this bill is a vote for Obama care
Then vote for the Bill. We've had it with Obamacare!
It's a start! Help us!
Then move it forward for future changes. Give some Americans relief from a failing HC system. We need to stop paying you 72% for HC premiums
Thank you for standing strong
Please repeal Obamacare ASAP.
I'm sick that my taxes help support abortion
U R unable to get 60 senators TODAY to repeal it.  Do you think the public is stupid? Resign.
While I was hoping 4 the bill 2 pass, I admire Senator Paul as he is one of the few that is honest and  "means what he says".
You said you wouldn't vote for it last time but you DID  You are nothing but big talk,when it comes to the vote,you'll be a YES as always
is lying. Talk is cheap! Why not make a genuine start to repeal while 'Rand Care TM' makes it's way through the Senate?
https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Maybe not but it is a start. Everything starts someplace. Stop rediculous excuses and get this done.
You will not get another chance at this
1. Has anyone in here complaining actually read the bill
Please vote no on  the latest bill !
Whatever, Ayn, as long as Obamacare stays right where it is.
I'm with you Rand but leaving Obamacare in place isn't the answer either.
You just want to kill even more Americans.  You're pure evil.  Your party is a Terrorist group.
