YES, REPEAL and NO REPLACE
and then what, dr?
Free marketplace of course.
AGREED 100%
Right now - we have to get rid of the mandate - get government AND the IRS out of our healthcare.
hunt those currently sick! We can bring costs way down that way!
maybe those could be in a larger group for better rate collectively..?
that's exactly what they are going to do
How is it even possible to have "complete repeal" of the ACA without negatively impacting the current Medicaid system.
TOTALLY AGREE!!! RT
no thanks..Y'all just keep dividing this country apart
We want @POTUS (purple) plan, not this Ryan lobbyist BS !!!
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump PLEASE LISTEN TO RAND PAUL AND THE 530 to 6:00 segment of @seanhannity WE THE PEOPLE #America
Better have replacement in your hand.
Complete repeal and no replace with anything.
. No one knows more than Rand. Paul please listen
let the market fix this! Not the government
yes the market robbed health care in Europe. You try it.
you can't get something for nothing!
last I looked I pay taxes and inssurance ACA only makes it affordable for working class
no it doesn't make it any more affordable. It only puts more money into the gov hands. It's  TAX!
So Jeff Jeans who had cancer and saved by health care he can afford, made up a story?
don't know him but I do read and most of the data points to ACA one big failure and is imploding
The man saved thanks to ACA from cancer. A republican. So let's see where this goes 1)
Rand, your proposal is to repeal with no replacement, and then replace later. WTH. you cannot be serious
the market will be available
Rand, you're losing me on this! Can't support mass repeal of taking from Americans, unless you repeal your insurance!
what the gov't is doing now IS taking from Americans. Full repeal. It's not gov't job to provide healthcare
Repeal it please !!
Why can't @GOP get this? Is it really that damn hard to understand?
I still want to know what happened to REPEAL bill that was vetoed???
Uhm.... that's not what the currently-divided GOP is stating....
not sure but it does happen sometimes. I retweeted for u
I would agree with COMPLETE repeal but I went to school
Sorry.  Americans want universal healthcare for all.  Nothing less will do.
move to Europe or Russia or Canada Americans don't want the IRS in charge of their HC
yes let's repeal the health insurance of politicians like Paul Ryan and @jasoninthehouse
even illegals have the lavish healthcare plans that Congress enjoys - we can't afford it
no time to seperate rand please work to do the right thing
complete repeal and replace.
keep it up. Your on the right track.
I pray for a spirit of UNITY in Congress over #RepealAndReplace, @HouseGOP divided cannot stand!! UNIFY, not FIGHT!
HOW in good conscience do OTHER R's think HURTING the OLDER AND POORER, make this country GREAT AGAIN?  Stop this BILL!
Too much talk about repeal without much detail of new plan.  Make new plan something we can be happy with before hand.
Help pull the wagon Paul H.C. will get there in 3 steps.  Include you ideas & we all win.  Have faith & UNIFY.
@NetworksManager @RandPaul 
Go further. Concentrate on reducing costs. Tort reform for medical professionals.
already dead in the water
these House Republicans will bog down in their own crap
Free Trade, free market. That's what Donald Trump does not understand about libertarianism
The new plan is much worse than the ACA. Don't mess with it 'till you can actually improve it. For real. Lives at stake!
@MAF_CAT @RandPaul Repeal! #Obamacarelite
a good senator
Cut healthcare executives to no higher than doctors
Better listen to Sen Paul.  His healthcare ideas are what needs to be new plan. Complete repeal and complete replace
Sorry Rand. Nothing against you but you're just not a viable candidate for POTUS. You're not likable.
I like Rand but he needs to support uniting the GOP to abolish the unconstitutional Obamacare once and for all.
#StandWithRand 
 #repealobamacare
Trumpcsre brings republicans together just the way garbage bring all flies together.
Need 60% for full repeal.  How do you propose to pull that off?
where is free mkt reform?..buy across states, pharma collective bargaining, published prices, tort reform, sooo much more
why do US pay so much more for drugs than any other nation? We are uncompetitive if we saddle biz ins w/ drug r&d costs
you said repeal and replace on the same day.
REPEAL! Poor, old & disabled LEGAL Citizens still qualify for taxpayer pd programs sustainable w/o ILLEGALS overburdening
does it matter if u rip band aid off or ? Depends how hairy u r. Make changes, roll out in phases!
Good to see my congressman upholding his end of the deal. Thanks @Rep_Tom_Garrett. Do not surrender to leadership.
Good to see my congressman upholding his end of the deal. Thanks @Rep_Tom_Garrett. Do not surrender to leadership.
Amen brother!  Get the govt out of my wallet out of my healthcare.  Where does the constitution give u the mandate 4 hc?
Kill ObamaCare once & for all. Socialized medicine is all wrong & not suited for a free people.
please listen to rand Paul on the new legislation we are only going to get one chance to replace the Obamacare disaster
you tell them Rand
Exactly why i love rand paul
so the president tweets that you will support and you come out and do his bidding. He threatened you and you caved.
fight for us Rand
show ppl wat healthy debate process is. Educate ppl wat healthcare can/cant do. Eliminate erroneous emotional arguments.
Paul on right track, but this is a process bcuz til 2018 wen GOP gets a Senate super majority:), full repeal will b hard.
Thanks for defending Tea Party Patriots and Conservatives that believe in free market capitalism
Keep the govt out!!
disaster!!! Yrs and this is all GOP could come up with?!?! #notmyrepublicanparty @gop @SpeakerRyan
Remember we elected you to solve the problem.  You have House, Sen & POTUS.  Get it done for us!  Failure not acceptable.
Thank you for your defense of the people.
Complete repeal!  Not this Obama Lite nonsense!
. Quit acting like a puss.
. You're still following the pillars of Obamacare..this will lead to failure!
@ColumbiaBugle @RandPaul Rand 2020
@realDonaldTrump @jaredkushner @SebGorka Get Rand Paul and his Freedom Caucus group in for Dinner & talk about insurance
can't wait to see if any of you still have a job in 2018.

Debate is healthy & American. No need to defend with political rhetoric  @RandPaul
@CruzinAhead @RandPaul From his lips to God's ear.
Leaving IRS in place puts Fed over State rights by Congress changing taxes at whim  @spirit_sue @RandPaul
Complete repeal & complete decoupling of any IRS involvement whatsoever. Welfare=expense, Not Tax Cr. @spirit_sue @RandPaul

REPEAL!!! Market based insurance or nothing!!
Just make sure you get 60 votes in the senate and don't leave us with Obamacare.
Maybe you can reelected on you "axe job" solution, but not many others can and shouldn't!
Good Hob Rand. Smear lipstick all over that PIG!
Your from kentucky! Remember that! It explains your cowardice in doing THE RIGHT THINGS! Southern republicans same DNA!
and what is your plan?
you lost remember and Cruz to
Gonna look stupid and never get anything done
agree, complete repeal and replace
REPEAL do not REPLACE
u r looking ridiculous and no better then the democrats and I am strong conservative start working together or get out!!!
u r wrong u have been given everything 2 make this happen by people like me & u r throwing it away... work together!!!
rewind: Early it was posted united in repeal, divided in replacement?
The enemy is on the other side. Pls Republicans, work together.PresTrump has enough battles
Clean and complete repeal!  Say NO to #ObamaTrumpCare!
year is unacceptable. Work it out or pass this and amend later. But don't fuck me on this Paul!
#PutinCare
no no! We do not want NO healthcare first. First replace, then repeal. Why the hurry to take our healthcare? #RESISTANCE
if you stop this without anything better in its place I will not vote for you again. To allow aca to continue another 1/2
You heardem. #StandWithRand
30 million x 10 = Republicans out in 2018.
===get in there an work it out...come together...every voice should be heard...fight against democrats.
why are there so many microphones in DC? Someone please get these off the streets- these a-holes can't help themselves
Agreed. The leadership plan is both a new entitlement & a subsidy for insurance companies. Crony capitalism at its worst.
Your plan works @RandPaul
@ShepNewsTeam @RandPaul  Let Rand Paul play too, please...
what is your plan rand Paul? Show your expertise for once!!
@ShepNewsTeam @RandPaul scary stuff, every question Spicer said how bad Obamacare, if buying a new car dealer does not bash old car
@ShepNewsTeam @RandPaul and my insurance that I cannot afford?
This man actually stood up against bs, now he's joined in.
@ShepNewsTeam @RandPaul   That's rightThis is what the voters expectedTotal repeal not Obama lite
-Fight for us Rand your our only hope at getting something fair
you may see it that way but the media and the Dems won't. They will love this. Please try and work together. Get along
You can't heartlessly subject 20 mil ppl and condemn them to no healthcare. Get real or get out of office.
talking in pig Latin.
Gomer can't meet with his base because it would endanger them. Don't mess with his veggies.
Why do we even put you ppl in power?Why wasn't there a house/senate bill the Prez could sign day one?In-fighting idiots.
REALLY?
Bull crap,  get with us or Leave,  fakes
If subsidies & tax credits are "entitlements" to be eliminated, how will lower-middle class people afford new healthcare?
If you've got to tell people how they are responding!!!
Repeal!
Brought to U by the Ins syndicates fronting my campaign for re-election
Sick, sad, and disgusting.
There is never a bad argument when all parties have a common goal, that's the welfare of the American people !!!
funny he's one of the few without a college degree
Evil has never and will never prevail over good.
thata boy
MEDIA already has you boxing each other. When media has a chance to stir hate, they do.
I read some of it that's not. I heard dissent. So, back to the drawing board.
Thank you Sir
it's worth the political fallout, but if Republicans put their  fingers on it it becomes Republicancare for ever
Ok, that's a start, now do what we tell our children to do, sit down and discuss it. No need to bark at each other.
This is not a Party issue it's an American Issue.Congress MUST work together for  American People.This talk is divisive
Do a repeal.  And replace it with nothing.  That'd be good too.
work with the President this is what a democracy is about. Figure this out for the American people! #MAGACare
And you are completely repelling.
Unity is the only way this works. You have to be willing to work together !
kill it dead, Live with the consequences that's why you got elected,no president will touch Single pair for decades
I support doing a complete repeal first.  Then the replacement bill will look a lot better to everyone.
And we should be able to pick the insurance we need. I am sick of companies telling when and who to see!
#RepealTheGOP
And kick these assailed out of office!
Screw establishment cowards. Put up the vote Rand. I want to see them squirm like the weaklings they are. We Vote too...
yes, complete repeal!! We have a President who will sign now!
So, Risky much? Repeal, and hope the DEMS come to the table quickly, and agree to the replacement? Thats not a plan.
why is the government even in dealing with our health insurance? We pay for it and we should pick our own doctors!
Wow...coming from Rand, I'd say we're heading in the right direction. Now, if we can just get McCain to quit his shit!
DT said open to negotiations.. let's begin!
appreciate you all working together. Thanks Republicans.
well Rand Paul will learn that bringing Republicans together against AMERICANS will cost them more than bribes.
I want the right to not have to pay for insurance unless I chose to.
repeal without replace? Sounds like #republicare
do you believe you have a right or entitled to health care?
That's easy for @RandPaul to say when he already has taxpayer funded healthcare, salary and retirement. #ACA
your statement on a different plan is divide.
they're all rich. They're not affected by this. The poor and the middle will die. Rich get richer. Thanks
Hell yeah

Put $ back into Medicare that with your help Obama and Dems stole. 
