you do realize that he proposed his own plan based on the free market, competition & no new entitlements?! wake up..
six years to complain about the ACA & the house was not prepared. shocker. @rand has an actual conservative plan..
funny how many active duty & veterans have supported & donated to him & his father..
 ..fiscal conservative, Rand & Ron are the only reason I have party affiliation.. a few others I trust
Please just repeal it and be done with it. Government has NO place being involved in this area of our lives anyway!
So u OK to give up social security and Medicaid?
Please explain how  paying toward health insurance saves social security and medicare. LISTEN
if you are against government run programmes you should be against all of them not just ACA dummt
True, all need to be reviewed,many cut out.
Trumps doin great thus far. But this is what we get when we elect a NY republican
Maybe, as a Senator, you could do just a bit more than rely on media reports. Maybe you could, oh, I don't know, do your job?
are you one of a few that believes what the media reports?
it's worse than Obama care..Trump care is just another Trump lie
PLEASE do not let them get away with anything even close to Obamacare. MANDATE DEFINITELY HAS to go!
you and the rest of the Republicans need to get behind our President and push back on the Democrats.
I'm behind the president when he returns to DOING what he said concerning FULL REPEAL of ObamaCare 
NO 2 O/C 2.0
I agree but he's not only fighting the Dems,the Repub are fighting him too. Not repealing will cost them next election.
...that's right, but b4 then it will hurt most Americans from being able to afford healthcare.
what happened to buying insurance across state lines?
AMERICANS TO PAY MORE FOR LESS HEALTH CARE AND TO HAVE INOME CUT BY REDUCTIONS IN TAX CREDIT
This isn't what we were promised.
I don't like Represenative Ryan's bill. Where can I get the details on your counter proposal?
procedural. Got to do this then that.  Is what we are being fed anyway.
All that matters is whether it is a better deal for Americans. Try being helpful instead of obstructionist.
N0 2 O/C lite Full Repeal in what Republicans sold US
Obamacare should be repealed all of it, the replacement should have none of obama care in it period. Tired of all the cost.
Why wouldn't you wait to read the version before you posture as a publicity stunt. You should be drained from the SWAMP. #MAGA!
Didn't Trump say that subsequent phases to the order are to follow?
you republicans are beginning to get on my dam nerves never in my life have I seen such behavior in politics
Don't fall for Trump trying to strong arm you with his tweet. HE PROMISED US A FULL REPEAL!! Not Ryan's disaster.
we want your plan, Senator Rand! Please make sure the wider public understands it -- makes so much more sense than anything else!
Ryan proved he isn't up to the job! Career Politicians not knowledgeable enough to design a workable plan! Hire professionals
Whatever these Geniuses come up with it must be mandated for them, no exclusions!
@usaforamericans well then get in there and help you arrogant slug
Your Dad lied when he said you weren't named after Ayn Rand. When he found out she was Jewish he made up the cover story.
@BloodyRed32 Why don't you try working with POTUS and congress instead of trying to grand stand Senator?
stay strong!! I'm praying you are heard. We don't want Obamacare lite!!
If you give up your health care coverage and live like the rest of us, you can keep your Twitter account and cell phone.
if that's so then you reallllllly need to do your job better.
Senator Paul I have been a long-time supporter of you and your Dad but I'm begging you to help President Trump now.
we can have you voted out in 2018 stop being a road block and work with administration and forge ahead.
Your bill would be just as much Obamacare Lite. We just need to leave it up to the free market.
make sure your KY Voters are behind you, or all 
will change in 2018. So far, I am not.
Get in there Rand - make a good plan!
I'm with you repeal it then we can talk about replace
We must have a complete Repeal of the ACA! The Congress has had 6 yrs 2 plan! 
Families patience & budgets are just about gone!
how has the media seen it before you?
No!
How about you give all Americans the same insurance YOU have.
...and the taxpayer subsidies that YOU get?
Howzbout you give me YOUR excellent cvrg and receive insted my so-so cvg. Bc only Congress deserves great cvrg; screw the plebs.
Just do away with heath insurance. Lower medical costs
get it straight America needs a honest govt
one time "fix" not logical since OC is so messed up.  Needs many "fixes" let's identify and get it done.
no OC Light.  Stand your ground.
ACM Lite, unacceptable. Complete repeal & Replace as promised!
@realDonaldTrump Obama care Lite not acceptable. Complete repeal & replace as promised!
If you cared about people work on a bill to reform. Just want to repeal to get back at Obama. Obama is gone now. Do your job
I'm from Texas Sen. Paul and we support you and your proposal to replace Obamacare.
sorry thought police, PC world have taken over, free thinking is endangered species. Medical pricing/billing are the fix
It is terrible. Same junk.
Media reports are to be trusted, they are honest. Not sure why there would be any delay, it's not as if the entire corrupt world is against.
I can't wait to see Mr. Paul sit at the table and work with congress. Time to hammer out a plan. Don't quit until it is done. MAGA
Its out. Tell me what you think. @RandPaul @gop @CNN @NBCNews @ABC #Indivisible
Because it is. #FullRepeal
u r a sen. where is ur perfect plan on the table? #GOP  #PROLIFE #HYPOCRITES Care 4 fetus not 4 human beings
of course it lite, lite on benefits for the majority of the people.
we can't except Obamacare light! It had too many other things buried in it. According to Nancy Pelot see, pass to see what's in it
Agreed!  Paul Ryan is a turncoat and RINO, at best.  It sickens me that Ryan and his team have become big gov't hacks.
I love love love you, Senator Paul, please dig in your heels!!!
Simply exposes the republican party as being abjectly without substance @SpecNewsKY
Dems: Destroy the country ASAP!
GOP-e: Manage the decline. Slow, but don't stop them.
Average Citizens: We're screwed.
Trump 2020
GOP-e want the same things Dems want. They just think they can run Dem programs better.
KILL IT NOW, then figure what if anything is actually necessary.
MT @RandPaul Amen Rand! This is the right way to repeal Obamacare
Thank you for fighting this! So glad we have you in the Senate! Pay attention @SenateMajLdr and @SpeakerRyan! #FullRepeal
@realDonaldTrump Where is healthcare #acrossstatelines ???
Employer-supplied and self-purchased insurance should be taxed the same. Your insurance should not shackle you to a job.
Also, no mention of purchasing across state lines. We need competition to improve pricing and quality of service.
Romneycare. Affordable Care.
We need COSTS of prescription meds and dr and hospital costs brought down.  No insurance co can keep up with costs
House seems intentionally stuck in Obama-mode w/handling of this bill. If they want to keep their seats, they'll change mindset.
The same miserable K street lobbyists who owned Obama own the house GOP.  Trump needs to stop tweeting and go kick their asses.
It's almost like Obamacare Lite was the GOP plan all along 

Surely your colleagues would not lie to us? Surely!
Don't call me Shirley, surely.
@MsContrarianSci then should you WAIT TO COMMENT? You know, read the bill BEFORE you react? Maybe ask a few questions?
@GOP could have just fixed problems, renamed it GOPcare, and achieved bi-partisan praise, but they're hung up on Ayn Rand BS.
sounds like the rich get richer and the old and poor will die. thanks for such a GREAT replacement. your insurance needs revoked
why isn't there more transparency in this process? And in the White House? It's very concerning.
I think if Rand wants to take away power from the insurance companies, hallelujah! Next to the federal government, watch insurers!
Counting on you and a few other honorable Reps & Senators to put a stop to what ALL promised they'd stop...@GOP #tcot
Yes it dose, I'm not happy about this
yeah, the GOP has lied to us all.
REPEAL OBAMACARE! No obamacare lite
get gov OUT of healthcare. It was Hillary that started this mess back in the 90's. Show me ur med degree
don't let him take healthcare away from people
you need to make it plan and simple, we pay the bills, we demand the insurance that Congress had for them selves!!!!!
what we need is a single payer system similar to what is in Canada. Lived there for five years and had amazing coverage!
Yes REPEAL it.
Keep up the good fight! We support what you are doing!
@speakerryan because SPINELESS COWARD paul ryan wants to take credit for President Obama 's hard work by revising & stealing  #ACA
Poor Rand.  Did the republicans leave you out? They have posted this all over the place.  #readthebill Of course, nothing to read.
come on Rand. Get on board. Now u gave the dems. Obama care light talk. Nothing's free. Quit libertarian stuff
The "lite" thing is what's bad about this. Come to KY and listen to people who need the ACA. You can start with my mother.
the subsidies will only keep prices high. Pharmacies like @LagomRx are the way to go.  #walgreens is the #enron of drugstores!
@MikeAFaulkner   stop whining!
I hope you're wrong.  What is the House doing?  All talk and no action.
it's predicted millions will lose coverage. 
I think it's worse than Obamacare. I would rather see my money go to the government instead of insurance companies. Not happy.
@SpeakerRyan @POTUS @SenateMajLdr we want repeal&replace NOT Obamacare 2.0, it was a promise made to the people,we will NOT forget
How about reciprocity for anti-American collected tax penalties from the ACA? Legal does not always make a right.
we want to see what Pres Trump called for!! PERIOD. @SpeakerRyan speak to our @POTUS pls.Obama lite? no way.
now that the Rep have offered Obama lite ppl are going to go ballistic @SpeakerRyan unacceptable. speak with our @POTUS pls
i would push 4 purchase insurance across state lines.A pool  as you suggested & a carve out especially 4 VETS .talk to @POTUS pls
that's my impression.what happened to purchase insurance across state lines? Can you arrange a meeting with our @POTUS ?
.@RandPaul Apologists for #fraud Trump & @GOP liars are piling on you? These losers should get a pair  & #standwithrand #repealACA in full!!
you'll be kept waiting I think
@realDonaldTrump GOP MUST Unite & SUPPORT & stand behind @POTUS Fight against #DeMoreCraps. GOP Division by @McCain MUST STOP.
This is not how we drain the swamp.  Trump is a fraud. #repealaca
Maybe something like this:
It's literally putting lipstick on a pig. I'm disappointed in what we have seen so far.
Please keep pulling that printer around, Senator Paul. Thanks for watching out for us.
You better vote against this Obamacare 2.0. American people deserve better
Just stop. I'm sick and sad, fed up and depressed with my government trying to kill me by playing around w/ health insurance.
Obama got to mess me over once with ACA. Now he's getting to do it a 2nd time w/ Republican help.
@pressin4secessn We want to start out with full repeal
Thanks to that 30% penalty surcharge...I STILL won't be able to afford health insurance. I give up. I can't do this any more.
it looks exactly like obambacare lite,
put congress to work out this plan! Nobody read Obamacare before the roll out! Free care deletion gonna cause riots...again!
They need to keep Medicare and also give them a raise as they haven't gotten one for 2 or 3 years!!
@RedRevolutionCA Problem w U Sen. Is that u believe only ur ideas r good,this isn't about u,it's about what's best 4 US People
you'll vote for it, because you're a wuss.
Problem is people already had a taste. Now it can never go away. Dems passed bad Bill on purpose. Can't repeal. Must fix.
lol
. @RandPaul @const_liberty1
and you wonder why you will never be president. Nothing is ever good enough for is it? Working across the isle is what we expect.
We need to consider entrepreneurs in our new health care reform.
we need to get all of you politicians working together and not holding this up. Get it done but do it right. August is good goal
except more costly to those most vulnerable, elderly and poor
You publicly stated #ACA is no good & want to repeal & not replace the measures that keep 22M citizens insured. Eat Sh*t & die #KY
please do not let them pass Obamacare lite. please we didn't vote for the republicans to do a cleaned up version.
Not Obamacare lite, more like Obamacare 2.0 on speed.
that's horrible! NOT what the masses voted for! America is smelling kickbacks! Repeal the entire Mess before it's too late!
What happened to your plan? I was looking forward to seeing your ideas.
WRONG! Looks like @GOP screwing Average Americans AGAIN! #YourLastTerm
what would your plan look like?
DEMAND OBAMANATION DOESN'T CARE TO BE REPLACED AND REPEALED IMMEDIATELY!!! LET U.S. PROTECT THE BABIES IN THE WOMB!!! GOD BLESSU!
I READ IT!
It's #ObamacareRedux
MANDATE & ABORTION!
Still EXEMPTS Congress

+

If not good enough 4 U
WE DONT WANT IT!!!
@RandPaul @TedCruz
wrong team donkey
Stop any fake "Obamacare" lite bills. Must be a full repeal and then some!
We need to keep what works and make improvements to what doesn't.  We can't afford to start from scratch.
@HENSONmike yep started reading and it begins with "AMENDMENT"
@HENSONmike is this the best they can do with reconciliation?
There's no Competition across State lines I know that much. So that's. A deal breaker..
You need to learn compromise sir. Keep the country moving forward. No more standing still.
from a man who quit delivering care to one wanting to profit from suffering did not take long u to fit in GOP death squads
The replacement bill is  online Rand.
Mr Paul, if it wasn't for your dad no one would know who you are. Fact.
Stop this Paul Ryan scam!
millions of seniors living in public housing can't afford private assisted and end of life care.  What's their options?  Thx
it sure sounds that way
@Morning_Joe Hey Rand, welcome to our world.
Thank you Senator for pushing back on this O'care lite bill.
God don't you have a life or anything else to talk about?
we need to replace it with a bunch of rules that repeal old ones that made insurance expensive to begin with. That's it.
Look nobody wants to hear that crap. You are either part of the solution or get voted out. Quit whining
Rand get of your butt and get on the Trump train and something good for a change !
This won't work. #FullRepeal ONLY! That is what we voted for on November 8th.
Relax! You will be voted out of office if you don't support this president.
w/o the mandate, forcing Insurers to cover pre-existing conditions is forcing them into bankruptcy. this is not a credible system
.@RandPaul seems you are correct, sir.  #Obamacare
anything is a step in the right direction why make drama?
If it is, please do your best not to ram this down our throat! I believe you have the right approach.
Thank You for fighting for America  
@POTUS 
@SpeakerRyan 
Hope this isn't a lite version 
no more mandate.But poor ppl have to pay more than everyone else if they go without for 63+ days. 30% surcharge a gift to insurers
Don't blow it with your ego.  Repubs finally have a chance to govern.  Did it for the people!
rip it to shreds. 
agree get gov out of it but cover preexisting after a period of time maybe. defund planparenthood
They have a more expensive mandate?  Are you kidding me??!!
Maybe the RINOS want to pass it for everyone else to find out what's in it.  :(
http://energycommerce.house.gov/sites/republicans.energycommerce.house.gov/files/documents/AmericanHealthCareAct.pdf …

https://waysandmeans.house.gov/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/AmericanHealthCareAct_WM.pdf …
Work as a team to fix what you don't like. Criticism is useless! Roll up your sleeves #MAGA
This must be ur thought process: "You know this bill only f's over half the country.What about the other half? We can do "better!"
maybe so senator. But if nothing gets passed quickly, GOP will suffer irreparable damage. Maybe we can't have it all! Unify party
Keep fighting for us, please. Obamacare Lite is not acceptable!
Absolutely.  Still a continuation of an entitlement OCare granted 7 years ago.  This must be opposed.
