GOP hasn't come up with a plan in 7yrs what's going to happen in 2?
Better question is why do they have to?  Answer:  Because the Democrat s shoved this shit plan down America's throat.....
Shit plan came from the heritage foundation a GOP group, if it's shit next GOP idea will be worse
They had 7 years to think about it no to 2 years to fix it - we want it fixed now!
If it is repealed the rates and deductibles should return to pre-ACA. Or... the insurance companies are gaming the American People
Tough to take health care system advice from somebody that doesn't believe that it's a human right.
Its not a right any more than having shoes is a right but I still want poor kids to have healthcare just like I want poor kids to have shoes
Not a civil right that you find in the Constitution but a human right that one needs to live in the modern world.
You don't have the right to another person's labor. You are so greedy to think otherwise.
Precisely why pursuit of happiness is a right but healthcare is not. Cannot have a right to something that must be produced by someone else
You have a right to use a road that somebody else built.  With taxes from the community.
Roads should be funded by tolls. Why should someone in NYC be taxed for roads he doesn't use, basically subsidize big trucking companies.
The country's interstate highway system would not have been possible under this philosophy.
Bring it to the floor
You all ran on a repeal, we voted. Your there because of that , please do something.
@Heritage  has been advocating that solution all along. 
#FullRepeal clears the decks of much under-the-table garbage
How will a repeal help me???  Remember I am a type 1 diabetic.  I have a job and I pay too much for healthcare already.
Allowing privatized healthcare means companies will compete which will lead to lower costs & higher quality, but most idiots want socialised
that is what they said about electric and cable bills, Didn't Happen. Why not change laws on patents?  Or laws on generic scripts?
INNOVATIVE THINKING
Thank you! I am sure @RandPaul can help us get right thing get done! Policies make the changes not a broken two party system!
So, you support killing hundreds of thousands of Americans. Good to know  https://twitter.com/repjoekennedy/status/888064849468686337 … #BRCA #TrumpCare
32 million. That means 1 out of every 10 men, women and children in this country will lose their health care. #TrumpCare https://twitter.com/theplumlinegs/status/887784885934579713 …
I like what you're doing Senator Rand Paul but you need to work and being a little too.
Two years should be shortened to avoid "entitlement creep."
REALLY!!   YOU HAD 7 YEARS ALREADY! YOU DIDN'T, DON'T AND WON'T COME UP WITH ONE #PERIOD
Two years is too long, things shouldn't take that long
disengenous hack
Reform requires momentum. It starts w/small steps. Ideological purity i.e. "No vote" stifles @POTUS's momentum.  Disappointed fan/follower.
@RandPaul , Please stand strong on this Health Care Issue...The working people of America NEED you..Thanks.!!!
You couldn't do it in 7 years , how do we trust you will in 2?
WHY is this so HARD? Get C-SPAN to record the discussion. Show the inserts argued. I wanna know. It makes no sense from here.
Cowards! You've had 8 years already!
A two year window simply means politicians will start debating about 23 months into it.  Be Americans for America. FIX IT!!!
Yes do what u guys told us u were gonna do!!! REPEAL IT NOW...
The TRUTH is, the REPEAL is all they've ever wanted! They have no real plans to replace it with anything! #bipolarPOTUS
Yeah, but you dipshits didn't get anything done the last 6 months (with 3 branches controlled) so why would we trust you the next 2 years?
Your obstructionism will end up causing republicans to lose seats -- will your stance be worth the cost of democrats back in power?
Except you've had 7 yrs already to come up with something better and you've failed. Why should we believe the @GOP?
Punitive damages 4 drug industry.  Their obscene sales fueled epidemic.  They never blew the whistle even tho they were aware.  200B, punish
Drug co. money is running this country.  Punish drug industry for selling enough dope 2 medicate every American for 3wks, 24 hours a day?
Repeal, replace later.  Never subsidize ins co's.   Punish drug industry 4 allowing epidemic. They knew it from obscene sales cost 2 HC 45B
How about you just remove the "required to buy this shit" clause, and let current care fail.
Doesn't a repeal require 60 votes in the Senate?
And what happens to people who's only lifeline is the ACA during those 2 yrs if it's simply repealed?
Finally, they realize they can't polish a turd. Get rid of it. Government should not be in health care at all.
Fuck the poor!
Then why didn't you lead with that? (and FWIW, you've had 8 years to come up with a plan/replacement, not sure 2 more is going to help much)
You know what fixes our system? Send incumbents home, that's what. Vote NO to proceed.
So, by your rough estimate, how many people will die during that 2-year period they have no access to #Healthcare?
#RamdDeathPanels
#RootAndBranch 
#RootAndBranch 
#RootAndBranch
Who are all these repeal and dont replace folks? Likely folks who are well insured I suspect.
Except we all know that at the end of 2 years, there will still be no replacement & millions will be left w/o healthcare insurance.
no gaps in coverage, no people made to suffer and no change without an acceptable plan!
Get with the program senator - we've had enough of Obama-care - its why we voted in you Republicans - now do your job!!!
#NoRepeal #FixACA
Because 7 years just wasn't enough time...
You clowns had 7 years to come up with a solution. This is your genius plan?
Clean repeal and tax credits for people who "willingly" purchase insurance and have low income could be a good start.
I support you 100% and 2024 if you run. Don't back down.
So would you point to the sequester as a successful tactic? Even heading for a cliff, politicians will not act.
2 yrs to come up with another bad plan that won't pass? The underlying problem is the high cost of medical care, pharma, etc., not insurance
Sen Paul, stick to your guns!!! REPEAL OBUMMERCARE! Period!!!
So the GOP can tell us 2 years from now you can't get it done? Do your job please- Now!
The CBO score just came out for your Repeal Only plan:
-32 million lose coverage 
-premiums will double
-Hilarious
Why don't you fix it now what the problem free markets pretty simple to me
So what happens to everyone who is happy ACA? Especially those who were unable to get health insurance before. Sounds mean to me.
Another liar and a RINO! I hope he loses the next election!
BS! 2 years! Your must be outta your mind.
I don't understand it why can't we go back to people picking their own insurance companies?
I agree rosscmary. ACA has been a nightmare for my family. We had affordable healthcare b4 ACA. They loaded ACA w/so much unnecessary fluff
GET IT DONE!
Politicians want a cut of every health care $$ spent for selves/donors.. This corrupting of healthcare by @GOP will cause grave harm
WTvr .. you're not helping at all .. you're just 'No No No' ... it's your way or nothing ..reedic
The GOP republicans tried repeatedly to pass legislation to repeal & replace. Now that it can happen they do NOTHING but fight like children
8 long years and your empty handed &have no real legislation to put on our presidents deck,who's really falling here.Who is baring the cost
By only caring about your self &your state,what about everyone else in this country,who's suffering with this nightmare your refusing to fix
FREE OUR  MARKETS!

Let our Markets GO!

BONUSES to the Most EFFICIENT
Seems to me your the one blocking the repeal and replace of Obamacare, there for hurting the American people, your job is one the line 
If the Repeal of Obama care doesn't transpire, you are arguably the one most responsible .
But...you're white.
Two questions. So when do your rich friends get their millions in tax benefits Rand?  How do poor Kentuckians vote for you?
I like Dr Rand!
Repeal and free market
FULL repeal and replace, not with liberal, RINO, and big gov't, but FREE MARKET and competition and capitalism.  Please.
Losers.  Do it.
Repeal. "Give us the purse strings we will repeal." Done. "now give us the senate we will repeal" done. "Need the White House" Done Repeal!!
In two years, the Democrats will have control of everything again and then back to Finger Pointing Mode for the @GOP
Donor class don't care
You should give your healthcare coverage a two year window while you fix our broken system.  Something tells me it's not going to happen.
You must leave some protections in place- existing, youths to 26. Help citizens. These are not handouts, but govt regulating commerce.
Be sure that YOU use the broken system otherwise why should you care?
Free market Wild West. ZERO regs. The best healthcare services & insurance WILL prosper. That's what competition does. #DayDreaming
Compitition is what makes a healthy world for us all....
ALLOW ALL AMERICANS  ACCESS TO BUY THE SAME HEALTHCARE PACKAGES THAT STATE, FEDERAL & COUNTY EMPLOYEES ARE OFFERED. EXPAND THAT UMBRELLA!
What makes u think RINO's are going to vote "yes" on any of the good stuff in the next 2 years? We may not even have majority after '18

K Street won't allow it
Please please do not repeal without a replacement.
Agree!! Now let's get it done 
But its been 7 years & it couldn't get done.
Fine, when are you going to get it done. Please give us results. Enough talk.
2 years is bullshit join the real world
Sorry. TWO YEARS IS TOO LONG! We've already been suffering for 8. Now it's going to be 10? REALLY? Walk in our shoes. @POTUS #MAGA @GOP
What is the point of repealing if you don't have a replacement?  None in @GOP is able to pull it across in 2 years.  You know this.
You NEED to start listening to @Potus more. If you clowns can't REPLACE after past 7 YRS you won't be useful 2 yrs from now either.
NO - it's NOT better & 2 yrs to implement is more kicking can down the road. Trump ran on #RepealAndReplace. THIS is what nation voted for.
This is what we need @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr @POTUS
No one listens to you because you are a whackadoo and an embarrassment to the citizens of Kentucky.
we can't have the Establishment railroad the patient/doctor relationship that the ACA has done.
Then why don't you just take the two years to fix it?  Why throw all of us (not congress) off insurance just because it's a talking point?
Leave my healthcare alone....I like it the way it is
How about being a team player. Voters getting tired of your objections. Get something done!
No senator! Unity with your fellow Republicans is better not just having your own stubborn way
No bailouts.
ACA’s exchanges = plan from conservative think tanks. Is a free market compromise (vs. single payer favored by growing % of Americans).
GOP must admit their opposition is political opportunism, w/o thoughtful alternative plan with the best interests of Americans in mind
ACA exchanges would function much better if GOP had not deliberately undermined and intentially seeded uncertainty
u cant get votes for clean repeal...why are u continuing to filibuster for this no win deal....find a plan that u can get passed on hcare.
Republicans promised to repeal Obamacare. Repeal it now!
#FixACA
if we get the repeal it will be thanks to you senator. Thank you for staying strong. Restore liberty
Then repeal it!  Quit talking about it! Damn!  Do your job!
Then please get on board.
right onnnnn
Yes finally, just repeal it!
Congrats,you gave the dems all they wanted. your "version" of healthcare won't pass so you screwed all of us.  Dems win in 2018,then what ??
You are lying, 7 yrs wasn't enough ? This craven charade of a bill , a tax cut for the rich. Cancer survivors are forced to live in terror.
You've already had 7 years.   This is crazy
Let see it happen and forget all the chatter about how good, how easy etc. do something!!!
Because the last 4 years or so have worked out well in providing an alternative?  give me a break
#StandWithRand
Blowing hot air Senator? Running for office already looking for attention! Right when I start to trust you, you pull this bs.
Then get your ass in their in make something happen I am sick of you people just running your damn mouths, GET IT DONE!!!!
Get out of the way
You guys can't work a a unit... you should as the Democratic how it's done!
FULLY repeal this monstrosity! No bailouts 4the insurance companies. Once it's repealed, STAY THE HELL OUT OF IT & let the free market work!
Face it. #Repeal has already failed - you don't have 60 votes.
You turkeys wouldn't be able to agree on anything if we gave you 10 years! Susan Collins: 100 years. Susie NO!
If you guys don't have a replace after 7 years what makes you think you can do it in 2????
REPEAL OBAMACARE, and put @krauthammer in charge of implementing his ideas on fixing our broken health care system.
So what's your replacement plan every gets to die
History tells us that the republicans can't draw up a health care bill. Maybe it's time to reach across the aisle and work TOGETHER
I think no plan is better than a bad plan..it actually might be the solution to the problem
What happens to those of us who rely on it at this point?
deduction for healthcare like businesses get. not that over 2% of income bs.
and whatever you pass healthcare...."you" and all government officials have to utilize
no 2 year window....repeal that nightmare!!!
Go ahead,  Dems will be in charge in 2018 anyway.
 Repeal Obamacare
Obamacare Unaffordable Unsupportable 

Ophthalmologist Healthcare Plan Affordable
Like "dick"tators, these RICHwhiteBASTARDS don't ask ALL AMERICANS what they want! RACISTS just want tho shove shit down our throats!
If it's so good then why isn't anyone else behind you?
I agree completely with Paul, ocare needs to be repealed in full before trying anything new. ocare was forced upon us with back room deals.
Need a clean repeal vote now. We want everyone on record
Amen @RandPaul
If it tears the house up, inside out, upsidedown to clean it up, then do it, for it can't get any worse than what it's headed for now. Kat
Would you please stop it. The American people don't want repeal. Work on the existing and stop wasting tax payer monies. You work for us
Just get something done...
8 years wasn't long enough to figure it out. Why would we think another 2 would be?
What does 2 years without health care mean? Congress needs to commit to no health insurance for 2 years as a test! You are just so blase!
Compromise and get a bill on the floor to discuss!
Dear Senator, in military not all is COTS as wars depend on winning.  In health disaster may strike life, Insurances must have this fund.
It's time for single-payer. Both parties have shown the free market and affordable health-care are mutually exclusive.
Why in the hell do you need 2 more years? YOU'VE ALREADY HAD 7! REPEAL, AND GET A NEW PLAN IN PLACE IN 6 MONTHS!
dear Senator, you worried about fund for the insurance companies but it exists for a reason.  Health is critical. For example as is defense.
Are you ready to offer an amendment to allow purchase of health insurance across state lines?
Kentucky gets a double whammy of loser politicians.... Paul and McConnell.  Poor state ...
Why in the hell is TWO YEARS needed?
 .@GOP has been pretending to care about & campaigning off of repeal for 7 1/2 years.
Sounds like a plan
Another two years? What were you doing for the last 7? The only roadblock is the R party, they have 52 votes between them and can't agree
Political crock of shit.  Let's vote today to have something done later......  For EIGHT years Republicans complained and yet had no plan!
How many people will die from your appeal and replacement after the huge tax breaks remember the voters are watching and will decide in 2020
If not then compromise on something to get the process started.
Clean repeal is what we have been voting for the past 8 years. You need to be the Sen Maj Leader. McConnell is incapable of getting it done.
The broken system is the fake guy sitting in the White House. I pray you all get what you didn't want, because we did.
Yeah, far better to cause utter chaos due to utter unpredictability in the health care system. Overpowering ideology destroys reason.
It is not "clean repeal", it is a"dirty" repeal,causing 32 million to lose health access, insurers can sell junk" insurance(poor benefits)!
Get it done 
And ur not listening when they say they can't actually support it when it affects those they represent & won't be vetoed
Fix it first.
Just propose something yourself that is better than all other plans. Think about the future and not reelection

How Many Senators have investments in Healthcare?
All those who don't want Obamacare as their insurance. Buy AND pay for other insurance, if you want it. OR pay your Medical bills
You do not, cannot govern so instead just send the market into chaos. Great plan Rand. You are the def of term limits #freekentucky
Wonderful Senator Rand Paul you always do the right thing
Well, let's be honest you had an 8 year window, delaying for 2 will just create an election talking point for you all.
I want the govt out of our healthcare, period. Keep your medicaid but get out of my personal life.
You have the courage to meet with donors a business but refuse to meet with average citizens #doyourjob! #bananarepublicans #Kleptocracy
It defunded, not repealed regs.
