But you're ok with taking aware healthcare from the poor and sick
You do understand there is a replace part for that healthcare system and the repeal effect wouldn't be immediate
You don't understand that the CBO- an independent body- says an additional 24 million people would lose healthcare 51 million total
How many people were going to lose their health insurance when all of the insurers pull out of obamacare?
Should we fix it or just start over? The reason the insurers are leaving is because the GOP is withholding payments to the co-ops. #SABOTAGE
I wouldnt doubt what your saying about the republicans but the regulations emposed by the bill up costs and people are not buying in either.
Costs are controlled in the current system by the law of large numbers- pools are created to create large numbers - when people leave
Like when we gave weapons to the freedom fighters "Taliban" to fight off Russia? Seemed like a good idea at the time 
Why, you know it will!
Where The HELL were you ' rand Paul !!!
When Obama was in charge !!! Who's side are you on !!; You better watch #Ourpresident  People!
You Keep undermining OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP !!!  Ain't gonna happen !!
We're watching All !!
So you are also complicit in killing of children and civilians. Good to know
Why are the TAXPAYERS IN USA .. paying to giving arms to the Saudis?? So Ivankia  Trump can get millions for her foundation??
END THIS!!
Google the word "sale." Maybe you'll get it
@quantalooped we shouldn't sell arms to an oppressive regime like Saudi Arabia ever.  #bloodmoney
Where do you think ISIS is getting arms?

Saudi Arabia  should be prosecuted for war crimes in Yemen
Thats what Canadas liberals said; Until they got in power.
So, the fact that some are trying to make protesting criminal here in the US is ok?
BUT.....
We have no problem buying their oil....
soo..
yeah...
Let's not forget they don't let women drive.
They don't even have movie theaters because they believe it's against religion (I can't explain how so)
il senatore Paul ha ragione!
Let's not sell trucks to France or Sweden either?
But the US has been supporting ISIS
You are Disgusting and blackmailing people but didn't help Yemen with a single dime,@KSRelief_EN gave millions of food and drugs.
The victory of @realDonaldTrump has been a blessing for America - and given opportunity for us to see how great (future PotUS) @RandPaul is!
You should not give US police guns #Black lives matter.
The criminals will always have weapons so every American needs to bear arms. You are not going to talk a killer out of killing you.
Senator I don't agree with you on many things but thank you for supporting & pushing to NOT sell arms to Saudi Arabia. I support your vote.
Ditto
yeah you will rail against it, but will you withhold your vote on other things to prevent it? You literally have the power to demand it stop
I 2nd diz! 
Or at least only sell them arms that just shoot those 'bang' signs. 
You're one of the few people left we can reply on for consistency in principle and your word.  The people of KY are fortunate.
"Might " is a big word. It might also allow Saudi Arabia to protect themselves and rely less on US
At least someone is fighting.
And the spread of their vile form religion into wider society needs to be stopped.
the Saudi should adhere to Democratic values 
they chop of the heads of protesters what a country 
no different from isis
A noble stand Senator, except that your colleagues are all owned by ZOG. Whatever serves ZOG--Americans in body bags. Next stop: Iran!
Agree. And we definitely shouldn't sell them to Eric Holder either.
I hope u'll stand up this same way for the christians in nigeria that US shld not sell weapons to @MBuhari who is good in killing #biafrans
For once a agree with you
Why is there no one present at Rand talk?.  Disrespect?
@tarah_dactyl_ and if they setup an oil embargo tp the US over this what will you recommend then?
we have oil here, no?
yes we do but an embargo would still hurt us as we need more time to build the facilities up here
true. hadn't thought about that.
The trump regime just dropped white phosphorus on Syria, like Israel did on gaza in 2009. An unconstitutional war crime. No outrage, fraud?
I agree, right now we don't really know who to trust in the middle east. We shouldn't be arming anyone, rebel groups or nations.
@tempteststorm2 You are wasting time. We need healthcare, tax cuts, jobs
But we all approve of sending guns across the border to be used on our federal agents, right? #ThanksObama
Why does the place look empty?
don't sell them any arms criminal king genocide in children
"It might"?...American congressmen openly support ISIS as a way to defeat hezbollah, and " save the American interests" in Middle East.
I don't often agree with you, Senator Paul, but I think you make excellent points and @SenateMajLdr and Senate will block arms deal.
U develop weapons to kill, US weapons have killed more people then any other. That has become the US legacy unfortunately
Hmm but it's ok to sell weapons to Israel? Don't see the logic??
What about arming government forces and sectarian militias which are torturing and killing Sunni civilians in Iraq

Oh my ! Now he's talking about Saudis and 9-11 Saudi Also gave a Mil to McCain Foundation
Who side are you on @RandPaul ???
This guy is all over the place..... Classic sign of a rhino trying to blend in...
I think SA can do enough harm by themselves
the Saudi fake royals are Rothchilds puppets with no honor morals or integrity. Give them death sentences not weapons.
How about you focus on increases of terrorist here such as Linda Sarsour's and the protests here
this man ,he has % the potencial and qualifications 2 be our next POTUS , amo a este man
We punish protesters here....
Didn't hear your mouth Paul when Obama and Hillary sold guns to Lybia, therefore creating ISIS. But now you speak? OMG
I agree
Rand would have been a better president than Trump but of course, he as his father who also would have been better, has no resources...
That, and the media won't give him the time of day. They aired Trump for ratings and Hillary because they wanted her to win.
SAD If we fail to Act against Atrocity by the wicked Radicals hiding behind mask showing picture of a child which is victim of HUMAN RIGHTS!
Rand relax take a chill pill.
Why not ? Better they kill each other than our boys dying
That's like saying we shouldn't let GM sell cars because they might get stolen and used to run people over.
Right on health got to get premiums lower insurors got to lower profits.but wrong on arms sales.
Yemen president Hadi is in Saudi , picture is from houthi rebels siege on Taiz city, you can not be a senator and mislead people  like that
saudi arabia is a necessary evil in the world, they provide valuable intelligence in the region that keeps us safe
#Truth
We are selling them tanks and jets you kook. 

How many jets have the Saudis sent ISIS?

Btw, Saudi army =/= Saudi spooks.
$500 millions deal out of 110 billions.  What is the rest ? What about the rest ?
the rest of the deal has not been officially reported to Congress so they can't oppose it w/ legislation until notification
it's been reported that most of the rest of the deal with Saudi is not finalized yet; more of Trump's exaggeration & lies
OK. .. thank you !
Picture is from Taiz city besieged by houthi rebels in Yemen which Saudi are fighting them.
Picture is from Houthi sizege and bombardment of T'aiz don't believe him he is misleading US public and policy.
Keep up the fight, Mr. Paul.
You punish black protestors with bullets and ram cars to into them .
b/c they pay billions !
You didn't pay Yemen one dollar or hire millions of Yemeni like Saudi do and aid  , you are using them for your agenda .
Would this be discrimination against Muslims? If the travel ban is, then refusing to sell arms appears to be discriminating.
So many of your fellow politicians & retired military get $ from Saudi's that the truth of Saudi crimes is overlooked. End this hypocrisy
Thank you Sen Paul for the brilliant talk against the arm sale to Saudi Arabia.
Please prove that US arms from Saudi Arabia are in ISIS hands.
The Prime Minister of the UK disagrees with you. She doesn't care what they do.
It may be Saudi Arabia attack America through weapons given by America.
I agree no get turkey the hell out of NATO they have no business being there they are the new Ottoman Empire
It's nice to know we agree on a few things.
Should expose McCain, Graham and Barry for selling arms to ISIS in Syria. I agree arms deal to Saudis is bad idea and would go 2 terrorist
Rand Paul. Nation Builder: why does this smell ? Get out of Foriegn policy u and  rest of senate destabilized Middle East for last 20 yrs
You have to get right resource before  you talk
You're confusing. It's hard to tell where you stand on anything.
Only if you're thinking in the false dichotomy of left vs right. Rand's stance on liberty and non-interventionism has been consistent.
You may be right.  IMHO it seems as though he picks and chooses what is "the right thg" according to who he was golfing with that week.
Eh aslong as its small arms let the Muslims kill each other
How is a jet fighter going to end up in the hands of ISIS?
seriouslt, Do you think they are idiots? They use drones, tanks and other vehicles they stole from different enemies.
Looking The Face of everyone.
God bless you
Then why did @realDonaldTrump say they were behind 9/11 for 16 years, then sell them more weapons than anyone in history?
How might we help the Senator ? I have twittered this to @PattyMurray
Not Go Anywhere Help American citizens first not play game shame
empathy is Dem's strong suit not yours.
To late done deal
Disagree; arming the one nation who can support other anti-terror nations will help in the region; there's always bad apples of resistance.
Saudi Arabia is a fancier of terrorism throughout the Middle East
In pockets, the Sunni vs Shia provinces. Not arming those who support anti-terrorism tactics is a death wish to the global cause.
...the problem is the amendment only targets 500 million out of a 110 billion dollar deal.
Help America first No Matter what Shameful
Have you not watched faked beheading vid of Foley? I say Centrally Infamous Agency aka Obama JV team is ISIS. There ARE throat slitters, yes
Where are your democrat buddies
Tell that to #wilburRoss
Senator, well done man well done!
You all no Matter what? It is a  Shame
100% Agree Great s
...Oops Great speech Rand, we must not fool ourselves, we are in a war with Islam.  Islam is death to America--DEATH TO ISLAM. #CNNisISIS
House of Saud is number one terrorist support org in the world!
The fact that this is an issue proves that the people controlling our government are highly incompetent
And once again Rand shows he cares more about citizens of another country than his own.
hes not caring about america by refusing to support an ideology that wants america destroyed?   okay.
Our foreign policies will continue to be bad as long as our domestic policies are bad.
no doubt
I honestly don't believe there's an answer to this soon-to-be arms race.  Damned if you do.....
Good job; do more, and help #Syria. #WeLoveYouBashar
How about just bc they cant be trusted... who cares about all that other BS
#isis one of the creation of #usa and #saudiArabia authorized to do anything...
Finally a glimmer of hope?
Trump may be planning to counter-balance Iran, but is a razor's edge that cuts both ways.
@WhiteHouse Congress,Intell,WH made decision to support only Sunni wahabbi in Syria in 2011, that's the beginning of the disaster
I don't think the Senate Press Gallery Executive Committee should continue to block press access to Gateway Pundit
What do you mean "might"? Of course they will.
I agree but you also need to realize if they don't get the arms from us they will get them elsewhere. So why not atleast make money?
Here's a novel idea.  Let's not sell arms to anyone!
I like Rand a lot but he sucks at foreign policy
Thank you for your passion and vision today!
#StandWithRand
If we sell them the weapons, it will land in ISIS hands!
