People elected a Republican House and Senate to back our President. Instead, they have been stabbing him in the back!
Ryan, McConnell&other repubs are liars. You shouldn't have supported McConnell for re-election. Free markets work. They don't want to get it
A dreadfully uninformative & frankly intellectually substandard discussion-not worthy of elevating t/issue's importance w/focus on solutions
No compromise? Like your the only Senator. Just like a little kid. if you don't get your way your gonna take your ball and go home.Pathetic
You lied
Trump needs to travel to all four states that say they will vote no on a repeal. Now.
A Senator with the only objective to sabotage Mr. Trump Healthcare plan.
Paul Rand's state of Kentucky would have the second highest percentage of people becoming uninsured under BCRA (TrumpCare) than under ACA
@marthamaccallum @FoxNews @marcorubio @SenatorCruz @BillCassidy  @RandPaul Make AHC what you would want for your family
If you repeal Obamacare completely, we'll be BFFs! I don't want it replaced. We had better healthcare B4 Obamacare.
Shut your cake hole and send Trump money for 2020!
That's your Pa, right Lib?
You Republicans have had 7 years to get something done! GET IT DONE!!
I would love to debate @RandPaul, whose ridiculous ideas would melt under scrutiny. We are all in this together, not everyone for himself.
ACA is unconstitutional. Repeal. Give states back their authority. Only role of Fed's is mandate competition.
Sure love TV don't you Rand!   You didn't accomplish a damn thing other than keeping Obamacare alive.  You know repeal isn't possible.
Poor job of laying out benefits of repeal. And worse job defending reasons for replacing. Dems have made you look amateurish please step up

This is totally non sensical.
Save Donald. Proceeds from this music video go to his legal fees https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=1599009023472131&id=206609649378749 …
7 years to come up with a plan and nothing tell me why I voted the entire Ticket
Epic fail Senator Rand Paul! Holding Americans hostage.
Thank you, @RandPaul, for being a true man of character and for doing your part to repeal this disaster.
Come on @RandPaul, just like that perm you need to stop this unwavering march to try and fuck over the American people. Help fix the ACA!
So... please advise people treating cancer what to do while we wait for you to come up with a plan. Many forced to use ACA work

Heard you say you preferred your "federal" insuance plan to Obamacare that's tax payer funded and yet u want to kick ppl off theirs #Irony
Going around promising the plan will continue some of the nice "sound bite" positives of Obamacare (to pacify the mob) was a mistake.
The "something is better than nothing" idiocy from others is mind boggling. R's own mess Dems created here going forward. Must get right
Your segments on TV about repeal/replace are phenomenal and BY FAR the most informative compared to everyone. PLEASE keep doing them.
You had that chance @PaulRand and you blew it and you blew your career too! You aren't credible!
Gov't can no longer hide negative behavior @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @RandPaul -we will vote every official-regardless of party out
100% of nothing .....
Is still nothing
You should have had that done 6 months ago you're full of it you're all are done time for new senators in the United States
It's time to get off soap box and move this along - vote for version 2 of Senate repeal & replace bill! Now, this needs to get done!
Yup, Fox News, a "FAIR & BALANCED" venue...LMFAO. 
@RandPaul don't know what you & other 3 stooges are thinking.  Good job tarnishing the respectability & credibility of the GOP. #noforesight
In listening to Rand Paul on Martha's show, I completely agree with him. He is right! We need to completely REPEAL Obamacare!! 
You have failed your constituents!
Thanks Senator.  Another day has passed and we still have OCare and somehow you don't see yourself as part of the problem.   Thanks
gop failure on hcare....your defeated by dems who have control of the issue....gop unable to govern on hcare, only able to grandstanding.
Does it air after @hardball @allinwithchris @maddow @TheLastWord and @11thHour ?
I understand your points but you need to do more instead of being a blocker! Lead or get out of the way!
The only reason to repeal now is because of your voters. Be smart, your voters don't  want their health care taken away
You really do because those of us that are draining money away from you rich ppl (the poor, disabled, elderly, vets) need to be gone....
we are such a bother to you when you are chauffeured down a street & have to see us.  Just cut off hc, medicaid, ss & we will be gone.
#Repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
He's only been in 6 months. What a jerk.
Republicans proving all politicians are AHOLES.
Thank you Rand! Obama Care needs to be finished! Health Care needs to be privatized and not controlled by government. Thanks, again
GOP talks the talk, but can't walk the walk. Shame on you all.
He wants it his way or no way and that is selfish
Really unhappy you hold up America like you are the president we did not vote for you only people in your state did
How many votes do you have? Republicans produce zero "all talk no action". Just more big government, spend, bribe, buy votes!
Amen! Then kick the insurance lobbyist out of the health care equation. No subsidees to enrich those crooks! No ne entitlements period!
Compromise and negotiating. There is not a perfect Bill. No excuse for not voting yes.
Sen. Paul, In my opinion, is the most least corrupt politician in DC. I just do not see him compromising his priniciples. #randpaultrueblue
Make reluctant Republican Senators own their vote, if against repealing Obamacare. Make their name known so they can pack their bags.
Your a lier and a traitor to your party!
Agree 100% @mitchellvii @RandPaul Don't even have votes to #Repeal All he does #Talk runs interference  #Worthless https://twitter.com/mitchellvii/status/887435440059502593 …
WTF? Is Rand Paul living in his own corrupt little world? He acted like he is NOT the cause of derailing Repub efforts to repeal & replace!
Okay then push hard for a total repeal -- it is expected
Please repeal ocare it's destroying American taxpayers, patients, caregivers and small businesses
Bla bla bla. You are a true politician and not in a good way Repeal & replace Rand Paul!
Rand Paul you sir are not going to do anything good for America all you do is talk a good story every time you are put to the test you fail
#RepealOcare  GOP = 8 yrs for alternative = ZERO results #FireGOP Not on Trump, this is on Congress! Congress exempted themselves from Ocare
It ain't going to happen Mr Libertarian. Go back to reading your Ayn Rand books about all the moochers
Big fan of yours but u guys are blowing in the wind after 2 losing scenarios Let it fail then have a bipartisan plan sadly where we are now
YOU are a LIAR. That's it. Excuses and political BS talk is all you do and all you know. Look in the mirror, that's one of Congress problems
What are shooting for? Minority leader?
Mr Paul, keep voting for repeal don't give in.  That is what we voted for. Start new
@RandPaul I don't want to hear anymore @GOP Senators. They lie! They promise and never deliver. Hate to say it but Dems do deliver promises.
We ALL want full repeal, but we SHOULD be able to COMPROMISE! Now, instead of mostly repealed..we have FULL FAILURE! YOU ALL PROMISED!
You need to REALIZE-REAL PEOPLE ARE HURTING! Not your principles, not YOUR families--REGULAR AMERICANS! 
Can we? How? Can president do executive order - 
You were wrong, you will regret you opposition
So disappointed with the dysfunctional Republicans unable to repeal and replace Obama care, so so disappointed
Yes you cold hearted human being. Repeal ObamaCare and let children get sick and maybe die. Blood on GOP hands.
You created all this mess and now without solution!
Great job Mr Paul push on for full repeal!
Rand you are going to lose so many votes.I will help see to that you are not the president for a reason. I'm embarrassed for you and the GOP
Hope that she Grills you about being yet another Sell-Out Rino!!!
True That!
Unfortunately
Greta or Reagan would do
Look at the 10yr treasury.Poor vote of confidence in your ability to get anything positive done for the economy.  People hurt & u play games
Repeal without replace is a dereliction of duty to your constituents that sent you to Congress. It also puts millions in jeopardy
Senator, who writes the bills, SPECIFICALLY. Who types it? What are their names? How do they know what to write? #DrainTheSwamp
Who's accountable for writing horrible legislation? Congressional aides? A lobbying group? WHO? #DrainTheSwamp
Please, just say HC not a right & gov't has no biz being involved in any way.
just more talk? where's the action? what is needed to repeal it?..GET STARTED
Shameful that you could not support our president and the people who elected republicans.
Think about it...... #FullRepeal
Thank you so much for your courage, your honesty, and your principles! You and your Father are AWESOME! @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity
Looking forward to hearing why you voted to effectively keep Obamacare.
You aren't doing what the people asked you to do
All I hear is blah, blah, blah. Not enough votes for repeal.
Idiot !
Stay focused on REPEAL! It's what America voted for!!!
Give it up rand. You already blocked it twice
What good is a health care bill if there's no money for it? You can't continue to spend money you don't have, and yes it is about the money!
bet it wont take long or b hard to vote on ur raises, will it
You are right, that's why we worked so hard to get all 3 branches....they're  blowing it..FULL REPEAL
Your constitutes will be getting rid of your ass as well
Really like you and now, not-so-much. What's your game ? Obviously, not compromise .
Senator, thank you for sticking up for We The People.Tell the Senate that we're watching that repeal vote. We will be taking note who lied
Why For the tax cut for the rich
The new GOP bill kept the high taxes on the rich
Very disappointing. Missed opportunity.
Why do you continue to pursue this fantasy that would deprive over 30 million Americans of affordable health care? -- DOA, even on FoxNews!
You're a fraud!  YOU KNOW a Full Repeal will take 60 votes!  GOP shd withhold campaign funds to any pol that negates Trumps agenda.
YOU'RE ONE OF THE BIGGEST REASONS THIS IS NOT GETTING DONE!
Too bad you do not understand collegial process and that incremental success wins as do the Dems.
Hey Rand my income is 15k.. w/out Obamacare my insurance will be 8K! Can I get a 150% tax cut?

I hope you all can work things out but not everyone will like whatever you do.  How bout using the nuclear option 2 pass full repeal
Because 2018 right around corner
Obamacare is a system designed to fail, the longer it runs the more money it bleeds, and the American people become weaker because of it
I see a bunch of total morons making comments. Let the thing go into the ground, let the democrats and Obama go down with it.
Nice job A-hole.
Talk to your WV buddy whose state went for Trump by 40%, why she is a NO!
Good luck with that, you guys can't get crap passed. Enjoy your tax payer benefits till we vote you all out office
Dude you already failed to get the votes to repeal and killed the other bill. You saved Obamacare
Single payer is next Rand. Thx
FAILURE to replace directly after repealing only hurts average Americans. Time for elected officials to have to use OCare. @realDonaldTrump
Good job Mr. No. We are now stuck with ACA. Yeah
Sorry to Martha I will have to change the channel when it comes on thanks for the heads up
You should SWALLOW your pride and go with the president
Senator -Can the Senate now work on getting the FBI director, and all the other appointees approved -while we wait for a repeal vote?

If something doesn't happen the PEOPLE COULD SUE congress!
#FullRepealOfObamaCare
You really do need to get your act together.What happened today was cruel & uncaring-poor & selfish judgement Voters sad;watching closely 
You're the strong the GOP including senator Paul or trying to help the people like Matt who are hurt by this garbage thrown is Obamacare
Are you going to go on and on about nonsense. Listen you could have been fixing this Heath Care mess instead of complain about it.#GOPFraud
No thanks. Do your job and work with democrats.
The dumbassocrats caused all this, and they refuse to work with Paul.
You and McConnell have totally screwed the pooch.
Not a chance. Don't watch FOX EVER!!!!!!!!
We are complete fools for a nation if we don't ban together and #Fight4Medicare4All Drop the labels & ban together do whats right 4 a change
Are you paying for it? Cuz neither I nor the government can afford it. This is what happens when you surrender your life to government.
It's a FemaleRobot ISIS class w Penis Pod?Watch Few episodes in;Villain name sounds like rand paul? https://www.watchcartoononline.io/playlist-cat/zone-of-the-enders … Flexibility Rand
Way to work with your party. We did our part, donated money, went to rally's and voted. Now do your job.
He is
Is him part of the secret Swamp?
No he wants to repeal obamacare
Yea right. He could have today!
He could have repealed obamacare all by himself today? Ok...
You lied to the people who voted you in No excuse will ever be good enough No Dem will vote for you No Rep will vote for you It's over Bye
He will be relaxed it next time he's up as he does what he says he's going to do unlike most of them.
For the people that can’t recall time before 2010, could you explain how repeal won’t lead to the apocalypse?
Sen. Paul; now is your chance to save the day. No more talk needed. Just DO IT!
Repeal it then pass "buy across state lines" to make one American market for health care.  Competition!   #DysfunctionalDC
You think we had the "free market" before Obamacare? Give me a break. The system itself is & was a big giveaway to pharma & insurance cos.
Thank you for your commitment to "we the people" . Nothing less than complete repeal
Cut taxes by enough to increase the size of the economy by 1/6th then can sacrifice the healthcare 1/6th of economy to government bureaus. 


I am a KY Republican and I want some answers from you about why you did not vote for repeal, I am disappointed in you.



I won't be tuning in. Heard enough of your bull.


#StandWithRand

Not workable!
Maybe it's time to spend less time grandstanding for the TV cameras and get to work on fixing the ACA?
There is no fixing the ACA.
Good luck with that!
I would like to see the nuclear option and finally shut up Chuck who is going to obstruct the GOP at every turn.
Explain single payer and how it covers more and cost less. Stop calling a Tax cut for the rich a healthcare plan. Name an improvement.
Whos gonna pay for it?
Agree repeal obamacare 100%.
Sorry. Already don't have enough votes. Repeal is dead along with replace. Smh. Those damn republicans. Lol.
Well something needs to be done, before nobody has healthcare thanks to this asinine Obamacare crap
Yes. I agree. As everyone has stated. Fix it and make it better.

It's over Sen. Paul. Let it go.
No its not, it going to be curtains if they don't fix this stupid mess the democrats created.
You lost, and unless the #GOP starts working for a real healthcare solution, you will continue to lose. Repeal for tax cuts is not an option
Dear senator, 7 years you all offered lip empty lip service and excuses, no more ! On Nov 8th people spoke time for politicians to listen!
He wants to have a full repeal
You are useless
