Divide and conquer. (Like and share my post before reading)
His largest campaign funder is the health insurance co.  Wake up man, wake up
agreed!!!!
dude, his 4th largest donor is the Koch brothers, he has no problem with monopolies, he hides behind superpacs.  bernie was transparent
I watched the whole clip & made a comment before RT. I'm very grateful 4 his work to get this nightmare repealed even if it's bit by bit!
I have 2 left wing progressive senators
Me, too, and NOT happy with them!!!
We got Freaken Franken. It was a stolen election. @250 convicts voted in the '08 elect. He won by @200 votes. W/O Franken we'd have #NoACA

Boy! You must be a miserable person, to say that about someone who is happy, in their picture.
No, I am actually very happy.  It's the truth
Your ass-umptions are not truth
You took the first steps in giving a trillion dollars to the top 0.4% of America. Let's be very clear about what you voted for. Liar.
You didn't listen to him. @RandPaul does not want to bail out insurance companies.
Are you replying to me? Have you read what repealing the ACA does? The tax savings are DIRECTLY transferred to the top 0.4% of the wealthy.
Here's what repealing the ACA does.  It's from MSNBC so I'm sure it'll be chalked up as fake news....but this is ACTUALLY what repeal does.
And who prepared that chart?
Urban Brookings Tax Policy Center. Typical - focus on WHO told the story, not WHAT the story is.  FAKE NEWS for cowards who can't face truth
Here's the graph again, since you censured the first one. Don't like facts? No problem-just silence it-kinda like axing voter rolls.
I didn’t block you or your picture.
Last night when you sent me several messages they weren’t showing. Notifications were hunky.
How many Republicans that voted to repeal ObamaCare the first time have taken Insurance Lobbyist bribes not to Real it now? Expose them!
Thank you, again, Senator Paul for standing, doing what you promised. Remembering you represent conservatives regardless of party label.
Step down and let someone in who can get the job done!
If we don't abolish ACO's & theACA, u will not have any good doctors left. Disgraceful our legislatures are manipulated by lobbyists.
Thank you for sharing your statement on this video @RandPaul.
Senator, We are done trying to get what was promised. Time we get those 7 out, find new GOP blood and we give this president super majority
Do the 410k Kentuckians that are covered under Obamacare believe it is a disaster?  Better yet, have you even bothered to ask one of them?
#Obamacare is  ! I live in Kentucky & have family all thru out. We have to travel out of state or go to ER if health problems arise.
A lack of providers in KY, is not the ACA. 1 of the lrgst Ins Co in US, Anthem prvides ACA plans in KY, so coverage is there. 137 hosp in KY
Right it the peoples fault eh? #FullRepeal
Didn't say that and wouldn't say that.
No, u was trying to make it look as if I didn't know the difference to support ur hate against Repubs. I can tell u Obamacare is horrible.
Congress let Bush declare war America is on knee and invaded by illegals 9/11 was caused by Federal Budget Cuts Congress let America Fall.
Soooo, just because you feel your seat is secure and you don't have to do the will of the people.....you know God doesn't like ugly
Done with RNC if they don't save medicine from turning into a two-tired system. Republicans should be fighting to preserve capitalism .
I stop voting at Larry Flint for Ca Governor, Congress made me. No insuraqnce for I am White & English Speaking Denied Federal Help and SSI
Rand one of the most immoral Senators in congress
immoral how? Cheats on wife, hits kids, kicks puppies??
Hey senator, we are facing high premiums for lesser plans in RI! Long wait times & less choice! Who will save the middle class?!
Very very disappointed in you. Repeal Obamacare.
leaving Obc two months and getting Medicare and oh my word how stupid this process is.  Its ridiculously complicated to even get it
You sir are NOT a man of your word
any idea where you'll be working after November 2018? Winning!
Our grassroots support is for Kentuckians to keep access to healthcare!
The President still intends to Repeal and Replace, not a clean Repeal. If that happens, it'll be the same old junk as the ACA.
Go away.
You follow me. Feel free to not.
I have to see the lies for myself.
Tired of your division
HELL YEAH KILL IT
What we would like to see is a real free market health care system, with full cost and price transparency, and competition among providers!
Stop talking, and vote yes for repeal O care
Blah, blah, blah, my Overlords are pleased. Here's some more Libertarian snake oil to ease the pain of the loss of health insurance #SHAME
We already have a health insurance policy for the poor its called Medicaid smh
Thank you.  Get r done!!
As I understand it we can't get a clean repeal without Dems help is this true #60 votes
I'm 1 of the 'so caled' 23mil who will continue to purchase health ins even though the law doesn't mandate me to!
We really don't want to see a huge Bailout for Insurance Companies
How about you live on obummercare?
Here's my statement after today's vote. 7 yrs n nothing @GOP is out to get @POTUS  was elected to repeal do your jobs
Good job Senator. Thanks for the update and plane English, honest explanation. Try to get a full repeal of Obamacare when you can. #MAGA
How about being part of the solution instead of the problem. A little give and take. Stop the spoiled child routine.
Keep up the good fight! #FullRepeal No insurance bailout!
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000OO3R48/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp=1789&creative=9325&creativeASIN=B000OO3R48&linkCode=as2&tag=hollywoodkc27-20&linkId=95601c4b3afde1c5e186b029368b9574 …
Republican just need to get together,I'm afraid many does not want to give up their influence and power.
@realDonaldTrump you need to start calling these #Rhino's out by name screw your DC congress code
I have a preexisting condition and  kids I met daily. We didn't ask for that! Why we do not deserve to have medical treatment?
Hey #Rand how's your taxpayer funded lifetime #healthcare working out for you? I guess it's OK for you, but #fuck #Kentucky right? #Suckers
A man of his word!
Why is the government even involved in health insurance?
@lelliott1221 Forthcoming Statement! Thanks Sen Paul! 
Great work, I am with u all the way, u seem to be the only one with common sense
Thank you so much Senator for the simple explanation!
No, today you barely passed a bill just to talk about something that all of you know needs fixing.
Thank you Senator Paul for having the guts to stand up and do the right thing and that's to repeal Obamacare now!! wish u were my senator!
Obamacare is a complete success as it was designed to fail, be unfixable, and paralyze Congress while continuing to anger & divide America
wins squat. You think you have the ball - but you're on your own goal line and it's 4th down,  clock running out .
Republicans join with
 Senator Rand Paul for Clean Repeal 
Give Americans fair affordable healthcare
Thank you for all of your hard work @RandPaul As well as your willingness to Compromise. You r an Example for Your Fellow Senators.
Surely It's time for action.. no wonder people are sick to the back teeth of politicians and their weasel words.
Liberty can only be secured through Fascism. Temporary change is needed. Don't cuck Rand!
Those weak kneed will not be forgotten come next election cycle! However, we need the government completely out of private healthcare!
Thank you Mr Paul for standing by your/and our principles
Thank you, Clean Repeal 
Clean repeal!
The things is. You want us to pay for the low life's. No. I refuse.
NOTHING got done!!! Shut up!!!!!
U have advertisements.? Doesn't seem sincere us steel provided medical dental retirement 30 days vacation. now 35 hrwork week all u get
7 years to developer a healthplan. My Dad took care of his family steel mills provided 30 days vacation great medical benefits & retirement
Keep fighting for we the people...most aren't!
Sad thing is we pay for your great health care and you are willing to throw millions of Americans off health care. How is that right?
#IstandwithRand wish you were my Senator. Won't horrify you with my Congress reps' names. I wanted clean repeal.
THANK YOU FOR THE TEACHING VIDEO! YOU ARE BEING CRYSTAL CLEAR! FELLOW AMERICANS RETWEET THIS AND CALL THE SENATE EMPLOYEES! :)
No bail out for insurance lobby!

Thanks for all your hard work  and may there be a full repeal so the economic forces  of a free market will be allowed to work!
You got them Demoturds running....................
With all due respect sir, you have yet to propose anything that is an improvement upon the ACA.
May you reap the illness you sew.
Thank you for your strong support
Our concern is that with clean repeal we are left at the mercy of ins. Companies with no conscience.  What about pre-existing cond's?
Would like to have HSA's without a hdhp.
Thank you
Selling Americans up the river...shame on you.
Will you give up your terrific congressional healthcare in favor of what you pass in the Senate? If not, then you should resign or lose
Well done Rand.
I'm all for repeal. Let's at least get that done.
Won't happen. Need 60 votes for full repeal.
#Repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
Shame on u
At least you are representing Ky. with honesty. Just please slow down and listen. Pork is politics. Pull up a chair and choose wisely. 
Mr Paul has great ideas. What is the definition of Tyrannical?
1. Full repeal
2. Deregulate open free markets
3. Reform Medicaid
@RandPaul is the man!!!!
Don't sell out to President Chump, make your father proud
Stand your ground and totally repeal this farce of a healthcare program.
Senator Paul,  Thank you for voting be begin debate on how to improve the House Health Care Reform bill. Looking forward to see your ideas.
Thank you 
Rant an rave for the media but can't follow through. If you're scared, get a dog! #CoachFucci
Keep up the good fight Rand! Voted for your old man in '08, I'll be pulling for you in 2020!
@smerconish @washingtonpost @nytimes Skinny repeal? Put lipstick on a skinny pig and name it Paul - it's still a pig.Skinny pig? 
Thank you and keep up the good fight.  Stop the slide of the GOP towards liberalism.
Logical. Plain speech. Tea party needs to ramp up again looks like
I stand with Rand Paul -I want complete repeal. Stop the Dems from  moving towards single payer.  Complete repeal.  @senategop @SenateMajLdr
Thank you Rand! 
Bullshit. You voted to debate. You've had SIX YEARS. You don't want to get it done. None of you are equal to the task, because you serve $$$
1. Full repeal
2. Deregulate open free markets
3. Reform Medicaid
Right on right on!!
Thank you Senator Paul. Hopefully, we'll get to 60 votes for #FullRepeal once we repeal and replace those 10 Democrats in states Trump won.
Thank you, now we can purchase healthcare across state lines.
DO NOT REPEAL #ACA|#OBAMACARE|#MEDICAID in spite of ur nose. Why can't U FIX+#SaveACA? Instead, U'd rather cut 195,000 from insurance?
G F Y
I'll send you my medical bills. Thanks for lying to Americans about pre-existing conditions and "choice".
First steps @randpaul?  You guys are already 0-2
HC plan. Take gov out. Let  ppl Dr hospitals businesses, Come up w healthcare plans. And give HC stamps 2 people that cannot afford HC?
Here is a plan. The Constitution does not tell us the government is supposed to give all of us Healthcare.
thank you for giving us that information.
clean repeal.  No ins company bail out!
Unfortunately you can't put all the toothpaste back in the tube. Just repeal it and start over. Obamacare was NEVER about providing healthca
Repeal better happen. Promised over and over again. No repeal, no replace, we replace Republicans who don't keep their word!#DitchMitch2020

That's a shame that we are stuck with this piece of sh*t.
About time
Im with you. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP please vote full repeal and replace. You can do better then Ocare. Now is your time 2 shine for the people
Insurance companies profited 44 billion 1st 3 months and millions go to senators don't feed us your crap
You better get something done.
How much money did you take of the 14 million insurance companies paid to campaign donations in first 3 months this yr?
You're obstructing get it repealed that's why we voted @POTUS in and we will not be taken over by a coup
You and your father are foul and self seeking. Millions of your own countrymen may be affected by your foolish decision.  Shame on you.
#RandPaul2020
Could not give a rats left leg what you have to add to what @SenJohnMcCain speech, telling it like it is. Get #Healthcare into committees.
Thank you! Appreciate you fighting on this
Very disappointed in your vote.  I'll support your vote if you agree that you and your family have the same insurance as the rest of us.
once you put an entitlement on people, it is difficult to remove it.  It has never happened.  Just look how horrible welfare is.

Great work Senator, you take the 51 Republicans and I'll take a crack on convincing my 2 Senators @FoxNews @WalshFreedom any suggestions 
Keep trying for full repeal, otherwise I'll take the skinniest version of repeal and replace that is possible
u all should have to come work in rural American HC for a year before taking any actions like this.
u guys clearly have NO IDEA of the real HC landscape to simply repeal with no legit replacement
Way to cave and step in line with the party leadership.  So much for the brave speech.
NOT good & NOT what should be done. If GOP votes to bail out Ins co instead of what is best for the Amer people they will lose majority!
I have no respect for your vote to take away health care and giving yourself a tax break
Clean Repeal No Bailout Able-bodied Medicaid Recipients should work in order to receive benefits.
@AP @POTUS 
YOU WANT "REPEAL" ONLY. Just repeal w/o honest linear plan to fix. Stop your racist war on poor & fix 7yr itch.
Gerry Curl boy.
Senator Paul, a proud kentuckian here knowing that you are keepeing your word Wish the POTUS would listen to you and a few others
Thank you Paul for your continued effort to reduce the corruption of the ACA.  You make Kentucky proud.
Be ashamed of yourself, Rand Paul.
Repeal like Brexit.  Set the goal as full repeal, but then set a timeframe to untangle the mess that is the un-ACA.
A medical doctor trying to strip healthcare & medicaid away from millions, the irony 
Shame on you.
REPEAL with no Pork. Full shutdown. 
Then fix if needed. 
Insurance companies cross state lines
how can we believe @GOP when after 8 yrs already u can't construct/agree on replacement. This is about cutting taxes 4 wealthy ppl
TY for keeping your word of working toward #FullRepeal
You have no idea what you have done.

Thanks Senator
Also, as the bank bailouts taught us, calling our representatives is a fruitless endeavor. The only thing that talks is money and votes.
You serve at the disappointment of your constituents.
Please try to talk some sense into my Senator, Dick Durbin.
You got lied to. Cruz Amnd. is being attached.
Thanks for explanation. Not enough transparency coming from DC. Didn't know about partial repeal, yes better than nothing.@SpeakerRyan, @VP
Not interested in your statement
It's so hard to fight or a massive tax cut for yourself, and to be exempted from this bill..  How dare you disguise it as healthcare? Sick.
#GOPHypocrisy
Mr. Paul you have been so busy doing my work, I nearly forgot to deliver your 30 pieces of silver. I'm sure some benefactor will pay for me.
@POTUS #1
YOU'LL take #MEDICADE away NOW? HC ins taken away & you're vermin.
ACA isn't fixed w/no alt plan in 7yrs? Idiots, doable but...
Hypocrite! Disgrace! Phony!Shame on you! You let ky down! How many deaths will be on your conscious? #fraud #sellout #minion #LetDown #shame
Work together and make it work for us please
