tu devrais interdit la vente des arme d'assaut . et faire saisie celle qui circule dans les rue. situ veux vraiment d'un pays de paix.
Great man
Just left hospital. Rep. Steve Scalise, one of the truly great people, is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter...
Nay, he is an white supremacist ass hole.
@gcamp4 #PRAYERS
My prayers r w Steve & his family.
Cuide bem do seu País e dos Militares pois eles merecem. A nação mais potente do Planeta precisa continuar pensando gd. Isso aí.
Mr. President @POTUS

GOD BLESSED Mr @SteveScalise 
he made excellent progress in his recovery (gunshot)

https://twitter.com/MedStarWHC/status/890237102536916993 …

#MAGA #2A
@TheView #foxandfriends #GMA #PBSNews #CNN #TheView  July 18, 2017  Steve Scalise to vote Obamacare gunned down by Bernie Sanders campaign
@TheView #foxandfriends #GMA #PBSNews #CNN #TheView Update July 18, 2017 DNC gunman still dead Steve Scalise in fair health
@TheView #foxandfriends #GMA #PBSNews #CNN #TheView Bernie Sanders DNC gunman, update July 18, 2017
#Chennai6
Nay, he is an white supremacist ass hole.
. The most rediculess president in the world.
I don't think he's that great.. Ive seen greater people die.. And you didn't mourn them
Big bros Stev, you are healed from the Crown of your head to the sole of your feet ,in  Jesus mighty name amen.
hope Steve is feeling better soon.
Prayers
Of course, he didn't actually VISIT Steve Scalise in the hospital. Just said he did, but it's another lie like all the others.
The American people are going to need a lot of Prayers if Trumpcare passes.
Prayed thank you for letter us know
Get better Steve! What about people who are not going to get better who's going to lose your job and be homeless
Prayers are on the way.  Democrat terrorism is no better than Isis.
Prayers going out for Mr. Scalise
Please don't say pray. Only time you ever prayed and meant it was for more cocaine and east European whores at studio 54
We pray for Steve and pray for you to stop showing off. Git some where and sit down. Zip those lips. Stop spouting so much fake trash.
@SteveScalise Praying for him! #MAGA Get well soon...
Pray really denied me proper health care why should we
Liar you never saw one of them. #TRICKYTWEETER
The president is now going off on Obama saying the RUSSIANS WERE TRYING TO HELP HILARY CLINTON. OMG. How stupid does he think we are. #dumpT
Apparently you are, Why did DNC not turn servers over to Homeland or Hillary to FBI?  oh yeah #BleachBit
Trump didn't actually go to the hospital
Praying!
I sure hope you apologized to Mr Scalise
It's so sad that your divisive rhetoric pushed a mentally ill person to commit such an atrocity
Isn't this the person who strongly believes in the NRA? and the right to "bear arms." God spared his life w/a black gay female #LoveisLove
Sending up prayers!
And also for you President Trump?  Texas believes in you!
Praying a full recovery! What a true leader
Please continue to pray ~
I will
I will pray for a speedy recovery
Pray for her and others like her too.

Many Prayer's for him and did they get the shooter??
Let's get this health care done....the dems are going crazy.....what is the truth?
Prayers
Love  you POTUS!
I pray for you Trump, because you cannot pay for your seat in heaven.
Everyone is great to you until they sneeze or something like that then it's get rid of them . I hope mr. Scalise will b ok
This claim may just be worth looking into

cc: @FBI @TNattygen
Glad to hear he is ok and will pray for him.
Continuing to pray for Rep. Steve Scalise!
How is STEVE SCALISE? The media isn't speaking on that issue! Only way to find out is to twitter the Pres. sad
i'll prey
My prayers are sent
Every day with you in the WH is like Christmas! Loved the Iowa speech tonight!
Hope improving.  It was a very sick person to do this. So many
That's a shame, I have no prayers for him
Making America Great Again  !!
Greatness
Where's @PressSec  and why didn't he make this announcement?
Great job you are doing for our country and Ga.
Praying for him. Also praying for Ottos family.
Praying for Steve, his family, our great nation, and our rocking POTUS!!!
I would like to help my fellow republican, what blood type is Mr. Scalise? Please send response to ecarter@prestigecommunications.net
Our nation & Rep. Scalise, happily, remain, on my mind. Of course, sadly, radicalized, progressive, obstructionist are not to be forgotten.
I'm with you Mr. President, in prayers!
Ha ha ha ha ha
I wonder if he's happy about voting to allow the mentally ill to keep their weapons?
Prayer won't help. Gun control will.
My prayers are with him & his family!
Praying for Steve Scalise.
Why did you not go visit him. Just used it as a polical stunt. You don't Care about anyone but yourself.
Didn't you just say he'd fully recover Dr. Trump? What went wrong with your educated prognosis?
*Trump to self*..' this is MY worst birthday ever! Why on My birthday!!! What about ME!! '

Gun rules rule...nope!
GODSPEED ! Mr. Steve
Praying for Rep. Scalise and family.

Your doing great.. stop letting mess ur grove up. Keep being PRRZ DON TRUMP. They are player hater.
I here banning liberals, maybe try listening to them. When they feel the only way we can be heard by our leaders is to shoot them is sad
He voted against ammo regulations. Well, I guess he won!
Did you visit the lesbian police officer who was injuries while saving the life of that homophobe?
dear potus trump,i thought this would interest you
What's,opinion of black lesbian police tht killed,shooter if she thinks abt being lesbian while on job?NO,NOT EVER so blame victim 4shooting
This was truly a tragedy. But your party want to arm everyone in the US - including the mentally unstable.
He voted to let the Mentally Ill buy AR15's he got what he deserved. Cut Healthcare for Seniors and they will come for you! Resign Now!
Pray! The cold bastard is an atheist. Amoral.
Mr Trump, please step down respectfully while you can still hold your head up high! Stick to what suits you, this ain't it!
That's not all, he not only tweets Trump' s tweet, he copies everything that comes out of his mouth, Paul Ryan trying to be president.
Yes we will
Rep. Scalia and Antichriist Trump deserves the WRATH OF GOD...  
                  -- EMPHESIANS
Rep Scalise and the GOP deserve DEATH 
Matthew: 24. 24.
Please pray for Rep. Steve Scalise. God BLess America!
Sending thoughts and prayers For Steve from KENNER, La. from the Melancon family. To a great patriot and American thank you Steve
Sending thoughts and prayers
I will be praying for Steve and my friend Debra and I pray for you and your family daily. It's in God's  hands and He has you covered. 
Praying for the victims and our government officials
God bless him!
He is a racist bozo
@WhiteHouse I pray for you every night. That God stays with you during these crazy times!
His health updates should come family not u that's private and personal info between them! U'll do ne thing 4 attention 
Mr Steve get well soon in Jesus name
My prayers for you and Steve Scalise. Shooting caused by liberal media & Dems. Republicans have class & don't do violence!
Disarm Hate
Nope
That was great that you went there to see him and the other man that was shot
Hope he has health care.
Please urge folks to participate in the #ScaliseStrong blood drive in NOLA & pray for our Majority Whip.  Thanks Adrian & @lawsNsausage
Praying for him and all Americans! Gunned down practicing for a charity game. Help @POTUS! We circled the drain for 8 years! #MAGA
Oh damn he isn't dead.   He should of had better aim 
You are the more fake Christian there is. You can literally see your soul on fire. Actions speak louder than words.
I will pray for all the millions of people who u want to take health care from
Prayers ongoing for both Steve and you.
Sending prayers for him
I'm really busy praying for your impeachment right now.
Prayers for he and his family
I am amazed that you give a shit about anyone other than yourself and I don't believe for a minute that you do. Who are you kidding here?
God bless him and restore health in Jesus name Amen
Prayers with all affected! 
thank you for being a stand up guy, visiting victims in the hospital and offering prayers.  I'm glad I voted for You!
G-d bless our Commander-in Chief.
The doctors are saying you never went near the patients. Stop lying!!
dude "tough shape" is not a term
Praying for Rep. Steve and also for you PRESIDENT TRUMP
You're the BEST!
Trump and his rhetoric is why he got shot!! Trump incites violence and hatred in people!!!
Happy Father's Day Mr President
Scalise is truly a good man and thank you for visiting him, sir.  America needs more LIKE him!!
Yes, Chaffetz talk your big talk now: 
Trump is ‘almost worse’ than Obama — and Jeff Sessions is ‘worse’ than Loretta Lynch
Praying ... 
Love to send him GUMBO.I'm from New Orleans, Happy Father's day to the Great Trump family and GREAT CAJUN Father Steve Scalise
Wait... he's great because he got shot? A lot of great black folks out there in that case. Hopefully his policy decisions will change!!!
Did you even talk to him? Enter the same room as him?
whoopty-doo. you're only concerned because his group helped you win the election. if he'd been the opposition, you wouldn't give a shit.
And a Bernie Sanders supporter did this?  Why didn't he take out Hillary!
Does steve pray for the all the people that actually get killed everyday in this country?
How about the innocent people the police kill?
Investigate the leakers
Why did you go if ypu didnt visit him?
This makes the mindless ppl do horrible things, why are they getting by with it? Why do police stand down when lefties beat up on right?
We would not have to pray for those who are killed by those who wish us all dead. Stop political violence and things that make ppl crazy.
Crook.
Great, truly great the greatest ever!!!!! Repuke shot great man. Navel seal killed because of ego nothing!
Did you apologize to him for all your hateful rhetoric that is in-sighting violence and division ?!
Is there any update on him?
have you ever prayed for anything other than your wealth
praying for Congressman Scalise
Wtf  u expect if ur gun control is non existent???
