Stop grandstanding and do your job, Rand. Majority of Americans want to keep and fix ACA. Fix it. No teams here. Do. Your. Job.
No, the majority of Americans do not want to keep & fix it. That's why Dems lost the House, Senate, & finally, the Presidency. #FullRepeal
Incorrect. Majority of Americans want to keep and fix ACA. Its support is at an all time high.
You're basing that on what, a poll?  Sorry, but I'm going with how people have actually voted since 2010.
Exactly. TrumpCare failed in senate with no votes. Majority wants ACA fixed. Rand needs to learn to govern.
He ran on on repeal, promised repeal and won on repeal. He won't accept the ACA or an ACA lite bill. Principals over party.
ACA is here to stay. Rand failed. He needs to stop pouting and get some work done.
Why is @SenateGOP obsessed with repeal of ACA ?....easier & more cost effective to improve existing ACA bill...
Exactly.  Yet, so many aren't capable of understanding.  The V.A. is a glaring example of gov't ran HC.
Americans think your ideaoligy is wrong. But at least you don't pretend you say what you mean so thanks for that. You're still wrong 
We blame you.
Thank you Senator Paul!
The rich politicians should have the same health care ordinary folks have,
U r 100% correct.Ins. Co. Subsidies is absurd. Free mkt plan is a better option.I have heard u voice your ideas.Too bad @SenateGOP doesn't
Breitbart is fake news.
Ok YOU have the vote on repeal, show some leadership, and win this for the American small business owner, otherwise YOU ARE ALL SHOW
Incompetent and demagogue
People should not be charged to find because they cannot afford Healthcare or they do not want to participate. This is illegal
Charged a fine
I'm with you, Sen Paul, but why not level with us; Congress is OWNED by lobbyists, so we still have O-care. Just say it. Trump would.
Easy 4a #GOP #coward 2 rant&make symbolic votes w/No hope of signing under #Obama than 2lead & pass something #trump WILL SIGN #AmericaFirst
All of you should be able to work it out Cruz has one of the best plans and you can add to that plan to make it even better get on the stick
And, why isn't that full repeal being passed now!? Trump won't veto it!!?? @SenateMajLdr Hannity to GOP:

Many hypocrite GOP senators voted to repeal Obama care only when they knew it would never be signed by Obama. Fire those liars who did that. https://twitter.com/ByronYork/status/887155760538497025 …
Main, West Virginia and Alaska need to have a come to Jesus meeting with their senators!
Can the Nuclear Option be applied on this? Repeal now! So much laziness & obstruction is unacceptable. You all know what needs to be done.
BCause they're #cowards &care more 4preserving self than #america #citizens suffering frm failed #ObamaCare forced upon the Ppl #trump #MAGA
Why do you insist on free market HC when it hasn't worked? FM med bills caused bankruptcy & early death. People wanted gov to do something
I am to, repeal it
At some point you will have NO team
It's amazing this is still going on. #gop has the majority + #POTUS   One word.    #LAME
He does have heart unlike you anti american dems who dont and hurt people like my aunt.
One of only 2 limited government advocates in the senate! Keep on keeping on Dr. P!!!!
We need #FullRepeal not Obamacare lite . Government out of my healthcare.
Full repeal will kill politicians at their next vote. Watch angry voters respond at polls.
Full repeal only take 11.4M off OCare. Out of 330M in our nation. That's 3.4%. Not a big #. Repeal the thing. Let the freemarket decide.
An exclusive with breitbart?  You had eight years to put together a replacement for the ACA and you failed to do so. You allowed this.
You're straight up CRUEL and evil. You'll never agree on a replacement. Get those taxes back for the wealthy though, right?
You must be rolling your hair too tight again.  You are no help to our president and I think that you run with the rat pack against him.
@rlockrocks Absolutely! I'M a Trump Train Rider! and Patriot! Thank You! Twitter does skew my tweets!
Rand Paul seems to be spearheading the health care issue, He should be in charge of changing it. 
What free market are you talking about? The one where competition closes lone rural facilities and drives all healthcare to urban areas?
That wasn't free market. That was Obamacare.
REPEAL NOW...straight up or down vote!
Do something!
We need dental one payer too.
I take good care of my tooth
Me tooth. 
I love it
Sir you are a crackpot. Do people even matter to you? Or is it just ideas and numbers?
REPEAL DONT REPLACE REPEAL DONT REPLACE REPEAL DONT REPLACE REPEAL DONT REPLACE!
Coming from somebody who could NOT see my doctor of 17 years and have my premiums jump 100% with less coverage....Stop the BS and REPEAL IT!
Do your job.  The majority of Americans (us) want to keep ACA.  Fix it.
Easy 2 cast meaningless bills. U and Ur "team" better pass substantive bills providing tax and health care reform or voters will punish U.
Problem is, if we punish them at the voting booth we hurt ourselves at the same time.
Your sentence structure makes no sense. Your constituents & most Americans want to revise, not repeal, ACA. Ignore them at your own peril.
Not true most american want aca in trash can where belong because that all worth.
Wrong. Check your statistics and your grammar. ACA isn't perfect, but it does a few things quite well.
Repeal, DO NOT REPLACE.
Kill the sick!
Unless you can prove you are unable to work, get a job and buy your own choice of healthcare.
Help include a single payer public option for those that want it.
Why should my family pay $700 per month for health insurance AND pay for other families?  Only truly needy should get assistance.
That's how insurance works. It's a system based on the healthy majority being afraid of getting sick so that the sick minority get care
We want fill repeal now
And how did that go.  You still have no plan after 8 1/2 years.
They are a real disappointment. @RandPaul @tedcruz @SenMikeLee are the real thing, true Constitutionalists, faithful to their principles
WE THE PEOPLE DEMAND A FULL REPEAL AND NO REPLACEMENT.  WE DO NOT WANT COMMIE HEALTHCARE IN AMERICA.  DO NOT COMPLY.
They did it because it meant nothing!
Many are impressed by your stance, support you, and agree with you. Outstanding display of courage!
You should be ashamed @RandPaul . Dems are better at being united and fighting Republicans. You guys can't get your act together. Shameful.
@mitchellvii You need to read this. This is the ethical and moral thing to do. It is also, the American capitalism thing to do. No socialism
liar!!!  You want all or nothing. #goodbyeRand
Publish a list. 2018 will be a bloodbath.
@doedeer1664 @doedeer1664 trump you aren't apart of a team you shit on everyone' you your administration need to go can't trust any of you
Shame on you GOP Senators that don't know how to govern. You will be very soon minority party. 7 years of don't know what to do. #Division
Stick to your promise, full repeal! No to a bad bill!
"government isn't the solution to the problem, it is the problem." Start from that truth. We are counting on you.
You need to get something done !!! Or go find a JOB 
Follow @mpa_ct Millennials for Action! Newly established political action committee working to elect conservative candidates!
Sick and tired of all of you.
I support health care made by a doctor
Repeal then replace
I support you Rand Paul.  Unforgivable that Republicans could NOT get this right!  In the meantime, the lowly citizen suffers!  Who cares??
Repeal or go back to private life RINOs.
You all don't deserve the jobs we give you get out loser
@RandPaul never heard of the trolley problem.Rand's solution is to either cure cancer or let it metastasize @DanaPerino @realDonaldTrump
Use the Nuke option.
On Aug 18th I'm going 2 clerk & recorder office change my party affiliation from republican 2 independent. I am done with lies & betrayal!
So, tell us.  Why are we still here?
Really Senator?
Repeal Repeal Repeal
It is 3 hornless female RINOS who won't vote for repeal.
Health care was far better before Obama care than now.medicaid wasn't meant for everybody that can workthey don't deserve it real o care now
Just put it to the floor 4 a vote 4 a straight up repeal then name&hold those accountable 4 voting against repeal.they will not b re elected
Now you get nothing, loser!
Amen - Rand Paul is 100% Correct - Amen 
-
Absolutely NO Subsidies for Wall Street 
-
Yes he is.
Thank you very much, Senator Paul.
Hang tough

"When the government gets involved, costs go up, waste and fraud go up, essential medical services are denied..." https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qBfC1YG9wIs&feature=youtu.be …
This is a disgrace, the ripple effect of this failure will be felt for years. I wouldn't be surprised if corruption (bribes) were involved.
We know who they are, but call them out.  Maybe they will be man enough to be embarassed.  Not likely, but worth a try.
They only voted yes for appeal under BHO because they knew he would never sign it. They did it all for show.
Oh go away Paul. Enough of your lofty ideals. You are not a team player. It has to be all about what you want
Thank you Senator , from the bottom of my heart for standing up for the American people, and honoring your promise!
AHEM.
When Obama was in, the House could have DEFUNDED OBAMACARE, yet they wouldn't.  From that time, I knew Congress liked it for OUR INS.
Its bc of you & your "I'm Mr. Perfect" attitude that we still have Ocare! Rep bill could be changed after passage with Repubs as maj But now
bc of you & other Senate RINOs the chances of that in 2018 are slipping away. How much did they pay you to sabotage our @POTUS? Traitor!
Thanks again Senator Paul
Thank for turning your back in America!
U had 7years and what u came up with is    Get it done or I see u on the unemployment line   Actions speak louder than words  GET TO IT NOW
Nothing less than full repeal, just like we were told for years...how hard is that?
Senator you keep talking when do you start working , you have 8 years to straighten the health care out and you are still talking
Let's repeal and then replace. Only way to get democrats to the table. Get your 3 female colleagues on your team, Paul!
Please! I guess the list is public?
Republicans are traitors to this nation and to the citizens of the United States, they are no better than the most far left senators
Republicans obstructionists are going to lose their jobs in 2018.
Maybe your constituents would be better served if they had a Senator who looked at ways to ensure they have decent health care.
Then repeal it but do something. No decision is the same as voting foe it
I stand with Rand and Fist Bump with Trump!!
FULL REPEAL NOW!! VOTE OUT THE ONES THAT WILL NOT VOTE FOR REPEAL!!
Is Rand Paul the ONLY member of congress who hasn't sold out the people?  Anyone else voting no b/c of the 200 billion insurance bailout?
Call them out!! COLLINS and CAPITO!! Campaigned on repeal now won't??? Sold out to PP cash cow. Patriots will vote them OUT!!! 
Listen to your constituents and HONOR your campaign promises to REPEAL! @SenCapito and @SenatorCollins don't be PP cash cow zombies!!!!

Republican senators who voted December 3, 2015 to repeal Obamacare. (Collins, Kirk voted no.) http://ow.ly/WsZT30dI3bS  
Stop your garbeg lies
Just repeal the fucking shit! And keep the gov away from healthcare! Y'all going to let this still be going when 2018 hits!
How can we have full repeal when @SusanCollins, @SenCapito @LisaMurkowski won't support it?  Did you not know this before you nixed BCRA?
So looking forward to the day when you have to go back to practicing Optometry
It isn't about Your Team it is about the People of KY the ACA worked for KY fix & expand it! Make it work for whole US
Amendment 2 and the victims of this act abridged, please l Hear your people that put you in office,
your constituents have learned a few things since that promise to repeal. Some realize that would be worse. Most do not want just repeal.
Obamacare didn't fail the people, YOU DID!
What you fail to do with the support of a president says much more.
What you did when Obama was in office didn't matter because you knew he wasn't going to sign anything.
Getting government out looks #SinglePayer. Let privately run medical community deliver healthcare. Let government oversee payments
You Cannot Repeal ACA till you have something to cover HC for the millions the ACA worked for Especially in KY!
Breitbart?  Anyway, some of your teammates started listening to their constituents and found out what they really need. You should try it.
I totally agree with you Sen. Paul. I am Fr. Ricky from the great state of Georgia
@SenatorIsakson @sendavidperdue @RepLoudermilk 

I live in Georgia, and you will lose my vote if you support continuing Obamacare.
And we are going to look into the lobbyist acting as the puppet masters on the hill! We are sick of politicians selling out to corporations!
gop fails to pass hcare in congress....looks like solutions will have to be in State govt...dysfunctional gop in congress...#1 issue
How's your and @RepThomasMassie 's strategy of simply blocking everything going? #NotSoGood
@RandPaul #8yearlie
Go stand by @chuckschumer as he gives his speech. You saved the ACA sir
Full repeal, no replacement. Competition between Healthcare providers that accept insurance for routine care and those who don't. Let the
market decide who is better.
EXACTLY
you wont vote to repeal, ur just a lying little manlet. u never intended to vote yes when it mattered. fraud manlet!
Rand. Please print that list on twitter. We want to know who to send down the river next election. Thank you.
Repeal and give Republicans time to find a better plan. Repeal and replace. We want Senators to keep their promise! ObamaCare makes us sick!
#RepealObamaCare
the GOP show weak to the People who trust them
TrumpDoesntCare is a damn joke, a tax cut for you and your cronies. Look at 45, trying to wine and dine and pork barrel votes. Pathetic.
I am totally disgusted by the nominal Republicans who are destroying our country by blocking Repeal of Obamacare!  
No $$ for Republicans!
You're great Rand but you are dead wrong about this.  We still have the mandate and Congress people are not affected by Ocare.  Thanks
I'm officially done. Dems actively destroyed the health insurance industry, now Reps are to cowardly to repeal like they "tried" 50 times.
Where are your repeal votes Rand? Hope you like Obamacare.
In a time when cohesion is necessary, division is what we have. While the Dems stand united, the GOP is split and may fall in 2018 over ACA.
Repeal obamacare now fight for us we the people need you
Life long Republican will be voting Independent from now on! GOP Failed
REPEAL.  I don't know why the president and Mitch McConnell don't get it.  We, the People, demand full repeal and replace with free market.
Tell them we the people are angry! Repeal or they lose their seats! Not open for discussion!
If Government didnt get involved with HC, millions wouldnt be able to afford it.  Republicans need to reach across the table and better plan
You failed us. You saved Obamacare. Thanks Rand
We need elected officials to demand the right thing for Americans. Finally!  MAGA
You all will give the Dems anything they want but You don't hold out for anything WHY is that?? PLEASE do explain We want to know
How can you say you are against people getting care? This repeal effort is nauseating. This will hurt KY. You take advantage of ill-informed
I wonder how these cowards who think if the Dems work with them they will get a better deal OH KNOW you all have taught the Dems to hold out
Repeal!

Don't replace a shitty law with another shitty law. 

Deregulate and get govt  out
You know the senators who voted in 2015 when rid didn't count Obama vetoed it Now chance Susan Collins needs to go now WV against
Go talk to Susan Collins and WV Senator These people need to be replaced
Repeal isn't the answer, take Obamacare, refine it, and let it stand, you're there to craft Healthcare for the people, not Wall Street...
#completerepeal NOW
Pls. Take ins. Co. Out of price negotiations. Give clear pricing to consumer. Let free mkt dictate med. Pricing. Why prop up insursnce cos?
Hold them accountable! Why vote in 2015 to #RepealObamacare only to vote no when it counts in 2017? @SenateMajLdr @senrobportman @SenateGOP
Thank you Senator ....
Call Them Out By Name, DAILY, until Repeal
What a shame,majority in both houses,a hardworking @POTUS & can't pass a major http://bill.Win  Or Go Home.
Let's hope you get this done. I imagine all four of you dissenting Republicans will be seeking other employment after the next election!
We're going to remember you and your little circus at midterms
The lying GOP promised repeal to get power and is now reneging.
Real Obamacare! Replace later! .
Sorry, my feed is a Brietbart free zone
ACA works. No ACA repeal.
Dumpy Corrupt Trumpy
You let us down. You all let us down, finally get the House and Senate - yet you were not prepared to actually WORK!!
Liberal & conservative Republicans need to compromise holding out for a perfect repeal that will never happen will lead to defeat in 2018
Stand firm sir.
BRAVO!  Thank God you are in the senate holding strong. We need REAL FISCAL CONSERVATIVES in congress. Not these fake socially conservatives
Ok Rand, you're getting what you want. Now you and Freedom Caucus better be working your ass off to get the GOP to vote for FULL REPEAL!
Try running that by W Virginia and Kentucky voters.
Thank you, Senator Paul! Hold these GOPers accountable.The ppl are sick of their bs.We need a FULL REPEAL.  Govt Healthcare is about control
Vote for repeal like you did before!
Repeal ACA. Can't fix something that's broken.
Repeal it all
You know we the people know you are out for you! You hate any idea not yours because you want to run in 2020! If you run against the Pres!
I'm sick of you.  You agree with nothing ever.  If I lived in your state I'd vote you out.  Come to a agreement with something will you?
