The Republican Party can't and won't work with the President to get anything done Embarrassing Republicans can't seem to tie their own shoes
Those are not Republicans or even conservatives they are the wolves who would devour the lamb.
Wolves in sheeps clothing have run our government for a long while Fortunately with the internet and social media it's become harder to hide
They are Socialists running on Republican Platform to get in then vote the Socialists agenda to counter REAL Republican votes.
Totally agree They have definitely figured out how to work the system Unfortunately money is such a big part of what gets them elected
Please let us know who voted for and against this !! Do a poll, ask the public @FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews Thank you
Rand Does have a point so much of our foreign aid is pork and graft. Is this why Washington has millionaires? Can we book on that?
Powerful words spoken. Thank you, Senator.
Wanna hear something sad? While playing this video on my speakerphone at grocery, no one knew what our Natl Debt was. NO CLUE.
@RandPaul
Was McConnell sleeping again on the job??
CRUZ or Paul need to be @SenMajLdr
Was it a voice vote or was it recorded? If recorded, where can we find the breakdown of votes?
Trump supporters liking, and retweeting the hell out of this video realize that he is against this, right?
I have 2~3 weeks vacations time use them to stand proxy for Rand Paul and to stop the endless wars.. Just ask, I have clearance, just ask!!!
I do this in a heart beat!
Everything you say is wise. Your example of wasted money spent on nation bldg, cost overruns, and simpleton projects in Mideast must cease.
I 100% agree. Take  from foreign charities, until we help America first! @RandPaul thinks outside of box2find solutions needed2help TX,FL
You have our full support! #AmericaFirst #Nationalists
Unfortunately we elect people who do not have political will to do what is proper for our nation.
Why would anyone oppose a bill like this....
Yeah.
Rand Paul for President! Right after Trumps second term, that is !!!
And.. let's get the money back from Iran to...Thanks Obama
Sen. Paul, I think most members of Congress failed math.
It's time for Revolution, name names and VOTE THESE BRAIN DEAD people out! Name names....
Spot on..  My grandmother use to say "God helps those who help themselves." We have forgotten how to help ourselves. America First!
wonderful speech wish they would let us vote on this because my reps (NY) don't vote in my best interest
Right-On @RandPaul
Senators I usually respect your views but how I wished that you had courage denounce aid to Israel that enables them to kill Palestinians.
America's staunchest defender of our constitution and liberty in DC.   from @RandPaul!
Why are there empty seats? At least one person has data and facts to back up common sense. The others need to be fired!
Thank you.
We should break the wheel in which we first either exploit other Nations resources or destroy them with war and then give peanuts.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul knows how to fund Americas needs.So much  of foreign aid is BS.Our vet,homeless,wall, disaster$ America1st
Thanks
Follow the Money!!!!
You've got my vote, Rand. 
AMEN! Never stop pounding this message. Thank you.
This should be on the front page of every paper and reported on all news media in America. Totally OUTRAGEOUS !!!
We all know it's not our money it's the governments and we work for them! That Senator Paul is just a thorn in their side.Prove me wrong!
Makes perfect sense. Fix our roads in KY. .. Not Afganastan or any other foreign country.
@lenisa_couch
You fail to inform your constituents of the discrimination there will be amongst associations you propose will fill gaps in medical coverage
Thank you, Rand, for being one of the few reasonable and honorable men in Washington.
Let get him the 75% to 85% to fight with Help spread this petition to help make this happen
If you would tax companies that sell overseas making trillions at a 50% rate, we wouldn't have a deficit. Why shouldn't they pay USA taxes?
Agree
Did you just double down on stupid? Yup, looks like you did...
Yeah, you really look burdened...what about all those who need the aid? Don't be a jerk
What is the Bill number?? With your Amendment?? @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell are my Senators & they should vote YES on this!! DO IT LADIES
That's ok, most of America is pretty disappointed that so few GOP leaders will stand up against Trump when he does something wrong
Show us the ppl who didn't vote for this! #longoverdue we'll vote them out asap
Stay with it @RandPaul
Paul needs to work with the president or step down, the people are paying Attention
Proud to call you my Senator. Keep up the good work.
Thanks for taking a stand for fiscal responsibility Senator!
Another Nut!
Trumps done more for debt than all Presidents combined. 

I better not hear any of U defending DACA they cost R country billions
looks like sabotage, let Trump do what he's gotta do! cut money on DACA non-citizens, Illegals
A truly great and impassioned speech. 
Well done sir!
Here is a politician who I get a sense has not given away his ideals for money or influence, even if I don't always like his politics
Why don't any Senators listen to the rational argument that Rand Paul is putting forth. It make too much sense for politicians to vote yes!!
Does anyone have the list of how the senators voted?
Where Is money from our international allies?  Why do other countries not help USA when the USA has a natural disaster of epic proportion?
Thank you, Senator Rand Paul for your diligence to divert spending from  foreign aid to help USA & fellow Americans!
Well said and I hope you keep preaching this message.  Completely agree!
@jessebwatters watch this... You are a big voice, Please let the people know. I really enjoy your show. Thanks
Bravo,Senator Paul,Bravotoo bad majority of your colleagues are too deep in the swamp to hear.But We The People heard&are Awake&Vote
I believe that Rand Paul was a missed opportunity
Thank you for being there Sir. I wish we had more like yourself serving in Congress.
@RandPaul where can we find how our reps voted.
Your amendment was too logical to pass in DC. I support your effort on this one however.
@POTUS Rand Paul makes a Hugh American First point. Please consider @realDonaldTrump
Thank you, please never stop trying. @seanhannity the foreign spending our government does is absurd.It would be great if you made all aware
Oh no bad guys are in the building we just rebuilt. Boom. Man now we gotta rebuild again. Pointless. Rebuild after battle won.
I'm so very sick of the corruption of D.C. and everyone's unwillingness to make ANYONE accountable I could throw up. U should all be ashamed
If any of u knew what the words "team work" meant, it would be a different story. We hired YOU to do what WE want. POTUS knows that, U DON"T
Well you have been worthless since POTUS took office and each and every one of you have your own agenda, so he took the bull by the horns.
You didn't honest-to-god think that those people up there in Washington we're going to do anything to help the American people did you?
Senator, my blood is boiling. Why give ANY money to foreign entities when our debt is $20T? Please tweet results of the vote. It must stop.
Not sure why this is even in debate.  Stop spending our money on other countries and let's focus on America for a change.
#MAGA
This should be required viewing for all Americans.
Times up Rand no more talk no more hold ups!!! People want action "NOW" !!! Get onboard Now or get out of the way we will run over you !!!
Doing things like we always have has not worked "DRAINING SWAMP" better learn to walk on dry land !!! Work with whoever "WILL" !!!
Just love how you Democrats and Republicans point fingers at each other ! Wake up you are all the "SWAMP" and alligator hide is at premium !
Americans in need left out in the cold I hope you personally donated like the President and we did
It won't be long before the entire world switches from money to "credits" on a simple microchip. Money never changes hands, only paper does.
And what else would you expect ? Are you heartless !! Look at the disasters in Texas and Florida !
Some time in the future, Rand Paul ought to become POTUS if he'll ever run again? I'm convinced that'd be highly beneficial for USA.
Rand Paul was  % right!
The voice of reason falls on deaf ears.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems Sadly Senator Paul, it's now the time to compromise, with both sides of the isle. So darn it, just start doing it now
Looking forward to working on your campaign for 2020. Keep fighting the good fight.
Big hearts and no brains? I disagree, It has nothing to do with heart.They are tyrants and bankrupting us on purpose. #McCain #Graham CUCKS
Thank you senator. Please keep fighting for the nation. You're one of our last hopes.
When your at the top of the pyramid, were the air is clear and clean it's easy to ignore the going downhill.
Keep fighting the rational fight. When it is so simple you'd think it wouldn't be much of a fight...
Rand makes so much sense, and always has. The dam issue is that IMO American Voter's don't know where their money goes! We Must Stop!
"Let it not be said that we did nothing." - Some Doctor I Know 
What would you do about #Harvey victims?
He would use senseless money being wasted in foreign aid for that.
Reminds me of the Crockett speech, it's not yours to give.
Please Sen Paul work hard to get this passed. The ceiling increase is only for three months.  There are people who need this support.
Maybe the bailouts under Obama Congress & Senate approved with no objections shouldn't have been? Same w/G.W. Bush? Those 2 raised our debt!
Love the start of the speech. However, where would you suggest this money for Harvey victims & soon to be Irma victims come from?
Overseas. Instead of giving money to countries that burn our flag, he wants to give money to less fortunate in this country. Makes sense
That's exactly what I want to happen. #AmericaFirst is putting Americans first!
Pass a #BalancedBudgetAmendment already!
Cofefve you Kentucky foo
Simply balancing a budget is now considered "radical" thought
Right on
Cricket league? Why aren't these politicians in jail! Should have made the names public of politicians who back these things!
What a great speech! Will totally get ignored by congress! Makes way too much sense! Time to put these incompetent politicians in jail!
Let me guss, no one voted to support your amendment.  Of course not, you all have turned Globalists. You care more about foreigners than US
We
Big corp Rinos can't afford to let that happen ! They are to business akin to sur13 in our streets ! They take no responsibility for actions
Noble idea but to think Congress might be fiscally responsible is a sad joke.
do you realize trump supporters will not support a senator that espouses support for daca:  with out our support you are ineffective
Hope it resonates #senator thank you!!!!!
I agree... but Americans need help in the worst way... Shame on you... #MAGA
300 Billion in releaf spending Now when we need i! Not Your plan (John McCain would screw up) The Debt will still be there in 3 months.
Disappointed you voted against Harvey victims. You often vote against @POTUS. It's personal @ expense of US people. Can I vote for you?
Rand STOP supporting that bastard McConnell! DEMAND THAT THIS POS STEP ASIDE AS LEADER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Absolutely @RandPaul !!!
Continue to stand tall and strong! So disappointed in @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   Disgraceful!!!!!!!
We gotta vote those people out of office come 2018/2020.  Where is the Roll Call??
Yeah that isn't fun !
I ask anyone who is reading this to Please watch & listen to Senator Rand Paul.
The True Voice of Reason. 
Thank you Sir
It was a teally good amendment and I was really let down when they voted to table it!
Tread carefully Rand.
Whatever.  Elected Republicans never miss an opportunity to miss an opportunity - so sad, so ineffective. #iusedtoberepublican
Thank you for being principled Senator
So clearly stated, wish you were in the oval office.The criminals in the congress will do anything to prevent it.Please keep speaking sanity
Thank you Senator Paul for speaking the truth.
So glad you're speaking up for the physically responsible Rand. God Bless
It's a dirty shame it didn't pass.
It's kick the can until Nature has had enough.  Humans never learn.  #Arrogance
Great idea Rand. Too bad the swamp won't allow it

That is the Republican and Democrat parties, Senator. Maybe take a look at @Federalists_USA if you are serious about smaller Govt
Thank you for trying Rand!
That was the most amazing speech ever!!! Thank you for standing up for us! 
Me too. Thank you for trying.
Why don't you just call yourself Randy like the rest of em?
Rand Paul, we really love you but everyone can't have it their way. Nothing will ever get done if 52 senators resist like the Dems.
Everything you do gets shot down. When are you going to participate in something meaningful that passes?
God bless you and keep up the good work!
Maybe if we got better leadership in the Republican party we wouldn't be in this position. Need to drain the swamp there also.
Thank you from a Taxpayer.
I'm also disappointed in your colleagues that do not take fiscal responsibility serious, or much as anything else.  Thank you for attempting
You're right on...hope someone will listen...
Well said. Enlightening & disgusting we spend that amount in foreign aid. Pray someone is listening.
One of the best things I've seen in a while. "Dinosaur syndrome- Big hearts, little brains". Atta boy Rand.
Thanks for standing up for all of us Senator Paul.  Some of us really do greatly appreciate what you do and where you stand on these issues.
Would this have included aid to Israel as well?  Why does so much of our money go there?
Thank you @randpaul
Excellent speech today Senator. You are a breath of fresh air in the stuffy house.
Did this pass today?
#RUNRANDRUN
This man speaks for the people. Bravo.
What ever happened to and why not have a balance budget amendment
With only expectations war and natural disaster?
People relief is a no brainer.  This is what I want my tax money to go to
Butt head.  Does he not get it.  More jobs more tax money comes in.  Start reducing debt.   Potus will also trim all your ridiculous fundin
It's hard to soar with Eagles  when you're surrounded by swamp rats. They can't fly; they can only tread water. #VoteThemOut #TermLimits
Big hearts, small brains! Love it. #rekt
Rand is still my favorite. Solid as a rock.
Disappointed we still have Obamacare because of you @RandPaul
Great speech. Are the rinos in the GOP willing to stand up for this recommendation, push their party to pass it or are they liars
All this money going overseas are wasting our taxes. Are the writers of these foreign aid getting a kickback? Dont doubt it.
yeah when u going to audit the FED! Congress is one big crooked circus act!
Great great speech. Spot on!! Possibly one of the best speeches ever from the senate floor. Congratulations!
well said #taxationistheft
Pres. Trump is marginally conservative and has little historical perspective on sound money or sound fiscal policy. I guess it's up to you.
Amen! I don't know how you get those knuckle-heads you work with to get with the program! We are so tired of them!
9mins&45sec of pure unadulterated mind blowing fiscal figures. Doesn't pass. @realDonaldTrump needs to take a good hard look at this again!
how about for every new dollar spent - we cut federal waste by 2 dollars?
Ive been saying these things for years! Im sure glade not all congressmen are ninnyhammers. @benshapiro @scrowder
You are the greatest senator in the history of senators.
LOVE this idea!!!
We need to grow r economy once we start growing it will be time to start cutting
Why don't we listen to this man? I agree stop foreign spending!!!
Thank you
Spoken by someone who defines classless.
