This is a genuine question to @RandPaul followers- is healthcare freedom really something you want? Please explain
It's time we repeal and replace Obamacare with healthcare freedom. 
yep!
but like... there's no freedom of information regarding health decisions- it's very hard to be an informed consumer
don't hand power to government you wouldn't hand to your worst enemy.
but at least there isn't a profit motivation
w/o profit motive there would be no innovation, jobs etc.... profit motive gives you the best value per $
yeah but you don't really have an equal marketplace w health- also socialized Med works well elsewhere
the Germans are starting to lead in development of new drugs
HEY PAUL the only thing we need freedom from is you & Trump leave our health care alone
it's falling apart. Obama sold a bill of goods
That's what the GOP wants u to believe. I am not saying it's perfect anything can be improved on it's working for many
it was rammed thru w/o even being read by most.  The whole thing was a lie perpetrated by Dems & led by Obama
The rhetoric you are using are the exact same words spoken by Rand Paul & Paul Ryan. You should do your own research
I have!  I also don't think 26 year olds should be on parents' plan unless good reason. These adults need to get
jobs and grow up
What about the young adults who are still in college & don't have jobs or resent graduates who are strapped with loans
one problem, "healthcare freedom" is code for "let poor people die." But keep massaging those hot dogs into your hair, looks good.
poor are fine, they have Medicaid. It's middle class that suffers
wrong, poor men without children 18-64 cannot get medicaid
the ACA expanded Medicaid to them. Repealing ACA leaves then with nothing. Goes for women too w/o dependents
premiums in AZ up 110% with huge deductibles
most docs won't take
so it needs to be fixed to be better, not repealed
i shouldn't be forced to pay for coverage i don't need.
Never Forget 

2018  2020

@RandPaul SUPPORTS Trump and REFUSES an Independent Commission into Russia.
I solemnly swear  to uphold the laws and NEVER say a negative word against Mother Russia.
#TraitorInChief 
We should have affordable care for all Americans.  We ALL pay for Corporate welfare are the middle class undeserving of the same?
Why don't you get on the same plan?? No, u do not deserve a raise this year, none of u do.  I got $1.00 for the year!
it is good obaamva charade
it is good to have your backing. Obamacare was a charade to make him a hero
don't worry too much about the replacement. #Healthcare wasn't all that bad before #Obamacare. Just repeal for now!
I LOVE the join an association part. Thank you for your hard work @RandPaul  Hope you make President some day. Good Job!
It's high time we find Senators WORTHY of representing ALL the USA. Tell the Koch~Sucker brothers we all said to F@#k off. Traitor
what about everyone paying a % of AGI for healthcare.  Gov to subsidise any deficiencies. approx 10%-12% flat across the board
what is healtjcare freedom? The last plan was suppose to be affordable
CHANT..OBAMACARE https://youtu.be/uF9p2B7ES5A  OBAMACARE SUCKS U'LL B
HEARING FROM US WE R THE PEOPLE FROM THE USA
I Agree it needs to be completely repealed
now that's what I am talking about. Thank you Rand Paul for getting it right.
that many of us can't afford
The actual legislation name is the Affordable Care Act. But do keep calling it Obamacare to fan the flames of division.
it's Obama's entire legacy. If Romney would've won we'd be calling it romneycare. Get over it
Also known as "let Americans go without healthcare coverage"
Thank you for explaining the replacement. If people don't understand that--They are NOT listening.
ONLY REPEAL. 2 yrs4 transition was built into repeal HR3762& was PASSED. Resubmit. Delay allows future DISASTER !
the problem with you Paul is that you are prone to Repeat empty & meaningless slogans just like your master trump the dimwit.
... amen ...
you mean freedom from having healthcare
Which should be an option. Government can't force me to have healthcare
you don't have to now,  you have that choice,  but not to be a burden on the rest of us when you get sick
Actually the affordable healthcare act fines you if you don't have healthcare
yes, it does. That's your choice.
So it's reasonable for the government to punish you for not buying a service?
it is reasonable to ensure that you don't mooch of the rest of us by not getting coverage
Just where does it say that in the Constitution? If anything, it would be a state issue.
More hollow and uncaring words. "Freedom" to die for want of income. Ideoillogical.
I think people are fine with that but for however many years now, WHAT ARE YOU REPLACING IT WITH?!?
I think its time for term limits. DRAIN THE SWAMP
I got a better chance of believing there's a Jesus that I would ever believe that will happen
Last couple of days I can't turn on the radio without hearing, GOP has no plans to repeal Obamacare. What's going on up there?
does nothing for the poor who R why we need reform,we need single payer 4em the more insured,more known,better care is developed.
so, universal coverage then?
The Affordable Care Act = Obamacare. In your state it's called KYnect.
We the People, gave you congress, senate and a new POTUS . STOP TALKING ABOUT IT AND REPEAL OBAMACARE
NO.  Millions & millions DEPEND on ACA to LIVE.
hurry up please
you should maybe consider repealing and replacing the POTUS while you're at it.
silent majority want president
the ACA has helped our state more than any in nation! Are you that out of touch? Can't you see what good it has done here in KY?
- Duplicates Medicaid and costs the govt millions!!! Only diff is he added his name to the duplicate ins!!!
if by duplicate you mean expanded Medicaid to millions, then yes. I don't see this issue. You want to build a 20B wall tho?
- dbl govt payment, free ins? NO!!  Build a wall/Immigration Policy? YES!!
are you religious at all?
- Very!
I'm not really looking forward to being free from all the horrible, horrible medical attention I've been getting lately.
you sir are a credit to the republic and I support your efforts. I am Illinois my healthcare has doubled. Please keep trying-thnx
hurray save jobs and reduce premiums
End the individual mandate! Using the tax code to force people to comply with state policy is anti-libertarian.
work for the people just once traitor
Let private business owner buy into medicare for their employees, They are young and do not use the system, that will support MDC
Makes sense to repeal socialism with free enterprise.  An unaffordable Procrustean institution with efficient tools
if you just remove the fines right now, it will fade away
WE need to get rid of the anchor baby law.
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM = ALBATROSS AROUND GOP NECK. Germany = EXCELLENT universal coverage at half the cost.
healthcare freedom? So let's replace a program that provides more access to healthcare, for those in poverty, and call it freedom?
if you're so into healthcare freedom, why do you accept a gold standard that is better than nearly every American can get?
This Yankee freelancer implores you to HURRY with this much-needed reform—NObama's unaffordable Mafia-styled mandate is sadistic
does it still include purchasing insurance across state lines?
healthcare should not be run by the federal government! That's a social justice control! We the people deserve REAL healthcare!!!
How about getting government the hell out of it ENTIRELY?
#FreeMarkets #NOTcorneredOnes
You mean the ability to "$uck dick" Everytime I have to go to the pharmacy just to pay for meds. #freedom
.@RandPaul What you really want to offer is junk insurance for those who are sick or don't earn lots of money. #Indivisible #Resist #SaveACA
why no tort reform?
thank you for the work you are doing on our healthcare. I appreciate you.
Spoken like a man who has no idea what it is like for some of us to finally have insurance. The smugness is just awesome.
Free to be uninsured?
you are out of touch with the reality of most of us - we have pre-existing conditions and won't be able to find ins at any price!
Your a broken record go get some answers on Russia and Trump and the last election why don't you
What's wrong with you?  People need real insurance. This is an outrage and we WILL vote you OUT!
You are a joke! You take on the same insurance as you want to provide us. HSA accounts do nothing for poor people and you know it.
I currently have a high deductible health plan. The deductible is over $6,000. I basically can't afford to get sick or injured.
It will never be healthcare freedom until Americans are free to see a doctor without worrying about going bankrupt from the bill.
freedom to die
you want to destroy Americas healthcare just like you, Bevin and McConnell has Kentucky your worthless
well done Rand especially on allowing more openness to quality alternative care and vitamins.  Healthcare people can maximize.
no..... don't replace it! Get rid of it!
let people and employees buy health insurance from any company, regardless of place of residence.
It's time repeal and replace DONALD TRUMP stay focus.
What ever happened to audit the federal reserve?
"healthcare freedom" aka the freedom to die from curable diseases if you're not wealthy.
: You are as soulless as the rest of your GOP buddies.
people need healthcare.  What are you replacing It with?
.@RandPaul for 7 years you had the chance to develop a program and you have nothing. You're disgrace!! It's easy to say NO to everything
Go for it. I dare you.
@ArronHsiu
I stand with Rand!!
You people and your ridiculous health care backpack. Freedom? How about BAD INSURANCE! That's what you're delivering! @RandPaul
full repeal give seniors and people with prior lifetime needs top consideration. Kids over 21 get need own policies
Don't you get it yet? Most of USA & KY want & desperately need ACA. Fix it smartly, affordable & with great preexisting coverage!
why is it every time the government gets involved our pockets get robbed
in the eighties all our jobs gave us Healthcare it was cheap and affordable why can't we go back to the way it was then
..or freedom from health care?
you can't fix something.that.never worked, repeal.it,.defund it, pull all its teeth out.  De legislize it.
I ask again: what will "Healthcare Freedom" look like? For GOD'S sake, @RandPaul...the @GOP has had seven years!
How about also changing the tax code to make disability payments totally ineligible from income taxes?
Your idea of freedom is deprivation of coverage for millions
I hope this doesn't allow insurers to collect premium w/substandard coverage. That was a major Obamacare improvement
as evidenced by loss in the popular vote, you know that the majority of Americans do not want to lose healthcare under the ACA
changing the name isn't reform, I'll bet you were the kid in class that always asked for an extension of your book report
yeah freedom for the rich get richer off of it and fuck the working-class people that's all you know how to do
I though got I were intelligent. Why do u protect trump?
We need temp, repayable deductible loan - so say $7500/single, autodebited from paycheck or from HSA etc in monthly pmts
How does mo. tax cred help me pay a $6500 deductible? Problem: most ppl can't save bcuz no job/low income -
I cannot wait to see how you guys mess this one up. I feel bad for the people you are about to alienate from the system.
. And I assume that freedom includes no pre-existing conditioms!!!
Keep pushing Rand! Hold Paul Ryan and Mitch accountable if they allow the corrupt entities to dictate our HC costs. Big Pharma/Ins
it's unfortunate that you are putting party b4 country.  I thought you were on team America and I'm disgusted by you now
I agree 100% senator
it is time to investigate this adminstration and its ties to RUSDIA. SEE YOU AT YOUR ELECTION TIME SENATOR. WE THEE PEOPLE WILLFIX
sure Senator. Show us the money!
plan? We need action & a tool
Repeal and Replace with the same healthcare senators enjoy at taxpayer expense.
tax reform is easier fix. Do that first then Obamacare
Majority of Americans like ACA. Leave r health ins,medicare & social security alone OR SOME GOP'S WILL BE OUT OF A JOB IN 2018
Forget Obamacare. Focus on the Russian connection to the traitor, Comrade Trump! Impeach @realDonaldTrump or you're a traitor too!
Could be, but doesn't that mean you need to show us your plan? Why do you hate the people you should be serving?
Freedom to die in poverty. You're better than this. We're better than this!
that is "healthcare freedom" for those who can afford it .
the freedom to go bankrupt if U have no insurance. The freedom for corporations to make profit from dying elderly #WWJD ? F U Rand
where's this wonderful plan be for the last eight years?  Why's it only being introduced now?
Insurance for the unhealthy is costly & unprofitable but improves health.What's your goal? Costs or Health Outcomes? #RepresentKY
Senator Rand, you need to listen to what the majority of Americans are saying. Fix the ACA, do your job
how can you have a healthcare savings account if you can't buy health care insurance in the first place
I don't believe a word you say anymore sell out!
your upsetting the people,they might have to be responsible for their own insurance
"healthcare freedom?" What clever team of marketing pros came up with that highly polished turd?
Thank you Senator!
just do it!
"healthcare freedom" ... sounds promising, can you tell us a bit more before you leave millions uncovered?
blah blah blah... another GOO loser, coming out of the swamp, trying to get in good with Trump
Repeal, do NOT replace.
As long as we get tax cuts for the rich, I'm all in! Ending coverage for the working poor would be icing on the cake! 
you guys don't even have a replacement. Shame #shameonyou
what do you even mean by healthcare freedom?
you republicans took away pre existing conditions, insurance companies don't need you now.
it's time to start the investigation against the WH and its ties to Russia b4 and after the election
I'm counting on you to be the first to sign up for the new healthcare system. Hope to see you set the example by enrolling family.
enough with the threats do it stop talking. how much do you pay for your health insurance ?
stop talking about it and be about it! Please do it!
dude bigger problems with Russia to fix
@hmh1497 get it done this time.
Please fill out the survey!
Please Take 
Trump's Media Survey
Tap On Link
http://bit.ly/2lrtj10  
I would prefer not to.  #FreedomToOppress
Healthcare freedom is a subtle way to say poor people will be free from healthcare. What phony BS.
sounds like you want to help lower income families have freedom from healthcare
Get it done!!
Awesome plan. Allow people to purchase what they can afford. Let's get a less expensive catastrophe only plan out there.
too much hate in the GOP
k but like you won't tho
God will repeal your mothers' souls from Heaven and replace them in Hell for eternity Jesus was a healer Repubs are dirty dealers
Hey Rand I condemned Heinz to hell for voting against the school lunch program & then he went there for all eternity YOURE NEXT!!!
so all Americans will get same plan as you and fully paid for
One of the few politicians with good intentions.
Repeal and replace Trump.  #republicans for impeachment
go get 'em Rand!
well just what the fuck is that
HSA's are not a good solution. Low income and middle class don't need a tax write off and are unable to save
Y do U always say. "Inexpensive" plans across state lines can compete but not "expensive" plans can compete. This bugs me.
"Healthcare freedom" is code for "you pay for it yourself."   Gotta stop taxing rich to help the poor.
why don't you have a plan yet?   You've had how many years?
# no single payor
And as a result, do millions go uninsured - will we have the freedom to go on your govt plan? - #outoftouch
why start from scratch? That doesn't sound practical or fiscally responsible. Slow and steady wins the race.
where can we read the plan? Can you provide a link please?
you can keep your plan. You will pay 28% income tax on it
- Then, does our govt pay tax on all the FREE premiums it is paying? That only adds much more to our debt!! NO FREE anything!
No need for more beaurocracy in HHS. We have the IRS so people can take care of themselves, like we're supposed to.
Yes, many will now be free to not have healthcare! Only great if you are young, healthy and better off.
Aspirin, bandages, gym memberships, premiums, co-pays, etc...
If all are made deductible, we'd have a healthier country. Too easy?
Like back in the good old days when you couldn't get insurance if you were sick and you lost your home to medical bankruptcy.
Are you promoting something simple, that would prompt people to get & stay healthy? Make ALL health care expenses deductible.
a single payer program would be nice.   Everyone  needs healthcare.   Don't repeal with a plan 
I think I believe you about healthcare. But more has to happen other than news bites. How can we help? Who do we call?
Is healthcare a citizen right. All other major western countries do at 1/2 our spending. The healthcare lobby?
will tax credit be the same across the board no matter what your income is? Love the idea of across state lines #healthinsurance
start with requiring pharma co's to exclude marketing from their R&D costs and creating transparency in HC costs
@wilkerson_jesse   Yes it is y'all should not recess until  that is done & president has his cabinet in place
plus congress and senate should hv to use whatever health care is required of the citizens
we are waiting on you, Dr Paul...your proposal has great merit
freedom to pay more. freedom to be exploited by doctors, hospitals, Big Pharm. freedom to be denied for pre-existing conditions...
- Thank you, Senator Paul; we MUST repeal and replace HIS ins for which vast majority receive it FREE! Save $ for the Govt!!
Yes and that will probably allows people not 2 have health care which will send them back as ER users. That is most expensive 2 us
how about this. You come up with Trumpcare and then there is a national referendum - Trumpcare vs Obamacare.
how much will an HSA help if costs are high. I can afford a  $20 copay, but not  $270 a Dr. visit. Much less unexpected surgery.
stop talking about it and do it senator Rand Paul.
Thank you! The mandate must go! #NoMandateNoPenalty
ENOUGH WITH GOVERNMENT CONTROL HEALTHCARE!!!
@FreedomWorks how about six years ago, and what have you been wasting your time on since? #Grandstanding
good luck. Your gang can hardly agree on adjournment
