I wonder what you will say when you learn the REAL truth about 911 
I don't believe the demolition charges theories, that's tinfoil hat territory. I do think they knew, and let it happen, that's very possible
In Russia there is a firm belief in the intentional destruction (controlled demolition) of the buildings.
The logistics of it make it seem implausible to me And, I'm convinced that the jet liners at top speed were more than adequate to do the job
The planes destroyed only the upper part of the buildings. But in fact, the whole steel-framed building collapsed to the very bottom.
I dunno man, I'm not a construction engineer. But I do live and work in NYC, to get a demo crew in un-noticed? Seems impossible.
Don't forget 7 World Trade Center (7 WTC) collapse also...
That one I'm not sure about. It is more suspicious considering that it wasn't directly hit.
If Trump wasn't president and everything in chaos and nothing normal because of him, we wouldn't be in this situation.
Chaos created by leftist kangaroo courts and the vile ex prez Obama. The people held an election and the dems lost huge # of seats.
Doesn't make it ok for the Trump crime family to get away w/money laundering, collusion w/ foreign enemies & making millions off taxpayers
They haven't. So take your vitriol somewhere else.
Fun fact of today: Jacob Wohl who Trump keeps retweeting is facing 14 counts of fraud in front of Ariz Securities Commission-hearing 8/7/17
A. Not sure what tweets you're referring to  B. I don't give a flying eff what you say.
With Mueller, he is a sweeper, so his evidence if we can call it that has been invented.  This move is to take the eyes off of Clinton
That's right
An unprecedented set-up by prior administration in collusion with Democrats & conspiring with MSM. Americans best wise up fast, unite as 1
So fire the ones who have leaked or are being investigated. The ones who refuse to investigate democrat crimes.
Obama,Hillary, Lynch, Rice, Brennon, Comey, McCabe, Wasserman and Awan.Just a suggestion.come on FBI. FBI for us.
If you have evidence that FOUR YEARS of investigations didn't find, then produce it.
I don't know about you but I have been seeing far more than you ever saw on Russia. That's why we ask for equal time.
Equal time requires the presence of evidence supporting your claims. Without that, you do not deserve "equal time". Lies are not evidence.
That's what I am saying. Where was the "presence of evidence" when a special council was appointed?
That evidence is NOT privy to the public.  It would taint a jury pool and that would violate the rights of the accused to a fair trial.
What isn't available to public?proof of a crime , evidence usually does taint a jury pool alright.
We can't live in fear of our own senate! #POTUS hit a brick wall to #MAGA not only because of DemonRats but GOP branch of DenonRat Party?

congress do your job, and this will work out
He should be locked up
Too late...
THEY ARE OUR ENEMIES. THEY ARE EXECUTING W OWG GOP & DEMS A COUP DETAT AGAINST THE PEOPLE WHO VOTED & WON #MAGA AGENDA. ALL ARE SUSPECT!
We also can't have fake conservatives in the Senate like
@SenJohnMcCain @JeffFlake
The Trumps have done more to destroy democracy then all the Demos u morons r trying to use for cover!
Yes,you can.
I do! They are DIRTY mostly, not the bees, the elite. PISSED Rand, really. I am furious as is the base - Mueller is NOT unbiased.
Certainly not Preet either! His whole damn timeline is nothing but Trump hating rhetoric. For those who don't know hes a Mueller prosecutor
too little too late i fear! i don't believe anyone in our country is feeling secure and hopeful . deep state is winning, it must not!
Obama's unconstitutional abuse of the power of intelligence agencies to surveil  citizens may the largest underreported crime in US history.
We must clean out all Deep State subversives
So, what do you suggest we do to clean this frickin mess up? How the hell did we get to the point that our protectors are our enemies?
Five letters O-b-a-m-a
To be a little more transparent, I think the five letters you meant were N-E-G-R-O. Obama himself is a superlatively class act. Best ever!
OMG. Of course the first outta your mouth is racism. You have nothing and never will. That is your short, one page playbook. Get a brain
Well, I live in fear of your actions when you are supposedly at work!
So, what is Congress going to do about the rampant political corruption?  The only thing Congress seems capable of is raising taxes.
They are criminals Rand...
Well, you best let tell that to everyone in government excluding POTUS Admin since they already know. Its partly why we voted 4 him. #Help
WE don't live in fear of them. But Russian spies do. That must be why YOU fear them.
@tedcruz 

Now explain this
Senator Paul, sadly, current deep state-democrat collusion shows we not only should, but must live in fear of our intellence agencies.
'We Can't Live In Fear Of Our Own Intelligence Community' 
Do you know what is "Operation Northwoods" ? 
The real collusion is @washingtonpost + @nytimes =DOJ. Class action lawsuit is needed 2 go after these entities. This isn't abt free speech!
The people live in fear off their own swamp criminals trying to oust our duly elected president!
It's time 4 the @GOP 2 get off their arses & cover @POTUS @realDonaldTrump even if they h8 his guts. This is destroying our nation!
PAUL, DID I NOT SEE YOU AND YOUR SON WEARING A JEWISH SKULL CAP ? WHAT DO YOU HAVE TO FEAR?
Rand Paul you have no problem because you have no intelligence!
You mean we shouldn't but we do! Short of a revolution #DeepState has already won.
Yes,you can. In fact you do all the time.
But we do. And we are.
Because they can spin, lie & invent whatever they want.
Clintons are prime examples.
EVERYONE knows they're dirty.
Nope. Only gullible, hateful people "know" this.
Nope. Only people who read the facts "know" this.
The rest are just sheep.
'
Do u know the Clintons?  Have u ever met them?  Do u know anyone who ever worked for them or around them or lives next door to them? I do.
No I don't! I didn't know Ted Bundy never met him IDK any1 who work 4him or around him or lived next door 2him & it doesn't matter if u did!
Not to single out the #Clintons, all 1st hand servers of #DeepState are sick motherf*%kers.
Most of those treacherous agencies should be and must be dissolved if Liberty in America is to survive.
Don't you mean anarchy and libertarianism? An absolute disdain for anything except the id? Total self-absorption?
https://fantonino-changingworld.blogspot.com/2017/05/what-is-liberty-lesson-on-liberty.html …
That's right we can't
really-might inform Republican's man in White House before he breaks every institution-Constitution&all you say you hold dear like democracy
What happened to just ensuring your conduct was true to the American people? There are such things as dirty politicians #draintheswamp
FIX THIS CROOKED GOVERNMENT MR. PAUL
but they would prefer we did , I know I would , unless I was Jack Bower or Jason Bourn , then they fear me
They need to be bulldozed to the ground. 
The remains burned to ashes.
"1984" - Orwell's prophecy.  Power through surveillance.
That's life,  more for folks like you than for me. 
Remember JFK, Reagan. God bless you and protect you.
Do something about it Paul and get that special counsel
Seems Congress has been 'silenced'! http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/07/23/thune-trump-will-sign-russia-sanctions-measure-senate-to-vote-this-week-on-obamacare.html …  Did you vote for it??
Mr Paul... why don't you just change parties and get it over with!
The President must resend the changes NSC Secretary Clapper revised in the 2008-2016 time period.
If you are doing nothing illegal or immoral,  what is there to fear?
No? Why Can We Live in Fear of Our Own Congress, Senator?
You only fear that which you don't want revealed. Maybe those with skeletons should be investigated and revealed. Especially public figures
Need to curb snooping ability.
#firethemall
Rand Paul for President !!!
LOL....Truthfully though...You should only be living in fear of our own intelligence if you are hiding something from them & lying about it!
So, the president was being surveilled or wiretapped or having his conversations searched for in the NSA database and then leaked?  Crazy.
time the pres was  given support mr R paul as you know  mueller is on a  witch hunt  and we are fed up as his supporters
Too bad we already have to fear police in the name of #marijuana prohibition.
We live in fear that nobody in our government cares about justice and the rule of law. Trump cannot do it alone
But we do. They have Overstepped, and are Using their Power for Evil which is Why the Traitors Must be Exposed&Prosecuted.We Have Had Enough
Except our Intel community has gotten us into wars against countries that NEVER attacked us. What is Yellow Cake?
When you place your personal political agenda ahead of your duty of office, you are no better than a spy. There is no nobility in treason.
As elected leader Senator Paul you can make a difference in change You well know you & many others privacy on Capital Hill is in jeopardy
It will freeze out anyone thing of sharing information that could endanger them if it got out.
If equal justice under the law does not matter to you or the intelligence committee....the people will revolt, plain and simple.Remember him
Well it seems even the Spcl Counsel is leaking being political and wasting tax payer $. Real Crimes  Clinton's, IRS, Fast & Furious. DWS DNC
But we do because it's STILL going on
There is something seriously wrong with the Mueller investigation and @GOP is writing bills to protect him? This looks third world to us.
Perhaps you can help @realDonaldTrump understand this.
Massive firing of holdovers is the only solution, a clean sweep
Yet their they are...FUCKING EVERYTHING UP!
And yet we do and we evidently should!
Uuum, no we won't! And we're tired of this blatant corruption and criminal activities. #EliminateCIA #GeorgeHWBush #2ndAmericanRevolution
You CAN & SHOULD fear the IC if they're mounting a coup and talking about soon taking out our POTUS! NEVER TRUST THEM!!
Shatter it into a thousand pieces and scatter it to the winds.
Amen, you seem to speak truth and Americans need that right now.  #thanksrandpaul
Take back America from the police state
Well then there needs to have a deep Military investigation on them.. Comey and OBama Administration has corrupted the whole System
@RandPaul - only you can fix this
thank you Rand Paul for your integrity
What Intel community, 911, Killeen, San Bernardino, Garland, TX, God Bless TX cops! Oh yeah then there's Hillary. A Fortune cookie is better
On basic things like this, We The People should be keeping score.  Chalk up one point for Rand.
Oh jeez, Sheeple he is not looking out for you. Dishonest and yella fraud. Constitutionality and Country not Country club. Repug GOP
No, I live in fear of you! How you accept the terms of your party a robot. Shame on you for trying to divide the people we deserve better.
Hold the media accountable!
I'm not afraid. These people are whistle blowers who deserve applause for letting us know just how bad it is.
They are left overs from Obama. Why doesn't Trump get rid of them? I am getting pissed.
Keep fighting the good fight Senator.
We need to start EXECUTING these people, NOT just lock them up at taxpayers expense! They have ZERO redeeming qualities!
But I and others do. Keep fighting for us Senator Paul.
@TheRealDonaldTrump We who helped build the technology we all depend on ALLWAYS HAVE, Because We KNOW
Isn't that disgusting, we've definitely noticed.  NSA needs to go along with NDAA and Patriot ACT, Nazzis have infiltrated for sure
But we are!  2 the point that we r worried the intelligence community is not only invading our privacy but is taking down an elected Pres.
True. Congress only cares about themselves even though they are supposed to be Representatives of the people.
SHADES OF ORWELL'S 1984, DUSTY RHODES
#StandWithRand
We can and we do live in fear for all of the world everyday from liberal governments all over the world!!!
Rand for President! Best mind, balanced, fair, conservative.
That's exactly what is happening
Talk is cheap. The Pauls talk a good game but never get anything done.
We need to purge their leadership and find patriots to replace them
You are the BEST Senator. Many are useless, most are #RINOS like @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan even @TGowdySC votes against the constitution
Intelligence community is a joke. Democratic run and controlled. Republicans are puppets. And worthless
Maybe they have something to hide, I think so
Sir it's time to step to the plate and help #DrainTheSwamp of the snakes both democRAT and republican. We grow weary of the broken promises
Agreed. Time to put people in jail
FBI selective inaction with Hillary emails & subsequent overreaction to Russia influence is scary in its political bent. #ShakyDemocracy
So can we sue the government for tyranny? What can we do but start a war against the Feds as the constitution allows
When people get scared they vote for crazy things. Ie: The Patriot Act
#TermLimits
Time to clean house
... half the republican party and the president are all compromised or are outright russian spy's ....
Than you and your colleagues should help our @POTUS !
So do something!!!
So help our President by supporting him!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Then do something!
http://www.ggcnyscli.org 
We have been we just didn't know it!
I have most of my adult life. . .
So real it in, and hold people accountable oh, thats right, like hillary & obama. Too big to jail
Seems like the GOP had much to be afraid of... What is done in the dark comes to light in the day- fear the truth
Perhaps congress just lives in fear of being found out.
If Congress is worried then they must have something to hide. That is what you say about President Trump. Oh yes two faced, of course!
Yet we do!
You got something to hide, phony boy
THAT IS VERY TRUE.  I REFUSE TO LIVE IN ANY FEAR WITH ANYONE OR ANYTHING!...NOW WHAT, SIR?
What's the plan to move forward
They are commies. To late!
Yes we can, "your" president says we should nearly everyday. Maybe you've had to much sun from golfing to realize.
We cant and wont, they dont realize the people are gonna just go full revolt if it gets much worse! And on both fraud parties!
I'm not in fear. Are you Rand? All I see is law enforcement dealing with crimes. #noproblem
They have become so corrupt the people will need to see sweeping changes to trust them again.
Yeah no one will ever be able to trust GOP again.
You should be outraged.  Where are the democrat investigations!   You are all members of the sewer. Vacation?  For doing what???
No but someone should make sure their enthusiasm doesn't go overboard
#TrumpRussia
We are about 16 years late. Fix it.
They are converting us to the One World Order - all this noise is just a distraction from the real agenda.  Please stop them!
Thank you for being one of the few that stand up for the American people !!!
Your jealousy of President Trump is getting the better of you

We have a very small intelligence community and a very large quasi-goverment that bypasses the constitution and manipulates policy.
Opposing @GOP egomaniacs blocked @POTUS from making appointments during Aug.recess. @GOPHouse @GOPSenate Rworking against voters.#Despicable
Voters look forward 2 campaigning against @GOP traitors & 4 their primary challengers in 2018. @GOP Leaders R part of the swamp.#DTS #MAGA
Then fix it dammit!!!
Trump's DOJ is attacking the free and open press, by threatening subpoenas for those who print material that is embarrassing to Trump.
It'll be a cold day in Hell before we trust any government agency



We certainly live in fear now watching the intelligence community in the process of removing a duly elected president.
I agree,  they need to get rid of Obama left overs and do it NOW!
Need to get rid of traitors NOW! #TrumpRussia
We do live in fear of the IC they are beholden to corrupt politicians and lobbyists
IC needs a major sunlight review, ending with many changes to both who is employed and how they do their work.
Well, no shit. This is the first treasonous president who's ever disagreed w them because of traitorous acts. 

#trumprussia
#treason
.@gop
@cabinet Why has McMaster allowed the "unmasker," Susan Rice classified clearance. What the hell is going on in #Washingtondc #MAGA #DRAIN
By a for hire surveillance system, for the controlled and docile masses.
Dr. Paul is right. It's government of the people, by the people, for the people. That we must protect. Not government of the elite,
Do not reauthorize 702
That's funny, I was just thinking that of having you as a senator DO YOUR JOB! Hold a town hall #kleptocracy #bananarepublic #FREEKENTUCKY
We can't live in fear period...
Your a Senator raise some H E L L
All of USA, Don, JR, & Pres's family need Pres to get MEAN TOUGH AS HILLARY/OBAMA & NOT PANTYWAISTS to get rid of Mueller & grand jury.
We should equally be able to say " We Can't Live In Fear Of Our Own President & WH"
- Why not? Their only interest are severance packages weponds of mass destruction.. lol
We don't. Well, Drumpf & Comapny do.
We already do. Dems, RINOS, never Trumpers have upper hand. No grand jury for Clinton's, Rice, Lynch, Schultz, Uma, Learner & list goes on.
If you're talking REPUBLICANS, you've got to mean LACK OF INTELLIGENCE, don't you? Just a HUGE correction I felt I needed to make!
And we do, that's why it is so important that you are with this president and we the people!  YOU need to speak up about the witchhunt!! Now
We can't even trust our intelligence community.The FBI really did alot  when it came to Clinton,Lynch,Comey and Holder.  Wasserman Schultz ?
True. But in Jefferson's classic definition of tyranny (what is legal for the government but illegal for the citizenry), the ship has sailed
