Psalm 37:39
But the #salvation of the #righteous is from the #Lord; He is their #strength in the #time of #trouble.
Isaiah 61:1-3
“The #Spirit of the #LordGod is upon Me, Because the #Lord has anointed Me To preach good tidings to the poor; [1/6]
He has sent Me to heal the #brokenhearted, To proclaim #liberty to the #captives, And the #opening of the #prison to those [2/6]
who are bound; To proclaim the acceptable year of the #Lord, And the #day of #vengeance of our #God; To #comfort all who [3/6]
#mourn, To console those who #mourn in #Zion, To give them #beauty for #ashes, The #oil of #joy for #mourning, The #garment [4/6]
of #praise for the #spirit of #heaviness; That they may be called #trees of #righteousness, The #planting of the #Lord, that [5/6]
Romans 12:14
#Bless those who persecute you; bless and do not #curse.
It's time to start closing agencies and depts in the Fed government. Stop spending
Or we could have Trump stop living like Elvis and cut back on secret service agents covering his family's business travel.
1) Let's be real! This is no joke what's going on around the world. Corruption in our government is at the highest level, and
All of his campaign bluster was due to ignorance and he (thankfully) has done NONE of it since taking office & discovering the complexities
Actually changed quite a bit with executive orders on regulations.
He can sign stuff that ruins our air, water, gives banks ability to ruin people's savings, undermines women's rights. Nothing thru congress
End student loan program and close the EPA. Let's go
Yeah cuz education makes people smarter and EPA makes them healthier. Horrible goals.
Audit and end it. Or rather just end it then we can audit it. Stop the Income Tax as well or at least it we should get a choice to opt out.
Let's audit the federal government first. Let's start with the DOD and find the $1.2T that Rumsfeld reported was unaccounted for.
Do you have the votes in Congress?
My guess POTUS Trump would sign a bill to Audit The Fed.
Long overdue.  And the next question? Who is accountable for the findings? Someone or some entire group needs to be hung  elites?
It's way past time to end the Fed. #EndTheFed
Absolutely! Can't wait to watch all those Congressman drop to their knees like Paulson did in 2007. #fedtruth
President Trump please listen to Senator Rand Paul (& father Ron Paul). @POTUS @RandPaul @DanielLMcAdams @catoletters @Thomas1774Paine
It has been time for years. Why not just do it. Congressional inaction over and over b
Time to #AuditTheFed  Time to #DisbandTheFed
Thank you for bringing up a real issue.
It's time to end the Fed #endthefed
You too while we are at it!!
Let's get this done ASAP. Find out how corrupt our government spending and previous administration were.
Try it ,and kiss your future good by.they have the power.
Yes it is
We the People are not stupid. To audit the Fed will realize our worst fears about a rogue government
How about Fannie Mae and Freddy Mac too
How about you find that six billion dollars missing from the state department when Clinton was Head of the State Department
Should rid ourselve of the Fed
It's time to get to work.
As with most
Now someone is talking sense!!!!
Let's audit you.
Small govt is not answer to everything. @potus is delusional.  Instead of raising debt ceiling, increase taxes for the rich, not cut!
Absolutely!
Its time to keep promises to the people!!!!!!!
I felt like it was time the last time you said it was time, or was it the time before that?
Let's GO STRAIGHT To the Fed's OWNERS! The Bank for International Settlement. & FUCK The AUDIT, Bring TORCHES & PITCHFORKS & Kalashnikov's
Ron Paul for Fed Chairman
Your tweet to Trump's screen
Here's a thought, audit the republicans in congress for ties to Russia
Great idea!
Not audit the Federal Reserve..Abolish it for its UnConstitutional
It's way too late....
It's way passed time
Why don't you audit the Pentagon and ask where half our national budget is going?
Oh please do - where has all the money gone ?
BTW, caught a 29" trout in East Matty
Its 20 years past time. Trump would not stop you. What in the hell are you waiting for
#AUDITIRS
Definitely
Also time to prosecute Trump for #russiantreason & #moneylaundering.  

.@GOP 
#treason
#trumprussia
#rico
#obstruction
#wewillnotforget
Please!
No, it's time to #ImpeachTrump
$16+Trillion
Time Rand got others behind him since is usually right!
Yes, sir, I'd say this crooked Department is way overdue, and due for repayments, probably!!
ELF Burns - extremely low frequency directed energy burns pics - Innocent Targeted Individual James Lico
http://jameslico.com/ 
@RandPaul, @BernieSanders when was it NOT time to audit the fed?
Let's stop talking about it & do it. Once audited, we will all see the corruption. Then we can abolish it & IRS. Repeal Fed reserve act 1913
Repeal federal reserve act of 1913.
And if we can't #AuditTheFed maybe we should tell #antifa that the Fed is racist and they'll take action!
Its like singing "we are the world" like dad like son
Who is the extablishment you want to shock?  It's time to support our president and quit fighting against all he is trying to do.
Way past it, not that the fed should have been created in the first place but that should have been in the orginal charter of the Fed

Actually decades overdue!
Nothing over shadows this goal. It's the Fed stupid. This is why politician don't care what you and I think. We have no power without audits
No, shut them down.  #bitcoin
It was time 30 years ago.
Agreed. But don't stop there. Why not audit every congressman and senator? Funny they go in with nothing and end up millionaires
Let's start with health insurance for congress! Why should congress a special right 2) secret svcs cost 4 trump fam
Here's the salient question: Who would he think is qualified to audit the Fed? Surely not Congress. Stupid-Congress! Fed's not for kids.
Let's do it...It's Time to take step to get these international bankers off our back & out of America Peace &God Bless America  #EndTheFed
All the Way....No Half Measures
Totally agree.  The Fed is an inefficient, and bloated organization that needs serious overhaul.
It's time to end it.
how much money was stolen from people born in32all the way to 69 from these hidden silent predators;federal reserve!Progressive increase24-1
Then, it will be time to end the Fed, just as your father wrote. The Fed is the biggest scam ever perpetrated on Americans.
Why, sounds like your a one issue Senator.
Why? Money is printed and given to the largest banks.
How about ending it?
Wurd
Amen!
Make it happen please!!
@DA_Stockman by audit you mean abolish right??
can you guys start standing by Trump and stop back stabbing him give him a chance
Keep calling for it Sen, maybe some day they'll listen. @POTUS. @congressorg
I agree and implement Glass Steagall. Then get on with rebuilding US, Africa, and the World with infrastructure.  http://lawrencefreemanafricaandthewolrd.com 
just the us let other countries do their own infrastructure
i woildnt leave it up to congress...they can't get anything done
Time for Trumpsters to infiltrate ANTIFA. It's a paying job!!!!! Arizona rally Tuesday!!
Lol, good luck
yes rand let's get it done soon
The Fed is your friend. Eases recessions and moderates inflation. Life would be much worse for everyone without the Fed.
More like causes recessions and inflation is nowhere to be found!
Good luck with that. Swamp animals turning on swamp animals.
Sen Paul, it's time to reel in an unconstitutional entity and audit it regularly. Place them under the Treasury.
1) Term limits are desperately needed! These people need to go in a timely fashion, not hang on for life and reap the benefits that the
American people aren't entitled to!
Consider this your first signature to move forward. Cut the fat. You'll find a lot of it.
of all people, you should know that the Fed needs to be audited.  #ENDTHEFED
@realDonaldTrump @stevenmnuchin1 YES!
Totally agree but fear for those that call for and act on that.
Do you just have this tweet set to go out every 6 months?
Please audit the Fed
Long over due. Too much waste!
It's time for you to go back to KY...kicking a million KY citizens off healthcare coverage means you'll be very busy....#urgentcare
What are the tactics to make this a reality?
You should send out constant reminders/lists of the Congressional reps that are for this and against this.
Shouldn't we audit Trump and HHS Dir Tom Price first?
Finally somebody made an excellent suggestion,materialize it
sure wouldn't  trust politicians to do it just go have lunch with some lobbyists
Really? @RandPaul
It was time thirty years ago
It's time to audit House & Senate members!
It's also time to audit congress & the lobbyists.
Wwwaaayyy overdue !!!!
The pentagon too.
That should be obvious and done constantly.  However I don't believe that anyone would be prepared for the report. And everyone knows that.
Tried to vote yes but not sure if it went through but support 100% if the President supports it as well as you senator! Thank you!
Over Due to many multimillion in federal government Crooks Rule American.
BETTER YET, WHY NOT QUESTION HOW MUCH GOV MONEY IS GOING TO THE TRUMP RELATED BUSINESS... WHY AREN'T YOU DOING YOUR JOB RAND? COVFEFE?
Way overdue.
BROVO!!! It's WAY passed time to audit these global leaches & banksters of the US...
Step 1 in releasing NY elite's financial stranglehold on America.
YES pls do!!!  AND a complete REPEAL of ObamaCare & real Tax Reform too #DrainTheSwamp #EqualJustice #Constitution #BillofRights  #MAGA.
It's time to audit you
Republicans & democrats are paid in full by foreign bankers, and without term limits you get what you get.
Yey, the'll turn off the light switch before that happens. Just my opinion but it's probably going to happen soon. I think there ready!!!
You think you're going to get republicans to agree on auditing the Fed when they can't agree on healthcare or anything?
Corruption going on on both sides.
Yes it is.  Wonder what would be found out?
ITS TIME TO REMOVE THE INSANE FROM THE WH.... GET IT DONE
Hard to rally while Antifa thugs run wild and Congress, IC, police, congress ect.. seem in stand down mode on everything
And the Pentagon
audit.  Audit..  AUdit...  AUDit....  AUDIt.....  AUDIT..... AUDIT!  AUDIT!!  AUDIT!!!  AUDIT!!!!  AUDIT!!!!!
Never.Gonna.Happen. It's painfully obvious, by the complete tearing down of @POTUS from inside the gov, exactly who is running the show.
Do it, Senator! We're with you!
Trump the businessman was elected to anelize & reduce Fed gov. HELP HIM!!
What doesn't need to be audited?  The whole health industry needs to be audited.
If we can just get people's eyes on the real issues that we face as a nation i.e. financial policy/sound money
- Audit Fed and NY DEM Y CLARKE WHO WROTE OFF $120K equip that Awan Family stole from her plus intel & Cash - Audit Fraud !
Get back to work and pass a damn bill!
YES!
Sounds good
Past time.
I think it's time to audit YOU, Rand... how about all that money you defrauded from Medicare?
Thank you Senator Paul for not forgetting about the american tax payer.
First audit...
Then grand jury...
Then end the fed.
Great Idea
It was time 50 years ago. Why can't Congress get this done?  Because the FED is a PRIVATE COMPANY that does not benefit the American citizen
It's also time to declare AntiFa a terrorist group just as New Jersey Homeland Dept DID IN JUNE
@tedcruz @JohnCornyn @replouiegohmert
Amen about dam time
That's right. It's also time for term limits in the house and the senate. Two terms congress two terms senate, no retirement package. Servic
I'm all for auditing the Fed, but let's watch the eclipse first. Thanks @NASA!
Audit POTUS first
LoL...yawn getting old now
This is something both liberals and conservative should agree on and support. All Americans should support this. It's very important.
Absolutely agree.
Your ability to stay focused on real issues is commendable. Any Senator not working with you is foolish. @realDonaldTrump
Time to audit congress gor inability to do work of people for selfishness for corruption and for laziness
Yes Sir...lets get this done...
Not just the Fed but the entire Federal Government...
1) I ditto that!  For the life of me, I don't understand why nothing is being done to help our innocent children,
It is time for you to support the President.  You will fall off the fence soon.
Blessed, YES! Fulfill Jefferson's hope.
@realDonaldTrump could bring the country together on this, and fixing the tax code. Make people ignore Antifa.
It's been time, Rand. Get em.
Audit what? It'll say they're doing what they are empowered to do. People just don't realize what that means (most don't care).
I don't believe most don't care, as much as many are ignorant to what's going on in politics. All the people need to be educated about...
What can I/we do to ensure this gets approved? I support 100%. It makes great sense to audit the Fed, since they can audit us! #AuditTheFed
It's BEEN time for 2 decades!
So will it pass with our corrupt congress & senate?
yes!!!
It was time 8 years ago
Yes. Hot potato from several past presidents (including Bill who manipulated the fed, created internet bubble and road post Cold War pop)
Audit the Fed then you'll see the Truth about the Crimes commuted against us by Kenyan Barry.
Emoluments Clause being ignored. Secret Service budget in the red.  Do your job & audit Trump family. #ImpeachTrump
This kind of remark shows how people do not think.
Actually it shows how sick we are of paying for Trump's dalliances while working people look for ways to pay their mortgage & health care.
Needs to happen ... both parties are to blame for the unchecked growth of the fed
It's time for you to retire or you and other RINOs should stand with @POTUS   After all, the majority of the country did. 
Maybe you should start paying attention.
It's time for your boy Trump to release his tax returns
Oh FFS Rand the Fed is audited by THREE INDEPENDENT AGENCIES! How about auditing someone WE know is ripping off America#theFedSavedReagan
We in Kentucky have THE MOST USELESS senators. Do your job! Hold a town hall #coward #VoteLibertariansOut #FREEKENTUCKY #townhallNOW
You want to save money and reduce fraud? Start with the Orange Menace. In 7 months he has MAXED OUT the Secret Service OVERTIME. 70 days OFF
Time to #EndTheFed. #Bitcoin is going to #DrainTheFiatSwamp $BTC
Over $100T were misspent or embezzled, so taxpayers have a #9A & #1OA right to an impartial undependent audit
It's been time for a long time!!!
#StandWithRand
You say that every year and every year you're right. You need to expose those that refuse and make them state their reasons on record.
Prez cheesy hands says no to your agenda.  #chaosprez
They must have gotten their ducks in a row of it happens...ie: the theft is done and covered up
Start w/mitch McConnels 24 million in 6 yrs with a $193,000 a yr salary.Tell us how to do that.Good starting point.end swamp of both sides
You need to be publicly DENOUNCING your fellow Republicans who are trying to censor President Trump.
Rand, ignoring Trump's mental instability doesn't clear your culpability!  No exec orders or policy signing under an incapacitated POTUS
The only ones with a mental disability is the democrats
It's about time.Let's do it.
Very safe target of action. How about putting your A** on the line for Trump agenda.
Amen
Audit?  Sure, after we end it.  No compromises on the truth, that's how we got to where we are now.
The result of an audit will show why it should be ended.
I'm glad SOMEONE in DC is bringing this up!  It seemed to get lost post election...
It's also time to audit special intrest and lobbyist influence on govt spending and waste/fraud. Why don't Politicans care about that?
U R 1 of the most honorable Senators! Thank u 4 what u do.
