What will we get for bombing Syria besides more debt and a possible long term conflict? Obama needs Congressional approval.
There are universes before bombing Syria. Trump & Paul are atrempting to pull an Obama & frame it as a binary choice. I will say that 1/
Pointing out dollar cost isn't necessarily wrong. Framing it as binary is wrong.
in this f'in criteria given the events it was insensitive & typically f'in LP. What a GD loser. I'm about to break shit.
Calm down. I detest that it's gone on this long & tbat tbe pitz in office is Fng it up. But this needs to be deliberate instead of rash. 1/
I'm w/you on this. I think the best course of action is to wait and be prudent in whatever we do.
I'm glad Rand never had a medical career. I can imagine him letting someone die in front of him because he wasn't "getting anything" for it.
Yeah, but chemicals shouldn't be what gets us into anything compared to the tens of thousands of ppl killed, mostly by ISIS/AQ types
So ignore the 500,000 because 10,000 of them died from a cause you don't approve? What kind of evil shit did your mother spawn?
You're the one crying out for blood. My country doesn't have a responsibility to do ISIS' fighting for them. You're the evil one
So you would have stayed out of WW2 also, by this logic? Which means you have no idea how to use logic.
Well there was that Pearl Harbor thing and the fact that Germany declared war on us shortly thereafter so...
...not enough yet? Still need more reason to do the right thing? More rubles? What do you need to convince you?
you see, there's this thing where being ATTACKED on your own territory isn't the same as someone else's war. Life isnt a comic book
Less nerve gassed babies. There is a cost for non intervention as well Senator.
This war was started by the CIA. They fomented it and armed all these jihadist  rebels. #PawsOffSyria #noneocons #MAGA
Yah your boy Trump sure sounds like he's ready to start something Now. Reality is a bitch that way.
He'll lose my support if he does. This is the thing that will do it. If he allows the neocons to control him I'm done with him.
If Assad keeps gassing women and children he isn't going to have a choice.
last times these attacks happened they were fake by rebels to get us involved
Three times there have been attacks verified by a U.N. inspection team by Assad.....including this one. The time for peace is over.
I think that is total nonsense.  Maybe you mean white helmets
What say U @RealAlexJones ?  Will U RT this old tweet from @realDonaldTrump ? U know @POTUS is wrong now & was correct in 2013! Speak truth!
AGAIN,TO OUR VERY FOOLISH LEADER,DO NOT ATTACK SYRIA-IF YOU DO MANY VERYBAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN & FROM THAT FIGHT THE  U.S. GETS NOTHING!
Once that anti-Christ is on seen, meaning that a seven year treaty has been forged with Israel for false peace, great trib time.
That was when we wanted to believe Obama and Kerry that Syria had no chemical weapons. Glad the #POTUS  is willing to make tough decisions.
There is intelligent life in the US !!! Thank you for voicing outrage! I'm with you !
I'm a libertarian, but you can't stand by and do nothing. The UN and US need to establish safe zones, with consequences for violation
Do we have any evidence assad did it??Or we just going what white helmets said?
No. The fundamental difference is a single strike on soft targets, vs a prolonged military engagement exceeding 30 days.
maybe CIA get some blackmail on Trump and now is free to manipulate him
Sorry, but you gave OBAMAHOLE the authority to do this back then! He just chose to pick shit from his teeth instead! It was not RECINDED!
Do we even know if Assad did the gas? Pretty sure it was Al QuedA, just like 2013 when Obama told us it was Assad
We the People have really screwed up this time
Obama was a gutless lazy pig
The second part isn't true now... Need change Obama for Trump in the sentence...
Obama was never President, Obama was never an American, Hillary won President and didn't even know it because Demarcates didn't want a woman
At the end of the seven years, Armageddon will happen and Jesus himself will completely destroy the anti-Christ and opposing nations.
By the way, that includes all armies who come against God and Israel. So, Islam ain't running nothing. God is in control. Read the scripture
Just as true, we should never have pulled out of an existing war early and made room for the arrogance of small men.
So you don't mind turning a blind eye to the deaths of 200k people Rand?
=> Trump will have those "terrible" Russians bomb Assad's Air Force.
Well that will be interesting since Russia supports Assad.  BTW remember that loyalty is a good thing & blind loyalty is dangerous.
=>Putin will choose US over Assad.
No. Putin is a former KGB agent who has political rivals murdered and dreams of reconstituting Soviet Union. Not our buddy.
=>Putin's choice: Assad or US? Ahh... US
Putin is a staunch ally of Iran & Syria & if he does any choosing to align w/U.S. it will be short lived; Bible prophecy even involves them.
I'll bet @realDonaldTrump won't respond and the MEDIA will do NOTHING to promote @POTUS  old tweet! @DRUDGE_REPORT where U at? RT this Bro!
If you can sleep at night after seeing what was done to children and not want to do anything you need to soul searching!!!
Rand Paul, You need to watch this!
@realDonaldTrump  And he did send it to Congress. Knee-jerk reaction to an ugly visual. #showDonaldTrumptaxes
@real Donald Trump Please, Please, Please don't go into Syria. Remember your job is to protect us not the world.
@realDonaldTrump this was before he was briefed with classified info from his intelligence team.quit being a dick and support him
Doesn't pass the smell test. Looks like another CIA false flag attack.
al-Assad was defeating ISIS, and winning his civil war. Why would he gas his own people, and turn the whole world against him?
Rand Paul becomes relevant again? I hope so.
@robdelaney @realDonaldTrump What, that Obama needs congressional approval? I think you missed the boat on that one, buddy.
Thank you for being a voice of reason. It is horrifying to watch the war machine moving so fast. No time for thinking or protest #SyriaHoax
No time for innocent until proven guilty. No time for considering other options. No time to talk to Assad. Just have to use those missiles.
You are a Traitor. And you are just mad that you got no attention. What if that was one of your kids that got gassed. Dumba*s!
So it's ok for good people to stand by when innocent people including children are poisoned/ murdered?
Praise from the globalists is all he will get
Actually, @POTUS44 made a #mistake on that one! #NobodysPerfect
@NatShupe What in Hell does Obama have to need for this? he started this crap and trump will finish it.
It's all just part of the global world governance agenda.
U.S. 'backed plan to launch chemical weapon attack on Syria and blame it on Assad's regime'
John f Kennedy did not consult with Congress at start of Cuban Missle Crisis. President Trump is our Commander in Chief Head of Armed Forces
Need congressional approval to go to war. Syria/Russia also failed in their agreement to eradicate chemical weapons, no matter who used them
I don't know about you senator?! What did you expect him to do? Sit and watch while they keep their chemicals weapons?
I wish you were President
. @RandPaul Rand u r suffering from paradigm paralysis. Thank God U didn't get elected @POTUS @FoxNews #Syria
Woot!
if he remained out you'd attack him he takes actions and you attack him you can't have it both ways
He is President Trump Now. No. He Doesn't need Congressional approval.
Assad is gassing his own people
Yeah, but Obama was a pussy, couldn't even back up his "red line in the sand."
RU working with R President Mr Paul or still Supporting "OB" ???
Amen no war in #Syria
Your opposutiin posturing makes you look ridiculous. Those silly curls, weird outfits do t help either. Go back to medicine.
Oh shut up Rand.
you have to make a statement on where we stand. Long term conflict???? We've been meddling there for multiple administations
Welp, thanks for being on the Republicans I'm agreeing with here. Hey war-people: didn't say 'stand around' he said 'Congressional approval'
Thank you Senator for standing by the constitution. We don't this action by our President @realdonaldtrump. #nowarinsyria
Do we actually need Congressional approval for a minor air strike? He's sending a message and nudging the Middle East Coalition to step in.
@aishatyler @realDonaldTrump weren't you golfing with Orange man yesterday?
Because Obama was great abt working with Cgress. Don't care that he's a Dem and Cgress is Repub. Obama went rogue # of times and screwed up
Who knows, could all be bs, that old tweet is odd, what's right?
What do u gain but second guessing actions that are NEEDED? POTUS has regulated legal authority to do so. He was talking as private citizen
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds
So do you support this or not 
We are tired of this dictator killing Indiscriminately its time for a no fly zone and stop him from flying.
The entire world has sat back and done nothing until last night 1 man did what the rest of the world refused to do
...then how can you vote to change the rules in Congress?  You can't have it both ways.  #StopGorsuch
until they used deadly gas on innocents. Times change and so do reactions.
Absolute rubbish
I agree
And yet when Obama saught congress approval they refused. Term limits, term limits, term limits.
But great photo op on the golf course last week, huh? What's the scam you & trump discussed?
tell the CIA that
He will do the same with North Korea.Isil.he doesn't need no body.this is his called.America young men getting ready for war.
Obama SOUGHT Congressional approval. They could have acted
Rand- JUST SHUT UP PLEASE! Jesus, just shut up for a change
Done is done. What now?
I say we rebel. We were very clear on this, no more regime change. Whatever excuse they give us is a bald faced lie. #Berner #MAGA #HORDE
Trump just demonstrated the military is with him. Not a good idea
That's what the snub nose pistol AKA Saturday night special is for you wimp. We'd never start a head on fight regardless. That'd be stupid
You going to team up with Antifa? Or join the other libs in their safe spaces? Face it. Your only option is converting to islam
AHAHA! Fuck their safe spaces! weak mind cowards....they'll probably be no help, Rachel Maddow is pushing for war as we speak.
Yeah but you need someone people actually care about. Maddow's a clown
And nothing in comparison against ISIS whose membres are slaughtering civilians !
@edwardedark @realDonaldTrump 
Yes sir. Thank you Senator Paul for showing leadership and courage on this
SENATOR WHO DOES PROTECT THE BABIES WHEN THEY ARE GASSED?
Result is different
Think, do you actually think gas would not be used on our troops if we don't nip it in the bud, did you see those children or even care?
If he waits for congressional approval he will need to wait a year before taking affirmative action. Can't you see this ?
Quite likely you'll receive respect and results that Syria won't reoffend
Genocide & wmds merit strong response; they also merit Congress' approval, not advance warning to target via Russia. #NoKabukiWar
VERY DIFFERENT TIMES.
All we have to do is look at Iraq, lybia and what Iran use to look like before we got involved.
no leader in world should feel capable of using chemical biological weapons without repercussions especially against civilians. Trump 100%
All we get with congress & Intelligence are leaks and obstruction. Ask congress, and Assad would know every detail of attack. Wake up Paul!
Is Trump so naive to believe this false flag made to justify bringing down Assad? or were the lives of his family threatened?
You've had years to propose and pass authorization to cover such "red lines" as chemical or biological weapon use. Stop posturing.
If you guys would give POTUS at least a little support we may be able to move forward as a nation.
Sent from this little tirade means nothing compared to the compounding interest payments that need not exist.  Don't lose focus.
Problem is, he would get it if he asked for it
Yr an appeasers.
Ah your back?
Trump just cleared the path to WW3 !
so smart trump bombed the main airbase against #daesh in syria...
#leaking are we?
Sound of war strange when played by a #OneManBand.
Remember When #donaldtrump opposed attacking #Syria without approval of #Congress? #PepperidgeFarmRemembers #ArticleOne #WarPowers #tcot
You may not like it, but a message needed to be sent. This is not war
Sir you wouldn't have the balls to protect my children if they were victim to a has attack.  U would roll over. You could never handle POTUS
Bomb the shit out of them.
Hindering their ability to use Chemical weapons in the future is a good thing
Paul virtue signaling for his troops.  Consistent, but tiresome.  Inside he's cheering.
#IStandWithTrump #RhinosOut
Learning by Obamas failure to address the Syrian issue has lead to more death of innocent children and refugees. Time for a change in policy
That was years ago! Things change! Pipe down!
@realDonaldTrump Boy, what a unifier.
No. Assad was "testing the waters"in most disgusting way.killing kids to see what Trump would do about http://it.Now  he knows.
The response was limited and appropriate.
Are all of your statements from 2013 still operative! Doubt it. Adults adjust with new facts. Don't be ignorant.
Well,  one thing we might get, is that babies will no longer be gassed. Unless, <gasp> you don't care about babies.
OMG the crazies are out tonight.   Let me guess,  Bush took down the Towers in NY on 911.  Thank you for the chuckles, that was cute.
You forgot to use all caps so I would know you really really mean it  I didnt swallow your false flag bullshit so there is that going for me
50 Tomahawk missiles are not a war, they are a moral message against chemical weapon use; no Congressional approval required for that.
Lets fucking hope it stays at that.
Okay, so he changed his mind. Hell, women do it all the time......
Rand couldn't B more wrong-When a govt(Assad)chooses 2gas&kill innocence, as Saddam did 2the Kurds, a never 2B crossed LINE has been crossed
NOT A THOUGHT OR CARE ABOUT SAVING MEN-WOMEN & CHILDREN FROM BEING GASSED AND BRUTALLY MURDERED-IT SHOWS EVERYONE JUST HOE SICK THEY THINK
What do you think- stand back and not help the ppl.
I agree that Safe Zones need to be established.
Rand just when I start to like you, you do shit like this. Can you please at some point back your Commander and Chief
Ratings?
@AnnCoulter No conditions have changed and we need a strong message to reset the pecking order; I think the U.S. just stepped up!
Well did Obama get Congressional approval? I don't think so.
Most of you tweeting on this feed should have McMaster's and Tillerson's job. Sounds like you all have it figured out.
You know, that comment is EXACTLY why you were not chosen as the Republican candidate.
Get on board with  your POTUS or shut the hell up Senator! Different time different situation!
This is why you aren't president @RandPaul you're stuck in 2013 He bombed where they were going to release more chemicals weapons. Smart!
Trump master of sideshow diversion

Launches bombs on same day GOP tears up rules of Senate to steal SCOTUS seat. 

It's not a coincidence.
You and your conspiracy believers are once again proven foolish, as US Military witnessed Syrian planes deliver chemical attack.
he wasn't president then
a message sent and understood. ..... Obama is not in charge anymore.  New Sheriff in town
do something about it Rand. wtf is wrong with you?
So much for bromance between Rand and Donnie. Sad.
Seems like the people who screamed about chemical warfare are now screaming about Trump sending tomahawks SMH
So disappointed in @realDonaldTrump right now. @jaredkushner is poison, he should be listening to people like @RandPaul
#ChemicalAli, a stroll down memory lane... - https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ali_Hassan_al-Majid … - @Wikipedia 

#Syria
#AttackOnSyria
He's gotta do what needs to be done!!!
Not so. Things change in three years. Let this country get back some respect that it has lost over the past few years. Respect can deter war
There's a difference between bombing and gassing! You can not let anyone do that. Last thing anyone needs is for gassing to be the norm
Senator, we need your strong leadership in Washington more than ever! God help us..
2be honest, I'm have mixed feelings on this. Not sure Assad did the gassing, but now world knows our POTUS won't tolerate inhumane actions.
I agree but at least Trump has balls & used them to a least try to save women & children Nobody else in the world did anything !!????
Wow! What a bunch of gutless pussies following Rand Paul. Message delivered for once!  NK, Russia, Iran are paying attention for once.
No, I just don't think all the worked problems are my problems as an  taxpayer. Much larger scale atrocity in Somali as we speak.
I'm so proud of my President!!! Thank you President Trump for making us strong again and making us proud again.
Where's the congressional approval? IE declaration of war. Just bomb them illegally Barack Bush Trump.
Actually I think that I will be call President Trump, George Barack Trump from now on.
Where in the constitution does it say the POTUS requires congressional approval for limited military strikes? Trump didn't delare war!
A punch in the nose to halt chemical weapons is not a declaration of war.  Grow up protectionists! RP always right in his mind, gets nowhere
@ron_fournier @realDonaldTrump Sen, back President,  finally US has leadership,  no more Benghazi
Yea I don't agree with this now. We started this war now it's time to finish it
Congress is nothing but a bunch of career politicians that can't get anything done for the people. #termlimits
Not true. Rand has always backed off from any conflict like Obama.  We have to put them on notice
This is my first real disappointment in #Trump. Curious to see the follow up, cause I think the false flag truth will reach his desk later.
That statement was made BEFORE USA was flooded with the refugees, some containing  animals that kill our own. Sh*t happens...sh*t changes!
Times & horrible killings make us change.  We didn't go to war until Japan sneak attack on Pearl Harbor.  We changed quickly.
Mate you can't just allow barbarians to keep pushing at your doors. This is how Rome fell. As much as it's "wrong' to call islam Barbs,
They act like it. with all their terrorist attacks, all the shit happening in Europe. You either take over or destroy in the end.
Who is convincing Trump of this fool's errand!?
Your golfing buddy turned on you
With one act, the spirit of great optimism has turned bitter. Our political system has failed us once again.
Let's be behind our President here please.  This has gone on way too long ...
POTUS should have you as an advisor, he can benefit from your intelligence.
Ditto
we just bombed assad base.  let the games begin
Does not chemical warfare change all rules?
$1.4M for each Tomahawk
@michael_svec @realDonaldTrump thing quoted tweet didn't age well Michael
ALL BECAUSE OF A VIDEO!!!
We have a choice to do nothing and let the atrocities continue or we can send a clear message that we will not tolerate chemical weapons.
You are a great guy but not the President. Know your role
What is your alternative plan?
What are you going to do about it? You didn't seem motivated to investigate #russiagate? Do you care that he started a war w/out Congress?
we will see how u react sen paul b/c n 2013 I believe u felt the pres has 2 come to congress 1st
You guys going golfing again anytime soon?
Surprise!!!!!
You're as clueless as you were in 2013, Rand.
We should just do nothing when a county slaughters its innocent citizens? WW2? Come on... we love you but no, you are myopic.
Depends on what really happened... I agree Congress should help deside. But Congress some times takes to long to do its job. I Worry.
This bombing is bs! There are humanitarian issues all over the world caused by civil wars.
Cruise missle have been launched-->https://youtu.be/btXZoAqLyDI  Can avoid d Russian #hornetsnest & presume ts tactic 2 stop d chemical #warfare
