Ur fake
I've seen 0bamaCare up close and personal and love every bit of it.  You aren't more important than me.
So build a better plan. You need to cover MORE people with BETTER care for LESS cost. Where is that?
That is a very true statement mor coverage, more care, for less cost. Now if someone could figure out a way to make that happen.
That's the politicians' job.
Why,health care doesn't have to come from the government. I'm 58  and have never relied on the gov. for my health care
Well, congratulations!  I gather you'll be refusing Medicare coverage in seven years, then?  Or not getting an ACA plan if you retire early?
John is independently wealthy and will never ever need govt care. He also doesn't want anyone else to have govt care. He's cool like that.
But you don’t hate it enough to GET RID OF IT before we end up with #BernieCare
Do you actually trust lindsey graham to do anything right?
Then when are you going to give us a plan that works? We are running out of patience with the fake promises of the GOP to replace & repeal!
It's not ur choice paulie is we the ppl and we need it
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  Thank you Senator Rand @SenJohnMcCain
yet there are alot of his constituents on the ACA ????? HUMMM who is he working for after all?
And those forced into ACA would choose better, cheaper plans if allowed. 
Consumer choice beats coercive manipulated markets every time.
Maybe the ACA is more afordable!
do the right thing for million Americans vote yes with your party or change your party.
Agreed.. Rand Paul please support Trump!
Quit Cashin your Chk if your not gonna do ur job. We didn't elect a grandstander we needed representation . We got a BigMouth self serving-
As a rich politician u could care less about us
Well the GOP had 8 yrs to come up with a replacement...so get to it!
It's easy to stand and throw rocks. Let's see some positive input
Your fake what DEM pays u today
I didn't know he was a r?!
Government has no place in healthcare. Free the ppl from this scam. ObamaCare is nothing more than catastrophe insurance at premium prices.
then vote for Graham-Casady
I don't trust anything from lindsey graham!
Fk Ayn Rand.
YOU HATE, YOU HATE.  How about how we the middle class feel?  The taxpaying citizens.  Everything's about the poor. We are sick of them.
No it isn't.  Give back to states, let ppl. have more control.  I can't even call McConnell..his voice box is full.  I want this back to St.
Then this is the time to repeal &replace. As a doc..please support  Trump!
The do nothing democrat fro Kentucky rand Paul. What a liar.
Sorry, doctor
I used to believe in PAUL he's a bit of a rhino at times
He's a rhino because he opposes obamacare and doesn't want to replace it with virtually the same thing?
Please Mr Senator Paul, vote this week to repeal the obomacare. I pay 1,400 per month premium with a 9,000 deductible and I can't afford Dr
Ridiculous Sen Paul, even by your standards!
You and McCain are the worst.
So glad to someone saying to allow insurance to be sold across state lines. Why is that so radical?!  - Thank you for saying so again.
Doctors hate it because they can't overcharge a patient like they used to before Obamacare, bunch of fucking PIRATES!!!!!
yeah dude they used to overcharge patients which is why paper was made extinct everything's on computer now
the HIPPA law will take the license of any Physician caught overcharging clients, they hate that shit bud!!
RandPaul you won't vote for anything unless it's your idea.
Then since your a Doctor why not help make a better health care? Hmmm?
He votes no on everything just to get an interview McCain also
The republicans dont start doing there jobs well have all new ones No care must go U don't want to be replaced like the Dems The dead beats
I hate it too, in fact everything Obama did. A corrupt Man and President.
So when faced with the choice to do something other than ObamaCare you vote no. You are on a fool's errand seeking perfection. Compromise.
SNOWFLAKES =government handouts
I want this healthcare issue resolved like any American But Rand Paul is right about this Bill. It's 1.2 TRILLION dollars. No good
We are sick of you!
Why haven't  any of your suggestions been looked at by congress?   I think it is ridiculous that there hasn't been a real repeal bill yet.
Then help! Chip away at it bit by bit if that's what it takes! Vote for the first bit, repealing the mandates! Please sir!
Your best chance to repeal it is to start by disclosing Obama care.
#RepealAndReplaceObamaCare
Tell that to the MILLIONS of people it's been helping
You know healthcare work is a choice and there are many choices for physicians, nurses and they pay handsomely....Silly remark.
At least vote for something better.
Me too
Please see that Juan Williams reads or listens to this.  He stated 60% of ppl believe Ocare is viable.  That is such a bogus statistic.
He probably means 60% of Democrats
I hate single payer, even worse! Knock it off & help us!
Now as patient that's supposed to reassure me? You sound like u have your agenda which has little to do or of benefit to patients/the sick
Paul, if you don't vote in favour of the Graham-Cassidy bill next week, your time in the Senate is over! Don't screw America again.
Another Obama mess rational people must now fix
Rep. 7 yrs !! Brags came up empty package for our President !! 
I like the idea of being able to buy across states that would bring the cost down
It definitely hurts the independent pharmacies in Kentucky. We are in desperate need of a change from Obamacare or anything similar.
The price being charged for health care services and medicine is just as much of  the problem. Insurance can never become affordable
I hope you vote NO on #GC Bill. It’s the worst Trumpcare ever.  It’s murderous and evil. Very bad for Americans. Vote NO!
Congrats Faux News for missing the point that even tho Rand Paul hates ACA, he still won't vote for new bill.
Than as a physician do something to HELP instead of COMPLAINING!! All @RandPaul ever does is critique! How about try being part of solution!
Pre-existing conditions is OBVIOUSLY the cost driver. It's also the left's only argument. WE CANT ELIMINATE. Send to States is the only soln
We need the mandates need to go please.
Then please, please work to #repealACA  I'm a patient and I hate the fact that my dr has to fight bureaucrats for needed procedures.
Its time for you to give avg Americans a chance!Local states can manage their Healthcare better than Congress!Give the G/C bill your support
You "hate every bit of it" and yet you are the reason we will continue to suffer from it. #voteyes
I know u hate Obamacare if u don't vote yes on this new bill even though it's not perfect your name will be tied to Obamacare forever
Oh yes we know it's all about you Dr. Now if you would please get out of the way so we as a country can move on
Obamacare subsidies ceiling too low. It's set nationally. Should be by county median income levels
Please. Repeal it today.
vote yes on graham cassidy bill defunds planned parenthood, eliminates mandorty coverage, trump won't sign if preexisting not included.
Obamacare may not be the answer but the bill you are proposing is not either. Give us the insurance you have or take what you are giving
Thank You Senator Rand Paul, you stand alone and you stand for the TRUTH.
Well fix it already!
Be great, miracle from God, if Rand pulled McCain out of his hat and voted for rather than against.  Principals are great, so is compromise
How about just keeping your mouth shut for a while stop trying to promote yourself and work with your party to make Health Care affordable
How can you not vote to repeal and replace Obamacare. The new plan is much better than Obamacare vote for it and work from there
Then take baby steps to repeal it.
WHY DOES CNN ..MSN..CBS..  ALL THESE IDIOT'S ARE MAKING OBAMA CARE SOUND SO GREAT..  HOW MANY OF THEM HAVE OBAMA CARE..   WHAT MEDICAL USED
If u r against Obama Care why not vote 4 the upcoming bill Do u think u r  the only person who knows the only way 2 fix it Compromise
FACT;

IF "THATS IF" HE WAS A TEXAS TEA PARTY MEMBER "BOOM" HE WORKS WITH P-TRUMP & OTHER MEMBERS.

IDIOT LIKE HIS DAD.
Just support it Rand!
Then as Republicans join together and end this now!
STOP obstructing progress, Rand! STOP! STOP! Work with your colleagues and STOP obstructing!!!
Check his donors!
So, this idiots principals deny getting rid of Obamacare for millions! Why do kentuckians keep him in office? He doesn't care about anyone.
cont......(Compromise) It's what adults do, try It
Boo Hoo get over it and put Your big boy pants on, we (as in all of us) very rarely get exactly what we want, It Is called compromise
I second that emotion!
Rand Paul is looking for what is his perception of perfection. Ain't gonna happen. Vote for the G-C bill then improve it as necessary.
So...where is your office? #notarealdoctor
but we can only do what is possible otherwise every bit remains
Then do everything you can to replace. Fucking numbnut
I hope he rethinks his vote. 2018 election results will depend on the Congress to make some changes, no all to ACA. Just some progress now.
Repeat this until those that oppose get it through their thick pea brained craniums
Ron Paul is a narcissist&a phony Dr he's clueless&has a tendency 2 lie @ times.Another corrupt Republican.The house&senate is full of them
Fox News is a bunch of PATHETIC LIARS. LISTEN TO THE WHOLE CONVERSATION. 
Fox News is a bunch of PATHETIC LIARS. LISTEN TO THE WHOLE CONVERSATION. 
Fox News is a bunch of PATHETIC LIARS. LISTEN TO THE WHOLE CONVERSATION. 
@RandPaul do something...it's insane you drivel on about a perfect bill. Doesn't exist. Fix it!! All you do is complain. UR 'Dr. Complain'
you should dig in and get a few more senators to support you. Complete repeal or nothing. #PutPressure
Well then Mr Paul stop being a roadblock. #RepealObamacare
Repeal--OCare unconstitutional--this was forced down our throats--same for penalties
HELP SICK that have necessary issues cuz Obamacare Is not working!! #DOURJOB #HELP #UnitedweStand 
Me too
Seen is not having your personal healthcare corrupted by this Federal overreach. I am a healthy 60 yr old who cannot get long term insurance
When was the last time you actually practiced medicine?
@FoxBusiness @foxnewstalk @foxnewsradio @foxandfriends Does anyone N @GOP Besides Rand who'll Vote 4 a Blanket Repeal Come Hello  High Water
Because you're a GOP a southerner and a fool. Time to go honey
As cancer patient Ive seen #Obamacare up close, lost my doc, my ins plan pay more for less #FullRepeal Now @realDonaldTrump get fed govt out
As a cancer patient Ive seen #Obamacare destroy our medical care in USA lost my Docs, my Ins Plan pay more receive less #FullRepeal NOW
Senator Rand vote for the bill. It can still be tweaked at a later time after we do some swamp draining. Vote for it to get it started.
So you @RandPaul don’t like to get paid? Or are you saying that only the rich can afford your services?
Please help to get a repeal and replace passed!
But yet u do not propose a bill of your own & you look to obstruct a bill that will repeal Obamacare. Don't say u hate it & then do nothing
Sir, u are not helping, i get your point but u r insuring collapse that u cant fix
Please support our hard working President and fix as needed! You guys need a win
hey doc u speak w/forked tung! Don't ever think of running 4 Prez again.. Ur still angry at @Potus, sort of a sore loser!
So out of respect to our Kentucky cousins suffer more than most. LBJ TACKLED our common roots in 1966 or so. A repeat is what you want again
You need to stop being just a no vote. Compromise. This is the first step. It's better than Obama care.
You need to start being more than the no vote. Compromise this is the first step. You aren't going to get everything.
Health Covergae is not Health Care. People want affordable, accessible, and quality. Not about numbers who have coverage but good care #MAGA
U may hate it but it's better than no health care at all...
Yes, vote yes. It can be tweaked later. Earn your pay & let's get the show on the road. It doesn't have to be your way or the hwy.
Are you a practicing physician? If not you shouldn't mention. If so, please be specific on what you hate.
Apparently, as a physician you want the gravy train back at full speed. Long live the medical monopoly.
You haven't practiced medicine under Obamacare lying sack of crap!
Please end the mandates!
Then side w\ your Republican Senators. Voting against their plan means you want to keep ACA.
Besides being an Obstructionist isn't Rand Paul an eye doctor? He's not a. brain surgeon like Ben Carson. What is Ben Carson's opinion?
So you hate the failing OCare, you don't like Graham-Cassidy bill. If you don't get your way, it's no way & Americans suffer. Thanks Rand!
Mr. Rand Paul. So you should know better that this Will bankrupt the healthcare system and we will go into socialism healthcare.
Mr. Rand Paul we hate to say this but you are an empty suit. You cannot walk and Chew Gum at the same time without Falling.
There are countless numbers Americans without insurance currently it will only get worse unless you corrupt politicians do something now!!
Liar!
Get with Trumps program repeal and replace Obamacare just do it
Repeal it then! Do your job as a senator. Thank god you don't practice medicine any longer . Your inactions would kill somebody.
Aren't you a ophthalmologist, what healthcare insurance are you dealing with???
Please fix OBcare...not repeal it!
You're part of the problem!
Thank you Senator @RandPaul for not lying to me.
If you hate it so much, why do you continue to keep this crappy Obamacare, do something or you're out.
Yes y'all should have done straight repeal but this is a start for good insurance I don't have insurance need it so bad Please vote yes.
As a healthcare worker this bill is bad Not one HC organization is supporting this bill it will not help you
Explain why please in detail
One Does away with protection for pre existing conditions,
This piece of crap Obamacare is screwing up our entire healthcare system, get rid of it any way you can.
So why are you not working on a plan to replace it. Or is it that you are just another Rino
https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/about/about-bill …. Dr Cassidy's bill is better that losing
Then vote yes!  Fix later!!! I cannot believe you are against this!!! Enough!!!!
a HC that we CAN actually use! We NEED you to vote to simply take the first step in getting rid of obamacare!! PLEASE RAND PAUL, PLEASE!
Then stop show boating and help get something on the table!
..perfect with this group of representatives! U just won't! So, do what U CAN to help us on Obamacare who NEED off so we can find &afford/4
..idea and you will get all the votes you need with no compromise! Ur job happens to be all about COMPROMISE! You wont get ur idea of../3
..of representatives who represent different ppl with different ideas. Therefore, you have to give up the idea that you can present ur../2
Ok, RP, let's talk. Ya, I bet Ur idea about insurance might be really good, but the thing Ur not thinking about is, You are in a body../1
If you hate it so much vote it out!
You're the Republican version of Nancy Pelosi!
Obamacare is killing people and leaving them with no options. Time to put Obamacare to bed
Well yhanvwhy hasn't the Republican congress devised a new one?  Tell me something I don't know.
Can anyone imagine having Rand Paul as their physician?According to him, if there is no 100% guaranteed cure for a problem, do nothing.
More shovel loads of Subsidycare for the #medicalMatrix will only make it more malevolent.
Then repeal it!
He's an eye doctor who hasn't been board certified since 2005. When was he a practicing physician under ACA?
Bye bye Rand Paul! Sorry I ever supported you. My bad!
@sashalom @RandPaul Change Rand Change 1 point at a time if u hate obamacare! This is a change! U R 2 RIGID!!
Then vote for the Graham-Cassidy plan! It's either that or Obamacare remains in all its glory forever!
CALL YOUR SENATORS NOW & tell them to repeal.  GOOGLE for the name of yours and phone number NOW. You can leave a message Make a difference!
You must mean Ben needs a brain surgeon?
#StandWithRand #FullRepeal #FullRepealOrNoDeal
Appreciate you..
Then do something about it already!!  Sheesh!!  Stop whining and repeal and replace!!
Gov't funded primary care for citizens/legals, & we buy insurance for surgery/emergencies only. Funded by cutting back freebies to illegals.
As a citizen I'e seen Rand Paul up close and I ...better not say it.
He is an optometrist not a physician nor is he a regular practicing one...
#StandWithRand
REPEAL OBAMACARE! FULLY! Get the votes @RandPaul and make it happen! MAKE it HAPPEN then!
Always admired your principles, but wondered if you were too inflexible. Politics is the art of compromise.
Compromise! Get something passed! Vote Yes! Fight for changes later. Tired of paying you to do nothing! Re-election? Good luck with that!
Lead the fix or get onboard. Don't be the party pooper.
If you did present a bill would others get onboard?
Then do something about it!!!  Talk is cheap
Why haven't we seen your bill? You're all talk, no action. Disappointing.
He’s got platinum healthcare!
If you hate then move to end it
And you had eight years to come up with an alternative.
As hard to find a "physician" to say this as finding a "scientist" to deny climate change? Why not ask the  @AmerMedicalAssn #kochcare
Rand please introduce your own bill or help to pass and amend this one. Republicans MUST get something done!!
Your plan actually sounds Marvellous! @RandPaul
Well then stop voting against repealing it.
