The Freedom Caucus is in touch and in tune with its constituents by far more than any other caucus.  Job well done.  Many thanks
Freedom caucus just gave the Dems a majority.35 selfish congressman just handed power back to Dems
that healthcare plan presented by Ryan was dog shit.
what dog shit is the health plan we are now stuck with. WAKE UP
it was a tax break for the 1%, that was it. Take your party glasses off and use your brain.
I stand with Rand paul
I don't.
sucks for you. You must love govt control of healthcare.
So you prefer Insurance Companies control our healthcare?
how about you just pass a good healthcare plan that works for all Americans & be less concerned about repeal this/that for ur ego
had they passed the current plan, the middle class would have been screwed even worse.
you think it was going to be different under this shit plan? Give me a break. It was just a tax break for the rich
NOT.
Why am I tagged in your response?
go rand paul
@WolfensPride wow so we all SUFFER with ACA! It will NEVER be fully repealed! You will NEVER get people to give up handouts!
Obama left us a mess
agree but it will never be repealed so we better figure something out! People will never willingly give up welfare!
that's the problem yes Leftists promise & hook people on welfare,keeping them dependent It's a mess!
sooooo true! It just makes me sad for those in the middle that are losing everything because of this awful law!
I feel that way too When middle class shrinks that's serous Middle class is the backbone & shrinking
we R  middle class thankfully ours is covered. My friends on the other hand are not and can't afford! SICKENING!
I know:-( ours went up $400 & medicine is expensive esp as my hubby had a heart attack Scary It keeps going up
screwed the middle class class and your party at the same time...win for Dems and Planned Parenthood
@mprince_matthew Like you have been for 8 years and counting non?
I sure hope so. Sooner rather than later.
when?
we already have a leader, he's called Trump.  Rand LOST election and will NEVER org the coalition nec to repeal
one payer a catastrophe!
Good job senator. Don't get discouraged. We look forward to ur honest appraisal of bills that affect us that we don't get to see
then do it.
@SWFLBeachBabe  Never happen! Over now!
sorry as conservative I think you looked for ideal when better was best attainable solution no were stuck with bad
Your bill will  never happen.  Your opposition helped the democrats win.   Your bill can never get through the senate
@SWFLBeachBabe  Let OC explode let's watch what a great program it is!
unfortunately some Americans will be hurt & the republicans will be boxed into a fix rather than replace
Let them be hurt! They are the ones saying what a great health care it is! Good live with it!
When it is called Trump Care, I will know it is for real. Trump is smart. He didn't put his name on it. He will when it is ready.
PATRIOTS APPLAUD YOU RAND. WE WANT YOUR BILL AND YOUR CLEAR THOUGHTFUL MIND 2 REPRESENT US AND HELP STRUGGLING AMERICANS
Lose all insurance companies offering Obamacare, fed provide coverage continuing until we end up with a one-payer system?
@RepTomPrice had a replacement bill ready to go, how about starting with that one?
@drscott_atlanta I'm DISGUSTED with every Republican in Congress. This might be what finally gets me to leave the party. I'm ANGRY
do you have Ocare, is that why you r upset?
Yes. Had to give up my grandfathered plan for my company and go to o'care approved plan. More $$
 Sorry about that, but don't U think U cld do better if we went back 2009 and U buy from the market
Yes, I could do a lot better. We had lots more choices to choose from to meet needs of my emp
If my insurance is 12.5K an I have no income, how does a 5K tax credit help me? I'm all ears.
that is exactly what the people want #repealobamacare- @PRyan needs to go we do not want him, he works for corporations & not us
It's obvious you are still mad at @realDonaldTrump because of what he said about You! #MAG
Rands been advocating #repeal b4 trump was even running.
that's fine but I don't never get fully repealed! Now the middle class will continue to suffer
#Obamacare lite wouldn't have relived the cost to the middle class.. need full repeal !!
How's that working out?
@allheretr
America elected Trump NOT you
Thank you for not backing down!
after 7 long years once again Republicans cave GREAT WORK
and Dems own this Obamacare disaster- nice
unfortunately the country will see that a republican pres senate and house failed them
What happened, then? Was it not voted on... I don't remember. @RandPaul
"Conservatives" said "no dice".  Because apparently, despite all their rhetoric, they really want to keep Ocare
GOP governing of pinheads with you as lead Pin! Who do you think will follow you?
millions of smart voters ...
he has to legislate not just abdicate and bloviate remember how many votes he got for President
I look forward to your next election when we Kentuckians vote you out.
You better pray you keep him!
I can't respect these politicians who put Obama care on us but exempt themselves from it. Sorry I'm not a idiot
Hang in there. Rand is working for you. His bill is better than Ryan's bill and Freedom Caucus is in support.
@KimVanderkelen THANK YOU Senator Rand Paul for fighting for us !!!
he didn't do anything..Lol fight 7 years and still no plan
@LOIREMACAZO Tear Obamas care out and start new! U can't build a structure on a foundation of S***!!! That's what DC can't GET!!!
Agreed. Many feel that way - if you start with shit your gonna end with 

should of passed that Bill and then corrected in Senate.  Just can't take all gimies at 1 time. People freak out. Obama made sure
Keep up the good fight, Senator.
Rs offer nothing to the American people never have never will social media is down fall of Rs cant hide and lie anymore
Thank you, @RandPaul Keep up the good work.  We know that it is not easy.
@realDonaldTrump if we can't repeal, how about we enroll all federal employees.. including congress.  Good 4 goose..
Repeal Obamacare is mandate! Just do it! If desire to replace, do later. Don't let this chance be lost!
Sorry Sir, did not keep promise.  Did not repeal, nor had passing plan.  What was wrong with plan that was used and sent to Obama?
I hope you enjoy your term,it will be your last!
Great job respecting the American people! * high fives*
I voted for Prez Trump. Think he is a good choice. What can we do to get other speaker n place of Ryan? Not sure if  this was good
Thank you Rand we are blessed to have you representing us
are you drafting proposed legislation that can pass w/bi-partisan support?    If not why not?    whats it take to get going?
Where were you for the entire 8 yrs that Obama ran you over like  freight train.
Thanks a lot morons for letting planned parenthood stay! Last speaker of the house quit because of you calling you goofs & morons
Repeal to free market.  High premiums same as higher taxes.  Raise taxes openly to pay for subsidy.  GOP lower taxes????
Why do we need another hc bill? Just get rid of Obamacare entirely and pass 1 page bill to allow competition across state lines.
you all should have had a good bill ready. Get it fixed Mr. NO.  #RepublicanFAIL
Get 'er done!
Okay, u were against it, but, what are you for, and GET IT DONE! Legislate!
I'm with Rand. #FireRyan
No GOP plans will work, America is ready for western countries' like universal healthcare at 1/2 the cost not dictated by lobbyist
You all failed us. You and Democrats own obamacare. On to tax reform. Easier to be against everything than to help make us great.
conservatives must take over Party the uniparty Gop lite is dead...
please tell me how you plan to get passed the democrats. You are lying to Americans.
Do you have any idea just what an idiot you made all @HouseGOP members look like? Unite & Support @realDonaldTrump agenda #MAGA
Amen!! Keep up the fight!
How is it Congress can STILL not work when you folks are in charge?
@POTUS @RandPaul Work on the final bill needs to start now! It will take considerable time to collaborate, research, write, promote & pass!
I agree to continue working on it. It needs to be replaced. Full repeal is what is needed.Strongly believe,Mr.Ryan works for Obama
- A step closer to Socialism.. wtf .. cause chaos to keep our budget high .. GOVT BS.. UR fired.
It was an obvious move to give a huge tax break to the rich and fuck the middle class and the elderly.
You think the repeal bill was Obamacare Lite?
Rand Paul should be Speaker of the House.
@Flower_Power_Us Yes! Now it's time to wk w/Pres Trump and PASS tax reform!!
we really know this was about the Koch brothers. How can you even think about passing something that cuts ins to millions
Does "full repeal" include end to mandated pre-existing coverage?  Meaningless without that
I have supported you and your family from jump. Why are you so against @POTUS ? Please help me understand you? He rep all of yours
I pray that the unaffordable health care, ends soon. Those on fixed income could use a raise as well.
expect a nasty letter from Maxine,Nancy and Chuck.
@hale4jesus In our lifetime?
@FreedomCaucus Looking forward 2 you' all taking the lead this time & NOT the leader of the Deep State. #Ryan
How many years is it going to take?
thank u rand!
@RedRevolutionCA You are a real disappointment Senator Paul
@RedRevolutionCA 7 years and we got this. Reps would screw up a 2 car funeral
I sure the hell hope so. It's getting damn ridiculous!
Nancy Pelosi says thanks for your hard work.
just get It done!
#OCareVictim here. w/u 100%. U & FC only ones actually looking out for your constituents' interests. Onward to a REAL bill!
it's on u now but let obama care implode, that will b fun
PLEASE DONT BACK DOWN, YOU ARE VERY DEEPLY RESPECTED FOR YOUR CONSERVATIVE STANCE
holding you and the rest of the GOP to it.  You had 8 years to prepare and plan.  Get on with it!
we need a leader to step up and unite this party.   We have a big agenda and frankly nothing has been accomplished thus far.
You need to spearhead this Doctor. Ryan needs to resign!
@andersonDrLJA Keep grinding away Senator..let's get it done.
Now get the damned thing done and PASSED.U all stopped the first offering.U don't have much time.We the People R Watching
we need a new speaker too please
Thank you Senator :)  I wish you were Speaker of the House <3
@DanaMcKee16 I've asked when twice now. I won't hold my breath. Politicians are all talk
You are the man.  Keep up the good work for us.
@DanaMcKee16 When?
Beats me. Congress repealed Obamacare in2015. Seems like the guts to do repeal is only there when it will be vetoed
I'm talking about the future. When is Rand Paul going to get it done. If now now when?
they haven't kept their word YET.  Obamacare still law of the land.  Repeal Now!!!  Forget Replace!!
So get it done and support your president and the American Citizens!
@conserv2mysoul MORE LIKE YOU SCREWED AMERICANS AND WE WILL VOTE YOU ALL OUT!
How? When? Get on with it!!!
Continue to stand fast, persuade @POTUS to listen.  FC and principled conservatives are on Bannon's "enemy list", leaning to Dems
@drscott_atlanta No...you left us with full Obamacare and full funding of PP. Whike your objective is noble, it's unrealistic.
.@leighlwilk @RandPaul All due respect all @SpeakerRyan did was change the cover

Mandates, taxes, restrictions were all still present
Really? @drscott_atlanta @leighlwilk @RandPaul @SpeakerRyan
They can pass the 2015 bill under reconciliation rules. VP can override the parliamentarian
@thenewslinknews. What, another 7 yrs? Why don't we vote again to repeal Obamacare? We always win that one, Not!.
GOP voted to keep Obamacare after 7 yrs promising to repeal & replace. All Talk & No Action
Your plans won't fly either Senator Paul. It is time for universal carecare modelled after Germany. Public&private.
Fake it till you make it!  Good luck Sir.
please
You don't keep your word by charging sunsets waving flags, or end entitlements by scaring the crap out of old ladies
how come you guys didn't have a workable bill ready to go? @bayareahausfrau
The same thing they are always afraid of... they'll be called meanies and bad names. WHAAAAA!!! 
@RandPaul
we appreciate it. Thank you all.
And just how do you get 8 Democrats to go along with you to get to 60? Stop dreaming and get something done before it's too late!
@LoveuLynn either get the party together and get something done or get a real job.BTW  this Ocare disaster is real
@StacyBrewer18 Waiting.
@pamelava10 Senator Paul, you should head this up!!!!
@nlloving  do it already
@thaysvols Please replace Ryan and McConnel. Only then will things start moving #nomoreestablishment
No senator. You won't pass anything unless it's what you want, the rest of us be damned! No days off until it's done! Like me!
@RitchieJodi 
@LMM1952 Amen to that
@SteveDeaceShow won't happen now. Obamacare is on you
sir for once while GOP has power get something done & find out why McCain claims to be republican, confusing
thn what SenDemocrats will help in no way they are so pleased @ the fiasco caused and ppl like me are stuck with unaffordable care
@R_Love317 Rand Paul ain't going nowhere.
@karen58Romans  I hope it's sooner than later !
Trump might ignore you now and grab 20 or so dems for a bilateral nightmare, irresponsible risk and congress pays political price
Lol if u get the chance , You really think a bunch of rinos are gonna fast track your shit after what you pulled?
I'm wondering if u really think #FullRepeal of the #aca is really possible - with all due respect- sounds like someone is #high
I sure hope so.  I hope this doesn't come back and bite u in the ass c I like u but now I'm thinking u made POTUS look bad
Conservatives won't ask the girl to dance. I don't want 'Wall Flowers' making Laws. Just say NO! wasn't meant for Law Makers.
I'm with you on this @RandPaul - how do we make it happen?
what is it gonna take we elected u all to help w trumps agenda ! Either find a way or pay price next election
The fix.... Senate and congress need to retire with the same retirement plan and health care as the people they serve.
dont think it will happen but I so appreciate your tenacity Sir
Don't repeal #ACA, make it a competition 
1) Take out ALL mandates in #ACA
2) Pass the rest of your bill besides repeal
3) Wait
This will prevent Dems from saying you're taking away our healthcare AND provide people a free market choice that will win in time
@PatriotinOC Koch brothers paid for the no votes!
XXOO
sad to think you ever took the Hippocratic oath.  Or did you?
You know that we are too far down the road for full repeal. Become part of the solution.
Tea Parties must now draw down on Republican primaries.
Establishment will attack FC members.
It that what you call it "keeping their word" by doing nothing even with 8 years of prep time? We are not OK with this!
they only did it cuz Koch brothers threatened to revoke their funding
No senator they broke their word by keeping O care in place.   Look forward to writing lots of checks to eradicate them.
Bernie said it was his victory? Who is telling the truth?
@hoeifip Rand, you know it will never be repealed. Grow up and make it the best program for everyone.
Idiot
Work TOGETHER with Dems to FIX ACA for real people not you and your 1% friends
please just repeal..... A "right" tied to another's labor is slavery.
while your at it kick Paul Ryan out of any decision making. He is terrible and a RINO
...is obvious now.
Thanks for doing the right thing @RandPaul and  fighting to keep your promise. Why GOP couldn't pass the same repeal voted late last year...
@StarCoreOne02 when
@nick_mangene do not think it is going to happen. You blew your chance. Thank you. To think I am a republican.
If Obamacare isn't repealed will you resign?
@BrianFortier2 Yeah, because of their intransigence, we get to keep the ACA. Thanks, Freedom Caucus, the Democratic Party thanks u
you really are not bright...it didn't pass because it was poor legislation-a repeat of the crap that is currently
yep if shoe fits, unfortunately my threshold to stupidity is low...and I said you weren't very bright...
@deejjj234 rand shoulf have stood with trump
#FullRepeal
How soon?
@CobaltZann I have insurance thru work, but my deductible went from 1500. to 15k, does me no good, bc of the ACA
You are no better than Trump. None of you are. And the American people will show you that in the next elections. Buh-bye.
I'll believe a repeal when I see it. Strength through honor!!!
@andersonDrLJA The Republicans in the house and Senate are a joke get it together repeal and replace Obamacare.
Keep up the fight sir, keep their feet to the fire until it is done right.
.@RandPaul When?  Where is the Senate bill?  Can any Senate bill get 60 votes for cloture?

#justasking
@andersonDrLJA  Keep trying you can get this done. Ryan lied to Pres re 3 stages. Determination required. Go see Pres to explain
a freedom caucus of just males and white people.....What a FREEDOM caucus.
it is a freedom caucus because other demographics willingly chose to not join it.
so you know a ton of black people who share the same exact ideological perspective as those in the freedom
caucus?
and you know for a fact that people were denied, although they shared the same exact viewpoints?
really? Why were they denied?
really, list all of the people who have the same views as the freedom caucus and were denied entry. I can't think
Thank you and the Freedom Caucus for standing your ground, we know you have Americans best interest in mind. #MAGA #AHCA
President Trump needs to Talk to Rep Louie Gohmert!

Take a page from the tech sector: Don't use legacy systems. Introduce Healthcare 2.0. 

Just one thing: IT BETTER WORK!!!
and what year will it be when you do that?
@andersonDrLJA it not who you stand with it is who going to stand up an the job for American do the right thing you will be back
Are you collaborating with Amash?
Someone explain why we can't 1: repeal; 2: open up insurance across all state lines; 3: allow purchasing only coverage desired.
@JoeNBC @MMFlint @KeithOlbermann @jheil  The only promise is health care for all. Anything short of that is simply politics.
@andersonDrLJA if YOUR repeal was so good where was the vote? Yep, it was politics!! America is on to you also #draintheswamp
@andersonDrLJA  Thsnk you, Dr. Paul.  Keep fighting.  Repeal obamacare, at announced future date  Give people a chance to scramble
Thank you!  Full repeal please
Ask @SpeakerRyan why you couldn't give @POTUS the EXACT SAME repeal bill that ALL @GOP voted to give Obama?
REPEATEDLY
@andersonDrLJA care for everyone, BUT close door of immigration &healthcare theft, cross state lines,HSA, group small biz #DOITNOW
@andersonDrLJA If you have a better plan then get it to the President an get it passed easy to talk 
@andersonDrLJA RP I DONT ALWAYS AGREE WITH YOU BUT WHEN IT COUNTS YOU ARE ALWAYS ON THE RIGHT SIDE IT SEEMS ...THANKS
If your repeal bill was so good why wasn't it used? I know "politics" you continue to play politics with Americans livelihood
@andersonDrLJA I pay $354wk for my wife and son. No coverage for me, I pay a penalty for that. I work 2 jobs. Nobody cares
Where is my violin to play along with your sad story? #trumpcarefail
@andersonDrLJA I agree. Please get it right! My healthcare is so HIGH anyway what's another year. Make it a good plan.
