I'm a fan of yours but why all this? Don't u have healthcare? Taxes? and other things??
This is why middle class is so frustrated!!!
War excuses the government to remove our liberties and it's literally bankrupting us all.
Just when I thought "We Should Elect War" was best new Stupid, I see this. This comment reaches a new level of Stupid! Read some History!
LOL
You said it so you own it. About as non factual as anything I've seen. Go to the library & read the economic impact of war. Centuries of it!
Teeheehee
Facts are facts and Far Leftist have much difficulty with the facts. They watch lots of CNN & MSNBC & actually believe the Propaganda!
War only looks economically good if consumption is your sole gauge for economic value and only then because govt spending. SMH "leftist" LOL
I'm a leftist but I commend Sen. Paul for this. I literally will never vote for him but respect him doing this.
If war is necessary people should vote for it not do this. Allowing this to continue just sets up non ending war, abuses of the Presidency
One thing we can always depend on in life is seeing new levels of Stupid achieved. Obviously this "People Should Elect War" is one of them!
What? That's how war is supposed to be declared, by the congress. Read the Constitution!
Congress gives the President far reaching powers to wage war. 9/11 was the catalyst for that. Read the laws on the books & learn something!
It's only a victory if it passes. Spoiler. It won't.
It could expose some folks who vote against. In crossing my fingers that Bernie votes against.
Bernie will vote for it
Dem Senators "scared" of Trump starting wars.  We will see on tomorrow's AUMF vote, won't we? Or were Dem Senators acting?
Will be interesting. Who is bought and paid for by the war machine?
I am trying so hard to believe you actually believe in this you're trying to pull, but I'm just not getting there. #RINO
Learning from Vietnam, the Warmongers have completely co opted the music and Movie industries, as well as the Clergy to pitch War fever.
This bill falls in line with what 0bama said he wanted (2016 UN speech). It ensures Trump isn't Commander in Chief. It means things like...
...2003 invasion doesn't happen even though Putin had been warning our gov that Saddam Hussein was planning attacks on US after 9/11...
"Anti-war" people never mention that Putin's intel justified Iraqi invasion or that an Al Qaeda leader was arrested in Iraq in 2006...
We've had greater peace under Trump. With this bill we'll have more wars again for the sake of pipelines & choking nonmusslim countries...
Looking at 0sama binIaden's history, this is what he would have wanted.
Voting to have Senate follow the Constitution?
You know only the DeepState and the Globalists are craving for war. Great job and good luck! 

#IStandWithRand
Still waiting for anti war people like @GreenDay @systemofadown @MMFlint from the bush era to still care about this.
The power to declare war constitutionally belongs to the Congress because they represent us and answer to us. Not to just one man.
Turn the other cheek to Islamists and they will cut your head off. Even Jesus had Zealots among his 12; Judas & Simon. Vote NO. Keep AUMF.
.@RandPaul, I've uploaded your incredible speech in full to YouTube. 
Thank you, sir.
Should be president!
where can I find how each senator voted regarding this amendment?
Thank you Rand!
John E: I noticed ur avatar. I programmed some professional work on the 600. Great machine for its time and price.
Very cool! I remember that machine.
Care to elaborate @RandPaul on "AND OTHER PURPOSES?" The ambiguity of these laws is what continually screws over the American Populace
Obamacare, taxes , and wall. Nothing's been done. Vote all of you out. Ditch Mitch and Paul ryan.
You and Mitch left us with a mess with this stupid Obamacare.  Maybe that's why Kentucky pension are broke also. Talk is cheap.

Plase @RandPaul Give names of Senators For and against
No don't support this
git-r done !!!!!!
Rand Paul Why do you and some of your colleagues think if we ignore Muslim Islamic Terrorism it will just go away? This amendment>
would gravely impair the presidents ability to fight Terrorism.
Won't pass but good effort! I hope I get to vote for Rand in POTUS election one day!
You go, Dude!  Great news!
Everyone call your Senators today at 202-224-3121 see where they stand on our unending Wars
Are you listening, @BobCorker and @LamarAlexander ? Do your jobs. My vote depends on it!
Great Great Speech!  
Sen. Rand Paul, you are saving thousands of people's lives.
I can't believe it needs a vote!
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Yes. Yes it is.
What is it exactly? All I see is "repeal the two authorizations for the use of military force," I'm sure there's more to it than that.
It's going to be difficult. The military industrial intelligence congressional (MIIC) complex does not want to be unemployed. #DeepState












Thank you Senator Paul.
finally, and that's a good thing.  Don't acquiesce to allowing Trump to single-handedly start wars.
IF #Americans truly care for #USA they should contact their senators  & tell them that the #Constitution must be protected at all costs
While amending it, can we stop paying the government to run propaganda against its own citizens? That would be great.
Are you congressman and Senators going to run it like you run the government and do your voting we're screwed
The congressman and senators are the ones that need to be tarred and feathered I'll even Supply the feathers
Agreed.
So this is to allow congress to keep us in these wars for as long as they want? Senators been voting for war longer than 4 prez terms n want
Be nice to turn down the #taxpayer spigot on these battlefields. Less American lives lost too!
Thank you
anyone wanna bet "conservatives" @jameslankford & @jiminhofe will be at head of the pack in voting to continue marauding the world
I worry about anything democrats are in favor of. Where's the tax reform? What's ATTACHED to the amendment? I don't trust ANYBODY up there
Did you even read it?
Thank you Senator Rand Paul. Your honesty and  integrity are appreciated & you serve the American people honorably in your calling.
Go get 'em Rand!
Please please please consider running for president again you were my choice in 2016 and will be in 2020!
WE MUST CALL OUR SENATORS TO BACK UP OUR SENATOR RAND PAUL IN THIS.
After next fall we in Missouri are sending you some help! @AP4Liberty will help us #FireClaire
More political Bs that accomplishes nothing
So proud to have you as my Senator. Thanks Mr. Rand!
We disagree on a great deal, but I am with you on this.
They'll replace it with something more intrusive.
@AntiMedia 
“I rise today to oppose unauthorized, undeclared, and unconstitutional war,” said Senator Paul.
#truth #onelove

Good lad
Now we'll see who in Congress will accept their Constitutional duty, and who will abdicate it.
Bunch of Warmongers don't want any changes but we the people do ! Forget they work for us and fed up
I'm further to the left than most Dems, but this is good idea regardless of political affiliation.
Hope you'll be the driving force to return US to a Constitutional Government... we've been something else for a while now
If you're hoping for votes from Republicans, you should stop hoping. Republicans are useless & refuse to do their job.
@ChrisVanHollen @SenatorCardin Please support bringing this unending war to an end.
Thank you, Senator Paul. I will be watching closely to see if @SenGaryPeters and @SenStabenow do the right thing.

WOW! THANK YOU!!!!
Congrats Senator! I can't wait to see how each member votes.
Make those against this explain why..exposure is key
Rand, the only issue I have. With all of the holes in Congress with the Democrats. The enemy would know as schiff gets to his phone.
thank Senator one of the few that believes in the rule of law
Thank you!
@KazmierskiR does that mean we can be nationalist then america first only
Absolutely.  I hereby authorize every #American citizen to feel free to embrace #nationalism and put #AmericaFirst.
I hope you get your way
Excellent!  Thank you, Senator.
good on you Senator. The more you reflect your father's considered opinions, the more support you will have. I'm with you.
Why are you tying the presidents hands ?sick of you failed presidential candidates obstructing . We elected him not you.
Congrats Rand excellent work!
How is it that you are not bought off like the others?
Thank you Rand. This is the right thing to do.
Why didn't you put this forth when obama was in office?
https://youtu.be/CMyTYVScMnw 
Trump is failing......
You are deluded
and funny
But mostly deluded
so tired of the abuse of power and the disregard of our constitution. so very tired. keep up the good work! you and your dad are great!
Thank you for standing on principles! You are very much appreciated!

Thank you Rand
Historic speech by @RandPaul on the senates need to debate and vote on war.
https://www.c-span.org/video/?433961-2/us-senate-takes-defense-authorization-bill&live … (1hr06min)

I'm a disabled combat veteran, I agree fully on this! It should be a non-partisan issue!
Well done, Senator Paul!
THE FAKE @realDonaldTrump / @GOP beef is a ploy 2 DIVIDE & CONQUER voters so they don't take out their frustration with TRUMP on @GOP All In
No More War
Proud of my Senator from KY!
I know my 2 NC senators won't have the courage to vote for it, but it definitely has my support.
Paul, please do not sabotage anymore !
My children have never known a United States not at war. Thank you.
You, Trump and all the others are a national embarrassment.

Along with that the criminally abhorrent FISA abuses during Obama admin clearly give lie to concept of oversight- END IT
Thank you for all you do sir!
#GodBless #Liberty #Freedom #USA #Constitution
Thank you!
They won't vote for it. But I'm glad they will show how many are willing to vote against the constitution.
Thank you for fighting the good fight for Liberty and Freedom.
Thank you , Senator! be our HERO
No more AUMFs.  Only formal declarations of war should allow our armed forces off the leash.
So true! We’ve been micromanaged
Why don't you get rid of the incr price of meds when the cost has gone done. because you want to spend should not required mil to pay more

I like it! Good job Senator!
One man of integrity outweighs a thousand men of vices. Thank you, @RandPaul
Touché
Really, already...it's only been 15-16 year since 
You are the man - Thank you from Republican Kalifornia
Thank you for your dedication!
$20trillion reduce spending limited government
This is why millions of us voted for Trump. ShadowGov/DeepState picked off the entire cabinet & replaced w/War mongers. Thanks,Great Speech!
Those who will vote against this amendment will expose their corruption, if they vote for it their donors will be angry.
With this amendment Sen Paul is forcing the swamp creatures to reveal where their real loyalties lie.
Great job, Senator.
Why don't you also abolish the use of propaganda on the public in the USA?
Let's vote for sunset of #HurricaneHarvey #HurricanIrma #Hurricane ...& adversarial actors. Sunset could be amazing. #AppleEvent #iPhoneX
Thank you Sir 
Good Job Senator from #Kentucky
Thank you always!
Good job!
Good job.  Note the effort here, People.
I agree
Keep fighting the good fight Rand! It's great to see you fighting for the constitution and bill of rights.
#StandWithRand
You better hope you have a job in 2018 you and McConnell WON'T have my vote
Mr. Paul,
 I would like to thank you for your continued example of great character, hopefully your colleagues will take note.
Rand Paul: one of the only politicians doing anything worth a damn today
Yes @RandPaul much like his father @RonPaul have always demonstrated honorable intentions. Nevertheless, "And other purposes" IS AMBIGUOUS !
Fingers crossed this goes through Senator Paul! Good luck! 
Yes! You are bringing the Constitution back! Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for freedom
How is this related.

SMH
I deeply appreciate ur efforts towards our foundational principles, but I agree w the pwr of POTUS to use military force however he sees fit
Thank you Dr Paul!  #PresidentPaul .@RonPaul  #Revolution 2.0 #Liberty #Freedom
Gr8 job Senator Paul!
Amazing job Dr. Paul! Thank you for fighting for the Constitution...I wish you were my senator...
I'm seriously considering a move to Kentucky since Rand Paul is the only senator who represents me.
And if you move to the right district you could have @RepThomasMassie as your congressman!
@RepThomasMassie is easily the best man in Washington now that Ron Paul left.
Up in flames it will go, just like the other votes he DEMANDS!!! Wasting time!!
Fighting for what's right is not wasting time.
We will ALWAYS have war so yes it is. We might end this one but another will arise it's the FACT!!
Boooo fight terrorism
#StandWithRand
Thank you Senator Paul!
Awesome job next shut down Bernie and friends with this single payer health system
Oh this will be great before 2018. I'll see who voted against this.
Thank you
Rand Paul.
They could easily pass a new authorization, right?
You will be replaced. With better Americans. #maga
Goodwill. Not going to happen. Pity.
how about #TermLimits so we don't have to grow old and die while getting nothing done?
