I can go to AL or KY and by a 100$ policy and keep my doctors in IOWA-------Paul is FUCKING nuts
I NEVER got the rationale of "cross-state" health insurance. Why would insurers in Colorado want to carry Risks of a Miss or KY resident?
Bigger pool of people from which to distribute the risk. Fairly simple concept, imo.
I get the larger pool principle. But many states R far more unhealthy. Their coverage risk would seem a negative for a neighboring state.
It would still equal out as more young healthy people enter the marketplace bc of lower costs.
If they do W/O a mandate. I
Guess we'll find out soon enough.
@MonicaPerezShow If McCain nixes this with no explanation, I say airdrop him over N. Korea.
Sounds good to me
OMG!!! Free Market? It will surely work, so why would you do that?
YES! Get the Fed Gov out of my healthcare!
so long as there are mandates there's nothing "free" about it!  @RandPaul
You mean, not shuffling taxpayer money to private companies, and making government created monopolies will lower the cost of health care?
When's it begin across state lines ???

No vacations for Senate til Entire Great America Agenda presented in primaries is passed we want repeal ocare tax reform Kate's law respect
I PRAY THIS WILL B SO!!  
 #StandWithRand #FullRepeal
If they would have done this in the first place instead of implementing Obamacare we wouldn’t be in the pickle where we are today.
On advantg/plan PPO/retirees.Got/2018 cost in mail.Holy!Ded.,c/pay,ins prem. Up high/again. Only go 2 docs twice a/yr.Cant pay this anymore!
They should have tried his plan from the start
I will incorporate your free market into my health bill.
Well done Senator. Never give up!
Let's try single payer instead.  We're eventually going there. We might as well spare the agonizing.
Yes! Single payer like Venezuela and N Korea. Sounds great, move there.
Free market will do little to reduce healthcare costs.  Insurance companies control the market nationwide.
Not if there's competition Increase number of ins. Co's, let people buy across state lines, require hos'ptls 2 provide free care to low incm
competitive insurance is a myth, it's legal price fixing
Yes, because there's only a handful of giant insurance companies. More choices = more competition
"I value free markets. When it comes to ISPs, though, free markets can get fucked." #netneutrality #shill #resign
Free market HC and getting GV out of HC except for the have nots is the only way to reduce HC premiums for 90% of the citizens.
This needs to start happening- stop screwing around
About time
Thanks Rand!
I doubt @TheDemocrats or the RINO @GOP will come around, but at least get us a vote.. a list of names to replace.
Thanks again!
I think mr Paul's plan was good,
I believe that Rand Paul would be a better majority leader and work better with @Potus to MAGA
#StandWithRand
but he also said the last two ideas were great and we're going to pass. His word means nothing
Yes... because the free market is always so kind... and never puts profits above people's wellbeing...
You may be right. But 90% of us paying crazy high HC premiums so10% can have medicaid is extortion to the 90%. Majority should prevail.

Let Obamacare collapse. Then put a new system into place.
Why aren't we hearing more about this?

If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now, they should immediately REPEAL, and then REPLACE at a later date!
Let's do something. 
If everyone was in groups insurance would a lot less expensive. Plus no state to state restrictions
yeah yeah yeah
yes!!!!!
Free markets are the best solution for consumers. Health Insurance is a product not a right.
About tim
@SenRandPauI will then find something else to object to.Most men handle adversity but 2 gauge true worth of man, watch him handle power
I've wanted that from day one.
Nope. @RandPaul voted 4 skinny repeal bill but no for the current one.He is unpatriotic:Paul,@SenSusanCollins @SenJohnMcCain hold us hostage
How does Trump sign an exec order to override state laws when that power is delegated to Congress? Rand Paul doesn't support that, does he?
What is YOUR idea?? And Will it pass??
we could have done both Graham/Cassidy and this. Every little bit counts when getting rid of the monstrosity that is Ocare.

This is what we’ve been wanting all along!
YES YES YES!
He's finally catching on good on u mr president #maga
Way to go Rand Paul .  Keep it simple and in the best interest of the people .  Thank you P. Trump .  Open mind.  Best options .  
@rarelibertyand@RandPaul I would like to see what Rand Paul has we have seen Everyone elses let see it to see what it is mit be better
I consider Senator Rand Paul a voice in the wilderness. He seems 2b only person in congress that can think.  If he's against it, then me2.
It's about time
Good luck, but since it's executive doesn't that mean it can changed by the next Democratic president? We need a legislative bill but you'll never get the current group to pass a full repeal.
If Rand wasn't such a nice guy, he'd be a great president. But he comes off as a weenie-boy.
Great idea. America is a "free" (if it's good for the industry) market nation. Maybe cost of medical care and Rx will go down, too.
Interesting to watch GOP latch on,like stray dogs,to anyone who will throw a meatball their way. No matter how bad the meatball! Rand & Roy!
The sane Republicans are on the sidelines while the crazies,ignorant and radicals take the field!What could possibly go wrong? Good-bye GOP?
As a constituent of Paul's, I think he's more interested in fixing O'care, if it must be, then winning political points.
Free market=oxymoron. Libertarian=complete moron.
8 years over due
Don't tell me about yet another health care bill unless you KNOW you have 49 more votes from the other Republican prima donnas.  We're tired
AMEN, hmm now lets see, ideas for Care from a Doctor such as Paul, or a professional politician like McConnell. Hmm think I'll go w Dr Paul
I agree that we need to go around ACA. But what's left of ACA will get in the way of it helping much.
Now can we deregulate and expand HSA's. Let Americans invest in their own health, like we do with IRA's.

Way to go Rand Paul .  You know the business .  Clarifying the truth is the best way .  Thank you , for your wisdom .  Kathleen MN
Sadly, without removing the myriad of other regulations, this won't do much and will give the left fodder for the fight.
Why does gov't have to be in charge of our healthcare? We did fine before obamacare! Just let us make our own decisions re healthcare!
It doesn't, ACA was a screw job that made insurance companies $B's, redistribute wealth & was designed to fail to bring in single payer
One thing I do not understand, if it is a good idea, why not pass a law?  Everything doesn't need to be comprehensive!
It's worth a try.
This always was the plan !!  And it was great !!  Glad everyone is circling back. @POTUS
Yes. This is big reason Trump won election. Could he finally get it?
Yes, repeal and replace.
Something needs to be done. It's broke and no 1 really has the best solution as of yet, wait and see
Yes yes yes that's the only way to get it done
This is the plan I've supported from the start.
Perfect.  Now every Republican who hates Rand Paul will line up against this one.  Every single member of the Senate should be voted out
The one thing that does need to be done is term limits on the seats. At least Paul gets a chance, time will tell.
#StandWithRand #FullRepeal
Rand just got......bought.
Oh, hmm isn't that what we have been asking for?
After the last repeal failed I tried Tennessee whiskey, but rands idea might work

