There were some obvious places to look. Perhaps near the statues of some great Republicans from the past.
Nope. Not there. Maybe this one.
This is harder than it should be. But wait. I think someone left us a hint!
Nope. Not there either. It was another bait and switch
They went outside and thought maybe this guy was helping House leaders hide it. But nope.
Maybe it's over there with the Justices for safe keeping?
Another day without the bill in the hands of the American people and their representatives. But @politico has it!
Dead On Arrival DOA
#AHCA 
Again 
?!
I'd applaud you for this stunt if you hadn't shown how crooked are
mr."We shouldn't investigate other Republicans"
that's a misrepresentation of what he said. Media lies. #StandWithRand
Well, it's a radio program. The audio is recorded. Here is the quote. You suggesting Fox doctored the audio?
The point is how many investigations do you want? @RichRagamuffin @RandPaul
Benghazi was investigated more than Watergate, Iran contra, & 9/11.
But I'd be happy with 1 thorough, independent investigation
Then Paul is correct.  Let the DOJ do their job ans present to the committee.  Session recused.
That spin would have merit if you could show me where RP spoke out about the countless investigations against HRC.
Clintons need to pay the piper. Why have they been above the law for 30+ years?
Why do you continue to lie? You know damn well the bill isn't finished. Stop trying to create bogus scandals.
Yet they're leaking info to the press.
Who's they? @RandPaul @randpaulcopier
Wouldn't it be nice to know. Apparently, if you can read, politico is leaking details.
@NetworksManager @randpaulcopier The #toner is strong with this one! @RandPaul
Haha, love it!
move on and come up with a plan!
A very Much Resent Steve King's comments about immigrants.  Justin Amash is a Real American!!!!
Congressman
why does this new bill hand money to the insurance companies? It's blatantly anti-tax payer. It's also illegal.
wish we all could get paid to do stupid shit like this. #smallmansyndrome
@LeslieMarshall @randpaulcopier  Oh puleez...give it a rest. 
Show us the bill, the people are waiting and they deserve to see it !!! #CCBCPOLS101
maybe @seanhannity @rushlimbaugh @marklevinshow can help @GOP  @SpeakerRyan find copy bill for AmericanVoters#USA
Do you think Americans should have affordable healthcare coverage? Is this idea too liberal for conservatives?
Tell @SpeakerRyan Channelling @NancyPelosi #WeThePeople Rejected #Obamacare & its #RINO #Lackys
keep up the good  work for American freedom senator!!
maybe you should be searching @SpeakerRyan balls, it would help our country a lot more
You're my hero. If you were our President we wouldn't be in any of these messes! Keep fighting the good fight! 
keep up the good work Rand!!!  Thank you!!!!
LOVE YOU RAND! Please find the evil #ObamaCareLite Bill and #shreddit
Pls see if you can find the dignity that is lost from the Presidency while you are at it #dontstanddown #standfirm
@SpeakerRyan  Ryan is getting ready to screw conservatives!  hiding this bill makes him no better than Pelosie!
Your friend Paul Ryan says it will be on the floor next week.  Deplorable
Please, this needs to be fast tracked!
This reminds me of the after school and Saturday special.  "I'm just a bill". Now that song is stuck in my head!
I didn't know that such things happen in your country too.....wow 
All this Russia crap is taking focus off the real issues. Glad that you're staying on task Senator Paul.
@Dyzalot @randpaulcopier Maybe a better use of your time would be to write a repeal bill and start rounding up support.
There already is one written.  They've passed it a few times I believe.
best part of you is that YOU don't get it, your own dysfunctional party doesn't even like you
Check @ Hooters on 7th St.
Becoming more and more of a Rand Paul fan. My healthcare premiums are more than my mortgage.
keep pushing!
I hope you find it and when you do pass it on.
please name the new health program something other than Obamacare. We need this Muslim and name gone. Erase name.
in many ways you are my favorite politician. I like that you are out there trying to hold congress liable
Hey Rand, ask @SenCapito for a copy.  She revealed portions in WV newspaper article.  Hope she'll listen too.
FIND THE FISH
Russia is the issue. WTFU Senator and protect this country from enemies both foreign and domestic.
maybe stop taking random pics of you "trying" to find a bill and do your job by not destroying healthcare
rotf — @SophieRo3
But @RandPaul where in the world is #CarmenSandiego? Maybe she knows where the bill is! Send @randpaulcopier on a #DC stakeout. #CueGetSmart
Uh Oh! It seems to be out of paper. Someone didn't want you to copy OC Lite.Check Dem offices & Kremlin for it 
why are insurance companies only biz that is allowed to discriminate against ppl? Free market no discrimination!
The generals have it. its with the secret plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days.
Put the heat on to find it, America needs to know once & for all what the bill means for U.S.! Part of Freddie Mac
Hey Rand, if your grievances are legitimate, voice them. This is an attempt at a publicity stunt.
We support youFull Repeal!!!
One thing is sure. If its another 1000 page bill and no one has read it all after signing it. GOP in big trouble
try the garage, everyone has a stash in the garage.
THERE IS NO BILL - MOST LIKELY THE INSURANCE COMPANIES WILL WRITE IT - SPEAKER RYAN 2 BUSY WITH BEING ON TV
$10,345 each U.S. health care spending http://to.pbs.org/2lIOCZb   @NewsHour Trump accepting bids for $5K ea.
Stop begging for attention and play ball.  Let's all work together to prove Dems wrong!
Stop looking. I have it. Ask to see it and you'll have it.
Get em Rand.
You should get a robotic copier like a Roomba!
Keep up the good work. They disgust me.
Sir, you give me faith that GOP still has the people in mind. At least a few of them. (Not GOP myself). Thank you.
did you find any ofthose Pokémon characters along the way  ?
Senator Paul you discredit yourself and father for political ambition. Your criticism are welcome after submit
I have it. Ask me.
As a taxpayer (of your salary), these tweets make me throw up in my mouth.  Nothing else worth working on in DC?
Hold their feet to the fire. This is big heading into 2018.
Your making a fool of yourself. Respect the committee to do the right thing.
I'm glad taking healthcare away from 20 million people is a funny joke to you.
lols senator
hahaha I'm enjoying these tweets
REPEAL OBAMACARE - defy @PRyan
You should go STRAIGHT TO TRUMP YOURSELF!
I love you.
@CNN @MSNBC  @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Ain't falling for Secret ACA Replacement trick.Deflect tactic.
search for your soul and your balls. You have neither.
love it!!!
Look sun always shins in the lights spots when the eye just went past it its like a climps of its its beholder.
@AustinDH556
@CharD924
The plot of the new national treasure movie unfolding before our eyes here
zKeep looking senator. This process NEEDS to be transparent!  @SpeakerRyan
Rand Paul's copier goes to Washington.
You really need to stop with the theatrics. It doesn't help.
have you checked the Russian embassy?
how about instead of playing hide and seek like a 5 year old you go talk to Paul Ryan. You guys are a mess!
love that @randpaulcopier has its own twitter account
[Mission Impossible theme]
It must REALLY be terrible if it is this well hidden!
You win the internet today. It's the first Capitol scavenger hunt. Next item, Paul Ryan's integrity.
I dunno, it may not be there.
I don't think so, either.
thank you Senator.
Your copy machine has more followers than I do
It's in a dumpster outside the capitol. Anything that needs to be secret should not be law. #MAGA
'The very word secrecy is repugnant in a free and open society...' --John F. Kennedy
Says the guy who's gangsters stole the election.
True...true... but it's the point of the sentence that matters.
Yes, liberals lead the league in great sayings. And hypocrisy
pelosi is still trying to read it!
it's probably where no one would ever look...wherever the ethics rules are kept.
What ethics rules? 
look ad, Site103132 Russia, Moscow, Kremlin, maybe it is there
No secrets, not legal!
that is hilarious!
Post a tip line and a reward.
Paul we the people can't stand Paul Ryan!!!
#StandWithRand
Search for your lost ethics so you can investigate 45's Russian connections. You used to have them.
Probably because there isn't a bill that won't get them all booted out of office in the next election.
I Love you and your Witt. With all the negative and crazy, this is so refreshing.
Indeed!! I don't know why some folks are so uptight that they fail to have a giggle.
your rapidly becoming my favorite politician. Getem'
@Afterseven @randpaulcopier they @TheDemocrats that Trump & the Russians wrote it. Then the media will uncover it within the hour.
@DA_Stockman @randpaulcopier my understanding is that it's still being written.  Why are you sticking your nose in House Biz?
Do you think the Russians took it?
@SpeakerRyan Paul van u help them out? Your pushing repeal hard where's the replace what are u hiding?
@BCoffey57 see he even gave it it's own twitter
dont make fights over silly stuff. u will get to see it when it reaches senate. DO work on making it RIGHT tho!
fantastic pics
I'd request a meeting with the Russian Ambassador, he apparently has all the answers w/so many people meeting him?
@MiaoReport @randpaulcopier   you're not listening to to lying @SpeakerRyan are you?
@BanditGolf @randpaulcopier #IStandWithRand Thank you, Rand Paul.
didn't they  put one on Obama's desk at one time ?? Maybe they could start with that one!
no audit to find it like fed printing money
Or the (dare I say, missing) gold in Ft. Knox.
Is this a parody account, or did you actually make a funny tweet?
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews why don't you ask Washington post or New York Times they know everything!
lol, Rand I'm not a big fan of yours but u get some respect for wanting this bill seen by the public! 
maybe it's mislabeled like... recipes?
instead of getting with leader he's and senate go to media don't compromise don't view open minded. Obstruction
hold leadership accountable
Thank you sir !! I voted Trump to return the government to the people ! Show us
Your lack of professionalism is incredible. Try being a mature adult and encourage instead of attack.
it's on Billy Bush's party bus. Oh wait, that's not true. That Bus holds no secrets.
You are awesome.  As upset as I am at the possibility of OCARE light, needed the laughs. Thanks
have you looked in Kremlin?
Oh right, the mystical Russian conspiracy story. Us, in the real world, tend to forget your fiction.
it's astounding that your own colleges will not let you see HC bill. What are they hiding?
I'm with you, but that looks like a bomb! What a beautiful day in Washington.
was kinda funny at first. Now just seems like your wasting a lot of time and money.
@PROCTA @randpaulcopier bill?!
this could be a movie, scavenger hunt if the year!
Sit down, shut up, and hang on.
ur looking in congress no wonder u cant find anyone. Not like they do any real work. Look4 the slime under rocks
#showmethebill
Ask Russia
feed into your witch-hunt? No thanks.
Impressed with @RandPaul @randpaulcopier trolling of @GOP here. +100
Did you look under John McCain's comb-over?
This bill is only 1thing theyR hiding from U Take this time 2find America again &fight 4her not GOP! russia's real
You have to find the bill to know what's in it
It's either in Trumps hair or rolled up in his tie

The reason Dems got something done is because they don't argue in public
#WhereInTheWorldIsBill
....why don't you stop playing on Twitter and take over @spreaker job?...after too many silly posts, you lose
nothing wrong with bringing light to a serious concern w humor & engagement.
....it's lost its glow after 2 days...he should challenge the speaker and get something
SoI assume when found that will be leaked and torn to shreds by Democrats and others before it even gets aperiod at the end of last sentence
well if it's on Billary's server it will be out soon :)
it's probably taped to Nancy Pelosis back 
Good job @RandPaul Glad you aren't giving up.
funny...thanks for the posts

I called Alaska state rep. Don Young & told him to get you a copy because you've helped Alaska on numerous issues
Love it...so 90s!
Another Rand tweet. Look Randy, we know Trump. Trump is a friend of ours. You are no Trump (so cut the tweet crap)
Rand, we really do NOT want Obamacare-Lite. We want that trash gone, wholly and completely. Keep up the fight!
Did you look in leaders office? How about the toilet's? #GoGetEm!
If it gets out Democrats will burn all copies. Why won't they let you in. Your not a leaker are you?
check the file cabinet under insurance lobbyists
Don't stop until you get to the bottom of this!! Rinos in Congress are bottom feeders & liars. I don't trust Ryan.
just repeal it completely, now, while you can. Make adjustments to old plan, get government out!!!
Thanks, keep it up!
No clues yet? I know the old secret room was vacated, but no idea where the bill is now?
you may have to recruit hounds and sniff it out
Hold their socialistic feet to the fire of Liberty!
