"Possibly" ? Rand you just want every bill to be your own. Senate GOP is a total joke. House passed 338 you guys are sitting on over 200 SAD
You know Rand if you kill this bill like you did every repeal than you're no better than Bernie. In the way. Nothing will be perfect.
You’re including the removal of state income taxes as a federal deduction, aren’t you?

Sorry, time for that to happen.
Why? It's taxing a person twice on the same income.
Then move. #TaxationIsTheft
Perhaps I will. In the meantime, why is it you're suggesting taxation is theft and yet arguing for me to pay *more* taxes?
When state taxes are deducted, then non state tax taxpayers are unfairly taxed more. I want no income tax for anyone by any government.
I mean ... how do you suggest the government pay for things, then? I get you're a libertarian, but the army and Medicare are both popular.
Flat sales tax. Leave things to States. Learn how government worked before income tax. Medicare is unconstitutional.
I know how government worked before income tax. You can feel that way about Medicare if you like, but courts have clearly ruled against you.
Are politicians morons? Who writes these bills and who interprets them. Can they read? Is it a tax cut? A hike? Who's telling the TRUTH ?
Cut for some and hike for others.
Rand Paul is saying it's a hike for the middle class. The bill is suppose to be a cut for the MC - who is lying.
My $$ is on anyone appointed by tRump is lying-including tRump himself, of course.
Stop!  After the Vegas Diaster we are not bashing. WE talk nice and fix things.  #remembervegas.
This isn't about Vegas. And, sorry, that's the truth. You asked 
Thanks for telling the truth @RandPaul if only @SpeakerRyan & @realDonaldTrump could do the same
When can we expect to see concrete proposals for the income brackets?
for a lifelong Republican you seem awfully unfamiliar w the status quo for you party.
Paul plays a fascinating game. Looking like he wants to help while he stabs you in the back.
We have to do something. You can't have a perfect bill! There is standing on principle and then there is obstruction!
If your happy paying taxes after being told it's a #taxcut then bully for you... as for me, I applaud one who speaks Truth.
Campaign finance reform.  Crickets..........
Here we go! We're gonna get f##ked.
You plays golf a couple times and you & Trump are butt-hole buddies? How much did it take to bribe you?You break the Law&Flaunt it
#TaxReform is to stimulate economy & create jobs for the middle class. WTH 45.3% of Americans don’t pay any federal income tax. #Economic
Economy is at full employ & we have a labor shortage. This raises taxes on incomes btw $50k & $300k. It's a rich guy giveaway, that's all.
Of course you’ve left out the underemployed, low workforce participation rate & higher wages supported by higher GDP #TaxReform #TaxRformNow
They're not serious about anything Rand. I think they actually want to lose the elections next year.
You act shocked--why? Your party will screw someone over to give the Koch brothers and other rich people more money. GOP=ZERO moral compass.
I can afford anymore taxes
do it piece by piece, but do something.  we are raped by taxes. we need growth here instead of socialism
traitor of America
mabe if voters can't deduct high state taxes the will wake up to the mismanaged state governments that are mostly Dem controlled
Here we go again
Cantveven sell the Republicans on the little ball of shit they call tax reform.
Narrator: They weren't.
The Speaker says it's impossible to give all middle-class a tax break.  I disagree.  Pass a law that does. Use a failsafe.
EXACTLY! Currently itemize, own a home, and have children? Pay up!
This egregious tax plan eliminates the 2 major tax benefits/undoubtedly cap on mortgage interest &the elimination of property tax deduction
They aren't but you still voted for it you POS!!!!
We need to #FireRyan and #VoteOutTheRINOs 
Enough is Enough
#DitchMitch
Tax break for wealthy. how do u justify this as libertarian? Drumpf  will suffer? Saves over 1 billion in estate taxes? BS from top dog
Hilarious. Holding out for a payoff? You know you're a Yes.
RT @realDonaldTrump #TaxReform Priority: No Corporate Tax Cut Giveaways to the Big Globalist Corporations. Tax Cuts for The #American People
What do you think O’care is all about? 
Tax Dollars to Corporations!
I feel the same way about senators...some more than others.  I hope they get better
Using my 2016 figures, my taxes would go up $1,000. My niece's and nephew's would go up. We are hard-working middle income Americans.
And you will support it anyway, right?
Tax code is bad, but far from "the problem". Business owners do not distribute company profits fairly among their employees. 
Hence "top 1%"
@RandPaul Good to know someone is reading this bill! Advocate the estate tax needs to be deleted! That's wrong! We pay taxes all our lives!
You, McCain and Mitch are sold out RINO's. Go away with Obama and Hillary. You're obstructing and useless. I liked you at one time Rand.
Between Healthcare and Tax reform one has to wonder why is the GOP so devoid of good ideas.
I had a feeling when I seen the personal exemption was taken away. Smoke and mirrors is what we put you there to defend good catch now fight
Tax hike wtf.  When will we get a break?
DO Post Card:  W2+1099X15%,DONE. Spend $ on Military & CUT UP CONGRESS'S CREDIT CARDS=Revenue neutral.
You voted for it dicklips!
Yeah, same old same old
They won't be.
This surprises you? Your party finds new ways to screw middle class. Your party continues to grovel for NRA blood money. Public servant? HA!
You get nothing because you gave nothing. Your a laughing stock to most.
Your trying to forward the progress of the libertarian party  while representing the @GOP.  Your a fraud.
It's like you just joined the republican party. If course it dies. only tax cuts for rich, always. Raises my rates, list medical deductions
Also Federal debt clearly no longer matters, no democrat in the white house.
Please remember this when working with POTUS on tax reform #taxreform
You sound more like a rino like #DITCH MITCH. I definitely will not be voting for him and maybe not you either. U have done nothing
Being born and raised in Kentucky and spending over 90% of my life there I am proud to see a GOP Senator standing up for the middle class and not just following the party line.
This is absolutely horrendous.... hope u do something about this
your Tweet was quoted by @voxdotcom
GOP gave Obamacare repeal bills to insurance lobbyists to write.  Who's writing the tax bill--Democrats?
You play good guy and then stab the middle and lower class in the back.
Deficit plan.
Whatt r u ? A leftist I'll never vote you!
One year ago today. 
Thank you Senator 4 acknowledging this!  I'm a lifelong Republican but l swear I'll abandon ship if they raise my taxes which this plan does
exactly. I am single income middle class. this plan will increase my bill by 4000 per year
@realDonaldTrump orig tax plan did not do this! This is result of revamping by a largely antiTrump Congress who are planning his 2020 loss.
The estate is a gift to the richest. Forget it. Republicans you had better help the middle class who are sinking.
No, the people it'll help the most are family farms & small businesses. The rich (why the class hate, btw??) already structure to avoid it.
: Jerk
Senator, you may have overlooked the fact that this plan is designed to make the rich richer. (Hope you're better soon!)
We don't agree much, but think your projection might be generous to this "just do something" long gestation, years to slap a bill together!
More like a doubling, without deductions.
Looks more like 70% to me.
Trump wants huge tax cuts for those who pay no tax, all others: +200%.
We will be paying more!  And, 3 % of 400,000 is a lot better then on 80,000. I was so hopeful..sick in there for us
this seems like the de facto GOP tax policy trudged out every few years, where have u been?
Why don't u, Kasich, and never a war he didn't like McCain join the Dems in doing nothing. Getting hard to support u.
If you want your taxes to go up, then by all means continue supporting Trump.
You're a member of that domestic terrorism group called the GOP so what is it you want? A massive tax hike for the lower 99% of people?
Disband the NRA.  No automatic assault weapons. One gun per household. Americans demand that you do something
It’s full circle. Somehow @RandPaul has come to stand for KY against the people I thought he would aid.
Please break apart the idea that tax brackets have relevance when talking about simplifying the tax code
I think that you are jealous of Trump and just want to be your own little President.
Maybe not the right time to be talking about taxes.
Oh Senator. We all know you are ultra-conservative but come on let's remove the loopholes this is not a perfect world
When this Crazy says it's bad, It's gotta really stink.
So standard deduction increases but we lose personal exemptions? My family of 4 will pay more taxes!
Sen Paul is an obstructionist... support the GOP !!!  And get something done!  All you do is complain...
Yep. I'm a hard working, middle class single mother and it looks like my taxes would go up! But Trump would save $1.1 billion??
Another runt Rino primadonna.
It’s important that citizens start READING these bills too.we arent just sheep in this game.glad Rand is in office to call out establishment
When you want to cut taxes to the ones that need it the least  you gotta offset it somewhere.
Put forth something to help our President instead of criticizing and working against him to MAGA!
It's becoming more and more apparent that Trump is a salesman for the establishment. His nonsense is only a distraction and for a purpose.
Can we say controlled opposition masquerading as conservative principles? End result: Still have Obamacare & same tax code. No results! Jerk
They won't be, cause y'all can't do shit without fucking everyone in this country over and people realize it.
All for the rich and a kick in the butt for all those who put Trump in office, way to go Trump lovers. #faketrump
That's 30pct to many and how many of you rich mfs will get a Tax Hike???
@JeanetteEleute2 Please defend the middle class
I dub this Tax Plan: #swampthing
Remember Rand cutting all 73k pages of the tax code. Rand had a better tax plan. What has your #maga done lately. #taxationistheft
Go on. We're listening.
Of course that's the plan. GOP doesn't care about anyone except millionaires like Trump. The final details wont be any better.
Why did it take you so long to understand that Republicans want to re-distribute wealth from the middle, lower classes to 1%?
You lost my support if you don't work hard together with the rest of GOP to improve and pass tax reform! I am sick and tired of no action!
it's cute how you're acting surprised.
The key is, "is this better then the current system?"  If so it should be voted for.  I feel you made an error on Healthcare.
Pass through LLC's, AMT, Estate Tax ? Aren't the middle class getting wet over these ideas? Trump is getting wet in anticipation.
Tax hikes AND cuts to healthcare.
I agree why does he say that stuff
U and me both, Randy #maga
Senator @RandPaul Admire your oratory skill, and conviction. But US needs motion thru compromise. Good v Perfect. Both sides give, remember?
This is Speaker Ryan trying to knife @POTUS in the back. Making @POTUS a scapegoat. Need to get rid of him and McConnell
.@realDonaldTrump Mr.Trump would call it fake news and I am certain he would though he doesn't know much about much of anything!
RT @realDonaldTrump You can pay for your #TaxPlan & everything else by taking the deductions away from the tax evading Big Corps. #USA #tax
RT @realDonaldTrump The new Tax Plan from the @GOP, Brady, & Cohn is a sell out to the big Corporations at #WeThePeople & #Americans expense
Great man!
Cmon Rand,1st of all 30% better than 0,2nd this analysis is useless without full numbers put in,GOP voters want help on HC and taxes,nothing
30% too low?  Paul's not clear
You mean GOP/RINO plan
Lol Rand Paul still thinks the gop is looking out for the middle class.
Well, here's your chance, introduce some amendments to protect the 30%. 
Like, this IS your job, right?
Do something OTHER than vote yes.
No one is  about taxes today Senator wake up LV 58 dead 500 inj
No Trump Taxes, No Tax Reform #TAXPLAN  #trump
Thank you @RandPaul for telling us the truth yet again !

We don't agree on many issues, but I appreciate that you are a principled man and a defender of liberty and in this case economic liberty.

Have you voted yes on any bill that has compromises in it,ever?
Still butt hurt over getting totally rejected by Trump supporters...you always find something to prevent you from supporting #MAGA! Heard you were planning on running with left wing Corey Booker against Trump in 2020, good luck loser!
He’s right
You vote for him then!
It's not a tax plan, it's a heist
Anyone making 150K to 300K is who they are referring to.
Whatever the tax plan I am sure you'll screw it up.
Senator, thank you for once again being principled and consistent in your opposition to compromised legislation.
Rand is the man with a plan
No rand just obstructs. Sick of all politicians. Dems and Repubs.  Accomplish nothing.   Vote them all out
Rand does actually do things, he just gets voted down by all the meanies, He's one of the few that seem to actually care and show this.
The "meanies"?    No rand is a grandstander
He's the one of the few that go about filibustering bills that he actually believes will harm America. He's not a career politician.
The way the Congress spends money and has increased our debt, all Americans are gonna have a big tax bill at some point.  Get the GDP UP.
I would not quote this left leaning org. They use information that is incorrect. Shame on you Sen.
I did the math. Married, $44,000 will pay less taxes than last year. That doesn't include Obamacare tax that I got hit with.
thanks. Party of Greedy Ole Pigs
No thanks
It’s as disgusting as the health care plan.  All these old guard Repubs need to go and we need intelligence in their replacements
How is that if they are doubling the standard deduction?
80% of tax cut goes to top 1% and poor gain nothing. Meanwhile
Gun violence costs $229 billion a year http://www.motherjones.com/politics/2015/04/true-cost-of-gun-violence-in-america/ …
That "support" link one more time.  THIS SHOULD BE VIRAL:  https://solari.com/blog/dod-and-hud-missing-money-supporting-documentation/ …
Did I miss something? That looks just like a static analysis, typical of CBO, which is as useless as lint.
You’re going to be gone soon. You should be quiet!
You are right. Someone making 37, 9k would pay 25%  Really?
It seems to me that you find every single excuse t vote with the democrats.
You’ve grown so used to doing nothing, you can’t do anything.
Did I hear him right...he agrees with democrats...
Slay, queen!!!!
It’s the GOP. Just expect it to get worse the more we learn about it. Why not try conservatism for a change?
Tough for average americans to translate these reports. Keep us informed! Your one of a few trusted people in Washington
I'm one of the 40%
What else is new with you
Hey Rand, NO ONE GIVES A SHIT ABOUT YOUR TAX PLAN TODAY!!
How about GUN CONTROL LAWS!!
Why don't you try to look at the bill at its entirety instead of obstructing and instilling panic? People aren't that stupid
Gosh, Senator: We might get $1,000! Enough to get a new car! Or remodel our kitchen, don't ya know?
Rand Rand Rand What are you doing to fix it?
Please do more than complain. If you see the problem, then fix it.  Put a solution on the table.
I'm all for a flat tax of like 15%. A rich guy making $100k would pay a lot more than me who makes $45k
Except now we have a progressive tax so those who can afford to, pay more. Flattening tax to 3 brackets good only for those on upper end.
Tax Plan: Repeal the 16th Amendment.
They won't be. This is what your party is about, they serve the wealthy.
Yet the wealthy benefit the most from the deductions the GOP is trying to stop. Especially in NY, CA, NJ. Time to stop it.
Losers
you are the canary in the cave! When we are lied to you alert us of the truth! The alarm is sounded and we know to take a 2nd look
You seem like a caring man with good ideas. Maybe you should change party affiliation. Possibly get more accomplished.
Don't worry, you'll get paid.
Someone has to pay for @realDonaldTrump & his cronies tax cuts.  As usual, rich get richer, middle class gets poorer.  Shame on you GOP
Will u shut up? You're going to keep obamacare in place and make sure we don't get tax cuts?
Unlike others in the party, Rand keeps his word and continues fight for best interest of the people. His guied IS Our Consitution
Of course Rand says NOTHING about the HUGE giveaway to rich & fake job creators
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU were not elected by #WeThePeople & #Americans to sell us out to Big Business & the U.S. Chamber of Commerce. #USA
Their fault for living in a state with income taxes
Dude, what did you expect???
Hey Rand, what's happening with CHIP and Community Health Centers?
Talk is cheap man! Let's see some real leadership here.
"If you don't stand for something you'll fall for anything" The tax plan makes sense for very few and has minimal impact on most all...
Of course it does.
And a jump from 10 to 12 on the poor what a GOP people don't like their jobs
It's your party.
In all seriousness, how can you even opine on this proposal when income brackets missing?!? Come on!! Add some details, Rs!
I'm sure as long as y'all can find a way to give a big tax break to the wealthy, you'll get on board.
Same place, same face.
It's for the rich. $1000 cut? Give me a break.
They won't be. But it's your party, so I guess there's nothing you can do.
This is true. We would pay MORE as a dual income family with LOTS of charitable donations.
Let us know when u figure it out.
Guessing you'll be a no vote, yet again.
Incentivizing businesses snd 1%ers to open more biz should be the goal of every tax plan.  1% pay over 50% of all taxes.  +jobs+wages
Of course we will pay more..just like we would have paid more for health insurance. This Administration isn't for the average American.
And the rest of us pay the same tax.  We all should get a tax cut.  What happened to the flat tax?
Sen. Paul speaks truth about #TaxCuts!  Study shows #TaxReform  taxes for ~30% of middle class.  Don't trust #LyingTrump or #LyingGOP!
It's YOUR party. Maybe you should write a plan.
Umm he did. And it would be a hell of a lot better for the middle class than this crap.
Flat tax race- You and I both get cars that go exactly 14.5 mph. I start off 100 ft ahead of you. Race is one mile. We race 10 heats. Wanna bet I'll win every time?
What does that even mean?
Haha! I have no clue. But for anyone to think a flat tax isn't fair needs their brain checked. The more you make the more you pay. Simple.
I would win the race every time. Now fit that to income. A flat tax is like that race. It leads inevitably to financial inequality. Do you understand?
I'm not following your logic but that's fine by me. Have a great day.
It's pretty obvious. Each year means that high earners amass greater wealth, and there are no means of offsetting the consequences. It allows accrual and upward funneling of wealth. Poor taxed on lower and lower relative income.
Same ole same ole... Tax laws are so convoluted a tax cut results in a tax hike. No surprise, middle class is where the money is.

Paul should be fired along with John McCain
I feel like this is a trick question and actually you are hoping for an even higher percentage of the middle class to get screwed. 
Are You Serious @RandPaul ...already bashing it..What is wrong with YOU!!..and at this time...
I hope you'll vote against it-middle class and poor giving to the wealthy...again. We've already given until it hurts.
You really need to just rip that (R) off and replace it with an (L) or an (I).
What hell is with you???  You seem to be the "I want it my way or I'm taking my ball and going home" guy. Grow the hell up!
I live in a state where property taxes are high. I'm worried.
SPOILER ALERT: They won't be.
The American people are suffering at the hands of large corporations, donating to politicians & not trickling down their profits to us
Rand is useless.  Complain about everything and never offers solution.  Part of swamp.  Please retire.
You are in the GOP. Do you just complain?
Me too that sucks !!!!
40k per mil to the rich 650 to 1000 for middle class.... seems fair . Wait trump said it wouldn't benefit the rich... math must be an ..
Alternate fact...
Who did you think was gonna pay for the governments overspending Paul?
GIVE ME FACTS OR SHUT UP!!
Possibly, maybe, could be, etc = NOT FACTS
They won't be -- why would they? Everyone knows the point is to give the rich more tax cuts. That's literally ALL Republicans care about
Good grief ! Get this damn thing right then. Can the GOP pass anything ? Trump won FOR HIS AGENDA
No he didnt. Trump doesnt have an "agenda" and doesnt understand the first thing about policy. That should be crystal clear by now.
Go have a meltdown elsewhere
Ha. No meltdown. Just amused to watch the awful truth slowly dawn on Trump's duped followers. The comedown seems painful. Take care.
No pain here. Every politician HAS an Agenda. You may not agree with the policies ,but they are there
Thats just the thing. Trump doesnt have policies. Never did. Was for single payer, pro-choice...  Now opposite. Hes an entertainer.
