.@RandPaul, It's very clear that you sit in a den of thieves and cowards.
Wonder how many @GOP colleagues profit politically or financially from endless war
90% of both Dems and Reps, wholly owned by MIC
Evvvvv...idence?
Evidence beyond the MIC contributions?  Or what specific question?
What contributions?
The Defense Industry’s Surprising 2016 Favorites: Bernie & Hillary http://politi.co/1q8Eye3  via @politicomag
Those sums of money, marked specifically for campaigns, don't seem to me sufficient to purchase total obeisance
Progressives should've supported @RandPaul on his war bill. Trillion dollar Illegal wars can fund #MedicareForAll
Medicare for all is $32 TRILLION. Add up the cost of all the wars and it barely makes a dent...
It doesn't have a singular established price tag, Einstein. Many opponents have fabricated arbitrary figures with no evidence.
So the CBO is lying... Got it
Ever wonder what the current cost is?

Love when people act like $32 trillion is the cost of single payer as if it were an additional charge on top of what Americans already spend
Thank god you found a meme with zero accredited info on it...
@RandPaul you have to expose the house & senate for earnings & ownings in war companies. And solutions for solving these problems overseas.
We need to expose Council on Foreign Relations for their stranglehold on politicians & media.
GREAT work Sen. Paul. THANKS for your continued efforts to replace the ACA.
No one likes you.  You have made too many ridiculous rants.
Thank you for your efforts Senator Paul. You are one of the few American leaders that has any clue what their job actually is.
Please make the voting line available by name. Let's share who cowardly tabled this amendment.
Why don't we start a amendment to take the power of lobbyist out of the system n make our representatives do our will. Like yesterday
@FCNLworld @cspan Please share the details of how each Senator Voted!!?!!
There is some ambiguity in the term given the rest of the English speaking world it means to begin talks. The below group voted against him.
I made this handy chart listing everyone who voted against you! Please share!
#NoMoreWar
#IStandWithRand
Isn't it their job to uphold the Constitution? If I couldn't do my job I'd just get fired.Clearly they're incapable of their oaths of office
Why do you think congress has an 11% approval rating. Problem is people put blame on everyone else except their own representatives.
Because if it's anything the Republican's love more than War, it's War for profit in the hands of a crazy man!
@RandPaul is the ONLY senator that truly stands up for the American people. #veteransforRand Great job
#Hypocrites criticize the president for "mistreating" non-U.S. citizens but turn a blind eye to perpetual wars that kill millions overseas.
That is for those who no longer are taught basic Civics.  Maybe you could do something constructive like force CIVICS classes be restarted!
Our Congress is nothing but corrupt criminals other than people like @RandPaul @RepThomasMassie @replouiegohmert
Louie Gohmert? Really? He's crazier than 45!
I wish we could vote to terminate the TSA, they have gone to far with their radiation machines and groping.
Let's hope it doesn't come down to another 1776 moment but if it does, I am packing heat!
Vast majority of Dems supported your amendment, which reflects how the two-party system is an illusion.
while America was sleeping, globalist created an oligarchy :-p
I'm a Democrat, and I so appreciate your attempt to get this amendment passed. So many of us are with you!
What? Why would dems vote yes?
Dear Senator .@RandPaul Can you please try again? #AUMF
I support you amendment
Thank you senator, don't stop pushing this most important of issues. We have to reign in the generals and pentagon and weapons manufacture
Wow! You would win votes with that.
Cowards all
I'm fixin' to call Roto Rooter. @RandPaul can't drain this shit by himself. #DrainTheSwamp
Here was the votes what shameful cowards
Very disappointed in @SenatorTimScott and Senator @LindseyGrahamSC voting to continue our wars in Iraq and Afghanistan without a Vote
Sen. Paul should be highly commended for trying to bring the clear instructions of our founding fathers back into reality!  #AUMF
They'll all get the message at midterms. We are all printing out this info and millions of us are going to canvass our communities with this
The effort is appreciated
keep fighting
I hate those dyslexic tricks they pull on voting
Motion to table of 61 Yays & 31 Nays Proves that more people are willing to fight the War Machine & Question the State Apparatus. Excellent!
Thank you for trying. Please never stop fighting to end #PerpetualWar
Bring up collateral issues. $20.162T debt w/$10T debt service.  Russia & China can just foreclose on US- what good is military weapons then?
#BlandRandPaul

Meanwhile:
This is unbelievable.
I'm so thankful for your effort. It means so much to me that you tried. Now we know who's got to go.
Who voted against the amendment?
Thank you for being one of the few sensible enough to fight for proper war declaration

The #AUMF 4 #GWOT kills innocent lives, fractures states, envelopes security, costs billion$ &is a sign of the times https://twitter.com/whtapl/status/907422118333136896 …
Although I will never support some of your views Rand, I appreciate the opportunity(?) for transparency you created https://www.paul.senate.gov/news/article/rare-op-ed-america-should-reject-the-false-appeal-of-socialism …
Primary those that oppose good sense and vote them out!
The ONLY thing I miss cutting the cable cord is cspan.
Thank you Dr Rand Paul for your bravery in defending the constitution & calling out traitors #StandwithRand #Revolution #Freedom #Liberty
Thank you for trying. Not enough like you. CSPAN has exposed all those unwilling to take back their responsibility from the Executive Branch
I was watching and learned something new today.
Don't agree with you often but this issue I totally agree.   Thank you.
@SenTedCruz @JohnCornyn pretty upset you two voted no on this. No intellectual credibility to say 2001 auth is good for today. Own your job
I think Cruz was too busy liking porn on his phone...
when the govt and mainstream media are in collusion....
We are all so sorry that you have to work with such obviously bribed & or blackmailed folks. We all appreciate you @RandPaul so keep it up!
although c-span does get it wrong later by saying the motion was to repeal authorizations for Iraq and Afghanistan wars, much more broad
What happens when another country bombs you and kills most of your loved ones and property, leaving you with nothing? Terrorist!
I don't want to hear anything from u worthless terds until u repeal health care, cut taxes, end daca, build a wall & finance infrastructure
Ride a horse that the people have top 4 items. No one had what you were trying to do as an interest in top 10. Stop losing and go Trump.
No bias there.
Thank you for trying, it's no longer draining the swamp it's more like flushing the toi***!
Good work Rand, this was worth a shot. It's frankly terrifying it had such bipartisan opposition.
the spin is "we voted to table because of procedure, not because we were against 16 year old expired legislation" - this is DC fiction
So when can we see who voted to kill this amendment? If my senators voted to kill it i will put them on blasr
Every time you put something up ugh!!
We need your voice and leadership now more than ever, Mr Paul. Hold the line, Sir. God bless.
Stubborn. Unnecessary for constituency. Dignitary are real&capable to confront real enemy by extraordinary intellect. Afghanistan needs time
Vote No
Closer vote than I thought it would be.  There might be hope.  Thank you for all you do @RandPaul
Plenty real enemies to fight. Stop dicking around-unnecessary for courtship of constituency by outstanding intellectual. Set priorities
Getting congress to follow the law is akin to herding cats. Every congressman thinks they're Top Cat.
Well they're wrong. There's only ONE topcat around here and it is moi 
Where do we get a list of the Senators who chose to table your Amd.?
I made this chart!
They tabled your Harvey amendment, now this. Your 1 of the few who deserves to serve. The rest are traitors to this Constitutional Republic!
Stop arming and funding terrorists>>> PROBLEM SOLVED
MOST of your measures get tabled, Rand. 
Here's a tip.  Conservatives in Congress need to ORGANIZE!
Nothing will happen until you all do.
Sadly it's over -they failed to #RepealAUMF but America is paying attention to the vote to see who votes for #PerpetualWar instead of #Peace
Repbs rush to vote more war & do nothing to stop abortion. Rand=Xian Senator. Write his name '20 Pres election. GOP won't give him a chance
Excuse me, how does this work now? Can you reintroduce this bill at any time?
is there an alternative to @cspan? I don't have cable.
Thank you for trying @RandPaul - MIC/ Deep State owns many of our congress, sadly.   You'll get my vote ...but, I'll vote to DITCH MITCH!!
#ReplaceMcConnell #DitchMitch
Anyone who's taking money from the industrial military complex and voting against congress controlling war shouldn't be in congress
The Swamp™, ladies and gentlemen.

This vote is your template for removal of #AmericaLast senators.
Well you tried. What now? War forever?

#StandWithRand
Thank you so much CSPAN for letting us know who is not willing to even discuss this matter with Rand Paul and the public.  #MAGA18 #REV18
May The Voters know the difference! Great Tweet!
Isn't the VA considered a single payer program? It's fully government controlled. Look at how many have died waiting for service. Corruption
Good
To "table", means straddling the fence in this part of the Country & Congress sure has a lot of "fence straddler's"! Votes to stay in office
Sorry Mr. Paul :(
Too bad it doesn't do the same to them.  Corporations Rule!  Yay, no more Constitution.   is 
How do we address the deep state funding and arming terrorists that our soldiers die fighting against?
War is a racket. 60% of the US Senate wishes to keep the money flowing eternally.
Good to know my tax money is going to pay politicians to vote to not vote. I wish I could have voted to not do my job today.
Problem is everyone watching C-Span inevitably falls asleep.
You have the most reasonable and well reasoned approach to American politics, and you should be commended for continuing to fight.
Thank you you are a shining light in that war mongering cesspool
How many nays does he need?
what a joke. democracy is failing the people.
You unfortunately have cowards for colleagues.
Suggested follow @uspreppernation
end all wars now. thank you from the left
A vote yes means they don't  want to bear the responsibility they were elected to bear.
I appreciate u
Dang nabit they need to understand that 2018 is coming and America will vote their sorry butts out. Keep trying @RandPaul
Keep fighting, Senator! Enough useless war mongering. Let's get back to putting America first!
The lie that they vote No because there is no replacement just like the establishment curruptocrats used with the O-care vote is no Fluke.
Democracy is fucked when instead of voting on something brought before them, they have a vote instead to not vote on it!
At least you stick to your guns.. There maybe a time and place though to compromise position towards center to achieve progress
I noticed that! Quite clear! This is why i watch CSPAN and refuse to watch the news!
People actually watch @cspan?
Just facts, no spiel.
#CSPAN = Commercial free of Noise and Political Slant. Absolutely! You don't watch it?
I think the producer @cspan is tired of the wars as well!
