How about auditing the ties of trump and his cronies to the Russians? Too hard?...hmm pretend he's HRC and it's an unsecured phone
@RandPaul
a Federal Reserve audit is long overdue & their outrageous interest rates on our national debt #alarming 
@Duffy_1958 @RandPaul @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews audit Fort Knox too. Last time subject broached; conspiracy theory..
with the fed printing paper money, who cares!
WELL I CARE TO BRING THE PRINTING OF USA MONEY FROM S. KOREA 2 USA, CARE?
the only thing we have is this printed money that relies on our credit
I'm not here to educate u, go figure it out...good luck Godspeed.
says the troll that doesn't want to back up his statements
no, just do ur own research, Godspeed...my job in trading is done for the day...higher things to work on...Godspeed to u..
Thanks Rand. I'm glad somebody is serious about draining the swamp. This bubble is getting out of control!
how about auditing the pentagon and finding that "missing" 6.5 TRILLION!
Auditing the federal reserve..... Great idea! #transparency #accountability
It would be a lot more important to audit the President's taxes and see what he owes to the Russians.
I'm all for the audit. 
Hope it doesn't get you and Trump killed like it did Kennedy.
It's clear you know NOTHING about anything that happened more than 10 minutes ago.
Please ask him if Soros paid him!
KGB Paul appearing on Russian Fox TV to declare Putin in charge now!
This would finally open the door to the real corruption in our country and the world...be very careful!
Nice. I'm going to a lecture at SMU tonight where the speaker will say why the Free Market is doing it for us. Attack all fronts!
My husband loves history and unraveling seedy connections!
I don't really understand why people would fear such an audit.  Transparency.  Isn't that a good thing?
saw it.  Of course the Fed. Reserve should be audited.  Don't let up, Rand Paul. Make it happen!
This needs to happen!! If the Federal Reserve has nothing to hide, a Major Audit shouldn't matter!!
Did you discuss homelessness and how the super low % rates are creating such high housing costs?
There needs to be some kind of checks and balance put into place for when housing prices are 15x salary.
this a Dems plea to follow the values of your conscious. Starting with not letting Price into the Trump secret society.
We should audit Fort Knox also. Has not been a public inspection in years!
you know who's going to lose their liberty? people of color whose voting rights will be attacked by jeff sessions, who you voted 4
I have thought for years that this would be your perfect mission! The Fed needs a little sunshine on it.
but you voted to confirm Jeff Sessions. Not sure you believe in liberty.
I for one can not wait for this to happen and should be done through out all government truth set u free
That is a GREAT IDEA!
How about that Sessions vote, Rand? Tyranny, much? You have NO principles nor integrity.
if holding the FED accountable is all you ever do in the Senate it's more than has been done in a 100 yrs
Time for those pols who defrauded American people to go to prison & FULL FORENSIC AUDIT
More imprtnt 2 audit UR colleagues. Speak against faux reality. No Alt Facts. Constitutxn is fact based
I just lost respect for you. These cabinets pick were horrible.
I hope your bill passes through and implemented.
all for audit But DON'T stand in way of TAX CUTS this year !!!!!!!!
Please stop.
How about you get Trump's taxes snd look at those?  Far more important.
Keep pushing for this Senator. I think Trump will be in favor.
great job Dr. Paul. It's long overdue that we audit the Federal Reserve and Elliott Abrams?!? Seriously?!?
liberty your destroying our country.
You tell him why you're scared of letting @elizabethforma read a letter from Coretta Scott King? Wuss.
#rnc #dnc #PizzaGate #letstalkaboutit #stopignoringit
Thank you Sen. Paul.  Personally think the FED should be "ended."
great interview 
The federal reserve was one of the biggest acts of treason against our nation. Audit? Abolish!!
I am all for it. You have house, Senate and WH. Go for it.
I think u will have trump on your side. He has a lot on his plate
Rand you are my favorite: intelligent and awesome!
Audit them!!
wish you were pushing your Ava reform more than the audit
Good news. Clean house
How about we audit the legislative branch. NO ONE WOULD HAVE A JOB.

Sen Paul: outstanding interview on TC's show tonight.  Wow! I have to watch rerun to digest all you said!
Get rid of the Fed!
will the audit finally happen or will it die again? It needs to be done. Uncover the infection beneath.
very important!!! Lay the hammer down!!!
You were great on Tucker! I hope you succeed in auditing the Feds!  Long over due!!
audit the Fed, please, you'll see the Globalist and New World Order come after you. I support you Sen Paul
@Bella_DAndalora @RandPaul @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews so true people will disappear off planet if they pry into fed.
nice interview!  And thanks for your vote today.
@realDonaldTrump I fully support a audit of the Federal Reserve!! #DrainTheSwamp
AUDIT THE FED PLEASE!!!!!
I can't believe you voted for devos.. I thought you were one of the good guys
A dose of liberty? You SOLD America's children to DeVos, https://www.youtube.com/attribution_link?a=hm-f3jab87U&u=%2Fwatch%3Fv%3DM4CVZnGJIzQ%26feature%3Dshare …
yawning right now
how about we audit EVERY legislator, past and current too. Then audit congressional spending.
Oh #Rand. I used to think you were a #freethinker. Alas, you aren't actually for anything that matters.
shame on you for confirming DeVos.
Recording the repeat program & will watch later. Please help Trump figure out the facts.
Rand. Please keep up the good work. Thanks for your service!!
I love your show! #MAGA need to shut the FED down!
The Fed is as corrupt that an audit may not be enough.No tolerance for incompetence on my part.
perhaps try also to check Trump's awfulness.
Glad to see Tucker taking on an important topic that doesn't have to do with Trump directly.
Will you be covering today's hearing?  Multiple reports that you evaded coverage. #setrecordstraight
senator when are you guys going to grow a pair or get a backbone or stop taking bribes
go fund me page and i will donate once a week
if you want to do anything for America do away with the Federal Reserve but you ain't got the balls
Uh.... we could skip the damn audit if we get rid of the #FederalReserve
can we get a Twitter spokesman on the show to explain this unjustified Twitter ban of Milo, et al.  
The Fed is a "barbarous relic! "

Audit it then abolish it!
.
.
TIME TO #AUDITTHEFED
I hope they pass your healthcare bill and audit the Fed this year. Would be incredible
could you instead tell KY teachers why you voted to ruin our public education system with @BetsyDeVos?
u dropped the ball by voting for devos, #WeWillRemember
how about reviewing @POTUS tax returns first?
Should audit everybody.  Even audit the auditors.
How about you discuss how you are a sellout by voting for DeVos?
how could you do this to our children why her? Why?
you are a traitor.
Auditing?? Why not shutting this banksters' pawn shop down...
It's Extremely Important! The Crooks & Cheats have been in charge of it. I'll bet it's empty! #maga
it's time to get something done. You all yelled "repeal and replace" for 7 years. Time to put up.
how bout you audit the fucking President?  Where are the tax returns promised? #resist
end the fed and watch the stock market drop 10,000 points in a week
and 2 wonderful minds come together. Love the show.
This is the best idea about federal funds
Federal Reserve is a SYMPTOM, not the problem. You keep hacking away at branches. Some of us are #StrikingAtTheRoot
YOU'LL NEED THIS RAND IF U WANT TO AUDIT THE FEDS...
OK lol #StandWithRand
I am going to miss you Senator Paul .The Federal Reserve doesn't react well to a challenge.Ask a Kennedy.
#StandWithRand
I hope it finally gets done!!
i will be there this is #realnews not #fakenews
fed reserve act of 1913 has been the main force that drives the globalist we are fighting NOW
@createtruespace @TuckerCarlson @FoxNews that's definitely a wise move! ditch altogether 
the bane Of all civilians rich or poor
SEC & Fed. are a huge reason for collapse, and have screwed a generation w/ low rates
#EndTheFed
Rand, audit the DOD. 

#NotMyPOTUS #WeAreAllMuslims
@cspanwj #UniteBlue #humor
Audit the Fed & the DOD
Great! See where else Obama spread taxpayer money around to, including his cronies.
It's a great idea if you're looking to commit an unusual suicide.
Go get 'em Senator. God Bless you for fighting the good fight.
@PeterSchiff 
@SpeakerRyan 
@SenateMajLdr
@RepThomasMassie 
@RonPaul 
@mike_pence 
@realDonaldTrump
maybe it will be able to get it done
Will be watching
nice job on the vote today!
You don't even know what the Federal Reserve is, do you? Look into it. You won't regret knowing
YES!  It's about time. I was audited 2 times.  If nothing bad good!  If something bad then we need to know
Ahh Rand, Ted Cruz is debating Sanders on ACA at 9pm on CNN. I guess you're on the Rand-Only team!
woah homies watch ur heads 
but you ignore your constituents and voted for Devos.
wow, everyone take a chill pill, @randpaul, you do a good job, After Obama refused to let you inspect. SAD
AUDIT THE FED!
@athrowback1 @Sheila_Bea_ Ted Cruz is debating Bernie Sanders on ACA at 9pm on CNN. Sad that we have a Rand-Only team!
How about working together and and stop being so divided
end the fed
Would prefer 2 hear U talk about Replacement Plan since Sen Cruz will B concurrently debating Bernie @CNN
How did he screw your kids? You don't want school choice & common core gone? You have gotta be joking. Bahahaha
Hey your causes are across the board, why don't you just pick one and finish it before you start another?
Senator it is much more important to audit @POTUS and explain how you could support DeVos. Be a leader!
I have to laugh at that ignorant statement. Educate yourself on the Fed.
audit is bad why?
Looking forward to this!#TuckerIsAwesome
me too!  Tucker gives no quarter
Will Be there! We love you Tucker! #MakeAmericaGreatAgain #HumanTrafficking #SaveOurChildren
AUSTRALIA IS READY TO GO, EACH DAY U HOLD BACK OUR COST IN LIFE  WILL INCREASE!!! SCORCHED EARTH ALL ZONES
sorry, I'll be busy watching @tedcruz debate @SenSanders
I used to think you were a voice of reason, until you voted for DeVos. #VotethemOut
maybe you can defend your vote on DeVos 2. I became a former rep. 2day. #mykidslose #NoOnDeVos
nothing else pressing to discuss. Like growing executive power, conflicts of interest. Or selling out KY.
growing executive power?! ha, where have you been the last 8 years?
I've been watching exec power growing out of control...and trump is a continuation.
How about discussing why you voted "Yes" on Betsy DeVos?
I'll have to pass watching that circle-jerk.  Sad!
how about ruining the careers of govt officials trying to make Civil Asset Forfeiture more difficult?
I will be watching! @randpaul @tuckercarlson @foxnews
@Tbrech1 @Firemonkuu Ted Cruz is debating Bernie Sanders on ACA at 9pm on CNN. Sad that we have a Rand-Only team!
Good point @lynn_rose1!  What to do! @tbrech1 @firemonkuu
I'd suggest the current issue is ACA; invite your liberal friends to watch so you can discuss it w/them
END THE FED
How about you discuss how your vote was bought and you sold out our children, teachers and parents today instead?  Shame on you!
Getting rid of common core is bad?
Ted Cruz is debating Bernie Sanders on ACA at 9pm on CNN. Sad that we have a Rand-Only team!
how 'bout talking about POTUS's conflicts of interest and tax returns
You know nothing about the Federal Reserve if you are actually more concerned about that. Lol
that's the problem. No one knows what they are doing. Hence the audit.
I'm sure most Americans think it is owned by the government lol
Federal Reserve = boom and bust terrorist organization
sign me up to help bro
