Washington needs to get out of the way...Repeal every last word of this failed law! Then allow the free market to compete for Americans!
What about ACA stifles free market competition?
Everything...America doesn't need government run HC. If they control our HC, they control the people. Ask Charlie Gards parents! #FullRepeal
Yes go ahead and ask them how much they spent on his care over the last few months. Would have gone bankrupt in America, free market or not
Communism?Really?Paranoid much. I've got socialized universal health care and no one is running around with a hammer and sickle. Get a grip
I would say it's communist simply from the standpoint that pricing is micromanaged and centrally planned and no one asks questions. It is
Actually interesting, but if you ask the avg. citizen in single payer countries how many financial statements they've read from hospitals
And medical companies they almost all say "well zero." So it's communist in terms of it being centrally planned and no one asking questions.
Your leadership has failed
Since when is collective bargaining a free market idea? No thank you. Take your farmer co-op collective back to KY.  In CA, we need REPEAL!
Single payer.
Little late senator you already caste your vote to take away their insurance last week.
@WLKY something you do BEFORE you vote on health care bill.. #CommonSense
Here's an idea: Loosen restrictions on opioids. It's become a battle to access medicine proven to work. So many people in pain!!
Did you explain to them why you feel so compelled to break your Hippocratic Oath?

why haven't YOU come up with a plan? all you do is talk...write a plan! u knoew it was failing and did nothing
Stop the political circus and get it done !!
Rand is a man with a plan
A little late for just getting started
Perhaps the wrong folks?
Please just repeal
As long as it includes repeal and it does not resocialize Healthcare, good. Thanks for all you effort.
YOU NEED TO QUIT NOW. YOU HAVE LOST ALL SANITY.
Big backlash on D.C. republicans goin on! That hero shooter was just the tip of the iceberg! Ur future is at stake and u don't even care!
You guys are hilarious. The answer is right in front of you, but you're all so beholden to insurance companies that you can't see it.
love ya Senator Paul  WE NEED PEOPLE LIKE YOU
Repeal not fix.
What the hell are kentuckians?  Is that a chicken breed?
Rand Paul- eternal obstructionist.
You are the only one it seems willing and able to come up with a 'good' plan !!
It's not that hard. I thought we had a good idea 7 years ago. Repeal all of Obamacare. Simple
Why are you speaking about HC , if there will be no vote ?
It only needed to be fixed after the government stepped in. Healthcare, like all industries, do best w/o government interference
.So, were you wearing you Kevlar vest?
Haha! As if you care whether Kentuckians can afford healthcare 
Un-ACA & HC & insurance corps are a racket. Best thing fed gov can do is get out of the way & deregulate & erase state borders. @AAPSonline
Now I am craving KFC
Really. You all had 7 years.   Unplug the sewer!!!!
Here's an idea. Complete repeal. I don't see healthcare in the Constitution.
Health Care REFORM must be part of the solution. Not more costs to taxpayers. Charges are out of control.
You're the best Rand. TY.
End these bailouts
Repeal. Period
To much talk no action. You all should have ACA as your own insurance
There has got to be a way to cut our the middle man except for catastrophic insurance.
Why haven't you been doing that for the last 7 years?
24 need some help
You could start by getting so called republican congressmen to do something... other than whine!
Thank you!  Lets just fix this mess.
Sie haben in Amerika eine healthcare
nehmen Sie die einfach die beim Volk
beliebte #Obama_Care
The best way to fix health care is to require EVERYONE in govt to be under the plan or get out of the business all together! No free ride!
Huh!!!!To fix or repeal???
WHAT'S WRONG C CONGRESS? WHAT'S WRONG WITH FREEDOM? O'CARE UNCONSTITUTIONAL INTERFERES C PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS NO HEALTH NO HAPPINESS !!!!!
#StandWithRand
Get all of the Kentucky legislators together and sue the Government, the ACA is unconstitutional.
What have you been doing the last 7 YEARS???  Rand????
@WLKY Good Rand your the only one that seems to have a brain and balls in congress. #logic #reason
Thank you Rand Paul ,where was fearless leader ?@SenateMajLdr @POTUS  No quitters from Kentucky!  No recess until the work is done, go to 51
Mr Anti Everything is going to find a reason to go against everything. Him and his do nothing counterparts are useless.
Kentuckians, internationally renowned health care experts.  #rateregulation
Obamacare is not fixable.Get rid of it completely.Anything else is unacceptable.
Why aren't  Repubs passing competiton across state lines?  Why haven't  broader association options passed.  These could already be in law!
You should watch this
You are the one that is gonna have to make it happen!  You are the man!!!
Health insurance info needs to be open and available on weekends - simple hack!
You are about taking it away
Senator: while opiates are frequently prescribed... Hep C drugs most expensive to program (50+% due to drug use) #DON'T FEED THE DEER
Don't stop on Obamacare until you have  a FULL REPEAL AS PROMISED. DON'T MOVE ON! You need $ for tax deal!  It can be done quit scamming us!
Senator: the second most Rx group under Mcade..OPIATES...Ten ten states with highest OD death rates have EXPANDED Medicaid
Senator: The Oregon Medicaid Study shows no improvement in any measurable health parameter at 3+ years.. if a drug it would not be approved
Senator: End the Medicaid expansion...it has cost twice what expected, is ineffective and decreases access for the truly needy
Rand, that's good! Actually, that's exactly what you elected officials have to do! Get up out of Washington & talk to real people.
Employers should not have to cover healthcare expenses. End ins co and pay straight to ourselves for #singlepayer
By "fixing" healthcare, do you really mean "destroy" healthcare? I don't see you as a fix-it kind of guy.
Yesterday you tried to justify your betrayal of the American people and why you joined a minority to stop repeal and replace.
No one wants you to do this. Listen to the majority of people. You don't want to fix it, you want to scuttle it. Libertarian at heart. Stop.
Concierge medical care + Catastrophic ins
Turn it over to the free market and stop being a coward.
Fix ! Fix ! What the hell happened to repeal ? Bastards
Just vote for to get rid of Obamacare if it is so great why don't you get I'll tell you why you want bc it isn't worth a crap n you know it.
You need to fix the Senators!
Heath insurance not health care.
Good place to start.....please share what you learn with all your senate colleagues.
Stop trying to placate insurers. Don't listen to suits. Ask US! We are real health care providers out here practicing. We have solutions.
That's what the people of Kentucky  want to hear, fix the problems with current healthcare not to take it away!
Nothing is gonna change..all this wasted time and nothing..
Complaining the ACA is failing while you are sabotaging it is WRONG. Support it #FixACA, and make it better. Intentions make the difference!
Please let it go,move forward, work bipartisanly on doing "Good". A country cannot be Great unless it is GOOD to its most vulnerable people
Tell us why you are so hell bent on taking away our affordable healthcare?  If you have a problem in KY, fix it.  Don't penalize all of us.
You don't have to fix healthcare! You have to fix health insurance or you won't have any doctors in 10 years 
We're moving on according to McConnell. Where were you, the last 3 months Rand?
Here's an idea, get Government out of it.  Develop markets for employers/employees to buy in and create markets for unemployed
Thank you!We are expecting you to ALL come together & deliver us the worlds BEST HEALTHCARE! I'm confident w/your powers combined, U can do!
Believe in your idea of groups for indvl mkt. get Congress to pass rather than @POTUS executive orders so can't be reversed!
Spoke to a friend of mine in KY. He says that you regularly meet with him & KY residents in general. You're true to your roots! TY
Dr.Josh Umber Co-Ops are a GREAT IDEA! Have you talked with him? He's in Kansas I think & has set up GREAT CARE!
@WLKY Chamber of Commerce is not exactly meeting regular everyday Kentuckians.
So you told the people of Kentucky that you're going to work collaboratively to #ImproveACA? Fabulous news! 
As a former Kentuckian, I recommend my idea: http://Changehealth.today   Let people control their own care. #listentodoctors
A little late Paul.
My goodness, just get it done!
How about taking a look at the atrocities committed daily by The Kentucky Cabinet in the #CorruptFamilyCourts? @AmericasTaken
give health care to the states.
Ppl don't need a catastrophic Insur they need something they can use.
Here's an idea, quit forcing us to bail out insurance companies and help the damn people who elected you! #BanLobbyists
There is no fix for socialism...
Did include admitting Obamacare isn't going to be repealed and that Rs are going to have to work with Ds to fix it?
Did you wear ear plugs?
Go Rand!
Yeah, repeal ACA.
How about straight repeal
Senator Paul, I believe Congress shall pass no law that they, their families or associates are exempt. @POTUS strike their exemptions!
Send it back to the states. If wacky CA wants single payer let them create it. If KY wants free market let them do it their way. #Federalism
I can't believe the Senator is naive or believes most Americans are idiots. Insurance companies do not want to insure the sick
Face it, its over.  The GOP Senate is too corrupt to do one simple act that they ran on for 7 years.  You all all a bunch of FRAUDS!
I wish I could talk to you. The problem is it is too encompassing. The skinny bill is the way.
VT's largest employer is SEIU-NEA~90% of property taxes go to Ed Fund~VT is double dipping w/Act60-CommieCore! @VTDigger @OANN @GovPhilScott
No Congress and staff subsidies.
Did you also tell them that you are bailing on the most vulnerable of the Kentuckians? Your vote of the skinny bill was a total fraud!
How about congress gets off their butts and do what we elected them to do and get onboard with Trumps agenda. #Repealandreplace
Should have started day 1 it passed. Very frustrating all this talk and no ACTION.
Yet again all talk. The problem of health Care is beyond anyone in office today. Will never be fixed in my lifetime
I wish you could convince my senator @senrobportman of your views... actually, @SenSherrodBrown too, but he's likely a hopeless case.
Stop sabotaging Obamacare and fix it! F the oligarchs!!!!
Again? How bout you just go ahead and actually do something.
How about getting the federal government out of it.
Hey Paul get the rest of your team to join the President.
Fix no replace
REPEAL!!!!!!
It is socialized medicine and a tax burden. ACA also drives up our debt. It doesn't work and never will.
Fix ACA.
You're the reason we still have Obamacare. You and all the other Republican senators are worthless disappointments.
Did you talk about how KY already had one of the best health care systems and your own gov't torpedoed it because it was under the ACA?
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity Remove heads from butts, Repeal ACA allow states to develop Concierge Healthcare instead of gov insurance!
I like idea of being able to join big groups. Everyone join congressional health plan with all the subsidies & benefits citizens don't get.
There should be a single risk pool with all citizens.
RINO get out!
Why aren't all you guys in DC talking to each other?
the way u want to fix can't be fixed until you eradicate poverty. some people can't buy insurance period.
It is ridiculous repeal should have been done already and we should be over with all this madness our Congress is dysfunctional and crooked
Maybe you should join the Dems as well
Mr Paul - turn it over to the state's - they know what their state needs. Get the Fed's out of controlling HC. States have different needs.
Some states ar corrupt as hell! Did you know that ALL states gave our tax $ for schools and infrastructure to hrc campaign. That won't work
Not if they attach a law starring that it is only for HC - not infrastructure; donations if any kind; not to schools, etc. They are saying.
100% repeal ACA. 
Free market, free people.
And let's bring back no pre-existing conditions.
Really? You only have one idea: no healthcare
#FullRepeal or Full Insurrection.  Period.
Yes No ACA repeal. Just tweek it as it's working. Stop Trump Pence purposeful lies sabotage of ACA.
Dump all GOP Reps voting for ACA repeal
Single payer. Eliminates cost and covers everybody. Fact
its easy. just get the senate to repeal and leave it alone
They didn't vote for repeal because what was replacing it was worse and would hurt people. That's obvious
Hopefully you have the same plan we have with 10,000 dollar deductible
Heard on the radio this morning we pay 70% of Congress' and their staff's healthcare. We've been played for fools. @POTUS End waivers!
I'm on Medicare,$114 month premium, $200 deduction
I'm not there yet, but our out of pocket every year since 2010 has usually been $12,000-15,000.  One really bad year, it was $22,000.
Fix yes not repeal #selfish
Get'er done Rand let's MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
members of employer health risk pools have no skin in the game paying for the care of those screened out /dumped into the individual market
How do you FIX the eggs used to bake a cake?? After the cake has been baked  Problem is you DON'T
You have the best Ideas on health care, I don't have a clue why no one pushes them through.

Hope they have you an earful . BIPARTISAN FIX!! Fix it!!
Your idea will kill a lot of Americans ... more than #ISIS
How about totally private HC with Federal and States owned insurance corporation to pay some of it to citizen after use. Poor-care by FED ?
Replacement should NOT be an option. That is just another big govt program funded by some taxpayers! #FullRepeal #Obamacare NO subsidies!
ACA protections save lives. Annual/lifetime caps, no PE coverage, no essential benefits, & kicking sick people off insurance kills.
Why do they ignore your 4 page Healthcare plan? Because it's so simple and comprehensive? Keep pushing it Senator!
Just give healthcare back to the free market.
Yes, ammend the healthcare law to simply let people CHOOSE what they want. Domestic, foreign, private, goverment or none at all. Simplify.
I am the polish currency manipulator that triggered brexit with a gold trade
The only FIX im looking for is total complete REPEAL & go back to pre - obamacare!
Pre-ACA families to lost their homes and lives. We need to keep ACA protections!
That's the problem. We have discussed it for 7 years. We need action not more talk. How many times can u whip a dead horse
That's funny all you guys do is discuss all talk no action Americans are suffering and all you do is talk it's embarrassing do your jobs
Sir, get with your likeminded peers and get it repealed.
Replacing McCain and Murkowski would be one heckuva start.
McCain, Collins and Murkowski are real heroes! They saved your mama's healthcare
That's funny! Oh, you're serious....
Please keep at it.
@WLKY Randal, please spend less time in the hair salon and preening for cameras and more time on fixing this country.
I thought you already had repeal & replace for the last 4 election cycles, what is the healthcare conversation about
REPEAL PERIOD enough said
It's time to end the phony politics & make bipartisan law fixing healthcare for millions of Americans.
You are good man , Rand ! Just like your father !
Lots of coal miners in Kentucky , black lung ailments rampant .. you are perceptive !
But let's get rid of pre-existing conditions for those miners by throwing out ACA.
Well, as you and everyone ran on, it starts with a #FullRepeal
Give the money to the states and go on to tax reform!
@seanhannity gave you the blueprint
Losing faith in you...
STHU an Just Do It...You should lose your insurance too!  Fed Up with all of you do nothing no nothing clowns!!!!
