You're a good guy Rand, and I'm sure if Trump wants to declare War he will respect the Constitution and seek approval.

and he said sometimes things change. No war intended therefore approval not needed
Or try and profit from it 24 hours later
Sen Paul wilfully ignores 1973 War Powers Act & subsequent legislation authorising such actions. His pretend sanctimony is nauseating.
Don't forget, folks. this guy and his Dad are avowed isolationists....
Just like most of the @GOP "really" wanted to end Obamacare until they could take a simple vote to END the MANDATE.  Politicians don't care!
So very sad but true.  See ya healthcare debate.......hello more war!  :~(
Omg, rand paul trying to shame us? Thank God Trump doesnt need permission, you guys can't keep your mouths shut & can't agree on ANYTHING.
Then why isnt constitution perse prose kenstinethrushun
This is why U won't ever B President either. How dare U tell us that we don't believe N the Constitution. We saved this Country from Hillary
Maybe U should reread it.
Oh yes you are just so smart right you know everything if we trusted you then you would of been the nominee for RNC but you weren't grow up
"We should be initiating a war if we go to war"? Huh?
Sounds like your butt hurt bc, he stood up and didnt ASK YOU FOR PERMISSION?! REALLY Ran Paul. Get over yourself. He's the President not U.
This saddens me. I had begun to have confidence in him. Gotta rethink it now
Don t jump ship, stay LOYAL TRUMP needs us. I too was disapp. Esp after mccain was pushing 4 it. But.quick specif target. Huge world respect
Show of strength is fine but let's keep it that way.. If trump starts invading and setting up no fly zones etc he's betraying alot of voters
you don't need other to initiated a bill to punish Administration yet we get just words.make others go on record.
WRONG AGAIN, SENATOR
Sen. You are one of the few who is right, Assad was set up, now U.S.weakened the Christians in Syria,Assad was protecting them.ISIS is happy
. P
Even if it means sacrificing the constitution? If you thought that's what was happening, wouldn't you feel you had to speak up?
That's kenßtatetwintushun
We have your back in the hopes u do the right thing @RandPaul 
Please don't let us end up in a unnecessary war!
Sometimes Rand is in the wrong side of the fence.
Which makes me on the fence with Rand Paul!
Then you will be like him, sometimes a loser.
That's life. You win some you lose some.
Mouth of the South why didn't you and your cronies  have a new medical  Bill ready to go on Fay one u only had 6 or 7 years
What a bowl of crap Rand-read the constitution
You'd think Rand would know more than us. I liked him before this now I'm on the fence.
I know Dee, he seems to be standing in the way of many moves by President. What's his play?
His play is, he's a principled constitutionalist, and not a going to put party over those principles. Consistent, unlike Trumpsters
Rand is correct again. Wow, twice in one day. 45 continues to show utterbdisdain for the Constitution.
Actually he is wrong. Targeted air strikes is not a declaration of war.
What is it? A Nintendo game ?
Honey, if you don't know the difference, stay out of the conversation.  You only make yourself look foolish and/or ignorant.
You are wrong on this one.  Bombing is an act of war.
You are a brave man...
@tempteststorm2 All the party infighting is getting zip done. Why r u on 2 weeks vacation when U have done nothing? Compromise & help Peeps
Comb you hair, stop whining and get on board. Change that tie also. MAGA!
RUN FOR POTUS IN 2020. Warmonger Trump a traitor to the American people. He has LOST his supporters. Syria first,USA last as deep state want
Educate yourself @RandPaul your clearly wrong!
The President didn't go to War he eliminated additional Chemical Bombing Raids by The Syrian Satan. Are Mad you didn't get your name in News
Initiate war? We bombed airfield. Syria is now on notice.
I wish more people thought like @RandPaul
This was not a move to war, it was a warning to not use chemical warfare on your babies & children.
I am hearing the Asad bombing wasn't a gas bombing, he bombed a building that the rebels were making chemical weapons in.
Funny. After Rand Paul has dinner and golf with Trump. Like Cruz. All BS and hot air. Do what Trump says
Huh? You do realize he's contradicting Trump, right? Or do you just blindly blather when you see an (R) next to someone's name?
#maga #constitution
You must be kidding Rand, you should go change your party affiliation. You're whining is exhausting.
You have more people than you can know that feels the same Sen. Paul.
The Terrorists are the ones to benefit from a chemical attack on Assad's people, but no investigation...hey, go kill more innocent children!
to the will of the Syrian people... makes NO sense Assad would do this! To attract condemnation?? Wake-up to the lies and B.S.!!
Assad is winning the war against the Terrorists, peace negotiations underway, Trump declared 5-6 days ago that he will leave Assad’s fate...
I favoured Trump over Hillary as the lessor of 2 evils (less of a warmonger). What Trump did last night shows he is a hypocrite!
As mentioned by other posters this was not a declaration of war. Therefore, no need to go through congress.
WE agree there and support the Constitution 100%...but we think you are wrong here.
Rand Paul, get out of the way.
You are such a weak man
al Assad gassed babies with a powerful nerve gas did you see little ones with convulsions and diing  it was disgusting he deserves worse.
There are times you and others cannot be involved in everything he doesnt even have a full cabinet..yet
Sad to say, but the Constitution has been a dead letter for a long time now.
No sir, just a super minority mired in an amoral, self-centered USA-only ethic hardened to the sight of sarin gassed preschoolers. Shut up!
Oh man, those were pre schoolers?
I thought they were pre suicide bombers.
So hard to tell with muslims.
No current law can stop Trump or a future US president from launching nukes on a whim http://read.bi/2nmT0lg 
Please Fox stop giving the idiot Rand Paul ANY air time! He will be voted out asap! He is always against Trump. He's as good as gone!
You can gain credibility in just one day. #randpaul lost it and @POTUS gained it
MAGA
Wrong... the constitution says Congress has to approve war...this is not war, for heavens sake!
Yes, thank God you are in the minority. You are ARROGANT to suggest that only a "few" still believe in the Constitution!
Sure ain't any of the Democrats

Sen R.Paul maybe in the minority in understanding the Constitution on presidential acts on conflicts. Maybe he knows more about medicine???
Well u need to read it
Why so silent when Obama was droning US citizens without due process or congressional approval? Trump didn't bomb civilians but 1 airfield
You say you believe in the Constitution yet you don't seem to UNDERSTAND it!  Trump acted within scope of the law!
Our military is already in Syria. Doesn't that legally give the president permission to use military force? Touchy situation!
Could really like Sen Paul if he put forth facts instead of mixing facts with his perspective on the law to make it fight his agenda
You need to go back a read that constitution then.
Maybe you few only believe your version of the Constitution.     Some fight about everything.  Back off Senator, you were not elected .
Unfortunately he's right.
We have one President and he was voted in.  Let him be "The commander- In-Chief.  stop performing for the media.
Splitting hairs. I guess Drone strikes are not really War Acts.
Might want to learn the constitution!!
Paul believes in his interpretation of the Constitution. Doesn't mean he is correct. He sometimes talks because he likes to hear himself
Senators-elect must swear or affirm that they will "support and defend the Constitution." Traitors should resign  #Constitution #Judas
You are not in the minority of those who have read it. We have not declared war.
Pres Trump had the authority to execute a contained targeted strike
Rand Paul is a communist liberal traitor. He would allow the evil of the usage of chemical weapons to kill more innocent lives.
At some point in time you have to stop crying it's not constitutional and stand up and deliver.Start w/ your promised ObamaCare replacement.
You lost creditability when you didn't support the AHC Bill & show solidarity with POTUS. Senate w/h changed it anyways.
It's ok to believe in constitution, but don't pretend to be absolute authority on portion debated for over 200 years
WHINING is Not Cool At This Point...Man up and Stand with Our @POTUS Trump.
What would @RandPaul response B if he won? Bottom line_Time 2stand w @POTUS _Paul should have private talks with Trump_Stop airing laundry.
A shade self righteous?

**NEW: 
If the evil gassing of children isn’t justification for giving the perpetrator a bloody nose, then what is?
http://dailym.ai/2nLGsza  
>> 90% of all Media in the US
Controlled by 8 Corporations
Corporations collect profits from WAR
what voice would we hear
but of the Owners
Libertarians problem: Explicit WMD use on children: Not worthy of a targeted military strike.  could describe this view as cowardly.
@RandPaul's comment insinuating few believe in constitution is really dumb. This wasn't declaration of war or major military engagement.
Maybe @RandPaul would rather have scheduled public hearings before @realDonaldTrump order the strike?
how many more hve to die to get congress off their ass. it wouldnt hve not got done waiting on congress.
If they could act in a reasonable time frame I could see such a vote. They spend to much time arguing the action would be too late.
And a hypocrite, you call for #POTUS come to Congress for debate & authorization then say  it "should not be authorized" so much for debate
we the people dont matter.
Grow a pair of balls rand. Bullies need to be busted in the mouth
Not so sure.
I think most Americans care for the Constitution and that is why a DJT was elected who cares nought for the Washington circus.
Rand, if Congress and the senate wasn't such a joke maybe we could do that but it would take weeks and how many leaks would there be
@FoxNews @RandPaul stop fighting the president and work with him or go back to Medical Practice
ANEN ANDY #SyriaStrikes #FridayFeeling #FOXNewsWorld #FoxNewsUS #ProudAmerican #FoxNation #Trump #TrustIsPower
***AMEN
Opportunist.
Unfortunately that is true.
I BELIEVE IN THE CONSTITUTION AND FOR 8 YRS THE @GOP DID NOTHING TO STOP OBAMA RUINING THE WORLD & OUR COUNTRY. WHERE WAS THE @GOP THEN
The @GOP is now an explicitly anti-American organization.
TRAGIC REVELATION. WE THE PEOPLE BELIEVE IN USA CONSTITUTIONAL LAW AGAINST FOREIGN AND INTERNATIONAL LAW OF PROGRESSIVE RESISTORS REPUBLIC
~ What would You have us do? Nothing, like BO?!
I have lost all faith in your judgement -rethinking my support for you on ACA repeal.  Either you're lying or ignorant on POTUS air strike
There is to many leaks in the Gov 2 Hv voted B all over the news puttingAreMen And Women's Lives at Risk some of Chemicals bombs r gone now
Syrian Nerve Gas attack 2 do nothing normalize its use & invites a nerve gas attack here in US.
@FoxNews @RandPaul One sane soul n DC.
Well if this is the cadet then they shouldn't be serving in OUR government!!  Who are they so WE know??!
Obama used it as toilet paper for eight years.
Quit acting like Junior High Kids & start accomplishing SOMETHING for the American People!
The Constitution works great under a functional government! The @ussenate & @USCongress are disfunctional...
Yo, Rand, be part of the solution instead of spreading misinformation about Constitutional requirements.
Declaration of war - Wikipedia https://goo.gl/HskB47 
I dislike hearing that Senator. Contitutional first
It's surprising to see @RandPaul make this all about him, he's never done that before
Rand Paul's ideas not real world. House & Sen. have proven inability to function efficiently in a fast paced world. War powers act applies.
Oh c'mon.
And he wonders why he didn't get further in the primaries...
By the time you lot made a decision it woukd be xmas.
And that's really sad. Longest standing government in history, and ppl want yo throw it away.
Of course it is unconstitutional as per constitution of Asad/Syria. If one looks hard enough the air one breaths can be unconstitutional.
You are always your way or noway, he did not declare war, he hit back after childrennand babies were murdered, grow a pair off balls.
Let's see:  Rand Paul, Ted Cruz, Mike Lee, ???? Who else can be considered????
.@FoxBusiness & @RandPaul Here's a great explanation of why action by @POTUS was LEGAL:
There is only one of you who constantly says he knows the Constitution, but is wrong all the time: #RamblingRand. Talk, talk, talk no action
TRUMP SHOULD'VE GOTTEN PERMISSION, I AGREE. BUT WE DON'T WANT TO GIVE AWAY MILITARY ACTIONS!
He didn't need permission!
I agree with him but there are people in congress that can't be trusted!!! It would have been leaked, guaranteed
And extremely dangerous considering the relationship ASSAD has with PUTIN and KIM and their NUCLEAR ARSENALS.
Yes Rand Paul U are a Minority or just anti-Trump???  I agree with Trumps actions & I believe in the Constitution...
@RandPaul 
We need to find more people like you and @tedcruz
Rand only believes in the Constitution when convenient or to spout red meat for his base.
