There is no such thing as bipartisan anymore
Political theater

Unfollowed
Releasing criminals on a pinky promise that they will show up to court is not the answer
Get bent.
More coverage of bipartisan work like this, please & thank you!
@cnn has another agenda which is to begin promoting her for a run at the presidency in 2020. She is a corporate tool.
The private bail industry doesn't cost tax payers a penny. All bail reform does is create more Gov control and taxes.
Why not drain the sewer of everyone who supported Lynch, Comey, Clinton foundation, Nat Sec, in masking,, anti-police. kH is pro violence
Where were leaders on hate baiting violent Marxist "do nothing"riots:iSacramento,  San Jose? Carpetbagger  Napolitano?All support by silence

10 Billion?!   That should be a crime!
You mean trump
2020 Rand/Kamala or Kamala/Rand ticket sounding really sweet
I can think of worse tickets like the Illegitimate Trump/Pence
a Kamala/Paul ticket would work very much-so long as Kamalas on top always
Too bad u can't do same on Healthcare. Single Payer!!!!!!!
Can you work with  her on healthcare?
Great to see! Now we just need Sessions to get fired (after Mueller investigation is done), so we can move forward with CJ reform.
That/s nice but the GOP has failed to do these 3 major promises!
Crap like this is why He will not get re-elected . What a show boat.
You are very wrong! He has always spoke out on CJR & he is absolutely correct. I'll vote for him again. We love him in KY.
Bipartisan is the right way to govern
@RandPaul -
Every Medical Org against @SenateGOP Bill(s). Per @ACSCAN 
The process is disingenuous and not addressing the needs. Fix the gaps in the ACA ado your jobs.
Shi is a political grandstander and I hate that you are giving her any credibility that she wants to help the american people
Kamal's Harris racist white hater anti American 
Bwahhh
@KamalaHarris is a corporate tool.
I'd make bet she's only working with you because she's planning on running against Trump in 2020
So??
Traitorous act.
Working across the aisle is traitorous?  We are not crips and bloods.  We are all Americans w/ different points of view.  We can compromise
Good work Sen. Rand Paul 
Don't do the crime if you can't get do the time. I would expect this from Harris, not Paul. Is this really an important issue?
Rich people do the crime & don't have to do the time
KAMALLA HARRIS TRAITOR VOTE OUTVOTE MAGA
This is fantastic! This is a step that can move us towards a more fair and just society.
#StandWithRand
Clean repeal. Flood the market with insurance.
Shame on you for a yes vote this morning. I hope voters remember that in the coming months
We need more of this on so many levels
Kamala Harris. Seriously, Mr. Paul, you are better than that.
What is wrong with finding common ground on issues we agree on?
Randy Paul is a RINO "Loser". Who made him the spokesperson for the GOP. As I recall he was "REJECTED" in the Pres. Primary by the GOP .
Every Senator is a spokesperson.  It's literally part of the job
You are working with the Devil.
Well now. Is healthcare in the justice system part of the reform?
Hope things like make them work for their food, electricity, housing, clothing, maintenance, city beautification, reparations
Aye yi yi.
Don't tarnish her star by your hate mongering issues
Despicable you're working with her
Pandering!!!  Both of em. Another useless federal law
Better be careful with her,willie Brown got around
This dem Camila is a sell out as is Rand Paul and his Dad, Ron Paul, dems and rep both sell outs
Rand Paul, your dad running for pres stated that rape is ok in corporate America 2012
Bravo! 
Just the fact that there's bipartisanship on anything at this juncture is heartening. There is a big diff btwn have & have nots w/bail/jail.
A breath of fresh air
This is good work. Thank you.
Relieved & inspired to see you working bipartisan lines (tho I'm not surprised - you're one of few AMAZING senators, sir). #StandWithRand
Great news. Good to see a Dem & Rep working together. More importantly, working to fix a "criminal" criminal Justice system!
K. Harris is using you. I KNEW you 2 would end up on CNN.They're trying to prop HER up for presidential run.Don't be used by CNN/other Libs.


U DOUCHEBAGS DONT EVEN WORK WITH YOUR OWN PARTY!
Refreshingly adult. Keep up the good work!



http://www.politico.com/story/2017/07/26/democrats-schumer-health-care-241010 …


https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/opinions/gop-senator-why-i-cannot-support-trump/2016/08/08/821095be-5d7e-11e6-9d2f-b1a3564181a1_story.html …



do u know wat 'bipartisan' means, AHOLE?
I love you
Please inform her that her views on civil forfeiture are disgusting and unAmerican
Jake Tapper and Kamala Harris! Rand Paul is totally losing it!!!!!!!!!
Facade - an outward appearance that is maintained to conceal a less pleasant or creditable reality.

@PoliticsPeach @CCCINNC

"Lie to me...
Lie to me...
And I'll just try to make believe
That everything you tell me is true"
= Establishment trying to put FRESH faces on their Old Lies...
Sold your soul?
In this divided country, we need more of this! Thanks & keep working together!
https://www.facebook.com/myiannopoulos/videos/977813092356586/?fref=mentions …
It is when we work together that we create laws that last and or not subject to the legal revolving that is produced out of partisanship.
Lost all respect now!!
You are both models of what good lawmakers should be... Bipartisan.
Lost a lot of respect for you working with that evil woman
Not pleased that you teamed up with Harris. She is AntiLife and Big Government.  Why give her any credibility?  Shame on you.
cooperation might be the clue
great effort
I can agree w/the bail being determined p2p basis but both should look into
-Gini Coefficient
-Relative Poverty
Don't sell yourself and us out.  Tea Party has still got your back
She could easily be the next president!
Free Terry Trussell wrongly in prison from Dixie county Florida. The system is broken, people in government lied, governor Scott did nothing
More of this sort of stuff!!! 
We desperately need law & order reform!
Rand... Don't. Trust. Her.
Senator RAND Paul should watch his back with Kamala Harris
http://www.yesimright.com/how-obama-is-secretly-giving-money-to-radical-muslims-to-kill-jews/ …
NOW WE HAVE A LOVEFEST FOR SESSIONS-THE DEMS HAD TO ENGAGE.  YOU COULD NOT HAVE DONE IT WITHOUT TRUMP AND FRENEMIES WAR.  OPPOSITE DAY WORKS
You are a sellout @RandPaul, a total shame that you are nothing like your father. He is a REAL constitutionalist. 2018 will be your demise
It needs to be fixed so that criminals like the Clintons and their minions go to prison! Sick of witch hunt with no evidence. Lots on Dems.
What I would do 1) remove for profit prisons.2) remove all non violent offenders and future offenders with heavy fines and community service
Please stay away from that snake!
Looked up more info. U should too. Scary. Does not support our police. Know who u r in bed with.
Don't work with that Democrat trash!
#randpaul2024 How anyone can't see that he is the best, most principled, honest politician in Washington, I don't know.
This is great but I will never forget your efforts to kill people by taking away their healthcare Rand. That's inhumane and very GOP
@B_RandonADams progress? Possibly
I saw and enjoyed what they both had to say, the fact people are trapped in jail is a shame
Let's hope it isn't just talk and something comes from it.
Excellent. How about working together on Healthcare!!  Maybe working across party lines can become the new normal. We the ppl than you.
Good luck. She will run u over purposefully. No brakes. Watched her bullying tactics not caring 4 truth or results. Beyond rude 2 
Great work! Working together means everyone wins. I am happy to see this. Hope the bill to reform passes. Good luck Senators.
Don't go on CNN, your enabling them.
What a joke working with her how about healthcare and tax reform working with republicans and not obstructionists
Working with the enemy of the 2020 election
But you do know she's a snake, right?  Expect to be bitten!
Love Kamala!
The VA was horrible,yet U guy's  did nada!Trump comes and things get done,you wusses need replacing .
My podcast misconduct. covers a lot of criminal injustice, good to see this legislation in the works!
Thank you both for this.  It's one of the most needed things in America today, IMO.
Senator Paul, please read President Trumps Snake poem.
Rand, lay down with dogs and you'll get fleas!
Uhmmm.....are you sure Rand?
Russian/Foreign corruption in US banking, bz, policy needs work.
No coverage remarkable Sen testimony this morning.
https://www.c-span.org/video/?431852-1/william-browder-overturning-magnitsky-act-putins-top-priority …
She is an ignorant socialist, a major danger, don't do a fucking thing with her, my emails on my profile check in I'll let you know herStory
This can't be good. Kampala Harris, seriously?
It'd be even better if it was tripartisan
Don't:
Two of our best representatives!
It's about the poor not race.
I am confused and disappointed on this one.
@RandPaul has always been consistent on this issue. Finally, some common ground in DC
I don't love Rand Paul overall but I love his position on Criminal justice reform. I'm glad some serious work is being done for once.
My Top Senator @KamalaHarris  @RepJayapal  I love these tow amazing lady's their my Rockstar
Shouldn't you be working on health ins.24/7 till it's done.
Mr. Paul you are getting taken for a ride stay far away from that lady she's nothing but bad news
I believe Rand is smart enough to know all about her.  Working together on a good bill is not the same as deciding to sell the Republic out
Senator, bullet lists work best to inform public. Appreciate fact you are on the ball earning your keep!
Amazing, thank you both.
Love bipartisanship
It's great that you're working together. You'll need to do the same when indictments are handed down on this treasonous admin. 
#trumprussia
Been nice if she wasnt so spotlight hungry in that interview... Interrupting you... Was hoping to hear more from your perspective.
It’s so refreshing to see members working together and so unfortunate that this doesn’t happen more often. #maga #Resist
Im beginning to think the deep state has saturated both parties
Harris supports a cop killer
Keep these stories coming @jaketapper !
Be careful of that dirty slutbag Kamala. What's in it for her
she's a criminal though #maga
criminals have to many freedoms in jail, like a luxaray hotel !!!!
New to your district in KY. Happy to see you (and any legislators) reaching across the aisle to improve lives of all Americans! Thank you!
It's getting harder and harder to support rand Paul.
How could you work with Kamala Harris???? Are you kidding???? This makes you untrustworthy. You lose.
So, then, some of us CAN just get along?
Refreshing!
Nice to see you cross the aisle, Senator.
Stay away from #kamalaharris. Everyone knows she slept her way to the top & won her seat through corruption & #hillaryclinton supports her.
Ds and Rs sitting down, working out issues and differences To Resolution should not be rare event. Rand is the R black sheep could by why..?
How about reforming title IV of the social security act to prevent matching incentives that take time away from fathers so states get money.
This is the kind of work that needs to be happening on health care. If you can work together on this, why can't you work together on that?
....and there it is!  #commonality  this @KamalaHarris and appreciate @RandPaul
Why is Rand Paul getting cozy with Kamala of all pepople!?! The DNC next nominee... Rand what the heck?
Yes
She's a snake
Well here is why I am changing away from libertarianism. Problem is there is no virtue being libertarian, pro criminal but not pro life?
many of us low income white males get the same treatment as they always assume it is black I agree it is poverty and education
Term limits
How about reform in family court system? Caps on support, Support Stamps, Legal Presumptions 50/50, custody enforcement agency, no matching!
First mistake @SenKamalaHarris U just let Americans down Mr @RandPaul ../what's your fur fox you say..exactly 
Charleston County, SC would be an example of reform needed
That was ecouraging. Next fund&fix OCARE & EXPAND Medicaid.
Yeah! Let's borrow more money to subsidize our infrastructure because we're already spending our ENTIRE revenue on ACA! Keep borrowing!
it is the laws that need change
Finally Proud of you!!! Keep being bipartisan.. after alll we Humans live and die together... together we make this country better!
@RandPaul just vote no.
we have suffered the issue of $ lawyers, fines especially lower income of all colors
Only if you could do the same for #ACA n do what's right for Americans not your #GOP. #FixACA   Stop sabotagingACA!Work w/Dems!
DOJ and FHWA must be reeled in concerning ADA, specifically pertaining to infrastructure-forcing cities to install facilities at huge costs.
I appreciate hearing stories like this - and it is definitely legislation we need in this country.  Can I get a kumbaya?
Thank you senators for criminal justice reform. Hp me help incarcerated have good return to society.
We are also proud of these bipartisan efforts. Only good outcome of WH disorder may be better Congress.
How many of you believe she will use SRandP-give him love&honey to smash him like a bee! Like DEM women tricked Bernie!He has more to lose.
I wouldn't be close to her or jake...be careful while around poisonous snakes
How about getting the ADA Division of the DOJ under control.  They're bankrupting cities in America with draconian and punitive policies.
Our future President!! she's amazing! And she knows how to handle the idiots in the Senate and the greedy Congress!
Most of the crime is done by the smallest group of people. You are so off base here
Thank you and @KamalaHarris. #bipartisan #workforthepeople #getworkdone #nomoredisfunction
Guess what other City already has a no-bail process? You got it, Chicago! How's that working out?
Rand, you do not care about anyone but yourself. UR attaching to her only to get something for yourself.  Kamala has integrity - U Do NOT!!!
Hey poor people don't have as much options for fancy food! Next step the rich and poor must all have same food options to buy.
This is ALINI G WITH SOROS! YOU THINK UNFAIR FOR POOR?? THEN GET RID OF PRIVATE ATTORNEYS! - hey its not fair some get public defenders!
I'm doing a swell job; Just ask me and I will tell you!
So 2 senators agree on something and work together to improve it and you monkeys cry foul?  While we're at it why not have 2 Fed govts dopes
This is good work. Kudos.
Ran!!! U LIAR! THAT KID DIDNT JUST STEAL A BACKPACK! omg. WHAT HAPPENED 2 U?!  there was $1,000 property and cash!
AND he had been VIOLENT!
I'm surprised you guys could unite but I'm glad that you've managed to do so.
Bullshit. You're a Putin loving sociopath who has no business in public life. You're a self servant, not a public servant.
