COST matters! Govt ALWAYS makes things cost more. I cant AFFORD TO USE my VERY EXPENSIVE insurance anymore! Govt involvement did that!
I just turned 51. Ive paid 4 insurance I never used for years. Now I need it & its so expensive I can barely pay 4 the plan let alone use it
I shouldnt even say "barely" bcuz insur taken from my check makes me LATE on most of my bills. Bcuz it's TOO EXPENSIVE
Gotta love the giant deductible, amiright?
Our old plan had NO deductible, new crap plan has a $6,000 deductible and costs MORE.
It's the only one we could afford to buy now.
I used to pay $20 for a Dr visit $20 for specialist. Now after you spend $6.5K they pay 80%. Just basic plan cost empties my check
And you can't afford to go to the doctor.
I need some tests done.
It will be 100% out of pocket.
Sucks!
and after your monthly rates AT LEAST doubled, there IS nothing in your pockets! We're being charged to pay for the ppl who get it free.
If we improve our food quality, we will REDUCE health insurance costs. Get rid of processed, GMOs, chemically laden foods AS IN MONSANTO.
I like the co-op idea and buying across state lines.
Please #RepealAndReplace with #MedicareForAll (and then you can drastically simplify Medicare). Could be huge win for Republicans.
Just remember your constituents in KY are subjected to 'redlining' in healthcare which is exactly what the 'old' system did.
Go get her @RandPaul!!!!
Guys.
@AnnCoulter @seanhannity
No smoking gun today? #QuislingGolf
Rand Paul, as Matt Drudge says, somehow maintains integrity while swimming in the swamp. Stay golden Randy Boy, my prayers are with you.
love the association idea, also make it easier for children to out their parents on their health policies
please, u r the only smart one there. don't just stop at health insurance, fix the health care industry!
THAMK GOD FOR RAND BECAUSE RYAN HADTI GO ASAP
Remember Paul doesn't care about #womensrights. His personal beliefs, FYI he's anti-choice, supercede his constituents who #StandWithPP
Rand Paul's lack of understanding of situations have been very disappointing
What ever happened with this?
Doesn't matter Republicans in power or Democrats, welfare mindset or free enterprise dominant, the cost of health insurance NEVER decreases.
Oh my gosh i thaught Rand Paul was smarter then that. Unfollow
we recently bombd n Iraqi Hospital killn 100s of innocent civilians thius creatn mor enemies
Call me a lefty, but i'm just hearing smart remarks of a righty ;-). Your right. The #War has to stop. But with this president I don't 1)
see it happen 2)
There are enough globalist who don't propagate war and said you have to get out of the middle east. And when you look at right and left 1)
I bet it's a bigger failure than trumpcare.
@tempteststorm2 why is the House  and Senate going home for 2 weeks when there is still Obamacare, no tax cuts, upcoming budget. Try working
(1) Repeal Obamacare with one sentence. (2) Let the free market of insurance carriers compete for customers. Get gov out of our lives!
Majority of Americans disagree with you & can't stand @GOP. Lower approval ratings than @realDonaldTrump. All they know how 2 do is repeal.
Repealing leftist/progressive/commie edicts is a very good thing.
Funny how once ppl figured out "Obamacare" is the "ACA" that got them insurance, they flooded the losers in the @GOP offices.Corp hacks
if plumbers builders & housing business worked like the healthcare business home insurance would be a mess too
Hey @realDonaldTrump did Rand make the point clear that ppl want the MANDATE dead, then 'who cares?' what Congress comes up with?
Ironic #Congress exempted from #Obamacare. You should live under the law you wrote until it's repealed for all.
Randee - that's boffo self-coverage! Pleasant reminder that your namesake was a Russian atheist fiction writer who collected US welfare
#NeverForget this guy doesn't care about #womensrights. We the People #StandWithPP
@RandPaul Uphold the law and punish law breakers!!! Investigate this abuse of power!!!!!
Does @RandPaul always refer to himself in the 3rd person in his tweets? It sounds quite odd.
Hmmm, your new pitch huh? Trumps latest pitch is more like it. After you played the last 9 holes on your knees.
Who won? Handicapped?
Oh so this is your payment for obstructing justice with Susan Rice BS?!
When will we the people see the new plan. Thought old Paul plan was decent.
What ever U do SenPaul Keep Acceptance for Health Care Ins a National Requirement - Swiss require Insurers to balance Burden Evenly
Get our of health care now. Save money, let the marketplace work.
We do not need or want "socialized medicine" UK, France, Germany, Canada, Cuba are all disasters. High cost and poor health care .
Also discussed gaslighting Susan Rice story (BRIBE) to get something from Trump. Your true colors are showing
What abt calling on Flynn, Manafort, Sessions, Stone, Kushner, Nunes, Chaffetz, Prince to testify? #trumprussia
"At the golf course" of course.
that's funny cuase we all know there will be no such bill GOP is devided and what did Lincoln say bout that?
Well that bombed .
If you fall for DT BS,then you will HAVE no Career.Trump is full of it.KNOWS "0"about governing rules,etc.BOGUS President
Thank you for putting in an effort. Patients need recourse besides the legal system. 
Thank you Sen for working hard with Pres Trump to repeal Ocare.
We trust you more than Paul Ryan. please lead the Rep legislatures.
STOP
Not that hard to figure out. Put the dems vs repubs aside and do the jobs we pay you to do. No more acting like school kids.
Lower premiums and way lower deductibles so that ordinary Americans can have it and be able to use it
The WH will be your one day I'm sure of it!
We need a single payer system, like every other  western developed country.
Can't wait to see this... @POTUS will achieve all of his goals...with the help of true leaders like @RandPaul.
Glad to hear this, #Rand is a good man & #Trump is willing to listen. He admires smart men & women!
You OK with #Trump putting your #InternetHistory up for sale?

https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/mar/30/privacy-protection-web-browsing-history-data-congress …

@TMZ
#Leaks
#ItsGonnaComeOut
Keep preexisting conditions!!!
Ask @SpeakerRyan abt pushing reform that takes expertise & conversations with Americans (had 0 of that) in 18 days.@Potus44 held town halls
If it doesn't cover the health needs of Americans you all will be voted out. Try us and you will see.
FULL REPEAL THEN GIVE THE REPUKEINS A YEAR TO COME UP WITH SOME NEW PLAN
Awesome  been waiting for it
Thanks for hanging in there and working with the new President!
Kindly support #SinglePayer @realDonaldTrump #medicare4all #auditthefed "so important" #monetaryreform
Nice 3rd person reference. Forget to take your meds today?
REPEAL THEN REDO
Good grief, Repubs have had 7 years to put a h/c plan together. Very disappointing no consensus as of yet. Get w/the program & get it done.
U will fail w your AHCA bills. LEARN from rich EU uni healthcare sys-superior health/life paras than US&50% cheaper CIA FB/WHO @SpeakerRyan
That bombed
Hope it was similar to @AtlasMD Healthcare in Wichita!
Do U research what premiums will b? In MA my AHCA premium range is $450-$1100/mo just 4 my unemployd hubby n son! How is this affordable??
The only health care pitch should be universal single payer.
Golf bag in front of your pants to hide the dirt on your knees? Are you Mulvaney, @Reince and @realDonaldTrump's new lapdog?
Pathetic!
One round of golf and huge campaign donations and Rand Paul will do anything Trump wants. SAD
Counting on you to revise the bill and make more market-oriented.  Pricing transparency and charging unhealthy more would be good start.
AND IT SUCKS
Americans don't want 80, 90 or 100% repeal. We want a fix not repeal. Get it?
Oh boy, turning HC over to insurance companies? What happened to leaving decisions to a doctor and patient?
Support H.R. 676 and learn from healthcare in the Netherlands.  We can do it better.  Sensible, affordable & equitable for ALL
How about we have the same health insurance as members of Congress??
YES leaving ACA for those who want it BUT as individuals NOT states! Pass the interstate insurance (sales) availability 1st. Dems will agree
Don't sell your soul to the devil, (Trump),  Don't go down the cliff with the mob! God don't like ugly!
I appreciate Senator Paul's efforts to mediate the intra-party rancor.  Would be nice if inter-party could occur.
AKA "Rand sells his integrity to Trump for his backing on his bill." You're a traitor, Rand.
wouldn't universal healthcare fix all the problems??
Stay with President and others to get the Heathcare bill done.
I pray @POTUS listens to you. Up to now his advisors have done him & us no favors.
I understand your pitch to repeal 90% of OC, but is party ready with replacement plan?
You are the best we have on this issue Senator. Thank you so much for your efforts.
Remember promises made to entice middle class to vote GOP. We gave you the votes & the majority & we want affordable healthcare.
We WILL vote you out. Your time is up. #Liar #Traitor You and the GOP are done!
Senator,  be a pioneer and new generation of leadership for Republicans.  Keep the election promises to the people who voted for your party.
.@RandPaul @courierjournal Is that why you're kissing up to the boss? So you can make us all uninsurable?
Deathcare!
Didn't BHO ExOrder modifying AHCA law, to implement arbitrary exemptions? If DJY reverses = much more urgent incentive 4 Dems+GOPs 2 replace
Does your plan include pre-existing conditions so that someone with a pre-existing condition can always get insurance without penalty?
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump  #SinglePayer #UniversalHealthCare #Humanism #GetHonest #LoveUnconditionally #Ethics #Reason #PutDowntheIgnorance
@shupe_laura @courierjournal thank you!
but your president promised healthcare to everyone, people voted for him solely on that promise
And just what did he offer you? Back door deals on the golf course? #sellout
Well done #trumps 14th round of golf   Tax payers money at work
Senator, don't give up the fight for #FullRepeal.  Lovers of liberty support you.
Just vote to END the MANDATE like @GOP did so many times in the past when they knew Pres Obama would veto. I bet @realDonaldTrump would sign
Yes
Thank you Senator for your continued direction and persistence.
@supernova_Kafka Golf & Heal Care = deal making!
after the Republicans ran for 7 years on repeal Obamacare. Rand is the only one that had a plan ready to go.
a perfect world humans would not play God and their would not be dollars determining life and death. Get Real. Amen  USA

a capitalist healthcare system will not survive in USA. Providers are greed mongers.Wake upAvoter
NO REPEAL W/OUT REPLACE! And the replace must cover MORE people, not less. Our protests will only get stronger. #ACA
It has TRANSPARENCY
CUSTOMER DRIVEN
Sideline insurance cos. 

FREE MARKET!!!
Require all Dems to use Obamacare while we move on with the new healthcare plan for the rest
Repeal, Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal Repeal  THATS IT.
Repeal every word of it don't replace it. Allow those with pre-existing illnesses that can't get a policy to enroll in a plan like Medicare
Rt
Oh plz
Kentuckians Insurance Premiums are up 47%!!! WE don't want high insurance premiums n Kentucky
Senator, please let's get the things need to be done done!
Obamacare can only be expanded into universal coverage. The door on contracting it closed the day it was enacted.
make an agreement! Stop stalling. #MAGA
Its about time i see you taken the bull by the horns. Ryan is a mess we need you there. @realDonaldTrump needs your help.
the best senator!
Listen to Freedom Caucus! Get RID of regulations! Listen 2 Jordan he truly cares about Kentuckians -ALL Taxpayers! We want REPEAL!!! OC gone
So this is what a sell out looks like.
How about a simple Repeal of the ACA; a #ONEPAGEBILL. And another OnePageBill to prohibit government from interfering in healthcare industry
Repeal, and enforce Sherman Clayton. Prices drop 90% pay cash, or charity. Catastrophic insurance less than 1000 a year.
Remember you can't grow a garden until you cut out all the weeds first & till the ground. Full repeal first
While playing golf bc, again, DT hasn't played enough since Jan 20... oh wait.... he has vacationed every weekend
In a car park..?! This President is sure ready to roll his sleeves up any place any time.... ;)
I agree to repeal FIRST, then work on replacement. Blame the house Repubs, not Trump for the hold up. He can't force them to vote yes/no.
#StandWithRand
Finally
Please repeal and replace ObamaCare.  #GoTrump
Taking away more coverage to reduce premiums is NOT the answer! Americans ready for universal healthcare like other countries have. LOBBIES?
“The principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale"-- Jefferson
...from wasting the labors of the people under the pretense of taking care of them.”   ― Thomas Jefferson
@realDonaldTrump  @GOP after getting gov out of hcare, get gov $ out of colleges to bring rates down.
I still remember that little jab he got during campaigning.  Wink wink pharma.
Think about it #Proposal #PatriotsNeeded #delayGorsuchVote until after findings  #investigation #russiagate #taxReturns #whatDoYouHave2lose
Moderate /liberal republicans including trump are  not intelligent enough to solve this simple HC problem. Answer is Free Market Only.
Good approach Senator, keep up the conversation, we need open debate.
Make most EHB's optional instead of mandatory. Don't allow old:young premium ratios to increase from 3:1 to 5:1. Allow individual group rate
Go Rand
Way to go
Y'all keep working together to come up with a plan that works and is fair to all Americans
Love to fail, right?
Repeal and replace that POS legislation.
"Don't replace it... clean partial repeal". A total repeal would be better and Rand knows it, but I suppose you have to compromise 
.@RandPaul makes sense. @POTUS needs to heed good advise on #healthcare, be wary of @SpeakerRyan.
The evil you support: http://www.businessinsider.com/john-mccain-rex-tillerson-syria-2017-4 …
um ... no
I see all that is highlighted is what is convenient to making your point.  Did u even read the rest?!
Most businesses post prices. Why don't medical & insurance industries? We need price-posting, not Socialist medicine.
Please do not give up Republican party needs a huge win for all Americans and @POTUS  Make America and the Party Great it's a team effort
please continue fighting Senator. Millions are with you. #FullRepeal, #RepealAndReplace
Is it single payer.. Or universal health care for all. Can you think of an original idea at all you Trumponian. #Votehimout
Keep it up Senator a lot of Americans need you to do this for them!
To have a healthcare bill named after you comes at a price. Will you screw Kentucky for the honor?
I support it. 
Remember the poor! Those of us who make under 10,000 a year before taxes. The 60 to 65 year olds who will be hit
Morning Joe mocks Trump ally Erik Prince’s denial of Russia ties: It’s like ‘Spies Like Us — they’re idiots’
What are the fundamentals of @RandPaul  Healthcare Pitch/Plan?
its out there. And a bad plan. No pre-existing for 2 yrs.  Change job/ins, back to square 1.  2 more yrs
Wow. Did you get any grape koolaid on your Trump Collection tie? Luckily it's made in China with inferior fabric that repels intelligence.
Report: Trump donor, Blackwater founder Erik Prince in secret meeting with Russian close to Putin
And it is a  horrendous plan for Americans.
Rands plan bad.
Wait, did you make that pitch in the golf course? You Sly dog you.
Another Donald Trump-Russia contact: Eric Prince met with Russian sources just before inauguration
Forget fake Russia news. The real scandal are felonies and high crimes by Democrats leaks and surveillance. The real truth is coming out.
Tell @POTUS he doesn't own this company, He only works 4 it! & tell him he can't fire workers in other franchises 4 working 4 their owners!
Trump is looking like a Dictator at best! Freedom Caucus will weather this storm too! People thought he'd mesh/w Freedom Caucus not RINOS!
BREAKING NEWS 
Blackwater Founder Repped Trump at Secret Meeting Overseas: Sources
Repeal EMTALA-Remove RX privileges, force price disclosure--free market will handle the rest. Really that simply.
That's a very pragmatic approach. I think @realDonaldTrump will agree.
Rand, you need to work with POTUS and Ryan to get this done.  GOP was given reigns to lead.  That's what all of you need to do now.
If y'all had read the first one we wouldn't be here!!!
@RandPaul Mr. Paul, how is POTUS golf game?  How is yours?  Honestly
Obamacare 2.0! You're a phony, Rand!
yes, but not Ocare. Zaps pre-exist condition for 2 years.  Change jobs/start over square 1
Yeah ocare, but worse
Can you please comment on this Senator Paul
Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting
That's a start remember the left has been radicalized and now far left extremist they will have to slide back to center like 1980's dem's
a majority of Representatives on both sides are owned and the right is just as radicalized as the left
@sbsun
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@FoxNews
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
