Add requirement to Law that Criminal Charges must be filled within time limit or "stuff" returned
They did. It will lead to more frivolous arrezts to be able to take money
Ever hear of a wrongful arrest lawsuit?
Ever had a public defender?
Nope, never broke any laws (except speeding once).
Then you have no frame of reference. It would never get to the lawsuit stage because you would have to plea out bc u dont have $ 2 fight  it
There are lawyers that will be happy to take the case for a percentage and then you don't need money to hire him
NOT the other way around as our "justice"system allows (& SHOULDN'T!)
FOLLOW ME!  For me information on upcoming release of my book on federal forfeiture defense.
I couldn't agree more.
The Leak tells you..Q:Who would want that LEAK of Sessions? The Beleaguered AG Sessions, 1st to complain usually LEAKER say5 s DanaP & KimbG
Didn't many right-wing talk shows convict Hillary and Obama for crimes, and convince people they are guilty?
A "conviction" happens in court honey. What u've been witnessing is rt-wing talk shows presenting facts, that will b used to "convict" them
I guess 
Rand 
Paul is smarter than 
I thought 
His usual thoughts are way off what most think
Thank you! My exact sentiments.
Novel concept. Your party doesn't buy it except when it comes to Russian Collusion
Its always been a libertarian position.
Why I don't like Sessions. It should be criminal asset forfeiture. Innocent until proven guilty. If prevails let SCOTUS rule on legality.
I cannot imagine civil asset forfeiture holding up in @Scotus. It's contrary to the constitution on many levels (read 4A, 5A, 14A).
Then why did you vote to confirm Sessions? You knew he disagreed with you on this and ALL justice reform matters.
That's actually a fair point...did he vote for sessions?  I knew he put up a lot of resistance on many of his proposed appointments
He sure did (every Republican did), and NOT for principled reasons - b/c he wanted to say neener-neener Democrats
Asset forfeiture should be illegal!!! Period
Between Trump and Sessions...I choose Sessions EVERYDAY
Agree Rand. Sessions needs to back off this n marijuana
Prez saw Holder censured for defending his boss but what does Sessions do step aside so Dems could take total control. All Dems probing.Evil
Mueller is republican ya dum dum
Well, as we watched for two years now, this is not the truth.  Look at our President, he seems to be guilty until proven innocent,  By U 2
I don't like Sessions but I would not treat dog like Trump is treating AG. It says more about Trump than Sessions. Trump is a PSYCHOPATH.
Why can't we have #RandPaul for Attorney General?  He obviously knows more about the Constitution & Bill of Rights than #JeffSessions does.
Well, no one wants to raise local taxes....
Tell that to democrats and investigative committees @SenateMajLdr @AGJeffBSessions @SpeakerRyan
Just listened to Sen Mike Lee on Fox. Mike Lee is talking out both sides of his mouth. Needs to lose next Election. All he did was Spin talk
Not should be... are!
Rand Paul for President!
Agreed! And so should your property
Why does the IRS get away with it?
Sessions could be Jesus but if hes stocking Prison Industrial Complex with fresh slave labor people will treat him like the devil.

Of course..... Fwd:
Rand Paul loves attention and has become a swamp monster
Snek will eat you.
That's what I've thought @jeffsessions was up to, pursuing he's own agenda & ignoring the Democrats & RINOs throwing Trump under the bus.
Kushner/trump CRIME FAMILIES HAVE BEEN PROVEN GUILTY OF MONEY LAUNDERING. IMPEACH AND IMPRISON NOW.
That's cute and all but like government, our justice system runs way too slow. Seize assets so crooks can't liquidate prior to conviction.
IRS doesn't follow that ideal... they take what they want without judgement.
No wonder! All of you look so innocent. Even fake news.
Look! I found a crooked ass cop.
@foxandfriends @RandPaul What about retroactive stripping of rights under Lautenberg?
And what's that got to do with asset forfeiture?
Rand Paul has many good stances for the GOP. I wish he had a little more traction in his party.
HE"S RIGHT !!
Civil forfeiture is a slap in the face of justice and the eats at the very core of American liberties. #Abolish it. #Trump #USA
@POTUS As much as you whine & cry as much air time u use to share it
as much complaining about others u do do you get anything done?
I pray they never get anything done again.I'm hoping the government gets shut down forever. The gov can only steal,kill, and coerce.
Why interview Rand Paul?  So argumentative!
Not when a dictator is in charge.

Play this video in the Senate. Staff Sergeant Alexis Scott Sustained injuries in Iraq that's Medicaid treats. 500k vets at risk w vote. https://twitter.com/TalkPoverty/status/889842785993490433 …
FIRE SESSIONS- HES USELESS & TRUMP SUPPORTERS HAVE HAD ENOUGH WITH PEOPLE WORKING AGAINST TRUMP- VOTE USELESS REPUBLICANS OUT OF OFFICE TOO!
When Donald Jr gets arrested will his assets be siezed?
Make this apply to the IRS seizing assets without merit...or over 25.00
I am sick of Obstructionist Rand Paul. JUST
Really? You disagree with him? Govt should confiscate without due justice? Really?
#StandWithRand
Used to be that way. Leave the President alone. We elected him!
very true. yes.
Some cases are a little too obvious, like MS13. You think their innocent til proven guilty? Drug cartel leaders?
Why Rand are u not helping to expose @DNC on alleged crimes?  If they r Not guilty then no problem!
not if your black in racist white America!
Agree with Paul on this one! Anti-Constitutional endeavors by Sessions! Sounds like heavy handed Government Procedures taking "Rights" away!
I'm the boss !
Rand Paul, one of the few honest politicians, admire him for that. But need to be team player, get some now, more later, all in the end
Rand Paul not a team player at all.  Me me me me me.    Will not agree to debate.
Noble thoughts and thanks to the fake news and political idiocy, that not what exactly occurring at the expense of tax payers money
I'm for civil asset forfeiture."IF tRUMP family is tied to Russian money laundering schemes,tax evasion schemes.CHARITIES should get REPAID!
I agree Listen the Judicial System has taken to much POWER! Innocent until proven Guilty went out the window long ago! PAUL IS SO CORRECT
I'm pro law enforcement but not that pro. This is highway robbery. No conviction no forfeiture. Far too easy and often abuse.
In our COUNTRY you are innocent until proven guilty.
do the right thing and you won't have blood on your hands like Donald Trump and ignorance will
If this is true about sessions, I am troubled. Sounds like ho bo charades...
Its true. Trump approved
I am not saying Sessions is a bad guy but if he had done his job there would be no Bob Mueller
That's both false and had nothing to do with asset forfeiture
You'd think so,but at the moment there are at least 25 lawyers searching for a crime to pin on the POTUS. 25!?! Hardly innocent til p/guilty
Ummm investigation happened before comviction. Your comment makes no sense. Why look to pardon?
Trump's Nazi agenda!
Too many jurisdictions use this as a revenue generator and Must be stopped. I'm pro police but they are human too and we've seen cowboys.
You might want to remind that crooked child Trump about that.
The spy in the mix. Trust a dentist to turn on his president.
Too much power over the people will inevitably lead to corruption... we must uphold our forefathers intentions...and their/our constitution
The authorities have waged war on the civilians in this country, and Civil Asset Forfeiture is one of their cruelest weapons. Not Allies
Marxist much then you talked crap about obama being one
spoken like a true lawyer
Doesn't seem that way lately!
The diff between our USA and other countries is..our gov is intentionally designed to protect the people from corruption. Other countries VV
Seizing B4 conviction goes against the grain of our democracy and our forefathers design to protect the people, +possibly unconstitutional.
agree with Senator Paul on assets issue. Due process only. It's in the Constitution & Bill of Rights.
Not sure why that isn't the case! Smh
Where does he get these sayings? lmao.
They can even imprison a person in Ohio without evidence. If a criminal says u were with them at the time that's all they need.
Well it for sure isn't like that at all. You have to prove your innocence
Sure that is true but in reality that was never true unless your a illegal immigrant or a criminal Are you a lib in sheep's clothing Paul
Totally agree with Paul. Don't like the government grabbing people assets where the citizens rights to fight the forfeiture is soo limited
Get on board Rand. You've been in Washington a long time and it sucks. Work with Trump not against him. @POTUS @GOP @DOJgov
Just try to get your valuables returned once they steal it. This is backwards thinking. Prosecutors and judges too much power.
U can't get it back
In rare agreement with Paul on this one. This is an INSANE practice.
Too bad that's not how the Just-us system works. It's actually the complete opposite
This law has been abused so much and used against everyday people not just as it was intended.  Does not need to be expanded!
Unless you're Hillary Clinton. Hypocrisy much?
And republican!you misspoke by mistake.RITE!
Pres.Trump and his family have been presumed guilty until proven guilty. An innocent ruling is not an option for Libs. It's a witch hunt. 
That is the law of the land! !!!
No it is not it's made to rob us fool
That's the criminal threshold Rand.  Civil is the preponderance of evidence.
In our justice system? C'mon, Lady Justice pulled off her blindfold a long time ago
I'm with Rand.  This is big government of the worst kind, and we don't like it.
Why on Earth would Sessions think this is a good idea?
Hillary was proven innocent after 11 h testifying UNDER oath & FBI investigations
We'll see wther Trump is innocent, let Mueller do his job
TX State Sen @KonniBurton is fighting for the same thing in Texas. Ending criminal asset forf, without a conviction
Not fair and to me unconstitutional
Thank God someone noticed this. Think of everyone with a FISA warrant...who will be cleared...after they're cleared of alll their assets.
Do u even know what a FISA allows the government to do?
ummm...I have a pretty good idea, but I'm sure I'll learn something new and scary if you send me a link.
Let's seize Sessions assets and see how he feels about it. We can see later if he was guilty.
Remember when Fox news and all you Trumpers loved Jeff Sessions. 
Remember last night when U used that bottle of lotion to help you go to sleep.
Isn't it the fourth amendment? Or did I miss your sarcasm?
where's the fun in that? trump has already declared #RussiaGate a witch hunt so i say we burn now and replace later :)
I never liked session for AG  like sessions personally but not 4 AG. NO public humiliation just fire him say not working out period NEXT
Sounds like you want a professional and an adult, good luck
I want a good country for everyone politics are nasty biz .noone is perfect .wrong is wrong on both sides of the isle
I conquer
Not if you are a conservative President
Clearly, not for the potus. Or at least, not for a republican potus who loves America and hates socialist traitor Dems...
Civil asset fortitude has been around since long before Trump.
Paul's new barber....a used John Deere corn picker.....
Rand Paul loves to talk but has more excuses than the desert has sand. He has a "Cant Do" attitude
He is good as a media who$e.
Civil asset forfeiture is wrong no ifs and's or buts
I'm with @DrRandPaul on this!! Crazy!!!
What is he calling him out on? The idiot values loyalty so much, & Sessions was loyal. @realDonaldTrump is so fucking corrupt it sickens me.
Something I can agree with...
Can't wait!
