We also owe it to all Americans to follow the Flynn investigation, regardless of party.
Only thing we need to follow is the moles and take them out.
Leaks illegal, subj to prosecute. But long as we’re democracy, they’ve always been and always will be. 

Russian ties need review
there are none according to the FBI all you have to do is read the transcripts.
“No ties” inaccurate. FBI not charging, but fact Flynn made 5 calls after sanctions. Others implicated, not confirmed
Don’t care about implications until confirmed, but to say “no ties” is disingenuous.
Not at all. but I do know what it is like....lol...I aint going...you sip fake news.
I discount fake news and rumor. When facts present themselves, one must face reality. Unfortunate many are in denial.
McCain & Graham could learn from this man if they weren't so busy getting donations from Soros
McCain and Graham need to go. In fact, if the GOP doesn't stand the ground WE gained for them...
... they can all go. Third party then becomes viable.
agreed. If the supporters of Trump backed a new party, GOP would die out.
GOP is a hot/cold  revolutionary Tea Pot to Coffee Pot..More awake than I ever dreamed possible
GOP should be grateful Tea Party even used their party. We don't need them. They best remember that
If I ever regret voting Trump, I get out a picture of Hillary...I did it for eight years with Obama
you owe it to all Americans to investigate the President's ties to Russia.
There is none
Your larger responsibility is to all Americans regarding the dismantling of our Democracy.
I agree. There was no peaceful transfer of power, Obama made sure of that, he is a disgrace!
Flynn committed treason and you think the whistleblowers need to be found out? What are you on
He had his rights violated, Obama/Hillary=real treason
he gets it!!!!!         @freedomcaucus @ABCNews4
worked all my life. Carried health ins. now St IV kidney cancer and a lung fibrosis. I dare you to talk face to face /me about ACA
Why do refugees rec more fr SS than retirees-we have 2 work aft retiring2pay4heat as we pay4 illegals free heat
When even @RandPaul is hashtagging #RepealANDREPLACE libertarianism is truly dead  @ABCNews4
Libertarians hold no monopoly on self-righteousness. I'll keep you posted.
Could have fooled me. They want to live in a first world nation without having to pay for it. Greedy.
consider for a moment that merely suggesting oneself isn't capable of self-righteousness is self-righteous.
lolwut?
at best, what is the virtue of one who will give on the condition that the government forces him to give?
If you want to live in a first world nation, you have to pay for it. Quit this shroud of greed you spew
@realdonaldtrump Do you mean the 26% of Americans that voted 4 cons? You represent all of us..idiots. Try & think
@SharonMcCutchan  Excellent news. The failure of not repealing would be catastrophic for Republicans in 18 and 20
The 'people' didn't elect you, the Electoral College did.  Get it right and/or stop lying to the 'people'! #SaveACA
.@RandPaul #FullRepeal Yes. Replacement of federal control NO. @freedomcaucus @ABCNews4
we have a president acting like a lunatic- rambling about leaks. HE IS DANGEROUS - CAN YOU HEAR US?? DANGEROUS.
SICK OF LOOKING AT YOU!! YUK WHO U THINK U R TRYING TO BS!!  PUKE!!
@veganvecoh @ABCNews4 OMG.. Some of you should get out and see reality Nutty Bunch Medicaid is for people who don't make enough $
Our health insurance premium is $900 a month way more than our mortgage payment.  Bad for the economy!  Axe it!
Mark Sanford the
Best govenor SC ever had. . But he left u
@freedomcaucus Most of what I read herein is infighting. All the while the left is organizing and getting most of the news.
#Lol
.@RandPaul We owe this to the unconstitutional gerrymandering that keeps the GOP in power and lies about what Obama care actually is.
I may not agree with your plan, but thank you Senator for having a plan we can debate. This is how government actually functions.
I agree, and I appreciate he believes it's necessary to have a replacement if repeal happens.
Exactly. We can have productive discussions about how to move forward, but we need a plan to actually debate!
wish the D's would have been open 4 debate when they forced Obama Care down our throat. No reading bill
The repubs blocked it every step of the way and ripped it to shreds.
.@RandPaul @ABCNews4 Thank you, Rand. We not only have a doctor in the House - we have one in the Senate, too. MAMGA and U know what I mean!
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/the-fates-of-5-men-connected-to-the-trump-russia-dossier_us_589f5472e4b080bf74f03cd6 …
so the rest of us don't matter? WeThePeople will remember this about you! Only care about part of America? Noted!
Yay!! Now get on with it.
@freedomcaucus NOT #RepealAndReplace but #RepealAndReform!  We don’t need a Republican-sponsored bloated bill.
Is your plan the republican plan that Paul Ryan is endorsing and sending to the president?
Repeal then leave it alone. HC is not a Right. God, Natural, or Government right to give.
We dky Ryan is still leader-he has screwed am worker&retirees fr day 1-while funding illegals &refugees
You got it backwards: Replace then repeal.
Thank you!!
Working with a cheater must make you feel so proud. U R CORRUPT if you don't investigate TREASONOUS trump.
you owe it to the Constitution and American people to investigate this president. Your blatant politicking is disgusting
If Republican party splits now Dem's will win every election.
They R trying to ÷ us. 
Just VOTE OUT RINOS.
You're a great man Sen Paul. Thank you.
as long as they replace their own taxpayer funded Cadillac insurance with their plan.
Um, you also owe the 63 million people who did NOT elect you not to mess this up, out of the usual greed and ignorance of the GOP.
#Repeal, please, but don't *replace* this massive entitlement/gov. seizure of 1/6 of economy,
still off topic. We need Independent Bipartisan Investigation of Trump& Russia. GOP already proved they are wimpy hypocrites.
Paul Ryan keeps acting like he hasn't seen your plan
Your total disregard for + cavalier attitude toward the thousands of Kentuckians who will lose Medicaid is disgusting.
U owe it to the Country who elected U to #Investiage #Treason rather than try sweep it away. The Long Arm of History is watching U
The fact that Obamacare is even on your radar right now is tantamount to treason. Investigate Flynn.
time to bloody fist Rand. You know it.
shame on you for putting party over the security of the country. U have lost all credibility. Investigate Flynn & role of Russia.
u owe it to us to investigate #Flynngazi don't be the hypocrite so many others say u are...get a spine...
what about @kelliwardaz patent power plan legislation?
you had chance to do it from start, then chance to improve it for years, yet nothing from you,now this spew? #notmyrepublicanparty
Damn right you guys do. We gave you every lever there is, now use them!
military and intel industries taking Trump apart! No comment Sen Paul!
You can do that under President Pence. The executive branch has presented Congress with a more pressing matter.
healthcare is a right not a privilege
time to start working for your people, they did not want a repeal they want it fixed.  healthcare is a right
your constituents do not want a repeal they want it fixed, thats different than repeal
Don't replace it, repeal it.
Yes. The conservatives that are unable to distinguish between Obamacare and the affordable care act. Keepem confused.
proposes to legalize criminal conduct (see 15 USC Chapter 1) and add rocket fuel to the health care monopoly.
@StevePieczenik @ABCNews4 
Connection error/warning
you owe us proper healthcare but your plan will do the opposite and we will remember the next time you want us to send u
They better do this and TAXES !!'Businesses are counting on cuts . Ryan and the rest of the neo better get busy we are p----ed'
you owe this to the americans who have waited 8 long years for you all to man up to your promise to repeal and replace!
: you should go on @AdamCarollaShow and tell America how we can fix healthcare
Instead of a replacement, FIX & CHANGE POLICY FOR THE PROGRAMS WE ALREADY HAVE.MEDICAID, MEDICARE,SSDI ETC.
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan Get this done quickly - ACA is falling apart faster than people realized - don't forget tax cuts
Weong. You owe it to all Americans to improve the ACA but not replace it and displace 20million folks.
Great move Rand!!!!!
How are we supposed to find "other evidence of malfeasance" without a deeper investigation? Brilliant logic.
party hack.
Rand Paul: Republicans shouldn't investigate Republicans. There would be less time to take away people's healthcare http://www.cnn.com/2017/02/14/politics/kfile-rand-paul-republican-investigations/index.html?sr=twCNN021417kfile-rand-paul-republican-investigations0850PMStoryLink&linkId=34504233 …
do your job and investigate Trump's ties to Russia!!!!
how about thinking of America first instead of party.
You do realise that you represent ALL Americans now, right? Not just the ones who voted for you? That's the whole point.
You'll be announcing indictments against hospitals,doctors & pharma, for the ongoing financial rape of Americans???
FREE AT LAST, GOD ALMIGHTY, FREE AT LAST!
You are 100% correct
@realDonaldTrump @leezeldin @POTUS I like what I have seen from Senator Paul. Let's tee it up and rally support
Investigate Trump Russian scandal now!
No, they elected you to #repeal.
Every Senate and GOP candidate, promised repeal on "day 1". Someone should roll the tapes to shame them all. Repeal it already!
Do it. The sooner the better. Repeal Obamacare
. Watched on Cavuto, you are outstanding & agree w/thoughts on health care policy. Great!
yes, you do
Your only following Trump your smarter then that especially with your economic back round. Repeal does more harm then good. Amend
#RepealAndReplace
what is your obamacare replacement plan? You never say what it is.
keep up the good work.  Praying for guidance for you during this time.
#fact
u don't work for just conservatives, you work for ALL Americans. Work 4 your people, not your party
Don't preach country before party because you don't really mean that. If you did then the corruption of this WH would be priority!
Do you realize how corrupt you look by saying we shouldn't waste time having Reps investigate Reps? Who holds you acct. then?
@SenateGOP forget who they work for...
If you cared about us you'd present both healthcare plans & let the people choose. Or offer both & let US choose! #letuschoose
did u say the same thing when the ACA was forced on us without R's even being able to read the bill? Don't be a sheep
Need to get some House members to introduce your bill there.
You owe the people you represent to get to the bottom of the corruption w/this Pres & his admin. YOU are putting us at risk.
So you want reps to hide reps corruption. This should be a bipartisan issue that everyone wants answers to. Do your job!
also why are you guys working so hard on a replacement and not on the original bill back when it was proposed?
because they weren't allowed to see it by Dem's. @NancyPelosi we have to pass it before u can see it.
What about the Conservatives who for years voted for a #FullRepeal. Promises made should be kept! #FreeMarket
Pls be thankful we all don't get 2 vote in Ky. Shameful that u don't want 2 investigate another GOP, because he's a GOP!
what you owe us quite simply is your resignation
Sounds like what u want Americans to do is to just pay for healthcare themselves. Instead of the insurance companies.
you're paying either way. Cheaper to cut out the middle man (insurance comp and gov't)
Disappointed that u don't want to "investigate" Republican wrong doings. (Russia?) Not investigating is what breeds corruption
As a taxpayer, have to ask, why not just repeal & reset to how it was before? Healthcare needs to be a State issue not Federal.
you owe it to MY country to investigate Trump-Russia connections. Depriving people of health care is just idiocy.
you owe it to those who need help
your link doesn't work! Seems fitting. LOL
you owe the people of this country some proof that their president isn't a Russian stooge
the MSM & @DNC should all have to apologize 2 @POTUS when there's nothing found to back up this propaganda
I'm sure your plan will be just as disappointing as the ACA, but much more cruel.
Totally agree if Congress members are required to use it too.
if you #repealandreplace the orange monstrosity leading us into destruction, you can do whatever you want otherwise
, does the wellness plan include hikes along the Appalachian Trail?
you mean the conservatives who thought ACA and Obamacare were two different things?
You need to put country before party. I’m appalled I have ever considered myself a republican.
congress was elected to fix ACA and @GOP BETTER GET IT RIGHT
and you seem to think an R warrants over looking TREASON. Shame.
WTF? Please don't refer readers to such invasive sites!  I get this when attempting to access the link you posted. Shame on you!
I  did too, was this a mistake.
out Obamacare replacement plant
THIS IS INSIGNIFICANT IN COMPARISON TO A POTUS WHO IS COMMITTING TREASON ON A DAILY BASIS. STAND UP FOR AMERICA COWARD!
I don't think health Insurance should be as dependent on employers as it is today. good start, keep working at it
what deplorable politicians need to under stand is you work for all Americans not just a small group of conservatives
Senator, reminder: millions more voted against Trump. Expanding medicare would give basic care for all.
Reminder, Hillary lost and Obamacare is imploding, You will be lucky if they can fix this freaking mess.
Do your job & investigate @realDonaldTrump 's ties with Russia!
Sen. We do not want Government Mandated JACK, Get It!@ABCNews4
I stand in awe of your lack of backbone. You and your party will be out with the bath water. Enjoy Moscow!
Yes indeed. Let's have malpractice tort reform & some freedom to experiment with new freemarket ideas.
Tort reform only protects doctors from their appalling practices, it has nothing to do with saving money.
How bout tort reform preventing frivolous lawsuits, excess payouts & driving up Physician insurance, & our premiums
Nothing is more important than dislodging Russia from the WH.  U already waited 7 years to deal/w Ocare.
Party before country. It is the Rand way. #flynngate
So much for that bullshit about the constitution, right?  I mean, that only works when it's convienent
I get a security alert on this link
You owe it to us to call for independent investigation into Russian ties in White House.
No.
you also owe it to America to deal with Russia
