Repeal failed. All of you have failed the American citizen because of the kickbacks you get
He has a good point but should work WITH the team to get it done.
You already passed something that doesn't work and refuse to repeal it.
Collectively they passed Obamacare, collectively they are not repealing it.
Nothing works 100%  Obamacare works 75% - could be better.  Will your care work better?  Medicare for all would.  Where is your imagination?
Right but your idea to repeal.w/o replace isnt realistic. Where the plan? Your plan?
Just REPEAL!We'll go back to the day before Obamacare.With competition across state lines,tort reform,personalized & pre-existing coverage
Listen to him, he's the only reasonable voice on this topic.
Really?   How can it be perfect?  Get real.  It may need modifications like Obamacare
Ok RandPaul ,YouRARepublican&SoSmart?WhatDidUDoLast8Yrs?YouVoteDownPlanYetUDidntComeUpWithAPlan.UAllWorthless!WasteRTax$
Pass the promised health care bill Ryan Paul Lier. Americans caught you and the rest of no voters in lies. I urge Americans not vote for the
There was not enough Yellow to draw graph after government tried to "fix" healthcare. #RandPaul gets it: pouring gas on burning building BAD
A MESSAGE FROM LISA
Please. Get. Government. Out. Of. Healthcare. You. Are. Breaking. It.
@realDonaldTrump #BCRA #HealthcareBill #ACA #AHCA
Totally agree. We need patient centered solutions,free competition in the open market.
That doesnt work anywhere in the world
only works 4 them 
$50,000 in a day people we can do better 300k a day for six guys who push paper back & forth an abacus can replace them
@paultdove Rand Paul, (as well as the President), have some common sense. Repeal it, and start fresh.
The ACA is based on a GOP plan, it also has 161 GOP amendments, just saying. Easier to fix it.
There are no more insurance companies that covers ACA. They would all have to be bailed out if they fixed it.which has to be paid for .
Depends on where one lives. It works fine in some states. If the state fully implemented it.
Was all about the PAY OFF!
Senators are supposed to be the gentleman, higher level thinking boby.  Kindergarten play leaves me nervous on House officials
Repeal it completely and start over.The GOP that have been working on it for 8 years has a plan, right?
And it is not dangerous for OC to fail and no one has insurance?  The insurance companies are leaving, only one left.
Republicans get off their lazy butts and come together and repeal now once you give something away 4free people don't want to give it back
Paul right on the money!!!!  Clean slate, start over!  No brainer!
Then use all your wonderfullness and fix it so it WILL pass
@tracilang41 @RandPaul Paul is a bag of hot air. He is to be blamed like Murkowski, Moore-Capito and Collins as well as Ryan.
#PutUpOrShutUp @RandPaul useless words mean nothing actions count and all i hear out of u is useless words sad im sure your pops is proud
Just never seem to agree with rpaul
First eliminate unfair obama care then let free market respond
Trumpfoxnews
Trump news told NOW no matter what happens. Trump let down by his...   Trump being conspired by deep state. Trump working for common people
Trumpsters, let me guess the next headline news: TRUMP places blame squarely on ... (fill in blank). Fake news, fake democrats, fake intel.
Trump will hurt the poor and middle class, the red states disproportionally. FACT. Stick with alternative reality. 1 trillion in pockets of?
Trump version of healthcare: More people covered, more choices, cheaper costs. Welllll not exactly. Minor tweak from original position.
TRUMP doesn't even read a brief on bills. has no opinion or push. Golf and Trump Hotels is his concern. PROOF is there folks.
if FOX was ever to post their position along side TRUMPS changing narrative and bizarre behavior you would question your own sanity.
Anyone actually listening and absorbing this garbage? To accept this you must dismiss the whole worlds opinion and even trumps own words.
I watch because of the really cute blonde in that shapely tight outfit.  Who cares what comes out of mouth. Entertainment is what I want.
What happens next?  Nothing!  They are paralyzed, impotent, incompetent hacks!  They will fiddle while Rome burns !
Real encouraging - govt run healthcare - we can use their number 1 flagship company as an example;post office or how about the VA 
Wake Up. What we have now does not work.
Randy Paul is right!
Heard your interview on Fox. You are exactly right...repeal now and pass something that actually functions later. Best plan for #Healthcare
@ThankfulToday1 @RandPaul Your are afraid you will make Mediacade ..people mad that tough
@ThankfulToday1 @RandPaul You may get sent home for doing nothing because you are Yellow
@ThankfulToday1 @RandPaul But anything is better than nothing you are not helping the people
I'm with Rand Paul on this one I switching from independent to libertarian
A lot of Truth. Work w @tedcruz & @SenMikeLee & get this Done, Now! Interstate Free Markets will Lower Costs & Increase Benefits! @POTUS
Then you and the others stay at it until this thing gets resolved!
Better be careful what you say on Trump TV. Btw, are we taxpayers paying for this Trump propoganda station? Just a lowly citizen inquiry.
It will never b a perfect bill and it will need wrk afterwards. Why r holding out and letting things get worse
Repeal Obamacare.  The Dems botched it up so bad that it can't be fixed - face the facts.  The GOP need to repeal it quickly and move on
U r holding out and making this all about u. R u mad they didnt include u. Even the dems passed an imperfect bill a d revised 50+ times.
go back to state and local hospitals that have wards and provide treatment that people can afford on their wages
RandPaul, when you don't have insurance then maybe we can talk.
No, the greater danger, Senator, is voter reaction to lack of any repeal or replacement to Obamacare by the GOP
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
You are so high and mighty above your peers aren't you.
@POTUS, great point fr Dr @RandPaul: it's a great danger of passing somethg that doesn't work!
#RepealObamacare 1st. Leave MCaid 4 poor pple
Single-payer system works in all other developed countries but two... try that.
Single payer will move the U.S. to 50% tax rate for those who pay taxes. And deadbeats will continue to drain the treasury.
I say congress needs to leave Obamacare in place. So when it cripples America, then we can thank Obama and the Democrats.
agree. They can repeal it.  Then pass small bills to address different issues. No need a grand trupcare
I'm just glad we have all these soundbites of the Dems gloating! Obamacare has failed, 2018 will be a reminder of why Trump won!  #Winning
#StandWithRand
A greater danger if nothing passed. The bill will have room for improvements. What happened to the 3-part bill?
We actually need to take what we can get now, fix later.  If you can get repeal passed, then do it and fix later. Or do BRCA and fix later.
This is why it is important to start taking care of our health now:\
At least remove the darn fine!
You can remove the fine yourself, get insured, So tax payers are not paying your hospital bills when you need it.
The only danger is to profits and CEO pay
Thank you for standing tall! #Conservative #SOLUTION #MAGA
Rand Paul Susan Collins. 
WOKE
Get your plan presented go from there.
"death spiral" Gimme a break.
. We already saw that with Obama care
I don't understand why Congress doesn't listen to Rand Paul's health care plan.
Because they all want their own way and refuse to listen. Including Paul and Collins
Dismantle Obamacare and get government out of health care period.
That Doocy's scoff at 0:28
But those bozos at faux and fools and their followers don't understand that.

Rand Paul
Your not as smart as you think you are. Get over yourself.
If it's not your idea , you never like it, putz.
Rand speaks the truth!!

Just repeal it! Then deal w real issues, corrupt pharma pricing, hosp cost, and tort cases. Then add across states lines n WALA!!
All that should be done to repair ACA.
As we all know.....if you wanna "F" something up put it in the hands of the government.
If it is worse than Obamacare it is because Republicans have failed the American people.
No one that is afraid to pull the trigger is successful!
Americans pay $1-1.4 TRILLION more per year than comparable nations. And we get worse care.  Been true for DECADES before ACA. Copy success!
C'mon @RandPaul put ideology aside and do common sense things to help people. Obama was to ideological & egotistical, look where that got us
Agree! Then states like Minnesota, the Somali refugee capital of the US, can deal with how to provide free insurance on their own.
The system that  was in place before ACA, was free health care for anyone that came through the emergency doors.
If only they would have had,say, 8 FKING years to come up with a plan.The dog caught the car. Either have a replacement or leave it tf alone
They should repeal Obamacare and then spend a year or so working on creating intrastate and interstate markets, legalizing limited access...
...to pharmaceuticals OTC, and reform to the relative alphabet agencies.
Those in government should be required to have the same insurance as the American people do...How things would change then...
Vote these moderates out that want to keep these socialist parts of ACA.
AGREE, SO GET IT RIGHT, NOW, AFTER ALL ITS YOUR MANDATE BY THE PRESIDENT
@RandPaul u r right @Democrats passed a bill that doesn't work>#Obamacare without reading it!  @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems own this failure!
Im sorry but Paul is a grandstander for himself--not the folks. Net result, he's screwed the party and lessened its power.

Precisely , the Senator from the great state of Kentucky nailed it !
Unlike Obamacare!
