Exactly!!! Rand is one of the few sane voices in Congress.  #StandWithRand
Yes you need to have a replacement before you repeal. Don't throw the baby out with the wash.
agreed
I love how you say the entire Obama Administration when it actually started with Bush
who said anything about Obama?
You okay?
imagine that - we are making war by my count on 7 countries. Only one declared. America sleeps. DC machine never does
Sad but true Alec.
And we know already how Paul would vote...it would be NO to protecting America.
protecting America from Yemen?
Is that why we R killing civilians there?
Or bc Saudi Arabia buys US guns?
We are at war now. Where's the vote on it. We'd all be dead if Commander and Chief had to wait on you all.
good thing Osama/Obama bombed the shit out of DRs WITHOUT BORDERS!!!
Phew, pesky Congress almost got in the way!
Step 1 to getting out of a hole: stop digging.
U voted on not go into Syria and then blamed Obama on respecting the decision
Obviously Sen.Paul did NOT hear Sen.Rubio's questioning of Rex Tillerson.Tillerson IGNORED US sanctions on some countries
.@FoxNews @RandPaul Gov & TWH response to Rand: "Lol"
Brilliant as always Dr Paul 
Sending Troops to Poland !
@sustain05 @RandPaul absolutely.  Per Constitution it is the responsibility of Congress to declare war. In '03 Congress 2 cowardly
& we should fight to win.
@PatriciaEagle @RandPaul:  so tell us senator ,what level of top secret Intel do u see to warrant u voting on war !
he doesn't.
Because there isn't.
You've been lied to.
#WarIsARacket
#SmedleyButler
by that do you mean take away the commander in chiefs authority to make the call without congress?
"Take away." He doesn't have it. You can't take away something he doesn't have.
debatable. Authorization for Use of Military Force legislation passed by congress in 2001
and then there's Vietnam and Korea. Oh wait. That wasn't war 
or Afghanistan or Iraq. Please call it what it is. Lives are lost. Bombs are dropped= War.
the Illuminati Bankers wouldn't like THAT #waytogoRand
Congress yes, the populist mob no. The average citizen is not well informed enough
correct but make it known provocations can be dealt with in real time
YES!
Do not become part of the plan of the Devil! Think smart and act smart. Peace is needed not war! Do you believe in GOD?
If there is time enough...
Yeah, sure. Vote, discuss it for a few months. Debate it. Yeah. ASK ROOSEVELT; sometimes WAR is Immediate.
@SteelersRule07 @RandPaul we havent *had* to go to war since 1775.
after all it's the American people that have to spill their blood
That's right No More Illegal Wars!
When Rand Paul is the voice of reason.  SMH #defenddemocracy #stoppartypolitics #putinspuppy
That's OK! Vote on it and them Shut Up. Viet Nam was lost by politicians! Ask the old Viet Cong generals.
preach what you said rand :-)
THAT is the LAW (end of discussion)
i agree only if we have enough time to do so! – at Pawleys Island Beach
Rand continues to be an almost bipartisan voice of reason in all of this mess on a daily basis
Seems to me BLM has declared war?
does Putin get a vote?
Congress too polarized & politicized everything. Don't trust them. Trust the president & DoD
What about climate change??  All of our children will pay the price if nothing is done-Lobbyists OUT
Rand Paul keeps going on about the Constitution...He acts like he took an oath to uphold it...Oh, wait.
. A war must be declared by Congress in order to be constitutional. So called police actions R totally unconstitutional!
.@FoxNews @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump 
Yes. From strength, trade with peace,  understanding, respect, not with war, disinformation, fear.
Tillerson is not for regime changes or nation building..and that is reassuring.
I can't believe this even has to be said
Tillerson is a war..last resort kinda of man..wicked smart re: foreign countries, leaders, affairs, cultures&.diplomacy.
You know what you didn't vote on? Obama's request in 2013 to authorize force in Syria.
How about we just send you Rand..
Everyone must register their kids, brothers, sisters, etc for the mandated draft.  Enough of killing the poor kids
why we go to war
by 'we' does he mean citizens?
no he means 3 million plus illegals
Duh.

Let's not forget totalitarian atrocities.
#StandWithRand
RAND PAUL .  WE are proud of you!
That will be within a month.....but you can kiss my ass and count me out on Trumps war you fucking traitors @FoxNews @RandPaul
it's almost like Dr. Paul has respect for the constitution. Unbelievable!
not sure I am satisfied to wait on a Pearl Harbor event to get everyone on the same page.
#Congressional approval before war declared.
Hasn't Putin been a WAR Criminal for the last 8 years? If yes why has Obama, Clinton and Kerry said anything?
http://www.bestpayingptcsites4.blogspot.com 
And if agreed to go to war, GET IN IT TO WIN IT! Get in, kill them, break things GET OUT.
At least the payment of war/military should be voted on.
it's nice knowing there are some in Congress who are not biased, corrupt and afraid to abide by the Constitution
Wholly cow  now round three of the same freaking questions.  Geeeze
welp that is what the constitution says
ER...UM...Think I rose my "Limp Dick" hand Agreeing that such would NOT happen..When U have 10.2 sec 2 Decide on the "Incoming" ICBM
vote on what?! WAR IS HERE!!!! @realDonaldTrump you hear this. Ft. Hood!, San Bernardino, Florida Ft. Lauderdale, Chicago
Ferguson, what other shit hole Terror shit can I name. KKK! BLM! LEFT! BLMKIDDNAPPING Nazi, & Obama!
That is NOT an smart move.  We cant put in politicians the future of the  country
When we go to war, don't wag the dog on intel.
when???!!!!
Ugh yeah! Who thinks u shouldn't vote besides King Obama?
I love that this is supposed to be a radical concept. It could not be more common sense.
Sad we got here, isn't it?
LOL - Obama asked for ISIS War Authorization but the Republican Congress never held debate or voted
... wow he is already talking about WAR?????   damn......here we go. Yall better be ready than
Like Obama did when he went to congress for Syria, Lybia, ....wait a minute.
Uhm, no. That's why there are leaders and advisers.
and your guys have been after POTUS mobilized already. Should be before though.
only at #FAKENEWS is someone calling for following the constitution news...
Wrong network! Check out #FakenewsCNN
I totally agree! No war!
WHAT ARE WE FIGHTING FOR?U WILL BRING PEACE TO THE WORLD AS IT SHOULD BE#TRUMP TRAIN
