and leaving millions of Americans without healthcare coverage!
America is a Capitalistic country with a VERY expensive Health Carr+ Health Insurances benefits=DIFFICULT ACCESS a Socialist answer or mix?
Congressmens primary objective is reelection. Ideology, secondary. Since not subject to own decisions, choices not always good 4 Americans.
America is a Capitalist country the core problem isECONOMIC. Politicians must explain this FACT inDIRECTway to Americans.COST&no flecibility
@limbaugh Pardon me if I think you're deluded,  but Congressmen r dictated by greed & self preservation, overriding desire 2 stay n office.
@HouseGOP @SenateGOP  Get it done or face repeal when you are up for reelection. If not full repeal, set deadline, open state lines, choices
Rand Paul is a Dr, went to Med School and everything, he took an oath. You would think there would be some empathy there @SenRandPauI
He has plenty of empathy. He also has much more economic sense than any #Obamacare supporter. Overall, he's way more compassionate.
What he has is apathy, lack of concern or feelings for those in need.Let sick people go broke or just die? He's fine with that, disgraceful
Destroying the insurance market & consumer choice and forcing everyone into one gov't mandated coverage plan is compassion? That's twisted.
Rand Paul. One of 3 or 4 honest politicians. He almost gives the impression he has actually read & understands constitution. Love Rand Paul.
@SenRandPauI why aren't @GOP just making it better for the American people? Stop calling it Obamacare bc U R prejudice against @BarackObama
Because it passed under Obama.
Absolutely True! @GOP blinded by their hate 4Obama willing to hurt over 33 million people!
But Obamacare hurts.
We citizens are frustrated with all the Rinos coming out of the woodworks, too. 
Repeal !!!! No Bailout for Insurance Comp.
Sen. Rand Paul claims he's against health insurance company bailouts, but admits that keeping Obama-care has doubled there profits .
Don't even think about voting for any Healthcare bill that makes cuts to Medicaid for millions of disabled Americans!
so are the americans who voted for @potus we want #RepealNoReplace
Kevin, great interview. Keep asking the questions.
@RandPaul Agree.  GOP has let us down so far. Agree with your take on healthcare, but SOME progress/reversal of ACA beats nothing.
Big mouth little man
#StandWithRand
Rand Paul is AWESOME! The only guy in Washington that I trust! His father Ron Paul is AWESOME too! Truly great men! @RandPaul @RonPaul
Keep your thoughts on ACA. I believe you have the best ideas and I believe you can get the Dems on your side in a lot of it.  Peace.
It's NOTabout Democrats or Republicans it's  about the COST of Health Care+the health Insurances benefits This are the bases of difficulties
Rand Paul is a doctor! Never saw a doctor so ready and eager to kill his patients! Whatever happened to the Hippocratic Oath? Do no harm!!
Funny, doc.  In the current healthcare industry...providers and ins companies are expanding like casinos. Quality of care is dropping....
U R not quite up 2 speed on how the health industry feels about repealing Obamacare! U sound gleeful that 32 million could lose healthcare!
People are losing healthcare now!! Many just can't afford it! But I guess you don't care about those people.
Are you responding to me? Because that is part of my point
No sorry was supposed to be to someone who said the new plan would throw millions off healthcare. 
He isn't helping the American people. His pride is hurting a lot of people. He needs to join in with a real solution. He loves to be on TV
Rand Paul's of the GOP are losing it. They don't know no action is worse than Ocare. Dems are ready to take credit of any bipartisan effort!
@RandPaul You are way too nice!
DOUBLE STANDARDS Democrats orRepublicans attack the difficulty of count with aHUMAN&LOGIC answer for the HEALTH SYSTEM  central issue isCOST
stop the talking & grandstanding and work on whipping a vote on legislation..gop is failing to lead...dems in control on hcare.
He's frustrated.  He should try it from our shoes.  He has great insurance.  No more great programs that don't include elected officials
REPEAL IT NOW, write it correctly (or not) later.
Hope u saw Fox broadcast in KY diner, Lots of voters not happy w u. Said compromise, ur so called principles not theirs, said get it done!
I'm frustrated you and your party have not agreed to a replacement, you've had 7 years..  why don't you have a plan?
Obama vetoed it.
Many Status Quo RINOS voted for repeal, knowing it would not pass. Now they know it will pass, they are not voting for it. Speaks volumes!
It's  NOT Obama Care or New answer it's about HIGH COSTof Health Care in America+Insurances benefits. A LOGIC&Human system can't avoid FACTS
As are we
Americans wantSOCIALIST answers for their HEALTH CAREin a Capitalistic countryPoliticians ofBOTH parties must explain COST Health Care in US

Need more truth tellers like Sen RP.  ps...   don't let Sen McConnell anywhere near Ft Knox !
I'm frustrated but not surprised.
Actually maybe this is the best thing for Republicans. Let Obamacare fall and crumble.
Or just improve it so ppl don't lose coverage? Even @BarackObama said it needed some tweaks changes 2make it better.
Paul wanted more dead Americans He like GOP have no plans & are only able to be an opposition party LOSERS WITHOUT LIMITS!!
I am more impressed with @RandPaul each time I hear him!
It's because it's been the Party of No for so long that the GOP is splintered and can't function.
Keep it up @randpaul.  Too much legislation out there that is just plain cronyism.  It usnt taxpayers job to reward politicians' "friends".
what you are most concerned about is having your Russian ties exposed. You are a traitor and a coward.
https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower-hotel.html …
Rand is the best.  We love him.  He's honest.  A touch unrealistic.  The game is the game (play it).  But we are behind him 100 percent
It's time to fire mueller
Perhaps they are Senators listening to constituents who do not want to trade their HealthCare for the WealthFare Elephant in the room
Or they are senators who want to stop stealing people's money like Rand.
Exactly, which is why their constituents don't want WealthFare tax cuts
GOP IS SCREWING UP BIG TIME, but they don't want TRUMP TO SUCCEED. If he goes down dont they know we will hold against them too
I'm with Rand Paul on this one I switching from independent to libertarian
Great thinker
Love ya Senator, but your being way to kind to your party,with that accessment. They really want Ocare!
I say, if they don't want to vote for what we want, we don't need to vote for what they want. 
We need an anti-encombant vote
#pepe
@RandPaul Are you frustrated when our president is not consistent? President said that he wants to insure everyone with lower cost.
Now #GOP  looks Like JACKASSES, 18 Dems take back and then Ocare just going to get bigger.   #8yearlie I am sick of Bullshit !!!
Sen Paul I helped get your Dad on my state Ballot, gave to your+his campaigns. Will YOU PAY my fine or not buying HC? No mandate was repeal
You are not a kind person, @RandPaul
He is actually a very kind person, subjectively at least.
Now Mr. Paul knows how Republican voters feel
Repeal Obamacare.  The Dems botched it up so bad that it can't be fixed - face the facts.  The GOP need to repeal it quickly and move on
The ACA is a conservative healthcare plan. That's why 1) it was passed, and 2) why it isn't repealed. Stop with the team politics..both suck
Buying a car is private market .Car safety standards not . But buying healthcare only when you need it is already a big problem in many ways
I LIKE THIS MAN
so basically the rethuglican efforts to strip health insurance from people are not inhumane enough for @RandPaul
He said numerous times in the interview he doesn't want to give government funds to already profitable insurance companies.
that's the facade--in reality he just doesn't want people getting subsidies
Did you see his recent proposal?  What's the problem with it?
TrumpCare wasn't cruel enough for him
