thank you Senator
Really? you are thanking him for not covering any chronic condition after 2 years?
the way I read it was that you have 2 years to get insurance and it cover pre existing conditions
Again ANY CONDITION even if you are not diagnosed yet and ANYTHING have 2 do with illness NOT COVERED
you have 2 years to get civered, you can't wait til yyou get sick to get ins, and have them pay for it
What if you don't know that are sick With chronic cond  heart diease,disbetes, cancer, autoimmune in 2 years
u get health ins, in case u get sick, not after, you have a 2 year grace period to get ins, 2 cover pre ex
because Rand Paul/ GOP are trying 2 predict how many dollars a person's life is worth
So TRUE The GOP thinks that they are PRIVILEGED to have GOVT CARE that we pay for"
Nothing is free.
never said it was
except employers use pt employees so they can give bens to sr mgmt only. Requiring ins based on FTEs stops that.
so still no ft job w benefits?   Or now they can work lots of hrs for little salary and no ins for anyone?
Both Rand Paul and Paul Ryan think that we should work for more hours free, They get paid and don't work
a$5000 HSA to a working class person currently unable to save is worthless &  fully funded in 20%tax Brk =$1000 in help
So What are Americans supposed 2 do on a month to month basis, Who has thousands 4  a HSA
Paul says " You better damn well be able to predict when you are going to be sick"
Paul says "If you are diagnosed with a chronic condition after 2 years of sign up That Condition WILL NOT BE COVERED"
this is not a replacement. The reason we need insurance is because we can't pay med bills out of pocket even with HSA.
GREAT Plan @RedAlert

Dear @RandPaul Please implement these Top 10 Obamacare Solutions

READ IT HERE: http://www.easyinsurancegroup.com/2016/12/best-obamacare-replacement.html …
love your plan
with you a part of it. It will be great
Really? So you Don't mind that Paul is not Covering Chronic conditions after 2 years
In 2 years the market will have options for ppl now that they purchase across state-lines
A One-Page recommendation to fix our Nations Health care  https://www.facebook.com/notes/d-shawn-kennedy/a-one-page-recommendation-for-a-new-health-care-system/10154163130178027 … @RedAlert @RandPaul
It's a sham.
what about the poor, sick and elderly? I'm sure they'll hate it. I'm a millennial too.
Trump is one of them! selected members of CFR/Bilderberg for Cabinet
Best plan out there! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump we #StandWithRand #ObamacareReplacementAtS222
And insurance companies. They should REALLY love it.
What we demanded was repeal Obamacare.  We don't want another political party creating their own versiin.
When will the tyrants at @whitehouse @gop & @senatedems end their violence engendering drug war? http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/how-to-reduce-violence-in-america …
re; @senatedems @gop @whitehouse violate @intlcrimcourt law w/ quasi-holocaust drug war mandate. http://motherboard.vice.com/blog/watch-this-trailer-the-drug-war-is-a-holocaust-in-slow-motion …
Let's hope the honorable qualified @RonPaul & @USIP doesn't hear about this.
as a millennial, no, i definitely hate this
please pass you health care program my husband and I 
I see you want to END the MANDATE for people to buy health insurance, THANK YOU! OK @GOP @SpeakerRyan put up or shut up!
your GOP friends have no plan to replace ACA. We need our health care.
where R minimum wage workers with families supposed to get the extra $ for HSAs? #BADplan #NOTbetterThanACA
Does your plan to remove the abotifacs requirement in Health Care! I won't buy ACA because of that.
u guys just changed the name right? Cheating is the GOPs middle name!
Bill now exempts healthcare from anti trust laws. Why would you do that? http://www.market-ticker.org . You are the problem!
great work Senator
question, i read the plan, is dental or eye care covered by the plan? I saw a brief mention of dental, not clear on it.

WHY work on a OCare Replacement. GIVE US THE SAME INSURANCE EVERYONE IN CONGRESS HAS. I'M SICK OF YA'LL BEING BETTER
A lot of left wing bot action makes me think your plan is getting traction. Well done Senator!
DRUM ROLL.....SILENCE...LIGHTS ACTION 3 2 1 YOUR ON AIR!
I'm a Millennial and I HATE it
His plan is a joke
so far this seems like to be the best plan that has come forward.
Rand If you have a pre-existing condition... screwed.
more options is always a good thing
Paul says "People With preexisting conditions will die and be discriminated against"
as a millenial that works in healthcare, I can say your plan is  #fail
As a CML patient Gen Xer who works in healthcare and insures 2 millenials. Your opinion is vapid.
no one asked for your opinion.  Bye 
can you elaborate on your 2 years open enrollment plan for people w/ pre-existing conditions?
After 2 years if you are diagnosed with a chronic conditions after 2 years  those conditions NOT COVERED
Thanks Sen. Paul hopefully this gets traction one form or another!
It won't because it sucks
decent for a republican plan (to be expected from Rand Paul) but still not far enough at all
I like it. Hope it gains broad support.
I'm not buying it yet let's read it first
Best way to lower healthcare costs is FDA reform. Cut FDA approval time by 5 years & reclass most prescriptions to OTC.
Looks good! We definitely need pre-existing condition protection in new plan.
by "love it" you mean "hate you"
lol
#StandWithRand
Doubtful.  Millenials believe crazy uncle Bernie's socialist BS too much to think straight.
that's the left side of us(SJW).  The gen z side (me and many others) have a brain and will love the new act
same here. Those of us with independent thoughts will love it.
HSA's are NOT the way to go.  Health Care for ALL
My HSA earned 20% this week TAX FREE.
So should Bankruptcy lawyers!
I like most of it, but $5K credit is bad for elders compared to young, plus block grant concerns. Good, but needs work.
