fingers crossed that the Freedom Caucus sticks to their commitment, voters deserve what was promised, not RyanCare
I'm just curious what specifically were voters promised that wasn't in the AHCA or the ACA that is still GOP friendly?
what was promised was affordable healthcare. Obamacare is not affordable & ACA with age tax is unaffordable
But the AHCA will make it more expensive, and fewer healthy people might opt to purchase care.
Moreover, the reason why the ACA is expensive for many is because the GOP blocked larger subsidies.
And there isn't an age tax in the ACA. However, the GOP AHCA does allow insurance companies to charge more based on age.
The people most likely to do worse with this bill are the poor (sick) white workers that voted for Trump. It's sad but self-inflicted
@CruzControl2016 You should resign if you don't take something that starts the process of undoing Obama Care NO OPTION!
I hope ur in touch with Rep Garamendi, CA former Insurance Commissioner. His Tu nite special session of Congress talk is great.
Should repeal Obama Care anyway. New Health Care should not be passed with Insurance subsidees in it, period!
Senator Paul, kindly vote for this AHCA bill. The improvements are what we can attain. More later
also I need you to take up a fight against Jeff sessions and legalizing medical use and recreational use of marijuana please
the system allowed the insurance companies to get 2 big and powerful, affordable health care is a myth in .
We're not going to forget that we just spent 7 yrs working our asses off to elect ppl who promised to REPEAL it
Think u must be too much American. Someone is always fighting against you.
WE WANT WHAT TRUMP PROMISED!!! COVERAGE FOR EVERYONE AT A FRACTION OF THE COST OF OBAMACARE. VOTE NO ON OBAMACARE -LIGHT
please vote NO on health bill.  Get it right the first time.
Did you hear Trump say on television that you have a good heart? that's what I always say!Hope you believe it
instead of screaming foul, why didn't you have a plan ready to approve day 1. if i went around crying i would get fired
screaming won't let me in,  seven years to get together but you didn't. Just like you will put off coal mine healthcare
You just want attention. Sore loser can't support @POTUS
Rand you need to work to get the Win not just defeat Ryan!
You that oppose need to sit down with those that are for it and come up with the right thing for AM people. Show us ur plan
is that all you can think of to say? Wow
Don't sign a RINO bill! Get it all in one bill and don't punish those who are older and not yet on Medicare!
Repeal Paul Ryan as speaker of the house...#MAGA
start calling it obamacare amendment. Its not a repeal.
Good work. Free market.
Idc who loses insurance... health insurance is NOT an entitlement!
#WE CANNOT AFFORD IT!
who got you there to be in this position . Honor us!
@realDonaldTrump how shitty is this bill that u need to wheel and deal last minute to get it 2 pass by a hair? Wouldn't be 2 proud
@realDonaldTrump please work together!!!! President did the right thing in the campaign by addressing this. lets get it repealed
Do it right or don't do it
All we want are revisions to obamacarelite that would make it an actual repeal and return healthcare 2 free market & competition.
It is interesting that both the left and the right don't much care for Trumpcare
you need to step up and quit letting them step on you go to @realDonaldTrump  and explain how and why your plan is better.
what then? Get together on solutions for us Americans. Y'all work for us
@NetworksManager they all need to be fired!!!
@NetworksManager trump is a deal maker we need Obamacare gone let's negotiate and get this done guys we can't just let Obamacare
Ty for doing the right thing again
VP Pence just said on R.L. that by vote time tomorrow they'd have the votes. Ya know, I hope not. This obamacare lite isn't right.
THE GREAT WHITE JUDGEMENT DAY. VICTORY WILL FINALLY BE HIS
no you fail and America looses. Loosing great opportunity to fix if your wishes come true. Wonder what your constituents say  ask?
JESUS SEES THE  NESS OF THIS ALL. YOU ALL WILL BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE BEFORE JESUS. I AM WAITING FOR THAT DAY
AND IF YOU STOP MONSANTO FROM POSIONING US EE WOULDNT GET SICK
YOU GUYS GOT PEOPLE RUNNING TO THE DRS FOR EVERY LITTLE THING AND PEOPLE DONT NEED TO PAY FOR THEM

I hope you know your job may be on the line....!
good job
TRUMP IS STUBBORN
good job.  Thank you
Keep going Senator!  110% agree with you, No RINOCARE!
The speed bump is RINO Ryan!
People often think politics works with a magic wand.
Why has gun control that's wrapped in Obamacare not yet been removed.
well we got SCOTUS pick out of all this. Having doubts tax reform gets done. Much tougher than HC.
not liking the stand down nor the #obamacarelight. GOP has screwed us once again. No faith
You are supported..Block the bill!!
Hope your wrong.  Get it right in the Senate where you have more flexibility.  Send the correct form back to House.
Ahahahaha  LOVE IT
stand strong Sir
- as it should.
Full repeal of Obamacare as promised!
Not According to @PressSec . So who Protecting the Failure In Chief .
The reason why Healthcare is outrageous is because Insurance exists or Gov. pays for it.
stop working against POTUS!!!!

#THECOLLUSION: http://www.pollshare.com/user/rodney/poll/3803 … 
Keep fighting for liberty, sir.  You can always join us in the Libertarian Party.
The President needs to push your bill!  It is much better!
Good. Needs to fail. Just make improvements to the ACA by bringing down premiums- deal w/ins co.s Thats why premiums are going up
premiums are going up because of the "pre existing conditions" clause of ACA and the price controls govt put on ins Co
if I can only charge certain people 3x more than others, how do I cover costs and still make a profit?
Stand tall Senator.
This obammurcare is UNCONSTITUTIONAL and they all know it. Piece by piece they are ending the Constitution.
. WE WANT WHAT TRUMPOVSKY PROMISED! EVERYONE COVERED AT A FRACTION OF PRESENT COST! SHOULD BE #FREE UNIVERSAL COVERAGE!!!
That's Because It's NOT A Straight REPEAL NOV8Map Voted 4.GET Your Ars in Gear Capitol Hill and Protect Citzn fr dishonest INSCOs
Many people have ideas, but your no good or effective at your job if you are unable to get unity behind it. Good luck.
Please fight to make healthcare a state issue. Or at least make Heath insurance available across state lines. #FreeMarket
is this about Ryan, Paul, or the American people?
So talking about a perfect bill...that will never pass is sadly just as bad as having a bad bill that can pass.
please fix this!
It wasn't a repeal, so #fakenews
I hate to say it but i actually hope you are able to stop AHCA
buy a pharmaceutical company to lower cost of meds.
stay strong! So many of us stand with you, @SenTedCruz ,  @SenMikeLee , @replouiegohmert and so forth. Fight it.
how are you heloing by saying no??
You can demand free market healthcare and most conservatives on board. But not moderates. Not senate. It's a waste.
what if this bill gets support from the left? It's Obamacare 2.0 afterall...
Voters are really starting to hate the way you are acting...seems like you really like being on TV and not trying to work with leadership
you keep campaigning for 2020 with your view only but can't convince people. You will lose again. Learn to persuade

U should look to import drugs to America. Biggest cost 2 Americans is criminally overpriced medicine and supplies are monopolized
Rand, you can have many great ideas, but your unable to ever get support to legislate. It's a bunch of hoopla. Honestly.
good! Thanks for standing strong!
I support our President, but we do not want Ryan-Care.
We appreciate the work you have been doing Rand
Excellent! Stay the course.
As long as the Ryan plan remains "as is", continue to fight it.
#StandWithRand
That abomination is anything but a repeal.
We need to pass something to have a victory before moving to taxes and other things. We can fix more later. Better than nothing
I love HSA's , I love free market. ObamaCare screwed me.  But when the Titanic sinks, you can't save all the passengers.
You cannot do FULL repeal without  60 Senators.. That's the problem. Start somewhere.
I love Rand Paul, Freedom Caucus.. but without 60 (R) Senators there exists only 2 choices.  Let OCare die or try.
Stand strong. I trust you. YOU DA MAN!
