Confused. Thought it was legislature's (your) job to tell them what they could legally do.
It is our job but many of my colleagues think this is OK and have no desire to change the law.  We have a chance to change it right now.
Thank you for your reply. 
In your view, do they violate the law, as it is? If so, instead of a failure of law, is it a failure of conduct?
It might follow the law but it violates Constitution. FISA 702 expires this yr.; Congress should require warrants in the renewed FISA 702
Making law conform to the Constitution seems like a duty you swore to do and a thing all should desire.
Sadly the _absolute_last_ thing that law makers consider is the constitutionality of a law - That's for the courts to decide they say.
Any law maker who supports a law that is found unconstitutional should be BARRED from ANY & ALL positions of public trust - FOR LIFE
Are you saying an review of existing warrants requires an additional warrant? Please explain
FISA standards established for spying on "foreigners not on US soil" are not adequate (or constitutional) for protecting US citizens.
702 states any data on us citizens be terminated unless deemed valid to investigation by the court. Wouldn’t that warrant review?
That's not how it works.
Page 2 points 1 & 2 ?
If it's legal, we need to change the law, because I don't think it's constitutional.
If it's not constitutional then it is no law at all.
Yes we can.  FISA 702 is up for reauthorization/reform by Congress.  Needs fixed.  Needs warrant requirement for US citizens.
This is why they like Trump he creates the distractions out front while they destroy our rights in the background.
#WakeUpAmerica
To be clear, this is exactly how the program operated under Obama too.  They're advocating for keeping it the same.
I'm not disagreeing with you, but you ask yourself what's there motive(s) and what do they hope to accomplish in the end?
And do you seriously trust this Sociopath? If you do, how far?



And if they told you this false info, we're going to need proof. Because "Well, he told me so" doesn't cut it coming from our politicians.
I don't remember that part of the #4A. Weird. Boys and Girls say it with me #Usurpation Legal ≠ Constitutional. A free people assert rights.
It's like telling a dog who likes to kill chickens NOT to kill chickens!
More #SwampFoxes, like @ShaneTHazel & @AP4Liberty in Congress NOW!
You are spreading rumors. Direct quotes might be believable.
https://www.eff.org/pages/about-collection …
My advice? Don't commit domestic crimes. 
Glad someone believed me ty
Too bad we didn't pass that #AmashAmendment when we had the chance. Could have given us some time to slow down and think.
@justinamash 
I doubt it
Get it done, prosecute the guilty and be transparent. We are counting on you.  Govt needs a cleansing-end corruption!

Revised timeline raises new questions about hotel's response to Las Vegas shooting. http://abcn.ws/2gbOcgr  
That does not sound like the law that was supposed to be passed.
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepThomasMassie/status/917096212523778049 … (Ranked 11th for Oct 8.)
Repeal it!
That's insane.
If it's not constitutional, it shouldn't be made law. I feel a lawsuit coming on...@CauseofActionDC
Those goose-stepping brown-shirts aren't much good for anything other than a hardy 'zieg heil' to fuhrer Trump.
#TruthVegas
It's just one of the reasons the Establishment, media, the "intelligence community" is working together to "destroy" Trump & keep 'theirs' !
FOIA open records law DO NOT apply to Congress.

@JudicialWatch testifies it should be.

We should ask why not.
WHY NOT?
The Oligarchs and biz as usual is imploding on its own once that is done it is what follows that really matters ,all this will not stop it

#Swamp Fox watching the Swamp Hen house. Honor among #SwampLawyer thieves. Americans lose again.

#2A is to protect us against Gov tyranny.
Trump family pays Distract Attorneys to not be prosecuted. Moral of the story is, laws only apply to billionaires.
You mean never apply to billionaires.
Government has taken our liberty!
do it!!
with all the powers of unconstitutional searches the braindead us police now have they still cant bust their bosses for pedophilia?
Look up by Name,targeting,this is not Investigation of Crimes, it's selective/political 1st&4th Amend Violation.@BarackObama used 4Politics
R rights r being trampled on. Bush started this then Clinton's, then Bush, then Obama. People need to unite for r freedoms and rights
Violation of the us constitution is treason! And how does fbi get our data if they are a gang! It seems like our gov is the problem!

Hoping they will commence with search immediately and do a thorough and complete investigation and publish findings in an open report!
Someone needs to do something about whats going on in ohio county ky
I'm not sure I like it except that it's going to get the top White House people busted if I had something to hide I would be scared
Did you tell them where to get off?
DEMOCRATS WILL NOT QUIT TILL THEY GET MARTIAL LAW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Sounds like freedom
People don't realize_US gov deep state started recruiting, training of Democrat employees,in 79-80s. Specifically chose dem canadidates _NSA
Can we do away with FISA court?
A mobster told me you could be wacked even with a sit down.
Once again. Unconstitutional!
They have to validate the Trump dossier ,to legally have the 702 capture,total Intel capture ,still going on today,&so the fake Mueller show
The Police State has the belief that the citizens are subjects of the state. A practice that King George lost through our revolution.
Time to repeal NDAA. #DTS
Pull funding. NO to #702program
Sad but true. This  abomination must end. We are no longer a free country except in our own imaginations.

The NSA has been spying on us since 9/11 and none of you care. This is not news.  News will be when you actually give us our privacy back.
Yes they can, despite publicized accounts that a warrant is required. Just another NSL.
21st century stuff. WE will catch up eventually. Majority Report?
Define "legally"... No judge who understands law and is willing to stop them?
Good point tucker !!! Thread the whole swamp has to go !!!
What makes me angry more than anything is how under #Bush, #Obama & #Trump we allowed and keep allowing the terrorists to win. The #PatriotAct is their Heavyweight Belt. Liberty doesn't stand a chance under our 1 PARTY SYSTEM!
Howsbout We The People search THEM (#they) without a warrant?
Can an American citizen accused of a crime request NSA surveillance data on themself for legal defense purposes? Also so much for Amendment4
That's Orwellian! #MAGA @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul
This needs to #STOP
Do you believe everything your told?

No stopping it now -- but I appreciate you urinating into the police state wind as much as you do...
Scary shit. Maybe AG and FBI Director need TO GO.
"The 4th amendment must be respected at all times and never supposed to be undermined." - States Rights Radio.
So can anyone walk in get information
Not constitutional scholars I take it.
Obama taught constitutional law. Bill Clinton also is 'constitutional lawyer'.
This is a crime. @realDonaldTrump @AGJeffBSessions
702 is bad for America and bad for the world. End it.
too bad the deranged pedophiles wont prosecute themselves!
Let's do it!
How will they say the received the information in court?
They do it on a regular basis. Patriot Act created out of control monster. 9/11 was a staged demolition false flag to take away our rights.
they is rothchilds
Investment bankers become filthy rich by shorting the future of the people.
as long as the criminal activity of banking goes unpunished there will be no peace on earth.
USA in the middle of heroin opioid epidemic, and US Troops control all the airspace and poppy production in Afghanistan. Makes you wonder.
rothchilds have taken over all major drug trades on earth except NK,they use proceeds to fund coups assassinations and wars w cia isis etc
These are well documented known facts to those who aren't part of the flock of sheeple.
not surprised at all...
unfortunately
