I want affordable health care. Retweet if you agree.
Rand wants to repeal and replace with free market principles that will lead to affordable healthcare #StandWithRand
Free market principles weren't working, that's why the ACA was enacted.  I don't want to go back to the way it was.
Government caused the problems...Getting government out of the way is the only solution
How did government cause the problems before the ACA?
The system wasn't perfect but it was better than obamacare
There was no system.  Watch the documentary "Sicko" to see what live was like before the ACA.
Good job; you were taught well
Let's NOT Forget...All of Congress n others in power are Exempt.  If you know this, Raise your hand.
https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/07/24/gop-senators-dont-approve-mystery-health-bill-david-durenberger-column/502976001/ …
Give us the same health care that Congress has them you will be able to say that you are replacing obamacare with a better system.
Repeal Obamacare, let the free market takeover, it is time for the insurance companies to fight for business. Government get out of the way!
#Jesus4Justice
me too. I hate that I am "forced" to pay for your great health benefits. and all the other wonderful perks you get on our backs.
What does that statement have to do with healthcare? Travel all you want Rand.
Or life and life insurance. Leave us alone, government has minimal place in our lives.
You're funny
Just 1 problem, Rand Paul. We've been in it since Reagan started all this.  Of course, we could say it started when they did JFK n all did 0
Or in an overpopulated by illegals state
AMEN! Return to free market system and get govt out of h/c
Ok ,so why he is against gay marriage?
That's his personal opinion. But politically he would support the government getting out of marriage all together.
With him on free market solutions.  If you want your care to mimic the VA, then by all means let the government run healthcare.
Repeal and replace... That was the retoric
if you don't want to live in a nanny state then stop acting like one. American people sick of all talk and no action
Repeal Obamacare Now!
And screw people without health insurance
Oh move over Oscar Wilde
Agreed. Health care and the right to murder unborn children are not in the Constitution, repent and repeal them!
Agree 1000%
Yes Sir! That is exactly What we need.
Complete repeal. No replacement. Open the competition between insurers. Investigate cost.
God bless you Rand
Good thing we don't. People still need healthcare, though. Don't repeal, FIX!
So many just don't get that when you make govt responsible for things you also give it control over those things!  :-(
Get the insurance companies out of any Healthcare overhaul.

The government has had its hand in my pocket throughout my working life. Can I get my money back now?
No no no and NO
We're already there....sadly....
You are right you i am behind you 100 percent
you are the best senator of all Thank you Rand Paul
U can b glad I don't live in your state or you would be gone ! Time to quit complaining and do something for your country and party !
DOES NO ONE UNDERSTAND THAT ITS GONNA FREAKING HARD TO REPLACE IT?! I mean, you can't just do it overnight,
Please pass a good healthcare bill. If you have to compromise a little, do it for the greater good. Also, take a look at  AtlasMd, Dr. Umber
Ok Rand, you've had time to bloviate. Can you just vote to repeal the disaster called Obamacare.
I am with you! Are politicians going to be on this healthcare? I donot want a government run healthcare!
I agree 100%
I already had a Dad...don't need another.
Let Trump drain the swamp of THE SENATE AND THE HOUSE and replace with members that care and have LOYATY to Americans
Too late
Doctors make terrible politicians.
You have clearly sold your soul to the devil. #GOPShame
bless his heart guess he has never spoken to a REAL Native Indian !
#StandWithRand
The same people who want less gov't and more accountability  yet are trying to pass health care legislation that effects everyone in secret
Unfortunately height does not help him...
Mississippi is off your list, trust me. Not new, here.
waaa waaahhhhhh cry baby
That's made worst by Trump. Do your job and impeach him.
Spoiled brat and a piss poor Senator. Screw all of us so he gets to be the man. Shameless punk.
We don't either!!! Why should Americans have Socialized Medicine anyway?  I don't recognize our country any longer. It's all about GREED!!
#StandStrong @RandPaul Thank you!!
Ron no ones wants to, but congress and the federal govt has not fixed the corruption and faked program for 20 years fixes will take time.
I want it gone, if not all right now, Herman Caine said"one hit at a time".Take it down a piece at a time.Pull wavier, put congress on ocare
Repeal AND replace
We're almost there!
I don't either!!!!
@RandPaul has become a member of the swamp!
Dats wut appens win u go faw wight nawt yeft
Of curse. so... less gov. control!!
I agree with Rand Paul  repeal and replace
In the  system, the provinces run single payer system, not the Feds. If so worried about Feds, why not state level single payer..?
Having a govt that provides low cost / free health care is not a nanny state. It's the decent thing to do. Only  doesn't seem to get it
Then tell the other senate repubs to repeal O-care NOW!!!...if not the people will never vote republican again!!!
Go Rand Paul
I agree, don't give the house back to the Democrats. Vote for healthcare system.
What you're saying Rand is you don't want to live in a state with communism.I don't either.
look at NC blue cross and missions hospitals.  Look at the rural hospitals closing. Work for the people not party
you got elected by gerrymandering
Thanks Senator Paul for all you are,doing.
good point ,why can't we have the plan they have,oh now I know because our taxes pay for it and we don't qualify for it as we are not pols
Agree with #FullRepeal but Sen Paul's plan is not likely 2 B passed because its not liked... No bailouts to Ins Cos as their CEO's R wealthy
Last Jan., Congress should have repealed the ACA, without a replacement.  Fed. health laws disobey the 10th Amendment.
freedom to give tax breaks to the billionaire
the promised was based on lies.look what is happening in http://NC.pay  what is owed stabilize the market
...as the Dems
I'm really getting tired of @RandPaul obstructing @POTUS' agenda. He and fellow GOP'rs didn't want @POTUS elected into office. Their as bad
no. Don't repeal. fix the #ACA
You have small support Rand  obviously more people want Trump GOP healthcare plan
Maybe you need to live in a "nanny" state Paul. Try growing up.
Have to compromise with senators. It just rant get on tv sir.
Everywhere tv etc just not in DC working to try.  Nope your way only
Sorry but RandPaul is all talk talk talk, while we suffer. He has a good job $$, benefits, & good healthcare, while we have ObummerCare.
I totally agree this supposed to be a free country but the progressive movement want us to be totally dependent on the government
We need a bit of pragmatism here, not just myopic ideals. Constituents appreciate your viewpoint, but also elected you to get things done!
Sorry Rand but once the government starts handing out "free stuff" paid for by the taxpayers there is no going back. It only gets bigger
Because Senators & Congressmen r not on ObamaCare and are paid by lobbyists, big banks,etc to keep it, they won't COMPLETELY REPEAL it.
Amen brother! #MAGA
I agree with that statement absolutely, but we have to start somewhere, holding out and getting nothing done is not the answer
raise that fist to #aipac
In an ideal world, for sure. But the reality is there cannot be a free market in health care - too many limitations, controls, distortions.
Good idea in theory. However, I appreciate the fact that people are required to stop at red lights, for example.
It's all here in Levin's latest book!!! America is in real danger from within right now! 
Levin shows what we are really up against. Read his book.
Rand Paul is a true Patriot.    .
Translator has been paged.
This is dumb, not only is his quote irrelevant but you're in support of kicking 26 million people off healthcare, why?
It started in the last administration. You and the rest of Congress need to get behind Pres. Trump so we don't go that direction again 2020.
Message shld also inc repeal #FATCA. US only citizen tax'n & #FATCA locks Am's in, virtual Berlin Wall.  http://bit.ly/2ttkdpm  #taxreform
I don't want to live in a country where the President has the mentality of a 3rd grade bully who belongs in prison w his family & admin.
Rand Paul, last seen wandering the streets randomly trying to enter people's homes....
Congress has 2many handsome guys i can't even criticize them even though I get confused with their stance on policies trying not 2follow 'em
needs a nanny to change his poopy diapee
We must give more power to the states and less to the federal government. This will form more independence for the people
But you have no problem telling women what they can and can't do with their bodies.  Hypocrites.
RT If U want @RandPaul @HouseGOP @SenateGOP 2 Have the same #DEATHCARE they want us 2 Hve They r Goin 2 EXEMPT Themselves And FCK US #RESIST
Let me tell u that is exactly where we are heading!!!
Getting people work gives them dignity too!
No government is telling you that. Stop the drama!
Rand is no good.He is holding up our President.We voted for Trump to fix Washington and fix healthcare.Rand is stalling progress like dems.
Amen
It's such a banal and empty statement that anyone could agree with it.
We don’t want to end up like the Gard family.
YES YES YES A THOUSAND TIMES YES!
Or live in a country where people die because we prefer tax cuts for the rich over health care for all. Promote the general welfare, moron.
Abo 46 universal healthcare nations onthis planet. Americans are human like those people.Sen. How do you think about it?We deserve it ornot
@RandPaul you should be in favor of #POTUS repealing congressional exemption to #Obamacare then?
I don't care 

just give us a better heatlhcare bill @RandPaul

RETWEET !!!
Nope 
#StandWithRand
Amen to that , a Slap in the face to all whom have given their lives & Limbs for OUR Freedom in the USA
