RAND PAUL IS 100% CORRECT! Government: Hands off our e-mails!
Too many people like Obama, Lynch, Hillary, Holder, Rice, Comey in government.
And we want Rand off our hands. Bye bye kiss ass Paul.
Lo e end Paul one of the few great Americans left
I want a lot of reform, not high on the priority list though. I'm under no illusion, we will always be spied on in some form. I don't care.
Twelve triple three
The NSA's been creating a profile on every American. Just like Nazi Germany did. They already knew where all the Jews were. Christians?
I see a lot of "wants" not enough results.
It's the way Democracy doesn't work.
Tie things up in Committee.
Table motions
Move to limit debate
Amend the main motion.....
It is how republics work, and for good reason. The slow process prevents reactionary politics.
I used to believe in the Republic idea.
It is unrealistic.
Expects too much from the people.
A product of Enlightenment Deists and reason.
If it was such a good idea, why has it fallen apart in such a short period of time?
National Socialism addresses the peoples desire for
Hope
Living wages
Housing
Collective identity
Teamwork
Security
As long as you can get past the whole enslavement to the state, thing.
They can't even keep their own emails straight!

What have you got hiding in your emails, sir?
“If you mention a foreign target or their contact information, you can get swept up in this”...this includes naming #Jesus of Nazareth #tcot
For this reason ALWAYS save drafts also & talk up condemnation of vile privacy invading devil worshiping NSA'ers + their wives cheat on them
Please return our privacy!
Just use Bleach-Bit, Hellery did and got away with it .Double standard. But like U Paul,and Congress, talk, talk, and talk,never any action.
@realDonaldTrump @seanhannity Why not repeal ACA then allow states to develop Concierge Healthcare it would be cheaper then insurance!!!!!
Wow, it's one of Obama legacy. I wonder where's the left and #liberals? Ant they crying for human rights?
you know this really geared up under gw right, or are you the one that only cares when it's "the left"? @RandPaul
Pls stop the Mueller Insanity! There is your COLLUSION ! These boys top anyone from Salem!We do not need WAR with RUSSIA!
We are with you, @RandPaul
I stand with Rand!
So do I. In fact we need to get US govt to stop spying on US citizens period.
liberty and the Paul family. last known of the Federalist party
Absolutely Agree. Thanks @RandPaul Please Keep Up the Fight for This

Great, just as email is becoming a thing of the past in favor of text messaging...
How about corporations?
Army signals intelligence is targeting me with satellite directed energy & artificial telepathy speech harassment insider told me who it is
Totally agree
Yes!! Tell them Rand
wyden's demands are like least poss changes. s/b talking about expiring 702 now in 2017! #restorethe4th!
You can trust them...Or you can trust strong cryptography. What politicians need to be restricting is traffic analysis.
Bless him-he's right on the money!
I also want governments hands off my health care, pay check, and my life
We also want any & all spying devices in our vehicles, TV's, cable-TV devices, & cell-phones GONE (they still  spy even when shut off)!
The government needs to get out of our computers.
Why do people value servitude more than freedom?
I want govt out of my life totally!
E-mails are no different than phone calls and the govt. has no right to arbitrarily collect and or read them without a damn good reason!
I'm liking Rand more and more!
How about hands on killary' Emails?
Yawn....Senate GOP and Senator Paul have majority and they still piss down their legs vs libs. #results
I would like that too. As an ordinary citizen I can't do much about it. I hope u can do this n u can get OUR gov out of our computers too!
Yes Sir! 
I want govt hands off my emails, my health care and my money!
my hero @RandPaul
Hey Rand Paul, how about some privacy laws against internet sites using our biometric data???huh???
I stand with Rand.
As always, you are the Champion of right Goverment! Wish I could help you somehow.
It's odd for a man so concerned with personal liberty to be so thoughtless about people's need to be healthy along with free
And my health care
We the people want Congress to have the same OBAMACARE that we do we are fed up with paying for Congress luxury benefits that we don't have
Keep the standard high Senator Paul!
You are absolutely right

@SenWyden_GSPP Solution is just make Sergio Martinez (20 deports) as Majority Leader or the Lahore Car Salesman  IT Specialist of DNC/DWS  ?
It's sad that this is nearly considered a radical position.
I'm with you.
Good safety first I Think good Idea 
Yes!
This getting to much like 1984 for me. BHO wanted to get I to everyone's business. Govt  outreach for info leaves citizens no privacy.
Also  can you get these co. - FB-Youtube-Google-Twitter   to stop  changing things for their purposes -like hate bots to Pres. Trump come on

Would these govt hands be the Awan's hands? They had access to national security emails.
I AGREE
@RandPaul , One of the few in Washington D.C. with the interests of the American people.
@RandPaul all network traffic.
I don't want the government involved in anything that the state governments are or should be taking care of.
I want Government trimmed down drastically. What happened to the 20-30% retirement rate when Trump won?
I think they need to look into ur emails. There is something going on that you don't want us to find out. Ur not a Jared Fogle are you?
I got nothing to hide they can look at mines all day. If they need to infiltrate terrorist organizations so be it.u must be watching porn
He seems to be a fan of the @telegram messenger app which is being used by terror groups including #ISIS
And our health care! When Government gets involved prices go   & quality goes . The GOP needs to unify, stand together.
Get healthcare done.
What is the justification for the US taxpayer getting stuck with a $55M bill (so far) for @POTUS golf?
Forget about that. Repeal and Replace Obamacare as promised.
Me too! End 702!
Shutdown the NSA.  Simple.
thats absurd ma'am they just got too carried away lookin for bad guys at our expense of freedom,a wolf in sheeps clothing if uwill,trading..
our freedoms for so called sake of security,biggest loss of privacy lost in  U.S in my 50+yrs,scare tactics to snoop law abiding citizens.
do NOT reauthorize until  complete investigation
Because of unmasking abuses, also change so court order required to unmask an American. Require specific probable cause petition to unmask.
Go Rand Paul!, but don't there; keep Government hands off of all American privacy. And take down some of these damn  that spy.
I agree
I agree
#mybytesRmybytes just like my #RIGHTS

#ThatsMyDataNotYours
Thanks Rand keep up the fight
Government hands off of our emails and hand over illegal Hillary emails.
@RandPaul remove the head of FAA NOW! Sitting on third class medicals for over 3 months. UNACCEPTABLE
Press harder! This is criminal!
Hands off my privacy! You have no right to surveil any matters I want to keep private!
I WANT RESULTS FROM MY GOVERNMENT.  When do you think that's going to happen?
#StandWithRand
We the people want government completely out of our lives.
Damn straight. They have NO business in our emails
Rand Paul focusing on emails while he's really should be focusing on health care. The idiot 
Thank you for blocking the NDAA perfunctory passage by the OnePartyState.
How about my us mail seems like thats the problem for me
You can thank wacko unabomber for that ma'am.always some idiot ruin it for good people and beuracracies expand on that,creating jobs 4 selfs
No on 702 until there is actual oversight pf our intelligence community.
Agree
I want a 4th amendment for the 21st century. No searches/seizures of cars, phones, emails, social media, regular mail, etc.
too bad you're only one in a sea of corrupt dolphins
Rand Paul talks in the third person
did you take money to sell our private information on the internet?
yes.  TY.
Who is the only trustworthy politician and why is his name RAND PAUL!!!

We need more people like you representing our country, Rand!
At the forefront of making the country better on a regular basis. Good work.
You could get easily get Hillary Clinton on board with this idea to help get it through.
Rand Paul is the ONLY acceptable senator.
Amen. We support Rand Paul. Don't be shaken by Senators Grahamnesty & McLame, who are 
Unless they have a warrant, you betcha. Emails are sent specifically. It is a crime to intercept private communications w/o a warrant.
Ask Hillary how that's done. She's the expert at keeping emails away from government.
Except he's totally fine with ISPs selling people's browsing history. Total two - faced LINO fraud.
Now what was it the @POTUS likes to grab, though? Guess no one had a problem that.
Get them the hell out of our personal lives!
https://www.facebook.com/caleb.chiero/posts/10155564798257498 …
How about putting that hands off attitude towards judge appt Newsom & Schiff both dangers to our Civil Liberties #14thamend #no2schiffnewsom
GET BACK TO REPEALING HEALTH CARE - DO YOUR DAMN JOB RAND PAUL - DISGRACEFUL!!!
But he wants corps all up in your business. Government bad, unaccountable profit driven entities not subject to disclosure, good.
Did you write a healthcare plan yet? Would like to see what you consider a good plan.
That coincides with Mass Deportations, Back to sain! #DTS #magA
Citizen Dave wants Government hands off all my personal life, liberty, & PURSUIT OF HAPPINESS.
Y would U B in favor of releasing repeat drug addicts on the street w/ no accountability or deterrent?? SOROS funded program is a RED FLAG!
Drug addicts don't belong in jail for drug posession
Government Hands off my Heath Insurance. sick government policies!!
That's great Rand but the priority was REPEAL, the VA, TAX CODE, PUT HILLARY IN PRISON, & BUDGET...you are 1 for 5

To late, you should have been on top of this earlier. Don't believe you didn't know

Not surprising Putin throws out US diplomats, but he & his cronies will still pay price for attacking our democracy http://www.cnn.com/2017/07/30/politics/russia-us-diplomatic-missions/index.html …
.Agree
Bet Hillary is 
Listen to Democrats & Republicans and more importantly - Taxpayers whom are WE THE PEOPLE.
Hmm. Wonder what Wyden's ulterior motive is.
How about some tax relief for middle class!
But then Trump would have no leverage
Don't stop at emails, Rand...EVERY electronic transaction, including this tweet, is recorded and will be used against you.
And a lot of people want Rand Paul off their government! Period!
I also want government out of my computer.
Unless you reveal classified information. Sign the petition to #lockherup http://chargehillaryclinton.com 
Thank you!
I am with Rand on that! We should all.be with him!
This is completely meaningless because we all know our government would never do anything illegal. Right? They'll do it regardless
We Love You, Rand 
Lol. Hillary agrees!
Since the NSA shares all RAW DATA with Israel. Does that include those assholes too?
Another Desperate Cover-Up Attempt .. to Save Trumpf's   Presidency From Total  Disaster... 
Good Monday, Sen. Rand  Paul of Kentucky, everyone almost ; Email,  I dont..
Internet privacy for US citizens is a must with out a court order. It is the law. Govt. orgs. are not above the law.
I want the government's hands off my everything
Me to should been done when that crazy obama was in office he started it.
The language and intent of the 4th Amendment is unambiguous
There is a specific right to privacy but there is no general right
looking forward to Rand getting a vote on this matter & then voting for the government getting my emails for some "principled" reason
...and everybody else too.

Could someone send me the statements of outrage from the WH or State about the Russian expulsion of our diplomats? Haven't seen yet.
What do you expect we did the very same thing to them and we're putting economic sanctions on them
I agree with you! 
https://twitter.com/LawyerRogelio/status/891747597907611648 …
Agree
What happened to hands off our healthcare? Botched that!
He was one of the only ones pushing for full repeal
He is NEVER willing to negotiate.
Exactly.
Absolutely Rand
And so do I...
Wonder if that applies to HRC...
And this is why @RandPaul keeps getting elected. 

If we had 99 more senators like him, this would be a damned amazing world.
I think people have largely forgotten about the liberties government has take from us. Good on Rand Paul to keep us aware!
