Before "plastics & nylon" hemp made the strongest rope, & was used to make clothes, paper, & many other products. US's best export product.
In this day of age ppl r indecisive on everything abt politics n what's good for them? If u r not going to lead quit being in politics Sir?!
Thank @RandPaul for trying to normalize hemp! Why not step towards legalizing medical marijuana in #KY .. don't we have the farmlands for it
Sure would be nice! Were growing hemp here, may as well add to it. There was a bill this year, but idk if it was even voted on.
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/897773232593317888 …
What do you think @randpaul I made a meme of you from this article lol
That's great.  I know the feeling.  Let farmers grow Hemp!  It's Big Agriculture i.e. Cotton, Big Tobacco & Big Pharma Lobbies in USA Way.
Are you ever gonna speak out against Nazi's?
No he needs too do what he is doing I give him a lot of credit for keeping on agenda and not trying to get attention by trashing President
Do you even realize you are big government GOP is a Failure & you follow a RACIST SUPPORTING TRUMP!
Senator?  How do you survive in that den of snakes? There are about 10 of you in the entire building that I trust.  Thank- you.
THANKS TO YOUR SILENCE, THEY WILL BACK OFF TRUMP!! WE NEED FREEDOM TO EXPRESS FREEDOM OF SPEECH TO KILL JEWS AMD BLACKS! GOD BLESS NAZI USA!


It's gone so well in Colorado that other States want to do the same. You obviously never did any research on "Pot," and its effects.
Oh you're so an example of someone full of crap. Federal law makes it illegal. How much you pay for joint? 10 dollars? #partof the problem

Republicans Fail when they feel Appeasing Democrats is More Important Than Doing What's Right for Their Constituents  DO WHATS RIGHT #MAGA 

How bout you need to impeach your president
Get rid of this idiot in the WH!!
Dont think Rand Paul has that ability...
I'm thinking BIG CORP BIG PHARMA Needs to Back Off of Hemp.. Cash crop farming! Only regs to protect public. Remember, it's a weed.
You cannot even lift a finger to send out a tweet condemning Trump's racists remarks? Is that too much of a burden? Seriously?
Let's hear your spin on Trump now. It's disheartening that congress is not standing up for the American people. Where is your moral courage?
Amen
Keep up your touch with real people in your state. You seem to be a man who really cares about regular Americans.
You're talking about hemp when your President is lifting up Nazis and White Supremacists? #Priorities
I think the 'Big Republican' just loudly defended Nazis and White Supremacists of all stripes. How about you act like a leader?
Could create a lot of jobs! Hemp makes a lot of stuff. Government took care that in the 30's. Bring back hemp!
You spelled marijuana wrong
So agree it has so much to offer just like bio algae both can solve so many  needs and develop jobs
Ford built a car back in 30's the body was made from hemp the is limitless oil us true renewable fuel bio algae can clean water and air
I know this has nothing to do with hemp but better education is push http://militarycollegebound.com  better education with building job skill resume
Great, how about DOING YOUR JOB & have a REAL town hall! Let's talk about real issues like healthcare, infrastructure & Das Fuhrers racism
Why can't you and your home boy Mitch get hemp off schedule? May help him get re elected
Yes you are right. Gov workers should stop smoking so much pot. It's clouding your minds
Please have Sessions, counter sue CA for racially discriminating against Black men:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vNdMxt9P0bY … #Blacktwitter
#StandWithRand
2/2 For that we need a real politician with conviction and character not some politician who are used like puppets  serving social predators
Stop worrying about hemp &worry about our country with that maniac   lil hands in the white house
#countrybeforeparty
The gap between the rich and the poor is too big, there is no competition, that's why a big government is necessary to protect Americans 1/2
Rand demographically it's impossible to America to function without a big government other wise it's a total jungle, legalized Anarchy.
They need to let people live free. Freedom of choice. That means that persons choice not yours. Live your life and let others live theirs 
I like unicorns  Rand will do ONLY what his Koch Overlords tell him to do
Hemp (Cannabis Sativa L.) was an important crop from Colonial times through World War II.
#AmericanJobs
Way to stay on top of the news Senator.
I agree!
And Marijuana .... Please 
That would be great! Tell Trump! Great for manufacturing!
Yes, that's true. But I think there may be more pressing matters, Senator. Where are you?
are you kidding? You guys need to smoke more...
I think the whole country needs to chill a little.
Amen, hemp can be converted into a biofuel, feed for animals, hemp homes and awesome rotation crop for farmers #DontDemonizeCannabis
Really? This is what you're concerned with?
@realDonaldTrump is at this moment defending #NazisIntheUSA ?
Like with you think communists like Bernie Sanders are the biggest threat to our way of life
Very smart man and Dr. 
Banning hemp makes absolutely no sense whatsoever.  Thank you for leading the fight to legalize this crop that once ran the US economy.
No sharia law in USA. Only body that makes laws are in Washington DC.   Get to work.  It's our laws or home you go
What does that have to do with this tweet?
You are good man 
Fine.  Big Government needs to back out of women's uteruses too.  Agree?
Don't worry, nobody wants to be in your uterus.
Try saying that to my kids who were perfectly happy being there.  They'd laugh you off the internet.
How do you know? They spent 9 months trying to escape. 
Colorado has gone downhill since the legalization of recreational pot. See their DA report on crime increase.
I agree . I saw that report too. It was an eye opener. Did you see Newsmax's medical report abt Marijuana and cancer? Not good.
And healthcare... and wars..and drugs..and anything else they can get their grubby little hands on.
100% agree Senator.  How ya doing?  Miss you in Chicago
