Do you realize that we Americans voted for Trump's vision,unique negotiating skills, and leadership. You and others are hurting us! STOP
Trump was right about Saudi Arabia when he was campaigning, regarding their support for terrorism and ties to 9/11. You forgot this?
Just because Trump is going back on what he said, doesn't mean Saudi has changed. They still behead people, Christianity is forbidden, etc.
The honorable thing  is hold those we voted for accountable. It's best for them. If you were making a mistake, surely youd want to know?
Supporting violent extremists was wrong before, and it's wrong now. @RandPaul is doing the honorable thing, by not shutting up & acceptng it
I see why you did so bad during the primaries. You flip flop. TRUMP did good on NATO you say but didn't you oppose the sale of arms to S.A.
Lol you sure didn't block any arms sale
No one cares about your "Speculations" when the facts are right in front of us!
Discuss with President would have been appropriate first!! We elected  one  commander-in-chief and that was not you so this seems drastic!
Good!
So you want other countries to sell weapons to Saudi Arabia?
They already are number one buyer of weapons in the world. Thinking that they are good.
if I ever sell my car and the buyer kills someone with it I'm responsible right?
What a moral mentality!
Would you sell it if the buyer's son will attack you with it?
Who you think the victims will seek revenge from?
Like all beta cucks you only know how to pass responsibility to others.
Are you okay with drug dealers?
Are you the only one in Washington not hell bent on kissing the Saudi's feet?
Thank you Senator.
We need to learn from our mistakes & not repeat them again. Saudis have a record in supporting terrorist & spreading hate
Don't you think the Saudis will buy arms from someone else? Why not give us the jobs?
DAMN RIGHT. We don't give arms to terrorists...great job, Senator Paul..
Way to make an enemy of @POTUS ! Plz reconsider!
We really appreciated Trumps honesty regarding Saudi regime, extremism during the campaign. Isn't he making more enemies by now arming them?
Please do. Trump is arming terrorists
This type of stupidity will work against you the next time you run.  You lost 10 votes in my family alone.
Rethink this Senator.  Really , really ,Rethink this . Thank you
Rand, stick with what you know... Healthcare!
If I were you, I would sit this one out
One need look at US involvement in Iraq-Iran war in 80's and subsequent occupation of Iraq to see y this is best not meddle in the region
Do not forget to do the same against arm sales to Israel and remove one of several important incentives for Atab aggression against the US.
@YouTube how come you did not blocked Obamas deal with Iran?
He went around congress
Do you think that it has committed war crimes in #Yemen ??
  #saturdaymorning
 #EastCoastIn5Words
 #IfICouldFinally
 #MonacoGP
#Trump
Thank You Rand @RandPaul
Thank you!!

Yemen is sad, but Saudi is an ally - fighting for a recognized govt? Very different than Syrian intervention, with degrees of separation?
Trump Dancing With The Devil (+18!) https://youtu.be/WZKpMVCrWsA  via @YouTube
Foreign policy has never been your strong point... sorry
You're acting more Presidential. President Trump is starting to fall apart. Trump wants to give  weapons to the 9-11 financier. Rat smells
woah Rand I stopped by your feed, you're pissing off the right for this stuff and the left for healthcare smh
Please @RandPaul we need you to speak loudly about NSA 4th amendment violations. NO ONE is covering this. Please speak loudly

Soros/Obama marijuana is not good for society! https://twitter.com/dailymailuk/status/867681431044206592 …
don't undermine oresident
R they going to let us common people know who the companies are so we can buy stock in them as Congressmen do? Yea right!
We love & support President Trump but this arms deal terrible! We should not trust Islam in any respect esp with arms secrets BAD NEWS!
Grandstander. Did u see the Global Center for Combatting Extremist Ideology? Wake up & follow @POTUS. He's not living in past, YOU ARE.
"Will anyone notice that I am conveniently about a week late? We just sold big league arms to Saudi Arabia! We keep promoting terrorism."
What are you going to do about the NSA spying?? Who is going to jail !!
Your crazy
Is it true VA Service members benefits are being cut under President Trump's budget?
Circa Report today proved Obama illegally spied on Americans for yrs., seriously violating the 4th Amendment. You must investigate for us!!!
You give 'em hell Rand
Circa Report today proves Obama illegally spied on Americans for yrs., seriously violating the 4th Amendment. Get going Senator!!
You're just as crazy as everyone in DC!!
No!
Maybe you should sit down &shut your yap ! Some people's kids; turn out to be obstructionist !
Go Rand
Our great @POTUS is on his own, zero support from republicans in congress, only support he gets is the hard working over taxes Americans
you support a corrupt administration, that makes YOU corrupt
Keep talking Dude. Maybe it will catch on. Thanks
Thank you Rand.
Relax trump supporters. Rand Paul will be on the golf course again with "fake potus" and reverse his position!!
Didn't stop your fearless leader.
Got your finger to the wind again.
Rand Paul, America's New Job Killer... How about focusing on Term Limits for The House and Senate...
Why
I #StandWithRand because @RandPaul stands against #globalist arms sales to the Saudis.
Haha, but you never said a word when Obama gave BILLIONS away on a plane and LIED about it. Didn't hear a peep from you then. HYPOCRITE
Why would you not discuss your issues privately with the President,  instead of trying to grandstand.  Democrats greatest strength - Unity
Would you rather the Saudis buy their weapons from Russia?
What have you done while in the Senate? ?
uh boy.
ANOTHER HIPOCRAT

You should demand a Special Counsel investigation into domestic surveillance abuses, and block re-auth of 702 Until completion.
I hope you can do it!
God bless you Sir  Keep  safety around Sir 
Please run for president again in 2020
If they don't get them from us they will get them from Russia might as well give Americans the work
@RandPaul you should be supporting our President
GET THAT ARMS BLOCKED ASP NOW. THOSE WEAPONS AND NUKES GOES TO SUPPLY ISIS AMERICA NEEDS TO BE HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR WAR CRIMES AND SUPPLY
SUPPLYING MONEY AND WEAPONS TO ISIS AND US HAS TO GET OUT OF SYRIA.
Keep that torch lit Rand! No more arming dictatorships, oligarchies and theocracies!
Not strategic Senator. Let's allow Saudi to fight them so we don't have to as much. Plus it employs more Americans & related businesses
Why will Saudis fight their Salafist ideological twin - the ISIS? These weapons will be available to reverse engineer for China via Pakistan
#StandWithRand
Wikileaks reveal Saudi arms went to ISIS.
Also arms could go to North Korea Be used one day against Israel Muslims stick with each other against Israel & America! This was a BAD DEAL
Where were you during the dirty Iran Deal????? HYPOCRITES
Where's the vote asshole?
100% true.
Of course you did.
You have support from Germany .
You and @RepBarbaraLee are like the only two Democrats left!
But @realDonaldTrump says it's the biggest deal ever, ever!
Nice!
I have no idea why Trump is trying to do this.
Building alliances - the strongest kind.
Too late!
Wewill seethe repetition ofwhat happened inthepastwiththeSoviet UnionwithAmerica and is suretothink and getout Israeli bloodthirsty planners
I love you
