Absurd article by @latimes glorying guy trying to shake down United for $25k charitable contribution. United bad; this guy worse!
If 'United is bad and this guy is worse,' people like you that expect others to bend over for crooks are the *worst.*
What a bizarre response.
so wrong airlines should not over book flights
I hope UA loses credibility with investors. NO ONE should be treated this way.
We are becoming military junta ruled by Illuminati Money. Poisoning earth,air, and water. Bankers now investing in water over oil.
once again, someone with bad behavior is made the victim by a hot headed individual reacting like an idiot.
ARE YOU INSANE!!!????? its NOT THEIR PLANE, it BELONGS TO THE AIRLINE!!!?? you know what,. whats your address doofus? Im coming over
what, no reply? I need your ADDRESS I SAID!! i decide that your house is now MY house so I can go and stay there whenever i want!!!!!
got another question for you: WHO REMOVED THE DOCTOR from the plane? DUH!
(psst, heres a hint: it WAS NOT UNITED)
stop playing to the press, it shows weakness
Was it #Soros?
Get the facts before judging.
Senator, the Constitution specifically authorizes Fed. govt. to regulate interstate commerce.  Write a bill to outlaw overbooking as fraud.
More regulations...
There is a place for regulating fraud, though... I'm on the fence on this one, but the idea is certainly worth looking at.
Airlines need to be regulated on what's acceptable and what's not. Awful behavior
United fouled up; they should've paid another airline to carry the 'higher-priority' traveler
"Customer is always right" is over, sad
#CCOT
He got what he deserves
Sounds like fraud. Sold the same seat to 2 people and then used threat of force to bully 1 into downgrade w no comp or refund.
Seems worse than that. They had to send employees to work. They should have increased the payment for getting off until some accepted.
I'd love to know how their stock is being effected. You know the CFO's are baffled
Read the contract you sign when you buy your ticket. There are other ways to travel if you don't like the terms.
It's in the small print though....especially with the cheap deals. #freemarkets work. Really y'all.....FOCUS on ACA and tax reform please.
Moral: DON'T Fly United
I don't condone what was done. However, 4 were chosen by United to get off. 3 did. So #4 says NO!  So would it be fair to then pick another!
3 got off. The 4th like a two year old who lost his candy. Did not need to act that way.
the problem is "when you give minimum wage tsa agents a position of power (for first time in their life) they abuse it!"
Really ridiculous in a "free nation " when is Washington going to admit their true agenda and quit lying to the people?
Utter discrimination n racial profiling. CEO n the crews r arrogant n abusive. Fire CEO n boycott UA.This not the 1st one
What if someone died because they "bounced" the doc? He said he had to c patients. Has anyone asked this question yet?
O no, a rich man is treated like a poor commoner, how ever will the world go on.....
So what will you do about it?
Ya think?? It was nuts
This is a disgrace he was a doctor and what difference does that make. A 69 year old man SUE
anyone else feel this Senator  is a #bandwagon jumper? You flip flop like a fish out of water man. Before you jump on get facts
#StandWithRand
Don't you have work to do?
there is something higher than a doctor????? must have been a lawyer....
Who is this higher priorty traveler?
I guess "some are more equal than others".. George Orwell
why should we give the Airlines more control in Air Traffic Control if they can't get their seats right? Say no to #ATCReform
Fly Delta. They're much more accommodating
If it's essential to have seats available for UA personnel then allocate 5 seats on all flights, eat the loss & don't kick paying passengers
United is terrible they screwed up in Newark with my flight once and left us stranded there overnight and there CS was rude and ignorant
Ridiculous the way these airlines are allowed to treat people
What constitutes 'higher-priority'? Medical is all that comes to mind.
Its time to get the law passed, Senator. It shouldn't take but 1 day to pass law when something is paid for, it is taken. One fare, one seat
Any business can have a problem like this if they politely ask him to leave and he refuses....force is the Alternative isn't it?
And the process of forcibly removing him from the aircraft was really uncalled for
The fact that it would even need to be a law you can't sell something you already sold.
What ever happened to First come first serve.
We need legislation with penalties.
Same Airline will operate two seperate flights (each half empty) out of Chicago. They dont seem to have a way of consolidating traffic.
We need some legislation regarding this treatment.
United Airlines lines should be boycotted.
We don't fly United, but if this is true, I guarantee we won't in the future either.
How much higher of a priority were they?  If only there were some sort of way finding out.....$$$$
Seems Passengers are speaking with their $. Stocks off $1bil! 
"unnecessary" understates. it's a failure of federal policymaking. dispensing violence to make money is not business, it's organized crime.
People are finally fed up with corporations, companies, politicians, the service industry, ect who treat citizens like worthless cattle.
another passenger? really? 
It looks someone has to be questioned for this practice?
Legislators represent we the people not corporate America;  letting them trample basic laws via fine print; clarify reasonable process.
how about passing a law stating no one who is already in an airplane can be removed for any reason other than life threatening conditions
Or if they become unruly without provocation.
You must OBEY
Airline screwed up and sold a seat that wasn't there. Two people one seat both paid. It goes back to tell 2st guy or higher priority.
Remember these little doozies the @TSA wanted travelers to wear?
Curious as to how you suggest getting an unruly passenger off a plane?
It's unnecessary, but if @United wants to make stupid decisions covered by contract they've every right to @RandPaul
But is it something the govt should be getting involved in?
Next time I am under threat of bump, they will pay me the federally mandated maximum - around $1,300 I believe.
Atrocious!
I have to fly United often for business, & it is the WORST. Rude staff, always delayed, no refunds, no amenities...
Hopefully United has a big deep pockets there going to need it
It's time for a U.S. Passenger Bill of Rights similar to that already in operation in Europe, but that improves upon it
We do NOT need more govt involvement. We need to let the market demand treatment!!
Police should not be getting involved because the Airline overbooked. First come first serve. Offer better incentives or stop overbooking.
Over the top and completely ridiculous!
My first guess was the flight attendant invoked the "unruly passenger" SOP which then makes the passenger an immediate threat to safety.
Get off the band wagon Senator @RandPaul. Do you resist when police arrive? Duh!  Should UA change their method to get an open seat? Yes.
Literally the person you want on this bandwagon.  LAWMAKER!!
And by “higher-priority” they probably mean someone who paid more for their ticket.
Not even. Read & see he was already boarded, full-fare, 1st class and FF. Late arriver just had more flights & status w/ @united 
@Flatback4
Mr Paul. Please stick to your day job. You sound like a whiney liberal now.
Where is the healthcare bill?
What goof balls are these bozos on? They are CLEARLY screwed up. Modern fascist methodology.
If they won't learn how to treat customers with respect, #BoycottUnitedAirlines until they go bankrupt
Didn't you hear? Passengers have no rights.
Sounds like the same @united experience I had that resulted in me NEVER considering them again.
Except he got an explanation as to why they expected him to give up his seat. Me, nope. Not even after complaining all the way to the top.
Investigations for airline policies need to happen asap
The real problem is having police act as bouncers for united. No police involvement, no violence, and airlines  wouldn't be able to do this
These were specific airport police I believe. So it's their job to remove passengers when told they are unruly by staff.
If the passenger was being unruly I would agree with you. This was a contract dispute not a disruptive passenger.
But the police don't know that. Their job is to remove unruly passengers when they are notified. The Man started freaking out....
So the cops are not smart enough to assess the situation and find out what's going on before they  resort to violence?
The dude started screeching like a crazy person
Ya because he was being attacked, the police should have never even got on the plane.
He started screeching before they touched him.
Now people can see the positive of a free market when their sales plummet.
Then rev up the anti trust investigations Senator and bust up the monopoly
There are no passenger rights back in steerage!
Sometimes We the People just don't want to be "re-accommodated". So there's that....
time for the market to crush United. #capitalism
EXACTLY!!  Maybe it's bc we're parents of twins?  Hahaha.
run as libertarian 2020
