Yes! Thank you, sir! Much respect for sticking to your principles and never backing down. The apple doesn't fall too far, eh Dr. Paul?
You know he’s not a real doctor right?
Surely you jest... both Rand and Ron are M.D.s. Truly, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Rand couldn’t pass his boards so he made up his own. Look it up.
He's owned his own ophthalmology practice and performed eye surgery for 18 years. The fact is, he's a doctor.

I like Senator’s Paul idea on health care.
Are you serious? Still want to work with unstable @realDonaldTrump who want to INCREASE nukes? Who DOESN'T KNOW WHAT 25TH AMENDMENT MEANS?
Rand, YOU became BFF of reckless & dangerous Trump? Would you agree to INCREASE BUDGET FOR NUKES? How can you trust PATHOLOGICAL LIAR?
Just an hour ago monster Trump THREATENED NO MORE HELP TO PUERTO RICO! How can you even think to cooperate with HEARTLESS EVIL?
Even if it true Puerto Rico government didn't managed the country as they should for God sake AMERICANS LIVES ARE IN DANGER! OPEN YOUR EYES!
You really want to take credit for this?
I just want freedom to choose NOT to have healthcare. Please fight for the choice.
I can't afford your choice. You're like the uninsured car owner. You won't pay so everyone has to cover you.
Match made in hell.
You sir have betrayed America and the legislative process. You are a poor choice for leadership. I thought Executive orders not democratic.
Excellent approach @RandPaul
Love it...
Thank you, Senator. Please back him on Tax Cuts. 
.Rand is our best chance at a free market, private, competitive health care system. Too bad he has to work with Donald but good luck Rand!
Realy? ACA was debated for 18 months. The GOP has had 7 + years and come up with nothing. Yea it's complicated so fix it
So excited about this.  This is huge!
@jonathanvswan @axios Is that u whispering in his ear? I wouldn’t team up w/ a man who lacks morals will only come back to bit u
Finally someone working with Potus for USA!
This is a fresh hell for those trying to stay alive ...  @maddow
To rob Americans of HC!
You had years to write legislation to repeal and replace, sell it to public & colleagues. U did nothing. Exec orders cheap shot. U R a #fake
What happened to focus on taxes? Clearly a partisan healthcare movement won't work.
It's not repeal and replace. They are just putting a few things into law like group buy ins.
Yes Yhank you for standing by @POTUS
You will soon enough find out the cost of an insane President. Just watch
Rand Paul making great deals and healthcare reform while expanding  prosperity . This is the True culture 2017 October
RT @realDonaldTrump  @RandPaul's association plans still DISCRIMINATE AGAINST PEOPLE with PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS by CHARGING THEM MORE #USA
About time !!!
Thank you Rand and President Trump!
Thank you for what you do for all Americans @RandPaul
I am seriously desperate for a free market based alternative! Premiums are killing me!
Cool
Top 5 healthcare companies profits have tripled since Ocare...the least they can do is help cover the uninsured
C'mon Rand, when will you finally get this RIGHT?????!!!!!
Get 're done! We're with you #LeadRight
I like it, I LOVE IT!! USA USA
Please work together
Rand your such a phony. Resign from office you are Not working for the American Tax payer. U work for the Demo-rats and Yourself, Period
Give people CO-OP hospitals especially at the States where insurance Co have abandoned them. Cut out the " middleman " that is insurance Co
Senator, Do Not be dogmatic !!

Free market , should not apply to healthcare ! In business free market implys you can go out of business !!
@realDonaldTrump working with @RandPaul 
It's about time.
Yes I am really glad that you are able to come up with a great plan
Good!
Trump will turn on you just like everyone else he says he’s going to work with.
Noice
Now team up on a Flat Tax 17%
Awesome team up
Welcome back Paul
#StandWithRand.  Bravo
Now you’re cool in’ with gas
Finally!
I support Rand Paul working with President on health care. Looks like a great team.
Rand gets it!!
Now that's a team. "The Two Morons"
Healthinsurance and healthcare are two different things!
The horror!
Finally !!

Thank you, Rand
Praise God! Dream team
Finally, going to someone that knows about healthcare. Don’t water down Ocare. You know what needs to be done.
@realDonaldTrump Why am I not hearing any more about your Pen and Phone getting Assosiations and cross state line insurance choice???
wow...butchered 'associations" my bad.

Thank you @RandPaul and President Trump @POTUS #HealthCare4All #Medicare4All #SinglePayer #GetProfitOUtHlthCare
#SinglePayorMr.President @realDonaldTrump
Great news
Please get #Profit out of our healthcare system. Senator Paul it is the one place it does not belong. #Medicare4All #SinglePayer
Health Ca(R)ELESSCUMBAGS WHACKOS (R)onut &Random both D(R)'s who took the Hypocrite...Oh So'(R)(R)Y...That's Hippocratic Oath 2 consider >2.
2. To uphold Medical Ethics of paramount significance, Non-Malefience, &will abstain from all intentional wrong doing & not harm th'patient.
Repeal Obamacare
Hopefull rand paul with his exp has something for all.
Razor ramon wuz up
a tremendous plan even
Finally don’t mess it up.
Great team!!! Can’t say I’m surprised
Inaction makes strange bedfellows
Bout time
Rand Paul is a dr. Dr's and nurses know more about getting this healthcare mess straightened out then dumb politicians.
I want to be on this team we need a real regular person. I have pre exiting so now insurance 400 too700 I'm 62 in between
I pray congress can FINALLY pass a GOOD healthcare bill. A simple trip to the doctors office is so expensive! Insurance doesn't cover much.
keep up the principled work!
Yawn. Word is you will vote no. Again.
@cadelgado7 if @realDonaldTrump is serious then this would be his greatest accomplishment. #StamdWithRand
He talked today about taking action...we will wait and see
I don’t like trump but I am hoping he will do the right thing but considering his track record I’m not holding my breath
Nice! @RandPaul is one of the *very* few Senators that aligns with @realDonaldTrump campaigned agenda.
Love this!! You 2 are so badass together. MAGA! True Patriots for American people. Establishment Repubs actually have disdain for the people
Is this really going anywhere?
'Bout time!
Wait. A has been is teaming up with an I'm not sure president?  Trump has no experience and rand couldn't get it up. I get it dumb & dumber
Hope it's a good deal.
The admiral and I agree that Thousands of enemies stand against citizens crossing state lines & forming bureaus to purchase cheap insurance.
I'm so glad the dynamic duo have finally come together l!
Will gov't get it's mitts out of the healthcare cookie jar making it a truly free market?
Fantastic senator Paul, finally...
Nothing. Means nothing. U buck very bill and stand in the way. U and your awful hair
Thanks for reaching out to work with Trump, Rand. Great opportunity for GOP to accomplish many things for American people. Appreciate effort
Awesome!! I've been waiting on that
Senator Paul is one of the few Republican Senators who care about the people.
I not sure about RAND PAUL I THINK HE MIGHT JUST GET IN THE WAY
Did you know he is an eye doctor and still volunteers his time? He is the only senator i trust on healthcare reform.
I know I think he needs help the working man standing in the way is not doing that
Not following but i do agree he needs help. We need to elect as many constitutionalist as possible to serve and represent we the people.
I hope they get together a help the people
Me, too! That is why I volunteered to help President Trump get elected and on Twitter to support Constitutional government 
Yes this country has been through a lot the last 8 years I just want it to get better

Yes
I wonder what a Libertarian would legislate for health care? Probably tell you to pull yourself up by the bootstraps and quote some Thoreau.
Rand Paul is a lying hack... he has no intention of repealing healthcare. Knock off The charade 

(1) I think I've found the way that Trump can use a presidential executive order (EO) to get rid of ObamaCare.…
Get it done.
Thank you for your hard work and persistence Senator Rand Paul please continue doing the hard work for us we the people #Freemarket Solution
good ==asap --premiums out of control--too much money spend on non medical care--the SWAMP GROWING IN MEDICINE--
Way to go! MAGA!
Total answer to prayer 
Great news! Stay close to Trump and get him to remove Obama Fanny/Freddy grab, too!  
Must be one page with a big fat "0" on it. Do no harm means nothing to either of them
How will that work? Trump - better quality lower cost. Rand - higher cost lower quality
These are the final two to step up to the reality?
Mr President and Senator, this is the best news since u took over, three has been a change for the better, no doubt, but this is good news.
But it will only be for rich people, cuz who cares about the middle class and the poor, right?
Yes. Thank you 
Finally, Trump is listening to Rand Paul.
thank you for getting something done, us nurses love you Dr. Paul!
Tk u Senator I appreciate what your doing Please get this done 
Please @RandPaul teach Trump some of your Dads foreign policy ideas. That's how America becomes great again.
So nobody will have healthcare when your done, think how much money you will save, oh boy
about time!
Clean and complete repeal. Then work on a new plan.
What is your plan?
This type of rule by executive order seems to go against what you claim to stand for. You should have supported a legislative fix.
Laxatives what?
perfect team!!!!!
CVS/Caremark contracted w/ MVP Healthcare to offer lower priced drugs to FedEmplyees/Medicaid/Corps+100 patients! SmBus/Medicare NOT offered
@POTUS My plan offers discounted plans/drugs to FedEmployees-Medicaid & Corps w/100+ employees yet Small bus's & Medicare premiums R HIGHER!
Thank you Senator Rand Paul for working towards a solution for families who desperately need affordable premiums @realDonaldTrump
#Medicare4All #SinglePayer 
It's already in place working for millions of Americans,cuts fraud,removes #profit/greed
from Amer's healthcare.

I hope this comes out good for Americans.
Could Rand Paul emerge as a top pick for the HHS top job? I could support that!
Hahaha.  You mean DeathCare.
Yes!!!!!
Big Business and Wall Street Collusion Oh My!! We're all gonna Die!!!!
We are doomed
So have I believe me.
This will certainly be the shit show we're all waiting for.
What’s Rand Paul’s stand on DACA?
That means poor people will die.
Is this sen. BS in disguise?
It'll be a great plan IF and only if it reduces health insurance rates for mid class and forces acceptance of preexisting  illnesses.
Listen to the doctor! Pull all the doctors in to get the best deal for healthcare, Make America Great Again!
This is what was needed, you Rand, to get involved!!
Good!
If only AZ Senators @JeffFlake and @SenJonMcCain would listen to us!
The dream team, i knew Rand and Trump would slip their healthcare reform through spitting in the face of rinos and dems. Fuck Gop, fuck dnc
Using a medical doctor to advise on health care is a good idea.
Two pieces of shit only make one thing and that's a bigger piece of shit
Get ‘er done!
Can't think of a better partner for @POTUS on this one
THANK YOU Senator Paul! Ty for listening! Ty for helping!
Universal healthcare for every citizen is the way to go. It works well in so many countries. It will make us great!
Yes, we know that health associations thing is all you! :)
That's really good!  I look forward to the results because i know that ypu know healthcare. 

Finally!  They listened to my man, Rand.
Just once I wanna see you join the team instead of taking selfies
Thank you Senator for sticking to your principles.
Great! That's good news for @AP4Liberty , showing that a Liberty Republican can work with the President!
About time
My insurance has turned into a nightmare w/ ACA!  Double the cost, one provider choice & college son not covered because out of network!
I am both excited about the possibilities in this combo and scared stiff.
Another gruesome twosome!
Teamwork.  Put the American people FIRST!  We need our elected officials to be able to compromise and do what is best for our country!
Saying within the Republican Party they've not been able to agree upon a health care bill and get it passed because no one will compromise.
Some rats don't want to compromise.
God Bless we support your efforts
Get it done....SRPaul you'll find winning is refreshing! #MAGA
About time Congress and Senate do their job been on vacation for the pass 8 yrs. Term limits for all old darts now !!
Thank god , now this will get fixed I hope 
My "Wish the guy was President" and contrary to liberal belief the guy who is my President.
It's about time!!!
Thank you for doing this. #WeThePeople tend to agree with both of you & @POTUS wrt our country & regulations.  #MAGA Glad you are teaming up
Show us ur donors and we'll shoe America your path
He's lying as always. He's a choke hold on trump and Americans
BULLSHAT Rand, you take bribes and donors $ to screw us . Your credibility is over . U say this but do that. Move over Americas coming threw
Great news.
FINALLY
Are you really a "Trump Whisperer"?
Sweet! In a boat over the swamp.  Good luck.
Thank You 
Yes!
BTW, Day 10 of letting health insurance for kids lapse. 12% of kids rely on CHIP.
YOU MEAN HE'S NOT TRYING TO FORCE TRUMPCARE THROUGH AND IS TRYING TO SEEK OTHER OPINIONS? WHAAAAAAAA?!
Everybody with a human body needs comprehensive health care coverage and the minimum essential benefits.
Americans need the consumer protections provided in the ACA.
So, these are junk policies for the healthy?  You're going to help DJT destroy the individual market?

