Good for you Senator. Now how about you act like a #Patriot and protect our ISP data privacy, + apologize for Susan Rice and  #Montenegro
So you want him to criminalize the formation of private, voluntary contracts for value exchange between two parties?
Corporations exist bc states grant their charters. If they use monopoly power 2 take advantage of the publuc, we're not obligated 2 allow it
I think you missed the part where this would punish the mere *formation of contracts that leverage user data*, not just penalize bad actors.
Say an ISP is willing to give a low income person free access for allowing them to share their demographic data  that would be prohibited
People shouldnt be that hard up for cash. It's unjust.
I sympathize, but that's not a realistic response. Banning people from personal activities they willfully choose engage in is tyranny.
Choice for money isn't choice, isn't liberty. Poverty is the opposite of liberty.
Where was the bipartisan effort to protect our ISP data? (cc: @RonWyden )
We choose to use Google and Facebook, if we don't like what they are doing we can stop. most of us only have one broadband provider
If they're U.S. citizens, cool.  Protect away.  If they're not citizens, they are fair game.
So you're saying natural rights aren't inalienable and endowed to us at birth? I think you may need to read the Framers' writings a bit more
AMERICAN people ARE BEING KILLED WORSE THAN ASSAD ever DID BY DOPE FROM MEXICO.BOMB THEM OR AMERICA WILL NEVER B ..PLEASE.HELP AMERICA.
No Trump border agent could ever access my phone's info without my help.
Me either. I refuse to accept a police state. 
I mean. literally. I'm locked I'd have to hit an NSA node for them to get in that shit. No joke.

Trump's clowns aren't able to track my transactions or web traffic either...Bitcoin and proxy bridges to Tor. They're morons.
I applaud that. It's long overdue to end the warrantless intrusions of privacy.
Disagree with you on Syria, but I can agree here
What is a border phone?
It's obscene that we have 2 write a law saying you have to follow the law. js
Bomb Dope pushers that r KILLING AMERICAN MADE FAMILIES DREAMS MORALE INTEGRITY OF MY FELLOW AMERICANS.DROP MOAB ON MEXICAN DOPE DEALERS.
If Tha gas against ppl is Bad wat about the millions of Americans being gassed by DRUGS FROM MEXICO..POTUS..BOMB THEM.CANT FIND WORKERS.TU
What happened to repeal of ACA?
American Citizens demand .PROTECTION from these TERRORIST..I Am An American Citizen being drowned in tolerance.  STOP THIS MADNESS
Americans phones or illegal aliens?  If they are Americans they are protected by constitution already.
How about trying to get rid of Obamacare.
@Trump_Supporter If these ppl don't go to jail for Tracking Trumpbetter make it mandatory to jailthey goif done againLiberal
#BenjaminFranklin Anyone that temporarily suspends liberty for security deserves neither.
Yet DT quietly signs bills overturning internet privacy! Web inventor slams DT plan 2 weaken encryption-they represent HUGE security breach.
Rand Paul is still my choice for President!!!!
@RandPaul The GOP's crisis of patriotism must be like the flu because now you have it. Take a sick day, or month.
You're probably right stating it will get no where.  Would be nice to shake the government out of our every move.
Why r u on cable news talking about Susan Rice? Another distraction while you have done 0 to call for independent committee on Trump-Russia
You are a great person God bless you always
Go get 'em Senator!
From the supposed party of less government @RandPaul wants searches without warrants. That makes sense. I see where this is less government.
What about lap tops?
Stand fast, Rand.
Finally something sensible!
"Land of the free." This would be laughable if it wasn't so scary .
Great work. Now focus on the President's connections with Russia before and after the election.
Dear Senator Paul, please pursue this Unmasking & Leaking of Americans with a vengeance! If this is ignored, we are A Police State!

Really?
Wasn't even aware they could do this now!
illegal's Phones ?
what about our isp data?
IF ITS BI-PARTISON, THEN THE DEM / COMMUNIST PARTS SEES A WAY TO MANIPULATE PEOPLE OR LIMIT THEIR LIBERTY
Someone or some group should investigate, but the FBI, DOJ, & other federal agencies are compromised
Too bad you didn't fight for my internet privacy rights this hard.
If their not U. S. Citizens, the #BillofRights  doesn't apply so search away! #4A
@bdomenech Senator Paul, thanks for your efforts. When will the laws get short enough all citizens can know what to follow?
Ty
Thank God. Are you going to look into  the fact that as a US Senator and candidate, you were tapped and unmasked by Barry and Susan too?
Had respect for you until today. Get your head clear and urge your fellow senators to do their job. We all know he is incompetent. #25
Meanwhile...there's this whole #Trump #unmasking thing...

#TrumpRussiaCoverUp 
#PutinbsBottom
#CuckInChief
#Indivisible
#Resist
From a 65 year old Democrat. Thanks for remembering, We the People.
@RandPaul @amyklobuchar @alfranken Mn representatives, support Rand and the bill of Rights!!
How libertarian of you. #hypocrit #allinforTrump
What's wrong with a security check?
What Flynn did WAS just as wrong as ur alleged spying on Flynn. Thank GOD his name WAS released. HE'S A BAD MAN. GOP is a party of cowards.
Thanks for selling us out to the TelCos again!  I imagine you were a cheap date too.
Good- but what about companies selling browsing history without a warrant? You just sponsored a bill to erase consumer protections.
You were treated poorly on MSNBC. Host laughed and snickered at a sitting US Senator. Do not let that go unanswered in the future.
.@RandPaul @verge To my knowledge, these cell phone searches would only happen 2 foreigners who rarely or never come to US 4 #Extremevetting
Finally, looks like you guys are doing something useful!
Hard to believe wider government and Murkey from Oregon will do anything to benefit America
Thank you, Senator.
@justinamash, are you going to cosponsor?
Hey @RandPaul, I found these in @realDonaldTrump's golf bag, think you lost these last Sunday. #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #DaddysGirlRand
How come you don't rebuild Rte. 586 in North. KY . Infrastructure. KY needs new roads and new bridge to Cincy on I75
Rand Paul is a US Senator. Those are Kentucky State roads aren't they? Why doesn't KY rebuild them?
I would like to think my rights as an American citizen would span the globe when dealing with my own government.
Great idea I hope it passes
MRI's for everyone then?
Wow, from respectable to a complete baboon in a matter of a day! 
Well done sir, well done.
You sell us out on ISP's and now are back to doing the right thing? 

Happy about this but still VERY upset about  ISP BS.
U must be part of the COVER UP, why else would U feel the need to LIE? Infected with the DT CURSE, same thing happened 2 Tiger Woods. LOSER!
I hate these politicians who put forth these bills that don't protect U.S citizens, but only those politicians that r doing dirty laundry
Didn't the constitution do that already?
PARTY FIRST. Even Rand Paul has been bought by Trump
Dan,get a grip
Rand Paul. Your ignorance is bountiful and very dangerous. Your mouth is big and you need to learn before you say things that harm the USA
What is ignorant about this proposal?
Wow, Rand.  Did they brain wash you over the weekend???  Not sounding like yourself at all.  A bit rabid now.
Someone fail to instruct you about how FISA warrants work?
No. And no. We already know they r not praying & doing positive things!! HELLO!! We voted AMERICA FIRST! Stop putting others first.
where were you on the issue of privacy and Internet data?
That's the case! No way I support having to need a warrant for their illegal activities! Protect the US..They seem 2 4get "America First"
Did you read the article or just the title? I'm not arguing with you.  Js..
Most "permanent residents" crossing the border are not doing it 4 vacation if I know what I mean. Can't explain more d/t limitations etc.
Ok I see your point......
Ain't you the same jacka$$ who voted to allow our Internet searches to be sold?
Agree if they are citizens but what about visitors ?
NOPE
Internet privacy! Get your ass on that #NumbersMatter  #WrestleMania  #Truth
Why are these Jack Booted Nazis running these checks on citizens in the first place?  Training by Himmler?
something we can all agree on..
Not sure how this practice was constitutional. Thank you for trying to fix this. Wish I was on the House side to help you out!  #Porter4Us
Your policelover-n-chief not going for that.
Crack down! ELIMINATE UNREASONABLE SEARCH AND SEIZURE!
#StandWithRand So proud to have u in Gov.. Thank you Rand no others compare to u the
 Genius
The phone bill appears to align with search and seizure protection in Constitution.
I know he can't tell the truth about anything.ANYTHING! Does he cheat in golf too
I bet they could get your isp data instead, who needs regular old searches these days, but keep jerking yourself off when saying freedom
Before you support anything our president asks for.  The people of the U.S. Need answers about Russia.
This is a good start. Now draw up another bill to address our privacy on the internet.
@daveweigel nice to see you doing this just weeks after gutting privacy from ISPs
They've been doing this for so long, but now suddenly it needs stopped. Why? Illegal immigration crackdown. Drain swamp first, THEN end it.
Thanks for protecting our privacy senator!
Remember when you sold us out to ISPs last week?  Wow, different times back then.
This is important but can you try cracking down on cc companies who high jacked our inter rates when Obama came into office
You're not to be trusted.
Bring up why Hillary is not being investigated
If Wydens for it, I'm against it. Well ok, that's not my only reason. Let's drain the swamp b4 we remove the tools they used to fill it.
Will #border_agents still be allowed to check the #trunks of cars,&inside #box_trucks for contraband,on vehicles traveling either direction?
Will we still be allowing #illegal_arms to travel to #Mexico, & #drugs to travel into the #USA?
Are you sure you're a #Republican?
Sounds like a #Liberal_Democrat idea to me.
The #NSA will be the only group viewing calls to & from #drug_dealers & #illegal_arms_dealers on the #US side of the #Mexican border.
Just when I was starting to believe in @RandPaul again.
I have #nothing on my #phone that I would be afraid for #border_patrol_agents to see; in their efforts to #PROTECT_AMERICANS.
Don't you have another round of golf to play with Donald, before you scurry off to push his Russia talking points, Senator?
You just voted to allow telecom companies to sell our browsing data...
You're 1 of few in GOP willing to take on erosion of our constitutional rights under current law enforcement paradigm. PLEASE keep it up!
He cosponsored the bill to allow ISPs to sell your data
And I agree that was a mistake. You are right to be vigilant. He protects 4th more than most of his GOP brethren, but fair point @JTrofe!
I'd rather we just make it illegal to search a citizen's phone at the border.  Will this cause persons to be detained pending a warrant?
good
Why would you need this... If there is a bill singed into law : ISP's to have access to your entire history ? right? Right?
Phone searches at borders useful and needed don't want your phone searched don't cross border libertarianism stupidity
What about illegal aliens phones?
Yeah, they always want revise things when it's being used for the good. It was perfectly ok when it was to check on slave immigrants.
Should always have a warrant. It's ridiculous how they can insert their tentacles into everything
Look at the title:
Bring up why Al Sharpton hadn't paid his taxes
I'd like to know who pays him and for what? The walking mouth hasn't worked a day in his life
Did you really think about this before supporting it?  Maybe you don't know enough about the daily battle border agents are fighting?
get a warrant
We love you @RandPaul
Tell @POTUS  not to fall for false flag chemical attack #nowar
Why are the chances of this passing slim?
#StandWithRand
