
The militarization of police is a dangerous and foolish move. They are not military, and their discipline & character isn't the same.
The senator is right. Are we going to war with Americans. The cops don't need tanks.
AG has it all wrong! I've never seen such a tone deaf AG.. He should have insisted on resigning. Since he speaks for Deep State.. bad move.
Yes they should
He's a piss poor AG! No control over his department. DOJ is no different than Obama's. I'm disgusted. Oh & obstruction of HRC Lynch doc's...
You have a point, but with Antifa police need protection
It was doable when he 1st became AG. Not Russia related, ignored it. I've signed petitions 4 terr org No action. Potus has no access to him.
Protect our protectors!

Come ride in a cruiser for a while during your vacation. See if you still feel that way.
I sure hope this failed Republican gets voted out. He is just a loud voice that wants to be heard. He cares not, about anyone but himself.
Yes they should
Agreed sir that's my biggest fear about President Trump is he would militarize the police @realDonaldTrump @POTUS please #HIRE @RonPaul


Not your call
Why not?
This is where some in the libertarian moment lose me:  its anti law enforcement, sometimes sovereign citizen approach to policing.
Militarization treats symptom not cause. Get #whitesupremacistterrorists back on the terror watch list. Stop DOJ unequal treatment of blacks
Rand Paul: water is wet.
Every one else: Nuh' Uh!
Have you even seen the antifa videos of how violent they are? Mob / hive mentality
Another reason why I #standwithrand
....and apparently criminals
When that's all you've been exposed to... but that's not reality everywhere.
Thank you, Senator!

You voted for sessions. Whyyyyyyy?
How about night vision goggles, encrypted radio communications, high velocity body armor?
Don't Stop talking about this. Keep it up.
Police should have whatever they need.
Agreed. I support our boys and girls in blue but they don't need tanks and military humvees. They aren't military they're civilian.
If for some reason they do need military gear, they should be able to have it.
Sorry Senator, it's War Machines rescuing people right now in Texas right now used by both, LEO and Civilians.
Sorry bud, but that statement is a stretch. What militarized equipment are the police using to help Houston victims? Give me one example.
LEOs still have some Bearcats and are using high clearance vehicles. Also civilian,
Fair enough. You were right, I was wrong. It doesn't need to be new equipment if it's "surplus." That seems shady.
YES, THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT SHOULD GIVE WAR MACHINES TO THE LOCAL POLICE SO AS TO FIGHT THE ENEMY WITHIN, AND WITHOUT.
Bet his wife says no a lot!
Yes the police need that military equipment to stay safe from these demonic liberal terrorists.
You can do something about this Rand. Put your country first and call for @realDonaldTrump impeachment.
Well your good buddies in the GOP think its still a good idea to bring grenades to serve a drug warrant even if a kid in a cot gets blown up
Maybe not ... but we should make sure they have the tools to do their job
Probably needed against antifa but easily abused against innocent citizens.
Let's get rid of this doddery old fool!
Thank you Rand Paul for everything you do. And for all you boot lickers thin blue line lovers. Police serves goverment not the people
I have no problem with surplus equipment. Navy, Army and Airforce are our war machines. No offense to our highly respected Coast Guard.
All I have to say is. You want to millertroize the police in a free state. TIME TO GUN UP CALL OUT THE MILLITUICA
They need to protect themselves. The left has declared war on the police.
Define war machine. stop verbalizing on bull shit there are many pieces of equipment that can be utilized for publics safety
2A... the militia should be equally armed as the police.
You liberals are a threat to security to public against the cops. You want arm cops with rubber bullets and stand down policies. Go Sessions
No they should. Have you not noticed antifa is a terrorist group. They should be treated like Isis. They should be crushed early on
Don't much care for the idea. But, duh!! What do you do when the scumbags are better equipped then the police?
The violence NEEDS TO STOP.  So..the police can't seem to be able to do anything.  What do YOU suggest?
If the protests continue the way they are, they may need them.
Rand, meanwhile the drug dealers use illegal weapons against our police officers......
Eh if it's only to be used against left then I'm cool with it
they should we are in a war zone right here in America you must not go to the big cities things are really bad
Thank you for that definitely not
Agreed! When your only tool is a hammer, everything starts looking like a nail. This is going to escalate violence
#StandWithRand
i believe they should then less people would die
The police need to be able to keep up with criminals.   Issue is that if we had sensible gun control, police wouldn't need them too.
Why don't you worry about disarming criminals before you handicap law enforcement
You can be sure that if it were republicans causing violence, elected democrat officials would want police to have the best equipment.
Why not we have armed military and armed citizens to keep them in line! Trust but verify!!! Uphold The laws!
Don't listen to R Paul Arm our law enforcement to the teeth
I agree 100%. Growing the police state and militarization of local police forces is a war against the citizens. #StopmilitarizationofPOLICE
Ummm...have you been paying attention to what's going on beyond the beltway? Absolutely they should get this equipment!!!
Support our Police force! No need for showboating.
They are defensive weapons and this was common practice until 2015. Things have gone downhill since President Obama changed the policy.
Your whining is getting old
Oh please
Sometimes a truck is just a truck.
Aren't  you Congresspersons skeptical about the put on Trump/Sessions orchestrations yet? They're  co-ordinating.
Just wait till they have to be alt-right members police.
Is Arpaio,Joe allowed back on the enforcement circuit?
Is this to enhance the RACIST WALL enforcement?
Obviously
Buh Bye Now ....
Your policies are all over the board...exactly who, what and where are you really?
No to Feds giving police war type equipment
Agreed. Local police & military are 2 different things. Different training, mission, purpose. This is so dangerous.
Sorry, you're wrong.....again.
Rand paul you sit in your ivory tower while police officers are being killed.
Totally agree this is one thing I break from Trump on.
I disagree.As long as liberals are sending out groups like Antifa and BLM police need to be prepared. It's not weapons it's protection vehic
I'm not worried about my local LEOs, but then I live in Texas. I'm more concerned about federal agencies having such weapons/equipment.
I most often agree with the Senator but not on this. The radical left is at war with LEO and they need to be able to resist them
Rand Paul has made some very good points but not on this.  This is post not pre 9/11.  Nothing else needs to be said.
It's rare that we agree but on this one we do. #nowaronamericans
Are you saying we shouldn't give our Law Enforcement every thing we have to protect the people.
You are correct but there one thing I must tell is that your colleague believe the state's should be run like a 3rd world country. # Trump
This time I think you are wrong
Another Washington legislator who does not care about the men and women in BLUE.
It depends on what we are talking about, high water vehicles, vehicles equipped with snorkel, MRE's yes. Weapons, NO!
Just like on Obamacare repeal - you're wrong. RINO
Everyone has an opinion.
Disagree with you on this one!
Easy for you to say when you're not the one fighting the war on the streets.
Why Trump feeding such violence and now is looking to increase chaos across U.S.
Given the climate its a good idea now.
Your wrong blm and antifa
States have a right to resist the Federal gov't.
Why?
I thought it was surplus in general, e.g. office equipment, not M1 Abrams or FA-18s. If that would save police depts money, why not?
Imagine ARPAIO with RPG, 50 cals APV Grenades claymores a police state under Trump, TRUMP states judges have no power or authority BANNONISM
Why Not ?   Makes me feel SAFE !!    Would Rather some Police Tanks rolling down the street than "Standing Down" while my city BURNS !!
Have to not seen what they face out there?
HAVE YOU NOTICED WE ARE BEING TERRORIZED BY THOSE GROUPS WHO CLAIM TO BE PROTESTORS, EVEN HOUSTON RESCUERS ARE BEING ATTACKED AND LOOTING.
Trump pardoned criminal sheriff that cost taxpayers $142mil sheriff who has no regard for federal law ppl died.disrepected judges.
We need to maintain law and order. Maybe  not in our great small towns. It's the police not a mob. Quit being like Obama.
help the police against BLM  & all radical rioting idiots
Trump Sessions Bannon support supression & massive control now Alt Right evident. PD's will be misguided by Trump release of military wpns
Way to go!
PD's across the country stated they Will NOT do ICE enforcement in sanctuary cities some will refuse the weapons, some will take as funding
The army is supposed to be the protector of the people from an outside force. Not the oppressor from the inside. No WAR MACHINES for police
If you give people the means to commit War they will ultimately use them for that purpose. It's why we have the Posse Comitatus law
Since LA & Rodney King the FBI was monitoring this movement in PD'S across the country TRUMP/SESSIONS no plans to rid PD'S of this movement
TRUMP/Sessions steps that were in place for major Police reform w communities in many states halted/violations abuses DOJ refuses to review
When OBAMA suspended the program more PD'S across the country more PD'S opened forums with communites to admit discuss solve WHY FACTOR
You are dead wrong. I am a police officer and look at what we now face..ANTIFA and BLM domestic terriosts. Equipment is needed.
Trump will politicize this as he stands behind PD'S he was told how to MISUSE PD'S as a alternate force or secondary measure for suppression
Trump chose white supremacy over law & order Sessions Giuliani Bannon to destroy BLM ANTIFA ALT LEFT, PD's maintains laws of city & state
They need better protection, period
Trumps decision is NOT based on law & order since LA every city &30 states w troopers has SWAT, ESU,TACTICAL ERT have military weapons & APV
Police are not soldiers. Policing tactics in our country are over the top. I stand with rand on this issue.
I agree that police should be armed, but it's a slippery slope, esp w/this admin.
Yeah , we've been through this for years now and many cities ( last I checked  ) are still trying to theirs back .
~still trying to give give theirs back
Police officers R losing their lives across this country protecting us. They deserve the tools they need to protect themselves when doing so
They need everything they can get to fight the liberal freaks running protest everywhere.
Do you ever agree on anything the government wants to do.
Especially when they are ordered stand down and not enforce laws that protect those on the political wrong side. #charlottesville #ucberkley
Agree they are not military or do we want our police militarism they are and have been out of control as it is
It's interesting you bring out the propaganda speak for this issue in particular. #WarMachines
Think about your safety too. We care and want all the protection that we can have,  right?
Wrong position
Hell no!
Why not? Why should they defend you with lrss than criminals have?
They should have what they need to destroy antifa terrorists
Interesting waste of ur time. Maybe exposing ur disappointment to public but that's it. Help Mueller in any way possible to remove dictator.
Yourcasking him to support lies and sedition.
MAGATS: as dumb as humans can get.
Except course for you and those like you.
And who, pray tell, are "those like" me?
I disagree with you on most things, Senator, but not this. Militarizing police doesn't make us safer, it only drives us closer to fascism.
Why not???
Almost right, at least until you support DT's other actions. #resist
I am with you. Do we really need a "Police State"?
Thats no where near whats proposed.
Agreed!!! @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
I used to agree. With what's getting ready to happen though, they might just need it...
Shut up all you do is whine and cry your as bad as Hillary
Its already too late.  The Deep State is exposed and they have to commit 100%.  Logic, compassion, reason and patience are our only weapons
I agree with your wisdom on this issue.  As a society we need to reduce the aura of violence and strive not to use force against citizens.
Pink Floyd
If the Feds can have them so can our local blue
Something we agree on Mr senator
DARK DAYS ARE COMING. WE ALREADY KNOW WHAT'S COMING WITH THE TANKS AND WEAPONS.
So,run,and hide?
Disagree Senator, whatever it takes to make the public  safe from thugs I fully support.
Unarmed armor vehicles,  used mainly to evacuate civilians in hostile situations are not war machines Senator.. #outoftouch
Keene, NH: 2 colleges, 2 airports. PD having a Bearcat with 4 areas that could be subject to attack is NOT unreasonable. Primarily defensive
you think Houston PD could use some  "War machines" right about now?
No, the Texas National Guard could. Militarization of municipal police facilitates authoritarianism, not public service.
Did you notice the brownshirt, masked antifa thugs beating up civilians this weekend in Berzerkley?
It's not giving the police war machines. It's giving them what they NEED to do their jobs safely. Common sense!
White privilege is over and someday you all will be the minority
WTF are you even talking about?
White people does all the dirt but needs protection from POLICE. YALL justt running SCARED because you have no more white privilege.
What about the good dudes need protection from the bad cops. Crackers will say anything.
Finally! Something we can agree on!
Senator I agree this one time.
I LIKE YOU RAND BUT YOUR WRONG ON THIS ONE.
Cast out all the bad POLICE officers and MAKE Law enforcement GREAT Again.
Get rid of their politician bosses.
Then what are you going to do about #AntifaTerrorism. Do we personally have to protect ourselves?  What do you think that would look like?
Really, Senator?  Why don't you go out with Swat for a day and chase domestic terrorists. Start with Antifa.
What's a war machine? Jeep? Horse? Be specific, senator. I love ya, but you're off base more and more
Yea Rand. Who cares that our police are outgunned by drug runners and thugs. I don't get you man....
Not like they will get tanks, etc.
I just want to know why they need bayonets?
Sorry but they ALREADY have them.
Look at how the police protected patriots in Berkley your telling me you want to give them grenades what would they do give them to Antifa
Good job Rand. It's not like your usual goofy statements.

#TrumpResign 
Rand Paul, they're not war machines, they will be very effective when Antifa decides to burn Berkeley or another college
Disagree with you rand
It will help save "men in blue" lives!!!
I agree!

The president should have declared ALL these groups officially terrorist groups and gave the police open SHOOT TO KILL ORDERS!!!!
Criminals run amuck.Terrorists like Antifa, Isis, illegals,and BLM are spewing hate and violence. Police need EVERYTHING to fight crime.
Yes they should. Times are different and call for it. 9/11 saw to that.
The #machine is being able to walk away Scott free from an #unjustly unjustified #murder this is a #war #enhancement
Thank you.
Tell the murdered KY Officers families this. Richmond, Louisville, Bardstown, etc
You're wrong.
I am a KY voter..I am disgusted by your lack of support for @potus
@POTUS said today the sky was blue. When is your news conference Tuesday declaring Trump wrong, that the sky is actually green.
Thanks Rand. Agreed. Seems one thing many on both sides should be able to agree on.
Well some big trucks work well in floods! - Armor for drug busts & rioting out of hand
Ok I'm done with you and if I can vote anyone from any party to get you out of office  . It's done  . They need all the help they can get
Can someone explain to me what are "war machines?"
Shouldn't you be concentrating on your own job instead of trying to run the Police Deparment??  You have your nose stuck in everything!!
One of the few times I agree with you Senator.
No SIRRR they should NOT be using military tactics within this country. As police have been treated poorly..taking this step doesn't help.
