@PhyllisHart16 @RandPaul let's move on to tax reform, building a wall, improving our military, improving infrastructure, VA agency
@Dr. Rand Paul we support you! Thank you!
Eat the rich!
Congress and all government employees should be forced to go on this plan. Then you would see teamwork and a good healthcare plan.
Go Ryan! I'm glad you're optimistic.
will stop at NOTHING to rob poor people of healthcare for benefit of the rich
and the GOP is divided big tent party is a three ring circus moderates LIVE in states that have benefited fro medicate vs far right
Key is not to rush. Do it right. #MAGA
ultimately?  We don't have all day.....repeal as promised, don't care about replace!!
seriously? We all need insurance otherwise we foot the bill Everytime we go to the ER. Be responsible!!!
not government's job to provide health insurance....under Obamacare we ARE footing the bill
rand Paul believes he has leverage against the pres now.
Government should not be in the business of managing our health care. Debate now is #FullRepeal not replace. That's a win
I kind of like it, but inset that what they want to do?
The pres n Ryan are think they can intimidate U, freedom Caucas, into jumpn on their highway to hell! DON'T DO IT!!
I love Sen Rand Paul's positive msg. I think he understands Pres Trumps style of negotiating & instead of whining opens door for discussion.
@doug69 @RandPaul Dr. PAUL needs to be in on health care bill design.
@tempteststorm2 you are destroying  only chance the People's agenda to be put forward. You r holding party hostage. This is r chance. 2018
Paul talks big but doesn't get anything done #mouthy #
notice how you aren't mentioning 8th day Dow has lost. If Obama was still Pres you would be all over it. #foxnewsbullshitnews
@tempteststorm2 markets don't like uncertainty. Stop all the obstruction both sides. Work together for people. Need healthcare. Obamacare no
Great news! #RepealAndReplace
U are holding up this bill from being passed. Get 2015 healthcare bill that was okayed by both parties, get Trump to sign it ,& work n taxes
@tempteststorm2 Pres needs support more then ever. He needs appeal, replace. Find a way to help Americans. Keep working with Pres.
http://cris.nifa.usda.gov/cgi-bin/starfinder/0?path=fastlink1.txt&id=anon&pass=&search=(GC=A1511)%20AND%20(IY=2016)&format=WEBTITLESGIY …
Well rands plan just bombed

I'm shocked to discover that @realDonaldTrump is a volunteer in the Big Brother Program where he mentors a young man with no spine or soul. 
We don't have the time. Pass the healthcare bill. Esp. letting kids stay on loan till 26. & allow pre-existing condition.
The people have already reached a consensus! Repeal it! Now!
Rand's defense Trump-Putin is telling. See media pgs of @ funder 
Why doesn't Rand want it investigated, called it "witch hunt" still today.
Which country has the world's best healthcare system? It's not the USA, not even close.
Come on Senator, give us a hand
https://www.usda.gov/media/press-releases/2016/03/30/usda-announces-52-million-nanotechnology-research …
https://gofundme.com/detect-nano-particulate-pollution … #CeasarChavezFederalHolidayMigrantWorkers #USDAPatents
Rand, you NEED to be ringleader!!!
@freedomcaucus @POTUS
DEMAND @RandPaul hc plan=CAPITALISM free mkt & COMPETITION grp buy power! #POWER2WTP #HonorPromises
#FireRyan
- running out of time - QUIT DICKING AROUND!!! - house - senate - president -> get it done & stop bsing constituents 
Heard the good news that a repeal may happen in 3 weeks. Keep fighting for us Rand!!!!
@brendanoe60 @RandPaul take the time, WORK TOGETHER, and get it done correctly! 🕆
7 years, remember Rand. I'm a fan, but u may need to take a step out of kitchen. U R getting more like the other cooks.
PATIENCE IS A VIRTUE!
We don't know who Rand Paul is governing for, certainly not voters or PreS Trump. OBcare should/could have been gone.
On matters of domestic policy Senator Paul is one of the finest!
you haven't done it in 7 years so stop pretending and leave ACA alone.
Advice: Listen to Paul.
The fear tactics of Passing a bill before it is read is not going to work anymore. Keep true in a world of corruption!
Rand I hope Donald Trump realizes that most people voted for real change. Not the same corporations writing the bills!
Apparently, Trump didn't realize that is what #ACHA was. Ryan tried to pull a fast one.
Rand I supported your father in 2012. Researching the voting records I can tell you are one of a handful of the good guys
Establishment Republicans never wanted to repeal. Now they can blame it on Trump.
@FriendlyJMC @RandPaul If any Republican wants to be elected again, it would be a good idea to repeal & replace Obamacare. Promises
LOL. They don't want to stop stealing taxpayers' $ - stealing refunds & charging penalties for 0 in return
" it takes time " 8 yrs of broken promises, blamed Obama for failure to defund Obamacare .. JUST DO IT DAMN IT
it's their big failing nightmare. Not 1 republican voted for it. Remember Harry Reid's nuclear option?
- They are just showing their face is all.
Rand Paul acts like he won the election.  SHAME ON HIM!!!
I used to like him.......
bs. They can't agree on anything
Stay tough on the healthcare replacement.Bend Trumps ear, Paul Ryan way is wrong.
Republicans: DO SOMETHING, help USA get back on its feet--come 'on; Public perception of govt leadership is not favorable
please be the shining light that helps the President repeal and replace Obamacare NOW!
duh, rand! Don't try to act like you are any better. Will someone with integrity PLEASE stand up for America? PLEASE!
@Avraham5772 @RandPaul they are all crooked! President Trump cannot trust any pre-TRUMP Congress member! @realDonaldTrump NONE!
Trump WILL NOT sign ANY bill that doesn't make sure that our most vulnerable are taken care of. PERIOD!!!
7years should have been long enough ! Our president will find a way
We should b able 2shop & buyhealthcare like we do auto insurance! Free Market,Across State Lines,Get govt out COMPLETELY!
#repeal the damn thing then U & HFC better put forward a free-market patient centered planNO SPECIAL interest groups
How much more time you need? Eight more years.
7 years wasn't enough time?
Fix what's wrong don't repeal #DOWHATSRIGHT #HYPOCRITE
They need to do what they promised REPEAL THE WHOLE THING
PLEASE get it repealed!  Huge premium increases!Take away all your benefits & I bet things will move quicker.
Starting to like @RandPaul more and more. Keep them honest Rand.
@hectormorenco @RandPaul Rand Paul actually got positive air time on a main stream news spot? What? Lol sen is too underrated
@hectormorenco @RandPaul 8 years of OBAMA NO CARE, and you guys don't have a plan! #FireCongress 2018 
@hectormorenco @RandPaul government can't run the VA the post office or healthcare. Let competition reign open state borders.
OMG will rand just shut up now. after the gop was embarrassed by the dems thanks to HIM! we dont need him
You've got 18 votes.
takes time? how long it takes? 8 yrs wasnt enough time for you?
get a clue dude
Repeal it and let us go back to a competitive system. All congress takes part in same plan. Medicaid for those in need
#RETIREPELOSI
YOU Had 7 years.
Rand YOU need to go away - it's obvious it's always all about you bye bye
You'll get a consensus from the people if we get a health bill genuinely of benefits/help for us.
that will kill your party for 2 decades.
.@FoxNews @RandPaul Wish Rand could "inject" some of his logic & rational thinking somehow into the Pres and Repub leadership.
I think ultimately you screwed the pooch. Congrats! Pelosi thanks you!
@bwtanker @RandPaul well in the meantime no one should complain because the health care remains the same correct  so can we b 
you and GOP had 7 years to work out a plan big fail for whole party you've made all naysayers look good
how can this take time when you've had years to think about it?
Please Rand, get POTUS's ear and make this thing happen.  Enough is enough!  LEAD!
So, not waiting for the implode/explode scenario as suggested by Trump?
It's their way or no way. They are on track for squandering 4 years. Dems know how to unite.
Guess 8 years was not enough time for you, eh?

Read your bill. Embarrassingly bad

Grandstanding is all you know
Not everyone has a lot of time you jerk! Yeah just take your sweet ass time about it when no one has any insurance.
They won't cooperate until it implodes!  And maybe not even then. 

We must defeat liberalism and socialism!!!!!!
we are grateful for Nunes sounding alarm based on facts
How about both parties are forced to get Obamacare, this would be a start. I'm sure it will get fixed sooner!
it's been 7 years and 4 days. Time's running out.  is waiting. #getyourcraptogether
How much time?  You wasted 8 yrs.  You are a do nothing Congress. This was your time and you missed it.
easy do something practical. Do your plan, eliminate Medicaid, universal Medicare. #MAGA #FullRepeal
really need to get busy. What is wrong with repeal? Let the chips fall
You ding-dongs missed the boat. ACA change is dead and will stay dead. When Zerocare fails the GOP will get the blame.
you are pretty proud of yourself aren't you? GOP working against Trump. He has to seek support from Dems. GOP fails.
Take govt totally out, if no ins, go to cnty healthdept. Each cnty has one, they can be funded by cmbo of fed, st & loc.
this guy doesn't want to fix anything.  It would take a talking point away....he is part of the swamp
7 years is more than enough time.
The Republicans are in charge but,we are the ones causing trouble and receiving threats from Dems.It's ours,Don't mess up
Really, I don't believe you or The Freedom Caucus. Right extremist who don't know the meaning of the word compromise.
- Fox/Rand Paul - you had 7 years! Still don't get it? You had your time. Crazzzzzyyyyy...
you've had SEVEN AND ONE-HALF YEARS !!!  How much MORE time do you need?  Are you f'n SERIOUS?!?
one pay!!!
I don't agree. You botched it and recovery is not likely. You have one president.Get behind him and make it happen.
why not start with a bill allowing sale of policies across state lines
.@FoxNews @RandPaul @RandPaul Today on Hannity's R you said the House passed your Heath Care bill, doubted if Senate would bring it Up?
Time they have had plenty of time to figure this out.If I worked that slow I would never have a paycheck
You've had eight years...Talk is cheap. Show us a bill that will repeal ACA that can pass n we will trust you.
Corp Tax Reform and Customs Duty / Border Tax must be agreed upon & passed before healthcare bill can be taken up @POTUS
Repeal it, entirely. As if it never existed, and strip every vestige of this disaster out of the laws of this land.
"Rep. Mo Brooks files bill to repeal Obamacare http://s.al.com/W7esjcl  Here's what you asked for. Contact State Reps to support this bill."
"Time to support Rep. Mo Brooks bill to repeal Obamacare! Contact your State Reps. Tell them support this bill. http://www.senate.gov  !"
"Time to support Rep. Mo Brooks bill to repeal Obamacare! Contact your State Reps. Tell them support this bill. http://www.house.gov  !"
the damage is done you had 7 years youBLEW IT
And in the mean time While You all in Congress take your time We the people are the ones suffering with health care!
Youve had 8 years. Im sorry if i sound a little skeptical 
Help fix this. Get involved without acting all radical. I watched you during election. I really thought you would help
Well get to it and stop the Congressional Bullshit
Wasn't 7 years enough time ? Get real!
You guys can't get along long enough to make that time.
You had the last 7 years, repeal should have happened in the 1st week, quit stalling and get it done.
he's an idiot...takes time? while the PEOPLE suffer? OMG politics is what is ailing this country
Rand Paul showed us he was trying to have input before Paul Ryan released the bill
@christianbal4 @FoxNews @RandPaul
Nope. Not there either. It was another bait and switch 
have to give rand a hand for trying
@realDonaldTrump -Rand Paul seems to be more stupid each time I hear him speak.
So 7 years ain't long enough?  Need another 7?
For 8 YEARS republicans had a consensus to repeal Obamacare and now here we sit!
You have had 7 years! This country is finished.
Starting now or counting from 8 years...how much time does a corrupt congress need?
Sen Paul it is time to lead.  This is why we elected you.  To make things better for us.  We don't need more chaos.
..Rand,hopefully YOU will work CLOSELY with OUR President..YOU are a dedicated Senator that is trusted & will help MAGA !
DC politics stink!!! You are still out for yourselves instead of the American citizens...and ONLY citizens should matter.
You had 8 years to come up with a consensus.
rep should be ashamed of themselves-not use to winning I guess-totally unprepared
The GOP cooperated with Democrats under Obama now it's there turn to work with Trump.Its a two way street not one.

He is on TV again. Does he do any work except promoting himself??
Just not in any real big hurry while Americans suffer consequences?? This is why gov should not be involved in Healthcare
blah blah blah.
sorry you guys had seven years to get this right shame on you guys
You have had 7 years.  All talk and no action.  Republicans should have worked as a team for the American people!
Take your time Do it right!
Delusional 
I'm sure after 7 years. They will find a way.
rand paul is part of the problem.a do nothing congressmen who just wants to continue to steal money from taxpayers
Consensus, Time! Are you kidding me! What the hell was the last 7 years? You all had time!!
Blew it. Just sayin
#StandWithRand
Freedom caucus screwed us. Should have moved the bill to senate. No more trust.
classic example how Washington works 7 years to fix & come up with a plan. U now control everything & u came up with ZERO
Ya'll have had 7 effing year R.Paul...Really...ya'll need more time! Bafoons.
he wanted Hillary to win so he could continue to steal money with their sneaky bills they put through
You had eight years shut up.
You've got to do a better job, Rand.   Perfect is the enemy of good.
You lose the war on strict principles. You and urs cost the loss. Tired of ur talk. Walk it or shut it.
Fake news Rand, grow up.
rand Paul is an ophthalmologist.
BS. U had 7 yrs.  Reps don't know how govt works
the hilarious thing is that it was Rand’s Art of the Deal handout that made HFC think Trump was bluffing and hold out.
We need to repeal @RandPaul LOSER, join the party you vote with, the Democrats, you don't represent us Republicans!!
if consensus means “everything the freedom caucus wants,” enjoy Obamacare.
they can't seem to cooperate on anything but that was the plan if Trump won bunch of sore losers
Work it out and come up with a good plan for all Americans
As long as you realize the people who hired you, should get the best coverage at the absolute lowest cost possible.
randpaul talks just to hear himself talk. #attentiongetter #lookatme why the hell does that state keep voting for him
Find out if country is safe first. What good is being healthy if we are under attack from Russia Putin & 45 is involved ?
How much more time do u you need?? Put plan on the table. Don't have 7 more yrs. Freedom with responsibility. Now.
Trump made a decision wanted to b a president he shld hv done his homework n get to work his ass off for the ppl n no lie
