Don't you think the healthcare bill and tax reform should be on the front burner ahead of this, Rand?
We want tougher sentences tired of our kids parents dying
You aren't going to get anything passed until you clear up this Russian mess. Quit defending the Orange Dictator and let's get to the truth!
Are you serious? Didn't you senate dudes just appoint Forrest Gump as AG? The dude wants to go back to 14th Century punishment.
We should come together to get the orange man out of there so we can move forward as a country.
You really want the crazy theocratic pence? Good luck with that
Is that so HRC and cartel won't be punished justly?
The Dems always unite and the republicans Never unite so we lose power quickly. Wake up
Make sure when you do the reform it's fair you're not vlocking people up for the rest of their lives for petty crimes or color of their skin
First Obamacare and tax relief!!  Start working with Republicans or join the Democratic Party
Congress should come together to remove the grave threat to our nation our president is.
No, Obama isn't president anymore, silly goose!
Hey News Flash. Russia is in the Oval Office. Obstruction of Justice. Tax Returns.
Proof of any of this? @RandPaul is trying to get REAL work done!
#StandWithRand
Who the hell cares? Maybe try  doing something relevant, like say idk talk about #SethRichCoverUp
Yes. Good, but focus on the incompetent if not dangerous POTUS, okay?
He left the White House back in January. Don't you read the news?
Cool story bro. Where ya at on #TrumpRussiaCollusion ?
I like you, but you know bipartisan has been dead for decades. Congress is only bipartisan when increasing it's own benefits packages.
Sentencing reform? While turning a blind eye to obstruction of justice, collusion, corruption? Check yourself!
Sadly I don't think anyone cares about actual policy right now
HC & tax cuts are DOA
Do not give Republicans any wins.  No bills pass.  Stop up the toilets.  Rand Paul is complicit.  #TeamTreason.
@FredSmith90212 -- Hello, I realize you are being a gentleman working with a bunch of corrupt hacks; so best of luck man. #tlot
This is a good bill. But why did you vote to confirm Sessions in the first place? His views in this area were established.
Please stop with this minor stuff and jump in to save Trump and the presidency.
Gee Dems are bipartisan when it comes to restricting gov when opp party is in control. Shocking. They wouldn't consider if killary was pres.
Appreciate the efforts you are making but Sessions should not have been confirmed.
#Nonpartisan
On this we agree. Also concerned about Trump's obstruction of justice re: memo to Comey. You should be too. Please take action.
@slone Congress passes bills?? Really when??
Will Republicans die under the pressure of Fake News? Shoot their own over lies?  Of course they will because they don't have a back bone!
#SandersKasich2020 a bipartisan ticket
Independent Investigation Now Be American
Well said Senator keep up the good fight I'm proud of you!
Too busy gutting healthcare for poor man and giving tax breaks to rich man.  Same as it ever was.
Congress can and should come together in a bipartisan way to fix the mess Trump has made
You need to vote to repeal and replace Obamacare. We voted for Trump. We would still vote for him. The media is still wrong.
my personal beef is with plea bargaining, rewards the guilty while punishing those who seek to defend themselves.  Keep up good wk
Senator it may be good Senate form to work in a bipartisan way. Get @SenateMajLdr to change rules to 51. The Democrats would. Is GOP dumb?
Congress can and should come together in a bipartisan way to #impeachtrump.
For what?! After eight years of putting up with Obama, it's nice to have someone in the WH who's TCB!!!
Better late than never Senator. Get Sessions, he lied, and made you look foolish. Now make him pay!
Anything else you'd like to say? About anything? At all?
Congress can and should come together in a bipartisan way to appoint an independent prosecutor.
Give criminals longer jail time don't be nice to them MR PAUL
Bullshit..sure make sessions so.e more jail money
Build more prisons
I agree it's a issue of racism - however say something about Trump
Unfortunately,  nothing will move forward,  everyone is too apoplectic to care about their country or the job they were hired to do.
Thanks DR for continuing to work while Ds and the media have lost their minds because their Russian hacking story just got eviscerated.
Congress should come together in a bipartisan way and genuinely try to fix our healthcare system
Is this a joke   a senator that wants to get sonething done ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha
The difference between alcohol prohibition and the drug war is that it only took 13 years to end the former.  We're A LOT stupider now.
Agreed, mandatory minimum sentences are unjust. Give the courts more discretion to make the punishment fit the crime
I'm sure the 100,000s of people whose lives will be destroyed by continuing the drug war will appreciate the boldness of sentencing reform.
Joke, dems are only going to obstruct and scream Russia for the next 4 years,  have made it clear it's all about them, don't care about USA
What are you talking about? POTUS is a lunatic. Fix that!
Way to deflect. Also: turn your fax machine on.
How about first getting the congressional investigation of Trump rolling first.
How about coming together and changing the drug laws a fair bit, so that Sessions doesn't start the war on drugs 2.0, wasting another $1Tril
Jesus Christ, man. Head in the sand much?
Senators should have thought about this before confirming @jeffsessions
Thank you for focusing on the work of the people.
Should be either < 5 years or life. NO on between.
It's not sentencing, its the system. It breeds more and harder crooks. More reform programs and intense probation needed. 5 year army labor
First, impeach #45.
Is rand paul even a republican, he seems like a good person, so how is he also a republican?
Better yet, try removing all those Seditious Subversive Treasonous Traitors out of Government as well as the FBI, CIA, NSA, etc. first. YES
Confirming Sessions was definitely the way to do that! Good job senator!
Finally @RandPaul you acted instead of obstructing & whining. Not sure I agree with bill. Haven't studied it. But, proud you're now leading.
How about Congress comes together and addresses a special prosecutor or the 25th amendment?  History has it's eyes on you.
His timing is that Sessions is trying to ramp up incarcerating people over a plant. This is on point
LOL
this is a disappointing bill Sen Rand. Tougher laws eliminate the garbage 6 month sentences given to rapists by rogue judges!I'm for victims
Since it was messed up by Clinton!  3 Strikes, you're out???
Dude!  Wake up!!!!  Don't you understand that NOTHING on your agenda matters anymore??? Our democracy has been destroyed as u sit & do nada.
Congress should come together in a bipartisan way...always! Now more than ever. #ProtectOurDemocracy
Who sent a boy like you to do a man's job! Repeal and replace Rand Paul!
How about a bill encouraging people to just obey the laws. That generally works out pretty well!
Forget bipartisan Democrats want their way REPUBLICANS HAVE TO UNITED WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP AND THINGS WILL BE BETTER FOR EVERYONE
#sethrich
You should focus on your golfing partner and speak out about his treasonous behavior.
Senator I love you, but dang... I hope a staffer did this and you are locked away mustering up the courage to oppose @POTUS
Don't worry about that BS now.  There's a completely unprecedented meltdown that demands your attention.  You're only 75 days late at best.
Agreed, though, but not with the vote for Sessions.  #75dayslate
Criminal justice reform is a euphemism For a bunch dumb foolish slaves w Stockholm Syndrome -Backwordz Slash the laws Slash the power
Oh and you know another good thing you might want to come together on… Impeachment!
@Brialalexi - subpoena all Comey files and memos on congress and individuals !
I thought you were going to introduce legislation to fix this??
I see the teenie boppers are out in full force. Please understand Democrats r part  of Resist  Protest ie,McCain  still thinks he is  POW !
Why should Demoncrats want to help since they created the KKK, Slavery and the ghettos. Too much money being made for them to turn back now.
Great news. Bad law, blame the law makers not law enforcement.
Good luck. I hope you can start reparing the damage to communites of excessive terms of incarceration.
War on Poverty: Fail
War on Drugs: Fail
War on Terror: Fail
Yes, there should be sentencing reform. You should have thought of that when you helped confirm Sessions. Geez
Congress can and should come together in a bipartisan way to pass a bill to end the war on drugs. #DrugWarFailure
Bipartisan Congress has become the biggest oxymoron of all time. #dreamon
And many other pieces of work...
That is all you can say? I'm dumbfounded & disgusted.
Wait...what? you want to talk about the actual business of the country instead of the BS attacks on #potus? How cool is that?

silence is a statement
Go away. Find an issue we care about. I don't care about drug dealers getting released to my neighborhood.
I'm afraid there is about 2 be a full blown coup
How about getting to the bottom of what is going on in the #WhiteHouse before any new legislation?
Omg, remember to check under every rock for the ole ruskie agents.
Do. Your. Job.
Quit yelling squirrel we're talking about RUSSIAGATE!
Congress should come together and do their jobs they were elected to Do! Try to remove @realDonaldTrump @POTUS USA will be destroyed 4EVER!
aren't there more pressing things threatening our country today than mandatory drug sentencing?
Congress can and should come together to investigate the President's actions including obstruction of justice, and impeach if need be.
All America is troubled with this administration and you are still pushing his agenda??  You are a disgrace to democracy!
Are you on a desert island?  Other stuff going on.
This is honestly THE most pressing item on the agenda??
Agreed but you knew what Sessions stood for and you confirmed him anyway.
And protect net neutrality
opioid abuse is at record levels and u want to give the dealers of poison a break?
So why did you confirm a racist "reefer madness" elf to attorney general ?
I duspect the sentencing reform might be a bad idea. Both sides have their bad ideas.
Do it!!
Your fiddle is out of tune, Nero.
Dude, come on, priorities
Timing senator.  Might want to learn to master it.
Congress could and they should but then there's the old guard Never Trump GOP like McCain et al who are determined to derail progress. Sad.
This is what you are tweeting about right now?
Congress can and should come together to impeach Trump.
Really?  That's what you have to say today?
What about a bipartisan effort to defend the constitution and prevent treason from the WH?
Congress only cares about their own interests & not the American people. Neither republican or democrat
You've got to be kidding, right? Do your job. The republic is crumbling. Entire focus should be on preserving democracy.
Rand Paul is that one kid trying to get work done while the rest of the class goes nuclear on the substitute teacher
That's a rather obtuse way to address the latest Trump scandal.
This is your focus?
Jesus. Can you PLEASE come together and remove 45 before he kills us all?  #GOPIsComplicit #soisrandpaul
you are a terrible troll "sharon"
Thank you
Can we start with coming together to sentence the President?
for?
Repeal Obamacare is socialism!
