Trump promised universal coverage--he said everyone would be covered and it would be cheaper and better.
If you don't have money you can't buy on the Free Market people would die free market doesn't fix Healthcare 1/2
still end up with people having cheap no coverage insurance or none & you don't use coupons or shop deals when having a heart attack 2/2
Under the ACA they must cover everything.  Under Trumpcare, insurance co. don't have to cover anything at all.
Your plan is to give tax cuts to the wealthy, and tax credits that only help people making over 75K a year.
That certainly doesn't describe Most Of KY the Average income in KY is 45k my town owensboro 38k
This is what was promised.
Your promise to give tax cuts to the wealthy while raising costs for the working and middleclass?
Repeal. With a side of Repeal, served with a 2017 bottle of Repeal.  For dessert, a deliciously simple REPEAL.
Hope you stay healthy. Our we still number one.  Yeah sure we are.   Not
The government should not be in the health care business
What business should they be in making the rich richer. Or the business of WAR.
As far as making the rich richer. The government needs to get out of the way and let the market work.
Tell all that to a poor man working 3 jobs and still can't feed his kids. I believe when we defend the devil we become the devil
People make decisions in their lives.  There are good decisions and bad ones. The more good decisions you make the better your life will be.
You must be a very wealthy and very lucky man. And good for You. If I was that maybe Id say fuck everybody else to
I really don't like this guy all talk doesn't walk the walk where is his bill? what about all those who can't afford the ACA tax  shame
B/C it is so different from the house and would not make it through he knows this. it is all grandstanding. reminder he ran for president
Tell that to the people who are hurting paying the high ACA going bankrupt while he & his are exempt. he is a RINO just like his dad.
we know it then goes to HHS and many of the problems can then start to be undone I guess you don't pay much att. day dreaming in class.
How about regulations on the cost of the care??!! Ct scan should cost the SAME no matter where u get it! This is TRUE problem!
I want to go somewhere where they can do one for $50 or $25.
Insurance co. Buy blocks of Real Estate mortgages 4 investment. R govt employees invest in them 2! Hm
Pull your head out and get something passed.
Rand said you wouldnt vote for replace only repeal..Now you have it and you still object. Good luck on the next election.Go join the Dem
I'm with Sen. Paul.  This is a crap sandwich and the (R)s want to force it down our throats.  Just call it what it is (R) Obamacare
Um - healthcare CANNOT be unregulated free enterprise it doesn't follow the basic rules (Demand ALWAYS outstrips supply leads to Darwin Econ
Actually, Trump ran on repeal and replace. He won the Presidency. Please get out of the way.
Can we not just place the repeal bill Congress gave to Obama in front of Trump?
I agree fully!  Repeal Obamacare first by majority rule and the address outstanding issues with both parties going forward. Repeal now!
How about NO that just leaves millions of people without Healthcare we need Medicare for all so that everyone is covered ditch insurance co
How about getting govmt out of health care.  They screw it up, make it cost more, and lousey healthcare!
Stop pretending you are doing this for the voters.
start by repealing Medicare Part D, a totally unfunded entitlement that already costs us $90billion a year.Prove the GOP is serious.

Congress must listen put in POTUS agenda
We hear all this talk about people losing coverage if we torch #Obamacare. 

But do you know how many LOST usable coverage BECAUSE of it?
Medicare gutted, many MD's no longer offering service. Friends working 60 hours a week had unaffordable plans, 15k deductibles.
You lie.  No one is working 60 hours a week for coverage.  Anything ver 9.6% you are eligible for subsidy.  So????
We are self employed pay almost $1000 a month for our family of 4 and have a $15,000 deductible per person and work more than 40 hrs to pay.
2/2 That is with a subsidy genius.  Shut up  It's freaking broken and needs repealed.   Are you on ACA? If no, again SHUT UP!
I work with the ACA,  which btw is a LAW so EVERYONE is "on" it, but I assume you mean the exchange which I work with.

Tell Never Trumpers to get off their butts & get some work done for the people who voted RED for them!! SICK OF IT!!
Promise to the 1%
As a doctor he should loose his license for his bombastic remarks
Senator, you can let them know some of them will lose their seats in 2018
How dare you make sense while discussing healthcare.  All of the rancor, deceit, & hyperbole regarding healthcare-finally common sense
He only makes sense if you don't understand the implications and why we needed the system in the first place
The government has no business running the medical insurance business. The private sector and free market works nicely when allowed
Not for Healthcare they didn't, before the ACA healthcare inflation was at 16.5% of our GDP and rising at an unsustainable rate.
It was one of the leading causes of our deficit.  People were going bankrupt on costs and we were all absorbing those cost as well as ER
Exactly, every time you add another piece to the pie (government) costs go up.    Simple math. I saw this coming in the 70's with HMO's.
If we would have stayed No -profit in the 70's this would not be an issue
Senator Rand @RandPaul why aren't you working on the solution?  All we hear from you is what you don't like. Time to be part of the solution
You act like a spoiled child that can get his own way, we still have Obama Care, thanks, we will remember this when time to vote again.
All you are doing is assure the people get no solution & conservatives get hung with the blame for Obamacare collapse
He needs to go away
This is EXACTLY what the RINO's & RATS want to embarrass Trump as much as they can ! Neither group want Trump as POTUS ! Primary them ALL !
Then get in there and fix this bill and get it passed sir!
The house and senate sent 4 bills to repeal Obamacare and Obama vetoed. Send the same bill
Rand Paul is correct and the RHINOS in the GOP are purposely continuing the healthcare nightmare for the American people...he's a doctor.
If you really care, that is what you would really be doing.  I did vote for Trump and would again but y'all constantly cloud the issues.
It is designed just for that purpose(legalese) so that whenever the insurance co.s want they can deny payment and or coverage.
Let people be able to understand what they are buying. I've spoken with so many people that say, they don't understand what they do have.
And then make the same mistake and try to micromanage coverage. Make insurance co.s write policies in plain English, not legalese. Then,
I think that y'all are being too intrusive when It comes to insurance and the private sector.
You seem to want to repeal Obama care
@RealJamesWoods I agree with Rand Paul. Get cracking, build a better system; you've had 8-years, but all talk up to now.  GET IT DONE.

@TuckerCarlson brings to light the massive #Fanniegate scandal and coverup by the Obama administration. $FMCC $FNMA @FoxNews #RealNews 
I agree @RandPaul
Well your one of them holding it up
We should listen to Sen. Paul.
Varney you are wrong!  The people want obamacare REPEALED - PERIOD!!!! Congress must keep their promise and allow Trump to keep his.
Why not allow the @Dems to save face by telling them to tell their base they "Kept" @Obamacare in on 2 major points?
I agree with Rand. Just repeal this mess.
...Then don't give us a shit burger and call it sirloin!!!  We are the only modern country that does not provide universal health coverage.!
And if you don't do your job you're going back home
Always suspicious of Paul's motives but he's right on this time. Seems clear GOP is not a Conservative party. Big turmoil ahead maybe
Paul should lead movement to bring back Tea Party & this time start a new political party. Call it the Taxpayer Party. Bill payers ignored
Wow.  U #sad
Agreed..  Why can't we get enough votes to just repeal obamacare
Thanks for keeping your promises. We want a full repeal. if you can't get one then let it crash and burn. It's already death spiraling 
#StandWithRand @freedomcaucus I stand with you! Keep fighting for US! @SenMajLdr must push full repeal or Resignation is wanted! #Kentucky
#Repealdontreplace
So, why cant you, @RandPaul, convince @mcconnellpress ?  Get it done!!!
And going back on that promise is a death nail! The DNC apparently isn't learning any lessons from their losses, apparently neither is GOP!
If we go back on our promise as you say it will be the fault of McConnel and company.
you are a doctor. you know lower income and middle class can't afford to get sick anymore. fix the price gouging .
Repeal it!  Go back the way we were.
If you do nothing you're going back on your word - shut up
Stop running for 2020 and do something or you'll be lumped into Al Gore weirdness
Repeal
Before we / you who are not participating in ACA disaster it's not an urgent to you but is to me and my family. Fix it
well when you have a flat tire you don't wait for the new car to show up you fix the flat. and drive to the car dealership the ACA is flat
Repeal Obamacare. We were doing OK without it. Shop for affordable Insurance. No Government evolvement.  Vote Obamacare OUT.
THEN GET TOGETHER AND COME UP WITH ONE THAT WILL WORK FOR EVERYONE ~ EVEN YOU. WHAT DO WE PAY YOU FOR, EARN IT.
The only thing I ever see you do is gripe about everything and you never get anything done...Vote the party ...Get healthcare done.
No, if you don't vote Yes you leave Obamacare in place. Think you will get re-elected? I think not.
Yes I want it gone I had decent ins before obamacare dental and vision got chopped after
Amen!!
If this is the best we can get today, then do it and set a deadline on the ending of obamacare. Removing state lines yes!
To all Republicans I included let's pass New Health Care Bill for all to accept. How simple can it get. Think like a human not a lawyer.
The way you Senators  (dem&rep) are behaving one cannot keep a promise. We put our trust in Action

rand paul is asshat/
Promises are made to be broken. Just let obamacare die. Why replace it anyway, just for illegal immigrants who don't pay their bills?
So how many hospitals in CA close because illegals don't pay their hospital bills? What's it up to now 80? CA is going to go bankrupt.
What is the monkey business? Spit it out it's spelled Lobbyists
Now stop pandering 4 dollars. Give us liberty to buy policy we want THE END
Exactly!!!
Sen. Paul,THANK YOU for saying NO to this new HC bill. Except for a few, all of the RINOs want to fix OC NOT repeal it as promised. SHAME!
Is your promise more important than health care in your state
The GOP has had 8 years to come up with a plan. Are they a bunch of idiots?
#StraightRepeal
If you repeal the ACA (Obamacare), you're going to do, a lot more harm to the American public, than breaking a promise to Wall Street...
You are giving us a lot of political gargan. Vote to approve the bill & stop conning us
Rand you are a great man. You may have to wait until after 2018 elections for the new republicans. Vote out the  liars.
Reps promised repeal and now it's not happening!!! I agree 100% w Rand Paul.
The same Senate that repealed Obamacare in Dec 2015 on a simple majority vote, now says it can't be done. #phonycronyrepeal
@FoxBusiness @Foxbusand @RandPaul repeal now and replace.  I have 6 months before I really care and if I have to renew  I will.  Til fixed
@ktd101551 @RandPaul exactly!
I agree with @RandPaul,  repeal.
Hello
Just repeal this awful mess, let premiums go down again, find protection to preexisting issues without stealing taxpayers hard earned money!
Like going back on promises is such a sin for your party. Give the real reason, don't fall back on that b.s.
Which 98% of America did not want. We wanted the ACA improved, not repealed.
Get'er done Trump MAKE AMERICA GREAT repeal O'bama care
love VP Pence, but I think, Rand Paul would have been better choice! The perfect compliment to P Trump
please REPEAL The MANDATED Obamacare. Take out IRS penalty. In fact get IRS out.
Pls Pls keep your promise! 
Once again @RandPaul breaks it down into terms everyone can understand...
The republicans promised a better bill, apparently you never heard that. What's the matter not enough Americans getting screwed, for you.
Thank you Senator Paul!
Yeah and your doing everything in your power to make sure that happens, your a traitor to your own party and are a fraudulent Republican.
@POTUS @VP The COVERT fight 2keep OCare (or vote in something similar) is ALL ABOUT THE MONEY (Medicare) & NOT what's best for THE PEOPLE.
Fed Govt no place in health care. Repeal and get out of way and let free market work.
If they don't repeal they all lied.
https://twitter.com/KORANISBURNING/status/885559939988639744 …
Yep! Repeal then replace with capitalistic style business plan
Those defending the AHCA are setting themselves up for political suicide down the line. Sacrificing long term for short term good vibes.
Either:
A)Repeal ACA, period. Then work from there. 
B)Leave it in place and let it fail as it's destined to.
Even B is a better option than shoving the AHCA into place. That (arguably worse) piece of legislation will fall apart.
Once it does, the fools who supported it and pushed it will get the blame; repubs, not dems, will take the fall.
Yes you are
Why run a campaign on Repeal, when it was never your intention to DO that? Put up or shut up!
Stay strong Senator Rand. You are 100% correct. I'm a full on conservative. This come back anything less than repel and replace. Terrible
Is it possible,your promise was not the best way?Use your efforts to work together!Words need susequent positive action.
@GOP @HouseFloor @SenateFloor 
Fix the trade deficits we have around the world That will create jobs & allow for the str8 up #Repeal of #ACA
Absolutely. We need #FullRepeal nothing else.
No replace, no repeal - it would collapse our system, HC Inflation would soar, the deficit would swell etc
Good work. Let the poor really suffer.
Thats let the poor really suffer.
Love Paul! He's trying to help get a new health care but please leave out this penalty!
We can't govern stubborn, it's about a little give and take
Going back on a dumb promise ain't a bad thing.....
#StandWithRand
Going back on a promise is not a death penalty. Explain why you can't keep the promise and move on. Stop worrying about SAVING FACE!
You are all talk. End of day you will vote with the treasonist McConnell and Trump. #Collusion #notafractionofyourdadscharacter
Rand's the man!!! Mitch is a bitch!!!
Why doesn't anyone in DC listening to this man, he is a doctor & knows about insurance, meds & what patients need. Senators wake up
Absolutely correct Sir!
If Paul's idea is so great, y he can't get other 51 GOPs to vote for him? How many r supporting him?
@realDonaldTrump (@potus) should Repeal then Replace.
Tell those jokers on the hill that think otherwise REPEAL only way! Believe me we are watching every vote! Every word! Promises not kept!
exactly
@POTUS and @ GOP...please keep your campaign promise.  Elections have consequences.
It won't be the first promise Trump went back on, Mexico will pay for the wall !
A politician has never gone back on a promise?  Since When?  Yesterday maybe?
It's the outrageous cost to have it and the outrageous fining for not having it we abhor. FREE catastrophic care plus free market ins is 
To be honest, if you do not repel even in part your going back on your word! Time to step up!

Come on seriously!  Do the American people want you to repeal ACA or do they want fare and affordable HC?  Why try to reinvent the wheel?
Rand...you are the problem 
Cannot have it both ways..why are we talking out both sides of his mouth
Keep the promise. REPEAL!
RandPaul, sour grapes, that he was never going to the White House, lead, follow, or get out of the way
Fix it and pass it. All I'm hearing is a lot of posturing. Maybe you going back to being a doctor has become an option. Reality check.
Senators listening to constituents this is a no brainer, trying to figure how to keep fattening their bank account and keep their voters.
Repeal already.  No other choice. Repeal now!
@RandPaul  need to stop talking and start doing, all I see anymore is talk. Enough is enough
I agree, It belongs to Schumer and Pelosi...let it fail
Fix it please !!!
Let America look at the Bill, WE WILL DECIDE if we like IT, NOT THE CBO!
You've  also gone back on your promise to uphold the Constitution by allowing Kushner sec clearance, so why not continue & give healthcare?
You're absolutely correct! Please keep fighting for what WTP voted for! Thank you Senator Paul!
I agree @RandPaul the capp convo was always #repeal when did #replace enter. Original talk was portability tort and kids @realDonaldTrump
Aca can't be fixed. Who can afford 50 to 100% increases. We need a full repeal. Ocare is dead.bury it. Get gov out of it, Free market,
HEre is the rub Rand, it was your promise to YOUR PPL> We Americans exist outside YOUR PPL. Everyday Americans spend $$ on ACA mandated CRAP
People still talk about ACA like it is thriving, lol. That's funny
Republicans have been going back on promises for years.  Why is this any different?  GOP is pro-life, til your sick.
no kidding.the house and senate need to remeber that not everyone gets their health insurance for free,like they do.
With the Republican Death Plan you're going back on your promise
Those members of congress don't care. All they care about is their job. Which next yr I hope they lose
America believed the promise failing obamacare would be repealed. We are waiting. Repubs keep your word, find your spine, #Majority rule.
If you cut Medicaid, medicare, or Social Security your breaking your promise!
#bettercare #repeal . @senatemajldr . #lazy #crookedpoliticians . thank you @randpaul
Just repeal the damn thing and let everyone fend for themselves. My responsibility is to my hubby and our boys not the whole country
All but one voted to repeal it in earlier votes. Were they insincere?
Senator Paul, please stop GRANDSTANDING! Get to work or get out. @SpeakerRyan @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr
If yore promise was fucked up to begin with it's ok to go back on it and we all wish you would @RandPaul
Trumpcare is awful for the American people - so breaking the stupid promise is quite alright
Lot of hot air being wasted no repeal being done
100% true and the @GOP will be the minority party for decades to come. They should then just rename themselves the Whig Party.
Maybe, But if we can't come up with some logical compromise, the American people get what they always expect from congress, Nothing 
GOP going back on a promise, oh no ! I would be surprised if you didn't since Overpromising and under delivering is the norm in DC
What you promised and what @realDonaldTrump promised are completely different. Trump promised a replacement thats cheaper,better, everyone.
Rand is right.. and I hope we can replace the coward Republicans we ones that will.
You promised a "better" healthcare plan. Repeal only is not what Trump promised !!
Should repeal. Otherwise you will get Zombie healthcare. You know, coming back from the dead to eat our brains.
Amen to that!! And we Need to clean house starting with McConnell and Ryan
You are out of touch with reality. 
79% of American want to improve the ACA not destroy it.
Way to go Senator.
Just vote no Senator. Very simple.
I totally agree please do what you promised repeal and replace
It will still look like Obamacare only it won't cover as many and won't be fully funded.
I was afraid of that .
