Full repeal
How about looking at the successful plans used by other First World countries
The US is a CONTINENT, not just a country No one, not even the EU has ever tried to run a CONTINENTAL Health Care Program.We need a plan 4US
Size is irrelevant besides that Mexico & Canada are not part of the US They are on the same continent, Canada has national healthcare
Anything that has to be subsidized by the government is itself not sustainable. Even small states Mass. and Vermont can't get it to work!
It would be sustainable and cheaper then what we pay now The truth is the US has bought a lie that the insurance companies sold to us
5/5: when the .gov runs healthcare,the .gov has the power of life and death over everyone.Do you trust the .gov with your life?Please say no
I think you should suggest that all employers and governments in US stop insuring workers. By your arguments, all could employ more workers.
Now you want to listen? That's hilarious
i bet their ideas don't include: 1. insurance for all or   2. taking their personal insurance away to "help company hire more workers".
The Republicans have FAILED the American People in their promise to REPEAL and REPLACE Obamacare! IT'S A FAILURE AND SO ARE THEY!
visit GC Burkhead. People suffer because of laws you helped put in place, we just want you to work for us, not the other way around.
When laws did he help put in causing ppl to suffer?
The campaign donation, coal money and development, etc. Also you aren't from Kentucky so you don't know what is http://happening.lol 
You still didn't tell me @the laws he helped put in place. How @link to article or legislation I can read. I'm funny, like to see facts.
Also mountain top removal has really made some parts look desolate. He is alright but has lost faith with some who are NIMBY people.
Thank you for not giving up!
why you just gonna block it get a job we need a senator
Here's a thought 
Put everyone in a group that way everyone is in a large pool. That could be nationally.  insurance companies won't like
Dear Senator .let Obamacare takes its own course @POTUS said "!et it implode!" then ppl will c d truth, also it demands ppl to get chipped?!
Please stop promoting group health insurance. It'sthe albatross of our economy for 50 years.  It's the problem not the solution
Senator  what will it take to impeach trump before he ruins are country ?
I have been to Elizabethtown. It is a cesspool. What have u done for its citizens, Rand? Nothing. #BuildersGuild #MAGA
Rand, the biggest group you can form is the American people. You know them, We The People...support the General Welfare, single payer. DO IT
Like you and the other Kentucky Senator, we will never get a quality plan for the people. #kentuckysenatorsblewit
Go got it!
Thank you Senator for taking the time to meet with us this morning. We appreciate your support of small business!
Typical @RandPaul business owners are more important than ppl that have to rely on affordable HC. You need to spk with the ppl, not owners
Please ask @POTUS to ensure all of Congress/staff live with same healthcare as their constituents. 94% of voters want this. #DoItNow
Why should employers shoulder the burden of healthcare? #SinglePayer
GOOD JOB PAUL!
I guess you're a lot better at talking about it!
SS numbers being used for private accounts is a BIG mistake, but fixable now. Why did guv allow this exposure of American citizens?
Cong. Keep it Simple, HC must be founded in competition, establish a tax like table based on income & coverage, let free enterprise fix it.
Get the gov out of health care, and those people in Medicare that Obama gave free health care, pay based on coverage and gross family income
GOOD!

Great news glad to see you working for America.





Let small business's form United States Health Savings Acnt Co-Op/Credit Union~Let us manage the $ & give back dividends 4 healthy lifestyle
Should have been doing this the last seven years & had a plan ready to present. We are tired of the obstacles & delays from GOP congress 
How about getting out of the HC insurance biz & just regulate HC providers? Let each of the states deal with health care insurance!
You need to do more to make the "establishment" listen to you. It blows my mind how they don't take the advice of a DOCTOR. It's all about $
free business owners from participating in employees healthcare
Hope they informed you that all of congress needs to be on the plan your deciding WE deserve
#StandWithRand
Finally someone listening to the people more than special interest groups!
Hey Rand . How about addressing your premium healthcare plans while everybody else enjoys Obama care. You hypocrite !
REFORM starts with REPLACING EVERY INCUMBENT REPUBLICAN 2018 #ByeByeRepublicans2018
Good for you, Senator. Be proactive because it ain't fixed yet. May a gentle elbow @SenMajLdr that moving on is not how you, pl, got elected
No way someone in congress is actually talking to doctors and not lobbyist to design healthcare. Keep up the good fight. #RepealObamacare
Maybe you should talk to some poor people, just a thought, being the representative from Kentucky after all
The ACA worked for KY Kentuckians like me with a preexisting condition repealing will throw KY back under the bus Paul doesnt care about KY
Neither do Democrats for that matter. If they did, they wouldn't be cheering for the maintenance of a right wing healthcare plan.
Thing is follks, Rand ain't listening. All that objectivism and AM radio has shrunk his brain.
Thank you Rand! You made some of the GOP snakes rear their heads in the recent voteWhen u & FRcauc vote yes I know it's moving to repeal
Repeal is necessary to allow the people of the US to fix the problem.
So glad Kentucky has Rand Paul and Thomas Massie
and what did you learn?
FULL REPEAL NOTHING ELSE!
Member owned Healthcare Cooperatives. Not .Gov/socialized medicine. Not crony-capitalist/socialist medicine.An AMERICAN solution.
You have to start with ins reform & torte reform! People don't want to spend 15 years in med school & not be able to pay off student loans
Please call for the ouster of Mitch McConnell.
I'm behind you on this. Common sense approach.
Randal, please spend less time in the hair salon and on TV and more time with ALL constituents, a majority of which want ACA fixed.
The individual market prices have got to come down, open state lines and hive heath insurance back to the people
Compromise: single payer catastrophic coverage for all, with needs-based deductible, and voluntary associations for everything else.
You're there for donations. Let's not kid ourselves.
That is so dumb
How about them coal mine jobs coming back, lol.

Now THAT is dumb.
You need to look at thiis and cut off the TV .virtually every nuclear power plant is leaking , http://www.netc.com/ 
Fukushima winds
Coal is dead but tinfoil hats are trending.
"Tin foil hats" You took the low road by calling names in the classic I have no valid argument so will go on attack . good day
When you start going full alex jones i know "valid argument" has no place in our discussion.
What does he have to do with a real time radiation link ?  Not one thing
Small group co-ops!!
Thank you for your valuable time & input. We need free market competition over states. Medical handouts are the first step of socialism.
Many people don't realize that the first plank of creating a social state is government takeover of healthcare,since it creates a dependency
@Michell09108814  
#Resist 
#Resistance 
#ResistTrump 
#ResistanceSummer
When your done go see the sisters of charity
Healthcare first!  No recess.
Give it back to the states
http://atlas.md/wichita   Dr. Josh Umbehr
Many want this. ^ Why not!?
How can you even face people anymore?
Americans getting double-whammy.  Paying for Unaffordable health insurance...and also Subsidizing the insurance companies.
Wake the hell up
Is @RandPaul the only one who cares about the little guy?
And I am sure you are hearing and agreeing the best way to go for all Americans is to #SaveObamaCare
So you have no idea on how to reform health care? And voted yes for the three failed bills?
Why does no one listen to your idea of group bargaining power? Interstate purchase of healthcare?
You need to explain your ideas clearly to Senator McCain, Collins, & Murkowski because they are completely clueless when it comes to repeal.
Now you're talking, get out of current box by finding better ideas on health insurance from those who deal with it daily!
Respectfully, I think less talk and more action is needed. Repeal and replace Obamacare. People are struggling.
How many more years do you need if 7 Isn't enough to sort this issue.
The president will sign your bill...lawmakers do your job.
Please stop talking reform and just repeal.any don't want govt involved in health care at this level.
I thought you did this in the past seven years?
Thank you Senator Paul. Keep fighting, we are with you. No Single payer. Competition. We want our business to come back.
Got to get a healthcare bill that works. At least, repeal it@@
Vote out everyone next chance we get. We've been sold out enough by the swamp.
Please Senator Paul please vote to stop the taxpayer subsidies for Congress & staff.  Middle class can't even afford a physical.
I say we cut your insurance out and put you on the Obamacare Scam.
I have an idea to help small business. Retract the ridicules sanctions against Russia and get them and the EU to drop theirs against us.
Atlas.md - https://atlas.md/wichita/ 
See, the problem here is the continued idea that business owners ought be involved in employees medical/insurance at all. FDR Era socialism.
Here's a novel idea: get the government completely out of where it doesn't belong. But since that's not going to happen...
#ArticleV
After 7 years of  doing Zilch prep/research on health care, I'm glad to see RAND PAUL meeting with business leaders, investigating plans--
So, it's good that at the 11th hour someone is...talking?
No,  but it shows the GOP CAN LEARN. Pithy Rhetoric no longer compels lock step voting. Home work needs to be done on issues
GOP Congress are a huge disappointment. The voters gave you the power & this is what we get?
I think part of his problem is , he is only interested in preaching to the choir not representing most of KY or US's needs
Thanks for coming to Etown!  You & @RepThomasMassie seem to be the only sane voices on healthcare in America.
Want to see how fast healthcare can be fixed then just make all of Congress have the same OBAMACARE that we do & I bet it will be fixed FRI
I have relatives that live close to Etown. Beautifl landscape & town.
Senator Paul, why is govt involved in our healthcare? Open market over state lines? Get big govt out of our lives.
Get rid of health insurance companies
Excellent.  Please also talk to doctors hospital admin and democrats.  Please.  And thank you   Get a healthcare where all included. @vp
Why do you think he's the only logical person talking about our issues
