So should we just ignore the Russia thing? So confused. If Trump's got nothing to hide why not wait til the investigation is over.
If you actually read past the headline the head of FBI stated he regretted taking the position.  That is alarming enough to fire him.
It's an "appearance of evil" problem. It looks like our President has something to hide.
Trump is not being investigated. Russian interference is. Two diff things, investigation continues with or w/out comey
And u will buy any beach property in Kansas.
I assume you mean ocean beachfront? There are actually lakes with beaches in Kansas. But no, I deal in fact, not fantasy
He's already saved many jobs. And why would a Clinton supporter even bring up p grabbing? Get real.
We are not feigning outrage over the Comey firing. If you can't understand why a sitting Pres can't just fire someone investigating him 
Comey has said how many times trump is not being investigated? Russian interference is. Two completely diff things.
Comey has never said trump is not being investigated. Never.
He stated clearly, more than once, that this is a counterintelligence investigation regarding Russian interference.
And IF any ties arose from said investigation, THEN there would be additional investigations.
Trump is NOT under criminal investigation in any way, shape, or form.
Because a counterintelligence investigation is so much better.
Counterintelligence is referring to Russian interference (i.e. Hacking)
Sellout.  What must they have on YOU?  ?
If you actually read past the headline the head of FBI stated he regretted taking the position.  That is alarming enough to fire him.
When should he have been fired?
Doesn't matter when he fired Comey,  we'd see the same waterfall of tears from the left at any time.
Nope.  So how do you explain the Republicans who are questioning it? Who are "troubled?"  McCain, Burr, Corker, Flake, Sasse?
The same people who didn't like Trump being elected in the first place ? Lol
Enjoy your delusion.  Grand juries convened, indictments coming.  Trump's days are numbered, and that number does not = 4 years-110 days.
Alrighty,  I hope you take your disappointment lightly.  Over and over again.  Trump gets 2 terms
We need more like you Mr. Paul
Very few Democrats were actually calling for his firing.
I follow about 400 liberals on Twitter and none were celebrating yesterday. Why wasn't Schumer standing with Trump when it was announced?
What were the calling for on the day of the election ?  Your precious liberals
That would have justified firing Comey the day after inauguration. Not the day after a hearing about the Russia investigation.
Trump is not even the center of the Russia investigation,  Russia has been infiltrating for years.  So did Obama! It's global politics
One can BOTH  be outraged at Comey's mishandling of the emails AND be outraged at this despotic move.
For the record I can't stand Comey and how he politicized the FBI but this is a dangerous precedent to be setting.
To fire the head of the investigation that you are a subject of is dangerous to our democracy...this is what authoritarians do. Not the US..
Trump did it the right way!
CLAPPER UNMASK PRESIDENT TRUMP, HE SAID ONE TIME, EVERYONE FEEL HE DID THIS IN 2016, MAYBE NOT,  TRY 2013, 2014, DATE MONTH YEAR.
Are you for real? Sycophant.
you are such a chickenshit.  my 10-year-old has more courage than you. also, I think he's taller.
True, but the Democrats didn't want the president to do it Senator.  They hate Donald Trump and everything he does is outrageous, etc.
It's not about the man but Pres taking extreme measures to fire person investigating him. This is part of cover up or attempt at one.
All you critics fail to realize, @RandPaul was the only one who voted against confirming Comey!
Do you think it's cause he was fired at the exact time he was testifying about election tampering? But please, continue your "strawman."
Which dems?
Have you ever read the Constitution? You know the one you swore an oath to uphold? Oh, wait. Party over Country is your party's motto.
.@RandPaul is a disgrace. He puts party loyalty over country. A sitting President has fired the person investigating him.
Your commitment the rule of law in all cases is truly awe-inspiring.
The question is not about who wanted him gone, it is about the pretext for removing him. Past the point where he can claim it's bc clinton
Until he was actually gone.  No credibility left anywhere in the MSM!!
As stated before, it is about the pretext, until now trump has trusted Comey, changes his mind when investigation gains pace
Or maybe Trump just took to note all the hate/venom spewed by Democrats, most notably Senator Chucky Schmuck, "Stolen Valor" Blumenthal, etc
I have lost all respect for you. Fall in line with the rest you coward
For pointing out something true?
This has nothing to do with the poor handling of Clinton. This has everything to do with him getting too close to the truth on Russia.
Comey only made up laws to keep her from being prosecuted....what a trustworthy guy! Clapper under OATH, said there was no collusion.
At a time when a curious mind could consume every piece of knowledge in human history. You prefer a feedbag prepared by idiots.
Exactly, so you should consume that Clapper and others have said there is no collusion
Someone clearly just read Trump's twitter banner. That's not what Clapper said.
So you are denying the craven reality of this decision, or just rejoicing in your decision to change the subject? #unprincipled
In case your comments about being surveilled didn't make it clear enough that you're compromised, this cinches it. #GOPTraitors
You really are kind of thick. Dems wanted him fired, until we found Chaffetz leaked the letter, not Comey.
It's what they do. What the hell is up with Maxine Waters? Can you say that she may be a racist?
Rosenstein should step down if he doesn't appoint a special counsel to investigate Obama's spying! Biggest scandal in presidential history!
Throwing away your little remaining dignity and embracing the authoritarian, comrade? #FakeLibertarian
Boycott @SchiffGold now a George Soros controlled company  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tuIKDrNWCxQ&sns=tw … via @youtube
What do you expect from democrats
Image Obama Administration had fired him last year. I it is all timing.
you're the fake
it's always good to see Senators mouthing the Republican talking points you've been given.
not just Dems alarmed, Senator
I though this was a Mitch McConnell tweet at first.
Did you get a good price for your soul, Senator?
That was sour grapes. This is Trump covering his ass.
You are now part of the #complicit pool. Try to spin this as anything but ousting his investigator & lose all credibility. #TrumpRussia
Shame on you. So much for banging on about the constitution. He fired the guy investigating him and you're bashing dems.
You sir need to wake up!!!  Our country is being compromised because of all of this!!  Put the party politics aside and DO YOUR DAMN JOB!!
Not fake or hypocritical. Time to decide what matters to you more--fake and hypocritical support for @realDonaldTrump or the rule of law.
Their needs have changed.
To be fired back then, not after coney testified
Wow. Remember when you pretended to have integrity?
When trump barks that repubs should jump why are you always trying to out jump the rest? Why emasculate yourself for him??
Regardless. What about timing? Hello? This STINKS of a cover up.
And yet, notice how Obama exercised restraint and didn't fire him. Because it would have been unethical and suspect to the extreme.
It's not unethical to fire someone that is inept. Much like Clinton did the same thing when he was president.
Yeah, but you gotta admit, it looks reeeeeeeeaaaaalllly bad to do it when they're in the midst of investigating you.
They're not investigating Trump personally. Comey has said that many times. Russ.interference will still be investigated
The president is his administration.  Flynn is Trump because Trump hired him.  + coordination = collusion & coord is being investigated.
First, trump fired Flynn. Second, according to reports the info asked by committee was based off redacted info.
Trump fired Flynn after his Russian links were leaked to press. Sally Yates told him same 18 days earlier. Obama warned him months earlier.
If obama was worried about Flynn then why did he reissue his high level security clearance in 2016? Not too worried.
No fake anything, Rand How about if Obama had fired FBI director during HRC' s investigation?
They do what soros wants them to do. They can't think for THEMSELVES
It’s not our fault you’re incapable of complex thought and nuance.
History already hates you, pal. Hope it was worth it.
Senator McCain says you're working for Putin. True?
get em, rand!
Hell yeah
The sad thing is you lovely people see no issue with firing someone who is investigating you, thus interfering with the investigation
1. don't assume to know anything about someone based on a three word tweet
2. im not being investigated by the FBI, thanks for trying though
1. Your tweet suggests agreement with rands point
2. "You" referred to the subject matter of the investigation-Trump, not you. Your welcome
1. I do agree w/ Rand's point, but he made no comment regarding Trump
2. You're* - if YOU'RE going to debate, use proper grammar bud.
Please fire all those demorats
Comey should have been fired Jan 20, and that is also the day that we should have stopped listening to democrats.
Wait, you're calling others hypocritical Rand? Puh-leeeze. You're father's rolling around in his grave now & he's not even dead.
#sellout
In other words, Trump is ALWAYS wrong, eh?
Two things can be true at once:

1) Comey should’ve been fired for his handling of Clinton emails

2) That’s not really why Trump fired him
right on schedule
Could be leading the GOP revolt against Trump on any number of constitutional grounds but instead you're playing a Fox News pundit?
. This is so ridiculous.  Why not look through a filter that isn't dem or rep and actually use your own brain, if it's still there.
Dems have not b calling for his firing. If trump was innocent, he wouldn't care abt Comey's investigation. @HouseDemocrats @realDonaldTrump
We can object to his performance & still oppose clear abuse of power.  As an erstwhile libertarian, I thought you would do better than this.
And on the Silver linings score, my relocation to Kentucky means I can vote against you.
OK. We've been calling for a Special Prosecutor too. He gonna do that on our say-so?
How old are you?!  'Saturday Night Massacre' mean anything to you?  You repremand the guy investigating you for treason - not fire.
2/ And then the next day, you don"t meet with the representative from the country that hacked *your* country.  For you to defend this...
Nixon?
Retweeting Fox News?  You have zero cred.
Some of us are not Dems or Reps. anymore, and we can smell the stink from the WH across the country. Was seeing ur name assoc. w/ Russ. too.
Can we please move on to jobs, healthcare, the wall, and homeland security. Dems are going to oppose anything Trump does! Get something done
Souless! Clueless!
This behavior is what drives average Americans crazy on both the left and right.  babies 
At what point do you acknowledge the crisis instead of throwing the usual partisan crap around the room?
People on both sides were unhappy  w/ #Comey. It was time for him to go.
Hey Rand I think your toupee is on too tight.
You should RESIGN IMMEDIATELY @RandPaul and let a Patriot do the job since it's obvious you won't do it.
Lord have mercy on our constitutional democracy.  Keep us from the ravenous wolves.
We need an independent investigation with a special prosecutor in the Russia interference with the 2016 election. We need the truth.
Are you totally fake? You know that trump doesn't want to be investigated (tax returns?) this should have nothing to do with Hillary!
Hypocrisy and fake outrage?
President Donald Trump once cheered FBI Director James Comey for the same reason he just fired him: http://cnn.it/2pykdid  
Any chance Rand  and Potus could become co- workers on mutual programs
Mr. Paul,

Your right, he's not our pick...it's the transparent motivation of Donny that everyone is objecting too.
Let's keep it straight
So naturally you're calling for a independent investigation into #RussiaGate to make absolutely sure the firing wasn't part of a coverup...
idiot
When will people get it through their THICK skulls that Trump/Russia is not a partisan issue? LOOK at who is Trump's guest this morning.
LOOK at the ppl who have been fired and figure out what they have in common.
Seriously? Says the idiot asking if PBO "unmasked" him? Called for it months ago...not for months. Facts matter. Verb tense matters!
Schumer has 2 mouths: both smell the same!
This is about the abuse of power on trump's part.    Pure and simple.
That is NOT the point. We R not all morons like those of you in Congress. Yes, Ds called for firing. The reason for it is in question. HELLO
Quisling.
Get your party members heads back in the game and fix D.C. You guys are becoming unhinged and a bunch of individuals.  #maga #healthcare
Lol, they are the biggest pieces of shit I have ever seen,lol
Does it matter? Does it change the facts here? You are a disappointment.
And Trump has been praising him!  There's the hypocrisy!  I know you're not this stupid.
Looks like you got the talking points this morning

I used to respect you and thought you were a true independent thinker, unfortunate you are choosing to defend the indefensible
Used to respect your view pt. #russiagate  Who's the hypocrite now ? American values must "trump" politics! Showed your true colors.  SAD
I think the timing of his firing is oddly transparent enough to illicit a major crisis and a major investigation.  If you don't see it? Well
#StandWithRand. Yes they are such hypocrits no matter what they say anyway they know why they were part of the lies n deciet
Then why did @realDonaldTrump wait until NOW to fire Comey? Come on @RandPaul, you're smarter than that!
We don't care about his misdeeds on in election. We want him to continue to investigating Russia.
Then do it months ago....
No. Clapper first said "Not to my knowledge" then in May, he said he had not known of FBI's investigation. IDK does not equal "no evidence."
It's a smoke screen because they are all knee deep in the swamp!!!
POS..ppl can be outraged at what Comey did last year and still think what happened last night was TERRIBLE!! It's not one or other
You really should dry up and blow away.
And #45 blew him a kiss if adoration ... stop your hypocrisy.
If Trump had fired him on taking office, Dems would have cheered. Big difference for Trump  to fire person in charge of investigating him.
Fake outrage?!? One thing I've learned about Dems is the outrage is always real, rarely justified, and only serves to prove their hypocrisy.
Hillary needs to go back and hide in the woods real fast never know what might be coming
yup just fall in line your day will come to
How much did Trump pay you on the golf course?
Trump didn't fire Comey to do the Democrats any favors. If you believe that you must believe in the Tooth Fairy.
Oh right, you're from Kentucky
lol, Rand Paul, the guy whose main achievement in life is getting his Dad's email list so he could fleece ignorant morons.
Someone impeach @RandPaul while we're at it. Country before party.
Cowardly response Rand
WH reasoning that they fired him bc of how he treated Clinton is UNBELIEVABLE. Timing REEKS #coverup 
when will you put #CountryOverParty ?
So to be clear because you are up for reelection in 2020 @RandPaul you have no issue with the timing of his firing? Not suspicious at all?
Long-time fan of yours. I know you opposed Comey’s nomination, but don’t you see the issue of Trump firing the person investigating him?
Almost as if we can tell something is fishy even when it fulfills revenge fantasy. Imagine that.
Again, McCain was right, you are already compromised by USSR
There were at least a handful of Republicans in the Senate I still liked and respected.  You were one.  You've lost that now.
I can't with them. I'm in Boston and I saw a Hillary 2016 banner hanging on a fence and CNN on in the hotel bar ! Move on already !
Yet you don't help create a special prosecutor for the Russian involvement in influencing our election. DO SOMETHING!
Programmed robots
Obstruction of justice should not be a partisan issue, sir. The fact that all wanted Comey out underscores his independence...
Time to investigate the investigators for covering up Clinton/DC corruption, Law & Order, they have ZERO on Trump OR already would b leaked
Sir, I am a constituent. Push for a Special investigation into the Trump Russia ties. If there's nothing the truth will set you all free
r u effing kidding me. why now then Rand?  Yes, he should have been fired a long time ago don't use HRC now as your shield!
Is it possible for you to put country before party?
You backed a flawed candidate and now your days are numbered. #PleaseResign
The country has stopped watching, listening, or believing to fake news and can spot their circle jerk a mile away.
Dumbest Rand tweet ever. Rand's downfall since voting for Sessions has been epic.
Welcome abroad the Titanic sir.
We are waiting for you 2018. Coward!
You are becoming one of our @POTUS biggest and best supporters. Thank you.
Another putin puppet
It's a shame you used to have principles, but have now become a partisan Trump fanatic. Do you have no shame?
No more partisanship! Stop!
Yup.  Let's go the video tape.  Dem hypocrisy knows NO bounds...
And here's another crock-doc who failed in medicine and has violated his Hippocratic oath and the @AmerMedicalAssn
Oh, please. You're the biggest hypocrite. Sit down.
Nice perm
And Trump has been praising and supporting him for months. Trump firing him for being to hard on Clinton is the phoniest thing yet.
Seriously you used to stand for something. What happened to our defender of the constitution? Must have been some payoff. SO SAD.
Its not fake.
C'mon Senator. We expect more from you.
The 10-year term is to insulate @FBI Director from politics! You're smarter than this, aren't you? Seriously. #TrumpRussia TREASON
Time to invoke the militia clause of the Constitution to protect this great land from unpatriotic liberals & foreign elements
Jesus, is there no principal you stand for beyond party loyalty?
The Russian loving Republicans are amazing. Sell outs.
well ur right there, tell them that. The dems mascot should be two faces.

Thanks for providing more evidence that Libertarianism is political astrology
More like political Scientology.
Where is this take available? Genuinely curious.
Ignore them. Sheep only understand what they're told to understand.
Come on. Don't insult our intelligence. Of course this isn't why Trump fired Comey. You know it, we know it. Have some dignity, man.
what kind of anti-authoritarian are you?
This is a non-sequitur, non-starter, and false equivalency. So what? The story is DJT firing Comey. During a federal investigation.
Hypocrisy? If Clinton fired Comey while he was investigating her, you'd have been calling for impeachment.
Remember when you hates Russia? 
How's that cabbage stew d*ck taste?
You can be critical of Comey yet be disturbed by the circumstances surrounding his firing. C'mon Rand, you're better than this.
You are a leader and speaker of the people. Step up and take a bigger roll senator!
Sounds like you’re perfectly okay with obstructing an ongoing investigation.
Not true. Dems criticize Comey but have not asked for firing. Stop being so complicit in destabilizing our Democracy. Tired of GOP games.
If it can be demonstrated that his firing is related to Dem outcry and not Russian investigation then I think you have a point.

I've spent the last several hours trying to find an acceptable rationale for the timing of Comey's firing. I just can't do it.
You are a political sex slave.
Trump has now scuttled both the House investigation & Senate Investigation into #TrumpRussia interference in our govt. Fact.
GOP that do not fight for non partisan FBI head will show true colors on #TrumpRussiaInvestigation No honor, no pride, no patriotism
Oh look! It's the fake libertarian chiming in. Don't pretend to have principals now you half assed capitulator.
Wait...now you are listening to DEMs? Ok...get an independent prosecutor to head up commission to investigate Russia.
If Trump fired Comey bc of the emails, he should not have asked Comey to stay on in January.  Noose was tightening.
This from one of the so-called principled Repubs. LMAO then SMH.
It's not fake when it's obvious Comey was fired for investigating trump
#preach
You have to remember that @realDonaldTrump has President and an R in front of and in back of his name.  lol
You are being absurd and you know it. Be on the right side of history.
Discounting the hypocrisy, one cannot deny how inopportune the timing of such a firing was...
I thought you were supposed to be the GOP guy who stood up to the abuse of power. Did Trump slap you that bad?
