Back in Mayberry I wd hv agreed w/U But we live N a very violent society now that takes pot shotsAt cops&good ppl regularly!It'sAHard choice
people have the right to shoot back to defend themselves from bad cops; #police murdered how many innocent unarmed blacks since 9/11?
There R 2 factions of police out there today Those that hv no gd ethics & those that do. Most of t bad seem 2B N liberal states..like ours
how many terrorists are immigrants or foreigners and how many are Americans in police uniforms?
purposely...the feds want local police gone as they have no control over them.they stand between us and tyranny.
Much respect for you Rand but you are wrong here.  Gangs are well armed and the good guys should not be out gunned...
The #Constitution mandates a well regulated Militia #2A of the several states Militia: Entrusted with police powers. http://constitutionalmilitia.org/militia-entrusted-with-police-powers/ …
"No State shall...make any Thing but gold and silver Coin a Tender in Payment of Debts.." ARTICLE I, SECTION 10, CLAUSE 1
Rand you clearly think cops are dealing with flower wielding hippies but are mistaken
With unvetted refugees or known wolves within our borders we must be prepared for anything! Solve drugs wars and mental illness first!
They need them to fight for us if the Feds overstep. Just saying
#LOCKALLTHETRUMPSUP
Except Tiffany & Barron, but keep anon them, that#trumpblood is some potent,evil
@SenFranken@CNN
In today's world they are soldiers unfortunately. Your ok with civilians having any weapons they choose, so shouldn't our police.
Kevlar helmets, plate armor. armored vehicles are not helping anyone sitting in storage. Make the procurement process easier for local LEO.
No armament on vehicles...not war machines...Defense is a must for our men and women in Blue...
I agree Sen. Paul, This is why we have the guard.
Unless they are attacked by these weapons then they don't need them. This scares me.
With all this rioting you might need it
Agree
I wonder if you've asked yourself how the police would handle bellige rent crowds of ten thousand or more described as opposition rally
1/ @Rand Paul is only using this anti police safety issue to push this agenda
11/ what was the weapon used in Dallas? A replica of a AK 74 not an AK 47 open source info says this is the weapon
Our Police are being killed at a rate higher than Soldiers in the ME. Time to recognize THAT.
Damn straight
JEFF SESSIONS IS A BIG THIEVE THAT ORDER POLICE TO GET AS MUCH OF ANY CITIZEN AS THEY CAN. LOOK HIS FACE.

Norman Rockwellian Dept.
TRUMP LIFTS BAN ON MILITARY GEAR FOR LOCAL POLICE
http://www.madmagazine.com/blog/2017/08/29/trump-lifts-ban-on-military-gear-for-police … 
"No State shall...emit Bills of Credit" ARTICLE I, SECTION 10, CLAUSE 1, which was a term of art for paper money.
I agree 100%.
http://www.globalresearch.ca/the-terrorism-statistics-every-american-needs-to-hear/5382818 …
Maybe someone can stop the bad guys from using their heavy weapons against the police...this would at least give the good guys some protexn
This has got to be a violation of posse comitatus if not in action at least in spirit
I agree. Do not militarize the police.
It's kinda getting to be the same thing as a soldier. They need the protective gear.
Totally agreed. Our socialist police depts cannot be allowed to be run as socialist military units. Clear negative effect on our freedoms.
Smart
IT'S ABOUT TIME that our police received the vehicles they NEED in places like Charlston, Detroit, Chicago, Baltimore & DC. All Dem cities.
You are a fool
DUMP THE RINOs in next election.
4/ how did the 1033 program start someone might ask? Well it started here
3/ u can find that here https://archives.drugabuse.gov/pdf/monographs/103.pdf …
2/ this agenda calls for the freeing of so called "non violent " offenders even tho illegal drug sales are tied to violence, domestic abuse
The line is being eroded because the criminals have become more radicalized and violent.
The thug's are armed with dangerous weapons we need to ARM our police Call it what you will they need war machines
Better to give to the police in our country than give to another country that will use in terrorist act or war against civilians.
Get with the times. Were at war as a nation. Give the cops whats needed due to that. Will you just shut up. Ur bullshit is gettung old
You are so correct. Please keep up the fight!!!!
Shut up rand paul!!
As Dan Bongino often says "it is better to have the equipment and not need it than to need it and not have it".
I heard on the radio that some of the things that the military is giving to police are not war machines, yet things like flashlights. I say
Take the war weapons out of the give-away, if there really are any.
Trump and Sessions on the way to martial law with police having war machines. Don't  trust Trump& entourage.
Not often I agree with Rand, but he's correct on this issue.
Tell the bad guys who are shooting at them Senator a bullet is a bullet whether it's meant for a soldier or a cop.
Thank you @RandPaul for standing for the Constitution.
So true Senator.
Politicians would be wise to realize that every new law is another instance where cops are thrust into confrontation.
How about giving them to the people who paid for them?
Sometimes what comes out of your mouth is stupid
Police should have whatever they need to protect themselves from rioting thugs.
Until they decide you're the thug...
casualties mount up. This new wave of violence is going to only get worse. Show force,use force, and end it now. They're not for peace.
a well equipped PD? Otherwise the local National Guard units must be call out to maintain order and protect property. End it now before ...
As we see in Berkeley,police don't intervene for fear of their own safety. Just what these anarchist groups want
 Think they'll riot against
Either way the end result is what the radical anarchist left is pushing for.. to totally disrupt America and bring her down. Pay attention!
equipment. It's either that or call out the military every time one of these militant groups shows up to destroy communities. Take your pick
Look at what the local PDs are up against.violent groups that wage War on US citizens. Police can't contain these groups without the ......
I would agree with you if, BLM hadn't declared war on the police!
No concern about white nationalists?
Yeah. Why would you want to give better equipment to men and women trying to protect us?
Seems that's what happens when a lawless society is created. No one should be above the laws.
Some of the gangs they go up against are better equipped then our military. What would you do? Ride along with them a few time - eye opener.
The line between criminals and terrorists is being eroded too
HE SHOULD BE ADDRESSING WHAT HE PLANS TO DO WITH THE COMMUNIST UPRISING AND VIOLENT PEOPLE DESTROYING PROPERTY ASSAULTING PEOPLE
You are wrong on this one . Most departments are getting equipment they can use , not tanks . Remember the North Hollywood shootout.
So one incident 20+ years ago means all delta down to one light towns should have access to this equipment?
Except it is a war out there. Worry about your state. Mine can decide if it needs equipment.
Senator Paul why are you so set against Law Enforcement being well armed to protect and serve Americans?
THERE'S NO REASON FOR LOCAL POLICE TO HAVE MILITARY WEAPONS.OUR MILITARY WEAPONS ARE TO BE USED FOR WAR AGAINST FOREIGN ENEMIES
So are you implying police don't deserve the best protection money can buy??
the cops , the law are in a battle against armed idiots pushed by ESPN, NBA, NFL & many media jokes
Get Rid These Old Devil's
Y'all are wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong!!!!
Rand slams cops who served active duty military.good way to lose Veterans
You're living in the 18th century. Welcome to reality, Senator!
I see you support BLM you want dead cops
Arming the police against this violence is not the problem corruption is so @RandPaul go after corruption not adequate equip for police
Looks to me as it might be necessary for short term to take the resistance/violent haters out of our country
Only by fools like you
When you have some areas that have high enough crime and or protests then you might need some military equipment. Or natural disasters!
Don't be LAME. There's war on our STREETS NOW: ANTIFA - GEORGE SOROS. Arm our WOMEN & MEN IN BLUE. #BlueLivesMatter
GIVE THE WAR MACHINES TO OUR LOCAL POLICE DEPT. EXAMPLE: #HarveyFlood #Looters #CajunArmy being shot at. PROTECT THE BLUE.#BlueLivesMatter
Keep going, Rand!  You're one of the last hopes of this country!
Unfortunately, so very true.
The only reason politicians don't want police to have real weapons is out of fear think about it!!!.
Just wait until Sessions and Trump for the SS.
Rand Paul, John McCain, Lindsey Graham. The dividers from within... #butthurt #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
You're grasp in reality is concerning
Hey Rand, come where I'm at. To late.
They want to be killing machines. Let them kill
They're not trained for heavy ordnance and they're skittish enough as it is. Keep boosting the signal.
Rand,  with the previous administration doing everything to erode law enforcement you should be happy for someone to empower them.
Rand Paul should reject the false appeal of Trump
Senator, BTW, cities can foot the bill if Feds don't help, they don't need your permission. Fix my health care
Senator, you are wrong. When SWAT teams don't have the equipment for active shooter, that's a problem. Maybe you can suit up and help
Like you Rand but NO the line is NOT being eroded. Police have to do what they have to People like #Antifa #BLM need to be peaceful protest
Let's just ask them what they need, not us.
Talk is cheap Dr. Paul. What will you DO to oppose this?
You are wrong about this... It was a horrible obama policy glad it's gone
Why?
Obama handcuffed the police they need access to the best equipment available
What do the police intend to do with bayonets
Use the pointy end?
So wrong. Police have always followed but mirrored our military both in dress and equipment. But the Hollywood shootout upped the ante.
Rand is correct
The AntiFa and BLM that are attacking our police are funded better than the armies of many nations thanks to Soros.
Give them a chance.
These police need to be trained to take care of the violence that is happening in our cities.
They may not be soldiers, but we need more help to stop violent protestors that are destructive to universities & cities around the states
Thank you Senator Paul. Get some legislation going to prevent this from happening.
Says the Dumbest Senator ever
This isn't Mayberry anymore Andy
They are adults & professionals ! The police should have access to purchase equipment they need, so what if recycled & more affordable!
So is our political climate and culture eroding. Thus the need for change. Open our eyes, troubled times.
This is the fast track to the people being the enemies of the state.  Our founding fathers warned us of the dangers of a standing army.
Have you seen Antifa lately?  BLM last two years?  Give our folks in Blue what they need to keep Law&Order!  #MAGA
BACK THE BLUE!!! 
One of the few things on which @RandPaul & I agree. You know, Gallup shows 57% of GOPs think their needs to be a 3rd party.  Libertarian?
Who is this Jeff Sessions guy?   Haven't heard a peep out of him since appointed.   Are we sure he even exists?
Really... leave this to " we the people" and we can stop a lot of this crap!
Very true. But will we is the question
When protestors are vicious why should the cops not defend you and themselves
And what do the police say about this Rand?  Why are you picking this fight?  So many others you should choose. Disappointed in you.
1- When we allow groups like  Antifa & BLM to run amuk, threatening all, hiding identities, terrorizing citizens, destructing property, then
2- we place our police in horrible situations and we have a duty to allow them protection. The Left / Media have made this situation bad!
Can it negative nancy. With all the rioting and the war against police these days its a smart move. They must be able to defend themselves.
This isn't riot gear (which they're already equipped for), it's military equipment.
Im well aware of the difference. They  had it for many years until obama.
Right message, wrong time.
It's the lawmakers job to make smart laws that are not over burdensome. That will make enforcement much easier for our police.
If you dont work the streets and put your life in danger you dont know what the police are up against. Give them what they need
No it is not!  Supporting our police by providing equipment doesn't change a thing!
They are soldiers and they're enemy is the criminal! Antifa is breaking the law ergo criminals!
Mr. Paul has 24/7 armed security detail. Us "normal" Americans don't. Let the Police have their equipment.
Where I live we all got our own " Armed Security Detail" ... our women included in that detail! Try it ... you will feel better about yourse
Washington D. C. bubble and see how the real word works and quit the demagogue of our finest
With groups like alt Left and Antifa running amok, what do you suggest?
They shouldn't own weapons that regular people can't own
And yet again another reason the 2nd amendment is so important.
Then what is your answer to these thugs?
Dear Rand Paul , question - how can you erode a line that was worn away DECADES ago ?
With all the riots, destruction of property and harm to innocent people by #ANTIFA our Police need this! Support our Police, not ANTIFA!
N just what do u use against #antifa n #Klan
Not sniper rifles and grenade launchers!
Definitely sniper rifles hell yea pick em off
I wonder why police feel they need heavy armament? #Antifa #BLM are peaceful protesters who greet LEO with open arms
Gov. is leaving $billions of equipment overseas - donate to LEO so I don't have to pay twice for equipment.
I'm a 28 year officer in the Los Angeles region.  The police are not Militarizing and the 10-33 program helps us.  Speak the truth or ask!
You guys don't need weapons that regular can't own
Dude.....what does that statement even mean? Next time bombs go off at a marathon, or assault rifle sprays in a nightclub-call #barneyfife.
It's about time the cops can defend the people as well as themselves with any means possible. Defend not pretend
'War machines" LOL spoken like a clueless twit that has never served a day in their life much less faced a felon with a gun, total stupidity
In these times, our local LE is often the last support for citizens, why wouldn't you want them to have the best equip?
And the line between civil society and malcontents is too! This American trusts the police over the anarchists! We need protection!
Of our 2nd Amend Rights! By SELLING OUT the Chiefs readily issued Stand Down orders and the like ...COMMUNITY POLICING MY ASS!
Bullshit. Officers attacked need to have better fire power/equipment to overcome threat. Appropriate response based on assault is key.
On this one we agree, Sen. Paul.  we may not often agree, but I will admit and applaud when we do. and when we dont we need to talk it out
We need to add you to the non reelection list of turncoats
Normally I'm 100% with you & @RonPaul on this. It was the only Obama policy I supported. However...the situation has changed on the ground
Police and Fire Chiefs who can work the Grant System are highly prized ... those are the ones who lined up behind Barry O to support erosion
LE depts are para military. They are structured and operate like military. They are hated and despised by the very people they protect.
Many police dept have swat teams. These teams are the first line of defense. These teams need to have tactical gear for operations.
RP. Face reality. The police need additional equipment/tools.
People have more faith and trust of there Sheriffs and Police Chiefs than they do of our US Congress in making the right decisions
Sheriffs can be restrained as they are elected! I wouldn't trust a big city Chief as far as I could throw them... they have to be Political
I agree some what. Think about this most big cities are made of multiple counties and the counties are policed by the sheriffs. Just saying
there not soldiers, but look at what's going on. They have the right yo have proper defense.
AN INITIAL FLOOD of $ came with the passage of law and continued to flow thru a GRANT SYSTEM! Just like they gained control of EDUCATION
Its tactical gear. They use words like soldiers and war machines to make it hysterical. Stop being so dramatic.

Rand Paul I support you on a lot of views but you don't know what you're talking about. We need to keep our police safe and equipped.
@realDonaldTrump when are Republicans going to put country before party?  You've got to stop him before millions are killed. He's deranged!
Why can't they have the used equipment if it saves their lives. Take a ride along in Chicago I am sure you will change your tune.
Here's a question that Every Republican Must Answer...
Why DON'T the rules apply to the Trump Administration?
https://twitter.com/ConstaContraire/status/902297521464020992 …
The drug they all chased ... the drug that slowly eroded their local autonomy & directed it towards Fed. Control & needs was of course MONEY
Bad guys are able to purchase military-grade weapons. Our police should have access to bigger & better. Having surplus is good: Ending wars.
MRAPS are bullet proof trucks. They are NOT a weapon. Bayonet's are a KNIFE very similar to any type of hunting knife you can buy at WalMart
Walk around with a hammer and everything starts to look like a nail...
The line was eroded with fast & furious, ISIS, & Obama demonized the police and took thier weapons away, so they have to be prepared!
Fool!
Officers on streets caught bad guys.. it was all to do about organizing the city/county level gov. In such a way so as to give them the drug
With any luck, RINO Rand Paul will soon be voted OUT of our Senate and drained from the Swamp for good.
Rand is what a Republican should be; small gov, fiscally conservative, pro-freedom/liberty, defender of the constitution. Trump is the RINO.
@RandPaul something got to be done for crying out loud look places in ur own backyard "Louisville"come out your Tower take good look around
Except that some of the equipment is needed to stop terrorists $ criminals who are too well armed!
So what's the answer to violent protest? Activate the national guard and give them permanent posts in every major city?
I think we need a reversal & some healing. Cops & civilians need to get past their fear of each other and interact during non-crisis times.
Cops are important. We need them for protection. But we do not need militarized SWAT teams breaking our doors down looking for "terrorists."
Also, we need to do everything we can to educate people that these "protesters" are paid instigators and their useful idiot sheep.
Once folks figure that out, there will be fewer sheep, and the people will realize they're being played and stop getting hysterical over .
Amen @CBNGordon @POTUS @HealthRanger @RandPaul @TGowdySC @700club @marklevinshow @SandraSmithFox @ericbolling @KennedyNation @FoxNews
Problem is the thugs in the streets think it's a war so I'm not sure the police don't need extra weapons if it all goes south.

You aren't thinking clearly this morning are you sir?
If People think that Obamas Army is just a story you better think again, he has Training for BLM and AntiFa for Civil War. Arm our Cops
The Federalization of Police started with the vaunted " Community Policing" Leg.. it was a Prog Left plan that had nothing to do with how
I am concerned as to what is going on...
You are wrong.  We now have ISIS, thanks to you and Obama, and our police officers come first.  Support our president!!
Well said
When civil unrest escalates into chaos and your family's threatened with bodily harm or death, your police will need to upgrade weaponry.
This is not Afghanistan sir it's America, they don't need military style weapons. The police have been compartmentalized...
It's not the America I grew up with, or my Dad or grandparents. Do you lock your doors, worry about your kids playing, or trick or treating?
The VIOLENCE Going On in The Streets of Our Country is War Drugs are Fueling It
POLICE Need All The Tools They Can Get to Restore RESPECT
Remember when @LAPD had to borrow weapons from gun shops to deal with TWO bank robbers with full-auto AKs? Of course you don't ...
Cops are already like gangs with the secrecy and "don't snitch on a fellow cop" mentality. Why do you want them to have more power?
You are just sin ignorant .you are the reason we need to stand with our police.
You say I'm the ignorant one but you're ignoring the facts
Hardly ...I try to look from all viewpoints,ignoring nothing
I have a crazy idea @RandPaul ! I know you're leery of "socialists", but maybe you can work with @sensanders on legislation to resolve this?
REPEAL COMMUNITY POLICING and u remove a big chunk of Federal influence that have moved PD's away from their true missions!
And that is slippery slope. Militarizing the police is like declaring war on us US citizens.I support Trump but not on this one. #NoTrumpBad
SenPaul I'm sorry but you are wrong our Law enforcement officers are in a WAR they are often out gunned by criminals with automatic weapons
Substantiate your claim with factual evidence please...
Quote from WSJ 'the gunman had stockpiled weapons in his home and was targeting white officers with a AK47 type weapon' Dallas Tx 2016
Amen Rand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ECQqGbqET0Y … What are you doing about the #Awanspyring Congress spy ring? @jeffsessions #McCabedirty #FBIDIRTY
If fed govt/police don't start dealing w/ democrat terrorist groups Antifa and black lives matter, Conservative patriots will. Clock ticking
What will you do about it?
The line is being eroded because the line between peaceful protesters and terrorists has been erased!
Police need proper equipment to deal.
No, it's not. When you have police raiding drug dens where the criminals have fully auto machine guns, the police NEED protection!!
Maybe you should stop supporting this Pres totalitarian positions then?
I bet Houston acquires some deep water transports, easily affordable from military surplus.
Have you not seen the effects from Antifa ruling the streets?  Do you like all these highway shutdowns from protesters?
