Then when do the impeachment proceedings begin?
They will.  As I’ve predicted Trump will be gone sometime in 2018
Dude your just a puppet 're DumboRATS has already destroyed the party, thank God!!!! Dumb fuk
The results from December 12 tell me the party will be just fine.
I wish you were right...but China and Russia will more then likely build an alliance against us...possibly Iran as well.  They are allies
Great we are on team terrorist.
You do know Obama dropped 13k bombs on Syria last year, right? Trump is a small hands bomber.
Well quit whining about it and DO something about it you twit. Put forward a resolution condemning him OR SHUT UP. Just another politician.
Are you nuts????. He wants to bomb everyone.  How about peace talks?. First!
Resign Shannon. Yes, I am a survivor. I was shot in 1990 in Detroit. #resignshannon
That did not stop Obama - Yemen, Drones, Syria
Similar things have happened with other presidents. Our leaders need to follow the constitution.
I support many of your positions but stand with Trump on this one!
President doesn't need Congress permission for 60 Days. By the time Congress made a decision, we would be taken over, Lol They're Useless!
He did. With top Congress on need to know basis.
HE WAS RIGHT IN WHAT WAS DONE. ISIS IS RUNNING OUT OF HIDING PLACES BECAUSE OF IT.  THAT MAKES US SAFER...NOW GET RID OF ILLEGALS!
Didn't Congress give him war act authorization during the Bush years which were formally declared a 30 year war at the time.. Still at war?
. If Trumps waits for Congress-Nothing can be done except World Trade Centers incident repeated
Does the President need Authority to negotiate with a Terrorist country ( Iran ) like Obama did.not 1 peep from you on that!
He has bombed Syria twice so far; what Congressional authorization did he have?  Obama asked for authorization and mitchy-boy ran and hid.
when is CONGRESS GOING TO STOP PLAYING THE MONEY AND DIVIDE FUCKING GAME AND DO YOU JOB !! 
YOUR JOB!! READ ARTICLE ONE AND PLEASE MAKE EVERY ONE OF YOU READ WHAT @realDonaldTrump 'S JOB IS TO HIS LAZY ASS !! 
IT IS NOT APPARENT HE ISNT A KING !
#Impeach this son of a bitch for #WarCrimes because thats what he is now a war criminal. There wasn't any evidence Assad used chemical weapons period.
Israeli Secret Intelligence Service = ISIS.
Rand Paul, sometimes you just need to SHUT THE EFF UP. Seriously. Trump is doing what we voted him in for!
So....is anybody doing anything?
Sounds like someone stepped on your toes and now hes not your friend.
@jthomasfl with the present warmongering and completely owned congress, it was a moot point, duh, they all suck
Did Truman have it?
U & I both know @realDonaldTrump like past Presidents only care about approval ratings when public is against them. Monica missiles anyone?
On the bright side...Fox says grateful Syrians will name their offspring Donald. Meaning no Syrian will ever be named Donald. #trumpsucks
you sir, is who I wanted for president. Anyway, yeah the constitution is going to keep getting raped regardless. what can we do? I ask you
There is ONLY one who can press "that button" and ONLY one it was handed to. BULLSHIT! HE IS CHIEF IN COMMAND he doesn't have to wait  4 no
Disturbing! Nepotism, lying, accusing civs of crimes, Alt right staff, alleged collusion w/ Russia.   He does whatever he wants!
Congressional authorization, my arse.
Probably the ONLY THING I agree with you about.
NO HE DOESN'T!!!President is CIC 4 reason,quick action,Need Congress2declare war.HaveUsold out,areU1of them,haveUlost your honor?
Apparently that's not a thing anymore...
Apparently the constitution doesn't carry much weight anymore thanks to our corrupt government.
Senator what did to those babies, he did to Humanity and Humanity is required to respond >>>
Contain this !
Thank you!!!!
Let him know that, for it is obvious that he is in the dark. Too much power in wrong hands. DANGEROUS!!!
Why are you all letting this president do whatever he wants. Where is your backbone?
.  So you can kick the can down the road forever.  How many more need to die.  J A
For once you are right!
He had the right constitutionally. How about Obama by passing Congress with executive orders all the time?
Proving a nitwit that does not understand POTUS authority. As retired military, I do. POTUS required congressional approval to Declare WAR!
Apparently you too, think We the People are dumb...
Please support our President.
wrong. Title 50 US Section code
Why don't you introduce an impeachment bill? Because it'd get as many votes in Congress as you did nationwide in 2016. Few care.
Of course, that's why he got it....Not!
Question RAND even the time National Emergency or imminent threat to the USA andora's forces thru out the globe. Isn't that why he is CIC
If he asked congress would leak it to the enemy.
Obama drew the line, Assad smashed it, and now the world sees a real enforcement of boundaries
That's why you're not the President, Mr.Paul. Trump has 60 days to deal with Congress.  The element of surprise was important and effective.
You sound just like a libtard.
Politics. You are wrong. That was the right thing to do. Do you want to go back to obama's ways? , he never take action against terrorism.
What has this president ever cared about what he should do?
No. President does not have 2 have Congress support. Liked u but u need 2 support President & stop spreading lies! @realDonaldTrump
1st smart thing you said since this narcissist became president
Why do we always have to wait for an American to be killed before we take action?
. Rand, Rand, Rand, like this administration or YOU people in the Senate do anything as requiered by the Constitution. #Hypocrites
I implore you to reread the constitution and the war power act!
Rand, I would agree with your, if COngress this term could agree ON ANYTHING! But you dont, and time is of the essence on military.SO NOPE.
Congress DENIED Mr. Obama who went about it properly. Yet, America's 45th POTUS talks w/ a few folk and orders a strike. Hypocritical!
No more leading from behind. As a voter that is my stand.
No duh
IMPEACH THIS NUMBSKULL!
Apparently not
It's obvious you don't know what the constitution said or what it means give it a break you need to go home
So why don't you speak this truth to power senator?
seems this Potus tries to do whatever he wants and none of you stop him, his family or loyalists millionaires.
I agree, even though I think you're a disgusting senator
Except this POTUS; except this GOP...remember, Russia
What are you going to do about it?
No, he does not, if you read the law and look at history, you will see that this statement is not true,only for war
Huh Mr. Paul! The only time a president needs congress's approval is when he's declaring war on another country. Which he didn't
So what are you going to do about this then?
Then someone should tell @POTUS and @SenateMajLdr that...
Yeah - the Senate seems really worked up about that.  Just like they worked up about those emoluments.
Then theres that whole war powers act thing
you're right rand, but very few people have actually read the constitution and even less understand it.
And yet ... there he goes again
Launch 60 missles...cost 80 million. Another diversion by Trump to defuse his connection to Putin. Media shifts focus. Trump wins.
Do I have it right here? Did Trump consult Russia before the strike in Syria, but not our own Congress? Isn't that kind of a red flag???
You all need to stop talking about what the constitution demands until you're ready to enforce all of it. You can't just cherry pick
And any Congress decision also needs to be based in international law.
In 2016 Obama dropped nearly three bombs every hour, 24 hours a day (26,171 bombs) & U just let him do it, Hypocrite
@kevrishk
When Congress demonstrates they'll put America's security ahead of their own publicity seeking self-promotion, perhaps you'll be consulted
Are you actually gonna do something about it or just give more empty rhetoric? #impeachtrump
Sorry, but where does it say POTUS needs Congress to conduct military strikes? Did Clinton get it after the Africa embassy bombings?

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/syria-strike-senate-legal_us_58e814b0e4b05413bfe32901?1iw …
So, basically the @GOP doesn't care about legality.
How reassuring for the world.
Also some kind of coherent plan informed by experts here and on the ground would help and by that I don't mean his feckless son-in-law.
THIS POTUS seems to think he can do what he likes when he likes ..he needs to THINK b4 he acts....it's all about the glamour and not the job
The way you cherry pick what parts of the Constitution matter cracks me up. 
#ArtOfTheCon
Shut up. At least he did something besides argue amongst each other.
So do something about it Rand! CALL FOR TRUMP IMPEACHMENT
The @POTUS will strike congress next, also without Congressional authorization!
In a nation of murderers and butcherers you don't need permision to kill people, you need applauses and cheers
Not here since us troops on the ground
actually, you're wrong...and i think you know it, which makes it worse
True, but the dictator does what he pleases..
I voted to allow the president to protect us and keep us strong. His actions were quicker to the point then any POTUS in history. Hail!!!!!!
Or wait for you to talk and get permission. Grow a set. Trump's got big balls.
That's simply not a true statement. Please read the war powers act.
Well all of you are sleeping. Keep up.
He did not act illegally. He will include congress. Settle down with the tirade.
The Constitution? You mean that document the GOP, military and national security establishment piss on? We have traitors in our midst....
Need to change some laws providing blanket authorizations 2 determine how and where 2 'fight terrorism':
Not a specific state & asymmetrical
Brush up on the,War Powers Act, for starters.
as a Senator, you should know this is a false statement
BS
But there are already boots on the ground & a war that's 5 years old! Do you not know this? You can't be that stupid!
The Constitution requires and forbids many things. You  & your republican colleagues enforce none of it.
Shut up dude
The president is commander in chief of armed forces not congress He must notify you not ask your permission there's difference
nope only to declare war. Otherwise he simply has to notify you that he committed our troops to military action.
Are you crazy ?!!'
So did Congress refuse action like they refused to let Obama strike following Assad's  first gas attack? Did Donny go rogue? @BobbyO_
He didn't let on during your round of golf? You can't have it both ways. Who are you working for?
@RandPaul I agree 100%. It seems like a big joke to me...already using airport, gas wasn't rendered useless, Russia was told but not Congres
@Varidienne You were just buddies on golf course taking healthcare away from ppl. What a nest of vipers. 
Wrong. You should know this, Rand.
@KellyAnnPolls I disagree, keep military action secret! Too many loud mouths letting enemies know our plan. No trust
Oh shut up.! Don't u realize God is in charge here?  President  Trump is Gods man of the hour!!  . Stop bickering.  U Can't outsmart God!
When does he ever follow the constitution? Apparently it's optional. There is no rule or law that applies to Trump; that has been proven.
Senator Paul, did #45 get approval for his attack on Syria? Why is he still in office? Is he really smarter than the whole US population?
How many republicans actually care about the Constitution?
Apparently none of them.  Also, if he broke the law, why hasn't he been arrested?
Why tweet it? Someone in Washington should hold him accountable! Until then, it's #Lip service
I just saw you golfing with him now he need your permission
that's basic checks and balances that you learn in tenth grade history...c'mon senator.
the president doesn't need authorization from congress to attack another country. congress is only in charge of declaring war.
Section 4 of 25th Amendment: DT "should be replaced if unable to discharge the powers and duties of his office."
Take friggin Break!
Therefore no, he does not need congressional approval to engage forces
Lot's disagree and BTW, you guys can't get anything done in reasonable time.
The President must notify Congress within 48hrs of troop placement & can keep troops in a country for a maximum of 90 days if not approved
The missiles launch were costly and ineffective. Trump letting Russia know gave Syria opportunity to move what ever they needed.
It did not benifet the Syrian people at all.
I think it's up for interpretation.
Sometimes certain events need immediate attention !
And??????????? Who's going to stop him?????
I wish he had not acted so quickly. He should have sought advice from congress. I assume he got advice from pentagon.
I wouldn't take 'advice' from Congress on house breaking a pup, much less use of US military in response to ANYTHING!
Correction!!! Trump needs authorization
to go to War. Not a Humanitarian strike.
Stop spreading YOUR lies.
Congress is broken, the President needs action now, leaving you guys in the dust!
What does the title Commander in Chief mean if he can't direct military action???
Wrong - POTUS needs Congress to declare war not take military action.  Better Dr than lawyer, I hope
Nope! Did you even serve in the military?
Seems like the Courts and Congress are claiming rights to the Executive Branch-I'll never vote Rand Paul for POTUS
You knew this was coming @RandPaul didn't you? You only egged #Trump on by meeting with him and validating a #corrupt destructive @POTUS SAD
He is your 45. You are not any better than him.. . In fact you're worse stand by and do nothing.
@cl4ssicflick we aren't at war
not yet
POTUS as commander-in-chief did not need congressional authority he informed top people and had 48 hours to fully inform.
Well did he get authorization?
If not what is going to be done about it
The American people want to know
So when are you going to start impeachment  proceedings?
Rubio says he didn't need it cause he wasn't declaring war! Out of the mouth of another 
Nope. Only if looking to declare war. Military action can be taken without approval.
While I typically agree with you, I disagree on this point. For additional actions the administration should seek a broad AUMF from Congress
Where were you when W invaded Iraq Jerricurl?
You don't really KNOW the constitution, do you? President Trump doesn't need the authorization of Congress for what he ordered
Going to have to start calling @RandPaul the Chris Cuomo  of Politics if this keeps up
#ImpeachTrump then. @potus is not fit to be in office. Hes a danger to America. He & his team of Nazis conspired with Putin to fix election
The pictures of Syria after US air strike dont show an airfield was hit. Looks like they hit abandoned buildings. It was all a show by trump
#YeahRight!
What are you going to do about it?...... nothing
So sad that you are not the President
Not a problem, Skippy!  It was staged attack anyway!  #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Don't we already have troops / personnel on the ground already in Syria? Aren't they authorized?
Well, did he?
