I do not trust Rand on anything to do with war or the prevention of war. Him + his father are like liberals in this area.
They are two of few who are constitutionalists—nothing like "liberals." Current liberals are nothing but war mongers.
Yes...in your mind. Rand Paul+father have been pushing their "Pearl Harbor" strategy for decades. BTW, I voted for him.
What do you mean "Pearl Harbor" strategy? Are you trying to connect them to the false flag / gulf of tonkin in approach? Doesn't make sense.
Parking large # of our ships in one place. This is what happens when you eliminate Navy patrols across the globe. (Part of his agenda).
Wasn't my understanding of the false flag. The idea being that U.S. allowed all of their ships to be bombed + get new ships
I'm not talking about false flags.
If we're talking about Pearl Harbor, then the FF of Tonkin Gulf is part of this convo
ISIS is infiltrated our country & Europe... how dare you bring this up at 9/11 & #Benghazi while NK pointing nukes at us...
 how dare you 
We the People want R&R tax reform etc and urge you to step aside and let Gen Mattis handle the military decisions!
The problem is Sen Paul congress doesn't haveca backbone
Debate that's now the problem there is all talk no action tk the handcuffs off our military then maybe Isis wldn't exist thank Obama 4 them
Dreamer... As long as there is oil in the middle east the US will fight for it. Isis was created by gas hreed
Please keep on trying. We are with you
Ridiculous to go against the president!
Disagree with you sir. We don't need a debate on war. We need resolve.The resolve on the scale of Sun Tzu. No 1 wants war but we need2win it
be a last result and then only to stop it . like we did in WW2
I definitely believe this needs a debate.
Or better yet end the war
Thanks for your leadership! This is what we need. #RandPaul2020
#StandWithRand
#StillRanding
#StandWithRand.  #StillRanding always
Just shut up & sit down
Nope.... why didn't you bring this up under Obama?
@RandPaul Thank you for introducing this amendment. The MIC is going to make it had for you. Keep on fighting sir, the American PPL behind u
We need to stop pussyfooting around combat. If we call in the military it's all or nothing. Our military needs their handcuffs removed
Our military needs to come home.
I disagree on most things with you but not this. You are 100% right. I will call my Michigan senators. Vote yes on this & Medicare 4 all!!
most of us agree no one man should have this kind of power but why are you so against a single payer system ? ...
I supported Ron Paul's run for Presidency. I liked him far more than anyone else. But Rand Paul has disappointed me slightly. This is good!
President has to cross the aisle because you and the other Republicans cant agree on anything we voted for @realDonaldTrump agenda not yours
Thank you for keeping them honest.  We need more politicians like you
Yield back ur paycheck loser I have to earn mine . U should have to do it
I listened to your speech on need to rebalance powers. Appreciate your efforts on this issue. I am disgusted w/those who did not support.
Joker
Very interesting commentary on the expansion of the executive branch since 9/11/2001. When was the last time congress declared war?!
You are just dieing to get something passed with your name on it @ you are nuts!
Bravo please bring sanity back!
Read your quote about the middle east war on NBC news feed. I didn't think anyone in congress, the senate, the WH had that much sense! Bravo
You guys are the ones that have the president this power years ago. Sad you senators or doing everything you can to destroy or great nation.
Oh and by the way if anyone else was president you wouldn't even be standing up there.
Thank you Rand for being a true man of principle and upholding your oath to defend the constitution. The apple doesnt fall far from the tree
And what you really need to is let those fuckers know in CONGRESS  that THE America People have voted! I YIELD BACK MY TIME!
Thank you for trying. It was the right thing to do. I know your dad is proud.
How do you declare war on an ideology?
Well done Sir! Well done! Godspeed & God bless!
Maybe you should start supporting other legislation before you beg others to support yours
You should google before you tweet. Look up what he has votes yes on... lmao there is plenty there. This AUMF repeal is important
I urge you to support the President. I like you, don't blow it like @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Voice of humanity and wisdom, spend war budget for rebuilding hurricane damaged areas.
This is important. No American should be comfortable with these trigger-happy war-on-terror war powers. They should have never been passed.
Just to be fair, I do trust Rand on most any other subject.  He has been fabulous on health care issues.
So sorry to see this amendment fail - thank you for standing up for honest government!
Why is it so hard to have the senate and house follow the law? War isn't a power given to anyone but congress to declare and maintain.
Thank you for your splendid efforts Senator Paul   #RandPaul #statesman #integrity #Libertarian #honesty #rational
Dont give up my guy
No one seems to give a shit about anything on the senate floor. Pocahontas standing out in bright blue.
#AmericaFirst
You're on Twitter
lets talk about talking about talking while thousands die in the background #government is useless
table, motion to - The motion is used to dispose quickly of questions the Senate does not wish to consider further.
Plus if we delay war or stay out of it as long as possible this only means the fight will be longer deadlier and expensive. Take NK out now
lets just fucking kill everyone bro, it's gonna be so rad!!!
Proud of you m8
Very good Rand, WE need to control who can declare war on another country/ entity.
Congress should decide the will of Americans first.
once again, they are pushing it along down the road while simultaneously authorizing $100B mo money to fight neverending war
Let's not send our sons to fight their fathers' war.
Keep up the good fight and end the endless war!
: And please prevent the start of any new wars  #NoMoreWars @realDonaldTrump
senate is neutering the effort to legitimize the legislature
In light of the 26 page 9/11 report this government owes it to the people not to chase strawmen and correct it's path and apply it properly
USA like inboiling water. The vulgar masses of American Idiocracy chime in w/ "Rand looks weird" or "Rand is all alone up there"
NEOCONS won't have any of it.. great try though. War is $ and they want the flow of $ to keep coming.
: Very sad truth.
Your Speech on Senate Floor, Sen. Rand Paul, before Military Authorization Amendment, 11:15am CT. approx. TRUTH A GOOD DAY
God bless KY's beloved Dr. Rand Paul!!
We know where the war mongering nation builders like McCain are but where is your senatorial backup..this is hard to watch!
Sir: as a debate wood do: problin??? fact??? so you want to debate the end of security two??? & let a virus grow as ISIS did???
Please share how they vote senator so we can vote out those that can't uphold their oath.
Senator Rand Paul I highly respect you fighting against false wars for the interest of the greedy wealthy elites. #WeStandWithYou
How do we fix the problems already started? If not fighting, then what? I hate war, but we are vulnerable & Obama's do nothing didn't work.
Ha!  You guys can't get anything accomplished why would this country stand by and watch you debate anything much less National security.
Thank you for this. The responsibility should not rest with one branch and one person alone.
