I will object to all procedural motions and amendments unless and until my amendment is made in order and we vote on these wars
An attempt was made to run the clock on the bill overnight. I objected and am now sitting on the floor of the Senate to stop that
Tonight I sit silently to protest the thousands of American soldiers who have died over the past decade in these wars.
We have been there for 16 years. It is time for them to end. It is time for Congress to vote on whether or not they should end.
The Senate is now in a quorum call, unable to act because of my protest. This is why I sit on the floor, in silent protest.
And you are attempting to keep money out of their pockets....god luck
PLEASE do what U do best!!!
Enough is enough, get rid of that monster
And then what? Get into the Obama fetal position and hope everyone is nice to us? State sponsored terror is a big deal, u can't just hope.
Well...this certainly does not represent me, you Middlesboro constituent.  Impractical showmanship.  Yes I voted for you.  Yes I'm an R.
Is this your way of volunteering to go yourself?
Unless you've served in the military you aren't permitted to have a valid opinion about foreign policy?  Wrong on so many levels.
Of course non-military ppl can have opinions on FP - but when they send young men to die, they better be damn sure it's with good reason.
There have been several high quality cases made today that both Iraq and Afghanistan have kept us safer here at home.
Bollocks!

#SteveBannon Is Wrong: George W. Bush's Foreign Policy Kept America Safe Post-9/11 http://bit.ly/2xg8bR4  via @DavidAFrench #60Minutes 
Neither of those are considered "high quality sources".
America must no longer be held hostage under her enormous debt. Please prioritize spending cuts wherever possible
You don't think this war is a tremendous debt?
She does. Don't you see that?!
I guess I read it as other spending cuts first.
I don't know for sure, but I took it to mean nothing is off the table, including defense.
Yes, you are correct with your assumptions, Jean.
Good idea but no one seems to take you seriously, not even most citizens.
Do I feel a fillbuster coming up?

If we don't fight them over there, we'll be fighting them here. We've already seen that. 
Literal war propaganda to make sure we never leave and keep these wars going forever. We lost. Time to face the facts.
Good Stuff Rand.
Get your , @RandPaul is going on a twitterstorm about ending funding for Iraq and Afghanistan unless the wars are put to a vote.
Senator Paul, I would like to say Thank You for doing the job your voters sent you to Washington to do.
Thank you for being one of the only Senators to put the Nation before the party.
how bout stopping predator capitalism killing all life for gain in favor of new True Cost Economy Model free of aggression and competition?
wrong grasshopper..competition is a predatory model that only makes aggression..people work a life theme of creativity..rebuild entire world

norway happiest nation on the planet is socialist-capitalism...everyone gets health care, education and yearly stipend.nobody takes too much
history is..a trail of death, brown as a legacy of pooh and fools claiming "sacred doody" have shit it all up for jesus.
believe that amigo
Thanks. Somebody just tell me what a win in Afghanistan is; other than having troops forward positioned, locked and loaded.
Are you literally sitting on the floor??
He's good at sitting on his ass and not helping the President
He's the best thing for the president.
Please stop this incessant war. Please.

You're a neocon, Jimmy. Big difference between that and a conservative.
Why? Because I don't like Rands grandstanding?  All these people need to stop acting like children and do their jobs. Reelection only goal
Strong Language: George Carlin: "We Like War!"
I don't like war. Been there done that! But Rand and his ego caressing each other on the floor does nothing. Have a plan.  Haven't heard one
It's simple: stop spending, counter when attacked, and don't give others an axcuse to attack. That is all.
Okay, but why today? Why at this moment. Why not a month ago, when #trump and General Mattis were talking about it. Not a fan of war
Like BO did & created ISIS.. how about giving enough money so they can go over there and win the war once and forever
The creation of ISIS was in regime change.
YES IT WAS WHEN Obama pulled our troops Isis took over and Obama left him all of our equipment that was the regimes change
THANK YOU for often being a lone warrior standing in the way of the machine! But it's dangerous to go alone. Take this: @AP4Liberty #MOSEN
Missouri doesn't need a puppet like Rand owned by special interest donor
What!
Can't just stop. War is unpopular, but republicans and democrats hold the mess.
You're like the kid that jumps up and down going me me me me
Your husband would like a sandwich and you're just the person to make it...now
#NDAA is completely UnConstitutional. Stand strong Rand
Oh, really? How is the Nat'l Defense Authorization Act "unconstitutional"? Please explain.
Impedes on an individuals due process, habeas corpus, 4th, 5th and 14th amendments to begin with
TY for your courage to stand-up against the #MilitaryIndustrialComplex-- #Wars4Profit are destroying #US & #PlanetEarth. #Greed #Violence
Until we stand-up against #Wars4Profit perpetuated by both the @DNC & @GOP, we're doomed to be starved by the #DeepState-#Oligarchy. #Resist
Why would we not want our military in Afghanistan?
True patriots and lovers of freedom wish you the best and appreciate your effort. Support our troops by bringing them home.
Bring our troops home. Just bring them home.
Them what, hope and pray they don't have to fight on our own soil? What a dumbass idea
Idiot
Remind us which branch of the armed forces you served in.
Are you out of your fucking mind. You sir are a sore losing Moran.We are going to vote you out in 2018.Don't need you in DC.
I'll agree to end the wars when our government properly secures the wars from coming to us
LOL Name one War that's come to you?? Ha Ha Ha We will wait
I am USMC Infantry vet who was wounded in Battle of Fallujah in 2004. Thank you sir for giving a damn and having honor. #IStandWithRand
That's all we need to spend more money on the Military Industrial Complex.
If the AUMF actually worked, the Saudi govt, but more importantly--Mossad and our CIA would be toast by now...
Thank you, Sir. We accomplished our goal in Afghanistan in 2002. Why are we still there? Why are we funding terrorists in Syria?
Good luck!!
Do you guys get anything done? No center, Just my way or the highway
You make that sound so shallow. Saving the lives of innocent Soldiers who don't need to die for anymore corrupt Elite's is a bit important
Better than being the chickenhawk
Rand Congress quietly is killing US Drivers job in favor of Uber. Any thoughts?
.
I stand with the Paul's.
Iraq and Afghanistan are two text-book QUAGMIRES that needed to be ended long ago. Soviets were only in Afghanistan for 9 years!
Free Julian Assange  Now 
5 YEARS WITHOUT SUN is TORTURE!!!
Nobody is listening anymore...failure on healthcare and tax cuts has chased your audience away
God help US~These wars are so heinous~Pompeo is clueless as to the buildup of nuclear weapons in Iran-NK gratis HRC-Uranium1's 20% US supply
End transgender
Seriously??
I agree Senator ! Enough Already !
Please end the fucking war
#IStandWithRand Stand your ground Senator Rand Paul.  You're an amazing person and Senator!
A credit to your dad!
Full thread via @RandPaul https://tttthreads.com/t/907371631072497667 … 
reply 'block me' to stop…
You actually mean they are working lol
#StandWithRand
Are u for anything
Screw that shitty-assed Mineral Extraction Theft Bill which feeds economic inequality with citizens' tax dollars
What is AUMF?
Authorization of Use of Military Force. Congress allowing the Prez. to use the military without a declaration of war.
Thank you
You're welcome. I just did a bit of a thread on it if you're interested in more, AUMF is something I've gotten into recently.
I disagree with you on a lot, but I support you on this. Thank you for fighting
Put a stop to DEEPSTATE!,They are a danger to all Americans!,
Thank you for your integrity #NoMoreWars
They will always find money for defense. Tax cuts for the middle class? Not so much. Healthcare premium relief? Nah not today.
And allow the Taliban and Isis to regain control? Beating and raping and killing and enslaving?

When we abandoned #Afganistan in late 80s "we" created training ground for #AlQaeda. Learn don't repeat. @POTUS mission: kill #terrorists.
We chose this path long ago and for the blood we shed to take it we'll shed ours to keep it
God bless you
For the foreseeable future Afghanistan will be a strategic location for allied forces and permanent basing as long as there are terrorist
YES! Thank you Senator. #familiesofveterans say #Enough #BringThemHomeNow #MFSO #Homefront911
ISIS, and North Korea go
I wish you could! It's you vs the neocon warmongers: an impossible feat
Not a good idea with ISIS operating in Iraq in force! Also, if you look back at History, it all started in Afghanistan.. we need to be there
Fine, then follow the COTUS and have Congress VOTE on those wars.
thank you from a progressive.
Thank you for your hard work @Randpaul  Your attitude/perseverance give me hope that someone with heart and character working for us!
We r with you! @potus @IngrahamAngle @SpeakerRyan
Israel cost 10s of $Trillions http://www.countercurrents.org/polya270813.htm  Iraq war cost $6T http://articles.latimes.com/2013/mar/18/business/la-fi-mo-iraq-war-cost-20130318 … for https://www.globalresearch.ca/greater-israel-the-zionist-plan-for-the-middle-east/5324815 … #DumpIsrael
U r'nt moving to get nothing done!!!!
Keep up the great work!  #StandwithRand
Yes sir agree do it go protect another Country in need God Bless you 
Your father and all his supporters like me are proud of you. You carry on the constitutionalist principles of your father well.
Why you don't change your party? All are you doing looks like a Democrat.
The ppl from both sides u mention r tired to be afraid + to much oil to play with, one hand wash the other. Terrorism is awful Senator.
In solidarity with Rand Paul!
Take the world in a love embrace
Fire all of your guns at once and
Explode into space
I have no clue what AUMF is, Rand.
I just don't know what to say bro but we are as the Roman Empire. We are expected to police the world. As much as I hate to say it..
It is the curse of our manafest destiny
Don't fight against trump and embarrass Kentucky
What is your plan for the vacuum it will create? Do not think this is a good plan.
Damn, I wish he would have won the ReBLOODlican Primaries...
A true American Mr @RandPaul
Better vote for tax cuts!!!!
Thank you! No more senseless loss of life on either side and no more wasting American money on an endless war!
End this:  http://www.serendipity.li/jsmill/us_corporation.htm …
This is shameful. They need to fund the military immediately. No games, no politics.
Does the Senate worship the god of death?
Negotiate and pass Defense bill which will fully fund military!  Your responsibility!!#PENTAGON
Hang tough Mr. Paul more in that room than you know.  #HR2810
Quick thought US in South Korea for 60 years is there any chance they can defend themselves by now? We leave they give up Nukes Win Win ?
Why r we really there? Seems 2me it's Afghan poppy fields & $200 billion they generate w the producer getting mostly $crumbs 4 protection
Would you have pulled out of Afghanistan, had you become President?
Congress DUE U DUTY, FRAVKEN RIGHT.
Dont agree w/rand too often, but these endless wars need 2 end. Just big business 4 military industrial complex
MultiTril$ on US wars r 4 this Israel plan https://leaksource.wordpress.com/2015/01/17/the-yinon-plan-greater-israel-syria-iraq-and-isis-the-connection/ … pushed by traitorous Congress https://www.foreignpolicyjournal.com/2016/03/22/the-best-congress-aipac-can-buy/ … #DumpIsrael
Don't forget to do your job to support Robert Mueller's Trump-Russia collusion investigation
"Let justice be done though the heavens fall!".
Well Rand I hope you're willing to fight evil at your doorstep!! Please make sure you personally will go to the front lines here then!!
I support @RandPaul
All I can say is Congress and Senators better get behind Donald Trump or we're voting YOU out
Go Paul Go keep up the fight for whats Right :-)
So no more yammering about repeal and replace when the @GOP has total control over our lives? Good luck for 2018 losers!
We support you 100%.
He is standing with our troops. Your grievances would be better directed towards those working against the troops.
You realize holding funds until he gets his way puts the active troops at risk right?
No. He puts defense contractors at risk. DoD already has more than enough $$$. They just waste it on stupid shit.
Like
Missiles of which we already have an overabundance, a Littoral combat ship program that flopped, bureaucratic waste, buying foreign uniforms
BURN the POPPY FIELDS

You're hot garbage on basically every other issue, but this sounds solid.
Worth RTing. I'm down with ending war.
After Katrina, Harvey, Irma, west wildfires, we sure could use the $6Trillion Iraq cost for Israel http://articles.latimes.com/2013/mar/18/business/la-fi-mo-iraq-war-cost-20130318 … as US rots
We don't agree on much, but I am with you on this. Thanks for being an independent voice.
#OilWar keep the rich rich
Good luck! Happy to see they are at least working!
An article about @RandPaul's sit-in. It seems to help explain things. Written in record time I think.
Are you nuts?
pssst, haay buddy didja know that self gain kills life? that sucking a bloaty phat life means so many others live in the dirt? stop the cows
Whatever...................................
That would be extremely stupid
Thank you Senator Paul
Thank you Senator.
You are fighting the Good Fight but, as lonely as it must seem, you are not alone. Carry on ...
Good luck!
How SAD! It takes the distractions of national weather disasters and #MondayNightFootball to get Congress to act when not many are looking
What is the AUMF? Cannot find any info on it. Plz send link.
When is the senate going to talk about who was really behind 911?
Ppl, esp @RandPaul @RonPaul ppl, pls read tweet thread, things not as they seem. Many things have changed since 2001
(4) Let me explain WHY I support the Saudis.

You may have seen this.

…
Good luck 
And while you're at it, reinstate #GlassSteagall and end this fake "debt ceiling" bs. It's called #EndTheFed
Zionists aren't done raking in our tax dollars for war, their agenda for Greater Israel isn't complete. You know this, Rand, stop playin
Come on, dude. Just fund the freaking military. Don't play games with our soldiers.
Still a loser, eh?
Amend the bill to EXCLUDE tax payer funds for transgender surgeries !
You're a good man! Keep fighting the good fight!
Rand actually only honest man outa entire Senate+House. Appears others have sold out to money, cocaine, blonde girls - or all the above.
#DC
I  @RandPaul 
We support you Rand! We are working hard to get some more liberty in government. @AP4Liberty will be there soon! #AP4Senate #MOSEN
Thank you Sen Paul. It's about time.
Are you #upset because #regular #people are in the news? Nobody's stroking you #Ego, let the #ID take over Grow up and do more than obstruct
#senator
 What about yemen war ??
You want  war stop
Or  after long time
Congress should also focus on recover $Trillions spent on wars for Israel https://leaksource.wordpress.com/2015/01/17/the-yinon-plan-greater-israel-syria-iraq-and-isis-the-connection/ … by
but... if they don't spend all of that peace dividend money on never ending wars... healthcare anyone?
And to keep Obamacare? Thanks for that Rand
WHY did YOU ENDORSE known RINO Mitch McConnell in 2016. You KNEW who he was. UR a phony, Rand Paul. Bought. #MAGA
https://teamster.org/blog/2016/06/poll-shows-worries-about-driverless-future … you better protect driving jobs!
Not worried will employ a dozen or more..to build,run,legislate and recycle just one car
The teamsters won :) we will never see driverless trucks without a driver in our life time and thank God for it.
And what exactly is your plan after they all come home? Slam the door shut and throw away the key?

True patriot!
@potus needs to bring our people home. Were wasting money and life occupying other countries
#NoMoreWar Limitless spending on the military is a waste. Forever in Afgh/Iraq? I hope not >.< Too many politicians want WAR! THX @RandPaul
Keep fighting for the true conservative causes Rand! Soon you should have Austin Petersen in the Senate to aid in such battles!
This isn't a conservative cause you dolt, this is the typical PAUL's Isolationism, we can't just pull out of those countries
Way to think for yourself. But that isn't a conservative value. Guess you have to stick with bombing little kids for values.
Aaron what service you in? There's more to being conservative than what you've experienced in your short time. Come n talk when UR a Grandpa
Wanting to stop fighting terrorist on 911  you are on messed up dude. 
#WakeUp dude!  #Osama #OBL BFF is the Taliban they're in on it the whole time! Did you forget the 1980's #Mujahideen = #Taliban = #alQaeda
The Taliban had nothing to do with 9/11. They are a distinct group from al-Qaeda despite members of both fighting the Soviets in the 1980s.
God's speed be with you Senator Paul--GET OUT OF AFGHANISTAN & IRAQ,NOW!!!
I object to all of you Senators who've doing NOTHING to repeal O care, fix tax codes, or anything you promised for 7 years!! #VoteOutRand
Defund the Red Cross and investigate them for stealing donations from churches
thank you, You must run for 2020 president We are rooting for you!!!
I support @RandPaul
The very foundation of the bill is based upon my senator's lies. Most of the congress failed to call him out. Respect 2U from AZ.
behind you 100%, we are done
Time for the moron from Kentucky to get some attention. Since you weren't man enough to wear the uniform do the troops a big favor & go away
Just fuq all the way off, Mark
16 years is enough, if they want to do something, bomb Saudi Arabia!
So u sat alone, tweeting all day long? Let this North Korea idiot keep playing with fire, USA is going to part his hair differently.
I agree with him TIME TO END THE WARS!
Some people just refuse to learn.  Cut and Run NEVER WORKED, fools
It's not going to pass, but good try!
All you PEOPLE do is find more thing to screw the people.Thank God we have NOVEMBER
Lunatic, stop making it all about you, 1 guy screwing things up, and for what, clean the swap with Rand Paul's hair plugs.
Good luck.
I stand with you. These wars were ill conceived from the start.

You are right on this.
Rand Paul you are beginning to be heard.
More no comprimise. U were sent to legislate not dictate
