Name the last Prez who got congressional approval.... Not Obama, Bush, Clinton. Roosevelt was the last one
Actually bush43 got approval from Congress for 10 years after 9/11
wrong! Look it up and see what he really got and why it matters
Actually no I'm right. Bush 41 was given congressional approval for war
Your right. We went from Operation Desert Shield to Desert Storm with Congressional approval. Had family in that War
like I said. IT WASN'T A DECLARATION OF WAR! God research it. I'm not lying
@DrRandPaul are you that dense? This isnt war. Your ego is blurring your vision
It's not a WAR. Military action allowed by The War Resolution Act of 1973. Don't like Trump having that power Repeal it
Does ANYONE remember high school history? Haven't taken Con Law since law school. Still remember the Constitution.
If the president deems the situation critical and an emergency, he has constitutional authority to send a response immediately!
Also The War Resolution Act of 1973 is still viable. Gives pres latitude on military action
"On his say so alone" - still in force - #PatriotAct #AUMF #MilitaryCommissions https://www.opednews.com/Poll/Abolish-the-Tools-of-the-I-by-Gene-Cappa-100814-805.html … #ImperialPresidency
Nobody is starting a war. Chemical weapons were destroyed. Maybe not all were destroyed but many lives were saved. AMERICA IS BACK.
You have the right mindset!! Please stop this war!!
He is right Trump is being badly advised
You sir must have TBI, cuzzz you sure come up with some crazy stuff!
This is what's wrong with the Republican party!The whiney conservatives Grow a pair of balls! Stop acting like democrats rand Paul 
so why not introduce initiative to hold Trump Administration to account if not it's just words and air!
Boo hoo sue him
Trump train that hit Syrian airbase that gassed children was a shot heard around the world!
Sometimes it's best to do what's right and then ask for permission later.
WRONG AGAIN, SENATOR
Let alone base his decisions on fake news and the emotional outbursts of his daughter!  She has NO BUSINESS influencing military strategy!
S.J.Res.21 - Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against the Government of Syria to Respond to Use of Chemical Weapons
Your on the wrong side this time Rand! You're a big guy, admit it and let's get on!
Congress approval takes away the element of surpise, & you can't even agree on a healthcare bill, which is what your focus should be.
1st, this is not war.  2nd, you don't pick and choose what constitutional.  #EmolumentsClause
Debate!? @POTUS response was the physical version of @POTUS44 "Cut it out"  Not the 1st time he gassed his people. Ignore red line-KABOOM
He didn't initiate war n you know it he has the authority one because Assad broke the treaty about not using Chemical weapons stop lying
Correct, but this isn't war. Get your facts straight.
title 50 US code---read it Rand
weak re publican politicians like you should just give up your post sucking taxpayer dollars for nothing but talk stand by @POTUS or quit
Indecisiveness seems to be your forte.  @potus did not declare war.  Stop making trouble and let our @realDonaldTrump lead.
Not only...it encourages Nusra to gas more civilians to get Trump to bomb more. Assumes terrorists play straight...but they behead children!
How do you know that Nusra did not gas or drug those children themselves? They beheaded a boy 13 before. ISIS routinely kills civilians.
You just expressed the voice of a weakling. We need all the strength we can get in our representatives. Don't disappoint America by dodging.
@Potus was not initiating war.  Relax @RandPaul!
https://www.facebook.com/joy76764291/posts/10210606952944537 …
This was not war! BUT a very measured warning & well within the exec. power of the Pres.I AM SUPRIZED& DISAPOINTED RAND @ UR LACK OF LOYALTY
@POTUS Senator in an age when all is leaked to the press how to ask Congress and still attack Syria by surprise?
should China Russia attack our military? You think our elected officials give a f.u.k about Syrian children? Wake up
do you guys know how many Iraqi children are born with unimaginable birth defects from our radioactive warheads?
Americans are not stupid but you seem to be.  The President is not initiating war and he has the authority to do what he did!
That's why you're not the president
Then do something about it, Rand. WTF?!
also you are just upset because for once a President stood up without fear of retaliation? Are we NOT THE USA?

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wMm66o7z7P4 …
Syrian Ps love and elected their president 
@VP @POTUS War? sending millions 2 hell without future?
R we R barbarian
You don't seem to understand #warpowersact- time for you to get your facts right and stop spewing #fakefacts @POTUS @SenateGOP
Our @POTUS didn't "intiate a war"...he responded like a TRUE leader. Learn from him or face your fate! #Independents #MAGA #MyPresident45
#shame on you for not standing by the President. You can be elected out. Even the worst Democrats are saying they agree
I think you have political aspirations for the presidents seat and will always critics everything he does. #suckitup
Senator, where were you when Obama was blowing up Drs. Without Borders hospitals?
Maybe @realDonaldTrump selected and cleared a prime location for a new 'Safe Zone'? Send in the supplies and start welcoming the refugees!
...and unprecedented! Am I right??? Guys? Totally unprecedented
How do the survivors & possible next victims of Assad's chemical weapons research feel about it, maybe Russia ignored to get research? NEXT?
this from the party that just changed the rules to get its way. Lol. Be gone. Your days in power are numbered.
Last weekend you played golf w/@POTUS, then 7 days later you accuse him of violating the Constitution! Some think you're better than that(?)
We have stood for those who cannot stand for themselves. That's what real AMERICANS DO.
Are you so wrapped up in legalism that you've lost your humanity?  Good night man, have you no compassion ?
don't ever allow this war to happen #stayoutofsyria
I wonder how many commenting here are paid trolls to give the appearance of agreement with the action & how many are just imbeciles. Hmm...
Strategic strikes, not war.
Unless I'm mistake, there is a WAR POWERS ACT.  Are you saying that this constitutes a violation--of that act?
Sorry Senator, as a fellow Kentuckian and retired USMC officer, and Middle East specialist, I respectfully disagree. This is not your field.
Trump is irrational and is willing to start a war without any evidence that Assad commited crimes.
Rand Paul doesn't give a crap about innocent lives being gases. Shame on him.
@POTUS took out some AIRPLANES to stop them from dropping DEADLY chemicals on children. It's not a declaration of war.
Irresponsible tweet.
If you really think that then I know more about the constitution then you do! Please just be quit till 2018 then we can remove you. Ty
Funny how he's so concerned about this he goes immediately to the media
Rand supp our president and quit chastising him. Finally we found a leader to take on Syria. Getting Congress approval is like a bad movie
So @RandPaul is siding with the Russians?  Shut up and support your Commander and Chief.
Re-think this situation!
Gosh, even George W Bush went through Congress. First the senate & the nuclear option for Gorsuch, now 45, #SyriaStrikes, tomorrow 45 nukes
I like you 75% of the time but Thank God you are not president
President Trump isn't a wimp like Barrack Obama, who just kicked the problems down to the next administration like everyone before him.
This won't start a war of any kind. He needed to do this to let the world know that the US won't tolerate this type of behavior now.
The president doesn't need your permission to do what he did Mr. Paul. I normally agree with many of the things you say.
No one, especially Trump said this was starting a war.
Disagree....Commander in Chief has broad powers: Article 2, Section 2.  No Congress has declared war since WW2; not Korea, Viet Nam, etc...
Rand Paul It is about time a President stands up for God and Country  Senate or Congress don't do the will of the people but only their self
Thank you Rand Paul! Absolutely right! The people do not want war
He didn't Rand. He gave them a spanking.
So if a foreign army came into the United States and blew shit up that wouldn't be an act of war?
Stop fantasizing. Stick with the issue.
Do not believe he was initiating war just sending message hell contact Senate if more action to be taken. Congress is off for two weeks
Says the dr.
if #POTUS have to ask Sen n Congress to bomb syria n airstrike they will wein for weeks n talk n leak all info to Assad with all snakes ?
Yes i really like Sen Rpaul but this time he is wrong #POTUS have all right to show a real clear messages to the world, that wants war
@Portosj81 @RandPaul initiate war? Far from it. He just took action instead of political spinning like your used to.
One of many violations of the Constitution by POTUS and his administration. 
#Impeach45
Fox Fake News is officially inducted into the subhuman warmonger sewer media. Only Turkey & Israel have such weapons. Time to wake up...
Nikki Hayley and Ivanka feel better though.
If Sen Paul was serious, rather than just blovating, he would put a declaration of war before the Senate for debate and  an up or down vote
pretty sad when a sitting senator shoots off his mouth when he doesn't know what he's talking about
You think, as a Lawmaker you should know what the law is.
Rand, shouldn't the War Powers Act make this perfectly legal.
With all due respect, Senator, I suggest if this needs debate, stop talking  (you're beginning to resemble McCain) & start the debate.
You are wrong here Rand.
I don't recall Obama asking for Congressional permission EVERY TIME he launched a drone strike, killing thousands.
Screw this idiot! He rather we wait until chemical weapons are used against our own troops
Mr. Rand Paul, Assad's was an attack on humanity needed an answer and he got it. Thank God was not you at the WH!
@RandPaul isn't it time Congress starting working and serving we the people? You all need to be replaced!  None of you give 2 sh*ts about us
BS you know this has been allowed since the Vietnam War:you & others may not agree but it is not illegal!
Didn't realize we were at war @RandPaul? Did Obummer get approval for all of his bombings???
When it's time to declare war,  I hope congress won't act like the Supreme Court nominee fiasco.
@RandPaul needs to put up or shut up ... He's a  threat to our NATIONAL SECURITY. Or maybe even worse: A COWARD.
POTUS Trump had ALL legal rights to show Syria that this type of MURDER will NOT be tolerated. Just shows that your are NOT Presidential !!!
President Trump would not do something illegal @RandPaul why are you saying that.
Yes HE does!
It's Senator Putin
Then several other Presidents before him committed the same "crime" *eyeroll.
Who cares what you think weenie Randy Paul
@RandPaul for prez, 2020!
Never in a Million Years!
Wrong Arm Chair Quarterback @RandPaul you’re worse than a jealous teenager sometimes. This is yet another of those times.
WORLD HELD HOSTAGE FIND OT WHO & HOW:
B4 During & After PROOF-REICHSTAG911 Orig Plan dissemination May 27 1974 [http://www.worldwidewaco.wordpress.com/reichstag-911-viii-the-conspirators-part-1-fourfive-fingers/ …]
Well time to impeach him before it is TOO LATE!
He didn't initiate war...
Best read the Constitution Mr Paul and oh by the way take a quick look at the 125 instances of precedence!  Patriot American Legal
How many times are we going to see this?
@Ian56789 @RandPaul ty rand Paul i full agree with u 59 missiles that cost us about 85 million that we could have #MAGA
Rand Paul sounds like dishonest Media. "Launch War?" What a dumb thing to say. Under WPA & telling Congress within 48 Hrs IS Constitutional.
Your wrong again.  Both President Bush and President Clinton did the same thing, because it was in their authority to do so.
You are LYING TO US. War powers resolution says he can attack for 90 days. Just has to Tell congress within 48 hrs.
Wouldn't Americans being on ground at risk give the President the authority to carry out that strick without Congress?
You're wrong @RandPaul He was well within his authority last night. This is NOT war so quit inciting fear! Warning only.
You know Obama bombed at least 9 countries.  Trump bombed an airport.
@realDonaldTrump You, freedom caucus & democrats vendetta for Trump has made the USA look foolish to the rest of the world! WE BACK TRUMP
You are crazy and you should stand by Trump. Obama did nothing except let them continue to cross the supposed red line.
Instead of talking to Congress, Trump talked to the experts!
If we went to Congress first, it would be like "giving notice", they could've attacked us first.
We did not attack anyone!  In fact, we made it clear by our actions we didn't want to.  We "damaged a facility".
Rand, you are the only sane person in Congress. Please try to communicate your perspective to the president! All of our lives depend on it!
You have just now told the world we declare war in Syria.  Just like CNN said we launched missiles "on Syria".  NOT!
Should we gave done nothing?  And how many weeks would Congress have taken to come to a decision?
He's not initiating war! Come on! He's just making a statement.
Just as we have been asking the UN to enforce the law & they don't, congress would do same thing, just argue.
Who initiated war? Cmon RP thought u weren't part of the swamp. DT was voted over u and 15 others for a reason. Does no one get this?
Declaring war means "I challenge you to a fight".  We didn't send that message.  We said "don't do that again".
If Trump asked congress first, what do you think would happen?  They'd do nothing but argue.  Besides, it's not war.
Did we ask congress about everything else we have been doing in Syria?
You announcing on TV we are "at war" is very dangerous; it's like declaring war.  The world is listening.
Sen Rand Paul,I'm beginning to think you come up with some of this over the top comments to get attention.
Rand, go back to 8th grade social studies class. You should know POTUS doesn't need cong. for this attack. Why isn't Congress  complaining?
I respect you @RandPaul but sir, please give us a berak on the opposing of @POTUS . He and we deserve it
You are grandstanding on this one. This was a strategic strike and direct message to Syria not a declaration of war.
You say we went to war without congress approval; if true then you can say we were already at war by our presence.
You should have approved the previous administration's request to launch airstrikes when Syria crossed the redline the first time.
As the MOM of a US Marine, I can answer the question you had on Fox News, most of us DO support what President Trump did last night!!
@realDonaldTrump You swore to uphold the law. You need authorization from Congress to attack Syria.
No he doesn't your information is wrong look it up
This was not war. This was a strategic strike. Fully legal
"What we're doing now is illegal & unconstitutional" is the passphrase to get into #trumps private clubs #SyrianStrike #Constitutionalcrisis
No what you tweet look it up before posting it was not illegal. The President response was within his power.
...we do not want war. Let us hope this does not escalate.
He is not initiating war, he's just sending a message that if the acts continue, there will be consequences.
Is this guy really from Kentucky??  Wow!
So is he ready to start impeachment proceedings or is he just running his mouth AGAIN?
o you retweeted FOX's retweet haha I guess they have more eyes but you had integrity & nearly lost it over healthcare
stop retweeting & tell us directly : you got your 'whatever" liberarian ego stroked by a Master flatterer during GOLF
Just because I stand behind your health care bill, doesn't mean I stand with you on this. President Trump knows what to do and he's doing it
I agree. I'm horrified the President would take this action without congressional approval.
What then have we been doing since 9/11 ??
The President is not initiating war!
Sure, debate it for weeks while they move their chemical weapons. He did the right thing. And he does have the authority. Quit being a pansy
Nothing ever works or gets done in congress. Let the Commander do his legitimate job!
And THATS why ur not POTUS!!!  He did not initiate war. If he wants to go to war he'll give you a call!
@RandPaul PLEASE get your facts straight BEFORE you shoot your mouth off!  He had every right to 'warn' Syria & didn't need to ask YOU first
ARE YOU OUT OF YOUR MIND? Maybe the U.S NEEDS to wait until Assad uses CHEM Weapons against us?Would that make you happy? GO Resign will ya.
Unfortunately correct.The republic died during the Johnson/Nixon administrations. Bush and Obama just covered it up with dirt. Trump follows
Stop putting fake news out there! He had the right to do it. "Declaration of War" needs consent from the ding dongs not a strike.
Get with the program Rand.  Doesn't have to say "mother may I" for a surgical airstrike. Like Congress doesn't leak anything...yeah, right.
Did he say we were at war?
He doesn't need permission unless you "Declare WAR" you need to go back and read the manual! You can strike without a note from mom. FYI!
Pres. Trump does have the legal right to directly respond with force to a deadly attack on civilians.
