UNITE YOUR PARTY FIRST!
Did ya see my number, down to 84 folllowers was up .. hate that..
INCREDIBLE!
Wish there was a button to stop them from unfollowing 
WE BOTH KNOW THAT ISN'T GOING TO HAPPEN. 
ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU CAN ALSO UNFOLLOW THEM. SOME, ON HERE HAVE LOCKED ACCOUNTS, TO ONLY VERIFIED
If I could control twitter I'd really clean it up ..
HAHAHA
That's a very good question, trying to find a answer!
I think a few Republicans did not vote for it..hard to find out which ones!
Here we go! He voted no!
Indeed..it's a rare thing these days.
then you will have to stop fighting Israels wars for them! Good luck with that!
Repeal and Replace help Trump get the job done and don't be part of the problem we got to drain the swamp lots of work still .
Necessary, formulate a plan 4 overwhelming quick response and post conflict transfer of power utilizing majority indigenous Battle Force.
I agree that we should not engage in war lightly.  It's a heavy choice. 

However, we have no other choice than to destroy Isis.
America knows what you are doing and it is negative for the Republican Party.  You as a future president will never happen unless you change
like you fought to get rid of Obamacare? Yea okie dokey
It's like I tell my wife. If it's bad enough to pull a gun, it's bad enough to pull the trigger. War is no a police action. Bring them home.
100% agreed! Stop financing radical regimes,  used financial and political pressure early and continuously, and in the case action is
Illegal Wars! And that's what they are they have no business being in those countries at all no one gave them permission!
But you don't want to spend the money we save on healthcare
Yet you still support apartheid Israel! Go away with your tweets and false promises!
You blame Israel and completely ignore muslim hatred of Jews that's been going on forever!
Great let's reduce the military budget ( not the solders pay ) & throw that money at Healthcare!!!
We could  affonda universal Health care
How will our weapons ind. survive
Trump's insane verbal battle with Kim Jong-in is pushing us close war. If we can't impeach Trump, can we get a restraining order to shut up?
There is no other choice in getting  into conflicts we have no business in. NO MORE ENDLESS WARS
Even in this message of "peace" Rand Paul uses the metaphor of war.
The Sen is trying to change the dialogue from healthcare, where he knows full well he is wrong.
And always with mixed UN support force.
Please think about what is good and better than Obama Care and vote yes for the bill.
Try focusing on one thing at a time.  Might get more done.  Urgency on REPEAL Of OCARE.  Forget the rest.  Just do one thing right PLEASE!
A good start would b to close most of our foreign bases and cancel all foreign aid
Defense contractors own congress, so we are happy spending Trillions going around the world killing people. https://en.wikiquote.org/wiki/Smedley_Butler …
Let's do a war on war
War, war never changes
Thank you, Dr Paul!
I agree
Confusion in Niger shows why Congress needs to authorize military action, they shouldn’t be confused 5 years into continuous deployments.
Good idea
Can you straighten your mate Donald out then
Stop the foreign (and domestic) policy of endless Zionism
We have to stop our foreign policy of endless war and I'll continue to fight for that. #PeaceDay http://theatln.tc/2wJeDwd 
K/J CONVINCED AMERICANS THAT THEY ARE FREE, NUMBER ONE IN THE WORLD, WHILE THE K/J USED THE AMERICANS AS MERCENARIES.
USA is not a war monger. Our foreign policy is spot on.They threaten us simply ignoring them or endless talk will not stop their aggression
This has to have congress approval 100%. Then they can tell their people they represent why their relative didn't come home. #MANUP
ok but can we take the gloves off and make them unconditional surrender? That means break stuff and not fix it
!THAnk yOU!!! @RandPaul #conservative -_-   .
I like the cut of your jib, man. #PeaceDay
Conservatives allow billions to flow from states to fed for imperial overlordship and still call themselves pro small government.
Rand Paul doesn't stand a chance! He's up against the entire #DeepState criminal apparatus!
Did you know that one of the Atlantic publications is devoted to war and all it's glory? it also supports the Future of War conference.
Can the people crying in front of their TVs over @KenBurns' "Vietnam" maybe support the politicians trying to stop making the same mistakes?
It's a #shame but no #surprise his effort was not enough for the #warmongers
So does that mean you are at war with people who start wars??
I guess U are PERSONALLY going to pay the med bills of all the people that don't have a carrier now because YOU can't have a PERFECT BILL.
Ok.  Now convince Islamic supremacists that Allah does not want non-Muslims and "apostates" dead & madmen to be sane.
Must watch
good god , can't you stay focused on 1 topic!!! Pass the fucking repeal then move on
It's time to win the wars 
The US needs a policy of endless DEFENSE and STRENGTH to survive. History shows that for every country which ever existed or tried to exist.
We agree on that . We are the modern Hessians.
Blessed are the peacemakers, for they shall be called the sons of God- May God Bless you and your family-ppl are with you @RandPaul
Endless war is North Korea.  Use our near obsolete missiles. Let us remind Iran Nuclear powers are targets, ICBMs horror and hollechost .
Thank you so much for your courage. If you are ever able, please help us #TARGETEDINDIVIDUALS Targeted WBs and others.
Unfortunately the Generals who have surrounded Trump do not want that!
Good, but focus on Full Repeal of ObamaCare. It has killed the US economy. Where is @tedcruz and other conservatives?
So what's the point of the economy if people are dying and needless insurance brokers get rich?
How about fighting against #DeepState ?
You need to help the tax payer and get over yourself
@RandPaul If you are for real, start with the Military Industrial Complex. War is all they know. Good Luck.
CC: @SenTedCruz Why did you vote for endless illegal wars Teddy? How much $$$$ are you profiting from bloodshed of innocent ppl?
We'll never reach a point where war doesn't exist, evil men will always compel decent nations to defend freedom or accept tyranny.
You need to be gone from the Senate.  You're only there because of your fruit bat father.  Apple didn't fall too far from the tree...
war keeps the money train running
America's first antinuclear war artist called to abolish all nuclear weapons with Editorial image published 1954. At Corcoran in DC 1940.
Thank you for standing up against the warmongers. We don't need a war to cover up the economic collapse. It will just make things worse.
Thank you. You are a patriot
World domination anyone??
Yes Sir !
You can't stop the reason for war, no matter how much power and authority you have, ask God
Jesus man what you should do is stand behind our president and stop being a sale out like you have been.
WAY TO TRISH!
They are All The same war profiteers
HC bill isn't perfect but to vote no would further suffering under Obamacare. You can amend it later. Vote yes so Bernie won't socialize it
Have those countries stop their human atrocities and we will no longer need to be there!
And endless illegal immigrants
There cannot be true peace without justice and equality. The Gulf of Inequality is more treacherous than the Gulf of Tonkin. #MedicareForAll
Get em Rand, there is NO PLAN for any of these wars accept to continue on with them for as long as we allow it. NOTHING to win here.
No more wars for Israel!!!
The U. S. military should only be used for national defense. Our young men & women should not be dying in some foreign shithole!
Whats your policy on war in the streets of America? Because you do realize one is brewing right? You have done nothing about Antifa Anarchy!
Thank you for being the soul of the conservative movement.
DUDE,NOW?WHEN TRUMP IS TAKING CARE OF IT!DON'T WORRY YOUR PRETTY CURLS!
Hahahaha!
How do you achieve peace. The world has never seen peace we would love to have it
#StandWithRand
There won't be war if we are ok with other countries doing anything they want.Kill Americans,attack our friends,even attack US. Ok w/ that?
Paul nothing can be done if you don't confront  lobbyists from military industrial complex they dictate what's going on about endless wars.
Please continue to try!
Great -- c'mon Rand get behind Graham-Cassidy & let's get to work improving it once it's passed we've got to start somewhere
Uphill fight against the Military Industrial Economy. But Rand is on the right side of history
How about or
Our endless war on our own citizens?
So lets pull out and let ISIS come over here and wreck our economy and murder,rape our citizens,very brilliant 
So, I agree, but, how do we get other countries to cease antagonistic human rights violating behavior? Unless, we are the agitators? 
Maybe be supportive & encouraging of the people whose human rights are being violated, so they (not us) can stand up and defend themselves.
In the meantime, how about voting for Graham Cassidy? Unless you like Obamacare the way it is.
Wow so you think terrorism is going to magically disappear? Unbelievable  that you would back down from a fight to keep America safe.
Good luck my friend.  I respect your integrity.
Drop DACA, DAMA & Obama Care & just make it unlawful for insurance companies to pre-existing conditions. Can you handle that simple task?
Thank you, Senator Paul.  Peace day should be everyday.
We know you will.  Hopefully more will lead with you, but you can only do so much alone, so keep working at it!

Its Michele again. Begging for money please help with my needs! Im trying... https://www.gofundme.com/looking-for-somewhere-to-live?pc=tw_mu …
On tht I agree
Want to stop "Endless Wars"?  Jail obama, his admin, democrats & rinos for Treason, funding every islamic takeover in the Middle East...
So jail Trump?
@RandPaul just do your damn job!!!!
Want to stop "Endless Wars"?  Stop funding the United Nations, socialist, communist & islamic countries, who are using our funds against US!
Which is why you failed as a presidential candidate. No foreign policy.
Keep fighting, Senator Paul.
FIGHT ON, FIGHT ON! MAYBE YOU SHOULD TAKE A TRIP TO HEAVEN AND BRING THE "PRINCE OF PEACE" W/U ON YOUR WAY BACK. FOCUS ON ACHIEVABLE THINGS.
Thank you @RandPaul, we'll continue to work with you to promote #peace by ending #EndlessWar. #PeaceDay http://cqrcengage.com/fcnl/app/onestep-write-a-letter?2&engagementId=399073 …
The policies in the war structure have gone too far!!!!
LAME!! You oppose @realDonaldTrump  you oppose #Democrats, what do you really want to do?? @GOP are cowards cant fight like #Trump #MAGA
@POTUS. "MY PEOPLE WILL SAY PEACE PEACE BUT THERE WILL BE NO PEACE!"
Now don't get me wrong I agree with him on barely anything but here he is right...Ironic statement  but we just lose more money and men
War is an Industry that many an elected official are investing in&profiting from. Millionaire$!
While our tax $ feeds the beast #PeaceDay
How about fighting for the CONSTITUTION, you traitor! How on EARTH can you vote for Orwellian, pro-Marxist, anti-#1A SJRes49? #FreeSpeech
Hope you remember how your own party tabled your motion for this when they ask for your health care vote. I agree with you on endless war.
You're one of my heroes. #PeaceDay
You'll continue to fight to stop to the continuous fighting? Ever thought to change your approach to promote peace and stop all fighting?
Money for everyone http://formoneyonly.com/?refer=96044 
I totally agree!
For the sake of humanity, YES.
Vote yes
And yet you have done nothing but support @realDonaldTrump and his saber rattling.
Go away.
So, why did you want to fight ISIS so badly a few years ago? Why did you vote for Trump and war on terror 2.0 ?
You are right Rand after Vietnam we still have learned nothing.
Also defund Zionism
Congress full of War Pigs
Thank you for saying no to endless war. #NoMoreWar #PeaceOverProfit
N Korea is shooting ICBMs over Japan. You gonna go crawl inside and hide?

I like you usually, but c'mon.
Thank you Senator Paul.
RAND PAUL 2024
How I wish you were President.
Ok, well, can you tell the president to stop insulting the North Korean dictator that hates us? Can we stop THAT foreign policy?
Why don't you help kill Obama care If we waited for perfection no senators would ever be elected get REAL or Ocare lives
I sure wish you luck with that.

make deal wit potus he can mke changers in graham healthcare bill must pass r single payer on way  common sense dont b stubborn like mc cain
Many Americans drank UN speech POTUS war drum Kool-Aid & some ppl thought it was a "good" speech. Dumb as rocks AND dangerous, stop them now
>Doesn't want endless wars
>Will fight for that
How did this idealistic Moran ever get elected ?
BILLIONS and TRILLIONS spent here....
#militaryIndustrialComplex #drummon #skunkworks #lockheed #boeing etc would kill to keep thier income alive. HAVE.
Obama said the same, trumo said the same. No US president can stop US criminal wars
Why don't you fight to end the war on US citizens cleverly disguised as a War on Drugs?
Cause thts also a money maker for prsions
You are a throb in our side! Work together and it will work out! You Sen. & Congress are a disgrace to Americans! You all can't have ur way!
Go hide in the bushes then
Hope you will stop USA arms 2 Saudi & Speak out #FreeHishamAlOmeisy  @YemenAfaash @Yemenarmymedia @YemenEmbassy_DC
We know. You say this year in & year out. Same crap always. Nothing changes
Get us out of the sandbox! Period!
I am 100% down with the urgency on this bill. War in Afghanistan has been goin on for 17 years.
So We Need a Day for every Dumb thing anyone can come up with! Guess Congress needs a Day Off! Make it a Mo
This Guy Like His Dad Run Full Time For President! He could care Less Just get in the News
yeah cause having a crazy person threaten his neighbors is really peaceful.  maybe we should stop north korea.
Good luck
Take out NK & you are 1/2 way there
Why?
Because without North Korea we would be at peace.
Did you they teach history in schools?
Duh, isn't it obvious?
So why can't we have peace?
Have to keep killing the #terriost. They are not going away.
Cut off one head, two more take its place...
LIAR

The #TrumpCrimeFamily will bring the USA to WAR and You'll SUPPORT him.

Can't trust ANYONE from the GOP anymore.

They lie for Trump
Keep up the great work @RandPaul!
I've been paying taxes for war my whole life. Now because of you apparently being a blocking vote, I cannot get long term health insurance.
@RandPaul In our Government you got 40 Years of the swamp that can't possibly be drain we just had 8 years of the worst Corruption N History

There are areas where I disagree w/ you Senator, but I stand w/ you in challenging our violent global presence. Keep up the crucial work!
That was the Obama foreign policy, Rand.  Look at the world he made!!!
lol - perhaps choose a verb other than "fight." Militaristic language and thinking is so ingrained in the U.S.
senate should try to get along with others rather than to throw barbs etc
Fight for the health care rights of all Americans, then your words will be worth something.
You cannot stop defending if others want war. Cowering or appeasement doesn't work.
Defending what? The poppy fields in Afghanistan? ISIS in Syria? What exactly are we defending?
paul just says anything. yeah its a lose lose. like superman constantly FIGHTING evil then blamed 4 property damage or if he did nothing
I Fully Agree with @POTUS on NK! I Agree with @RandPaul on REPEAL!
Senator, I applaud your commitment to principles. Great example to politicians everywhere on this issue and others. War is not the answer
