Get with the program Rand Paul. People like you are destroying the GOP. Losing voters every day because of infighting; getting zero done.
Than put forward a single payer option
Who wants to listen to @randpaul on health?   He has fucked up teeth!  #Dentist
Get our government out of the insurance business.
Please,please,please stand your ground. No BAIL OUTS!!!!!!
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr  remove state insurance restrictions - fight hospital/insurance/Pharma Lobby - free market!!! Competition!
Healthcare should be run by non profit companies, problem solved
HE IS RIGHT TRUTH BE TOLD NOT CONSERVATIVE ITS ABOUT ALL AMERICANS
FULL REPEAL OR LET IT FAIL. I DROPPED THAT GARBAGE AFTER, I HAD TO PAY  $7000 DEDUCTIBLE ON TOP OF THE $700 A MONTH PREMIUM #ObamaCareless

Obamacare's an insurance company, Planned Parenthood entitlement scam much more than it is a healthcare solution for poor people.

#DefundPP
REPEAL is what we voted for. Thank you for fighting for us
I would like clean repeal of obama care, but I also want to completely support our President, vote for the plan, don't be an obstructionist.
"If you get 75 or 85% of what you ask for, I say, take it & fight for the rest later." - Ronald Reagan (even @RepMarkMeadows wants it passed
Repeal
Get the gov't OUT of heath care(Insurance). Get ins industries $'s out of politicians pockets. Sell across state lines. Offer many policies
exactly !!!
No bail out for insurance companies.  They helped write Obamacare!  To hell with them!  #FullRepeal
Thank you! Stand firm! #fullrepeal
The only thing I want to see changed first is having to pay fines for not having it it. That's gotta stop. They're stealing thanks Obama
Also, having insurance does not make medical care more affordable! It just puts a middle man helping mask gouging medical practitioners!
Tell me about it. Our deductibles are so high we would be better off without insurance and just negotiate directly with doctors and pay cash
I have heard that it works to neg. for cash payment to docs. I have been interested in that idea myself!
We pump our own gas, self check groceries, online bank. Time for cutting loose middle man Health Insurance? Universal, it's time? 17% GDP
Damn i like rand paul!
It can be done, checkout @pricepain @realDonaldTrump - price transparency will allow market forces to operate. Make them work not bailout
I get a big "I told you so," years ago I said this man was a self-aggrandizing right-wing nutcase that would destroy his own party.
If you vote for a total repealed what happens to those of us with pre-existing conditions? One payer is the best solution
At least there is one Republican who was honest when campaigning on Repeal of Obamacare!
I still believe he's putting a spin on this to try and have everyone do things HIS way!  Seems he hasn't gotten over not being Pres.
Stand strong! Repeal only is the right move!
Let's 1st vote to take down the marquee of Obama's major legacy, i.e. the moniker of Obamacare. Work to remove its remaining vestige later.
If you can't get it repealed then let it crash and burn on it's own. 
We stand with you @RandPaul we want a FULL Repeal!!!! You Promised us @POTUS !!!!! 
senate repubs don't need a stubborn jackass who won't vote for anything that's not EXACTLY what he wants.  #compromise
Thank you so much. I lost faith in Congress please I beg you hold your ground.
Thank you, Rand.
Thank you for taking a stand for US citizens. The Senate can do better. #trumpcareIsUnamerican
Thank you, Rand Paul.
This is what principled opposition looks like. Congress too corrupt to affect real change. It does not have power to define or assert itself
It was a Campaign Promise that we hope you all keep. Drowning w/MEDICARE limitations & blood red tape.
Amen Senator Paul!  Let's go for the complete repeal and get on with life like it was pre-O'Idiot!!!
. @RandPaul, Please don't vote for new or expanded entitlements for the people either.
O'care is government intervention to fix the affects of government intervention.
Free and open markets please.
Stand strong. Repeal only. We can figure it out afterwards
8 1/2 years to come up with a better plan and they have nothing.
#WeThePeople support @RandPaul and his decision to not support the Obamacare fix @SenateMajLdr is pushing
I agree, especially given the fact that @SenateMajLdr McConnell's "bettercare" bill doesn't fix anything. 
https://twitter.com/Federalists_USA/status/878526889471516672 …
Grow up and get it done
Insurance companies need to compete across state lines.  The cream will rise to the top!
Then do something about the Americans hemorrhaging to pay for insurance they can't afford to use! Something now!

They've gotten hooked on bailouts since katrina. They think they aren't supposed to lose money and they expect reimbursement for losses!
Thank you Rand Paul!!
So true!
We should NOT be obligated to pay for the yearly check ups for EVERY poor slob in the entire country! THAT'S INSANE!
Thank you...enough is enough...stay strong to your convictions
Just go back the way it was before Obamacare.Who wants Obamacare stay on it . But don't tax me for it. Let them get off there ass and work
You are really going to screw this up for the Republicans?  I don't approve of more welfare - for anyone. This latest version seems better.
so Rand Paul would rather see Obamacare stay in place rather than give a little....his way or the highway? Suzan Collins is just a liberal!
"If you get 75 or 85% of what you ask for, I say, take it & fight for the rest later." - Ronald Reagan (even @RepMarkMeadows wants it passed
Don't you get it?  Folks realized "Obamacare", which they didn't like, was the "ACA", which they did. You really want to harm people?  Sigh.
Get this done we can't wait
REPEAL.....at the very least REPEAL OBUMMER CARE!!!! Republicans Promised
Rand.We didn't elect you for Potus,k? You don't get to call the shots here. PASS THE DAMNED bill!
I believe no bill is going to satisfy you. Don't be bull headed and hurt Americans. Sometimes you have to bend so others can benefit
We will Never get the Perfect HCare as there nothing perfect. Just pass it then tweak it to make it as good as possible. Don't mess this up!
Senator it's time you either convince every Republican in the Senate to go your way or you need to go their way. Stop being lone dissenter.
Now I understand u have the insurance companies in your back pocket so sick of all this
Please @POTUS appoint Rand to head up repeal and replace, let's do this right the first time!
Ins Co's impose restrictions on Annuities, Auto/Home Ins. and Life Ins. but are not allowed to on their Health Plans?
How then can an Ins Co be required to mitigate ALL the risk?  Their assets (Corp. Bonds) are not designed to carry unlimited risk.
Repeal not replace this obamacare.had Enough of democrats.bend over to much for dems.its time Republican take over.
Thank you for listening to taxpayers Americans .we voted to repeal. But media not listening,nor is some the senators.
@ktd101551 @RandPaul we the people didn't vote for more entitlements either Republicans need to get their act together
You know senator its just not smart to be aganit everything unless its your idea
Thank u @randpaul to bad the @SenateGOP doesn't feel the same, they are greedy sob's who don't care about Avg Americans #ShameOnThem #Repeal
Thanks for fighting so hard. @RandPaul #Repeal
Idealistic man that can't get anything done.
There needs to be a new color for ZERO insurers avail which is the case for many counties in many states effective 2018. Many left 2nd year.
Stay in there! I agree.
We need you stay a no on this big give away
Well, this will be the moment of truth. If healthcare fails Im (and many others) officially voting Democrat and your screwed next year.
And I don't mean just this vote but before 2018. I doubt you will get what you want though so I see failure
No way in hell the moderates and RINOs vote for repeal. You have to take a step to get rid of OCare and then proceed from there.
do you think you are Cato? Remember his hands were nailed to senate doors. If they can get ideas to reduce premiums You owe us compromise
Yada yada.The GOP has NO credibility #LiarinChief and his #LiarinchiefsonDJTJR 7 YRS & this is the best you have?! Give me a break!
Mcconel hates Pauls solution because it would then expose him for being what he is and that's Senator who loves corp welfare and paybacks
In this case I completely agree with Sen Paul.  He is only one making sense in this whole debate
Love your points, but please don't call it "Crony Capitalism." There's nothing Capitalist about it. It's Cronyism, through and through.
Crony Capitalism is a thing.
It's not Capitalism. He is accurate.
Look it up.
What in the HELL have the REPUBLICANS been doing for 8 years. WE THE PEOPLE did our job. You have House Senate and @POTUS . SAVE the USA
You now have majority.  2018 is months away. If you lose seats you won't need to worry about voting because it will no longer matter.
"If you get 75 or 85% of what you ask for, I say, take it & fight for the rest later." - Ronald Reagan (even @RepMarkMeadows wants it passed
He just trying to be famous and stay relevant to try and run for office in 4 years. America needs to shut him down
Stay strong
You won't be happy until the new health Care Bill has your name on it, stop opposing everything put before you. Your becoming hated by GOP
Perhaps his constituents were calling his office continually, letting him know that his job is gone, if he DIDN'T vote for a full repeal?
I hope U lose U reelection. Ur acting like Nancy Pelosi, Ur true RINO colors R coming out. Ur all noise & no action.
I'm staggered by your logic.
Let me get this straight. First, he went with changes to Obamacare and now, he's going with the full repeal? Something strange is going on.
Senator Paul has been one of the few GOP with a spine who has insisted on full repeal since day 1
Stay strong on healthcare bill! I also do not want a bailout for insurance company.
Well sir, then you're going to be voting yourself out of office. If you're the reason Obamacare continues = I'll vote for anybody else.
Thank you for doing tje right thing.
Rand ur vote will always be no regardless what it is we the ppl want 2REMIND u that ur not the President get on board or GET OUT#obstruction
Thank you R.
Good for you
Someone seems to remember why the people gave the reps both houses of congress and the presidentcy.
Rand Paul needs to go he's against trump he's never going to pass bill just like the democrats he can go join dems
He's standing by the promise the entire GOP ran on. Full repeal, no obamacare 2.0
Thank you, Senator Paul!
No, but I might name him or her " deplorable" & be proud of it.
That sounds great, Rand, but how many Americans need to be hurt by Ocare before you will repeal it, even if just part for now? #MAGA #USA
Great!  That's not going to happen!  The only choice left is to work with Dems and FIX the ACA!
Stay strong, Mr. Paul. Youre conviction is admirable. Wish there were more brave,self sacrificing,service oriented folks serving in our gov.
Stand your ground Rand!
Thank you for being a strong voice for the American people. No more tax money to insurance companies.
I don't want the Fed Gov involved in my health care in any way When Fed Gov is involved prices go up & quality down...ALWAYS!
I would like the government out of healthcare.
you all have to get something out there - people have NOTHING! Come together and get this done!
#StandWithRand
Being the idealist is noble, standing alone is a lost battle for everyone suffering through Ocare...pass it & fix it later, WE NEED TAX CUTS
@IWillRedPillYou @RandPaul Thank you Rand! Least someone is telling us the truth!
Typical grandstanding on tv, can make more change later, letting perfect be enemy of the good, repeal Rand Paul?
I have small biz,pls get the association pooling as part of bill.Iwould get competitive rate.OBcare put me out of ins
FU Rand.  Buy $GLD like your old man has said for more than three years. Stick to optometry. Have a nice day.
whatever it take, get this damned repeal and replace done!
You're a loser Rand. Can't wait till you're gone. You are against the entire Republican agenda. Shameful opportunist who will never be Pres.
@RepBradWenstrup @robportman @SenSherrodBrown @senrobportman @realDonaldTrump @POTUS 

I want my reps to know that I agree with @RandPaul
The plan put out by Senate today won't fix the problem. 

Grow the job market not Medicaid, to much fraud in Gov. programs.

#Repeal #ACA
Can't you just vote to get the govt out of health care altogether, open up the free market and have the govt have a minimal oversite role?
We support you Rand. The establishment republicans only bash trump. They will never put conservative healthcare legislation through
They might stymie tax reform and the wall too. Merely to hurt trump. They are on a kamikaze mission to destroy him. I think if they stymie
The wall it will hurt hem more than trump. Probably the same with tax reform. But they have drawn a line in the sand that unless
He becomes a neocon warmonger corporatist like them they will stymie his every policy. So now it's time you draw the line right back
Trump supporters will support shutting down the government for a wall. We are the majority, regardless of the fake polls
Every person I talk to, dem or repub, thinks illegal immigration needs to be cut, and not temporarily, but permanently
And most Dems even agree that a cut in middle class taxes would be great. So if establishment repubs think they can harm trump but halting
That then that's weird. Go get em Rand. Now's not the time to worry about re election. Who cares if we win the senate and house again if
We support repeal ACA first.  Fix medicaid.  Expand HSA and work on free market solutions to insurance.
We sent Repubs to senate to do something and the senate can't do anything to bad dems in majority next election
Thank you Sen Paul. America is in debt. We can't afford entitlements at this time.
I don't get why your Idea of AARP creating exchanging with Insurance Companies hasn't taken off. meeting should have been set up. Great idea
We want #realrepeal
Senator Paul is the only logical and truthful voice we are hearing from the Senate!!  Keep is up.
Thank you Senator.  We must stop this #phonycronyrepeal
This is definitively what needs to be done, but swamp will not vote for anything, oh they will pay on re-election! Take it to the Bank.
Thank you Senator Rand Paul for sticking by your word and looking out for Americans. We will remember!
Just saying no doesn't get the job done.
Amen!
Obamacare & new bill r not about healthcare it is about insurance companies getting taxpayer money then they funnel it back to politicians
FULL REPEAL!! I'm with you on this one!!
Just another little rich boy like Jeb, all this boy has is his mouth and ability to destroy America, Politically he's done g
Thank you Senator Paul for standing up for this country.
Stick to your guns.
I liked Rand Paul's repeal Obamacare care act. Other republicans had 8 years to come up with a plan..
You are going to blow it, I guess we'll see what the Democrats have to offer.
#MAGA @POTUS @realDonaldTrump #mcconnel #ryan are on the front lines of blocking a #repeal #draintheswamp push harder to block their agenda
Rand you should vote to get this health care change started.It is not right for you to high jack Trumps plans.We voted for change.No O care.
I don't always agree with him but he is spot on here.  Our Nation's healthcare can't be built with O'Care as the foundation! Wipe it clean!
Exactly!! Now how do you get the GOP to wake up and understand they work for US? This is so frustrating!
You should stop acting like a little brat & help out. I think you say NO to everything just to look special. Learn how to compromise. #ahca
No entitlements. No bailouts!  Swim or sink just like me...America should be about excellence! If something/someone fails let it..Try again!
I am all behind @realDonaldTrump , but I am with you 100% on this.   We need free markets, only way to reduce cost long term
Insurance should be as it was before Obama care.  No bailouts of insurance co.  Creates competition in the insurance market. No subsidies.
Astounded GOP can't come up with a plan that helps people not company's!
You Must cover seniors under 65 that can't afford premiums!
stick to it Paul.  Repeal is the only way to go.
We can no longer afford to support for-profit health insurance co's and their DC lobby.
I'm with you Rand, no bailout for the insurance companies!!
Please find 2 other Senators who agree with you and let the pork filled, pile of crap RINO-Care bill fail. #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA #FullRepeal
THEN @SenateGOP NEED TO REPEAL OBAMACARE FIRST! @realDonaldTrump @VP STOP GLOBALIST DEMS ENTITLEMENT PROGRAM! People won't try if it's free!
It's time to separate ourselves from the failing universal healthcare and put the responsibility in the peoples hands where it belongs
Repeal, repeal, repeal. No Fines, no PP fund, freedom to choose from any HCIns & just do guidelines for priv ins follow assurance
@RandPaul polls suggest "We The People" want to be free of government intervention. Separate MM regulations,from private. Stop fund PP
Bravo Mr Paul!
thank you,Sir
Correct, we shouldn't bail them out. They're middle men getting rich off our health. Single payer/Universal Healthcare. This cannot continue
The county I live in MO. will have zero health care for exchanges. And I just found out my independent provider is pulling out Dec. 31st
F$ck insurance companies they've been bilking Americans long enough. Time to go!
Sounds to me that you'll vote for anything that increases cost of Insurance for KY and other US CITIZENS!
The train has left the station on some of these Obamacare entitlements. You need to compromise to get this done #MAGA

If you think "the 1%" has most of the money in the US, remember one thing: everything they have is insured.
When government gets involve the reality is the consumer pays more
Stand your ground, Senator.  History will prove this GOP bill to be just as disastrous as ObamaCare. It is political suicide. REPEAL #ACA.
I stand with you Senator Paul on healthcare debate issue; stay strong.
#Asshole Senator!!
Thank you @RandPaul for standing firm against #FakeRepeal #ObamaCareLite
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
God bless Rand looks like one of very few not in the pockets of ins lobbyist @Italians4Trump @Varneyco @KellyannePolls @POTUS @FoxNews
Its all talk
I dont want to hear your crap
RP u can't take away entitlements all at once from people receiving them. MAGA
REPEAL OBAMACARE NOW, figure out the replacement later!!!
