Sir please make sure the poorest is covered and not the wealthiest
#StandWithRand in getting your Senators to vote, "NO", on Healthcare Bill, as it stands
After demagoguing ACA for 8 + years this is the best GOP has. @RandPaul #TrumpCare = #GOP's #CareLess
Find the payoffs to Ryan, the GOPe and Vice President Pence... Sec. Price.
Sir please look carefully at this GOP plan! Why don't congress get on the plans they want Americans to take
@newellk
oh. My. God. #icant
@docdhj @reason REPEAL. That's what Trump promised.
@StefanMolyneux @reason RINO RYAN'S HCPlan to setup POTUSA via OBAMA & Soros.
A Republican senator vowing not to tow the party line? I'll believe it when I see it. Until then, I'm going to assume this guy will cave too
Dems tow the line That's the Republicans problem They don't support each other Especially the Rinos
Why did GOP hide Healthcare plan from you? Very strange! WH is very strange...crazy..no leadership!
-WHO DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?  BESIDES THE BIGGEST NON PERSON ON THE HILL?  WHO CARES WHAT YOU THINK ANYWAY ???
Is Congress going to be exempt? If the health care plan is no good for Congress, it'll be no good for me. @POTUS
But the reason is it will cost the gov too much to please him
I think those medical co-ops are really neat. Medi-Share, Kansas Health Co-op. Read Art of the Deal. Sell your plan hard!
really need some help with this new healthcare. A lot of people are going to suffer.
@sl_patriot @reason Get all protections for illegal aliens removed please!
why not leave O care in place for those who want it, and put the others in place too. That way, everyone has a choice.
the majority of us conservatives don't want it @POTUS needs to realize this & Ryan doesn't have our best interest at 
I'm with you Senator. Keep up the good work, and tell the President we don't want Obama care lite.
-
If you're not part of the solution Rand, you're still part of the problem.
They want everyone's input.
FIGHT
It's a disaster. Vote against it.
# can you talk with Mike Huckabee he has some interesting ideas
if Ocare fails, then people can jump over to one of the others. Then everyone is happy!
@KYGOP You had a chance last yr to participate in 7 month GOP  debate on this, why r u grandstanding now???
Why is "Affordable Healthcare" equated with insurance solutions? Get after the cost drivers and stay away from insurance!
@All100Senators @reason you mean bc it doesn't go far enough screwing over the the elderly, poor and middle class?? #GOPNoCare
Freedom results in better quality of life for everyone.  It's statism that screws people over.  Read some history.  Learn some economics.
better quality of life doesn't come from freedom of poor choices - I have a degree in history
Agreed!
because it is a big bag of horse poop
@StefanMolyneux @reason What is the RUSH? REPEAL. OR Let OCare fail.HC is Ruined already. Take away free HC to Politicians.
#repeal #repeal #repeal!! Thank you for your fight
@StefanMolyneux @reason Take away free HC from RINO RYANS. REPEAL. Then work slowly to replace.No freebies for congress.
Repeal. Take your time. Then start over. You might want to bypass insurance companies. They are the ones driving up the cost.
#Obamacare2 #lockhimup #Impeach45 #howmanymoredays #doyourjob #horriblefordemocracy @CBSNews
@gsarnoldjr yes the bill sucks repeal and replace with no bill not government business
America deserves better, full repeal only
Gop & pres Trump pushing this crap on us. Don't stand for it full repeal
Well the people didn't like him for POTUS and we don't like his childish tantrums. Y DONT U care about ppl suffering.
@POTUS 
We want Rand Paul's bill! NOT  OBAMACARE LITE!
Mr. President watch out for the lobbyists and pocket congress!
Don't give in to Trump- He wants to show America he can "close a deal" - that's his only objective.
Don't give in to the President & cave like the other hypocrites on healthcare. Hope you have a bit more backbone.
1. VOTE TO ELIMINATE THE AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. 2. "FREE MARKET" ALL THE Way!
Gee, maybe some advance research would help in the future.
@ColumbiaBugle @reason 
Fight it rand...vote for a total end..
Let market reboot
I agree with you 100%!
What happens 2 me who has preexisting heath condition if I can not get into an associated healthcare group what then?
You are right.  Repeal now to keep your promise.  Replace later if at all.  Get the government out of health care.
thank you for opposing this new budget busting entitlement program.  Hope you can convince others to just say no to tax credits
It does not make any sense 2 me that I have 2 join an associated healthcare Plan-because of a preexisting health condition??.
interesting you talk about cost...it cost us taxpayers either way..if not taxes in premiums.
@51LouShelly65 @reason I am totally disappointed in this bill.  Government has no business in the insurance business.
Keep fighting it Senator..#RyanCare sucks
Rand - I like you - so where's your proposal? you've had years to come up with one. The answer can't be just repeal
Fix it.
@Mulmack @reason Yes you can pull the rug from under ACA recipients. Same w all entitlements. Just takes balls.
Full repeal first! No Obamacare 2.0!
Rand, this the first draft. Get in there and edit, insert the changes you'd like to see. Be a part of the solution; n/prob
@chrisloonam The search is over
we need RandCare
RandCare Lite™
When are Rs going to get some nuts? They were just elected. Stop being afraid of the media!!!
You show Gop Eddie. You R so brave. Why not volunteer 4 Navy Seal..Trump will take care of you.
I don't like it but much better than what we have now. Gotta meet in the middle sadly
Restore indiv freedom in healthcare decisions. Relieve pressure on small business. Revive economic growth. Screw the Dems.
Get in there and fight for us, Senator! I have always loved the way you want to save us money.
@deejohnston53 @reason have you read the whole bill?
When we spent years telling our elected officials to repeal every word of #Obamacare, we meant it. #teaparty
Please post your plan.  I don't understand how you can advocate repealing something without a replacement.  PLEASE outline how you see this.
- Negotiate more statehood rights and less Federal control please.
I support Rand Paul plan , Help spread the word #repealRyan2018
You are poison to the American people, you do not care if millions go bankrupt without good insurance.
Block this bill with al you are worth. We voters are counting on you.
I respect you for speaking out for what you believe in.
To repeal and not replace  as you would like, would be evil. It would cause backruptcy and death for millions.
how about we do something radical like follow the Constitution and make the gov stay out of the health ins business. #AHCA
PLEASE DO NOT REAPEAL THIS AND LEAVE US WITH NOTHING as you propose ! To be without insurance terrifies us!
Hether rarely speaks of herself in the 3rd person,  which is weird, but she agrees with Rand on the bill.
I don't need the government to penalize me for not having insurance.  I don't need "incentives"; I need a job.
your a smart guy but let's be real. This is a stand alone bill no Democrats will support! Phase 1 makes a huge dent in HC
it's less than 200 pages. Obamacare was 20.000?   I can't imagine it not being 1000% better! 
Talk positive, work with this plan, make improvements.  Don't sound like the opposition party!
give your input to the speaker.
Why can't capitalist GOP stop touting a Socialist health system? Does GOP think socialism is better direction for U.S.?
@OliMauritania @reason So now start the negotiating and be a help not a hindrance and get it done. Its not about just your way.
please keep your promise to repeal and replace Obamacare. The people's will is more important than being right. Please compromise.
Senator Paul thank you for your service and voice of all Americans who want to get Healthcare right this time around.
Keep fighting for us.
it seems that the health care tax credit entitlement additionally is contrary to the promise to simplify taxes.  Ty Sir
we are retired and feel we deserve a tax credit like the young get for children and companies get for providing HC
we do not want any thing like obamacare just take it back to normal time
Please, Please, Please fight for repeal!!! Major changes needed!!
Repeal This Treasonous 2,700 Paged Bill That Was Never Read!  Jail All Who Voted For It For Treason!  Remove All Of ocare Now!
nor do I.
Sir, we need a clause that REQUIRES ALL DOCTORS to ACCEPT all insurance plans.  If the doctors all drop out, insurance is useless.
when congress and senate are required to use the healhcare plan for the citizens only then will i think it a good plan
constitution does nt say gov is to provide health care. Regulate cost and let private sector deal with healthcare
The bill is horrible. We stand with Rand and demand the bill president Trump promised.
@EricBoehm87 Now you are joining the "Obstructionists Democrats". Are you simply upset cause they did not implement your plan?
Aren't you and Barasso the only actual medical doctors in the Senate?
@EricBoehm87 There are many people who don't qualify for Medicaid that still need financial assistance with cost of healthcare.
@POTUS tweeted about you and your plan yesterday @RandPaul
at least you get to read it first before you vote for it.
Senator, I stand with U against the new AHC Bill. Please fight strong to completely REPEAL old bill & REPLACE! No tweaking the old
instead of calling it Lite be specific and say what is wrong with it? Spell it out with VP Pence get involved instead of camera op
@nyimplantdds @reason Speak up Rand Paul! Refuse to cave in. Why can't we get same health care as our reps? 
get Ryan in line
& we really don't like #PaulRyan as #speakerRyan nor his #BetterWay Replace him @freedomcaucus 
http://fwact.org/Z8GxcLx?gclid=CPHj5M3nxtICFRB2fgodlBYOWA …
Health savings accounts r NOT health ins. If you dont use $ you lose it. Not a good idea even 4 well off folks now. It's a GOP LIE
we need you as president!!!
I mean what do you know about health care? You've only been a MD for 25+ years, but no one will listen to you  
Why don't you write a replacement?!
@StefanMolyneux @reason  Vote No!!!
Can we just REPEAL and NOT REPLACE?
@SpeakerRyan @SenSchumer Dems are sitting out again. Let's have a brainstorming session to get it right. Get out the sticky's!
POTUS says you love it
I am a moderate that respects but not always agrees with you.  They needed  fix Obamacare not gut it. Penalty higher, costs lower.
Must repeal to get rid of bad regs! Give Medicaid to states. Stop government health care. Costs must come down! I stand with Rand!
this is nothing but Obama care lite!! Scrap it, & start from scratch!!
@breton_anne @reason Good, we don't like him either
Don't let this Bill pass if it HURTS Senior AMERICANS
good for u Rand Paul! ! #standup
this Dem says, "keep fighting for the American people!"
@annie_amountain @reason negotiate,negotiate!!
@Serafinos @reason GOP best get act together and replace this law.....or we know they were all in it and never to be trusted again
Rand, you're like an island of sanity in an ocean of shit.
Negotiations and compromise, Rand....
Yep the GOP elitist selfish cowards in Wash. need to figure out why they were given a majority NOT special interests
@EricBoehm87 Obamacare is unconstitutional.
I agree it's more of the same!
Work to make it better Publicity will not save American families budgets
Standing
Why is Senators & Congress healthcare better than American taxpayers? OUR TAXES pay 4 yours. Is your life more valuable than mine?
Your a good man Rand.  Please find ways to cooperate with the new cabinet vs against.  You have many talents/value to add.
- my wife is an EXPERT on KY medicaid. Rand is EXACTLY spot on. We need to listen to him!
I like Jim Jordan's plan.  Let's do that.
.@KissMyAmFlag RT @PotUS; #HealthCare is individual, between self, family, med people, Not #govt. Not in or of #USConstitution. @RandPaul
Please help to defeat this Bill.  ASK all of the senators if they would switch to this insurance and the answer is NO. #HELP
The "revision" is a complete joke. May as well leave it be. 7 years and this is their answer? Rand was correct to dismiss it.
me n my white tears
PLEASE get on board w/ @realDonaldTrump Healthcare plan. #America can't afford to have you turning against him. You can edit it.
Failure of Obama Care. How can you not see that it is all our lives involved! Too many egos in all you politicians work together!
is this another entitlement where people paying ZERO taxes get huge refunds on taxes, even tho medicaid is provided FREE??
why do you not try to work with everyone to come up with something to totally repeal & replace ACA rushing will produce same -
Trump said be a big boy & fall in line w the others who've sold their souls to the devil. Or Russia. Same diff. @realDonaldTrump
Dear Rand, Please get it fixed!!!
what ins companies have committed to being part of this plan? They talk about over state coverage, what companies?

this is the only country that allows insurance companies to dictate the kind of care people get. its legalized extortion, END IT.
You're having a hard time tonight.
get rid of insurance companies, they are only legalized extortion with no right to control american healthcare.
Its your government that allows them to extort your money... via the ACA!
i know. its not just the aca, we always had to pay health ins for both parties. neither looks out for ppl, only corp
It doesn't kill enough people
.@RandPaul @SaintDeplorable @reason firing at each other suicidal, and tweets speaking in the 3rd person singular are pompous. 2-end/
.@RandPaul @SaintDeplorable @reason Now that she's read it, @SallyTreadwell finds Sen. Paul's tweet annoying on 2 levels: conservs 1/
really bad concept at this time, it needs to fail & be fully repealed. Medicaid Agency could do better & bring in Medicaid LngTerm
Medicare has to many faults even so Medicaid Drs must complete a lot of paperwork per patient ea visit ∴ Thats poor record keeping
than show us your plan !
Go get em, Rand. Don't let that disaster pass.
Senator Paul is correct.
@marcorubio @SenTedCruz Take the #Democrats lead-DONOT GO2 THE PRESS! #Republican nd 2 UNIFY like Dems! Be QUIET 2gether!
Please kick your fellow GOPs in opposing this bill. It's genocide in the making!!
Isn't this the first round, though?  More changes coming around September.
repeal, not replace!!
It's okay. We have a smart POTUS who will give Sen Paul his ear. #MAGA
what do you make of @POTUS tweet to you on health care? Was he being sarcastic or was he really supporting your position?
STAND STRONG. Sanity is still OK with the majority.
@MattMiller89 @EricBoehm87 They should let you work on the next 2 phases.
Please do what you can to stop this Ryan/Trump care, it is worse than the ACA, WE WERE PROMISED IT WOULD BE REPEALED! And it's not
I agree, just repeal ACA. Big government get out of our business. Regulate yes, operate NO.
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul The new healthcare bill needs to be able to be purchased across state lines. Campaign promise.
@potus Mr President Please meet with Rand Paul and go over why this bill is garbage..
your colleagues are wer conservatives. Neo-con leftovers from the 90s with no backbone.
Hey, @RandPaul do you have the 60 votes needed for a full repeal? That must be part of 'discussion'. @StefanMolyneux
well get some changes
@StefanMolyneux @reason I've had you up to here Rand
Please put your repeal plan online so the PEOPLE can see & compare. Thanks
I HOPE THIS NEW BILL DOESNT PASS. TRUMP PROMISED NEW HEALTHCARE AND FULL REPEAL - THAT IS WHAT WE WANT
Glad you are in communications with Trump on YOUR bill. Keep up the fight. We are behind you.
