Getting a clean repeal instead of fixing the Obamacare sounds more to me like an act of assholeism and racism: repeal did not make any sense
BUT KEEPING SOCIALISM IN PLACE IS A GOOD THING. PLEASE MOVE BACK TO SPAIN.
The ACA is NOT socialism. It is capitalism embodied. Mandatory insurance but left to private insurance companies with little oversight?
Nope. Just the standard dictionary definition.
I have mandatory insurance on my car.
No repeal = no votes in 2018
Please make that a promise.
Only way Democrats will win anything. The resistance theme is a loser with independents and moderates.
Many Rs will vote D in '18 to get this joker out of office and try to salvage some sort of dignity from the fallen former party of Reagan.
You do realize no matter how many "Rs vote D" in 18, Trump will still be President.  No presidential election in 18
If D's take over in 2018, in ur dreams trump will be president "impeachment"
If they find any evidence.  So far just alot of speculation.  I am 1st to say impeachment, if evidence of a crime is presented
Obstruction of justice is written all over his 6months presidency, now trying to fire his AG he appointed for recusing from Russia  #newlow
What about the other 50+ clean repeal bills that failed when Obama was President?
Republicans are liars and frauds! Single payer here we come, thanks Republicans.
We the people want that crap revealed. Stay the course. How about we just change Fed Code of Regs 4 Insurance industry to allow competition.
Z
Repeal only. Per the 10th Amendment any replacement belongs to the states. It simply is not a federal issue. Congress is meddling.
Oh remind me again was it the first one during past 7 years?
Someone told me that no one has died in US because not having access to healthcare. Is it true?
You are a lost party without a sail or rudder. Very sad.
We should all vote independent candidates from now on
When the Dems win they take power. When the GOP wins they take office.
What are you smoking?
Good job Senator
Hey deplorables here's a song called "Treason in the Rose Garden "https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10211897093656170&id=1636166946 …
Dems said it didn't need fixing (lie) or JUST needed fixing. I saw no Dem legislation submitted for fixing. Now they HAVE to do something!

Here's a song that is going viral called "Treason in the Rose Garden "
Victory is only Full Repeal of Obamanation Care
No. No it's not a victory
A vote isn't victory. REPEAL is a victory, nothing short of it will do.
@randPaul How can you call that a Victory? We are still in the same place as before the vote.
It's a victory because he still has a job. There was never a plan to repeal or replace, just a slogan to fool voters.
Yeah well we don't want govmnt health care..
Y'all voted on a clean repeal like 50 times in the last 7 years.
Easy to do when you know it will get vetoed and you are not responsible for it going into effect/kicking ppl off insurance.
It would be nice if the repubicans had some guts. Like Rand Paul. 
ummm and that's a victory how?
Because now you know who aren't real conservatives!
And how pathetic they were to vote for repeal with Obama veto shield...... cowards
Now we know their true colors!
A loss for America that you're throwing us all under the bus and only care about the profits you make and your own bigotry in doing this!
Lol, its a victory when you cant acheive anything when controlling all three branches of govt.
I have been able to receive extra help from Medicaid in Texas i would financially be destroyed.  If that were to lose it
Rand needs to expose his weak business peers....total sellouts.
Victory in Failure Rand?
Gave you Rep every thing U asked for. House, Senate, and the WH. You Rep cannot Govern, U lied to Us Americans. A No vote for YOU next Elect
I agree! It shows who went back on their promises.
But it lost, so why are you happy?!?
It must get old to the house of senate  that Lee , Cruz and Paul are the only ones that care about the American people?
Traitors
So @DrRandPaul... you forced a vote on something you knew you couldn't win. Digging yourself a hole.  Good luck next election.
Take out your "Social Security Card" see you are a "Socialist" already and didn't even knkw it. Hypocrites. #Resist.
you should have got that passed
U need to go

Now we know who they are. Now we need to work hard to remove the people who voted against a full repeal from office.
July 27 2017 the American Cold Civil War continues. We still have a dysfunctional DC CLUB in power. Time for
Thank you Rand on behalf of my grandchildren for what you do for us. However, you are the few. I support this now.
GALaPagosMike Thank you for having the foresight to see bad decisions now will effect our prosperity for many years to come a rare quality
Thanks to god for true conservative s like Rand Paul. Health care and the right to murder the unborn are not in the Constitution. Undo them!
you have to give it to GOP, they can certainly spin a shitty story.
Taxation is Theft
Liar.
Spoken like a true controlled opposition.
When will the people have VICTORY?  You got a NO VOTE, right?
But you didn't get the bill passed and you used an eff date that won't take effect for two years.  Get those goofs to change their mind
You uniformed fool. We don't want a government healthcare system. It's cheaper to hand out cash then letting D.C. Build another bureaucracy
Until you all get you s### together there is no victory.  Americans are hurting, while you pompous a holes enjoy top of the line care.
That's a pretty fucking low bar. With all three branches of gov, you got a failed vote! Who could have dreamed of such glory!
That is great. You got it on record.
Help!
Where do we go from here?
Full repeal Obama care now
Isolate those against and campaign hard against them in primaries!
only a politician would claim victory from defeat!
The vote results tell the voters what we need to know.   It is easy to see now the sock puppets for Big  Medical Insurance and Big Pharma .
Thank you @RandPaul for fighting for the people!
Seriously?! That's a victory?! THATS A GIVEN!! NOW GET IT DONE! Or the American people will begin the rallying cry of "Term Limits"!!
Confirming who the rinos are.
Although more probably would have voted against but they knew that didn't need to expose themselves as there were already enough votes.
Rand Paul, sadly likes the political circus and sabotaging Mr Trump healthcare agenda
Didn't you already do this, like, 60 times before this over the last 6 or so years? Yeh, thought so.
A Repub Senate voted it down, ahole
Yeh. It exposed the liars.
Keep telling yourself that.
The Senate has failed us choosing their pockets over our health care!
please...moral victories are not going to give people healthcare of lower premiums...useless
It did expose the RINO GOPers. They are liars.
And now we have the names of the all talk no action Rs! The 7 dwarfs! @LouDobbs @HeyTammyBruce @RealDrGina @dbongino @POTUS
And a victory for Americans that it was rejected.
Senator, you're all pathetic at this point. Inteukynhipe you know that. You've had SEVEN YEARS. 7. Come on.....
Only a victory when that crap legislation gets repealed!
You and General Custer should meet at the Alamo to celebrate!
Now we know the truth of these Senators and where they really stand. They basically lied for the last 7 years.
Low Bar
Rand doesn't want his state to lose healthcare, he's playing along because no chance of repeal success. Useless duchebag stands for nothing
Fantasy island
THANK YOU RAND PAUL FOR STANDING UP FOR AMERICA! 
i DONATED TO YOUR CAMPAIGN THE FIRST TIME YOU RAN FOR SENATE!
And to the DEMS GOES THE VICTORY!!!
Thank you Rand for the clean repeal.
The Senate has not done anything on health care that can be considered a victory.
This man should just crawl under a rock.
Rand Paul chokeing his chicken.
But now the add-ons come.  Can you or #POTUS let us know what is added on & by whom? We're tired of pork that has nothing to do with health.
Why don't you give up your gov't healthcare and see how far you get! @CongressGOP @JohnMcCainDaily @realDonaldTrump
Randpaul...YOUR FIRED!!
This is more of what we face if not reversed... death spiral. You've been warned.
we were and still are on the edge of financial collapse. Debt doesn't lie, it grows and if not reversed will tip us over.
Thanks for trying, but getting a vote on clean repeal isn't a victory unless it passes.
No sir, a loss is never a victory.
We need to vote these people out of office
Man Kentucky sure got the rif raf HUMAN GARBAGE senators!
A no vote is a vote to be proud of.
Yeah 61st time's the charm, too bad this time it didn't pass, right Rand?
Well turn coat you won't be elected again
Lol
Will you vote on reality now?
The one district in America made up of largest population on Medicaid is Rand. Rand is NOT doing his job=take care of his district BYE BYE
But no victory for the American people
Victory? For the working man victory would be health care we can once again afford. Get together and Do your Job.
Shame on you!!!!!!
This is one the saddest fucking headlines I've ever seen.
I Stand with Rand! The Freedom Caucus needs your support! They are the only Senators and Representatives who are fighting for Americans!
Thank you Senator, now we know who stands where for repeal.
Yes for you its a victory...Too bad we can't enjoy it, but appreciate effort
Another LOSS trying to be peddled as a win. Loser!
RAND, please just smoke a doobie for fucks sake

Very low expectations. I'm not impressed.
So much winning. A participation trophy.
7 Republicans voted to not Repeal Obamacare.  How is that a victory?
We don't need symbolic victories. Had enough symbolic votes in the past to repeal O'care. Ted Cruz was right, senate R's surrender caucus
I fail to see how it's a victory.
Some victory Paul, Republicans have had years to sort this out, Republicans will pay for this failure.
You didn't get it through, failed.
It's people like @RandPaul that are screwing this opportunity up
I wouldn't exactly call it a victory since it (we) lost that vote.
It's not about you! It's about American people! What American people need want and voted for! Get over yourself put American people first!
But some of your cowardly senators don't have the guts when the chips are on the table and the President calls their hand.
So the first 60 weren't  enough  huh?
I sense the possibility of GOP folding the tent. Skinny is running into some trouble. No bill yet as of 7:15 pm ET.
Stop making excuses & fight 4 why we voted 4 u. Stop being politically correct & get pissed  & do something. Ur losing & u r the majority.
Repeal Rand
You did nothing. Stop the BS
Hahahaha I guess take what you can get even if it's nothing?
Rt like a false orgasm
Vote out anyone that doesn't vote for it.
I must say all it takes is Balls and Balls is what it takes and these Rhinos have NONE!
Just another swamp creature trying to save face b4 taking paid vacation on our dime!
#phonysenator only vote to repeal with Obama's veto. #phonysenator
No Rand, it's only victory if u actually get job done right, not vote 4 the sake of saying we tried now we're going on vacation. Nice try!
No it's not a victory it's a massive failure!! Once again the American People have been victimized for political gains!!!
BFD, @RandPaul that accomplished NOTHING. Rep Party must get its act together and decide on a direction.
Publish the list of ney voters so we know who to retire. Then your amendment won't be a total waste of time and effort.
It's both winning & losing!
@senrobportman Guess that means @senrobportman is NOT a conservative.
No victories. We still have no plan for healthcare. Too may worried ab own political career. Don't care ab hardworking ppl not getting HC

#stupidorliar
And it is a canary in the coal mine when we flush out establishment empty suits following their moneybag lobbyists not following their word
So what were all the votes you held to repeal it during the last 7 years?
participation trophies for the conservative snowflakes
Sure. You can add it to the other 60+ impotent votes taken for a clean repeal. Victory never looked so good!
... not repealing is insane ...  GOP Senate didn't like Obamacare when it passed ... what's so good about it now?
I am so confused!  Or was that your plan?  Please spell it out what just happened.
Huh?  You have very low expectations of victory,  Senator.
Bullshit
@randpaul, can we find out why #DepartmentofDefense drops $84 million a yr on Viagra? & taxpayers cannot get basic/essential #medicalcare?
victory in losing? Moral victories? Sounds like the lefties. Want a participation trophy?
No! It's a loss for conservatives and everyone else that we aren't getting repeal of any kind thanks to your hardheadedness!
Shame on those Repubs who voted against it. Clean the slate, back to free interprise
What was this one... the 64th vote to repeal? The ACA is the Republican plan. You're caught being liars to your fans for 7 years.
Bullcrap
You betrayed America.  
Traitor.
Senator, are you high? This is a defeat!
Whoa, Rand, buddy....sounds like you've been around trump too much. You're spinning more than the kid' s head in The Exorsist.
Failures are victories! Sounds like the democrats - give me a break.
So sick of all the political posturing, get rid of the turd already!! We are getting raped out here!!
Yes. And American people need access to buy health insurance now all closed enrollment
Seriously? Get back on your meds!! We got nothing!!!!!
defeat for America !
Now we know which Senaters to Repeal and replace
???????????????????? @RandPaul
We now know without a doubt who the rats are living in the Swamp #remove.
No Rand it's not, pass a repeal and then you can celebrate until then it's all show. Do your jobs or get out! You've had 7 yrs. long enough.
Doesn't feel like a victory..
Did you vote yes on clean repeal? #Obamacare
Like saying you scored a point in a game you lost.
This is what it feels like to watch monkeys fling shit at the zoo isn't it. Hmm. Underwhelming.
what are we, #Democrats celebrating moral victories instead of real ones? Stop celebrating loss and get this done
yes, that's nice dear

@RandPaul maybe a victory for conservatives but a defeat for Americans suffering. The ones who voted against in GOP need to be shamed
What an ignorant statement.
Rand, sad that the small victories are where your happy now. Must be hard not getting a big win. Your 15 mins are up! Bye
You failed to repeal. Therefore, you failed. Disgusted with the lying GOP.
Spin all you want. We know they did nothing they promised they would.
Let's all pretend we've a thriving democracy. Keep up appearances. Kin Jong-Il would be proud.
