Bullshit hurting not only America but the world, a az rep here not liberal and #changingthehouse in 2018 he's destroying US shame on you!
He's not hurting America. He did the right thing!
Another blind fake Christian trump voter. Too many. Very sad
Lol
If I would tell you how many Trump supporters replied lol to me you won't believe me. Sheer emptiness. Sad
LOL is the appropriate response to your logically fallacious approach. You don't see that which is humorous
Nothing funny here. Just sadness. Hard to believe how DJT succeeded at brainwashing so many Americans
He didn't. Many don't believe the global warming hysteria.
Russian puppet as well. Unbelievable
Investment in clean energy could create 10x that many...#GOPruiningtheFuture
We spend billions every year on green energy, primarily solar.
And those billions spent on clean energy go towards employing people. One of the fastest growing industries on the planet too.
Yes but only because of subsidies. So essentially it becomes a government job because more often than not, solar companies report net losses
Kinda like how the car companies were going under and we bailed them out. Well to keep solar going we will have to constantly fund them
Evidence for this claim?
I actually googled it again and right away it said "Solarcity posts 250 million net losses despite installation expansions"
I did too. Most recent available filings are 2015. How many coal companies, coal-powered plants filed 10-K forms, relied on govt support?
Listen to you speak how in the hell are your an elected senator don't get it. Have no balls to stand up to the crooked president must be
Lining your pockets to pull out of this getting rich while in office sad time for the republican office
I like you Rand Paul! Thank you for being a true American and not a sore loser! 
Why would he be a sore loser?He is a Republican.
There are many Republicans that are being just that. Working against POTUS
You mean the ones putting the people first instead of big money?
Yeah sure! 
I'll be back in BG this summer. Wanna meet at Spencer's and talk about the Great Bowling Green Massacre? I was there when it happened.
Thank you, Thank you Thank you!!!!!!!!!!
and how's that riverfront development park going in Meade County,  KY going?
Nothing he has done thus far has been good or created jobs.
I truly believe Obama was and still is trying to make USA INTO A SOCIALIST &COMMUNIST COUNTRY. OBAMA IS A VERY ANGRY MAN
He was created by the deep state, a creature of the deep state
I am inclined to agree. YK
And would you mind telling us where you got that number
Psalm 20:5
We will rejoice in your salvation, And in the name of our God we will set up our [1/2]
banners! May the Lord fulfill all your petitions. [2/2]
family is in pain bc ppl like u won't stop with the lies. Plz keep defending DT he will bring u down 2. He always does. Or defend
Help our President. Thank you.
Tell that to the tree hugger of which I happen to be but I am a tree hugger with a brain this does nothing to help the environment
at 600x the current CO2 level, we would all be dead. You pulled figures out of your ass Stop pretending you gave facts on Global Warming
So where are these 6M jobs supposed to come from?  Coal was already dying a slow death long before Obama came into office.
The most overrated,incompetent,incoherent, trump in sheep clothing in US
what action? The Parris Accord pull out? I'm down with that!

"Up to" how many of those jobs are politicians?
What's wrong w u
Happy your on board with The President of the United States.  @POTUS
....And lose our leadership in the world with clean sustainable energy. You shortsighted bought out morons.
Normally I try to be reasoned and erudite when replying to this sort of stuff, but this deserves a simple "bullshit." #Covfefe
Great. Which planet are they going to live on? #Parisclimateaccord
I agree.  The President did well today.
You're a bad person.
I cannot believe that both you and McConnell support this. I've literally NEVER been more embarrassed to be a Kentuckian. This is SHAMEFUL.
Oh, really? Give us the details on that pie in the sky theory.
What have you been doimg. You care nothing for the pe0ple
Please stop miss leading ppl. These ppl believe u. You are damaging the country. Why? Omg they believe in pizza gate. Seth Richs
Does that include the factory that is putting a lot of people out of work, wasn't that news yesterday. over 500 workers cut.
What factory?
Carrier.  The one Trump made all of the noise about.  They are using the subsidies they got to buy robots, too.
Caterpillar 800 jobs Chicago
So now Caterpillar is laying off 800 people due to @POTUS withdrawing from the climate accord???
no just saying he lied jobs are not gaining they are losing. None of these has to do with today just saying he lied today
Right.  All this stuff they've said in the past about jobs -- has turned out to be a lie.  Which tells me their words mean nothing.
Tracy & John, that's just not true. Please take the time to check things out for yourself vs. listening to the news. I read a TON
Nice parroting of BS.
I'm happy we're out. Not a fan of wealth redistribution &loss of freedom. Do you know what agenda 21 is??
B/c US is losing world respect in record time.
Definition of leader? One who stands alone in tough times, or one who follows crowd? 
Trump is best leader in a long time.
He is mentally ill.  I recognize that as millions do. He has always been a greedy liar, self serving only
The level of ignorance in this tweet is truly mind blowing.
You tell 'em! I'm sure they're paying close attention.
Clearly your time in the military has resulted in the inability to recognize facts. Sad to see honestly, I thought you were a smart guy.
(/me furrows brow) Facts? I wasn't aware you had presented any. (/me shrugs)
The fact that climate change is real and the fact that the agreement as a whole is good even if some implementation needs to be changed.
Oh, climate change is definitely real. It's been changing for a long time now. As to the agreement, we disagree -- scrap it, start over.
So long as starting over is on the table that could work but I get the impression that is far from the case.  I hope I am wrong.
Pretty sure @POTUS is a negotiator. ;-)
Blatant lie!
Have you been living under a rock for the last decade or so?
You libertarians are so blinded by your ideology. Like most ideologues, completely ignorant of the ideas espoused and their ramifications.
On what logic is this? US will most likely loose jobs due to global backlash #dontbuyUS
Really?Sears closing75storesGM+FORD laying off,K-MART also.Forbes says3591 business r closing this year alone.Only God knows how many more
Wow! Where did you get those figures? Try to convince most of America.
It "could" save 74,574,764 jobs.  You can put any fake number you want in there.
I spotted that 2, zero evidence for his claim of saving 6 million jobs.
Amazing how he denounces faith in "flawed data", but wants people to believe this is good for job creation, w/ NO EVIDENCE to back it up.
your country over your party? I'm so disappointed in you. Even this tweet is misleading. U know it. Tell the truth
Sen Paul, serious question: Do u think u would have been able to deal w/the swamp if elected POTUS? They would've smeared u as "Alt Right."
I call BS. This is fake news. Enough with the fluff, where are the facts?
Sen Paul thanks for your CLEAR EXPLANATION of the climate change media hoax. C/C is caused by natural sun temp cycles and are not manmade!
@POTUS cannot be rash .Matter studied deeply how it affected US industry.Ppl will know in TIME . CHINA relocating industries at high cost.
By ur bs argument, there's no evidence that this will bring back 6 mil jobs. But since they pay ur campaign $ their pt is conveniently valid
After you bring the non existing coal jobs and can work on bringing Block Buster video store back! Lol!
I do not believe that statement.
Great Job conning American Citizens!! You're worse than pyramid scheme peddlers.
Obama, Gore and Decrapio must be having seizures right about now. It's another great day in America under this POTUS.
Fantastic speech. Informative. Was not aware of the Paris Accord details. So proud of our President.
I was aware of it and am so proud of POTUS
Bot
Climate change fake
You mean destroy our world and protect Russia. WOW
Exactly what he promised!! He is going to #MAGA in spite of the left wing morons fighting him
No he's going to make Russia great again, and that's about all
WE are so proud of him KEEPING his promises
Where are his tax returns?
Tell me that when ur great grand kids have to wear masks and can't go outside.
Ok how about this, China gets its act together on everything and we as a nation will VOTE on it. As it stands we would be paying for it all
And India?
What about the planet tho. That could cost over 7 billion lives in the future.
they dont give a fuck about the future which is weird.......
You don't give a f about the present!
You know how those drug dealing , rapist latinos think ;))
Who's a drug dealer or rapist or even latino ?
I don't think he was talking about you? You're Muslim obviously right?
You sir, are a joke and unfortunately for the American people, the joke is on us
Republican = Polluters
When are you going to support the Trump agenda?
Why should US taxpayers subsidize LIES and Scams ?
Global is a LIE & they are scamming folks out of fear with NO FACTS to back up their LIES
Thank you. U have my respect.
Thousand yes!
Thank you Senator, you are real patriot, and one of the few GOP members who listen to your voters!
Are you that dumb? Dear God .....
president Trump's action of withdrawal is part of a premeditated diversion away from impeachable activities. Focus. Question everything!!!!

Shame on you. Are you really a physician and still practicing? I'll be scared to be your patient because you are part of Trump's ignorance
No, it makes the US look like a joke. Changing the previous views of just Trump being a joke. He fucked up royally.
Saving 6 million jobs? Based on which InfoWars article. Another alarmist Republican trying to scare America.
#StandWithRand
Our "so called" President is up to his big ears with false news!
We will Resist! Your way is not the way!
Trust @POTUS to use our tax dollars wisely
Bullshit!!!!  Pure and utter bullshit and I'm calling it!
Hahahaha

Complete garbage. Clean energy produces more jobs.
Peanut brain!
NOW GET your fellow Republicans to move OUR agenda forward or get kick off your seat in next election! WE R WATCHING
Thanks now set to be last to adapt to our changing world.  #buggywhips
There's more jobs in renewable energy than coal....
You are out on your rear next election.
Do you guys actually understand our econmy and how it works?
I agree. Glad he is putting the people first. You folks in the Hiuse and Senate need to get his agenda moving.
You're cancer to our society
You should be ashamed of yourselves...damaging our  & humanity for the sake of a few bucks. Disgusting.  Your legacies are down the tubes.
Ohhhh but the sky is falling!!!! Smh..  @POTUS
I just need "1" that pays more than $10 (min wage) and is willing to more than 8 hours a week. #covFEFE
We need to compile a comprehensive dossier on the GOP's arguments. Maybe some will began to see the idiocy under the hair.
Luddites UNITE!!!
InGod we TRUST Job 38:4-11!!He created the world&He set its boundaries,sends hail,rain etc! He's in control&He's All Powerful/Omniscient!!!!
When America steps down,  Canada steps up
U are letting your grandchildren down mr.senator.They are going to grow up in a crappy american enviroment,because of politicians like you!
it "could" rather than it "will" more fake news!
Hurray, that's what we need is a smart president that can't be pulled down by liberal propaganda 
Show us your math please.
I thought you were better than that Rand. One of only 3 nations! 3!! You know darn well coal ain't comin back! Shameful.
The worst part is out of the other 2, one is currently at war with no govt. And  the other thinks it isn't strict enough
FAKE NEWS
Jobs doing what? Destroying the planet?
Sources?
Mr Fart's decision may do what you say but it will not save the planet, the only one we have !
No country is required to do anything under the agreement. Why lie to American? It didn't hurt us, wind and solar offer jobs with future.
The freakout is just so LMAO.  The "accord" did nothing meaningful to "save the planet".  It was always just a 3rd world and corp boondogal
Ya, it's about time someone put America first!
@WhiteHouse @realDonaldTrump LIAR!!!! the whole lot of the republicans, and our disgraceful president
What good are jobs if the world is destroyed You care nothing for the future of our children
Thanks for your support! Next up: tax reform.
Heck of a gutsy call. Huge for all energy sectors. Nobody said we were going to ignore the enviro. This move gives more leverage to MAGA.
Bought and paid for by corporations and pharma. It's a good living ruining America. You're getting rich from it.
Ok, it's time to say this. As a life long GOP voter, I didn't vote for you in the primary. My mistake. You're a great surprise.
ABSOLUTELY.  Thank you Senator, for making that clear.  "We" are all ready to start fighting back.  @realDonaldTrump
And work on Our President's agenda. It is not the Dems who will vote Ya'll back in. It us the ppl.
This is the worst agreement any American president has ever agreed to!!!
those are real jobs too, not gov and tax payer subsidized fake obama jobs
Yayy, we'll create some temporary jobs in non-renewable energy while destroy our non-renewable planet! Genius..
And our planet will die a slow death in the meantime.
You,sir are correct!
It's not surprising when Pres Trump and Sen Paul agree on policy it's good policy.  You two need to team up and finish HC and Tax reform.
... that one works!
Spoken like a true destructionist. GOP can only live in the past. They have no ideas for the future. This will COST jobs not save them
You were bought off! Who are you kidding!
LIAR!
I cannot agree with you more, and now he will need your help in the Senate
It's not jobs-jobs-jobs.   It's wages-wages-wages.
Now if the states would worry as much
Thanks @RandPaul  you have a good head on your shoulders. We have everything to gain by enthusiastically on the Trump Train. "Good for USA".
I think the Paris agreement is saying one thing and Trump is saying another. Which means AMERICA FIRST ALWAYS in a different view.
I am so disappointed in your short-sightedness on this issue Sen Paul.
Who would have thought someone that fought the establishment would support Trump like paul...proves which republicans are the problem.
Low paying service jobs, or jobs that will be replaced by robots?
Bullshit. There are more jobs to be made in Clean Energy than Fossil Fuels. This decision will HURT the USA and our Economy. Shame on you.
Absolutely False.  But aligning with Syria looks real good as a public policy as opposed to the rest of the 195 countries in world.
Thank you @RandPaul  AMERICA FIRST!  You are Great! Speaker?
Bullshit.
Lies
It's horrible news you rube! Just handed the largest growing industry to China!!! Guess you're content not be a world leader at anything!!
COULD? Trmp said it WOULD. 
Big difference
Yeah...save the 6 million jobs, but the Earth won't be around for the people to apply for the jobs. You guys are a joke and shuld all resign
Liar.
Exactly how??
You mean the jobs done by robots? Right... You sir, are a fool.
How is that the case?  Haven't we lost jobs due to the withdrawal and lack of foothold in other countries by American business?

Hip hip hooray 
Like DT, you need to get a brain.
Fake news, clean energy generates innovation and jobs but now will likely be highly taxed by foreign nations.
Tell that to Spain. Green energy nearly destroyed their economy.
The problem was in Spain's implementation.
Lol. It wasn't real socialism either. Do you clowns even hear yourselves?
We have to help people out of a fossil fuel addiction. Coal is a dirty & dangerous material. Especially when solar & wind jobs are better...
Remember the last time we had a dangerous spill of solar panels? Nope. How often does coal ash & pipeline spills foul up our water supplies?
