huge supporter Dr. very disappointed you voted for Sessions.
"it makes no sense to investigate a fellow Republican " you're a sellout, just like Ryan.
You voted against Loretta Lynch due in part to her position on civil asset forfeiture, yet voted for Sessions. @Morning_Joe @MSNBC
Too bad "Mr. Principles" Paul cares more about party loyalty than investigating corruption in Trump's admin.
why? You sold out America on AG nomination
Why did you vote in @jeffsessions? Hes about as anti-Liberty/pro-police state and pro-drug war as it gets. You're better than that
GOP always fall in line. Rand is no different. Sad!

.@RandPaul @Morning_Joe @MSNBC I'm not paid to write to you. My taxes pay you to attend to this. Not going away. Voter with the majority.
Hold a townhall in your state Please, show the media you're responsible and are working for your constituents
A lunatic is in the White House.We can't afford the dangers that will occur due to his mental instability.
I can't believe U sold out & voted for #JeffSessions! I had hope U would stand up for liberty but so far you've only disappointed
2 bad votes by you on DeVos and Sessions!
did i hear u correctly this morning? Talking about going going back to some pay healthcare system?
Sorry Sen. Paul MSNBC is on the list of  Boycotts. Support you 100% but not fake & lying news channels.
You are always trying to reason with unreasonable people.
Thank you for coming out to slam Abrams!
Random checkpoints is not warranted. That's just for inciting riots to lock up more people not illegal.
when are you going to stand up against this administration's conflicts of interest and clear connections to Russia
i hope one day i get hired for a job because someone takes pity on me
TRUMP supporters have told me repeatedly not to watch msnbc because it is #fakenews
Thoughts on Trump’s trip to FL just two weeks into his presidency costing tax payers millions?
Your vote for Sessions disgusts me, Rand. You're just another mindless republican puppet... no values.
Did you talk about trying to make legal what is currently illegal re: medical cartel & antitrust laws?
Sorry Senator. Try FOX and I would be happy to tune in.
Sorry I don't watch MSNBC.
wow you have turned into a wuss. And a DT suck up. New name No Balls Paul. Where did you loose them?
I wont watch you on a fake news outlet even though I <3 the Paul family. The questions wont be pointed.
our PARTY is lead by a tyrant who thinks it's ok to personally attack the other 2 branches of government.
if u wanna better system fix the one thats in play already.
bullshit! All u politicians get free healthcare paid for by Americans!
.@RandPaul @Morning_Joe @MSNBC Notice over 700 re-tweets when on @TuckerCarlson & under 60 for Joe.
I have been boycotting MSNBC for over a year... never to return
msnbc is half news half lies i dont watch enymore
don't let his ego swallow you like the blob
when something is a lie ,just say it's a lie .get a back bone don't loose credibility, stop pandering
I wouldn't tune in to that FAKE NEWS rag if it was the last source on Earth.
We are going to put lipstic on and ROAR The Roar will vibrate and shake your seat. SO START LISTENING!
Make sure to look in the mirror to day and look at a supporter of DICTATOR! S H A M E!
I heard you and you frightened me! You took an oath to tell the truth! Is your president? STOP DICTATORSHIP
His lack of courage on Trump has been telling and if the body politic is awake he will never be president
Rand Paul: ‘Trump Is a Delusional Narcissist and an Orange-Faced Windbag’
if your are concerned about checks & balances you should see that GrifterTrump/Bannon are destroy all of it!
tell us about #facta and #cbtax repeal! 9m us citizens overseas are waiting.
Comparing Obama criticism of judges or any past POTUS is a far cry from this #traitor. Context vs Content!
You blew it!
"Joe, I'll evade any Qs about the Liar & Chief, criticizing him w/show more balls than I'm willing to have."
refusal to hold hearing on Garland is what changed since gorsuch was unanimously confirmed to app ct
You see your boy on Twitter this morning? We've GOT to do something about this. U guys better watch 4 options.
Perhaps the reason Democrats are concerned with Gorsuch is the maniacal dishonest and racist trump admin!
Thanks 4 pointing out the obvious regarding Obama and his attack on the judges.
you haven't answered anything. Ridiculous
what's changed with sessions? Still racist
Sessions=Liberty? Whose liberty are you fighting for?
fake news
hope you get some tough questions on Sessions
#wewillnotgoaway Let's here his Outrage over what his Pres is doing. He won't and will you press him? NOT
Well that is a mistake. Please don't make any more today.
By the way, has Bowling Green recovered from the "massacre" yet?
I do support some of what you are doing, but I am not masochistic.
are we going to repeal the still unread Obamacare law? Come on dr get it done.
Sorry Morning Joe is cannot watch TV.
Joe is not a Journalist.
Yeah or you can go on @FoxBusiness @MorningsMaria 

Where people actually watch. 
God bless
what about the CR and sequester on our military could you please work on that
sorry Dr. you already tuned out.
why?
You didn't say that there would be homework.
