This is unacceptable. This is the biggest issue before Congress and the American people right now.
What is the House leadership trying to hide? My guess is, they are trying to hide their "Obamacare Lite" approach.
Renaming and keeping parts of Obamacare, new entitlements and extending medicaid expansion are not the #FullRepeal we promised
House and Senate passed repeal in 2015. They should keep their promises and bring them up again for a vote now
I demand the House release the text of the bill. Every elected official & every American deserve to know what they're trying to do
I will not vote for Obamacare Lite nor will many of my colleagues. We will keep our word. I call on House leaders to do the same
And I call on them to make this process transparent and to let the sunshine in. Today.
Perhaps you could also call for transparency in Trump's Russia connections, conflicts of interest, and nominees lying under oath?
maybe you shouldnt have been so willing to shill for your R colleagues. I'd like to see you come back to your Libertarian roots.
the House GOP is drunk on power right now. #vile
God you are proper cup of cockspittle aren't you!
@tomscheck nobody knew health care was so complicated ...
@JuddApatow Maybe the Russian ambassador will let you see his copy.
So you have to pass it to find out what's in it?
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
lol
Thanks for letting us know about the secret Obamacare lite bill. All Trump does is brag about the stock market and false economy.
I like stories about secret scrolls.
Worst Dan Brown novel by far

https://twitter.com/funder/status/837180362505728000 … Y Jeff Sessions should resign. From gov. PERIOD! (THREAD) #trumprussia #russiagate #TheResistance
YOU NEED TO FOCUS. #TRAITORGOP CONFIRMED #RUSSIANPUPPET RASCIST. #FireSessions
or you #TraitorGOP keep committing political suicide. I would enjoy it more in innocent people's lives wernt being destroyed.
Do you find that acceptable? Let's work together for transparency.
In due time, Rand, in due time. You have a tendency to shoot your mouth off, in case you haven't noticed.
Hey, it's your party & you support them every step of the way. You're part of the problem. Clean House & Senate.
it's under lock and key to keep out the #Russians.
@joesonka Single payer and you can call it RandCare
@ClaraJeffery Ask the Russians, I'll bet they can find it
@onlxn because that is precisely what you do when you've mined solid gold and don't want your brilliance pilfered. GOT IT!
I'm sure you'll vote yes anyway, but thanks for the status, which we already kinda knew!
Oh wait,guess you'll vote yes as long as it strips away benefits to the poor and elderly!  God forbid we keep anything that helps people
Is this a re-tweet from 2009 ?!
Oh Please! They put it with the Charmin! They're spewing shit again
wtf.why?
Guess being a Senator doesn't mean shit anymore.
Well! Well!  Your services aren't needed at this time on the matter!!!  We The people aren't on your side!
@brianbeutler The bill was right in front of you, but you must truly believe in the magic power of HSAs and tax credits to see it.
@deray will medicaid should be expanded. Or do you not care about everyone being covered? 
they must have it confused with the Queen's jewels. But even those they show to the public...for a small fee
13 men are deciding the fate of America's health. You want to talk about death panels?
@digiteri I have tried to see detail of this bill but it is not available to read!
Thx for RTs. I've only read articles about it, not the actual bill. Strange that it's not public.
Paul has a summary on his website and a slightly different summary is available at http://Senate.gov 
ask Nick Cage to help
Are you and McCain suffering from the same dementia?  You meant the Republicans bill, right?
You had no problem with the lies and overreach before, but now you care about secrecy and inappropriate behavior? Disgusting! 3/
Well, pass the damned thing so we can read it!

-chuckle-
geez what a clusterfuck, huh?
@deray Russia investigation most important. This hide & seek sounds like ruse to distract from DT & his buds. #russianhacking
#FullRepeal If we don't kill Obamacare first we risk it coming back as a hybrid Republican zombie. @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
yeah, a lot of people are being told a lot of things.  Next the "key" will be missing.... Aren't you equally sick of this shit?
@JohnBlecka Translation: It doesn't exist and they r scrambling 2 put something 1/2 way decent together
maybe true, but @RandPaul  already has a plan for replacement
Only will be ok if the replace the whole bunch!  Congress as well.
Amen to that!

@ClaraJeffery this is karma for you agreeing to poison the water.
Sessions lied under oath. Get your head out!  Sorry, but your party has produced bigger fish to fry.
Press on my Senator!
It's unconscionable a sitting US (R) Senator isn't allowed to know what's going on.
is this how GOP operates, Senator?  America deserves something AS good/better than Ocare, not worse!
You mean someone has a key to Trump's mind?
have you tried asking in Russian?
yeah genuinely LOL at this so thanks for that 
you have to pass the bill in order to see what is in it.
Oh Nancy WE SAW WHAT EAS IN THE BILL
Yes, it's locked in a safe with a snipe, a leprechaun and the ring from Lord Of The Rings...
Sessions....anything to say about the news of the day? Haven't seen any Senate Republicans speak out today or last night
Reps calling for him to recuse, Dems for resignation.
you should run for Rand's seat he's not using it
They still won't let you in there? That must be one God forsaken bill!
Keep pushing. #Trumpcare #TrumpTaxes #Trumplies #noAHCA #NOtrumpcare #notmypresident #RESISTANCE #TheResistance #resist #ImpeachTrump #STAND
why are you tweeting this? To get ahead of the blame game when your constituents start DYING from lack of meds or med care?
@GOpHouse <<< just WTH is going on?
Great question
Just called Rep. @MarshaBlackburn 202-225-2811 office, told sec. to ask her WHY?
Sir, sorry 'bout your problems however, there are treasonous cabinet members & president y'all need to be dealing with NOW!
agreed: Schumer, Pelosi, Cummings heck I bet all Dems r treasonous-except 4 Manchin
This sound like ur viewing an episode of "Sliders". Alternate universe man. Shake the water out of ur ears.
I took the red pill
This is YOUR party, Senator.
Congress had best stop playing games and get to work. We did not elect you all so you all could play games.
it will be available when it is presented for vote --good move since you guys leak everything to the left-press
And, the press having access to a pending bill is bad why?
sounds like what an open free democratic society would do.  Not.
who told you that? The Russians?
@LouDobbs I like your plan Rand!
it's next to the picture of their girlfriend...who's totally real...but she lives in Canada
Go get 'em, Senator.
Good we don't NEED leaks!
only the finest Republican leadership here They control the House & Senate but negotiate and bicker via Twitter #fail #leadership
PLZ DEMAND 2 c it! ALOT MORE N IT THAN HC! PROVISIONS 4. GLOBALISM..NWO/ILLUMINATI. AGENDA! YOU MUST GAIN ACCESS 2 IT & GET RID OF
Obfuscation by Progressives, especially Progressive Republicans, militates against transparency. What are they hiding?
.@RandPaul is it too much to hope for that @TedCruz is a horcrux that must be destroyed for us to see the House Obamacare Bill?
@allidoisowen that is rediculous! What the hell is going on...
We will win!!!
Are all the CIA, FBI and Judicial Watch in the Democrats back pocket?
@dzsteph you act surprised.
Enough with Russian BS trolls.
....so Amerikkan.....
"House Obamacare bill"? do you mean repeal bill? or replace bill?
faileth to findeth #GOPCare @LouDobbs
darkly hilarious. Of course, people are going to die thanks to you lot so it's not that funny in the larger picture.
Is it in the same place as the Social Security Lock Box?
Pelosi had said let's sign it first, then read it. Why not go to HER and demand a copy?
All Republicans except you???
@anon6116  only a single payer system will work. Nothing else is mathematically possible or morally acceptable. Reality sucks.
Look for it at the Russian consulate's office. Seems everything else is there.
USA HCA more Carrot .  At death any credit balance is an ASSET in the Holders .estate.
Interesting, got a report from non profit that included "leaked" quoted details of the document.
is this for real???
is that so you can vote away our healthcare at midnight and your constituents will be none the wiser. In the end democrats prevail
we miss Ron Paul
@deray so you don't want to keep the Medicaid expansion for the poor people who need it? That's abhorrent.
so we're the Oscar envelopes. Will the ACA replacement be La La Land?!
.@RandPaul Senator, they have to pass the bill so they can find out what is in it.
Are you comfortable with that? @deray
so who holds the key & who has the authority to see & read it?  Repeal & replace
you'll just have to pass it to see what's i...shit.
: Breaking News!  House Obamacare Bill has been found in Al Capone's Vault!
Is that because it's so toxic it'll kill anyone involved with it?
This is the early version that has the kickbacks to the wrong people to make the right people pay more money.  It wld be unseemly.
@LouDobbs nor should it be until ready! All need to stop egos and work together for the good of US. Does it matter who's plan
everyone of those documents, should be exposed to the public.
because they gave nothing!! Lies, lies, LIES!!
Then it must not be something to brag about.
why? are there some secrets inside?
@LindaSuhler Your party has a habit of "leaking" shit.
@jerweber.  new TRUMP ACA is stored in the Kremlin   @jeffsessions   isn't lying to Congress a crime, resign and go home you coot
It's in a Russian embassy nearby.
@JuddApatow I really wouldn't trust Price Waterhouse.
is anything in congress transparent balance in congress is needed vote democrat
Totally unacceptable.
is that true. Have it unlocked
@rolandsmartin I thought you guys were on sync? Lol
Maybe Trump tax returns are in same place?? Please take a peek!
Seems you're the odd man out on this one.
Are we even sure Nancy even wrote the bill to open it? She's a little shady ya know!
Too bad your party's best ideas were put into ACA originally as compromise. Nothing left in the tank now.
Maybe its not ready & maybe they don't trust you. I want to know too but I want it POLISHED before PITCHED not another ACA mess!
the way it should be right?
check the Russian Ambassadors house
WTH???  Get the friggin key the President should b able to unlock anything this is BS we the people r sick to death of this crap
Well obviously @HouseFloor rules have not changed from @NancyPelosi days. You have to pass the bill before you can read it!
@LouDobbs keep up the good work and get Ryan out of the way you know more than he does
That's pretty stupid
They only have a paper version??????
I will tell them you find it acceptable to spend billions for a useless wall and yet can't find money for their kids check-ups
Please ask them why they don't want their constituents seeing their work. Oh, and whose decision was it to lock it away?
@LouDobbs -  Grow up Rand Paul.
. @RandPaul , with all the leaks around Trump, can you blame them for locking up their shit? Dayum.
well that's not how it works. Find it and reveal it. There should be war on the HILL. We demand answers. From the real crooks
You can find money to expand the already mightiest military in the world but you can't find $$ to give healthcare to a HA SURVIVOR
@POTUSBumblephuq 

It might be easier to find Waldo or Jimmy Hoffa Senator. Call Al Gore maybe it's in the lockbox.
thanks for working to make it public and to repeal obamacare
Are you working with Putin as well as the rest of the Trump Admin? #votethemout
you talking about you and your colleagues not wanting Ocare/ACA and yet your constituents wants it so this is about u not the Ppl
please do your job we need to know some answers on the Russian/putin/trump/ Wilbur Ross Cypress Bank follow the money
Respectfully disagree Senator.  Second biggest issue behind #SessionsLied before Congress and the People & of course #russiagate.
Thank you Senator
So you go crying on twitter. Cool story bro. Grow a pair.
Oh, brother! What a travesty! I want to see it! Now!
well if that is the case, would you please consider talking to @POTUS and maybe the two of you can audit the FED?
That's pretty funny. So you're not in the In-crowd over there right now? Not Russian enough I guess.
much like your Presidents taxes
@SpeakerRyan Are they hiding the pregnancy of an unwed teen girl like families did in the 1950's. Or, can't show plan U don't have
Yeap! You are. Not to be trusted
are they waterboarding the bill? Has the bill given up anything?
@OliviaMesser classic. good luck doing your job!
Good morning.so much for Obamas transparency. So disgusting. Keep fighting!!
That worked out so well last time.
But but you make a public pronouncement, but where are Trumpass' tax returns? ALL TALK, BLAH, BLAH, BLAH
Its just a Kleenex - that's all.
that's how democracy works, right?
Probably in Obama's new white house behind the dogs playing poker canvas.
What the heck is going on up there?
.@RandPaul Dude, I think you mean the Ryancare bill.
#GOP take charge and stop using bipartisan as an excuse. Do your jobs. You have majority. Use It!
So how do we get a COURT to unlock it?  Not covered under FOIA?
you gotta go find it. Get the bloodhou
maybe you should be more worried about our AG @jeffsessions contact with Russian agencies in 2016.  #IHearCrickets #Jellyfish
You have been lied to, again.
that's a lot of security for a blank piece of paper, if they even bothered to symbolically lock up a blank piece of paper.
No one can be trusted to not pass it along to media! Sad but true! I like your plan, but either way, no help for me.Cost will rise
where is your plan? Can we see that?
A true patriot.
you don't know nothing about public healthcare, do you? it's way too complicated, isn't it?
let's hope we can read it before it passes unlike Affordable Care Act. Keep them honest, Senator!
USA HCAccess is a credit card issued by private Credit Card servicer.
@LouDobbs keep fighting RP! Go get it!
Haven't we been here before?
Too. Many. F-ing. Times.
@ChrisBragdon why senator are you not allowed to see it,don't agree to nothing unless you read it,Paul Ryan can't be trusted
what? Go get that key so you could burn it
maybe you should leave Obamacare ALONE and focus on the criminals in the trump administration including trump himself!
@GrrrGraphics YEAH now somebody is getting smart up there 
call them out , keep pressure on them , I don't care if they are republicans  !!!!!
and you are surprised by this?
What are you?  Chopped liver?
not another "pass it before we know what's in it" bill. 
@SpeakerRyan @gop
Starting to think Ryan lied to us.. 8 yrs and NO plan? How can that be possible?
why
@Rockprincess818 how is that possible?  So Republican have the government but democrats are actually calling the shots?
Clearly they're ashamed of something.
Aka, they don't have a bill
@tamaraleighllc ... sounds like the Dems are in charge again!
ACA Bill https://www.gpo.gov/fdsys/pkg/PLAW-111publ148/pdf/PLAW-111publ148.pdf …
USA HCAccess does not effect MEDICARE, Medicaid, welfare or any other government program.
it that is true great but your bill might not be that good or it's all ready items included your and our enemies are the Dems.
