stop giving this guy air time
only decent soul in Washington
The individual mandate=charging people more for insurance coverage lapses. Keep fighting.
look at Rand Paul he wants to join the Democrats!!!
I may not agree but I appreciate that he knows his facts and argues his case intelligently unlike Trump & co.
. @RandPaul he always talk in both sides of his mouth. He has NO idea what it is like to be poor in America.
Ask him why he wants Seniors paying 1/2 their income to healthcare CEOs in @GOP Trumpcare?
AARP—the nation's largest nonprofit w/ 38MIL members—has officially come out against the Republican health plan. 
newsflash the aarp is a liberal organization , wake up scjr don't be stupid like mika #mikaisazero
If I turn it on and see Mika's pathetic cry baby face, I turn it off. Sooner/later your advertisers will know too.
finally, a newsworthy guest
If there's no money for Medicaid how is there money for a Wall?  If there's no money for the poor why more for War?
@GBacar12 @RandPaul  Yuck!
, actually he's not too bad. I mean his looks, no....he's decent.
ask him why he's now saying the complete opposite of what he said on your show in January . 
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/rand-paul-republicans-obamacare-repeal-233177 …
he is saying exactly that
No, he's now saying vote to repeal first, figure replacement out after. Exactly what he didn't want to do in January.
Love you Rand Paul but this one you're well go with your President & win! Eye Love
@morningmika missed your show Mika. Did you get a hug yet?
And he is a traitor.
LOL HARD UP FOR PLACES TO SPEAK?
#StandWithRand
Love Rand Paul; LOATHE morning joe
"if we stick together" (GOP) again it's about us not what you all can do to stay in the good graces of a jackass
"all Republicans agree on that" that's your issue.This isn't abt what you agree on it's what's best 4EVERY AMERICAN.
if repubs can't agree on replace now, why would they after complete repeal?  Leaving us with nothing. #NotRktScience
Negotiate Health Care
Let negotiations begin
Buying across state lines and co-op's is part of The Art of the Deal... Great answer to Barnicle's feeble set-up!
as a DR it's really sad that you still think private insurance companies have any right to meddle in people's health
a year ago you voted on clean repeal because you COULDN'T accomplish it!!!!!! You need to be honest yourself...
Groups sounds good but the insurance companies will only raise their rates base on the expected usage of the plan
How dare u criticize Carsons immigrant comment when BO said same thing many times! Joe you're not Rep or Conserv or loyal!
Like Rand Paul program
Sorry to say this
U guys are so negative
Look at the stock marketl
Tell us what you said because I refuse to watch that show with Mika!
DO NOT LET THIS HEALTH BILL PASS, @RandPaul .  It will DEVASTATE a HUGE portion of the most VULNERABLE, older & poor
and this is why we hate you people you won't tell the truth but it's all good for you privileged people
no, you haven't noticed? Trump says "stand behind you", not "beside you" to allies.
why don't you have the guts to tell the American people that our government gets a single-payer healthcare system
Sen. Paul, will people insured now be able to afford it under your plan or more tax breaks for rich? Tell the truth!
Will you be talking about VAULT7?
When asked will people lose their insurance & response is government won't pay more. DIDNT ANSWER QUESTION! #saveACA
The swamp resists everything, DT will give up fighting. The people will continue to get screwed by career politicians
Ts behavior makes US vulnerable to attack- pls work to get pence in there 2 keep us safe (btw I'm a dem/HRC lover)
Please ask him why Senator's healthcare is better than American Taxpayer's. We pay for his insurance with OUR tax $$$
keep hammering Trump and watch your ratings get smaller than Steve Rattner and Paul Krugman
Not worth watching even to get to see Rand Paul.
Can any Republican support single payer, not-for-profit health care which is the only solution? Not likely in USA,Inc
U suck there no reason to put Paul he just like his Pres run start off fast run out if gas before first turn
who is going to stand for the millions who will  lose coverage and those who will die because of the loss
Joe strong Mika emotional. Sad .  Mika. Keep doing your thing.
what the Fuck is wrong. With this? Ordering one person to pay for someone else against their will UNAMERICAN
I'm with you inspirit Rand. But I'm not watching that swill.
thus new ACA bill is a spending big. govt  nightmare just as bad as Obamas was it's not saving anythy
Mika is back on her melds so she not suicidal today but still very unprofessional,no one there to defend Trump,unfair
Nothing to defend
@morningmika great topics this morning!
he been on everything the last 24 hours, exclusive?
Haha even CNBC is making fun of you guys!!
Joe,you are a promoter of hate,discord,and contention. Do you not have any decency left?Or did you EVER have any? No
the answer is no since he and his blonde sidekick are an itemthey have off again on again w Trump.
You guys still around? How much longer till Comcast tells you losers to hit the bricks? Major shakeup coming soon!
The Clowns are out in full force this AM on Joe!!
Ask the Senator if he believes stronger privacy rights are in order?
http://www.mrctv.org/blog/rasmussen-majority-americans-believe-president-trump-will-accomplish-his-ambitious-agenda …
stop lying why don't u talk about something important like health care
http://nypost.com/2017/03/08/tim-kaines-son-arrested-after-disrupting-anti-trump-protest/amp/ … "Tim Kaine’s son arrested after disrupting anti-Trump protest"

77
Disinformation = Destabilization
Russian Infowars attempts to weaken West

Russia Heats Up Its Infowar With the West http://flip.it/jh.3GS 
Morning Joe panel keeps lying.
joe why do you defend him because he is a republican. He should not have football
please stop talking about tweets n report what tweets are a diversion for. Watch Rachael Maddow-learn something!
Please ask How will you work to improve health care in Ky? Our state 49th in nation for health
Existing EMTALA law covers emergent care .  Add mandated followup care.   Then repeal ACA.  Job done.
Rino
Secret service agent Dan Bongino is the wiretap rat.
Dennis,  what proff do you have? Trump is using news media to divert 'real news' about him
- Why do u,MornJ, think u would have Intel the POTUS has? Get over urself. & ur clip of McCain is a joke itself.
That will be a good time to jump in shower. Thanks for heads up.
Do your job!!
Keep interviewing the Trump haters.
Repubs will be fine-it's still early. WH is not going 2 say anything about wire tap.Spicer didn't say 'ridiculous'
ambush?
What ever happened to his LIBERTARIAN views? I guess being LIBERTARIAN is inconvenient right now?
Rand why these people they have 0 credibility elevate your game and stick with Fox Fair and Balanced
Your bought and paid for shills are about to deny 15 million healthcare it would be nice if you discussed it seriously and honestly
Pay up, like the rest of us working stiffs. MAGA
thanks for clearing up that Wikileaks story for us just now.
