Just got my 2016 tax return back from the IRS after paying a $695 fine for not buying insurance that would have taken 45% of my income.
My son had to pay the penalty. In the end he only got back $36 company he works for can't afford insurance on employees
They both made a mistake. They didn't have to pay the penalty. All they had to do was leave the question concerning insurance blank.
Tried. IRS sent him a letter before he filed stating he had no insurance would have to pay penalty
I bet a million people paid the fine when it was over 8.13% of their income. And the IRS is computerized. This is no accident. It is theft
Did you file on line or on paper? Mine was filed on paper. If you used software you may not have had the option to leave it blank.
Trump has ordered every Dept head 2 reduce costs by 10 - 30%. Did you miss that meeting?
While it sounds great it put people out of work! After a 10 yrs in gov where can you find comparable work??
20 trillion says it's past time 2 reduce size of gov.
Our country's in turmoil from communist Dems to violence in the sts-#POTUS-the brightest happening since Reagan-but he cannot do it alone
60 million say @POTUS is not alone.
Agreed-but we need the #GOP in Congress to follow thru #POTUS lead
Exsposing corruption is a talent of @realDonaldTrump. He's just getting started working on lawmakers. Confident.
Ryan postponed a vote on the new healthcare bill yesterday-I am confident only in #POTUS and the conservative members in Congress
So why don't you get behind PRESIDENT TRUMP
because he is going to increase the deficit.
You really don't believe that BULLSHIT
"it would yield persistently large, and likely unsustainable, budget deficits."
Can you prove it. WJZ TV SAYS ITS A REALLY GOOD DEAL
@HouseGOP got NOTHING in the budget! You guys are an embarrassment. PPH, really? EPA, seriously? #AmericaFirst #Trump
What you need to do is get rid of Obamacare!
PASS TERM LIMITS!!!
Thanks for your tireless labors as a U.S. Senator. Personally, I would be disgusted to work with the kinds of people your have to work with.
Trump's cutting spending but Democrats criticized him for it
We don't like anything that he does. Go figure
I'll bet you'd like your taxes lowered.
Do you even know what rate you currently pay, compared to the rate you will pay under Trump's tax plan?
All in favor. :)
Also cut the visas for foreign workers
ranf had no soul.
No one asked you you lost now you should help the winner not be a sanders
Nobody cares what you say! You give Republicans a bad name! You won't last long! BIG MOUTH! It just goes on and on and on and on.....
Why won't @POTUS take real action for positive change? It's because Trump was chosen to hijack the liberty movement.
Just like @SenTedCruz's idea about the wall, makes too much sense! They'll never do it t!
Take@ El Chapo's drug money and it will pay for the wall.
What spending would you cut, @RandPaul?
Let's start with YOUR HEALTHCARE AND SALARY!!!!
@realDonaldTrump pay attention Mr President.
Ponzi scheme unaudited FRN rep @POTUS, @GOP & @TheDemocrats cut spending? While enforcing unconstitutional drug war? http://www.ronpaullibertyreport.com/archives/how-to-reduce-violence-in-america …
That is exactly what we need to do cut spending cut taxes
lets cut military budgets?
audit, review, and consolidate. I'm sure there's plenty of waste, grift, and earmarks..
free bombs to 7 countries and killing civilians isn't waste?
not sure what ur saying. killing ppl is bad, yes.
I am just pointing out that we can cut military budget and give it back to citizens in form of free health care
You are a do nothing politician. A step in the right direction is better than no step at all.
So would I but I only have twitter and 2200 followers. Call me when you get it done Rand.
Shrink gov too, please :)
I'm sure you would...... eye roll
I'm sick of the GOP saying what they would do. Why don't you help President Trump get his agenda done!!
At the end of the day trump was a host for neocons. We needed Rand in there.
Ya blocked
Stupid Rand Paul tries to sound original like everything is his idea but Trump is cutting spending!
Cut every dept budget by 15% and cut wasteful programs bureaucracy and federal regulations
I would force all to pay taxes including 50 percent that don't. And cut spending
Stupid Rand Paul tries to sound like cutting spending is all his idea! Trump has been cutting spending. Trying to defund many things!
Agree! @RandPaul and othe Reps need to get health bill and taxes moving NOW. Stop bucking the POTUS for personal agenda. Stand w the party!
While you ignore us on social security trying to survive on $10000 a year we need a raise to match this economy but we get ignored suffering
100000 is more money then a lot of working Americans make per year. Plus, they are supporting a family.
Ten thousand not one hundred thousand
Oops. Sorry. $10.000 &100.000
Typical bullshit!
I am very disappointed in this budget deal. What good does it do to have Republican controlled house, senate and @POTUS. They always cave
Yea fire all the in effective lazy elected politicians who won't work for our hardworking tax paying citizens. CutOutFat
The state department is cutting its budget by 25% - Id say thats budget cutting..
Well duh, that's always been the problem
Which is what Trump is doing where he can.
Anti Trumpers always comment they think everybody else is smarter than Trump. Hey Paul of course Trump is working on it. Get behind Trump!
Thank you Randy Paul
Oh sit down!
Never mind, support our President and stop looking back! @realDonaldTrump will accomplish much if he has support and he deserves unity!
and I say again, that's why I supported his father and him
Love it!
What's on his head?
Can you cut Ryan's brake lines? Juuuust kidding. Kind of
Face it, with trillions of dollars of unfunded mandates and budget deficits we have to reduce government intervention.
No more offshoring for cheap tech people!Those people aren't paying taxes!Gov't revenue would greatly increase and new businesses would open
You're out of uniform Captain!
Please start ASAP. There is plenty of waste & special interest fraud. Shut it down & stick to necessary govt only. Quit funding ACA, PP, etc
One of many 'intelligent minds' finally occupying a place in D.C. politics. @realDonaldTrump
@RandPaul has never passed a piece of legislation. What's he done? Complain!
We've been asking Congress to cut spending since sequestration started. What happened @RandPaul ?
It's got to start somewhere....better than what has been done over the last 8 years....nothing.
Dr Paul, no offense, but that is pretty obvious and kind of funny!
Tax cuts create more jobs by freeing up business' cash. People go to work, keep more of their own money. Govt spends less on assistance. Win
Ron Paul needs to take Ryan's position
Right on!!
pic.twitter.com/PwHbQt3lIw
2 Trillion in cuts over 10 years. What's he shutting down? Military or education?
Wouldn't that be nice. When is the last time you politicians extracted major spending cuts. Not in my lifetime. You continue to grow govt.
Stop fighting the president from getting policy done
Someone is going to have to be an adult. Raise taxes and cut spending. Preserve this life for our children.
Rand, Give Trump a chance! You are not the President!!!!!
Thank you, now if you could impart that all of congress!!!
Go and fix Kentucky.
@POTUS is cutting spending all over the Place
It's all gonna work together...cutting taxes, growing the economy and then cutting spending.
Why didn't you do that when OB was in office u gave OB all the money he wanted
They rolled over.
yes! We have a spending problem on D.C. Thank you for your voice of reason.
You are accustomed to acting as an 'opposition' lawmaker;you are trained to say NO to anything that is not 100% agreeable with your idealogy
Rand Paul - are you running for president or are you now going to try to work together to get things done in DC?
We should quit spending money on everything except for our country's safety and security
Cut spending massively 50% that can be cut in duplication, or uselessness or failing programs Fixes come at individual and state level #maga
you just want attention.
@RandPaul is never part of the solution. He just loves being a boil on everyone's ass.
Work with President Trump
AMEN Rand! And cut foreign aid to already wealthy countries like Israel & to Islamic countries that persecute Christians
@tod1776 @RandPaul that is what Reagan could not do because of CONgress.
Stay true. Budget plan will skyrocket defecit. We cant afford it. Country before politics. Get it right. No more lies. Middle America 1st.
https://twitter.com/banjopat1/status/849958893988061184 …
Foxnews part of a foreign owned entertainment co. founded 1979. NYTimes&WashingtonPost 100+years USownership. Which to trust? Not fox
Senator, why is that not a "DAH" for everyone!!! For Pete sake, common sense!!!! Get rid of waste and fraud...period!!!!! Sheesh...
Yes, cut Planned Parenthood, Sanctuary Cities, & Welfare for illegals.
Use a Machete Rand to cut spending and Taxes to the core!
The bills that come up for a vote should not be allowed to have riders attached to them If they can't pass on own merits not worth having.
I feel spending has been cut as Trump finds more and more of Obama's secret expenses.
NO #trumpcare2. NO $$$ for #trumpwall. NO tax cut for #trumpoligarchy.
@RandPaul Thank You, Rand Paul
You're not Pres.
Such profundity. Do you really think if we cut taxes we should cut spending? Did you go to college to acvhieve such wisdom?
Certifiably insane #popapill
Bien
Need a govt. shut down to identify all non-essential personnel, when its over, start personnel reductions from those deemed non-essential
Yes we'll start with congress spending, and having members pay for their health insurance.
Total taxes = total spending. The "#deficit" is money borrowed at an enforced little or no interest. I.e. it is the most #DeceitfulTax.
Wait, walk and chew gum? At once? Isn't this congress we're talking about?!!!
Yes, exactly..go Rand go!
Clap everyone! @RandPaul thinks he's goddamn Harry Potter! Let's cut taxes and spending, and give everyone a new car!
Cutting spending is what should be done first. This way Americans will keep even more of their hard earned $. Abolish the IRS 1st.
Alot of special interest need to be cut. But when Trump tries the dems cry about how mean he's being.
Hey, we're all about "Making 'Murrica Great Again", NOT "Making 'Murrica Smart, Fair or Fiscally Responsible Again". Cool ur jets!
Let's cut spending by reducing lawmakers salaries, lifelong benefits, expense accounts, and other amenities they receive. Start there.
Deffinently. And lets get rid of that $400,000 a year past presidents get for life. Who gets that kind of pension. Ridiculous.
Considering Republicans are in control, should be an easy win House Repus: 241 Democrats: 194 Senate Repubs: 52 Democrats: 48
Thank you @RandPaul for standing for the Constitution and the American people
Tax cuts benefits for the wealthy and corporations while everyone else gets the shaft! We are SO SCREWED!
So in other words The State of The Union wouldn't get any better then what it did with Obama.
He would? if he were president he would, but he ain't the president!
@RandPaul Have requested from President Trump @POTUS that legislators be warned on NOT including EAR MARKS $$$$ in bills hidden costs
GET RID OF ALL THE DEAD WIEGHT IN DC THAT WOULD BE A GOOD START GET RID OF PORK BARRELANOTHER GETTO WORKANOTHER GET GOING
correction: cut bad, pet government project spending!
Cut taxes first, increase revenue substantially ( $3 trillion abroad), then take a knife to spending
wow, now there's a statement you never hear a congressmen say. CUT spending !!!!!! It's our money you spend on pork projects
@RandPaul all talk and zero action. Who's paying for the wall? Who's paying for the bombs ? The wars? Replacing obamacare ? Trillions !
The election is over.
Easy words to say - harder to execute
So sick of hearing from you @RandPaul, shut up and support your president!
Why don't you start with Foreign Aid to countries who hate us? Then, hit the funding to. Sanctuary Cities, just for starters.
If the middle class is getting the tax cuts I couldn't agree more. The plan unveiled by the administration yesterday has top heavy cuts.
Start with congressional out of control spending salaries and benefits that no one else on earth receive except for tyrants and dictators
We should cut taxes and spending then we could grow out of the hole we are in!
audit expenses yes but to cut government expenses no, that is not something that is going to improve the economy atm
As usual, @RandPaul one of the only grown ups in D.C. with common sense
POTUS IS CUTTING SPENDING!!!!!
AMEN..CUT LIFETIME WELFARE AND FOOD STAMPS...
When taxes are your biggest source of income, cutting spending will be essential for this to work. Less In = Less Available To Go Out
Lost his cred when he golfed with Trump. Sold out #LiarInChief
We HAVE to cut spending..we are 19.6tril in debt! No different than personal budget, if in debt, stop spending, throw away credit cards,etc
Trump already did! Cuts now drain the scum from the swamp.
Rand Paul is nothing but a big ASS just like his father was . What have they done for our counter . Nothing that I can think of . all talk
Don't take any more people off the tax rolls in an effort to appease the poor. Over 40% pay no income tax. Leave the deductions as is.
Yahoo! One US Senator actually gets it! Stop giving Govt. ever more money and think that will reduce deficit. Govt. never has enough!
There is a lot of wasteful spending!!!! Good idea but nerves happen
who cares, you ran, lost and now bow to trump. You can chose to stop letting him ruin the country but sucking up is hard to stop.
Rand Paul 2020?
Also increased employment will decrease welfare and unemployment payments. Cut taxes first. Continue to look for other ways to cut.
Plenty of room to cut spending lets start with health care for congress and there pay stop the talk cutting ss and medicare get rid of waste
The number of govt. Employees should be shrunken. Possibly 50 PCT. Start with liberal appointee holdovers
yes, please Rand, fight for spending cuts too! Talk about it til your blue in the face. 100% behind you on this!
THANK YOU
Well said!
The Apple did not fall far from the tree
THAT'S WHAT TRUMP IS DOING=CUTTING THE TAX RATE-CUTTING EVERY BUDGET=CUT SPENDING.?????
Start with congressional salaries and expense accounts. Congress doesn't work enough to be full time #termlimits #draintheswamp
YES! Spending has to be cut and cut big time! The nickel Dick projects have to go! People need to get back to work stop living off the dole!
"would" ????? How many spending cut bills have you introduced/authored?
Amen
At some point we're going to have to. We're beyond broke.
lol it doesn't matter if you cut golf lessons to senior citizens in Missouri, the left will immediately scream Hitler.
Show them your plan, Senator and be part of the solution, not just a naysayer. Demonstrate Leadership!!!!
AND whatever the repeal & replace plan is insist the the House & Senate be part of it!! Demonstrate Leadership!!!
I would cut the Democrats
WOW Cap't Obvious We've been demanding this for 35years & you just figured out why we elected Trump & @GOP
Why our politician don't know these go hand in hand is beyond me. Rand can't be the only one that understands this.
That works but do SOMETHING!! Never should have had a recess. You've been in recess since inauguration
Spending cuts should have been initiated on day one! Fire a million BureaucRATS that would have been a great start!
That's the attitude, Sen Paul! It can be done.
We need to build military & work on infrastructure! Trump did a budget that cut unnecessary things that could be given back to states
What a radical concept. /sarcasm off
This guy is nothing but a democrat infiltrator!!!
Yes!!!!
Can't just do nothing Rand. Too many poor and lazy people govt not allowed to let die off yet. Maybe at world pop. 20B or so.
Cut it
Both should be cut!
Which things would he not spend?
You also would only get 1% of the vote. Get back to work and advance Trump's agenda and stop slowing it down, or just cross the aisle RINO.
Thank you for stating the obvious
Go play another round of GOLF with Trump but don't hit him on the head with your club. It won't be your fault, maybe Obama's?
Make it clearer...cutting TAX RATES..DOES NOT = LESS TAX REVENUE!!!! @POTUS
-Well Rand you are a smart man!
Where's cut the fed come in?
Whatever 'you would do' - YOU are not the President Help - or get out of the way @potus
Sen Paul needs to get a grip
Best way to cut spending is to create good paying jobs with insurance...like the old days, BO- Before Obama. A lot of families need help.
Cut out all Congress special interest spending on both sides, that would be a great start.
would that include trips to the Winter White House?
@POTUS an easy budget cut are the millions spent on vacations by you..Something you made fun of Obama for .. you lying, two faced POS
And he took the Russian hush money from Trump. He's a flip flop joke.
Now that's funny. You can't spend what you don't have.
An extremely prudent measure Sir.
I would support the President, can you do that ? Find a way to cut the fraudulent programs out of existence, that'll cut spending.
Ok well let's get Something done in Washington Rand
maybe you should cut your hair
Please start your spending cuts with you and your fellow congressman. Get rid of your entitlements, while your at it.
Trump has made inroads in cutting spending in executive agencies, but it would be nice to see something in this bill.
If economy grows as planned, it will reduce number of Americans depending upon welfare systems & increase number of Americans contributing
Trump has already cut a lot of wasteful practices in fed gov as he does for his own business but far from enough. Look into fed asset mngmt!
A lot of unneeded spending by the government needs to be cut.
Why that just makes too much sense!!!
How can you eliminate billions of income and reduce the debt? You cant match cuts $for$. It cant and wont happen.
Rand Paul needs to go away can't stand him
Don't expect perfection. Press for progress. Don't risk all or nothing.
well that's good to know, sir!
Sometimes I like Rand Paul.
Let's cut spending of his paycheck. Looks like he's not paying attention at work.
Mmm. Trump. Another big goverment elitist. How about that swamp draining. #twosides #samecoin
