Scrap Obamacare 100% and walk away. Get the Government Out of Healthcare
So Medicaid Medicare the FDA and the CDC should go to?
The number one job of the Federal Government is National Defense
Crap.
The Federal Government wasn't meant to be your Sugar Daddy
Legislators enabled the healthcare industry to create costs that are double that of the next most expensive country.
The number one reason for expensive healthcare is because Doctors and Nurses have to protect themselves from frivolous lawsuits
Not true, just a trope trotted out by conservatives to avoid meaningful action.  Numerous states have capped recovery, costs still high.
Senator, y'all did nothing to curb the obscene costs associated with healthcare in this country. You can't saddle us with the most expensive
healthcare in the world at the bidding of healthcare-related industries, leaving Americans to pay inflated costs. It's on you and colleagues
A health care system based on profit-driven private insurers with fractured risk pools CAN NEVER WORK except for corporations & Wall Street
And legislators who are supported by them.
Even if perfect in every way, any GOP replacement for Obamacare will be an Albatross around GOP necks for 100 years
throw this garbage, big-government, piece of junk bill in the trash where it belongs
Please stop. As a medical professional you know this legislation saves lives.
Which one is worse theft or murder? As far as I'm concerned murder is always an F 1 or F2 theft generally doesn't go above F3
And theft isn't taxation due to tacit consent.
Tacit consent. It's a concept in political philosophy. Educate yourself before belittling the intelligence of others.
I stand with Rand Paul. We want a full Obamacare repeal.
At this point you won't do anything to get rid of the obamacare nightmare for the middle class. Block grant seems a fine compromise.
Threats to Endangered Species Act gain speed in Congress
@randpaul thank you for having courage.  Your senate colleagues only pay lip service to caring about spending and making gov't small
Damn right @RandPaul
#Obamacare #uspoli #ObamaGate  https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10159388195825587&id=696875586 …
Right on Senator, only one we trust to pursue the promise REPEAL Obamacare, REPLACE w/a new approach w/lower premiums, NoElectiveProceedures
Quit being an attention seeker smdh
It’s about time ! We need to get rid of Obamacare so bad for USA! Did nothing to lower premiums as only hospitals and ins. Companies win
Get off my health care. You have been told how many times?
Stop voting for Medicare cuts. Are you a real person?
Give it a rest. The people don't want it repealed; They want it fixed. Your GOP colleagues get this, why don't you?
The people do wan it gone.  Why do you think we elected Donald Trump for POTUS
To be replaced by what?   There has to be some kind of health care
Sick em Rand
Thank you for your efforts to fix this giant mess. People really need to decide for themselves what if any health care options they need.
Give up already, on the mindless mantra. REPAIR Obamacare, and move on.
Thanks
Republicans promised to care about all Americans start doing your job and lying to the American people
https://twitter.com/huffpost/status/920760150767661056 …

In your mind, are all these women liars?
President Trump has been accused of inappropriate conduct and sexual assault by these women. Here are their stories. 
Do it
I'll bet you won't be aboard, you never are. Sad
Rand has saved us from bailing out Insurance companies to the tunes of millions. Rand is our best chance to get OCare fully repealed.
Without reconciliation it's impossible, we need to get in and begin, working from within, or it won't happen
Reconciliation? What are you talking about?
We need 60 votes to repeal, that is the law
Ok, and we'll get the votes for a Full Repeal or there will be a bloodbath of RINOs in 2018 until we get it. OCare will likely crash b4 then
I am with you, it's dead, and costing lot's of taxpayers money.
OCare is a disaster, and it's socialized medicine. The Govt needs to get out of healthcare. Look how they run the VA- embarrassingly bad.
#FullRepealNoReplace It only takes ONE SENTENCE.
You make me wanna puke - in your face.
Selfish. No replacement plan. Leaving people uncovered. I used to like Rand Paul.  Now it’s ‘everyone fend for yourself’
No one takes you seriously or believes anything you say, OBSTRUCT is your middle name
Get'em Senator!
Don’t worry, the next thing we repeal and replace are all the Congress Men AND Women that lied to the people about repealing Obamacare 
You da man! 
It’s called Framework! Then you negotiate!  Have you also been paid off by the dems!?!  #ChangeParties
Please post
Agree that moving the control of health insurance/healthcare from FedGov to stateGOV is still GOVcontrol!ManyStates have massive CORRUPTION!
Vote to remove every piece you can when you can. Branch by branch removes the ugly tree.
Unfortunately, you are a lone voice in the wilderness.
Let's see it.
The GOP already lost Obamacare Repeal for this reconciliation and we won't forget but this wasn't the time to shove amendments through.
Rand, they better start listening to u! U r one of the best Senators we have!
Thank you for voting no on the budget. Now please help to reshape this tax plan as it will harm many middle class TY again
Like it but, have I no hope in the rinos.
Rand, this insane budget favors the 1%...how do you look in the mirror?
most GOP are a bunch of spineless, cowardly, political mercantilist back stabbers! Time to repeal and replace with true revolutionaries!
Rand Paul with the sunbandit look. Like he was just on a boat for 18 hours. Get some of that #organic sunscreen doctor 
U voted against the bill not for repeal but for discussion of repeal. Who do you think youre foolin?
Rand Paul voted with Demoratics against budget bill
funny how legislation that wasnt popular or accurately represented and that impacts most negatively is at risk of being repealed.
it is the job of an indivdual to pay for any consumption of that indvdual. responsibility is paying the consequences of your choices.
it is not my responsibility to shoulder the burden of others failures and their bad decisions.
it is especially not my responsibility nor obligation to bear the costs of personal decisions and elective  consumption.
Rand need to resign from Congress and get a crustal ball and stop wasting our time
Gov not gonna continue to extend credits forever..deductable for 1 per for low $2000..high $4000..minus premiums!
4. See 2 & 2c
3. Used Supreme Court Ruling to say they could do it because Fed Ctrls Interstate Commerce.
2. Read it. Tell me what you see!
ACA is a Racket! We were used to create insurance markets. We were scammed!
1.
Agree, but right now we need you to band together with your party for tax cuts for us. Time is running out.
Repeal would be great but it just won't happen. They will replace with something else mildly cheaper and better. Is still better than O care
But u keep your insurance.  Ask your esteemed colleagues to voluntarily go under Obamacare.
What dumbass had the bright idea people wanted this steaming greasy pile of unconstitutional shit legislation replaced?!?!?
Problem is that the majority of people in this country do NOT want HC taken away. You were elected to protect your constituents & your NOT.
And you failed
He has this right. Repeal. Don't replace.
Sorry it didn't go too well with the vote.
Keep fighting, Senator!
you're to blame you are Congress you had eight years to fix this mess and you did nothing you're pathetic Congress is pathetic t
#DrainTheSwamp
#ConventionOfStates
#We HateMedia&Congress
Less talk Rand ... Get some shit done !!!
Representatives should represent the American people they swore to represent.  Can you educate your fellow members?  #ConventionOfStates
ROOT AND BRANCH! We all know Republicans are not that much different from Dems. They all want more government. Just for different reasons.
Another rope to hang themselves with
I'm still amazed Kentucky sent this guy to the Senate. Go get'em Rand hahaha!!!
Go Rand!
Yes total repeal of OBAMACARE!!!
No thanks.
I agree that was the promise! Block Grant is better bc the $ are closer to people. Plan should include grant reductions over yrs..
Just keep on destroying America!!
Don’t make this vote complicated. Goal in front of u now, is to keep whatever you decide on down the road taking 60 votes! Focus @RandPaul
Just because Republicans promise irrational actions they cannot deliver,there is no reason to pursue,just because they match your illusions!
Senator Rand Paul I understand and I thank you for standing up but find some common ground with this to help American people.
Hey Rand. Cut taxes now !!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Individuals cannot make promises in a democracy. That would be a dictatorship. Compromise or face the wrath of an annoyed moderate America!
Promising things without substance is called campaigning. Notice governing is a bit tougher?
Oh... let's keep Obamacare for awhile yet.  Let if fail even more.  Until the Dems come crying for us to fix it.
...#Republicans promised? ...they? >I’m with you...no label, no party—just #American minded...
#MAGA #RandPaul 
They have memory lapse, just soon look you in the eyes & lie, as soon as they get elected. Why care they have a platinum pkg!
I am with you Senator!
The problem is, there's no way to make it easy for everyone. Ins co should be earning on stock investment now?
Senator Paul,  it's obvious Republicans don't want to help Trump even if his been the best in a while.
How about repeal and NOT replace per the 10th Amendment?
Thank you! Please repeal & replace-ACA is killing hardworking Kentuckians like me. I do the right things, I should have access to decent ins
Repeal, no fix
Wishing you and yours the best Senator Paul.
Please repeal!!!
Do it
Medical bills are the biggest cause of bankruptcies in the country. People get sick and lose their homes. And you want to repeal healthcare.
Yes. Because it's not cheaper bow that it was before ACA. Seriously, look it up.

An all white congress made ObamaCare the featured plan, then McConnell sabotaged it, then Trump KiLLeD it, now 97 whites votes to Repeal¡¡¡
If you can’t up root it, at least cut the branches off so it will die!
Boom
Repeal ACA. We need to treat healthcare insurance like actual insurance and not a 3rd party payment system. No more employer provided ins.
THE PEOPLE WILL TAKE CARE OF BUSINESS IN THE NEXT ELECTION
Shut up Rand Paul!!!
Full Repeal!
The ACA saves American lives.  Repair and strengthen the ACA.
RIGHT ON!
Why don’t you get government out of healthcare
Love how ppl r ok with govt bldg roads & bridges, fire & rescue, education, but draw the line at healthcare.  Why is that?
Just look at the healthcare now. I had good health care until the government got involved and as far as the buildings, Fire and rescue ,education I pay taxes for all this. And for the money the education is the worst in the 1st world.
Can u people please do something?  The level of incompetence in this Congress is really disheartening.
Rand Paul is a loser
great trying but too many globalist in government let it go busted then they will come to table
The Federal government wasn't created to give out grants or subsidies. Whether it's healthcare or education, grants or subsidies are welfare
The government takes care of it's people and has evolved over time to help those in need of help and half the time people do abuse that help
Look at you trying to kill Americans.
There is talk that fines will not be enforced going forward.

u r bad 4 our people & bad 4 USA, Napoleon!
Can you please tell @realDonaldTrump that the ACA is the LAW and it will take more that a crayon and a oval office ceremony to get rid of it
We should repeal ur hair plugs by ‘root & branch.’ Fucking dilettante!
Randy, exactly just how much smoked meth & coke did you have w/ your Kentucky bourbon smoothie this morning w/ Judge Roy Moore of Alabama.
Stfu troll.
Why do we have to replace something that didn't exist until a few years ago?

Just repeal the damn thing!
We’re with you. This National Nightmare must end and end soon.
He could care less about Kyians and the rest of the country when it comes to fixing #OurACA #Evil #TrumpoPuppet #RepkacePaulKy @KyDems
ACA is an intrusion on individual liberty.  Scrap it.  More government to fix problems that government caused is insanity.
You are the worst kind of republican with your heartless plans for this country.  Not all can live on their salaries and afford healthcare.
Go away, you simple twerp.
#FULLRepeal
So you simply don't care the majority of Americans what the ACA fixed to make insurance more affordable? A small percentage want repeal.
Yeah the percentage paying for it!
The pigs are in the corn crib again pa. I know ma.
Yeah well, they clearly aren’t going to so maybe find something that will actually pass
GO RAND PAUL GO!
So few good ones Rand Paul Ted Cruz Donald Trump Trey Gowdy
Drug companies import generics from India/China manufacturers at obscene markups. Why can't I buy from same source? So much for free markets
We know you're trying and we understand some are dragging their feet.  Don't worry.  Just keep at it and you'll get it done.
Stop the bandaids as they create more problems & situations further down the road. Wait till you redact the ACA properly.
@realDonaldTrump
#FEETTOFIRE KEEP AT IT
Once again only a handful of republicans remain. Others are republicans by name only they don't practice conservatism
I bet if ppl knew the IRS would be involved in it Obamacare would hav never passed!
If I was swimming in the lake and went under n you throw me a rope I would not take it you're not working with the other your grandstanding
Cuz you probably have a camera right behind you while you threw me the Rope
Your constituents wanted an improvement in their healthcare, root and branch. Ayn Rand fairy dust can't do that. Just go away.
You can't improve drugging society and calling it healthcare. It's shit and needs to be flushed
almost all lied there way into office
Just Do It
Resurrect a dying behemoth for a few democrap egos?
Your going to make me pay more for my Medicare aren't you ....
You asked for government involvement didn't you?
#StandWithRand
I understand your strong stance on policies but, please find some middle ground!
Let the sick poor suffer and die. That's the republicans way. Besides Obama was black let's take away all the good he did. So sad.
But this a great thread to block Ayn Rand Dilts! #SilverLining
obamacare is massive spending welfare program our country cant afford. this is the land of the free. americans want individual freedoms n liberties, LESS TAXES, LESS GOVT, free markets, innovation, excellence, no to mandates, no to socialism.
Not until Republicans grow a spine
or we will replace them with those that do
Well, as the sing says that plays as Trump walks off the stage "u can't always get what u want". Get what u can and fight another day
Pass the tax package
Can u pass tax reform??
No one had the courage to stand with him today.
Gods speed @RandPaul
You sir are not the only senator as well as the only opinion on what is best for America, if there was 55 Republican SENATORS, Rand Paul who
it will be nice to see who to primary
Can u repeal the FBI and their phony fake shootings? Like the one u were part of?
Cool. Then next cut the military budget in half......
Don't expect great things from mediocre people Sen. Paul.
Its ur own plan. OCare is Romney Care from heritage foundation cuz Obama didnt have d spine 2 do #singlepayer. I dont get ur fake outrage.
Uhhhh.  Rand Paul doesn’t support government in health care.  He’s been against from the start. Look it up.
never. gonna. happen.
Good luck on it. Seems a much more daunting task than anyone imagined. I collectively have faith in you all, you will find a way to get it done. You have my patience and support.
they had no problem when they knew obama would veto
LOL!!!
Go get’m @RandPaul!!! #MAGA
Repealing is immoral and irresponsible until you have a BETTER plan in place. BETTER = MORE Americans insured, not fewer.
Immoral is forcing Americans to buy healthcare they don't want.
Yes, thank you thank you! Is it possible with McCain, though? Sorry but time for him to go. He’s showing signs of brain dysfunction. Really.
Signs? He's a flat out poster child for brain dysfunction!
Lol, you just said what I was thinking but didn’t dare say!
Just talk to McCain and ask him to take off his skirt.  Thanks
Insulting women & a Veteran in 1 tweet....be proud.
That’s no woman
And you're not? Your only argument was an insult.
