@WilliamBonduris
so we're supposed to believe there was no Afghan war before today?
What gets me is the #Kurds were gassed at least a dozen times by both ISIS & FSA and no one spoke out for them and they're our ally.
“The President must get Congressional approval before attacking Syria-big mistake if he does not!” Trump, Aug 2013
NO. YOU MUST USE YOUR POWER AND GOOD INSTINCT TO BEAT THE ADVESARIES FOR FUTURE ATTACKS. WHAT A GOOD PRESIDENT IS ALL ABOUT LIKE DT.
Somebody tell @RandPaul to go cry with the Iranian Foreign Minister @JZarif
The only one in the Senate that cannot be "Bought"!
A missile strike against a foreign nation is an act of war. It doesn't mean we're technically at war because congress wasn't allowed a vote.
Rand Paul is full of himself.
It's not unconstitutional and don't forget, we have over 1,000 soldiers there on the ground now. 
S.J.Res.21-- https://www.congress.gov/bill/113th-congress/senate-joint-resolution/21/ …
Why do have a proposal as a reference? You do realize it was Obama whom wanted that AUMF passed, correct? Is that the plan, Obama 2.0?
What difference who authored it, if it's right! Military Force Against Govt of Syria to Respond to Use of Chemical Weapons! That's right!
The question is, why did Obama stand at the podium in press briefing room & say 'they better not'....and then when they did..went to bed.
because congress didn't give him the authority to use military force, as the majority of Republicans supposedly didn't want intervention.
Yes, but Dr. Paul has little knowledge of law, which is challenging since he is  supposed to be a lawmaker. Stick w #RepealAndReplace
Nice try. Law school might help. Maybe read case law, statutes. Does not say nor has been interpreted as you imply. #fakeargument
Where in the War Powers Act does in justify action against a state without a declaration, an AUMF, or an imminent attack on U.S.?
Does the GOP need a war?  Yet the GOP Congress won't authorize  it because they need plausible deniability. Does the'01AUMF cover N. Korea?
HRC&BO promised to remove Assad for the Saudi pipeline.  Trump's just following through on his friends promise. New boss same as old boss.
We should be happy foreign countries have not tomahawked us for our crimes.
Why doesn't the US mind their own business and stop interfering in other countries? The middle east is in the state it's in thanks to the US
A voice of sanity on the insane Hill!

I support you. I'm NOT OK w/what @POTUS is doing 2° ISIS-lead chemical faux propaganda. I was fully Behind him until this rash action!
Glad to see the Senate speaking up and demanding President follow the rules. http://grandmathunder.com/2016/09/understanding-global/ …
Please investigate this whole Syrian Sarin, Rump & Putin. The whole thing sounds suspicious, shady, and full of bullsh*t.  A Diversion.
Are saying Trump has something to do with this I hope you're not saying that... if you are rethink it and rethink it hard, take care
Yes, that's exactly what I'm saying. I have thought about it & hard and I'm convinced more than ever. I don't trust him. Not one bit.
He is a Great Leader. Do more research.
He is being investigated by the FBI For colluding with the enemy. If you call him a true leader, you need to do research. I'm sad for you.
That sounds like reasoning from an idiot.
I like @RandPaul but I'd rather flirt w constitutionality than take on refugees. Help them help themselves in THEIR country.
Could you please ask #RandPaul to shut up?
I disagree with Rand on this but I'm not going to turn on him and you shouldn't either
Those actions took the lives of 4 more children and others. three villages were hit also.
I wish he would constitutionally make Al Sharpton pay his taxes
Do you know the difference between a Declaration of War & an airstrike? The President didn't need Congress approval for an airstrike.
Please go read the Constitution and the Federalist Papers
Yep!
We are not at war and we have not declared war. We simply made a statement that chemical weapons are unacceptable.
I like Rand but he kinda needs to shut up
Yea, Rand should shut up. Who cares about the Constitution....right? This nation is about death, destruction and lawlessness....right?
Who cared about isolationism?  Just rand.
https://www.liveleak.com/view?i=161_1491563158 …
He made 1 mistake like really, I still Stand With Rand
Yes, have to agree with you on that. All in these positions are bought muppets.
This act makes Trump a genocidal war criminal!Congress needs 2 start DOING ITS JOB! Trump isn't smart enough 4 this!
@hectormorenco @FoxNews  if it was your child that died a horrible death suffering from chemical weapons? yeah I thought so
S.J.Res.21 - Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against the Government of Syria to Respond to Use of Chemical Weapons
eye doctor not attorney..title 50 US code allows for POTUS to use military force w/o congress.
Military actions comprising of a few dozen missiles @ particular targets is NOT an act of war.POTUS has great latitude BEFORE law must apply
@RandPaul Loving me some Rand lately.. If they lost the "let's all smoke weed" bullshit - I might jump to Libertarian..
https://www.google.com/amp/quoteinvestigator.com/2010/12/04/good-men-do/amp/ …
We have to stop them from killing children, congress is too slow to wait, Wake up Rand Paul, and save lives!!
Seems like someone is still bitter about how bad they got beat! Ted Cruz got over it, I suggest you do too! And stand beside the POTUS!
I've seen Senator Paul on the news ranting about the attack, sounds like sour grapes! Yeah I watched the presidential Republican debates!
As the Senator knows Article 11 gives discretion pertaining to military action without Congressional approval to the POTUS!
I think rand is everything we thought trump was 

No one has declared war but you! Congress showed it leaks info and gets nothing done. POTUS was correct your not.
Russia churning the war in Syria using a "scorched-earth policy" while EU-USA uses economic sanctions against Russia. No end in sight.
You may know the Hippocratic Oath by heart but you need to study the Constitution concerning the Executive Branch!! And get a damn haircut!!
Stick to doctoring! Do you even know what's happening??? @POTUS RIGHT! You don't tip off the enemy.Obstructionist!
This was not an act of war yet.If he brought it to Congress,it would have taken forever and would have gave them notice.It was handled well.
We don't need a"winless" "war."  Stay on this Senator Paul, PLEASE. This would be a Huge Bigly mistake! Not why we elected @realDonaldTrump
History CW, BW threats & atrocities by 'fsa' since Dec 2012:
GB was NOT used. Terrorists murdered kidnapped persons:
Senator Rand Paul is THE ONLY sane and principled politician found in the GOP!  I differ w/ him abt healthcare, but all else 
Who said this attack was a "War" ???

Rand, you did.  Nobody calling this a War.
Thank u Senator for standing for WE THE PEOPLE & Constitution!  Unlike @SenJohnMcCain that is GOP establishment war monger!!
@RandPaul I can only presume your remarks were from a COMPLETE MISUNDERSTANDING OF #USCONSTITUTION?! #TERMLIMITS4RANDPAUL!
After reading your page here sounds like you are about to be voted out.
@RandPaul you need to concentrate on doing your job Trump is doing his.We elected you in keep causing shit we can elect U out
@RandPaul you are not Pres. Prez. Trump does not need your permission. We elected you to get his promises done U got ZERO

Good to Read= @DRUDGE_REPORT @RandPaul @FoxNews  
Also very Good Analysis by Dr.@RonPaul @RonPaulInstitut 
There is a delicate balance between national security interest and constitutional power.
Fools always have an opinion! Good thing for leaders with strength and common sense!
Really not cool
Rand is right, as are several other senators on this topic.  Watch the video for my take. 

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=259084091167222&id=207024906373141 …
Why don't you read the Constitution and not make up shit as u go along...
It's not war you cowards, it was a destruction of a base.
This is a bunch of garbage world turns much faster than Congress can get out of bed tell congress the enemy would know just what USwas Doing
If we put boots on the ground that would be one thing but this was just a bombing showing Trump doesn't mess around. Too soon to judge.
Trump knows congress is the only ones that can declare war. He made a surgical military move which he doesn't need approval by congress.
Some folk sit by the fence and talk thrash. Help these folk and take out Asaad he is sad indeed. Stop Putin too and stop playing with him.
Rand Paul  Send back ALL Syrians to go and fight for their people . Stop hitting the President. Paul, you have no idea what's going on. 
Rand feeling irrelevant, stepping up his criticism to get attention. Not constructive.
“The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.”
You need to go to the little party for one, and read up on this about what the president can or cannot do!#UrFired
Appreciate U. BUT No one wants war,isolation is not realistic in this connected world.This is reason i could not support you 4 president. :(
@RandPaul Mr. Paul, I love you and what you stand for..99% of the time...this position, today, is EXACTLY why U R not potus
@RandPaul @FoxNews
War Powers Act Senator...
What a Idiot! Makes me sad that this guy lives here in Ky!
No man is an island! Next time it might be your patients or constituents who are gassed. Small body - small mind.
Rand I like you, but your whining like your Dad.
Congress for an act of war? We aren't declaring war. An agreement was broke, President has the power to act.
I can name a lot of things to spend $93 million on - 20 minutes of fireworks to kick off Trump's talk with the Chinese wasn't one of them.
Yeah. Give a speech. That'll work well
I hope @realDonaldTrump will listen to the angel, @RandPaul and not the devil, @SenJohnMcCain
just a deterrent Rand calm down and help fix Health Care - we got this #SyriaStrike
What did you guys do in 2013 ? Maybe if you did do something these people may not have met this fate . Can't have it both ways .
This was not unconstitutional come on.
You go their dude. Get it done. Support your president or resign
The truth about air strike on Syria.
Please stop talking and DO SOMETHING TO STOP THIS INCOMPETENT MAN! #russiagate #ImpeachDonaldTrump
Weeks, I tried wks!!! Spell ck changed!!!
Not true Senator Paul!Potus has 48 hrs to explain to Congress his actions! Only 1 problem you meatheads will be on 2 was vacation!!!
I gotta be honest, I'm a DEM but I certainly Respect this man of principles!!
Rand Paul, a man of peace, honor and reason.
@RandPaul @FoxNews I guess Rand thinks opposing Trump at every turn will get him somewhere - #NEVERPAUL
@RandPaul @FoxNews Sorry Rand -a decisive statement needed to be made and Trump did exactly what needed for National Security
Paul fails to recognize Obama drew the line Syria crossed it Trump responded end of story
We can't afford another war...I am actually scared for the first time.  We need to stay out of the middle east like @POTUS said campaigning
BS... this guy overreacts to everything
Sorry Rand.  Can't have people murdering children with chemical weapons.
THANK YOU RAND PAUL FOR EVERYTHIN U DO DAILY FOR AMERICA N OUR CITIZENS  GOD BLESS U N STAND STRONG STAND FIRM #STANDWITHRAND REGARDLESS
Pay attention Rand !  You're really pushing the @POTUS  to send you to your room for good.  What exactly is YOUR agenda ?
Source close to putin say he gave trump the thumbs up to bomb that base.
Yea first Trump promise broken. He has warmongers advising him. When Russia retaliated we all lose.
.@RandPaul Can U Spot Fake News?
I guess he didn't see the children dying in their fathers arms dead. Or the people gasping for air. Politics we are talking about life
Hugs
I was a Sanders then, Trump supporter. I am no longer either. But, Rand Paul would be a good choice for me next time.
Russia continues to be on the RIGHT SIDE in Syria. The U.S. continues to believe it well orchestrated False Flags, acting with NO RESEARCH.
Rand, your Father knows this was a False Flag. Syria has no gas. Russia won't put up with it. Again, the U.S. is one with Terrorists.
Then impeach him for not getting Congressional approval.
Rand your are just wrong. If good people don't stand up against evil evil will flourish and people will suffer
It IS constitutional Rand, give it up!
Shut it Curley
Not really Sen Paul!!! Wake up and support Potus!!! Not a wimp like Potus of last 8 years!!! Msg sent to Russia,China,No.Korea&Iran!!!
Your the only one calling it war, I call it a  (time out) for Syria to think about what they've done to those babies
No it's not a war. It's just a warning. Simmer.
@RandPaul @FoxNews  Article 2, Section 2 pertains. Strikes aren't a declaration of war. Paul is posturing 4 Prez run.
Hey @RandPaul I think the toupee glue is affecting your brains ability to decipher facts and lies. It's best that you just stop speaking.
You have to love the PERM
@SenJohnMcCain said your words mean nothing and nobody pays any attention to you. #NotPayingAttentionToYou @CNN @wolfblitzer
Good call , Assad is over there killing his own people innocent children Trump did what he felt he needed to do thumbs up!
rand Paul is uninformed..again.
At least someone wants to follow the Constitution.  Good Job Dr. Paul.
Obama followed the WPA

Why not trump? 

Answer - no morals, no values, no respect
Wrong! Try again! I agree With u on a lot, but u r wrong on this one!
Sorry Rand but I support this decision. Chemical attacks should not be tolerated anywhere.
it's not war is it. No declaration of war here
I agree Rand. I hope you run again in 2020 and 2024.
Quit trying to steal the stage. Republicans need to stand together. That's what's wrong with the party.
The President is not rushing to war. It is Constitutional. He made an Executive decision. Along with his Support from Generals and Advisors.
Is it war or just a strike/respond
This wont rush us into war. Did everyone forget when Clinton launched missiles to distract from the Monica L problem? It takes more for war.
This is NOT a war!! It's a warning!
Whatever!
We have always supported ur father, and respect u. But U R wrong. Please review Federalist papers & remember Jefferson & Barbary pirates
You really think Assad is going to do anything while being talked to death?  grow a pair will you.  You never wore the uniform i did
What will our war strong new #president do about the possibility of escalating the most useless #war since #vietnam
So preventing another baby from a chemical attack is useless? Oh u must be a dem, Dems don't mind killing helpless babies! Figures!
Rand Paul you are a divisive POS. What do you know of War?
Can't wish it away: you're a 'take it under advisement in committee' kind of guy
Among gun owners- warning shot meant to send a message, which with caveat that the next one
Hey Rand, who really gassed those people in Syria? Pop pop says it wasn't Assad... I think I know....
Very intelligent responders on this tweet page... good job deplorables
8 yrs we watched people die while our leaders sat back with their thumbs up their asses drawing imaginary lines that meant nothing.
Paul rushing to condemn a measured response to the chemical use of WMD against men, women and children. Should we wait for more to die?
Another?  What was the first?
obama tried saying pretty please, will you stop using chemical WMD on your people and children. I think the missles got his attention.
How did last night's strike turn into full blown "war"?  I viewed last night's action as a prevention of war.  Still love Rand Paul!
Rand give it up.
Investigate.

"Often in foreign policy, things are not as simple as they appear, & actions often have consequences well beyond the obvious."
Rand is nothing but a grandstanding rug head.
If we don't believe n JUSTICE for ALL PEOPLE, then WE don't believe n JUSTICE @RandPaul. 

God bless #Syria & OUR BELOVED HUMANITY 
It was NOT a "rush to war"  @RandPaul. May I suggest you err on caution next time, have FAITH in our @POTUS. 

@realDonaldTrump is honorable
If you need someone to always rain on the parade, Senator Paul is that person.
@RandPaul @FoxNews why don't u just go hide under a rock no one likes u anyhow Your voters want to have a talk with u !!
He want to discuss this with Congress for a decision.  Syrian children don't have 3 years to wait.  The average decision time for congress.
Over dramatized. Rand Paul is a good man but is showing  is @$$ for sake of himself.
Love Trump, but I agree. We went TOTALLY NUTS every time O acted unilaterally. But we are fine when Trump does it? Hypocrisy at its finest.
This was not a rush to war @RandPaul
Randi, is this case of Toad ALT-(R) investigating Toad ALT-(R), a no-no in your own fraud playbook? Or does only apply to treason queries?
I'm done with Donald Trump. I'm sorry that I voted for him
Well I think they succeeded in starting ww3
NOT  WAR,   A WARNING TO SADISTIC KILLERS !!
This is no war, grow up and stop grandstanding Paul.
And @RandPaul is thinking because he got Healthcare bill stopped, he has immense power. NOT! #Istandwithtrump
Did we vote for another warmonger neocon???
Like Rand. However precisely why he was not elected.
It's a message !!!
The fact that PizzaGate members Pelosi, Schumer, McCain, and Graham want war is a good reason to stay far from it
We need to first put those afore mentioned and any other PizzaGaters in prison before we start any wars
@RandPaul shut it and do some work for the people who put you in office.
As Trump said during the campaign, we should not be the police of the world. The Syrian government is not a threat to the US
