Yes if you have traveled to a nation that harbors terrorist then your phone should be checked.
Read the constitution, specifically the part about search and seizures.
They are not searching your house. You have never had a cop look in your backseat when pulled over?
Then you may as well let cops search your phone when you are pulled over & search your phone before going onto federally owned property
I will ask probable cause and so far they have always provided an answer when I ask.
If u are a citizen of America, u have rights, they are not for sale for "safety". If you're willing to give em up for it, u deserve neither
Hey, your the one willing to just say, oh ok, sure. Take my rights.
Anyone that has done international travel is aware that more checkpoints occur and luggage is searched too.
Our country, our rules. Just like every other country with borders and citizens to protect.
Except American citizens have constitutional rights.
rand paul always excercises healthy hyperbole with his rants. likes to cherry pick facts
Yeah cherry picks amendments to the constitution.  lol
cherry picks incidents and gives no details. Keep up
He explained pretty well what he was talking about.  Simply search for the media reports of cell phone confiscation of US citizens
Yes. It is a priviledge to enter my country and we can make you do anything we want before we let you in
He is mainly speaking of citizens. We have rights that need to be protected.
Senator Paul please keep N mind NON-US citizens R NOT AMERICANS therefore they R not entitled to any constitutional protections a citizen is
Sure, if you believe human rights, like not being compelled to self-incriminate, aren't fundamental & don't exist if they're not codified.
U Misunderstood point : "US Constitution" American Citizens vs non-citizen (visitors whether legal or illegal) nothing 2 do w/ Human Rights.
No, you misunderstand what the US Constitution does: codify, not grant, human rights. Non-citizens are humans, and have rights without it.
We the People of the United States...to ourselves ...establish this Constitution 4 the USA.
...The preamble to the Constitution is not codification, codification is Judicial Legislation attempts, exceeding their Const Authority
The Amendments, however, are. But thanks for that strawman.
Whatever if takes
Rand Paul is very true American who stands up for American Values
If you cannot tell the difference between yourself and a potential terrorist then yes it is appropriate.
New rule for air travel - Backup, blank, board.
Yet again it's #RandPaul as the only adult in the room
Rand Paul one of 3/100 senators not the in the pocket of special interests money. Such a low number. 98% are bought and paid for. Sad!
But @RandPaul was ok with selling American citizens internet content?
Hypocrisy
He didn't vote for that, in fact he was the only GOP senator to vote against that.
is that true?  Can you link me?  I heard otherwise.
Absolutely. Luggage is searched. If notes, phone numbers, and political manifestoes are subject to search in physical form, why not digital?
I have vacationed in the USA several times; but I will not return. I will not subject myself to an invasion of privacy
Search All Forigners Phones.
Search US Cutizens Phones If
They Traveled To A Known Terrorist Country.
#MAGA
Ever read the constitution?  Might want to read the part about search and seizures
why not.  it is a privledge not a right to come into the USA
Thank you for speaking out against the confiscation of cell phones, clearing a loss of personal privacy.
What the hell are you doing Paul? Stop undermining Our Safety!!!!!!!!!!!!!  #jackass
The way things are with the healthcare bill, Syria & the people Trump has chosen for his cabinet I'm beginning to think Rand 2020.
Thank God someone in the #GOP is still sane. Hold their feet to the scourging fire, @RandPaul. Don't let'm take our #Constitutional rights.
100% agree; here is the bill:
There is seems to be "more to the story" these days.
What are they looking for on the phones?
Finger printing great idea!
It would be nice if your Civil Rights and freedom agenda included the right to not be defrauded too. Keep regs that prevent biz fraud. #CFPB
Yes I do if your not a citizen...
Only if you are not from here!
Maybe if we test these 'searches' outside the capitol on @SenateGOP and @SenateDems we'll see quicker regulation in place?
For you yes
it unexceptible for a General to believe something is not happening and it's not an answer.  He either knows or he doesn't know.
true.
Our liberties as Americans are being taken away piece by piece.
You need to focus in finding a way subpoena Ms. Rice and confiscate her electronic devices and see who she is emailing and texting...
We are living in a tech Era and Time. Communication we know now is different. I know someone really well if I knew who they called & texted
Thank you for standing up for our rights @RandPaul I hope the legislation succeeds!
Remove fingerprint unlock, get a friend to set a PIN & not tell you what the PIN is until a pre-arranged later time.
@Mike_Beacham @RandPaul @DHSgov YES..if that's what it takes.
@RandPaul him and @TGowdySC are the fn best.  America needs more of these guys
Hey if it's needed ....then do it !  Any thing in the name of safety.
And like terrorists are going to have their fellow terrorists in their contact list?
Yes.
Rand Paul doing his job.
@RandPaul can be so woke one minute and so broke another #whiteprivilege
I'm just really loving the PeeWee Herman nerds sitting behind @RandPaul
I think you better go golfing with Trump again soon because if he believes Assad gassed his own ppl while winning war w/ Russia he is dumb
At least there is @RandPaul protecting our Constitution. Those who surrender their liberties for a little security, deserve neither...
It genuinely bothers me no one listened to @RandPaul during the primaries.
Deny, deny, deny…
Wonder how many terrorist where around when the constitution was written.The Dems say the constitution should be a living,changing document
I watched hearings...and agree...that no US Citizen should be required to turn over the phone( without a warrant..) to re-enter the country.
Your lies and accusations are infantile. Golfing was good though?
If you have nothing to hide. It wouldn't bother me. Search my luggage, my purse,walk thru detector. Anything it takes to keep us safe
Unbelievable!! We hire a president  who had absolutely no vetting ; wouldn't even turn over his tax returns, yet he wants passwords &cells
source is the news? At least you asked for verification!
when it turns out true, he should go to prison for lying in front of congress
The problem is the PC police have to make us all suffer instead of applying common sense and just PROFILE like some other countries. Save $$
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP I am a long time California resident and CAdoes NOT want Sanctuary state! CA assembly refuses to hear CA res!CA
Absolutely unacceptable!!! Fix this, and fix it now! Citizens' freedoms & rights are being stepped on & for what? "Safety"? Unacceptable!!
Right because bad guys wouldnt ever think of changing out simm cards :P @DHSgov
He raises a damn good point! Freedom from Govt interference.
Moral of the story: DON'T TRAVEL WITH PRIVATE DATA.
See if you can get Al Sharpton to pay his taxes
Too bad he missed the vote on ISP's selling our info. Thanks @RandPaul
I can't believe I'm saying this, but I agree with Rand Paul but he should ask @realDonaldTrump these questions.
I can think of a number of reasons why a green card holder could/should be denied, naturalized citizen no. 300 illegal notaries in NC alone.
Outstanding bravo thxu Rand u R such an angel so respectful of our Constitution so lovit .. #StandWithRand
WOW agree with Paul amazing  Mr. Sec CBP personnel are out of control ask Muhammad Ali's  SON 
Agree... I'm all for Security, but American Citizens should NOT be the Targets here! Phones are off limit.... PERIOD!
#StandWithRand
Thank you Senator for always standing for our rights against all who threaten them!!
Try your local police anyone they arrest for anything they go through the phone search the vehicle
Not if you are an American citizen.  It's a privilege to come to this country.  If not a citizen, hand it over. No rights for non citizens!
Oh Rand get over it, keep out the unwanted.
if you were from AFGANA WHERE EVER THEN YES!
@realDonaldTrump is going to destroy International travel as we know it. And it is going to cause us to lose billions.
Fly out of Heathrow. They profile you. They have intimidating security people standing there watching you check in your luggage.
.@RandPaul don't make me like you! lol
If you checked out his views, you would find that you have a lot of middle ground. He is great on civil rights.
Can we confiscate Trumps phone then. Sounds reasonable.
DHS Head: "Mumble, mumble, stutter to tell the truth, mumble mumble, spurt outright lie about downloading data, condescending agreement."
Not if u r an American citizen, otherwise?.... hand over the phone.
Sometimes it feels like Rand is the only one left fighting for freedom.
Imagine if even 25% of politicians were as what I want to say, down to earth & there for their constituents, like Rand is.
***Quashing dissent***

Solely about intimidating ppl to pre-emptively reduce/stop criticism of Trump Admin
Didn't think I'd be saying this today but I agree with @RandPaul on this one. Thanks Senator.
U must not follow liberty.
Beware of those proclaiming to be Religious.
