who wants assad gone and why who wants him to stay and why?
I'd question if these strikes demonstrated strength but I'm ok if it stops here.
An aggressive action by the wildly unpredictable leader of a mighty force is more deterrent than strength.
Keep it up @RandPaul. The people who say "America first" yet at the same time support this type of interventionism don't get it.
That is why @RandPaul is not @POTUS if they broke international law, one which they were warned not to break someone had to stand.
@shupe_laura I love ya, Rand. 
But your point doesn't apply.
Was Reagan at war with Libya?
Obama/Pakistan?
Clinton/Bosnia?
Apples to oranges fallacy. Reagan responded to an attack on US servicemen by Libya. Bill Clinton had UN authorization in Bosnia.
What is UN authorization worth?
The difference between legal and not legal.
I have a bridge to sell you.
Trite.
Lost...totally against understanding the free promotion of democracy without tyranny from the world governments against its own people.
@realDonaldTrump ..please Paul tell us what our national interests are! To stand by and watch the Syrian people get butchered by chemicals.
Sit down and shut up delt with your type in Vietnam that didn't work out too well
Tell me how great Vietnam was again? Illegal use of Agent Orange, soldiers getting sick and bypassing the Constitution to go to Vietnam.....
Sick!!! 
Rand makes a very valid point.
We could also be speaking mandarin Chinese on another 20 yrs. because of war debt
Have you lived in Middle East and been evacuated because of radical islam? I have, and there is no reasoning for radical Islam.
So, are you going to pay for the war debt to Red China?
When will the rest of the world contribute?
We are talking Syria, not Red China.
no, we're talking about a 20 trillion national debt mostly owed to Red China & resulting from a war in Iraq.
If I was a cussing gal, I sure would use some of those words about now!!! 
But healthcare sure is, hey where's that healthcare legislation you wrote? What's that you've just been on twitter this whole time, oh....
Rand this attack was not the beginning of a war, @POTUS sent message to Syria stop gassing your people or be destroyed.  Stop nit picking
Neither were drones obama sent and killed many
Sen @RandPaul is less relevant each day. No one started a war. #SyriaStrikes helped stop the spread of #SarinGas, IN OUR NATIONAL INTEREST!
I don't want war in Syria, but I trust the President has a strategy.  Please help the President and keep the Deep State from betraying him.
the only strategy is to make large corporations money, what was the strategy in Vietnam, Afghanistan, Iraq, fill body bags with dead US sons
Cumhuriyetçi Sen. Paul, Cumhuriyetçi Trump'un Suriye politikasına yanlış olduğu için karşı çıkmış!!
Siyasal özgürlük böyle birşey!
I agree
While avoiding foreign entanglements is wise, Rand's brand of Libertarian isolationism is 'not in the national interest'.
Syria is not a threat to USA. It's not our problem. We aren't the world's policeman.
The Neocons.. You gotta bring em down.
Are you ever going to get anything done, or just complain
Of course they are. We must show the rest of the world we are not cowards. If we won't stand for children they who will. No time for Obama
Most of the world does not agree with you, even some of the liberals which is amazing in itself.
I get what your alluding to here Senator, just like you we're afraid of WW3 and I get your concern but I think you're wrong on this one
We are not afraid of WW3 .  We are afraid of the Neo Cons.....
WW3 is scary to think about
.@RandPaul We should've elected YOU President.
It is in the interest of human compassion.  It appears you are too self centered to care.
Are sure about that?
Syria: Another Pipeline War
please stop this insane movement towards WAR
i voted for your dad, didnt work out well, not tough enough.  Get on board with one agenda, or leave.
I was so happy we stood up to the world against inhumane killing of inhuman beings. What is in your heart Rand?
Sen Paul, you bring great embarrassment to the Commonwealth of KY and its residences.  When we invite in force that's WAR. This is life sav.
What specifically should have been done?
Loser!!! No one is listening!
We are being lied to but can't do anything until elections
It was only in Trumps interest.
Taking out most of that airfields capability is protecting our operators in Syria from chem attacks. That's nat'l interest to me.
Correction: u probably know by now I meant troops in syria
Congress has to end #ImperialPresidency with #AbsolutePower to strike/wage war https://www.opednews.com/Poll/Abolish-the-Tools-of-the-I-by-Gene-Cappa-100814-805.html … #LawOfTheJungle #lawless #CrimeAlert
Totally agree with him!
How in the hell can anyone think that getting involved in the Syrian Civil War is in our national interest?  
You are absolutely correct Senator!
You may think the Syria strikes not in national interest but they are in human life interest.  Thank you POTUS.
Delete your account
Let him know the next time your on the golf course
Rand Paul is right. It's as simple as that.
Then out of your salary you pay for all the cost incurred because of the refugees. I'm tired of paying out of my retirement!!!
@ThisIsWhyTrump It was the right thing to do.
I'm okay with it senator. I'm okay with Syria being an American oil colony. It's all on the table now.
sadly we have a big mess to clean up because of Obama and Hillary. Still need to fix Iraq also we broke it we own the mess
Removing chemical weapons in the hands of terrorists, and Assad is a terrorist, is in USA national interests.
And the United Nations isn't in the interest of forming "coalitions" of nations to do about much of anything, are they? What a waste of $$$.
yes you and Pappa-Ron hated Reagan too. We get it. @KYGOP your dog got loose again. @SenJohnMcCain the Stupid Kid's at it again.
It was a military strike, not the start of a war.
& SATAN IS GOD. REV. LKY IS INFALLABLE. NEUTRAL. THE 3KS R INNOCENT. SARCASM. DATA. NO BRAINER.

It's easy for us to pass this type of judgement; we don't witness first hand our children being gassed. @RandPaul please keep quiet on this
Agree @RandPaul . US C/N be involved in every conflict/war. Dictators killing their ppl everywhere, esp Africa. US C/N intervene.
Rand Paul  seems to be one of the few US Politicians that reasons with his brain and not as wanted by "Intelligence Community"
i still have hop that President Trump who i respect and i wanted him to win since the beginning with my respect and my admiration for you
Will do something to defeat isis and not listen to the neoconservative
I thought President Trump will work with putine who's protecting Christians in the middle east
I m a lebanese Christian who supported trump but now he did the hillary would do assad is a secular person
The popular idea in DC is DESPISED in my area.Please go to Ed Schultz in DC RTUSA and Tulsi Gabbard
Well, probably isn't, but it sure sent a message to Puti' and the rest of the world that we're done laying down like a whipped puppy.
The middle East is not out interest?
The Middle East is not our interest?
Off the reservation.
so you want Assad to kill those babies and go unpunished? Rand, sometimes your statements don't make sense
There isn't a right or wrong he should just shut up to much whining go on the news we got your message the first time
It was not us interest but the international law demands it.... As if Assad can do it there he can do it here
what is happening with Healthcare, taxes and Susan Rice. Come on!!!!!
These CNN & Co urinalists touch-up pics to suit their bosses. DON'T BELIEVE THEM! They r the lowest scum of the earth...
You are SOOOOOO wrong on this one Rand!! Sit down and hush!!
You're a MD put your issues away on this one Senator Paul.
You're over reacting senator. We did not go into all out war. We slapped a murderous dictator in the hope he will quit killing children.
The people supporting Trump now didn't support Obama's Syria invasion in 2013. Such hypocritcs. Trump fooled us. Deal with it.
It`s in Israel`s interest, isn`t that who Trump is working for?
The US was not under attack. The UN should have responded but they are ineffectual. Trump should have Congressional approval.
@kaysalem Fully agree.
Why don't you grow a pair??!!!
Look at polls from America. They supported this. They also want you to fix healthcare. @POTUS
Rand you were on a roll don't mess it up
Use of chemical weapons on defenseless children is not in America's interest.
Please shut up.
Rand is right!
neither are you. What he did will put a lot of ppl back in line. u have a great man in the oval,work with him
: So you prefer to Fiddle while Rome burns.
Thank you senator Paul!
Trump  How was the course this weekend Paul? Taxpayers would like you covering the check. @POTUS 
@jasoninthehouse @TGowdySC @SenJohnMcCain
You are not in the nations best interest thank god you were dead last in the election
Run to CNN for help with your anti-Trump agenda!
he is a camera ho. It's an embarrassment
So what do YOU suggest we do about the slaughter of people then broadcasting it to the world as if poking a finger in our eye!?
Trump just screwed his entire base. He campaigned on America 1st, non-intervention and anti-establishment. LIES!!!!
God Bless you Dr Paul.
you are an amazing representative but you are wrong on this point.
Interest
What do you consider "national interedt" ?
Right as usual. The only sane voice in Washington.
Welp you threw your support behind this Jack ass- enjoy
War started a while ago.
Children and babies being killed is national interest! Very sad to hear you say this. Guess you have no heart.
Really Denise? Assad's opponents have killed thousands of children sometimes in the most horrific ways. YOU have remained silent on that.
When anyone kills a child I say take them down or out at any means. I don't care who does the killing you get what is coming so really
I support you everytime Trump said it Assad is not priority but leting him cross a red line is being unsensible with humanity. Pls Don't be.
Stop crying your not president.
#StandWithRand
If it concerns our ability to uphold the fed?
GreAt job on CNN senator your real self starting to show can't wait for you to stop tax reform healthcare etc.
Wrong on this Senator Paul
Wow you are so wrong in any country using chemicals or biological against humans you are so wrong
Shut up Paul
You lost Trump won get over it and shut up
This is anti Semitic, Mr. Paul. If a foreign policy action benefits Israel, the US has to do it. Because of the Holocaust
diplomacy, business,friendship are @realDonaldTrump strength, let @POTUS use those to bring peace to the world
CNN 'not in the national interest'. Shame on you for patronizing their fake news service, Dr. Paul
Here comes Paul's Yellow streaks again.
While I agree with you 98% of the time, you are dead wrong on this one. Next  attack may be our soldiers. That is our national interest.
Does he need congressional approval. An then only if conflicts go over 30 day's.
You are just WRONG Senator the War Powers Act gives the POTUS the athority for this kind of engagement. Only if the POTUS puts boots on grnd
How can you say that? To let it go would embolden all to think its ok to use chemical weapons because no one do anything. Unacceptable.
ISIS use ChemWeapons in Erbil/Mosul Iraq, Damascus, Syria according to reports (NYT/UN/Red Cross/NGO's). Warmongers not interested in truth
so it's in the national interest for Russia and Iran to start gobbling up the Mid East?
What about the effect it had on the Chinese, billions of dollars may be saved in trade deficit?? Isn't that in our national interest.
It was in our interest because use of chemical weapons was outlawed, and we must not let them be used on anyone, including the US.
get ur fcts str8 1st Syrian air forcs bombd terrorst chemicl factry cazn chlorine fumes 2 fill the air
Rand your a good man and a good Senator but no one is starting a war SYRIA started this by gassing their own people good grief
Not in National Spirit?  But it sure makes us feel good!
Silent majority is listening keep running your mouth.
Yes. Thank you sir. We like to hear voices of reason.
Stick to replacing Obamacare . Let the men handle Syria
Of course not its in the globalists interests. That want that pipeline regardless how many must die to get it. Sick guys!!!
I am a Rand fan, but this is just him positioning as the real "isolationist" for a future run. Kind of annoying.
Sit down Rand Paul! Glad U aren't the President.
Maybe idk message to china to stop n Korea
Publicly saying so was not in this nation's best interest you dolt
Besides you Rand, I don't think many in Congress have any backbone. Many of our past Prez's should have been impeached and thrown in jail.
THE DT ACTION IS UNCONTROVERSIAL TO THE WHOLE WORLD, IF YOU SEE YOUR OWN CHILDREN DELIBIRATELY SUFFER AND DIES, WOULD YOU REACT LATER???
Respectfully disagree Sir. The use of WMD are a threat to all nations. The measured response was perfectly balanced. Does nothing about CWar
Nothing been proven and right now UN is on a different lead
Good point, you can see how I can come to that conclusion right?
Healthcare & Taxes should be YOUR National interest! Not what @realDonaldTrump is doing on the World Stage!  #MAG
Sorry Rand, anytime chemical weapons used on anybody it is our national interest to respond.
What's wrong with you @RandPaul?? He absolutely did not need your approval and you know it! Knock it off!!
So sad, the American ppl don't know who 2 believe anymore!
Actually @RandPaul YOU have become 'not in the national interest.' How did you ever get elected in Kentucky?
Not in those who were killed or wounded either.  This is who you and your constituents elected.  Do something about it.
Yeah it was! Because now the world knows they're not dealing with a wussy President! Showed strength
So we just let Dictatorships use chemical weapons? @RandPaul
Ass
And I was so hopeful Rand could help with healthcare. Now this.
Rand Paul is a pathetic week little man
Rand its time for you and Tulsi to form the dynamic duo of bi partisan rational discourse on US military intervention in sovereign nations
Rand, we are not the worlds policeman. I want to know to which hallowed text are we referring as justification for int'l mltry intervention?
I tend to agree, I believe it highly important to the interests of human kind - can't stand by sucking your thumb! @TillersonUSA #syria
US Military are over there in Syria! They are American Interests! Maybe not to you & Washington Cronies- but they are to Us-We The People!
