@KellyRek very clear, succinct and limited plan.  Good start
You're one of the more principled fiscal conservatives. But quality healthcare is extremely important. I implore you reconsider.
He's a doctor.  He knows all about health care.
he knows about opthamology, not necessarily optimal healthcare payment policies.
You really think, as both a doctor and senator, he hasn't studied the issue thoroughly?
He specifically advocates getting rid of the "pre-existing conditions" protections of the ACA. Yeah, he's not read up.
His plan addresses that issue.  States can cover those people.  It's absurd to force an insurance co to cover them.
but why leave it up to the states? The thing is, not all of them will. And they should. Also doesn't change anything except scale
Because private companies shouldn't be forced to pay for conditions patients had before insurance.

ATTN @RandPaul! Do you AGREE or DISAGREE with @realDonaldTrump comparison of US Intel agencies to Nazi Germany? 

…
how many people will die from removing the precondition requirement? there is more to fucking life than balancing a budget
the primacy of emotion. U transfer the pre condition to carrying insurance through healthy times as a condition of life
Repeal/don't replace.  Get govt out of healthcare.  End 1095. Medicare, Medicaid, VA - singlepayer govt nitemares
I trust you Mr. Paul. My ? is what about the unemployed & Healthcare b/c of Obama's failed policies (jobs)
go after the OVERPRICED "health"care.
you know the more parsimonious plan is single-payer or a public option, right? This plan is so complex, there's bound 2 b issues
you have no fucking plan
That alternative is for the government to quit jacking up costs and allowing free enterprise.
You think everyone makes enough for an HSA?
Stand Tall, Sen. Rand Paul!!! Bravo!!!
maybe but must be careful
Start by killing ACA "tax" penalty! The tax is the teeth! How come NO ONE that wants to "Repeal & Replace" will end the tax? WHY?
Thank you for your vote for Sanders' amendment yesterday. You have my respect.
Thank you for voting your conscience and breaking from the Republucan majority on vital issues. Paul demonstrates true leadership.
How will this impact minors in the #FosterCare system and those that age out? Provisions in #ACA to keep coverage to age 26.
If replace is not included,  vote no! Ky. residents were tricked. Did not know Kynect was Obamacare, this was a sin against GOD!
Do it!!
. Need to take the IRS out of the equation.
thank you Senator Paul. You're a hopeful voice I can count on. Keep fighting the good fight.
yes Rand Paul the plan he has is called Jesuscare it has no monthly premium
Couldn't Isn't anyone who gets rich off of healthcare while people die because they can't afford are guilty of negligence/murder?
Getting rid of the most popular part of the ACA that helps the most people, great plan, Rand.
I'm very okay with a full repeal. BTW, just finished take a stand, awesome.
fetched that pple shop around when they get sick & seek better t'ment but standard for ins companies to cherry pick healthy people
I feel like In theory there are many good aspects to the plan. I disagree about preexisting conditions tho as I think it's far ...
Anything is better than forcing me to get healthcare, because our 4 person family cannot afford it.  Rather buy food and pay rent.
Please don't take our #HealthCareReform Investigate the insurance companies instead. I think they pulled a fast one on everyone
Changed my mind n disagree. Must cut off snakes head now or it will grow two more
good work, lets get it passed
Prediction. Sen Paul will some day be president.
Can we continue to allow young adults to stay on their parents' plan until age 26? I see nothing wrong with that aspect of ACA.
great article! Wishing you success Dr. Paul. You surely have the right prescription for what ails us. Thank you for your efforts!
admit it. The problem is Medicare.
HSA's are worthless and don't help the poor! They are only for the rich who can afford to save! My health plan is better.
Not bad Senator. That put some of my fears to rest. I was worried the plan would not be pvt market based, but you did well!
@TheDemocrats @SenSchumer @POTUS Family, friends were happy to hear POTUS say he would publicly approve a BETTER ACA replacement.
Dr. Paul, now I know why you've be so quite lately. You've been working on a well thought out heath care plan.  Rand's Plan.
@gop has had how many years to prepare for this?6-8 years & all we hear from @SpeakerRyan is 'we have many ideas' Why not a PLAN
could take it all away #NOSESSIONS (2/2)
U helped 2 create the Carrers Act but it still sits at the bottom of a pile. Time to get this out & passed. Jeff Sessions (1/2)
also create a paid ver of medicaid for ACA replacement, then let free market adjust to lower cost then choose your own insurance
no do the opposite move all sick people with cancer to paid version of Medicare or free Medicare based on income.
it is an excellent start Paul is detailed and  has covered all bases repeal and then replace you can always tell which leaders
Your the only person in Washington we can trust to do whats best for our country. #randpaul2020
I'm.thinkin there is a gap. Insurance is good but there are still those left out. encentivize the states to expand free clinics
Seems like big health Corp still on charge.
if I have a pre-existing condition I'll be denied under your proposed plan? A lot of people will get sick or possibly die.
Why big Why don't you start controling prices of medical service and medicines.2why We see family Dr everytime before specialist.
alway liked you and your dad
glad you are working on it. No repeal without replacement!
you bet it is.
Rand Paul should be President Elect. He works for Americans!!!
Insurance is a risk management tool (future). Pre-existing treatment shouldn't be paid by insurance...period.
health risks develop later in life from pre-existing condts you are born with People should be able to get treatment
I don't think not being covered for out of left field diseases that will bankrupt you if you get them is "gaming the system"
this plan seems to encourage insurance companies to "game" Americans into buyin barebone plans that screw them when diagnosed
as a progressive Democrat, I would prefer a single payer system - but I agree there are (cont) http://tl.gd/nnbik5 
#MediPaul
Absolutely! GOP should not be stumbling over time line. Replace w' Repeal should be prudent & swift. D Trump is correct. #Liberty
Nobody needs an alternative to Obamacare.  Repeal it and be done with it.
There have always been healthcare regulations, you suggest eliminating all regulations?
An excellent idea but my response was limited to repealing Obamacare.
Thank you for highlighting provision of #NDAA that allows for indefinite detention of #USA citizens. Can you give public more info
Your plan will probably more and insures less people.
would my 22 year old daughter still be able to stay on our insurance?
things like universal healthcare are not frivolous expenditures. In fact they are quite the opposite & more likely 2 work than ACA
you have no plans
Leave the name, Obamacare.  Make it better. Get Trump to get private industry to open bid on medicine.
How is it difficult?  You repeal it. I don't get penalised because I can't afford it by IRS!  WTF are you doing introing new plan?
Happy Wednesday, dear Senator Dr. Rand Paul! 
Will you post the actual plan? Would love to send to my friends on the left who say our side has no plan. Thx for the awesome job!
how about you just repeal ACA and all other regulations entirely
Why not have any laws either. Anarchy.
anarchy simply means the absence of rulers. It doesn't mean rights are not respected.
whatever,trumpkin.
not an argument. And I hate Trump. Assuming is a bad strategy.
Don't repeal Obamacare without an alternative plan.
How about get the federal government out of the healthcare industry in total? That's not what the welfare clause is.
#StandWithRand
right, so more people can die in debt while healthcare CEOs get fat off the price gouging
what competition? How has that been working?
what has the senate been doing for 7 years. There must be a plan. Public doesn't care if it takes a few months.
"Paul would eliminate the pre-existing-condition regulations altogether" why? That's just begging for abuse by HIP's.
Senator we are in crisis. We MUST have Trump hearings PRE-inaug. Regular families like mine not perpetual protestors SRSLY worried
It is unacceptable to wait to inaugurate & let Pence calmly take over a questionable administration. It is NOT worth this risk.
Clutch your pearls, and find a fainting couch.  Everything will be fine.  #OhPlease
Congress has had years to work out a plan re: replacing ObamaCare...now..caught with NO plan...not good.
Prosperity is not free; we have to work for prosperity.
