no human with a heart would believe this BS, which is why you are pushing it. #randpaulisevil
That's not an argument.  Healthcare is more expensive now after ACA some seeing 600% increase with $$$$ deductibles
Do your own research. Increases are in GOP run states that refused fed $$ for expansion of coverage . #moreGOPlies
Try again.  I'm in Dem run state seeing 600% increases.  Nice try tho
U mean make insurance CEO's richer? U mean take healthcare away from 20 million? U mean destroy Medicare w/ACA? Ur fooling no1!
Insurance companies are the only ones that have benefitted under Obamacare.  Lost my coverage and pay penalty!
did your state expand Medicaid? And I beg to differ. Ask 20,000,000 Americans that have benefitted.
I'm not eligible.  Even If you make min wage and 40 hour work week, you aren't eligible.
Medicaid subsidizes ACA. If ur state didn't expand MC. Ur "leaders" failed u. Not ACA.
Yeah Obama failed us with his Obamacare.  Complete leadership failure from Obama.
done w/u. ur obviously a troll spreading alt-facts.
Actually spreading mine and coworkers personal experience but you'll believe what you want.
Let's appoint a special prosecutor to investigate trump and @GOP #RussianGate What's in your insurance package?
Lefty Trolls (weakly) attacking the liberty movement now.  Very low energy.  Sad!
you are fooling no one
Not an argument.  Healthcare is more expensive under Obamacare.
Rand I've known you for year's, you have not done anything without an agenda or benefits. Reality check: take a look at your State
Anecdotal.  Not an argument
"legal"? sheesh, this article was clearly written by someone w $, it's strictly propaganda of worst sort.
Healthcare was more affordable before Obamacare and more businesses could offer it to their employees.
Shame you have no clue!You should look up (Google?)The number of ppl on #ACA in #Kentucky! Another Self-Interest Republican
you know he's not just a doctor but a surgeon, right?
Well! Bless his "Patient Care First" heart! Feel for #Kentucky sick ppl who will loose bc of his Self-Interest.
they went on medicaid they won't lose
@Lagartija_Nix =>Love your plan! People can choose the type of coverage they want, not what the gov forces down your throat.
if you drove a single payer solution to fruition, you'd be immortalized in history. Not a footnote.
#StandWithRand
it seems as if Republican health care plans could significantly hike insurance premiums for individuals 60+. Time to change party
you r the funniest senator
@CNN @MSNBC @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer ACA saves lives,LEGAL it is. Stop the madness. Replacement must be an upgrade,NOT Downgrade.
I agree
We American People, most of us, want Affordable Care Act remain! Otherwise, people w/ serious medical conditions won't be covered!
this is just silly nonsense! We all need healthcare that is affordable. Before ACA people died from cancer etc b/c they had no ins
why not make it a must for everyone, Medicare For Everyone
only if one can take the business out of hospitals and their enormous cost.
Are you trying to say it wasn't legal? I'm from KY and you DO NOT represent our interests. I hope this is your last term served.
Impeach and replace!
I was deemed "uninsurable" bc of a common, non-fatal, non-harmful condition caed PVCs. Are you advocating for a return to that?!
My wife teaches math to poor students at a funding deprived school, any way we can get your same level of coverage and price?
how by eliminating Medicaid and preexisting condition exclusion? You're a phoney.
Young people are not going to buy expense health insurance and anyone that thinks that does not have children, period!
you mean make lifetime coverage maximums legal again. Shame on you.

@SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader 
@SenTedCruz @SenateMajLdr 
So we're clear, repealing the #ACA is going to end poorly for the @GOP
You mean back to telling someone they're going to die because a lack of  to pay for healthcare? But hey, at least it's legal.
Healthcare is more expensive under Obamacare.  Most can't afford it and now pay penalty on top of no healthcare.
Then I look forward to the replacement since it seems to be important now.
Yes
we must replace all of Obamacare, not just parts, or we're screw again!!
Don't exempt from Fed anti-trust laws. Prosecute the price fixers
Let's stop equating insurance with health care. Insurance is a Ponzi scheme--too many spend more $ on premiums than actual health.
Amen..and I want you,Pres. Trump & other leaders on this issue..to tell the Amer people...it is not the gov job to provide HC
and take away the insurance companies so pt can pay doc directly and lets buy our meds from Canada.
@SteveKBannon repeal #Obamacare our old plans are legal again do one time open enrollment Medicare style & then do fed safety net
I didn't know healthcare was illegal....?
I'm going to Die without the drugs I need each month.... Just not able to pay for them... Any plans to reel in the drug companies.
@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer ACA has flaws, NOT a failure.Saved countless lives.$350B Repeal ACA, cheaper to FIX ACA flaws.
Cheaper premiums means less benefits than the ACA.
let's get government out of our lives on all levels! All government does is make people dependent and bleed out tax payers!
??? Que??
How about lets have Rx, Dr's & Ins co's charge Americans, Africans, Mexicans, et. al. the same. My family is no less valuable.
Dems are claiming health insurance will be taxed under your plan. Can you respond to that?
No, let us make it for all people again.  It can be done.  Other countries do it.
Serious change make HSA's available to all who buy coverage privately. Currently have a high deductible yet not HSA "compliant' BS
that is quite literally the dumbest headline ever written.
#INSURANCE I-Intervention N-Necessarily S-Securing U-Unexpected R-Reasonable A-Actuaries N-Not C-Covered E-Effectively
Before ACA my mom had such a plan until she got so sick she couldn't work. No money no premiums, no treatment. She die painfully
Yeah, make a single payer healthcare. The best in the world
Spare us your idiotic punch lines! Show us in detail HOW your plan is better for the American people than what they have now.
the insurance companies will just love you
any/all options you've suggested take away healthcare access from millions, including vets. 
#ComeUpWithRealSolution
#AffordableCareAct is a law (LEGAL)! Whether it's efficacious, is another question. Don't misguide ppl for ur vote bank politics.
Let's improve upon ACA and save lives, be real heroes. #1 thing to make a country great is healthy people.
Stop threatening us with this.That is all you do. Where is YOUR concern about RUSSIA & Rumps lies? THATS more important than ACA!
LOL. That is is fucking stupidest thing I've read on Twitter today. Bravo! You win the internet!
I like my ObamaCare jerk
Every insurer is pulling out of ACA most of exchanges have closed down. Added insured were Medicaid while our plans $ skyrocketed.
Dr. Paul, please push GOP to keep promises to America to #RepealAndReplace not ACA-lite. In 2018 we remember.
It's totally legal, as long as you buy it like government hacks say you must.
Everything u need to know re: #ACA repeal :
In KY, working families lose $259m tax credits, while hi-income get $677m tax cut.
I think Obamacare should just be left to die.  The left owns it.  Let them figure it out.
(3) as Pres. Kennedy stated: Ask not what ur country can do for U..but what u can do for ur country. NO cradle to grave gov assist
(2) people must take responsibility for their own lives...and the lives of the children they opt to bring into the world..
Love it Senator, but can we please address more of the root causes of high insurance premiums? It's a medical-care/cost issue.
@aztecs99 it is - its just not affordable !
what does this even mean?
- please tell all of us - will you join the #healthcare plan you build? And if not, why do you expect us to want it?
just repeal it. It goes back to what it was, and you fix that!!!!! simple????
More correctly, let's make it legal for health insurance companies to abuse customers. Still waiting: Why do you hate America?
CATASTROPHIC POLICIES w/ HSAs
You mean let's make insurance company profiteering and exploitation of the vulnerable legal again #SaveACA
Obamacare significantly has benefited insurance companies while working class has lost coverage and pays fine!
How about Medicare-for-all. All politicians have to be on it for 5 years after leaving office and can't buy additional plans.
Repeal and replace!!
idiot!
That's not an argument.  Obamacare has cost working class their healthcare and they now pay massive fine!
-Amen , and do something about the ridiculous price for drugs! We know the politicians are getting rich on them
.@RandPaul Baloney. The ACA banned useless forms of insurance and provided coverage for millions. Shame on you for spreading lies, Randy.
.@RandPaul How much did the insurance lobby pay you to make this tweet? What's the going price for a GOP soul these days?
you are a hypocrite you have insurance provided by the People what do we get in return  Stop trying to justify Republicans action
@cplbhvac This refers to an article in "Investors Business Daily". Did anyone criticizing even bother to read it? I doubt it.
. Free market across state lines. Make it happen.
1. Ins cos can sell in any state, just comply w/ that states regs; Removing state reg boundaries would result
also I think it's time for you & all politicians to stop sucking the teat of the American people & pay for your own health ins.
We see you and we know you took an oath to do no harm and oath to uphold Constitution. Watching you gleefully take a dump on both.
What kind of health insurance do you have? And where is our independent prosecutor to investigate #RussianGate?
I have no heath insurance since Obamacare rollout and employer cut heath benefits. Can't afford it and pay penalty too!
How about having single Payer?  The insurance companies don’t give a hoot about us.
lets take Congress and their families insurance and see how you feel#response
.@RandPaul This is one of the dumbest things I've seen a politician tweet in months. That's really saying something.
“Let's Make Health Insurance Legal Again” http://bit.ly/2lQMdOM  
let's make treason illegal again.
How about leaving me affordable options for CX treatment? Will I have to sell my house to afford treatment? Do you care?
It is legal, put your glasses on. All you have to do is fix the rough spots and kick the Ins Cos in the ass to get them to comply.
I want the health plan Congress has.,
remove bureaucracy
how is it not legal?
They misspelled "LETHAL".
Crazy reinstate  lifetime caps throw back to state in block grant, cut Medicaid expansion, assholes, heartless and shameful
Your government insurance plan is one of the best in the country. Spare us your bogus libertarian pontificating.
@GOP  it's so easy, vote us the health plan congress voted for themselves. Or require congress to use the plan they vote for us
Let's make the Whitehouse legal again.
shame on you @RandPaul Shame.
your talking about healthcare and the greatest threat to our democracy goes unchecked! I thought you were smart!
Like the rest of the @GOP you're a fraud a liar and a disgraceful human being.. We. See. You.
yeah ! When health care because affordable for all Americans the corrupted Republicans raise premiums for the rich to afford
Let's cut medical & dental benefits for Senate & Congress. Give u & them a HMO with co-pays. No more life time coverage.
And no more lifetime salary. Let them earn a pension like any government worker.
when was illegal? I think you meant unobtainable by the poor. Let them get sick and die, while we make the rich richer.
does that mean you are getting off the kill insurance wagon? Shame. Shame. Shame.
lets fix the over priced health care system first. Saline shouldn't cost 27 bucks a bag!
abolish the FDA and end regulations on healthcare then.
Everone need to read this srticle
/ Amen !
May WE have the same insurance YOU have...
There is still a free insurance market .You can purchase any insurance you want as long as it exceeds or meets the
Obama care standards .
- This statement is really misleading & it calls Trump's false promise of a slogan to mind. Try"We want to improve x,y and z."
Yes: Let's distinguish insurance from welfare. Obama merged them to conceal the welfare. Return to truth in advertising.
We don't need H Ins we need healthcare put your plan into Medicaid no new start up cancel1 plan save another  plus lots of money
you mean making it legal to discriminate against women again? Or those with chronic conditions? Or leave people out of market?
Yo you fascists, Rolls Royces are also legal, but not many can afford one. Difference is owning one isn't a life or death matter.
Your plan blows and everyone knows it. #RepairNotRepeal
you bending over for Trump makes me sick.
Um, what?
The ACA is the only reason as a self employed individual that I can afford insurance for my family. Please don't risk their health
The beginning of the GOP death panels.
it's called kynect and over 100000 in your state is on it.  Oh yeah they don't actually know it's obamacare
Clues are available everywhere. You should consider getting one some time.
Republicans, mean to abolish everything you love; want to take away everything care about, and to destroy everything you have
Rand Paul once said Donald Trump is a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag,,, Now he kisses his ,,,,
