Phailed physicians should be banned from political office.
That's like putting the fox in charge of the hens.  Congratulations.
thanks for selling us out.
this is SICK
ok Rand Paul.  You join the list of disappointing Senators.  Congrats!  Pruitt is as qualified as DeVos
Remember 

2018  2020

@RandPaul FULLY SUPPORTS Trump and REFUSES an Independent Commission into Russia.
@AGScottPruitt
who needs clean air & water to live said no human being EVER!
way to go!
So no clean air, clean water, streams, rivers.  What could possibly go wrong?
Oh that right! Let the waters be polluted, the air full of chemicals to breathe, no restictions on anything CHINA.
@CNN @ChrisMsnbx @ABCPolitics Ppl are denied interviews,force to resign with no rehire status if suit employer.
coward sell out GOP
how does this fall into your libertarian roots? Sad to see you be just another politician, 100% lost my support
YES, & CONGRADS TO PLANET EARTH!! & SO LONG - WE LOVED U!!!??? STUPID SOBS!!
mr Paul can u confirm within the last 72 hours was there a terrorist attack in Sweden ???
Repeal Regulatory War?? Initiate extermination by polluting water ways!! Corps make $ while people die
NOT for the people-to enhance the global profits of  gluttonous corporate empires you COURT.Emerging Flint-like communities SOON
So Many People #DictatorDon #Treason #LockHimUp
He hates the EPA. What a joke.
Perhaps you should've waited to vote/offer congrats until after contents of COURT ORDERED e-mail dump is revealed.
So much for the BS about individual rights. Polluter pals destroy individuals while you think about your $$$$
Why not Bolton to replace Flynn.
@TaraEndTheFED @AGScottPruitt  Bribery corruption who cares?
Environment destroyer! Deplorable! 
A career criminal who plundered Oklahoma, pandered & got money from whose he regulated. Good Riddancer! . #resist
Global warming is real, oil spills are real, bad water is real.  You need to consider future generations.
, you would support @AGScottPruitt. Neither one of you cares about the future generations with your agenda to pollute the earth.
Your climate change denial & ignorance endanger our national security. Tiring having to explain basic concepts to u
he realizes the regulations are hurting his comrades in the fossil fuel boardrooms. #spareusthebullshit
Hurrah! Let the mass fracking and subsequent wastewater injection well earthquakes begin!
The MANMADE EARTHQUAKE MAN look what he did in his state. Are U blind or don't really care?
rand I used to believe in and advocate for you. You've lost all my trust. I'll never support you.
smaller government on its way.  Let's get make the EPA reasonable again.
After he sued the EPA numerous times??? Yea, great choice! #conflictsofinterest
. So you are congratulating the EPA-Hater as the new head of EPA?? Sorry sweetie. You have already lost my vote.

Pruitt will destroy the EPA. But think of how big THE RESISTANCE will be once we all drink toxic water. Thx Rand.
Oh exciting. I cannot wait to start enjoying coal slurry in my water again! Thanks for voting, Randy!
thank god you are going overhaul the ACA. We will need it when this guy allows our environment to go to hell
Smart man
Congratulations to you for being a coward putting party over country by voting for pro-civil forfeiture/anti-legalization Sessions
@rescuetracker81 @AGScottPruitt congratulations! Budget and streamline.
#StandWithRand
@BernieSanders Do U support investigationOf #ExxonMobil forMisleading politiciansAbout #climatechange #Ecocide #USA
disgusting! You sold out future generations! #resist #boughtandpaidfor
so pathetic.
Get rid of the dam EPA...
It's going 
travesty for the environment - more Flint water and Beijing air in our future.
I am normally in agreement with your libertarian philosophies, but this guy is just a shill. Height of cronyism yet u support???
We will still see the emails. Then you all can deal with that fallout.
Future generations will remember all the Rs that helped destroy the EPA and destroyed the planet for few more jobs
Now USA poisoned & develop breathing disorders as pollution increases, food & water contaminated & we die fast
Senator, there's an old saying, "you don't sh*t where you eat".. ring any bells? #commonsense
it was good to see you support @potus @realdonaldtrump the democrats could learn a thing or two from you and trump.
wow, this man is going to cash out on our future #thanksalotasshole
Congrats Less govt means more freedom for the American people !!!! The climate will always change; will the Dumbs?
@Potus  When the next spill happens & taxpayers have to pay for it, what will Sen.Paul tell tell his supporters ?
congratulations to both of you on all your Big Oil money #Pruitt
Time to rein in the "fourth branch" of government! These are exciting times, gentlemen!
Oohfah.
.@RandPaul @All100Senators @AGScottPruitt I assume water-contaminated-by-mine-runoff toasts are in order? Vichy GOP strikes again #resist
Yes, that is probably a very good deal for you Senator Paul Rand, more dollars in YOUR pocket & earth gets fucked.
please first find a plan to replace then repeal
.@RandPaul @AGScottPruitt You are the reason I will no longer vote republican @GOP is obv paid by big oil. Science is clear #marchforscience
This is horrifying and dangerous.
Congratulations on destroying the environment. #environmentfirstcorporationssecond #goponlycaresaboutprofit
Shameful choice that doesn't serve KY well. #sad
Goodby EPA, the environment and humans.  You suck Paul.
you just began the demise of our environment which means the demise of America, it's people, and your lineage
In other words say goodbye to clean air and water to put money in the pockets of the rich.  GOP=Party of Corruption
Tow that party line!
The latest Gallup poll

Trump's job-approval rating is 38%
disapproval rating: 56% 
cant wait for fracking earthquakes, dirty water & air -- disaster
again another embarrassing post from our so called Senator!  Who ARE you representing?? Not KY.
MY FELLOW AMERICANS DO NOT FORGET THAT THESE GOP SENATORS FAILED THEE AMERICAN PEOPLE WHEN WE NEEDED THEM MOST.
BUT, BUT, EMAILS! WHERE ARE HIS EMAILS???????
unf*cking real.  I want a world for my grandchildren
pull back the illegitimate EPA, overstretched and overreach to the max
no need to read those emails he's been hiding, huh? Bang up job you guys are doing
it is actually the regulatory war on the end of existence, but tomato, tomaaaaaaoooh my god it's 70 in February!
What a Shitty pick.  Its not about which side your on, he is just a bad choice. @worstcabinetinhistory
The environment is doomed during his tenure.
because we all love polluted air and water
What is the market rate for a soul? Asking for a friend.
climate change is real. Remember that! Our past few Texas summers & winters are a testiment to how real it is...
and condolences to planet Earth.
You voted for a crooked polluter. Kentuckians probably don't care but you will never get a national audience.

Regulate all Waste water from Solar Cell production plants to Tesla Battery plants ...or None !
One of the worst picks yet.
thought you might have had a brain! history will remember that you let the world burn.
No expression of sympathy for the people and environment? Shame on you both for hating those you should serve.
pollution for all! Poisonous water-whoo hoo! Cancerous air -yay! Oil dependency -goody gum drops!
non elected bureaucrats throwing people in jail, ruining lives over tiny infractions.
and to think I used to like you Paul...
Fully Support POTUS!! America Stands Strong With President Trump. USA Relying on U. Prosecute Obama Shadow Govt. Intel Leaks!
Q: How far back will pendulum swing?   1906 Pittsburgh as seen below?  Where is the line being drawn?
Fuck that guy
love it, liberals even more unhinged, this is awesome
tell the people in Flint that regulations have gone too far. I am continuously disappointed by your Mr. Paul
this is absolutely disgusting. Why not rename it the Environmental Destruction Agency? #resist
libertarian man. Stop calling it Obamacare unaffordable Care Act never use his name again banished his name
I can't wait to see what's in those emails! #bigoil?
Sad to see Rand rolling over like this, libertarian my ass! @mattyglesias
disgusting! You should be ashamed!
Rand. You are a slave to a dying industry filled with dinosaurs. Coal is on its last leg because it's fleeting
burn that coal baby & bring back smog YEAH
yea who needs those pesky regulations trying to keep air and water clean, all about "jobs" right?
That has to be a bad joke!
shameful! Shame on everyone who voted yes to have this man head the EPA.
the environment be damned eh Senator? There is no global warming because you say so va science?
Senator,  I am so disappointed with you :-(
Lost a lot of respect for you. So much for a clean planet.
Yes! Hurray 4 black lung! They owe it all 2 u & Mitch. What u didn't tell them was he said CLEAN COAL, just like O
I will never vote for you again and will work for to elect your next opponent. You and @SenateMajLdr are shameful!
Here's a meme for you:
are you kidding!?
what happened Rand? Where is the independent free thinker???
U continue to help trump restock the swamp.
what happened to "first, do no harm?!" #HippocraticHypocrisy
I have a grandchild expected in the fall. Thanks for destroying his/her planet. History will not b favorable 2 u.
Can we start by cutting EPA budget. I have heard that EPA expense reports add up to a 2nd salary.
I cannot see a reason beyond shallow partisan fealty for you, a man of reason and science, to support this joker.
Of course he does and that's exactly why he voted for him
Congratulations 
Reichfuerer Ryan has his Fourth Reich pick to dismantle the EPA. Rand did you join the Fourth Reich too? So sad
Thanks for nothing, Rand.  You've sold out your roots and constituents. Can't wait for Appalachia to suffer more.
How so? Rand is all about getting taxation out of our lives. EPA takes tax dollars.
Yes!!!

Amen!
Gonna trade that for a war on clean air and water, instead? Any entity with profit motive will not self regulate.
.@RandPaul @AGScottPruitt And condolences to the Earth and those who give a damn about it...
You don't care what he will do to your grandchildren's world?
remember when email scandals mattered to the GOP? I hope that the Hillary email affair wasn't just empty election posturing :/
Congratulations to @RandPaul for selling his soul.
you're pathetic sellout

The regulatory war is fought on behalf of most Americans for health and safety. Your repeals can suck it.
How could you do this? Seriously. WHY? You no longer have my support. WE NEED CLEAN AIR TO LIVE!
you have FeelTheBern in your profile. You never supported him in the first place.
you don't know that
think of this as DC "Climate Change"...
Heartfelt apologies to future generations who'll have to deal with the ecological fallout of this O&G toady. Shame.
well, spoiler alert: THERE ARE NONE. Just ask Flint. You can even ask ask Ben Franklin.
Party before country
you look forward to him dismantling the EPA? Yes, you're a real patriot. 
Thank you for recognizing the reality, these GOPers have every intention of neutralizing standards.
How about make sure he doesn't swing it back too far in the other direction; our children will pay with their lives
not exactly.
Regulating puddles shouldn't fall under the jurisdiction of the EPA.
SHAME SHAME SHAME
Congratulations! I didn't want grandchildren, anyway.
