Stop acting like a crying little Democrat. Sell guns to other countries and allow them to defend themselves America first.
Such an ignorant statement.

Too bad you didn't spend any of your time in a civics class. If so you would understand special counsel can't impeach him.Ignorant snowflake
Thank you for your leadership on this, please keep pushing!
Do you support President @realDonaldTrump
Do you agree on the support Saudi Arabia weapons to kill civilians in Yemen
Yes...?
No....?
This administration is toxic and dangerous to all of us. So much ignorance and hate. @realDonaldTrump  is dangerous to this country.
Maybe so, but a @HillaryClinton administration would have been even worse.
That attitude is part of the problem.
Delusional Democrats thinking she'd be better is a huge part of the prob. Voters r sick of both parties but still won't look @ othr options.
because we dont like the other candidate.  also people need to educate themselves before they vote.
I didn't like the 2 old party ppl either so I voted for sum1 else. They duped the country in2 believing they r the only options. They r not!
Rand Paul needs to go home and stay.
For the second time today.. PRAISE to you sir. Wouldn't a #PaulGabbard2020 be a wonderful unity ticket to help America heal?
Paul you finally said something worth tweeting about...carry on...

#SaudiArabia #Terrorist
Well done Sir.  A marked break from traditional amoral & bloodthirsty Republicans.
Thank you
Tsk tsk
Say what you will about Rand Paul, he's owning it here
Bertrand Russell - war doesn't determine who is right - only who is left.
Few good men like u,  but the majority of senators want to arm the radicals the people involved in 9/11, don't understand the politics here.

Why are there so many responses devoid of any solution? How about less parroting and more thinking.
No Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia!!!
Damn Republicans have no concern about human lives. @HouseFloor @SenateFloor
Thanks for ur efforts to stop the killing of the poor ppl of Yemen
Set the deal, you are a wimp
If only we had more courageous leaders like Rand Paul! A dignified leader with honor who defend our great constitution!!! Thanks Doctor Paul
Thank you @RandPaul for introducing reason to the unreasonable #goonerment #goonsquad wanting to destroy lives and #Liberty!!
Greatest senator in office!
...& #Syria-ns! #NEVERForgetSYRIA!!!
Today we will discuss an arms sale to Saudi Arabia that threatens the lives of millions of Yemenis... 
Great to see rand do what his dad did which was not prop up dictators.
Ben Sasse is part of the #DeepStateCabal  That's why he's on Intellegence committee.  End the #RiggedSystem 

#UNRIG
We don't have many allies in the Middle East! The Saudi's are one!
Egypt, Israel, Saudi Arabia, Qatar, United Arab Emirates, Bahrain, Jordan, Turkey ( actually in NATO) Iraq, lots of rebel groups in Syria...
Thank you.
Yemenis and Syrians
Refreshing to see congressional discussion of deals with foreign governments again!
Today we will discuss why we shot black protestors and why we nuke 2 cities full of civilians.
Rand is a man of principle and honor
The Yemeni's and their children are just cannon fodder. Just like us and our children. The elites get hard nipples from human suffering.
We who love liberty stand with you sir! No more ENTANGLEMENTS! Thank you Dr. Paul.
Thank you for consistently adhering to our core principles
Senator police donate to Yemen , please accept Yemen people to work in US!
Please do everything you can to kill this deal!!!!
Thanks Rand for all you do. You're a great American.
Help those people, the Rwanda of now.
How come there are never photos of starving adults? Seems odd. Is there still a huge parasitic outbreak affecting Yemeni children?
The children are affected with cholera, to a little child who's immune system is not as matured as an adult it attributes can be fatal
why does the amendment only cancel 500 million out of a 110 billion dollar arms deal with Saudi Arabia....seriously?
So, is this going to be another 4-8 years of Obama?
Please.
Too bad 90% of the political and media elite support endless global war
Those millions of Yemenis are all members of the islamic murder cult.  Give time they will all try to kill US.
They are Shia, the Saudis give U.S.weapons to al Qaida and isis which is worse?
If they don't get the from the U.S. They will get them from somewhere else, we are 20 Tril in debt, Stand by your Pres
So you will give billions of us taxpayer $ to the Saudis why?
OIL/WAR/CAR ADDICTION of all nations is a ruinous polluting CRIMINAL scourge: ISIS/US/UK/France/Russia/Iraq/SaudiArabia...
Stop the US sale and Russia or China will be happy to step in ....
Dont think so Saudi is an enemy of iran Russia's ally
GOP war pig mafia corporate oligarchs and fossil fuel #polluter mafia ruin America. #Boycott and #VOTE to expel GOP crooks.
Thanks Rand, I plan on voting for you in the future
Thank you @RandPaul 
End the wars! Don't fund the terrorist! This is a Sunni vs Shiite cultist battle
Thank you for voicing this
Not an issue for now!! Arm the Saudis - work on human rights a little later, but get ISIS NOW!!!
The imbeciles of twitter always come out! ISIS is Saudi! Who do you think funds them and arms them? Saudi! appalled at American ignorance
That was the way I seen it. Obama gave 150 billion to Iran to build there army's. TRUMP taking 150 million one gives money one makes it
Obama has already given billions to Saudi too
Yeah and Trump is tak8ng it back either we make money off of them or Russia nd China will period
#StandWithRand
Thank you for being the voice of reason on this. I was beginning to think there was nobody left.
How about arms sales to Americans that threatens the lives of Americans.
P.S. It's difficult to read subtext via twitter, so just to clarify: that was sarcasm. 
I'm glad you oppose this deal.
Drama King!! You lost!
Money in the bank Rand. If we don't sell them arms.. Russia, India and China will. Rather we get the sales than our foreign partners. #MAGA
I can barely imagine 11th century crusaders selling arms to their foes

If we don't sell them the arms won't Russia or China? It's bad, but at least we get their $$$...
But, Rand, why not sell weapons to the country who gave us 15/19 of the 9/11 hijackers?
Uncle Trump just doing it! Well the other uncles, Obama, Bush, Clinton did it too! Same s*** different names, and the real name is A.H.
You make too much sense. Sadly, nobody cares about common sense in Washington
Understand the weapons were defensive in nature. Is that assumption wrong?
Yes they give those weapons to al Qaida in yemen and isis in Syria in order for them to fight the Shia Syrian and Yemeni government
Give them hell! Don't sell weapons to our enemies!
