If jobs damage environment, shouldn't those jobs be replaced with jobs that *don't* damage the environment?
Depends, who gets to determine what is "damage".
If all the countries of the world agree, except for us and 2 others, we probably should think long and hard.
easy for them to agree on something that someone else will pay for.
Of course, we were contributing the most ($75billion) per year to the global warming slush fund. Why would anyone else not want in?
US is a rich world power, so we can definitely provide. But this admin is cutting programs that will harm us all. Why not cut BIG military??
The US govt is not rich. We are $20 trillion in debt.
I am all for big military cuts. I would like to see US budget cut by 50%. That would be a great start...
Coal is destructive to the environment. Thanks for selling out
Countries that have their electricity for the first time ever appreciate coal
And how is that bringing jobs back to America?
You've never heard of exporting?
Exporting to those countries that have just acquired electricity. I don't see your point
Do you actually know the stats of coal workers in America?
I dont see your point. I know that owing $100 bil annually to countries without plans to reduce emissions is an international scam to the US
Thank You
I used to respect you… Now it looks as though you're just another kiss ass
Then support the accord. It does both
Party over country, huh? What would he need to do to put country over party? Adopt the left's agenda?  #MAGA
So, to have integrity, he'd need to agree with the left's agenda, but not Trump's?  And who in the world said Trump was a conservative?
Even if man were 100% responsible statist policies are still a bad idea.
Fake News!
I guess that two sided mouth is a pollution mutation
The ability to enjoy fresh food from Harris' " Frigidaire" poked a hole in the ozone. How are the scales tipped for human life?
Shoulda heard them bitch when they took away their freon. Food's still fresh. BTW CEO of GE says leaving Paris is a huge mistake
GE?!!! GE is part of the swamp!
Hey you haven't done either
@IntelligentDad Pretending this Trump move sacrifices the environment for... what? Coal jobs? Ridiculous as your libertarianism
It's Bad math science... Proven hoax as my PhD High Energy Physics man... they Conned Everyone! DOE paid scientists to cake False Claims! 

I actually thought you were a good guy, but you are not! You should be ashamed of yourself.
#StandWithRand
The hypocrite test for any pushing climate legislation is whether they have been long time advocates of industrial hemp.
YES RAND
Can we all please buy this man a drink...of kambucha, or lemonade, or something else healthy?
The #IInspectorGeneral and an army of #ForensicAuditors need to follow money illicitly diverted under cover of the ongoing #ClimateScam.
I'll believe it when I see it
thank you, now can we focus on repealing #Obozocare
you are weird ... you think to keep the reality of jobs the same and let the reality of climate change..?
smarter notion's to let jobs change & keep climate the same. you lead innovation or you follow innovation; this will have you all following.
That just don't make sense in the present climate Paul.  Are you saying give my tax dollars to other nations?
Well said, friend
bless your heart you dont want to hurt your RICH SUPPORTERS
doing both sounds great  for some reason I'm just a little sceptical
I think you will campaign on the job aspect #ParisAgreement
It's interesting that one of your top 5 $ contributors is Murray Energy. The largest coal mining company in the world
can I get a thumbs down Isn't that what politicians routinely do compromise/negotiate/trade one thing for another #ParisAgreement
Ahem with a straight face I invludebrnvironment. U r skirting and lying about this. Will not protect their jobs nor environment
I agree with Rand
But how much money did you get from the big oil companies Maybe you have a conflict here
This deal was negotiated by the US. but it was never a ratified treaty. We might want to follow our system of laws on these treaties.
Have you ever stood with the environment? I highly doubt it.
You should consider stating your agreement with the exit from the Paris Agreement without kissing Trump's sorry butt. Just saying.
Look forward to going to jail for being apart of the most corrupt and self serving administration in U.S. History. JAIL
I am with you!
Really starting to like you Senator...have you considered moving to Virginia and replace our 2 geniuses Senators?
Please help to change the narrative here. It's like living in the Twilight Zone!
Forgot to add: MY. JOB.???
Dude, I'm laughing out loud
Really with trump I see none of that at all
Correct. It is never all or none; balance. We can co-exist.
A lot of double talk.  We all know where the new jobs are!
No you will continue to line your pockets with funds from big oil and coal while we all choke to death
Agree but withdrawing makes that harder and lines up opposition not previously there
We can do this far better ourselves than with a bunch of leeches!
We should follow India and go all electric cars by 2030.  Lead, don't make oil companies rich.  You show your true colors with this tweet.:(
Oregon is trying to save the environment and jobs. Now we need to keep our tax dollars here in the U.S. Let big business pay for the world.
Time for you to replace Ryan.
YES, PLEASE Sen. Rand Paul!! We love hearing your voice!!!
I look forward to your support of greater use of solar and wind power which provide better future job prospects than coal.
We can't afford to pay other countries not to pollute. Trump said he was going to eliminate bad deals.
Here is what I don't understand Sen. Paul. There are all sorts of Jobs and work to be done , seeking better ways to do things one of many
Thank you, Rand, for leading. I admire your style. #futurepresident
There are more jobs in clean energy than coal and oil. And the environment benefits. Lies, lies, lies!
Thank you Rand!
i look forward to our descendants not having jobs because they can't work if they can't live on earth
PLS Continue your support. Vote AGAINST the Trumped-up Healthcare Bill. It's too expensive, adds to the deficit, poor med coverage, etc !!!
Do you REALLY think we're working to protect the environment? Really?
Never saw you support one environmental regulation. Ever. Period.
The #ParisAccord was the way to have jobs & environment. Trying to save coal only gives the advantage to the Chinese on the #FutureOfEnergy
but you just sacrificed the environment?
You have to start before you can continue
We know for sure that you don't wan to sacrifice the money you get from the O&G and coal industries for the future of the planet.
then move to Syria or Nicaragua
Everyone should support jobs and the environment....now get some laws passed!!!
No you don't, quit lying. 
Butt wipe for Trump
good thought Rand. Now it's time to go back to work
You will continue to do nothing, like always.
You lie
So what's the plan for this details please!
Just how does this protect our environment?
Hi Senator Paul  the President needs you and hope you are trying to guide him
I look forward of ridding America of dead weight in 18 & 20 of all those who don't work with @POTUS
You are a foolish man.
All for jobs and the earth provided creation of both are guided by moral principles. Sometimes the right thing requires sacrifice.
Hope u will back our POTUS on our American Agenda!
Trying to figure out where your going with this?? Tell me honestly you didn't feel good about pulling out of PCA. I believe it falls in line
With the ideology of the supporters of your father that started the tea party. This is good in my eyes. Success against globalist daily.
Your a good man Senator paul. Thank you for fighting for what should be common sense. Not looking to earn a favor or a buck. I salute You!
Your fired
Keep up the good work, Sir.  Continue holding their feet to the fire both Rs and Ds
#liar what happened to you?
Ok. Name ONE policy you have supported that does both, or any policy at all that helps he environment
Good luck with that. You Kentucky coal is flooding the Mississippi causing massive floods.
This was a scam to grab money from the US.
If this was so important, why were India and China the worst polluters in the world not required to do anything for another 13 years?
Boom.
The environment is more important. We have to live here. What's the point of jobs if the air is unbreathable?
The people want what Trump is doing!
No they don't.  Over 2 million of them don't.
The US can still be good stewards of environment w/out a wealth distribution binding treaty paid for by US tax $ to the rest of globe
We need to save coal and natural gas for feed stocks for industrial processes. #Thorium should power the country.
You're way off on this one.
Right, like the Thorium breeder reactor. I hope.
Protect KY jobs at the Expense of Pittsburgh jobs.  Mayor says 2,000 jobs may be lost
Bravo sir!
Republicans have gone brainless to support 45
How bout protecting health care.  Mine & husbands meds when up 100 to 500  percent.  And we pay out of pocket for it
@realDonaldTrump @potus is going to allow companies to pollute water ways, air, land by reversing laws to protect them
Thank you Senator Paul!!
Please let me know at the end of the year how many coal mining jobs were saved by this policy. Keep supporting your POTUS. #BiPolarPOTUS
How is allowing China, Europe and others best us in the energy systems of the future protecting our jobs? Coal is the past. Wake up!
How much are you being paid
Rich men don't float
Balance, you can't walk forward without it!
Thank you, Senator!
You do realise that clean energy employs far more than coal, right?
And that's the way its done... 
You can't do both. One matters for humanity, one matters for your job. We know how your choice was made.
You have turn coated Rand..... smh... what's new....
Don't worry about it, Rand. #ParisAgreement to reduce CO2 would do NOTHING to protect the environment anyways- what a scam! #climatehoax
Now get on board w/ the wall & stopping illegal immigration, Rand & I MIGHT like u again.
you cannot have jobs on a dead earth.  You are being incredibly short sighted.
Don't worry @RandPaul. When @TheDemocrats take the majority we will pass such policies. That's what we do. We govern. We get results.
I'll look forward to your support on those bills, Senator @RandPaul
Policies that will project our environment - by pulling out of the Paris Accords? Good God.
So let's sacrifice one to protect both. 
Please Senator u don't give a damn about the environment just admit it
Build bridge before breaking blindly because be better broth....
I wish Trump would have said something like: "I will continue to support the initiatives to be more enviromentally friendly and clean"
protecting jobs and the environment aren't mutually exclusive. clean coal is super dirty
Thank you for being a true patriot.
Really?  Is that why you've sat silent as Trump has rolled back environmental protections in the name of corporate profits?
Thank you, Senator Paul!
This HURTS jobs. Just saw Paul's "defense", he was wrong on so many points it was stupefying.
Time to push American Energy independence!
I hope you mean that sir.
Read the rest of your tweets. Clear you don't mean that at all.
broken record
And that's why nobody voted you.
Clean energy jobs are still jobs.
Meaning....??
We are so happy DEPLORABLES are dancing in the streets over this
Your statement is highly illogical. Coal is non-renewable, thus an unsustainable industry - collapse of related job market is inevitable.
It must be America First!
Good now pass health care
Name one clean coal plant? Why don't you live right next to coal mines? If so clean you should get rid of black lung benefits
Please define in concrete terms how a nonbinding virtually GLOBALLY ACCEPTED accord kills American jobs.
That ISN'T a fact of a modernizing infrastructure. Environmental regs didn't kill COAL, evolution of industry did.
When KY looks like AZ maybe you will repent...but I doubt you possess that sort of humility
That is a false premise.
Sadly, people just don't understand how non-environmental the Paris agreement actually is.. Thank you Senator.. Stay the course..
The plants thank you for the extra plant food.
We will be watching .
We have just sacrificed our children's future for nothing. There is no reason to not be part of the Paris accord.
Support our President ! We are watching!
You should be ashamed!
Bullshit
vostok ice core samples....  research it before you you drink the kool aid.
Going green is going towards the future. Relying on coal and non green jobs will guarantee those states will be left behind in the future
Right.
Why don't you cut your lies and just tell the truth for once.
Who cares about the environment?  So unnecessary
You fool.
You support no policies that protect the environment. Your a corporate sellout
Except this is sacrificing our environment
Ya instead let's just sacrifice our standing in the world and show our allies that we're unreliable.
Amen!
#MAGA
#ParisAgreement is Done.
Way to lead Senator
Well said.
Want to do that. Promote renewable energies! #DeathtoCoal
@Arbys employs more people than #coal . This is all so your corporate masters can rape the environment
You'll support whatever @realdonaldtrump tells you to support.
Envoronment coms before anything else.

Period
"Clean Coal", how idiotic are people who think this is a thing?. IT'S AN OXYMORON. Let the free economy decide, don't pour money into fossil
@RandPaul would rather give CPR to a pronounced dead coal industry than save the dying earth.
Thank you!
When you see policies that "protect" both, please let us know, because exiting the #parisclimateagreement doesn't protect either!
You want me vote as a person in your district then you put America first and quit fighting the president
You're on the wrong side of history supporting this.  The rest of the world is laughing at us and moving forwards. Sad...
Then you should be fighting for the Paris agreement! Withdrawing costs us jobs and jeopardizes our children's futures! SHAME!
I look forward to a day when politicians aren't selling out our future for corporate interests. Ahem.
These people who are on here slamming you and POTUS are NEVER going to support anything you do so DONT PAY ANY ATTENTION TO THEM
Please say it Rand , you support out @POTUS today was a great day for all #Americans
Apprently you like to screw over both
