Trump wants tax cuts for the rich,no health care for the poor, and wants to leave us with NO ALLIES in the free world! Impeach already!
U so funny. That's all bs and lies. How did u say that w/o ur head exploding?
Learn how to speak English, Vladerina, then maybe we can talk.


Yes, for nearly a damn year and not ONE shred of evidence yet. lol hold ur breath
Trump's buddy...
U can't tell what he's looking at. He is leaned in like he's listening. U have lost it.
Hold this freaking administration accountable you hypocrite!
He doesn't care about American taxpayers! This is a joke, right?
Show us how they haven't paid Rand?

The agreement has until 2024 nice graph zero homework why don't you all just Google it! Maybe Rand could have shown that info to all you.
They've been part of NATO for years why should they be give. Until 2024 to figure it out how to meet their obligations? Leave NATO now!
At a summit in 2014, NATO reiterated its commitment to the 2% target. Members that fell short promised to meet their obligations by 2024.
What part of by 2024 is confusing to you?  Some countries are struggling economically and can't afford to spend 2% of their GDP on military.
They have been in NATO for many years and haven't paid up their fair share even during prosperous times what part don't you understand?
But it’s OK to subsidizing US oil and gas companies?
Just like the dairy industry, farm industry, welfare, illegals, etc. what's your point? U think it's America's responsibility 2 pay 4 them?
Yeah poor people needing food and oil companies getting tax breaks on billions in profit #samething
Did you ever think maybe if the gov't wasn't wasting our money we would have more for charity?  That's what charities R 4. I give when I can
If you make 50k a year you give $5000 in corporate welfare and $40 a year in SNAP programs. And you are mad at the $40 and not the 5k?
Work for you
We don't agree on everything Senator but on this we are a unified front.
Great comment Rand
Do you applaud this treatment of our allies?
Did Trump just shove another NATO leader to be in the front of the group? 
I did not notice any frowns when I  watched closely. Out of context, we don't know if camaraderie or bully. We aren't there.
That pile of excuses for Trump's actions is getting pretty big. But hey at least he's not a Muslim terrorist, right?
He could convert to Islam tomorrow and start hanging out with ISIS leaders, and these Trumpkins would still defend him. It's a cult.
no, it's because the truth has been revealed by God!  Good vs Evil
I agree 100% #POTUS Said this on the campaign trail. #AmericaFirst
lost respect for you rand
Ok. But you need to be careful with putting pressure to Europe, they're close to take their own way. And this would be bad news for US.
Guys. Do not vote for republicans. Ever
@WeSupport45 @realDonaldTrump thank you Senator Paul for acknowledging what the President has done. Others need to do the same
Does anyone here actually think Rand Paul is for anyone getting subsides? He's a Libertarian everyone!!!
Can you give Scotland back 2% of it's GDP spend.According to  Westminster figures we spend 4% of GDP on defence.Can we get a refund? 
There's a time and place and this guy doesn't have a clue. The Leader of the Free World is Merkel. Trump is an embarrassment!
Yes Americans are tired of all the money given to NATO and for what? Look at that building what was that for? Really was it necessary
NATO pays their share. Putin wants NATO, EU down 4 him; China global; Excellent job, Comrade tRump!
Pardon me, Comrade Paul, McCain identified u as u support Putin in Montenegro.Sorry, Red; Montenegro in with NATO
Nor should the US be building that multi billion dollar NATO headquarters.  @realDonaldTrump @VP
We Shouldn't Be Subsidizing You Or The Smug Orange Blob Either.  #RESIST #NATOSummit
YES!
Cant wait to see u war mongers voted out
Perhaps the US should be spending less money on defence?
1/3 If you don't see what's wrong with this picture, it says a lot about you. It's not about Trump asking other members to pay their fair...
Now it's time to hold our own "leaders" accountable.
We shouldn't have career politicians.
http://ConventionOfStates.com 
Picking up steam!
Force DC to return power to the citizens before they totally destroy US! Term Limits good start
And pull them out of the way to get a front position for a photo op. Yep, great leadership. 
You obviously don't understand how NATO works.
It's also comical that a man who has filed bankruptcy countless times would lecture other countries on money management.
Please stop spreading falsehoods and issue a correction, Rand. You're better than this and you're better than Trump.
Finally, a businessman in the White House.
They're not just "other nations", Einstein. They are military and strategic allies. Learn the difference.
Yeah, too bad 99% of everything else deserves no applause.
@POTUS Yes, the nations not paying their fair share are turning NATO into a joke, and the joke's on the American taxpayers! #MAGA!
The terms were renegotiated. Everyone has until 2024 to meet the 2% goal. Currently ahead of schedule. Speech unnecessary.
Not what I heard or read, but thanks for the input. Have a great day!
You too! If you want, I could send you some links. It just giggle the figures I mentioned. 
It is time to use our wealth to take care of things Americans need, perhaps to put our national grid underground to make it less vulnerable?
Silly
Thank you @RandPaul!

And saying it to their faces.
He's the most courageous President in my lifetime.

And you're a stand-up guy Senator.
Yes, the 5 time draft dodger is very courageous.
Bill Clinton, Joe Biden, Bernie Sanders. Any serve ?
Whataboutism doesn't change any of the truth about this man. He is not in any way courageous.
And you are Bex? Try running for a political office. Leading a group of people, city, state, country.
He is an ego driven narcissist and has no business trying to lead a group of people, city, state, country.
You clearly must be talking about Obama.   Osama Obama.   Talk about ego!
@mibars @realDonaldTrump they didn't like him calling them out but I sure the hell did as a USA taxpayer
Crazy how the guy who doesn't pay taxes and whose filed bankruptcy multiple times put em in their place!
And that's why you lost the primary, trump is not and never will be in charge of NATO, but he'll have a lot to think about in prison
And the United Nations is costing taxpayers a lot of money.
And they do nothing, what a waste of money. Should move them to another country.
plan A: The Rinos will turn their backs on Trump, but after his honesty, the whole world is watching!
Hey @RandPaul Does this mean that my state doesn't have to subsidize yours any more?
Says tje giy from California whose state has so much unfunded liabilities its teetering, child please
I'm not from California so F off. My state is doing very well, thank you.
my bad, was fooled for a minute.From the sound of you, I thought you were one of those left coast wussies named Kaitlyn that tucks his stuff
He comments were at the wrong place and wrong time. He is alienating our allies.
San Francisco in your handle = dis-qualified
@talk_nyc @realDonaldTrump  Another Republican loser!! When's your seat up @RandPaul DISGRACE all Republicans! SHARE!
Now get behind his health care bill and get it passed!
Yes! Let's hurry up and take health insurance from 24 million people! 
A completely made up number.  How can you "take" it from 24 mil. when only half that number have signed up?  New math?
Sorry, looks like they said 23 million. Not 24.
If you like to argue try to stay on topic it helps. If you just spout information about other issues you lose the argument
In the public manner he did?
Thank you, Senator Paul! Totally agree.
The deal is 2% by 2024 and they're currently ahead of schedule. There are no issues with "not paying their fair share."
Except we're not footing the bill. Lol
Now if the time comes and someone hasn't got their shit figured out, I definitely think their membership should come into question.
Ur being shadow banned. I had to come to ur orig tweet to RT. Man, they are out to get you.
What is shadow banned?
Very classy response.
Seriously. I'm curious. There are thousands of you newbees. I smell a stinking subversive a$$hole names BHO HRC or Soros.
NATO is a military alliance. Everyone decides how much they contribute and no one owes anyone anything.
Not the speech to bring it up. It was a dedication. DJT is unqualified and has no ability to be diplomatic.
And his speech writers should also know better, bunch of incompetents
The people of Kentucky need to start paying their fair share too.  What are you doing to help them get out of poverty?  Concentrate on them
u can find a job in ky. if you want one, ppl are use to government taking care of them. they need to stand on their own.not depend on others
If they R going 2 openly laugh at DJT & not give 2%, let them defend themselves. WTH. What the heck is Obama doing there? #ShadowGovernment
Can you tell us when we're going to hold the rich & elite accountable & start making them pay their fair share also??!         ...hypocrite
Taxation is theft.
Move to another planet then if you don't like living in a civilized world. We like having paved roads, drugs tested, food inspected, pubEdu
Let me me more specific. A tax on a person's earnings is theft. The income tax should be abolished. By definition, it's theft.
I applaud @RandPaul for being unashamed to publicly admit he doesn't understand how NATO works, either. 
Yes, do tell. ;)
You, so-called POTUS, Sen. Paul and I have access to the same internet. Some (not I) are too lazy, stubborn, stupid, &/or cocky to learn. 
Hint: I don't need the internet. Richest NATO country outside US only spends 1.2% GDP on defense budget.
Totally agree. It's an outrage that the US has been subsidizing other wealthy nations.
IF THESE NATIONS DON'T KICK IN, KICK THEM OUT. WE ARE NOT GOING TO STAND FOR THIS ANY LONGER. PAY OR NO SAY
Nations have done nothing wrong. They have until 2024 to reach 2% and are currently ahead of schedule. He got uneducated ppl worked up.
Amen! Who will they call if attacked? USA of course Why should we care more about their own security then they do!?
Should really know more about NATO before commenting. Deal is 2% by 2024 and they're ahead of schedule...
About time HONESTY hit the WH! Called out to bring a REALITY CHECK to Obligations to NATO POLITICIANS! #MAGA
Their obligation is to meet 2% by 2024. They're ahead of schedule. Don't let trump get you worked up, look up the facts.
Where does all the money we give to NATO go?  $660 billion for what?
For their defense... so other governments can focus their money on providing their citizens with free healthcare & social services  #ENDNATO
Oh for the love of God. It's not a fckn club membership. We don't give other allies $. The agreement is to spend 2% GDP on defense by 2024.
Oh for the love of God, but it is. A nation has to meet agreements / requirements when they are considered to join NATO. 2% defense was 1
The countries of NATO were failing to meet the 2% agrreed on defense spending so decades.  IN 2014, Obama got them to agree to up their game
I'm very proud
Bless your heart, honey. Y'all need to take the same remedial history/poli sci  courses, it seems.
Good tweet. I'm positive you're significantly smarter than a Duke Med grad Senator and a Wharton grad President. Keep up the excellent work.
Thanks!
Pay or pull our support!! Arrogant NATO leaders!
Why?
So defending your allies and knowing they do the same, that means nothing?
But you are part of congress and voted on budgets??? Who are you blaming? Or am I missing something?
I wish @SpeakerRyan had the same stance when it came to subsidizing illegal aliens
We shouldn't be subsidizing #IllegalAliens and muslim refugees either!
Bullshit ! We're just fighting for Zionists to control the world and you know it .
Then stand by him !! MAGA!! Fight the media!
At a 9/11 Memorial? #Brussels
Correct.  We need to cut our mo eye to 2%
Except Israel. @netanyahu is a welfare queen. @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump
@CNN be sure to mention in your fake news tonight.
Please get justice for the American people that was spied on since 2011 thank you
Yeeesss
will your buddies at FAKE CNN report this good news ?? not a chance .
Really the fair share of other nations would be the share of GDP.  That would be a fair starting point don't you think boys?
If you listen to the mainstream media, they are all up in arms about it. And yet they still want free stuff and a balanced budget. Idiots!
I agree. Finally we have someone who isn't afraid what others won't say or only whisper. 
Tell it to the dems!! Thank you Senator for your voice
Have you seen the new Circa report about FBI sharing warrantless data with private citizens?
Surly True, But Trump was acting the dick. A mannerless, petulant child. He has no business being president. Trump "You're Fired"!
Something you and I can finally agree on! America 1st and everybody else last!
You might add the UN as well Senator.
NATO they do nothing for the people this is supposed a mutual protection ,we need  our money now
@rubylu18 @realDonaldTrump anyone who thinks we should helps me understand why those #NigerianPrince scams work
Standing in the ,palatial building that once again,our taxpayer were pressed into service to pay;taxation without representation"like Iran.
Absolutely
Who paid for the "beautiful new building"??
Yes. Finally!
Hear hear!
Worked 45 years paying my fair share apparently plus some. I am so proud of voting for the nations Greatest President. Rand I applaud with U
Do you hold Trump responsible for anything?
Please, this from a President that proudly states how smart he is to know how NOT to pay taxes?
Trump continues to make Russia Great Again! Russia invades a country and still nothing negative to say about Russia
Should you hold him accountable for his fair share here in U.S which we can find out thru this tax returns .
Sen.Paul: in spite of your filibuster of a couple years ago, it appears Obama had no intention of abiding by 4th Amendment. Spying s'pected
It's about time you applaud our prez. Bravo good man.
the USA needs to brexit NATO.
Why don't you support the president's agenda? Don't obstruct like McCain, Graham and Rubio because your butt hurt over the primaries.
I guess he owes you another round of golf now huh?
Absolutely
How about supporting POTUS then. Stop partisan nonsense.
Amen!
Oh really? Start taking your fucking share of refugees then. 
It's about time we had a president who is not shy about speaking the truth
Tired of seeing my tax dollars going to some other country than doing good here in our own.
How does the us subsidize other nations?
it's so freaking obvious that it's astonishing that you even have to speak those words. of course we shouldn't subsidize other nations.
Senator Paul I am liking you more and more!
@mschlapp @realDonaldTrump 
Thank you for supporting our Potus's strong leadership at NATO, and the American taxpayers.
Amen! Especially since they are nothing but elitist a**holes milking the system while their citizens are not being protected from terrorism!
Yes! FINALLY saying TRUTH to an archaic, resource-sucking institution which feeds off of itself. #suicidalEurope doesn't need our money.
We subside you and the rest of robbers. How can you with a conscoence take something that your not willingly to give to every American
sounds fake but ok
45 MAGA!
Bye Felicia!
Amazing POTUS he embarrassed them , as they should be.
Please stop giving money to ALL foreign nations. #TakeCareOfHomeFirst
UNSEAL OBAMA'S RECORDS
No more beating around the bush! Thx Mr. President, for speaking up and telling it like it is!
You're like a friggin yo yo......How about supporting our President with his agenda.  If you have an issue, call him.  He'll take your call.
Good one
Another promise he's kept. You politicians can learn a thing or two from @POTUS
Thank you @RandPaul please give us a list of our Congress that do not support our PRESIDENT @POTUS !
Amen
Thank you for your support! We need a united front against these tyrannical jack boots on the left!
Other Nations who aren't paying need to know USA will not come to their assistance unless they pay their fair share! Ignored USA too long!
Imagine how much safer Europe would be if they funded NATO instead of mass refugees!  Just sayin...
Yes, yes....That's right outta the Bible, isn't it? "Thou shalt not subsidize other nations" 
Nobody is forcing you to spend as much as you are spending.
And u should be speaking out more for @realDonaldTrump  !
Right and us taxpayers shouldn't be paying for other Countries citizens! How is that even legal?
#AmericanShame #PutinStooges
Don't you have a healthcare bill to be working on that isn't killing us? Elected officials like you are why this country is in turmoil now.
We all must be very grateful President Trump is our president.    Do give him a Chance.
we're protecting us interests with our funding of nato u moron
Good so we can count on you to work to STOP the insane $38 BILLION to isLIErael, the real terror country!
Let's cut our contribution to 2%! We need to draw a line somewhere. I get it's important but they are taking advantage.
Shouldn't the Persian Gulf states have at least a decent navy to keep the Red Sea and Gulf cleared of pirates?
When does the rest of the country get to stop subsidizing Kentucky?
Now you're talking
Nice to see some of the questionables fall in line finally.
Really?Majority of Americans feel we taxpayers are paying far too much for the work we get out of Senators! You are on notice!2018 & 2020
Not sure what's worse: this absolete alliance that only benefit military industry or the gutless media not challenging this idiocy?
1/Senator, the one time NATO treaty was invoked was after 9/11. When every NATO country came to the aid of the US. We lost soldiers along...
2/side of the US in Afghanistan. You are spitting on our soldiers graves everytime you repeat that insulting line. You know how NATO works.
3/you know we don't owe you money, you have no excuse for your ignorance so stop insulting our dead soldiers.
liberalism is a mental disorder...
We should just pull out.
I just read 50 tweets from @congressdotgov and Yours is the ONLY one I will retweet! Most are #BS #Propaganda !!!
Agree! We shouldn't be footing the bill for other nations! We have a HUGE near-$20Tril. debt that needs 2b reduced,no thanks to fraud Obama!
By the way please address him as @POTUS Trump.
Yeah, like Obummer did for Iran.  TRUMP, GOP, GET TOGETHER, SAVE AMERICA.

I agree Senator Paul!
How come subsidizing Isreal is ok but everything else isn't?
Who can argue, but you assclowns have done nothing but wedge issues. Where's the report on how much they pay?  Do us a favor, do your Job!
I love MY President!  We couldn't have ever asked for anyone better suited for this job he has undertaken.  Thank you President Trump!
and let's insult our allies and pal around with russia! you applaud this garbage?
They have until 2024 to meet the 2% goal and they're currently ahead of schedule. Stop lying to people!!
Indeed
We are not.  You should actually know that.  We also shouldnt be subsidizing the rich and corporations. You should also know that
They do, and if they don't, we should withdrawal from NATO. They are not living up to their side of the bargain. Why should we?
you are insane
I applaud you @RandPaul.
I admire your fairness with our president, thank you
Wow, no class.
