single payer?  Go for it !!!!
As long as you are paying Andrew!!
I sure will and so will everyone else just like we do with Medicaid/Medicare!
But not everyone pays taxes. Imagine how much tax we'd have to pay for EVERYONE's insurance.
the ppl that don't pay or pay very little taxes are the Medicaid/Medicare recipients
I know 120 M people. You want to pay more taxes so the remaining 200 Million have insurance?
works fine in every other western democracy.  They have greater lifespans than us.
Lifespan statement untrue (Denmark). For the countries that work it's about more than insurance

Only missing cost of pharmaceuticals/med devices. Gov must negotiate prices, now illegal
Reintroduce true competition in the insurance marketplace instead.
Oh I liked that part of the Rep plan
republicans very dysfunctional, will be shocked if they ever do anything to terrible Obama care!
Disappointed, but happy to see they are not operating like the Borg.  We want a great plan
cat, you want a great plan, move overseas
I'm good, thanks. You're 18 hrs late to the convo, so maybe you need to move on.
I don't spend 24 hours on Twitter like some
Stop this nastiness now! Work w Democrats to strengthen ACA instead of tearing it down. Voters say no to you
Well no Disgruntled.  Everyone in Congress is there because the voters said yes to them.
There'a always room for compromise. Life's too short!
I like how you think Mary Lee!
Thanks!
I think we have to be United with the current proposal it's a step in the right direction
the important thing is getting it past we can always work on it and improve it later let's not be stupid
it will never get passed now. You couldn't come together now you won't then
@Lyn1350 @ericbolling @FoxNews BS, no single payer!  Pay for your own health ins.! Next you'll want us to pay for your car ins.
why should I pay for your social security when I won't get it when I turn 65 in 38 years
I've paid into SS for the last 40 years, go after politicians that stole it!
so because you paid into it, I have to pay yours, yet I don't get any because the republicans you vote for will take it away.
repeal Obamacare before you move on or everything will fail.Remember Trump was a democrat up until 4 yrs ago
thanks for Obama care Grand.
You will not repeal the ACA. You don't want to lose your "issue". You set out to defeat the repeal.
your either ignorant, or a liar.

Your problem is that you think healthcare can be a profitable business.. Which implies treatments over cure
$4 a day to keep EVERYONE insured & you choose a big tax cut for 1% (the wealthy) of Americans?
...and replace with something better or no dice senator.
oh how you make me chuckle and, at time, laugh out loud Randy.
please expose hedge funds illegal naked shorting $NWBO DCVAX and other cancer breakthroughs.    @SEC_News is a joke
just make sure the next bill is written by Senators and not lobbyist. Remove the Congressional expemtations
My yr end statement says my employer paid 12,000 for my pathetic High Ded Plan. I paid 6000
Never been used
Ryan must go. By refusing to work with you and the conservatives, it was doomed to fail. Negotiations a must
Senator McCain said that you are working with the Russians! WHY??????
Paul Ryan must go! He's betrayed conservatives long enough  #ResignRyan
you realize absolutely no one else wanted the Speaker's job and the Caucus begged him to take it, right?
First get rid of the treasonous bastard in the White House!
Senator Paul you sure helped stifle the momentum a lot of people voted for!
Introduce a suitable replacement before focusing on repeal.
ACA ; a trap for Americans set by Dems. Must be solved with Pragmatism not Ideology Too Strict Values may prevent results.! Adapt to evolve.
but all the Republicans want to do is put money in the insurance companies and screw the working people over
if the Republican Party had any brains they would just change a few things in the Obamacare
you just want to repeal Obamacare because he came up with it and he was black and the Republican racist
redistribute the wealth,socialism,communist.this belongs to democrats.
lies. How do u plan to push your idea through. More talk with no chance
@RandPaul @tedcruz Thank you for not passing Obamacare 2.0! Let Obamacare slowly die so all naive liberals can see that it's garbage! #MAGA
Repeal without replacement is political suicide - the House fanatics have harmed their president and party.
not
whats you mid term election message "we will repeal & replace obamacare" ? Oh wait.....
you better concentrate on how to create healthcare for all.
go home and think a while .. Maybe you will get smart and think about others
oh go home and talk to real people for a change and tell truths not lies..
good idea! Let's start with eliminating congressional healthcare coverage!
BS
You own the future of the future of @GOP majorities now. You campaigned for the defeat. Better step up and change the outcome.
, but what is the viable plan to replace it?
thank you! We are with you
. You shhouldnhave been working on this year's ago. I'm a Kentucky republican.
free market and out of the box thinking will fix the healthcare system, not the Government controlling it
No you won't.  You say you will but then find something wrong with the alternative.Quit talking like you are actually going to do something.
Senator, you need to ask for a one on one meeting with the @POTUS and explain this. @SpeakerRyan is the fox
Repeal now
Never give up @POTUS
Fake news amay erode our majorities
 Pass the ball to Rand & KEEP TRYING
How do we wean off Obama Care when people can't get jobs? Too many educated people are unemployed!
@Hippyhappyness7 @ericbolling @FoxNews if we had president Ron Paul. Funk the media for what they did to him
@Hippyhappyness7 @ericbolling @FoxNews always liked your dad and see a lot of you in him. Just think where our country would be
and if you have one smidgen of government control in your plan, we're gonna have a go!
seven years you should have had something ready to go.  Getting tired of politics
Eight years of voting for something the public wants?  Stop wasting your time and our money!  TAX REFORM NOW
Change regulations, remove mandates, full repeal, keep govt out of my healthcare.
Repeal ACA. Deal with high cost of litigation and malpractice insurance or health care costs will stay high.
Victory, Senator @RandPaul Now, replace.
love you, brother.  LibertyinmyLifetime
Spare us your empty rhetorics and promises. UniParty ‘controlled opposition‘ trickster. Now that we're left with Obamacare, killing jobs..
..your next step is OFCOURSE the Foreign Visa workers that replace American workers and leave them pauper.
PLEASE get this done right. You have an excellent plan. Get it out there! 
GOP has failed MISERABLY. I advise any conservative voter to pull out of GOP and became an Independent supporting President Trump.
Good interview and thank you Senator for all you are doing.  Wish there were many more like you.
.@RandPaul @ericbolling @FoxNews Senator Paul, you have earned the respect of the #American people.  Thank you for standing up for us!
It wasnt just him
Be Thankful to all those who stood up for the American People.  And didn't
I hope what happen today you have a better plan
how did you get on ?
lay out the plan and we shall follow. #gopcare
So egregiously missing the point here. I honestly fee bad for you if your aspirations are for real. #sad
You didn't have enough time? 8 years wasn't enough? You're a comedian. The bill, like Trump, was a dud.
FULL REPEAL.  Make many, many revisions to RINOcare bill and resubmit for vote.
did you not want repeal Obamacare

Full Repeal, or go home!
Dump Rand
you guys couldn't pour piss out of a goddamn boot
everyone else says you won't why should we believe you.
Ryan threw you under the bus, and made you scapegoats, he knew others would vote no, yet said it was close!
this is not cute or funny. You and Paul have had 7 years. You both are disappointing! Work together
Laughable! "Legislators can walk & chew gum at same time. Had 1 thing to do and couldn't. Do two? Ha!
THANKS for standing on principle despite pressure. Please continue - it's needed to take to down the swamp!
Join us in the reality-based universe whenever you're ready, senator.
Eric why do you have him on your show? My ears are CLOSED to him. He can't support Mr T I don't support him
so upset Rand did not support President. He (Rand) lost my vote.
can't repeal what you're too lazy and weak to replace.
you are a partisan, undermining hack. You have no answers, just negativity. #fixit #singlepayer
no u won't. You had a long time & u failed BC too busy criticizing instead of working for good #SaveACA
you must be a Dem
sad day for America, thaks to you
While #Ryan is Poutingabout his Brain salad AHA #fail. Randy shows Simple Simon Ideas to Real Affordable
why are you guys so stuck on repeal when the @HouseDemocrats and America wants to negotiate a fix to ACA.
you were only looking out for your self
you must be happy that Rep didn't pass health bill
...will I be without health coverage if congress repeals first? Is my coverage cancelled before replacement?
Please continue with your ideas and get coops and HSAsand other parts of repeal/replace implemented.
@realDonaldTrump Sen Rand Paul has a good plan, repeal and replace w/RandPauls plan
loved your suggestions with Eric Bolling tonight there's no substitute for common sense !!!
common sense is far too uncommon you never should of been locked out of negotiations no one should of.
walk & chew!! Continue fight for health reform!!! Obamacare must be gone soon!!!
The only plan Rand Paul will approve is his own...my plan, my plan, my plan...that's all you hear from him
you already blew it...screwed the middle class
Its time for Rand to take care of Obamacare.  America is ready.
You
Had
7
YEARS.
Here's a thought; try to work FOR Americans, not just your pockets!
@realDonaldTrump @nancypelosi Excellent interview and ideas, I hope President Trump listens and agrees.
@POTUS you all work together and get it done right!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP please tune in and listen. I know we have some bad blood but he's got good ideas
Busy now! Criminals in the @whitehouse!
@kellyannepolls @potus @vp @presssec @SpeakerRyan @DevinNunes #Bannon: "COME OUT WITH YOUR HANDS UP!" #PreviewOfComingAttractions 
.@RandPaul Accordibg to @JaySekulow this is a devastating defeat. Especially due to the timing etc. why can't YOUR plan be put up for vote?!
I question if you are behind our President. Big win for you, FC, and Democrats. Big loss for Republicans.
and a big win for the people. That bill was trash and one giant insurance bailout.
this should be interesting
great interview, your plan is what republicans n Dems need to listen to, will totally bring down cost
@Sammie_Snickers @ericbolling @FoxNews i want to hear united gop with one speaket - ryan. Not several wanna be gop speakers.
You mean the same Paul Ryan who said:  I Am Not Going to Defend Donald Trump—Not Now, Not in the Future’
You are my new "main man" Senator. Keep the faith and we will put You in the White House!
yawn
No Sir Senator...
still shaking my head. Ryan doesn't ask Dr Paul for any assistance on that nod to insurance co bill? Crazy
#TrumpTrain
I like you Rand but where was your Bill as a second choice to decide on. PUT UP OR SHUT UP.
Haven't you learned anything?  Repealing alone is not a good thing. Why r u  guys so evil to the poor??
Thanks Paul for fighting Rino care &  Obamacare must be repealed and replaced, working Americans need repeal
you and who else?  All by yourself?
@seanhannity only repeal the ball falls in GOP court..keep the falling Obamacare in DEMs court till having replacement!
Whats funny sir, almost no one gives a rats rear end about you or what you say
Go back pre-Obamacare and start there.  Tweak the free market!
Should happen just about the same time Social Security and food stamps get repealed.
Got everything and you guys can't do jack! It was a bad plan but not worth screw'n the presidents next 4 yrs
may your action be stymied and completely fail get a taste of no compromise u deserve it
go on msnbc and CNN and others celebrate ur victory while we watch it implode and we loose everything
All I learned was how you'll defeat the Trump agenda I voted for. So it's the Paul/FreedomCaucus agenda now?
still can't get anything done.
thank you! Thank you! Thank you! For your comments on increasing purchasing power of the people!
@RepMarkMeadows can you do it? time is NOW! give us clean repeal and right replace.
The train has left the station
These free market/no middleman healthcare ideas need to be spread far and wide.
Not possible. You have cemented Obamacare.
we need a full repeal of Obamacare and free market bill.
They've already acquired heath insurance under the current law but now after repeal it's non existent
Bring your plan forward; Let's make healthcare great again!!!   #MAGA #repealobamacare
i like it!!  WE WILL FULLY REPEAL!!!!  Tell 'em sir!!!  Good job!!  #MAGA
Now you're delusional. It's over buddy. Start working with Dems to fix current system.
As far as I can see...we're still stuck funding failing CrapOcare. 7 yrs of @GOP saying they could do it...and nothing.
What specifically does a person do the day after repeal if they need to go to their doctor (1/2)
done no more please
SET THE RECORD STRAIGHT SENATOR
not likely... if you had any momentum you just lost it.
Please just stop. Let it go.
you and the rest of the liars will do nothing..gave House, Senate, Pres..get zip!
take the lead get this done right please
I'm being forced to pay for the individual mandate for life, because of Rand Paul.
If people would just help each other, we could get the gov out of our pocket.
Rand Paul, has no real plan to repeal Obamacare. We're stuck with ObamaCare forever. #fakeconservative
Not gonna happen bro.  Look for new bill supported by Dems n moderate Repubs. U don't have full repeal votes
it's a shame Rand Paul and the " #freedomcaucus " decided to keep Obamacare and fund planned parenthood
you better hope it gets repealed or the nation will blame you for halting #AHCA !!!
like you did today?!
made me take my head out of the oven.
Darn Senator, get it done! "You can't always get what you want, you get what you need." 8 years = 0, 4 GOP.
watched it, you were great!
OK so now what u said 2 Bolling is ur going 2 repair Obozo care seriously! Traitor! What was in it for you!
You are a loser. What happened? Sad!
I think we may need @RandPaul leading our house! Put it on the table.. talk it over & get it done!
Good god! Could you just give it up & do your damn job!? You're pathetic.
- Single payor! It works for all developed countries!  It works for Medicare!
#standwithrand
, we're counting on you Rand, God gave you the wisdom to do this.
Too late Senator! You & your squad messed it all up today! #angryamerican #RepealAndReplace
I agree with everything you said. We must keep moving forward!! Repeal & Replace. Please Sen. Paul.

You were great...Keep it up!!
Oh get over it Rand....it's dead!
Senator, just heard you on Fox. You had some great ideas, I should have been listening before.
I THINK WE SHOULD FIRE ALL 535 MEMBERS OF CONGRESS -- SENT THEM TO DO THE JOB AND THEY CAN'T GET IT DONE
you guys won't do Jack, just like the last 8 yrs.
Please keep working to come up with the best health care plan possible. Don't leave us with Obamacare.
Can’t believe u think u are going to get a vote now??? Run to MSNBC and complain no one is listening to you.
just watched and please walk & chew gum, Get both done. #MAGA
Great ideas tonight on the Factor.  Keep pushing.
@realDonaldTrump why not just start by eliminating state lines and intro coops/buying groups -do it now
ok I listened- so please get ur colleagues and DO IT! #RepealAndReplace #taxreform
#FullRepeal NO Replace!!! Keep Fighting PLEASE To KILL #Obamacare #BoycottObamacare #Obamacare NO #RhinoCare!!! 
Moving forward work with dems to find what works for all Americans. Not ins. co.
if the dems will work with repubs.
