None of these politicians have the answer to our wars least of all those who want power
Senator @RandPaul, you are a true patriot, and 1 of the only 2 Congressmen (@TGowdySC) I trust and respect.
Cost of National Security: Counting How Much the U.S. Spends Per Hour https://www.nationalpriorities.org/cost-of/  via @natpriorities
Grandstanding
Although a Democrat, I support you here. You might also look at the wasteful and bloated Pentagon budget.
At least there are people like Rand in Wash. that have more than one brain cell!

To put it in the vernacular of the masses: Rand Rules
We should probably just abandon Afghanistan so in 6 months we'll get ISIS 2.0 & have to go back in when it collapses. Paul is worthless.
AMERICANS don't deserve Rand Paul someone who knows what he is talking about and can't get any traction keep voting Republican and Democrat

Rand Paul talks tough but if he were president he wouldn't...this is all for show and tell kids.
Thankyou @RandPaul  for taking a stand,  endless wars,  endless debt, endless tax,  enslavement to the war machine.
HooRay!!
9/11 was 16 years ago. Middle East won't be fixed in 16 more. I dropped my 3y/o at daycare and was struck that these kids may fight in Iraq.
Thank you!

Thank you Sir
I for one am sick of the military industrial complex running the country. Let's take our country back!
Thank you!
Thanks Rand, but probably won't pass. The economy, defense companies, etc. depend on wars to prosper. Contractors lobby heavily.
Thanks, Rand! A voice of reason in Congress is rare nowadays.
I hate your economics. We mustn't eliminate benefit programs, but extend them to everyone. However; you're our conscience on foreign policy.
I am as far from the Republican party as one can possibly be, but I whole-heartedly support Rand Paul in this endeavor.
Rand Paul had better understand that the elites controlling the US "military-industrial complex" will not tolerate him.
These wars are making people Widows and congress refuses to pay them the annuity they have earned! Repeal SPB-DIC offset
This is a good thing. No one man should be responsible for declaring war. I thot that the Pres had options on where to send troops in war.
Thank you! 
I like this guy. After Vietnam we should never commit troops anywhere. Drones ok. Bush caused an eternal crisis of biblical proportions.
Stop creating wars for the wealthy. 

Close 150 bases & bring our 300,000 troops home. Put them on our coasts/borders for national DEFENSE.

Semper Fi Sir. You should ask all your counterparts what my friends have died for? What? Name me something
#IStandWithRand  let's get this hashtag trending and keep it trending until Congress finds their  !!
tulsi gabbard
Please don't ever get tired of defending our constitution.  Utmost respect of your tireless fight to save our constitution and our freedom
@TylerArnold18 however, he is essentially preaching for Isolationism.  That is worse
RAND PAUL AND FATHER ARE THE ONLY TWO PERSON IN GOVERNMENT THAT HELP U.S
When we have to go to war, let the military win unconditionally not politically.  We didn't learn a damn thing from Korea or Vietnam
If World War 2 happened today we would all be speaking Japanese or German because of our Politicians and Snowflakes won't let us win
Yeah. He's going to talk them to death!
Senator, you have grown on me. For a long time you were TOO far right for me, but now I see what you have been saying. Keep up the fight.
The more yall talk the least i understand, when we entered the war was it called SHORT AND SWEET.
Really! we are fighting for them, but our president wants to put bands from their enter in usa, how stupid is that?
Yall stick our nose in everthing, Then cry about the cost, did the goverment think that endless war would stop just because we got involved
Rand, get: The Book Of Truth, there is NO ERROR in it. IGNORE, the skeptics. GOD IS INTERVENING BIG TIME. BELIEVE.
With you 100%. Many thanks.
Yes think again No More War  #MAGA rebuild #Houston #Florida #PuertoRico devastated by #HurricaneHarvery #HurricaneIrma GbU  
Good luck with that Senator. Your colleagues don't WANT to be on the record. They prefer to be  behind the curtain. Safe. Job security.

#StandWithRand. #Nomore
This is not a foreign policy, Senator. It's a fantasy based on theory, not reality. The Islamists (& China) have an endless war against US!
What war? Was the a declaration I missed. How about requiring a deadline for every #AUMF ?
Do you still support Mitt Romney, Rand? I'll get behind you for this Anti-war push, but then its back under the bus for you, you slimy shit.
This is why you were my first choice for president. Keep telling it, Rand. Do you know the #Awan story? Spy ring in Congress.pls.natl sec


I support your initiative to return war powers to congress where it belongs. The executive branch has become much too powerful.
WHY is everyone quiet about these insane endless #WarsForProfit ??? Thank you @RandPaul


no quieren limpiar un país, quieren que Europa sea con musulmanes como Norteamérica con latinos y negros, pero eso no funcionará jamás
para hacer cartón lleno, por la mala educación de las élites para con nosotros que siempre pagamos los errores de ellos que sin miles
que logren entender lo que les quiero decir, de todas formas mientras no se les llene a ustedes de musulmanes que es lo único que les falta
Tampoco da resultado un gobierno libertario porque para la mentalidad yanquee es todo o nada, no conocen un medio, entonces es imposible
Would be nice to have a Air Defense System to keep Americans safe from Attacks. But hey, who cares right!
Está provocando que Europa se islamice.. porque matando moros, el canje es europeo, intenté hacerselos ver pero no hay caso...
Hasta que no descubran otro sentido que de tanto dinero como una guerra no pararán el tema es por culpa de las guerras de Estados Unidos
Get us out of those sickass barbaric countries!
Gente que se pelea por una corona en vez de ayudar a su pueblo, mientras se les llena de ilegales  se islamiza Europa quién es mas pelotudo?
Pero deberán ir pensando luego en algo mejor a una guerra, por lo menos la tienen más clara que Europa donde están mostrando la inoperancia
I've just come to the conclusion that Mowatt & Carlin were right. Earth is run by idiotic psychopaths. We allow it. We deserve what we get.
"We are a bad species,an unnatural animal & becoming more & more unnatural every day, & in so doing have probably doomed ourselves already."
Words from the late great Farley Mowat (quote at 3:09):
He, like me, has obviously read 1984 by George Orwell.
Otro error es que Estados Unidos no conoce otra manera de maniobrar a los demás si no es con una guerra, el tema es que por ahora sirve
El tema es que si Estados Unidos deja de hacer guerras, cae en quiebra al instante, lamentablemente han seguido alimentando eso con  dinero
Much appreciated
You sometimes can really get it right. Other times.... no one is perfect!
Dis guy 
https://twitter.com/SLandinSoCal/status/907118403336339456 …
Audacity of @RandPaul trying to collapse US petrodollar, who does he think will take over the vacuum left behind if we leave? 

--> BRICS. 
Accountability #revolutionary idea
GO GO RAND PAUL!!
Thank you Senator. #nomorewar
McCain soon will join the millions he sent off to war to die both civilians and soldiers. What does he care!
I stand with Wikileaks and Julian Assange ALWAYS
Senate is in recess until 2:15pm
A friend sends this Hunter Thompson quote, for 9/12/01.
We need to be at war with the Real perpetrators of 9-11...EYES on America...The answer lies here.
Your right Muslims.
Many are behind this. Senseless war has to stop.
PLEASE help stop the US gov from being th policeman of the world. END this madness. Out of EU, M East, SE Asia, etc...
Thank you Rand Paul for having the courage!
More of Rand Paul posting Rand Paul's stuff. No one is listening.
You are so right Senator Paul. Thank you for being concerned and caring about constitution. Please deman they strike section 623 from that
Bill. What's the deal with resembles? They could make that fit anyone that have a beef with. We do so much that's wrong, don't add this too
It is high time modern Nations like USA gains clear awareness abt mankind's wrong MODEL of STATE:…http://direneedofreinventingdemocracy.blogspot.in/2015/03/modern-notion-of-state-means-usurping.html …
Mankind cud end many of her social evils,but not even there is clear awareness on the EVIL of the wrong STATE model:…http://direneedofreinventingdemocracy.blogspot.in/2014/06/it-is-high-time-to-rethink-on.html …
Thank you Senator Paul!
It's not "endless wars", it's lawyers on the battlefield.  Let us kill them and feed them to the pigs and the wars will end!
Thank you Senator
Get off your high horse @RandPaul! You're just showboating. We pay you to work not sit on your butt and complain!
Thank you Sir!
Quorum call right now on the motion to proceed on HR2810. Live coverage at http://senate.gov 
@RandPaul keep up the great work many of us support you 100%. You are our voice of reason.
In case you have not noticed we the people have less trust in the legislative branch than in the executive branch. Fix that first
Wish we could CLONE your dedication to the Constitution in DC..as it stands the Constitution seems to only be a suggestion
He would get lots of help and support if he comprimised for good of people. Alone he is just a pebble in the sand
I agree. Good job Senator Paul
Please do whatever you can to stop these endless wars.
I'm with you Sen Paul We see where these wars will lead.... The End
Wish you were potus!!!!   Trump gave in  to the political machine.. :(
Well, nobody makes good decisions all the time. Still like you, Senator Paul.
Senator Rand Paul, Many veterans stand with you & demand no more endless wars! Keep maneuvering. We've got your back. Call on us for help.
call your senator
name one thing besides gorsuch the Senate has done. Where was rand the last 8 years. He is my way or nothing!
I think we'll be in a war with Russia someday soon, America has gone mad with war
rock on
Bravo sir a true patriot. Your genuineness is much appreciated
Maybe audit In Q Tel and demand the CIA produce all its info on all the tech companies they have provided seed money for..
I would like to know where In Q Tel got its money and can that be traced back to The Exchange Stabilization Fund at the New York Fed..?
Let's talk about the Tax Reform Plan!!
we fight them there or here.  Take a pick. You have no plans,  just again it!
Tying Debt Ceiling Increases into bad policies is extortion! Congress has a "spending problem" influenced by K-st! Bring back Glass-Steagall
@WSJ @BreitbartNews @DRUDGE @IngrahamAngle @ShannonBream @JudgeNap US Treasury-IRS practices Islamic Finance-Zakat by taxing marriage/kids~
Our democratic republic has been hyjacked by a corrupt donor lobbyist politician symbiotic relationship. We get is war/expensive healthcare.
Uh, with 2 countries calling for death to America, yes, let's just wait until they come here.
Thank you, Sen. Paul! I'm curious where Sellout @SenSanders is on this?
Thank You Senator Paul.   #libertarian #political #wars #accountability #Reason

You Don't get it,Rand Paul.
The war is the Most profitable American export,along with a Fake,bubbled US dollar.
It won't go on forever though. It's gonna end one day.
Your courage reminds me of McGovern against Vietnam in '72. Keep fighting the good fight.
Wish everyone wasn't wasting time and energy on this! GOP platform campaign promises should have already been on Trump's desk! 3 months...
Is @Twitter suppressing tweets? @jack should heed the advice of truth! Gov't working against PEACE>>http://911review.com/articles/ryan/demolition_access_p2.html … @Franklin_Graham
Hard to believe, but I actually agree with him on this.
Get US out!
You Don't get it,Rand Paul.
US economy can't survive without ENDLESS Wars.
Thank you for speaking out and remaining faithful to non aggression principles!!!
He is doing the right thing.
It's more than that if you're Granddaughter just graduated as a 2nd Lt. in Army. Stop the madness of unending WARS OF CHOICE.

