we want campaign finance reform 2 stop our politicians from selling out 2 AIPAC & other zionists grps.we want USA bak
@alllibertynews better take a hard look at Trump's staff
you have a point, at the same time, they may not be as easy to buy as others. they made their money..I hope
@Johnson304Kathy @RandPaul.  This is the true reality. Citizens are tired of government telling them how to & what to do#MAGA
- @RandPaul, yes please!
Way2keep SSA open &pay4 singlepayer, put Obamacare staff in 1200offices http://whitecollargreenspace.blogspot.com    &cuts pollution50%
we also want our politicians 2 stop giving our money 2 the illegal zionist state.we want 2 stop going to war 4 them 2
Rand didn't answer the question if there is going to be a mandate to buy insurance.
Buy wholesale. Medicare Freshman. Medicare Sophomore. Medicare Junior. Medicare Senior. Buy in Bulk. Medicare 4 all.
I have faith on you. But Why nobody is talking about bring down Medicine and medical service. WHY
This American  doesn't want ins corps profiteering & control by their bureaucrats!
I worked for SocialSecurity Office for 34years. I have ideas2save Medicare/Obamacare:
Reinstate risk corridors
@Mike_Beacham @RandPaul ...AND doctors need to be freed of regulatory shackles so they can care for, & focus on, patients again
also cap medical lawsuit payouts.
TOO LATE! To make choices on our doctors?  You've GOT to be KIDDING?  We're TOAST!!!
SIMPLE LOGIC DICTATES A 'FREE MARKET' INSURANCE SYSTEM WOULD DRIVE PRICES DOWN.
the American people want Health Care - you republicans want to deny us that
No, people simply want the right to decide for themselves. Weigh the risk/reward and allocate my own $.
He's describing single payer...
No, he is describing free market health care
All of the qualifications he listed apply to universal health care.
Small business insurance co ops offering low corporate rates would insurance millions a free market solution
My Medicare Advantage plan says I can change doctors. So far, I've called 12 of them and they're not taking patients!
I love the last idea #RandPaul about the ma and pa op where they can join other's n same situation. tyty
Single Payer for minimum coverage with Private taking up the rest is the only way. Free market fails if a need.
NO ONE talking about 60 million of us PAYING THE PENALTY TAX for OTHERS' coverage and we have NONE
We want our health insurances choices governed by the free market, not Federal Government! #HandsOff #AmericaFirst
give us a choice. Some can keep Obamacare and others a different plan Dems will die with it , how can they complain
They want you to kill the ACA "tax" penalty too!  Any replacement that keeps a tax for not buying is a mandate!
My health insurance last year=$8000/yr premium, $5000deductible. Pls repeal obama care! @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
GOP Congressmen should personally disconnect cancer patients in their districts from chemo when ACA is cancelled
#GOP
Please ask GOP y they sabotaged Obamacare by killing "risk corridors" last year.  That's y premiums exploded
.@FoxBusiness @ItsJustJill @RandPaul

#American people also want an option for #DirectCare (which emancipates us from #insurance middlemen).
we want a single payer plan- get the insurance companies and big pharma out of it-then people will believe you
@Airmanfirst @RandPaul Seniors on Medicare still have to pay $139 a month for medical + more for secondary + $40 for RX and
through the taxes in Ocare it made Medicare solvent for more years than what would have been without Ocare.
If they would stop raping Social Sercurity and Medicare for Welfare for illegal aliens and refugees the resources would be OK
The deduction taken out of your paycheck for Social Sercurity is the same as Federal tax, and they can run Country with?
@alllibertynews @RandPaul Fox News has been good to the people. We find no fault.
So, why didn't you vote to Replace and Repeal it???????????????????????????????????
What's next offer car insurance at accident scenes? Life insurance to dead people? No free lunch #whoisjohngault
In addition to that "choice", we want to afford the doctor.  Choice doesn't help if you can't pay for it.
How about more freedom for the peasants libertarian man?
Free us from the Medical Mafia rent-seeking
He is describing Single Payer
what you are describing @RandPaul is universal healthcare.
Here is what Rand Paul's health care plan should be > http://facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1187778931239815&id=1187148567969518 …
Excuse me? He is not the president yet. He is still president-elect.
we also want Planned Parenthood!
We want you to leave our Health Care alone. How about ALL YOU SENATORS LOSE INSURANCE THE SAME DAY WE DO.
Yes. This is a waste of tax spending.....This is ridiculous ..Please stop them..
What is the GOP's plan to accomplish those two things?

What will they do about pre-existing conditions???
The American people want ACA.  Insurance companies are jacking up costs and leaving marketplace.  Not ACA.
Provide protection from medical bankruptcy for those who acquire medical insurance. No insurance, no protection.
Hey, Rand, we want smaller gov't, less cost and intrusion! No mandate, no bloated policies! Are you a Libertarian?!
By sayng "funny clown," O tried 2 rewrite histry. Consult Sanders re group policy. Make it optional. #NationalLottery
do not want mandated ins with tax penalties associated. That is why the insurance co are raping us. #repealobamacare
Exactly. Cannot force citizens to buy gov't product then fine them for choosing not to buy it.
#FlakeBrat Need to be able to set up tax-sheltered HSA's that aren't tied to groups or employers.
who's going to organize that?
say no to more spending
As Libertarian, should be voting to get Gvmt out of hc. Use the commerce clause of constit to improve competition.
What you all want is my health care to be free and even one else to pay for there's sounds like a plain
So why didn't you vote for Repeal and Replacement of ACA??????????????????????????????????????????
Probably because the alternate plan presented added  $9.2 Trillian to national debt in 10 years.
trillion*
They want single payer system.
Gross
Anyone promising cheap healthcare is a liar.
So get it passed, PLEASE!!!
That's just as much your burden as it is his. Write your representatives.
Pointless for me. I live in CA!!! Repubs in Congress as a whole need to get it done!
AND REPLACED!
I'm so terribly sorry. Better days are ahead.
AMEN!

RAND U NEED TO STOP BEING ARROGANT AND TALK TO TRUMP ABOUT YOUR IDEAS !
we most def don't want to hear the nonsense Fox News brings. Don't think I support others this isn't compare and con
Thanks Dr. Paul!!!! Great points!!!
and Republicans are against it! Why?
#StandWithRand
@KimbersFan @RandPaul he should know. His dad's a Dr. His sister is a Dr. He's an eye dr.
AMEN !!
yes Rand they want those things but they want them implemented on the current ACA. Fix and improve not replace.
@alllibertynews @FoxBusiness @RandPaul You do, most don't - and they cannot get it under the "ACA"
I would like some less expensive groceries also Randy .... Oh, and cheaper bourbon. Do you believe in free markets?
@alllibertynews @FoxBusiness @RandPaul me too!
As usual Rand Paul has GREAT ideas about Affordable Health Care! Oh that's Right! He's a Medical Doctor, Not a JD!
Repeal is not your priority because it is not crushing you like it is millions of Americans.
@realDonaldTrump # great ideas. Will work better than what is happening now!!!
# in complete agreement with Rand Paul on this!!!! Need it now!!!
aka they want pre-existing clause, no mandate, huge doc networks and low co-pays/deductibles. Never going to happen
Rand it looks like you are trying to redeem your soul and your father's legacy. You can be a patriot & fix corruption
good thing republicans want to take away their affordable health insurance
That's a crock of shit if I've ever heard one.
#SinglePayer
Thank you
Get Gov out of healthcare has no bussiness in it .let private market decide only make it legal accoss state lines
Keep fighting the good fight, Rand!! #StandWithRand
and we want real answers to solve like the one u presented
Well, he's offering plenty.
The american people want Dr's 2 go back 2 treating according 2 multiple symptoms per visit so they properly diagnose.
get together with your buddies and fix Ocare and make it better. That's what u get paid to do. People want to keep it
No, according to the election results they do not. I'll take less in between me and my Doctor, thanks.
here's a crazy idea- why not do what all other industrial countries do
You mean places like Ireland where you have to wait a year and half for spinal surgery? Great idea!
nope places like Scandinavian countries, France, Japan HK where u wait less tha. uS and pay less
Wait times aren't even measured in the U.S. because they're not standardized. Meaning non existent..
you are free to join whatever healthcare you want buddy, gov healthcare is just an option.
we also want that balanced budget rand. You can do it. Thx
People in hell want ice water-Probably not going to get cheap insurance either-Prices been going up 30 years
We had cheaper insurance in 2001 compared to 2008 - Premiums have gone up every year for decades
No matter what R's do your insurance will be more expensive 8 years from now
Maybe we should look at the price fixing they do with medicare and Medicaid then?
The most cost effective change would be if they just dropped the age of medicare to 0
What?
so your plan is?
Do you have the ability to research?
We don't want fines, mandates or one-size-fits-all plans. We do want Dr, hospital of our choice! Obamacare ain't it!
dear rand..we want our govt out of health ins business.. work on improving airport security first
Literally everything they promised about Obamacare was a lie!
we want government out of healthcare let the free market work, buy across state lines!
an get rid of pre existing mandate...insurers had that covered b4 long b4 wizards of smart congress got involved
We want the government out of the healthcare business.
the american people want single payer healthcare
Fucking no they don't.
I want my doctor & patient to decide treatments not gov or insurance companies
-> free market health care across state lines. Abominable AFCA must be repealed with prejudice! #Transition2017
We also want to keep trained doctors practicing.
Lawmakers conclude that Russia is a major threat to the US and was behind election hacking, breaking with Trump
