Focus on healthcare Rand and your golf swing....stop trying to undermine everything the President does.
You mean bow down before King Donald? Sorry, RP is much more principled than that! And you for that matter...
Not at all, but when we move militarily on a regime that gassed their own people it isn't cool for a Repto run to the cameras yell illegal
The Russians killed many Ukraine's 2 years ago and I don't remember cruise missiles being lobbed into Moscow, do you? #WonderWhy
That's the only thing good about the left, they don't attack their own in public.
So what you're saying is you want robotic-like compliance & capitulation? #Sheeple
Trump was elected for his agenda. Republicans need to be united as a party. Judging by what I'm hearing RP better figure it out fast.
Rand Paul won reelection by double digits! Your worthless POTUS won by virtue of a particular system not to mention has a approval of 35%...
"I'll take New Sheriff from Queens" for $200.00...
What Congress has never seen before is called a "mover & a shaker"
Almost NO ONE in DC was even alive the last time that happened Senator! Years of evidence proves neither party cares about rule of law!
The constitution requires Congress for a declaration of war. Read your constitution senator!
Rand is being true to his convictions. No one should be surprised by his response.
Do it in the primary.  We sure don't need another liberal Democrat.
Look we got Assads ear & thats all we want now we ally with him & get Syr under his control. Paul is 2 smart for this
A bit mealymouthed... Me, u, & ur Dad, all know who did this. [I sure wish Dad was the candidate]
Senator Paul: Unfortunate that Congress loves to debate, debate, debate & debate! And, what comes of it? More Debate! I.E. OBC!
Time to act? I must've missed where Assad attacked the United States...
You must also have missed that we have many sons/daughters there! U also missed that their evil is expanding! Why R u missing so much???
Let's just cut to the chase... Do you support US service folk serving THEIR nation only to go & die in a Syrian civil war?
One cannot understand today's complex issues unless there is a grasp of history & Bible.It's that simple&I hate that our men/women R harmed.
Ill ask you a 3rd & final time, when did Syria attack the US? And why do you think its fine for Military folk to fight a civil war in Syria?
In other word the Senator wants the enemy to know first what America is planning to do!
Exactly.  554 idiots!
Remember when the GOP opposed war with Syria just 3 years and now all the sudden they do? #PepperidgeFarmsDoes
...i like Rand, but to go to congress for a substantial debate of anything is 'pissin' against the wind'.
right as usual. Supports of this are frauds
We have one Commander and Chief besides no one is talking about going to war except journalists, politicians and pundits.
so did you not vote on this many times during Obama administration: little late now
ACCORDING TO YOUR COLLEAGUES IT WASNT NECESSARY FOR CONGRESSIONAL AUTHORIZATION!
It's your fault. You should repeal the war powers act
...and I call on YOU to recognize the strike as urgent, proportional, well reasoned, and in US interests.
#StopDebating #StartDoing
WHO exactly committed the atrocities is up for discussion, too. The commander-in-chief should pull out all intelligence/air until we know.
1/President can use military force if there is a pending threat! Chem weapons were used in Syria & our military troops are there facing
2/ far worse threats & conditions. If POTUS has to wait for authorization we'd be nuked by time they realize they couldn't agree on anything
At times spontaneous action is the right thing to do, it was absolutely right to punish Assad by destroying air base
can no longer seek permission, only forgiveness
At least some one is stocking to their guns from 2013. I wish you would have exercised the same level of integrity during nuclear option.
It's a targeted attack after 8 years of inaction and passivity by obama.  It is not a declaration of war.
NOT SO SENATOR PAUL.CORRUPT CONGRESS AND LEAKS IN GOVT, WE DONT NEED TO ADVERTISE WHT WE R DOING LIKE OBOMA DID.HE GAVE HEADS UP TO ENEMY.
Technically NOT against constitution. POTUS gets 30 days military action then 30 for peaceful withdrawal. (Still hate him though)
Absolutely 100%.  No more presidential folly.
Can't wait for Congress they can't get anything done debate couple weeks go on vacation
Why????  isn't HE the president?
Exactly. Art. I, Sec. 8, Clause 11-US Constitution grants Congress power to declare war. POTUS derives power to direct military afterwards.
I'm opposed to getting involved in other nations civil wars but, I'm glad there is a penalty for having wmd. I don't want one coming here!
U know some n Congress leak everything! Politicians who r owned by Globalists r enemies of our President & would have argued endlessly.
Totally agree, fix your own house first
This DID NOT involve troops on the ground, so I disagree with Rand and Support our President Trump.
R. Paul 2020!!!  Where do I send $?!
Rand, really? Go talk to TRUMP, guide him, no more negative comments. Give him advice to further the USA further action if necessary. Comeon
Why would P Trump seek congress it would have been a circus nothing done!
Rand. Doing that ~Strategy given away, leaks and pundits always second guessing. @POTUS did right thing.
And now we have a Russian warship in the eastern Mediterranean streamlining towards our naval ships tht carried out the middle launch.
As soon as Congress is told any classified info it would be in the press.
Talk talk talk is all those pencil heads do up there and nothing ever gets done on all fronts!
Please just shut up Rand. Go back to your do nothing congress! @POTUS was Presidential unlike the last one!
@POTUS This is why #RandPaul is not our president. I started to like u after your golf/talk with #POTUS about HelIns.
yeah because congress has a great track record.  Debate is all you mouth breathers seemed to get paid for.
Debate my ass. Congress can't do anything. The only person arrested from all your investigating is the guy that hopped the Whitehouse fence.
Rand Paul why do you always have to be against every thing President Trump does when are going to become a republican
To many debates that don't go nowhere they love to waste money and time
N I call on you to stop acting ridiculous. @POTUS didn't declare war. He acted as Chief n Commander should have.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS  is the commander in chief not Congress
Having no respect for human life of your own people means you have none for the people of the world! This behavior needs to be addressed
This guy is unfit to be president. Please. Do your damn jobs before we all pay the consequences.
.@FoxBusiness & @RandPaul Here's a great explanation of why Trump's action was LEGAL:
it's called horrific war crimes
I AM SURE THIS WILL BE RANDS LAST TERM AS A SENATOR HE HAS SHOWN  KY JUST WHAT HE TRULY IS ABOUT. ENJOY YOUR LAST TERM RAND!
Things have to be done quickly, real leaders cant wait days, months, years 4 action...thats why congress is unreliable for these decisions
So the clock can tick on & on like everything on the floor, while no leadership nor decisive action can be taken?
We have ONE Commander in Chief. He will make the decisions with the Generals. Congress can't get out of their own way. Replace Ocare????
Translation: the War Powers Act is dumb.
The way things run in congress it would take 8 years for them to agree on it! (when are Congress ever there to be asked about anything? )
rand ,thats the problem with politicians they debate the hell out of everything and accomplish nothing.
We're not committing troops, it's not war, he doesn't need authorization.
So u can make drive consensus/negotiations like on healthcare, it is easy to talk harder to get things done oh wait how many days off now
you seriously need to learn more about the job you are doing there. As a Kentuckian and a Repub., I will vote u out.
Very brave to speak out against POTUS. He says he never forgets. Health care solution will not be considered now.
and you wonder why you didn't come close to being elected. take your balls out of your wife's purse if you had any
This could have been done properly Congress could have authorized this especially seeing as Rand is the only one vical about opposition.
Incorrect Senator. Under the 1894 Marine Corp Law the @POTUS may use the Marines/Navy assets for "Other duties as seen fit". This is not war
Not true Senator Paul, you need to read the war powers act. Surprising as a senator you don't even know the constitution, the war powers act
It wasn't unlawful, but it was decisive, calculated, and effective!!!
guess we now know which side you're on - killing innocent men, women&children. It's not war, it was a military action
But then of course that was Obamas red line agreement that he backed out of cowardly. Congress never wants to come back from a break
Debates can take weeks,months,years.
Unless it can be deemed a direct threat, which it is!!! Hezbolla uses the air strips, AND Assad wasn't supposed to have nerve gas...
While war should be the last resort, USA has been known for defending the defenseless. The apology tour is over.
I support @POTUS and you but you can not always have it your way.
Wrong.
Mr. Paul maybe you haven't noticed Congress and Senate can't get anything done so why would the president talk to you people clean your area
@realDonaldTrump did go to congress with health care act! How did that go? 
@HouseGOP going on 3 weeks of vocation. Tired of politicians.
it be the year 3000 and they still be debating where ever their after life is
Sorry Rand, the surprise element was necessary. For an all in war, congress needs to know.
He listened to the Generals. They know. No need to consult law makers. He sent a message. And it's about time the POTUS did so.
No need to consult lawmakers. Yeah, let's just trash the Constitution and make him king. The lawmakers represent THE PEOPLE.
If @realDonaldTrump went to Congress, be in the Media the moment he close his sentence. FIX THE LEAKS. Clean up @FBI @IRS @NSAGov @StateDept
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul while action was needed..a POTUS Who does not understand or respect the way govt works is a loose canyon!
@ Paul - pick ur sides & battles wisely as ur words & actions follow you. Our POTUS has the world backing him, not U?
Problem is the Senate for whatever reasons takes all day to tie their shoelaces. Nothing gets done promptly any more.
Strike some sense into Rand Paul's head.
He is not in charge.
POTUS is
Rand is wrong, POTUS doesn't need Congressional authorization for airstrikes, only to declare war. Thank God that Rand is only a Senator.
How isn't it war..if Iran conducted air strikes on Israel it wouldn't be war? Of course its war
@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump does trump understand how govt works and his powers r limited ? Do we need govt 101 classes
Don't think Trump made the decision unilaterally & you know it. Remember when he appointed Gen Mattus?  The other generals?
@RandPaul Get over yourself. President...aka Commander in Chief has the authority to order Military action without your approval. Nice try!!
Getting authorization from Congress is the right way forward but also means the gloves could be taken off...
You need to zip it a d support our country and @POTUS
That sounds like a Democrat statement you people want to sit and push pencil and say why oh why and suck it up butter cup Donald in charge
Finally.
I beg to differ bc as CIC the prez can authorize a strike so long as we are already involved in conflict which we are
Reading is for comprehension, Senator.
No, he did not need congressional approval for this decisive response to the chemical weapon attack on innocent people.
part of that problem is leaking rand. anything that goes for debate like this
We are the parents of the world.
That's fair. I love this man!  I hope you run again for President.
In some ways i agree with this while in others.. No.  Do that 4 it to leak out?  There are traitors in your midst.
I hear you @RandPaul , but the dysfunction in Congress will just bog down necessary action like those taken yesterday.
#StandWithRand. I stand with the president on this one .....
I agree with you most the time @RandPaul. But the potus had no choice here. #maga
Rand Paul needs remedial training..if he doesn't know the difference on this matter...how do we trust his judgement on health care?
Maybe can disagree about this matter. But he actually HAS a career in healthcare outside of government. Very few in DC can say that.
I do as well. Country needs to get on board and support the POTUS. Stop this JR high drama and get to work . Peace
its not about randpaul big surprise for him i kno
So Rand is just about the only sensible person in DC
The swamp drained Trump in only 3 months. Now we're stuck with him for 3+ more years.
I agree with Rand Paul. However, I find it amusing that liberal "experts" are saying this will harm our relationship with Russia. LOL!
Why do you think it won't? Isn't Syria an ally of Russia?
You miss the point. Democrats are claiming he's tied to horrible  Russia and now he's wrecking our relationship with Russia?
Ah, I'm with you now. Yeah somehow both a good relationship and a bad relationship are both bad. Dems have completely lost it.
But in peoples who agree with Trump defense Congress is useless. 13% approval rating? So there's that.
I like you rand Paul and there are proper channels to take, yes. But sometimes you just gotta show em who's boss
Well said
If it were up to @RandPaul, Congress would be ALL POWERFUL and complete neuter the Commander-in-Chief. He is a kook just like his old man.
We all need to stand united @RandPaul. The world is watching. Support your President!!!
#GodBlessAmerica
If Congress actually did anything maybe he would.
@SpeakerRyan @RandPaul @POTUS No US wasn't attacked Paul! Mankind was attacked! Common sense and heart! Would tell u that
Good luck sucker!
@RandPaul who committed those atrocities??? your statement is a FUDGE!
Why hasn't he won? :(
Once again Rand...he only needs to consult Congress on a Declaration of War. He is allowed limited military engagement without consent.
schedule another golf game so you make more deals to further your own political career. #usedtolikeyou
So you get your facts from memes. Good for you, now let the adults talk.
I don't disagree with what we did. But the precedent of not collectively debating and agreeing shouldn't be started and/ or continued
Less talk. We've been talking. That's all prior admin did. Talk. No more. Action is required.  Children were murdered. Lungs burnt up.
You fool RUSSIA GAVE ASSAD THE WEAPONS! Russia isn't happy with what Trump did,  if anything this proves Trump ISN'T CLOSE TO RUSSIA
Rand Paul 2020
@neogratche..not a snowballs chance in hell rand paul will ever be pres.
Ya, lets do that so we can lose the element of surprise. Congress need for Declaring War, not one surprise strike.
press did his job. Stop whining
He is Wagging the Dog to distract from the Russia/Trump investigations.
Senator, I agree with you most of the time. I don't think in these one strike instances you can use drag this through congress.
... no it's not for "military action" its "To declare War" ... yes, there is a difference.
What happens if RUSSIA or NORTH KOREA gives NUKE(S) to ASSAD?
What happens if the HFTs that took over the CCC cause a GREAT DEPRESSION? Gas approaching 100% increase now? WHY?
you are wrong @randpaul
Did he listen to you? Did he listen to american people.
Right on Senator! @POTUS needs congressional approval to do something like this
Yep... I doubt think that's changed.  
I also uncritically believe all propaganda presented to me
No, I support actual proof before launching another open-ended ME conflict.
He wants to wait till they attack us to do something about it
Exactly!
while the good senator irritates me to no end hes not wrong on this
