Rand would be happy about that.
it isn't "momentum" to continue Obama's legacy of increasing NSA and CIA mass surveillance.
it wouldn't be directed at anyone. It would be a continuation of collecting everyone's information.
the IRS and the NSA aren't even close to the same thing.
Extremely disappointed in your vote. He is a good man for the CIA . We Gave you a chance. Why not him? He will prove you wrong.
because he's outwardly a proponent of mass surveillance?
Rand Paul one of the very few in DC protecting our eroding 4th amend.
I was referring to Trump's pick
yeah I know :).  was making a general statement of appreciation for Senator Paul,
should've voted against sessions too
Any thoughts on the 1st and 5th amendment implications of this week? Please use your voice to protect the Bill of Rights!!
THEN STAY OUT OF WOMENS ISSUES AND  LEAVE IT UP TO US !! Without planned parent hood AIDS n STD will rise because no testing
because he stands up to fraudulent government spying?
@BroncosFanEJ We will see! Will be watching you!
I stand with Rand.
Have to watch those libertarians, they seem to be wishy washy!
How are we wishy-washy
it has been my experience that many Libertarians lean left and have sewed views!
socially we lean left, what's wrong with that? Being socially conservative just means you want to control
I don't want control,  I have control. I don't follow in little pacts and do what I'm told!
oh , and its " packs " , not " pact"
please vote against Betsy DeVos, for the children
Thank you for this!
Wish I had this Bill Of Rights in Topeka,Ks.
City Council repealed mine 14 years ago.
main reason KGB Paul ran for office was to deliver America to Putin.
Really? Then why are you contributing daily to the demise of our Democracy?
trump  will destroy  us  our leaders need to stand up for human rights
protecting the bill of rights, really but you want to control a woman' s right over their own body; pick a side
be responsible. Fire president Bannon
sir you should have supported Trump. Losing respect for you. Sorry.
If Trump told you to hire an illegal immigrant would you do it?
NOPE. Illegal means illegal. #nomoreillegalrefugees
It's also illegal for the government to violate the 4th amendment.
grow up & become a viable tax paying citizen. Then we might care what you say about government. #votingage21
Oh look she's projecting.
That's great news. Now i'm certain you won't vote for @SenatorSessions
But do you trust Jeff Sessions to protect the Bill of Rights?
Why aren't you speaking out on 'Muslim' Ban?
IMPEACH THE ORANGE TYRANT!
did you fail the bill of rights thing? King trump doesn't care are u a political stooge or protector of the constitution?
vote against Betsy devos as well
DHS, specifically CBP defying court orders, you stay silent.
where do you stand in the education nominee and the ban on certain countries citizens? #kycitizen I definitely have some thoughts
Where are you tonight? Let's hear from a Sen. who claims to respect the Bill of Righrs.
Stop this Facist President and his boss, Steve Bannon.  STOP HIM!  He is destroying everything our country stands for.
thank you for listening to your constituents on this and opposing oppressive security measures that restrict freedom
Thank you, Sen. Paul. Please vote against Betsy DeVos. She is not qualified to be entrusted with our country’s education policy.
.@RandPaul good! Then I'm sure we'll hear you speak out against this immigration ban today! 
I do hope you'll protect our first amendment rights.
I hope you'll be vigilant.  Emoluments.  Freedom of speech.  Freedom of the press.
does the bill of rights say something about treason? Just asking?
@Snowden: @RandPaul voted against ponzi scheming criminal FRN rep Mike Pompeo sidelining @CIA open gov't initiative. http://cia.gov/open/ 
It's under threat right now - thank U.  What's up with the gag order - seems like DJT doesn't want the facts to get out. Bad
where are you protecting my daughter's right to LIFE and the pursuit of happiness by making her die from lack of accessible care?
I hope you have the backbone to reject the wealthy elites like Betsy Devos that are unqualified to move our country forward
thank you for your service
do you ever get tired of being one of the few rational adults in Congress?? Why can't everyone else follow your lead?
I hope you vote no to DeVos! She has such a weak, weak resume. No depth Not a leader So unimpressed. #kidsdeservebetter #dumpdevos
Thanks Senator Paul.  Please do your best to ensure that Trump  doesn't compromise  the USA for his gain and that of his cronies
Thanks for being willing to put partisanship aside when needed. We're going to need to vigilantly guard Amendment One right now.
you're an accident in Congress! Get out!
Over 80% of Kentucky voted for him ? How was that an accident?
opportunity is where that kind of things happen-not having a stronger contender create those lucky strikes
I sure hope you stand Up Against This "Path" Mr. Trump is taking Us Down.  He is showing a very dangerous pattern.
Please remind our president about his promise on a compete and full audit of the FEDERAL RESERVE
Thank you! Vote against Devos. Kentucky children deserve better.
eBay about the right to LIFE for those with medical needs?  Lifetime caps will kill my daughter. You're sure not defending that!!
thank you
please express more of your views on this platform. We need guidance so we can help steer our new captain...
... "except when it comes to the health and safety of others, then fuck it. It's about the $ bills yo and gun sales"
How did voting against him protect our Bill of Rights? Please explain. TY.
Thank you for voting your conscience re: human rights. Please oppose Sessions and DeVos for civil liberties and education for all.

thank you for voting your conscience. Please continue & do not back down 
Keep @POTUS hinest if that's possible
How about protecting Social Security and Medicare. We the people pay for this right. It's our money not an entitlement. Pay back the money.
I sure hope so.  Not looking good so far
if it is your believe to defend the US Constitution why arent you doing something about violation of 1st Amendment policies
Rand Paul may be the ONLY rep senator with a conscience and who  isn't afraid of Trump.
I agree
thank you for your support of the bill of rights
Senator, thank you for voting against Pompeo and at least trying to protect American values
if that the case why are you going to vote for price or Rex Tillerson and DeVos
put your big boy panties on and get to work
A sincere thank you, Senator Paul. Sorry I said mean things about your hair.
As a liberal (of some kind), I'd like to thank you for being on the correct side of the issue.
liberty without security is fragility, and security without liberty is oppression
Please vote against Sessions and DeVos
and it's the main reason I follow you and your father.
lawmakers live in their ivory towers , it is ordinary people who get their asses shot or blown off because of these freedoms
Now I ask you to  #OpposeDeVos as she has #noexperience.
i understand but who do you suggest as CIA director?  Solutions are needed here quickly!
Then pursue justice over the last 8 years of lies and corruption.
By that standard, you'll be hard pressed to have any yes votes besides maybe judicial nominees.
I've got a suggestion for @POTUS. I think @realDonaldTrump & @MELANIATRUMP would enjoy having BOTH of your parents as guests.
you think the terrorists  radicalized Amer need to be protected with bill of right u need to revisit  liberiterian roots
where can we read your reason why?
The Islamic Republic of Iran is being used as a stalking horse by Putin's Russia and the People's Republic of China. Global struggle.
The Islamists have declared war against the West. Fight that war - or lose it. There are no other options - one side can not declare peace.
hummmmmmm
what is your problem
He voted against the CIA as an outfit not against @RepMikePompeo  himself.
will you vote against @BetsyDeVos  and Rex tillerson? Both grossly incompetence. Will you?
they must be thankful this republicans thatforst time they got senate house of common pres m vice cos of trump fence..
The right to bear arms in and outside of the home shall not be infringed. Amend the cnst. 40 states would ratify I bet
thank you Senator. Federal reciprocity law would be helpful. I'm legal in Arizona and once in California, I'm a criminal.
Well then protect my reproductive right to privacy !!
Thank you sir for keeping freedom free #NeverElizabeth!
folks who support these surveillance programs don't understand that "metadata" and "data" are in the modern age the same
I support your decision!
Obama gave additional powers to NSA to spy on us even more during his last day in power.  It would be nice to look into it.
please keep us in your consideration during this horrible time in our history.
#respect
thank you! One of the few men of integrity left in congress!!!
I am in KS & agree. He wrote the Dark Act because of who supports him. He cannot be trusted. Thank you for standing up for us.
I'm a progressive, but every now and then you do something like this and I start to like you.
@mccreacellars @Rare thank you Senator for taking a principaled stand. #countrybeforeparty
Thank you for voting against him. Please vote against Tillerson, DeVos and the rest of the swap.
I am a dem. Even though I don't see eye to eye with you all the time, I love your passion in protecting Constitution Thanks
Integrity is rare.  Thank you.
come on Paul....you can do better than that. support Potus until he proves to be wrong..
One day, those who support the collection of this data, will have it used against them.
a friend got a misdemeanor domestic violence 20yrs ago.  Not even a speeding ticket since, an can't own guns. Pls fix this.
@madatcorruption @Rare Thank you Rand Paul!
Instead of voting against him, increase accountability & transparency with tighter oversight to protect liberty.
@TheVoiceOfPaulR @Rare 
I know.
??? I thought better of you.
I admire you, Senator, for staying true to your principles.  Would that we had 99 others of you on both sides of the aisle.
who are the 8 people
bravo Senator! Ret. USAF Capt.
how bout helping limit gov getting rid of rediculous taxes that are unconstitutional. system makes some BS 2 make them legal
I saw 5 mins of confirmation hearings so, no explanation required.  #StandWithRand
Is it a coincidence that 911 was used as an excuse to invade our privacy like they tried to use domestic terrorist attacks.
Thank you for taking this stand today.  We only see glimmers of integrity in our government any more.
tough choice but totally respect why you did it.  I keep going back and forth on this one.  So nice to discuss respectfully!
Never thought you'd be the last sane Republican.
well put sir
really?  How r u fighting for the press?  Last i checked your president us abusing them
#StandWithRand I'll remain viligant with ya Rand if u say it falls short I trust ya 100 bet that..
As a devout libertarian. Thank you
well done, sir.  I appreciate a senator that makes up his own mind.
I hope you're able to communicate this to the President.
thank you for standing up for the ENTIRE Constitution. You are a true patriot.
Will you stand up to Trump? To protect the Constitution you will have to
Thank you. I may not agree with all of your politics but this vote shows you have integrity.
kudos for this
deep state needs to be cut
.@RandPaul @Rare Great points Senator Paul. Thank you for remaining vigilant! #TuesdayMotivation #InagurationDay #WomensMarchOnWashington
I disagree with you on this one, but I respect your integrity.

say no to Tillerson and Betsy too please.
Thank You. A true Statesman.
-this is WHY I never voted Rand Paul -he is fringe far right !!
I expected this. I've read your book. To rebut your reasoning example, those 8 need reprimanded.
Looks like you're going to be real busy.
As someone who's given you grief (here and by letter), this is a point on which we agree—the Patriot Act overstepped enough.
@ronwyden bravo to you both, for standing up for privacy!
keep up the good work Rand!
yes protect our rights!
I saw where he was confirmed, if you are on the Intelligence committee HOLD HIM ACCOUNTABLE, but with respect.
U R more & more crazy every day
He is on the side of liberty for all Americans, regardless of politics. Mass surveillance is not American.
GFY @RandPaul .
the bill of rights are always protected unless you have a liberal in office.we need a unpolitical cia director unlike the last one
@realDonaldTrump @MeetThePress @SpeakerRyan Thank You!
just want thank you on your "no" vote on Pompeo. He's an Authoritarian who stands for things the US should be against.
i am still for #randpaul2020
Now this should set up a REAL interesting vote for Attorney General...
what are your thoughts on the CIA as a whole?
Tou go, Rand! Stand up guy, Senator
thanks for the explanation. The American people have fallen for the fear and don't realize the problems it can cause
get him to release his taxes. 

Thank you
does this include the 14th amendment and a woman's right to choose?
Keep fighting the good fight!
I'm a constituent... Emoluments clause. Please. Otherwise the Constitution is just another lie.
disappointed in you on this one Rand.   Be part of the solution
Protecting the Bill of Rights is no excuse to vote against Pompeo, it's more like an attention seeking move.
wanna stir things up and keep your name and your cause-OUR cause in the news? Get Charles Manson out of prison, he's an innocent man.
The CIA needs to be eliminated.  It is a rogue element that serves the deep state & is the greatest force of evil in our world.
.@RandPaul @Rare You got this vote wrong. No way should more than a few people know what is going on for covert or black ops.
I respect your opinion and thank you for openly sharing your decision behind the vote.
since you didn't get elected. Charles Manson is still in prison-if 1 person in this nation is held without rights, none of us have rights.
Thank you sir! I believe you cannot be bought. I KNOW IT! You sir are a true patriot.
thank you Senator for having the integrity to stand up for what is right.  Truth, Justice, and the American way!!!
that's s bunch of crap  do you really think all those freaks marching should be allowed to see classified info
I absolutely support you on this.
I disagree w/you on many things, but I am glad to see this.
Thank you so much for all your efforts!!!  I live in CO not KY, but think of you as my senator too <3
I dont always agree with you but respect you.
Thank you @RandPaul
appreciate you making strong decisions over partisan decisions.
I think you did it for attention, you loss me
Speaker Raisinheart cannot rise to the occasion. Hope you can. There are real conservatives who will respond to integrity.
You're on the wrong side on this one.
Thank you.. with you 100%
thank you for this one, Senator!
@lora_newell @RandPaul @catoletters & I 4 one really appreciate it,of all the ppl that tried2go 4 POTUS, u were #1, but we all know about DC
freedom  Thank you Sir.
2018 coming soon we will vote.
Please vote NO to internet sales and No to Rick Perry making Nevada a nuclear waste dump!
You're one of the few politicians whose vote is consistent with your rhetoric, a rarity anymore. Keep up the great work!

http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-aetna-obamacare-20170123-story.html …
We need more honest people like you Senator Paul. Especially in michigan
Stand by principles.
you're the best senator we have in America Dr Paul. God bless you cuz
too bad more politicians don’t believe in protecting them at all costs!
