How long takes to get congress approval? Long enough to have more innocents people massacred?
No he doesn't. This is a military strike now war. Big difference. Congress takes too long to act. We trust Trump for this action
Was Pearl Harbor not an act of war?
Idiot
Listen granny, I know you're old & senile & don't understand the situation.
@RandPaul @SenMikeLee I really think u need to re-read and learn the constitution. This was not an act of war. POTUS DOESN'T NEED APPROVAL
Everyone needs to read The War Resolution Act of 1973. It gives the president latitude for limited military action.
The best way to get the bad guys is to do what Potus did that's a fact.
We aren't going to war!! How stupid r these "senators"!?!
Don't try to have a battle of the wits with unarmed people. U r wasting time
Obama did Pres.Overreaching in Syria, Dems never questioned or enforced that what now???
Have contacted my representatives. They opposed Syria attacks in 2013. Hope they'll do the same now. Glad we have a few sane pols!
What "War Plans". Who said anything about War Plans? @realDonaldTrump is NOT Senator McCain or Senator Graham
NO, the President does NOT have to ask or tell Congress ANYTHING because Syria did something wrong, he warned them & then then took action!
Wrong! He didn't warn anyone. Obama did. Didn't support military in Syria since 2013. He tweeted about it then.
and you should all at that time remind Trump of his promise to stop messing up with other countries. #AmericaFirst
I agree. I don't support this war conflict/1off. Our #Taxdollar should be rebuilding our infrastructure not fighting globalist wars. @POTUS
Why in the world would you join dems, fake news, & everyone else who's against POTUS?
Have you heard of the constitution? It's a document Americans have been living by for over two centuries. Obviously it means nothing to you
Tell you all so you can telegraph the world about the plans??? 

Hell no
No like to go to war you actually need congressional approval it's the law and it always has been. That isn't a criticism just a fact.
Nope wrong the we voters have gave him the power end of discussion #MAGA
The War Resolution Act of 1973 gave Trump the latitude.
Not particularly it more so provided the gray area.
One air strike doesn't equate to declaring war. Didn't he do this under the War Powers Act? Let us not forget we have Marines in Syria too.
So if Russia strikes R AFB w 59 missiles, it "doesn't equate to declaring war"?
We had an Authorization for Use of Military Force signed in 2014, Syria & Russia were aware of this and what would happen if it was broken.
Even if that Act expired The War Resolution Act of 1973 is still viable
My Question Wasn't Answered. If a Country Wanted 2 Punish US 4 Harming Their People, An Attack On R AFB Wouldn't B "WAR"?
Have none of you ever actually read the Constitution?
1/ Yusuf Qaramanli declared war on the United States on May 14, 1801 by chopping down the flagpole at the American consulate in Tripoli...
2/ In the only real action, the schooner Enterprize engaged & soundly defeated the Tripolitan ship Tripoli off the coast of Malta on Aug 1
3/ That action had been taken w-out any consultation with Congress, but Jefferson now asked for formal & expanded power to deal with Barbary
4/ You bringing up one instance where a ship engaged another in battle in 1801 is fucking ludicrous and a false equivalence.
Guess u missed reading The War Resolution Act of 1973. Gave Trump the latitude. Bush used it after 9/11
How about passing the new Healthcare bill! You can't even do your own job. Enjoy your 2 weeks off 
You guys need to better understand the constitution with respect to what constitutes an act of retaliation and a declaration of war.
They only care about the Second Amendment.  And that's probably the only thing they know about the Constitution.
As a Constitutional lawyer I can tell you I know more than 2 amendment. I don't have a gun & carry every day
How do you 'carry everyday' if you don't have a gun?
If we dont impeach trump we might wake up in a dictatorship where the president has declared martial law. IMPEACH TRUMP!
So Democratic Socialist Sanders is the answer? Clinton who allowed Benghazi?
what if Tim Kaine was the answer
Hope he says "We will stay out of Syria, it's up to Syrians to decide what happens.We also demand that our allies stop supporting "rebels""
Oh yeah that's REAL SMART...let's give them time to clear out their chemicals so they can gas MORE babies!
Wrong! The War Resolution Act of 1973 gives Presidents latitude. Bush used it after 9/11.
@realDonaldTrump getting bad intelligence from warmongers this person needs to b fired don't need another bush
S.J.Res.21 - Authorization for the Use of Military Force Against the Government of Syria to Respond to Use of Chemical Weapons
Sec 2 of the constitution -Trump doesn't need your permission & frankly I'm glad because you guys can't even agree on a healthcare bill.
you are right, however; first thing congress will do to put that on front page of nyt.
"war plans"? NO, a warning! @POTUS doesn't need approval of congress to send a warning to a tyrrant that gased his own people! #USAStrong
. I think Senator Rand Paul needs to re-read the constitution .
I'm so glad you weren't president, no balls
Doesn't Rand Paul realize that getting CONGRESS APPROVAL would take 6 months to 1 yr.!
NO sir you are wrong!! We the voters have him the power period end of discussion #MAGA
Wrong!
Who is this new Trump. The one I knew wanted to make America 1st
Congress can screw up a one way train keep their nose out of Presidential Actions. They can not handle their own job
No one called war. And congress LOL. They can't agree the sky is blue. Joke
Congress is needed Only if war is declared! Vietnam was never declared by congress nor were many others "wars"!! #FakeNewsTravelsFastNoFacts
We the People must demand our Constitution is still the Law of the Land or USA is nothing more than North Korea.

Oh yes,And play politics for months and months talking about how horrible it is and doing nothing!at last a president who acts when needed
Was not war plans! Not unconstitutional! Just took out the airport stuff from where chemical weapons launched! Got a problem with that!
Starting when? It is in the Constitution to go to Congress for a formal declaration of war.  But what has been done starting with Korea?
@KazmierskiR @SenMikeLee @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump  Are you crazy? Airport wouldn't  be bombed...Assad would be gone!
Makes us no better than N. Korea!
This was *An ATTACK* on another country. Puts r men & women into harms way. We are not an uncivilized nation of Rogues shooting off missiles
So where does it say in the Constitution that president needs Congress approval? Not saying I agree with the airstrikes.
Let's see how many Republicons actually care about the constitution and force Trump to seek congressional approval, not happening!
Absolutely agree!!!!!!
Can you tell McCain not to look so fuckin happy on TV, it's disgusting how hard these effing people getting. He is from ear to ear smiling
The best decision was NOT talking to (we never get things done and we gossip) congress. Mike Lee is a kristol never trump loser, Rand=loser
No, he doesn't. See Bill Clinton and the Balkan Crisis.
Agree.... for WARS
Its NOT war tinny tim
He probably took into consideration how many LEAKS there are in the swamp!
No he legally doesn't have to except if he is DECLARING A WAR. Get it STRAIGHT guys!
Untrue unless an act of war. To paraphrase @marcorubio  'there are not [said#] of Commander in Chiefs. There is only one.'
Congress has loose lips, they couldn't keep a secret if it slapped them in the face (democrats and republicans both)
True, But Trump Was Against Such Actions As a Candidate--This Much Power of Mass Destruction w One Man is a Dictatorship
WRONG.  You do not need Congressional approval to take military action.  Only to declare war.
total BS! Has been done many times before. Congress is a joke. Including Lee and Paul
One air strike does not a war make.
Unless those 59 missiles were headed THIS WAY
Yes that would be the case IF we were going to war. This was a warning & well within @POTUS authority! Quit whining bc u weren't asked perm
Good. Now: hold him to it.
Waaaaa...waaaaaa...what's that? That's the wabulance for all whining. Our @POTUS did exactly what was necessary. No forewarning, swift!#maga
Both houses failed him and the people that hired them. You just said you confirmed HIS Judge, so white of you Senator Paul.
When did Trump say we're going to war?  Don't get your panties twisted. He'll ask mom and dad for permission when he needs to.
People are going nuts over this for no reason. Glad to read intelligent tweet
@seanhannity @POTUS THIS WAS NOT WAR** RE-READ THE CONSTITUTION!
Hey Rand, objections to @POTUS  actions in Syria is why you won't cut it as POTUS.
Franklin Roosevelt did it before the United States entered World War 2
@RandPaul DOESN'T CARE ABOUT MURDERED BABIES! He needs We the People to actually show what is written in his job description and what is NOT
Your wrong and pissed. Did you want to announce it before it happened or after. With the Congress he has to work with. LOL Get off his back.
blah blah blah
without doing what he mustn't, he cannot learn the limits on what he may
You have to put cereal in the bowl before the milk! I can make statements too
Wrong, and it's President Trump.
Who said we were.going to war? You are delusional. Quit spreading false rumors
Why ask people who play party partisan politics over people. Congress. Ontinues to demonstrate total lack of concern for the people
Why? So that they can blab about it and discuss it with the media and in the end solve nothing?
No thanks.  @POTUS doesn't need to ask them.
POTUS did notify congress. He doesn't need their permission. He's  Commander & Chief. Im sick of these pussy GOP members who have no loyalty
Get with the program!  He had every right to do what he did.  If he plans to go to war he will get Congress approval!  Republican are you??
We were not attacked dear Americans,and we are not the World Police,& we are broke.
No, but we are humanitarians.  We needed to send a powerful message.  Unlike the last administration.  This is blood on their hands!
We are also over $100T in Debt(or we are leaving the Debt to our Kids & Grands).We can no longer be World Police,and We have a Constitution.
as sd in the Constitution. Plz stop trying to cause trouble and read your books!
Did it ever occur to you that it's a one-time thing just to tell Syria the new sheriff in town won't stand for use of chemical weapons?
Totally sickening the way these Sen. and Congressional persons want to tell our enemies where and when we will be there. Morons!
Vote them.out. not for the.people just their own interest
Time to vote this guy out of office
I agree with that. But, with the intel these days. What if a threat is known and only hours to take out the threat. How would you get vote?
No he doesn't have to go to congress every time look it up even the American people know better. Obama was weak. ITS TIME

Damn RIGHT!
Wrong, they, Syria broke a treaty that was under Obamas Sec State John Kerry said they seized 100% of their Chem weapons LIED !!
Go figure the Alt Left is screaming foul
A strike on an airbase is necessarily a War Plan
Congress is Useless. Theres a few good ones. & I may not have know much abt Cruz or Paul but I do now & I have much respect for them now.
. Congress had 7 yrs. to replace Obamacare & we are still waiting !
Congress 
-congress has 2b there 2tell them-2 wks off? Shld dock pay/benefits til actually work
Well, we should then just tell the enemy our plans, so they can move their weapons, etc, etc,  What do you think we are-democrats!
HE IS NOT GOING TO WAR!!
What so democrats can say no just because it's Pres Trump?!?!&@$
ありがとうございます。
Congress has failed the people they serve. Get over it. Support our President!
Good way to get people killed when give enemy advanced notice#
@nikbrown123 @SenMikeLee @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump he doesn't want a war,  stop spreading propaganda!
There is no declaration of war yet, so calm down and go back to work.
For out and put war yes but not the action last nite
Mike Lee is a nevertumper. Not surprised.
"We wasted $6 trillion in the Middle East"  Who’s responsible? https://goo.gl/uDTxJB 
Why? So it can be recorded by Rice for Obama?
There is a difference between "war" and taking out chemical weapon capabilities with zero to minimal casualties. Gimme a break.
he hasn't declared war, so no need to go to Congress.  he's just fired a warning, like hey y'all, calm down.  if they do, no war.
maybe we the PEOPLE should vote for ur RAISES AND HEALTHCARE CHOICES? WHAT DO U THINK?
No he does not..POTUS followed precedent.
President has to go to congress to DECLARE war. He does not have to go to congress to discuss battle strategy. War not declared yet!
Come on guys - we have had troops there for over a year! Get off the soap box -
?
B.S.....why? So you can tip off the enemy?
These people have an over inflated sense of self importance.
It gives authorization for just about any kind of action in Middle East. Or at least an excuse of sorts.
Oh BFS!!! We already have troops on the ground. Congress can't wipe their own ass without a 100 day debate, still get nothing done.
Why are there not strikes where terrorism lives? The EU and IMF and Federal Reserve and Bank of England?
Bahaha!!! Apparently you don't, go ahead & use power of purse, see how far that takes you
Not true, commander and chief doesn't need approval unless it's a sustained battle. He has the power to act.
An intelligent person in this stream of tweets. The War Resolution Act of 1973 gave Trump the latitude. hasn't expired
Stop running around like your hair is on fire!! IF/WHEN war is warranted, he'll ask you slimeballs for permission. You won't be left out.
Congress sort of screwed the pooch when they blanket authorized after 9-11. Congress needs to rescind that authorization to prevent excuses!
There's also The War Resolution Act of 1973. That's still around 2
Too bad you have no idea what the War Resolution Act of 1973 actually is and that it LIMITS Pres power.
This is why you never made it to the presidency Mr. Paul.
All hes good at, is bitching about what his party is doing. He better shut tfu.
Congress ? No you have 2 get approved by Jared first.
Who and the hell said anything about war. We just sent a message to Lear message. Don't mess with the US.
There is no war. It was a strike. Stupid is as stupid does
