#IStandWithRand
I don't I will never vote for him again
Why?   Because he stands with the constitution and our individual freedoms?
Leaveing Obamacare the way it is is hurting a lot of people personally I know one person that's been hurt by it a lot in a nursing home
They refuse to pay for physical therapy and nobody has done anything that person is now contracted so badly that he will never walk again
Traitor
Open the insurance market across state lines. No taxation without representation.
How about discussing you and other members of the Senate & House getting on Obama Care as well? That might light a fire under your behinds!
You can't get "on" ObamaCare. The Affordable Care Act is legislation, not an insurance plan.
What healthcare? You as a doctor should know that $12,000 deductible means no care unless you are deathly ill. Who gets the money??? Liars!
Someone for got the Y at the end of your first name.
What's your plan
@RandPaul hopefully you and all the rest of the congress will do what the people vote you in for, get rid of OB care!!!
Cuz Rand Paul doesn't want the healthcare Obamacare touched he's a doctor after all
Look who donated to him insurance companies Health companies hospitals doctors
I bet it is the last stop, because if OC is eliminated many rural hospitals will become fiscally insolvent.
B******* most of the hospitals made loads of money off of Obamacare so much money that they had to build other clinics cuz their nonprofit
Look at Saint Clare's Hospitals and Clinics brand new buildings going up all over the place they made money
Shouldn't the problems be clear, including the solutions?  GET IT DONE!!!
Yeah, nice round tables and square tables. Who gives a crap? 100 farmers could fix this problem better than you bozos! Sorry farmers...
He only doing to get on TV he has no plan just say anything about anything to get on TV only thing he has is his curly hair  will run again
Why is Rand Paul working to preserve the Individual Mandate and ObamaCare?   An embarrassment to the #TEAParty
Lots of meetings. How many women and minorities did you meet with today senator?
SENATOR PAUL You have the lever like never before.  Some DEMS will listen IF N A ME OBAMACARE.Is gone  USA HCAccess in prin leaked as next
Why talk about healthcare and do nothing!!!
Of course hospitals insurance companies doctors will be against they will lose money but American people will be covered n it will be lower
any vote other than yes is a vote FOR OC!
Instead of listening to those who benefit from the $$, you should listen, really listen to those of us who have to pay the price!
Rand you've had 7 + years to come up with a plan.  It's all b.s. .  do your job doc!
and then a stop over to @SenSchumer 's house to polish off the mandate
Get with the new bill.
You're obviating that it's all about the attention you want, not passing legislation.

UNREAL! YOU REMAIN BITTER AT #POTUSTrump SINCE THE ELECTION SO BC UR FEELINGS R HURT U HAVE 2FUCK THE COUNTRY? GO SCREW URSELD "DR"ASS! WTF
Please hold your nose and vote for Graham's bill. Start Continuous improvement immediately. Tell everyone this is your strategy. You'll win.
Thank for not voting for this terrible healthcare bill. It does not pass the Kimmel test. Join Democrats in fighting against this bill
He hasn't voted yet Ms liberal.
What's the plan if states come back whining they need more $$ ?
Dr. Senator Paul, Medicaid works for you so it will and should work for all Americans.  Do the right thing.  Cut the cost by 50%
We in KY will be one of the States hit hardest if G-C bill is passed. Aren't we the STATE you represent? Just say NO
I don't care why you reject it, just reject it. It's a bill that will only hurt people. It will make Obamacare worse. Vote no on G-C.
Stand strong in your opposition. Vote no senator. You know this bill will only continue to hurt hard working American families. #AwfulBill
Lol a liberal living a conservative. Like you'd ever vote for him.
Vote NO on graham Cassidy #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
You a lib you think you ever vote for rand? A no.
Thank you Sir! Please vote no!
And? Vote on Repeal and Replace!
Vote Republican please, sick of you holding out! About to lose patience with you!!!
I'm so disappointed in you! #fakeconservative Why do you love Obamacare so much?
You are just as clueless as @LindseyGrahamSC and @BillCassidy .
The problem Senator is the govt should stay the hell out of the insurance business
Get on board w your constituents!!
Hey Rand, how do you feel about Alaska and Wisconsin getting nice little benefits from Graham-Cassidy bill?
Please don't let rural Americans down. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
We need to end Obamacare, it's a socialist system, pass Law that Insurance co's cannot have lifetime max, and states pool for prexisting!
You need to vote yes
Demand an end to tax-eating Mueller and his witch hunt hang
Senator what can you do for seniors who has Medicaid and Medicare are you going to help them or not
Come on Rand. You are pissing into the wind. Get a done deal instead a BS talk about something that never happen
He will. Im sure he will vote yes
#StandWithRand
Hard working Americans cannot afford Obamacare. Businesses cannot afford it. The country cannot afford it
Don't be a democrat. Stop obstructing. Vote yes. We can make it better, but for now best step to stop obamacare
Please repeal Obamacare. Our country cannot afford it.  Socialist countries fail. We don't want socialist health care
Wish all the other republican senators would actually get out and see what people really want
How can you not support graham bill. We have to start somewhere so stop playing games. U didn't come up with anything bye
Get behind graham plan. We are running out of time to stop the barack disaster. Millions are suffering under it. No games
Vote NO
Get a job and take care of yourself
Might as well be a demacrat. Your an obstructionist
Better talk with them about Affordable Care Act as that is what your vote results in keeping.
. Stop obstructing and vote for the #GrahamCassidy bill.
Pls vote for this bill Add new legislation to further repeal later, but this is a start and need 51! Next try would need dems will get worse

Stand strong against #GrahamCassidy Vote No!
Lol the liberals are trolling
You should back the rep party
No to this subadequate bill. Why is there a rush? @LindseyGrahamSC saying this is last chance is ridiculous. We want great not meh
Come to my rural community, I'll discuss it with you
Good, that way when those Rural hospitals close they'll remember your face  @RandPaul 650,000 working poor KY will lose their ACA Medicaid
Americans cannot afford Obama care. We don't want socialized medical care. Congress didn't want it for themselves and exempted themselves
Hillbilly
You will not become popular this way! Please vote YES with our Senate and get rid of Obamacare. Obamacare is killing America!
You risk losing many votes with the next election. Americans are paying attention and we are voting. Trump won because of his promises
If you were in the majority your stance might work but since your not. Join the majority of and vote yes
Please unite with our senate. One step at a time and we will get to your final goal. We must begin somewhere. Too many Americans suffering.
pls help repeal obamacare-a massive spending welfare program.a failed experiment with socialism. pls.
Bot
Please don't blow it. One last time
Please support the imperfect bill and get us out of Obamacare!!!
If you didn't invent you don't like vote for American people not for your ego
I'm sure rural hospitals in your state are .aking bank without financial assistance.
Shouldn't you be in Washington discussing healthcare and a resolution??
Please vote yes. Graham Cassidy allows pts path OUT of insurance monopoly. https://www.conservativereview.com/articles/how-to-save-free-market-health-care-out-of-the-ruins-of-obamacare … Introduce amendment = price transparency.
Vote for Cassidy-Graham, Rand.
Our representatives should have the same healthcare. PERIOD!
Vote no on disastrous Graham-Cassidy
Gage why

Hard working Americans cannot afford to pay for cancer treatment under Obama care. We were lied to by all Democrats and Obama. Please repeal
I hope Republicans didn't lie about repeal. I pay attention and I vote. So do most Americans. Trump won because Americans wanted repeal
SUPPORT GRAHAM CASSIDY OR RESIGN  REPEALING PARTS OF OBAMACARE IS BETTER THAN PRESERVING 100% OF IT
Vote yes it is better than Obama care.  We are suffering give us a damn break will ypu
It's not though. Ocare is bad but this bill will only further hurt hard working American families w/ higher premiums, worse coverage etc...
The bill is designed with glaring loopholes designed to yet again, screw the American people & do nothing to curb the insurance companies.
I don't remember asking you anything I know what is in the bill
All you do is talk and object to every proposal.
Sounds like a great place.
