They do if they're corrupt.
Proof?
Seriously you can't answer the question
no you should provide proof! Oh that's right... u can't because ur lying!!
What would they have to fear if they did nothing wrong? @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump @dcexaminer
Look dude, that is the kind of thinking that allows the nsa to tap ur phone calls&read ur email just to make sure ur a good boy or girl.
If I were contacting ISIS or a hostile foreign power, I would expect them to look into my actions.
I would expect it too.... with a warrant.
You have no idea how the FISA court works, do you? @libertylineman @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump @dcexaminer
Yes actually and it wasn't used prior to collecting metadata. Info from FISA has been illegally leaked that is a big deal.
Metadata is an entirely separate issue. It has no relevance to the current Trump administration investigation. Leaks are from patriots.
If you think leaking to the press jepradizing innocent lives is patriotic we have no more to talk about.
They shouldn't do dirty deals if they are worried about leaks. #TrumpRussia #TheResistance
With all due respect, Senator, anyone who breaks the laws of the United States should be afraid. In a democracy, no one is above the law.
Schumer's not talking about breaking laws. He's WARNING about crossing the FBI and CIA and the ways they get back at people. Rd the article.
Schumer's not.
I am. 
Also, look at the date of the article. Jan 3. This was when Trump was undermining the entire intelligence community.
McCabe & 3 intel people yesterday and Comey today: NO ONE interfered, impeded, tried to stop investigation. Trump not under investigation.
You must be talking about Muslims. Comey's testimony today: Russia did not change one vote. Yes, they tried to hack, been doing it 4 years.
Muslims, Russians - regardless of who the enemy is, we must not allow anyone to divide our nation. I hope we can all agree to that at least.
Yes, I do. But no one has proven that Trump has committed a crime. Comey said three times today that Trump was not under investigation.
They do in a soviet style police state.
Would you expect to give people the legal license to spy on us would discourage them from doing just that?
Bush started it with the "Patriot Act."
I've pointed that out myself 

Got worse when it was allowed to be reinstated rather than let it expire as it was originally temporary
The entire government is effed up.
I can't disagree on that point 
However it's more of a danger 2 our liberties than a protection of them.

It needs 2 go.
I think so. Big price, small payback.
...while the bad guys fly away free. 

Are you aware of a Pakistani ISI spy ring w/the Awan Brothers in Congress? #Suparco #HRCRatline
Getting a bit worried Randy? You probably should....
On the question of whether Trump has tapes of conversations between him and Comey, Trump is doing what Trump has always done; go bullshit it
Sounds like Schumer just threatened the @POTUS   seriously why not arrest Schumer. ....
Nonsense. All he did was tell the Pres that these people aren't as incompetent as he seems to think.
#NerveStruck
These dipshits hired Reality Winner. They have a legacy of ashes. All leak, no bite.
Also explains the IRS
That same IRS scandal Mueller was clueless about during his time as FBI director?
Any American should not have to worry either. And given BS leakers like #RealityWinner
The intel agency and state dept needs to be downsized and restructured. They think they are running the country. We are as bad as Russia
I don't think he does and I don't think they do, more smoke and mirrors, more running if the month trying to scare people, dems = fake news
Schumer is a traitor to America
Our intelligence community should be working with the president.
And your constituents should not have to live in fear of Trump and his Russian mob buddies.
Tell Schumer  the Martians are invading earth too and we have to run for the hills. Hope Schumer gets hold of reality or resigns
Is this not evidence of police state growing by Dems? Wake up!! Soros already starting a cou using tactics used round globe in revolutions
I believe Donald is the one that attacked the intelligence community & London Mayor Alec B. Nordstroms Streep celebrities disabled reporter.
It's getting dangerous. These democrats are a threat to our Potus
The biggest threat to the potus is the potus.
Obviously not in touch with main stream America that needed CHANGE.If we had wanted the left's solutions,we would not have voted for Trump.
That is not a reply to this thread.
But, he doesn't have solutions. Where's his plan to defeat ISIS in 30 days?
Well, he has done a lot minus the obstruction. He has 8 years to defeat Isis
Obstruction??? The GOP has majority!
Money speaking louder
Where was this concern when the leaks were about Hillary's emails?
Intel is supposed to protect us and the nation, not terrorize and intimidate us. They're also not supposed to be running the gov in secret
Sen Rand, we the ppl need your support in getting @CNN and other MSM stopped at promoting hate against @POTUS  what steps do we need to take
why do we need 17 intelligence agencies?
This is disgraceful..thisnis your leader in Congress! Shameful @joey_desmarais
Trumps showed more respect to Saudia Arabia than he does to most of America's citizens lol
He leads All Americans, He's fighting terror around the globe and has shown great leadership in establishing a REAL coalition that will act.
This just might be the most hypocritical thing you have ever said lol he is not leading, he has launched one missile, and orb danced lol
2018 Big League win, 2020 Even BIGGER lol Dems are completely melting down. Their socialist Utopia is getting farther and farther away.
The Dem movement is gaining so much momentum. The political unrest in this country is like nothing we have ever seen. Thanks Trump #dems2018
You're in Liberal bubble that I'm trying to pierce so you can see..but you refuse lol You thought HRC was gonna get 350 Electoral Votes lol
There's a lot of political unrest amongst liberals lol
Hey Rand, don't screw up and you've got no problems. If you're that concerned, maybe you've got some skeletons in your closet too.
hrc/dws' Awan Brothers espionage ring sells our secrets, ambushes our military, & kills our veterans

How soon are you going to arrest them?
you are a sackless yellow snowflake...retire.
This is (not surprisingly) a very stupid thing for @SenSchumer to say.
Sessions may go executive privilege tomorrow.   I hope he doe.  Old man is dirty and non answers is another nail in his coffin 
Time to root out the #DeepState and #MAGA.
That's a threat from Schumer...or maybe a 'call to action'.
Or maybe the IC has something very damaging to Schumer?
Maybe his conversations should be 'unmasked'!
Thank you Senator Rand Paul!!
She was framed!
Senator, it is called Treason. If this had happened to obama the democrats would be screaming for Prison for the department Heads. Trump Won
Sen Schumer, That can happen to both parties, be careful Chuck Paybacks are not fun
If the democrats keep fucking around they will have to fear many
What do they have on Schumer that he is so worried about upsetting them?
Such a weird threat. If he i has something on any leader, woudn't he want justice? or only control/extortion. @SenSchumer #lossrespect
Agreed!  I don't believe Chuckie would take too lightly to being threatened in this way, either.
Chuck Schumer needs to live in fear of being unseated then he'll have a reason to cry
What's so concerning Rand?  
It's O K they are hurt.Urgent investigation in Schumer,Pelossi and Maxine Waters on how they have made their money.
How can we get rid of the special counsel
That would be true assuming they aren't guilty of high crimes or treason.  Should work both ways, intelligence should be independent.

https://youtu.be/eDIaDS9HhMw  this song goes out to Chuck Schumer from Janis Joplin Cry Cry Baby
America SHOULDN'T HAVE TO LIVE IN FEAR OF OUR GOVERNMENT!!!
hrc/dws' Awan Brothers espionage ring sells our secrets, ambushes our military, & kills our veterans

How soon are you going to arrest them?
Reports suggest Comey knew AG Lynch colluded with HRC campaign to obstruct justice & investigations. But, Comey did nothing. #Shameful
That says it all don't you think?
This is absolute bull. They're doing their jobs. You, on the other hand, flip your loyalty like a like switch.
Very concerning! @realDonaldTrump and other US leaders should not have to live in fear of our intelligence community http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/schumer-warns-trump-intel-officials-have-six-ways-from-sunday-at-getting-back-at-you/article/2610823 …
Schumer only AGREES, when he has an opportunity to snip & snort propaganda negatives, at each meeting with/without the propaganda press
He just threatened the president! Arrest him! Bring down the CIA they are way too powerful! Rebuild intelligence dept, remove Obamas agenda
With the KGB ?
I am so sick of Democrats. They haven't done one constructive thing in years!
We killed Bin Laden     HaHaHa
No, actually Robert O'Neil, a Navy Seal killed him in Abbottabad, and he seems to be a conservative - just saying.
No Obama was the shooter
Quit being a knucklehead.
Trumps a Liar !
Rand you are a godsend. Keep up the great work you do. Your brand is authentic.
Can't we remove them from office
Trump ?
We are working on it .
MINORITY..SAYS IT ALL FOR CHUMP SCHUMER!! I AGREE SENATOR PAUL!
Can't wait for elections Rand now that I live in KY. You seem to forget U work for the ppl not against them.
Of all the congressmen, Rand is the one that has stood by his promises. KY knew what they were getting, and liked it. Still do.
It's like yelling at a hurricane.  You keep promoting garbage and never change.
THERE IS SOMETHING TERRIBLY WRONG WITH THAT DUDE...
#AwanGate URGENT This blackmail of Congress has gone on far too long
Schumer is a reptile.
Almost treason
Why is schumer threading this? Do they answer to him?
They should if they're doing something illegal.
All citizens of the United States should not have to live in fear of our intelligence
community - not just our so called leaders
haven't heard you say Ginsburg should recuse herself from travel ban ruling
incredibly disrespectful.
That's precisely what scumbags say.
I'm afraid of my government every single day, always a surprise in the mail, a new fee, tax, fine or limitation on what I can do.
Lots of Rand Paul bots here
Even more so, the American people at large shouldn't have to. The IC needs to b reigned in.
So @SenSchumer is admitting our intelligence community is corrupt??! And proving his personal bias towards OUR President.
Randle, this article is from January.
25 yr old agent of deep state espionage. Very convenient. I always figured it would be an old spook like Clapper or McCain.
This is ridiculous. I consider that a threat from @SenSchumer and I would like to see an investigation.
Shumer is the leader of the America haters.
You are aware that Trump colluded with a foreign govt to steal the election, thus committing treason. I wonder about you, Rand, I do.
I think you will find all of those trying to interfere are GUILTY! hear that Chucky?
This snake has his finger so far into the "Swamp" corruption, he'll say anything to deflect. How bout another investigaton Schumey?
In this presidents case, he should worry. His title doesn't give him the right to do what he's done and continues to do. Your priorities sir
Time to investigate  @SenSchumer , and his connection with the corruption in intelligence community. A creepy statement from a creepy man.
Then fix it Sir!
To be fair, I realize you and I probably agree on this issue. But if he's broken the law, it shouldn't be ignored, should it?
There's nothing to fear if he's not corrupt and in bed with Russians or others that continue doing business with his 'organization'.
That sounds like a treat to me! OUTRAGEOUSread it again you incredible low life How dare you threaten the President of the United States
They already live in fear of our renegade run away judicial system. This is crazy!!
We need to get schumer out of Congress he's a huge part of the swamp
Getting back at him for doing what he promised America he would do to #MAGA?
@jeanigum @realDonaldTrump #CompleteRepealOfObamacare #LowerTaxes #MAGApromises #RepealCommonCore #BuildTheWall 
#StopLeaks
Clown Schumer should be censured.  Maybe even kicked out of the Senate.
What he meant was "I have six ways to Sunday to get back at you"
What else is function of #IntelCommunity but to strike fear?
Is @SenSchumer head of #ShadowGovt #AGITPROP?
US #Dems, TAKEN OVER BY RADICALS, look more like #FormerSovietUnion EVERYDAY
#HILLARY'S New SU
@POTUS @VP @Reince45 @TheJusticeDept @DHSgov @CIA @FBI @FBIChicago @FBIDetroit  Michael Moore = Serious Threat!
Typical Schmuckface. Evil.
He's messaging; if the Dems get back in, all the potential lawbreaking will be forgiven. Democrat way is there are no rules if it favors us.
Was try this done to the biggest thug dirty dealing president ever to disgrace the Whitehouse. O?  Should it have!? @chuckschumer ??? Well?
@wyscrapper @realDonaldTrump @dcexaminer Schumer thinks he runs this country. Got news for him, do not discount our president.
We have created a monster in our intel agencies. Arming them ANYMORE latitude would be suicide for our liberties. Hold agencies accountable.
The president is chosen by the people, no one voted for the CIA, NSA and the rest.
but yet it has been 8mos and still no evidence.  End this farce of an investigation now!
This sounds very different from your position on HRC. Hypocrisy before people!
If Chuck knows so much about our intelligence; he needs testify after Comey & tell us ALL about it!! Sounds very much like a THREAT to me!
WOW Schumer thx 4 letting us know the intelligence community are spiteful, hateful children! YOU made the case for downsizing their power!
Spiteful and hateful. Who does that describe? Oh, right, that describes Trump.
Our intel agencies are timid.
I used to respect your principles @RandPaul but this is ridiculous. Trump is a con man, he needs to be blatantly and completely exposed.
Schumer should resign and seek a job in show business.
Schumer likes knowing Intel can "get you". I thought they were to help the pres. Not "get him".  This is like a bad movie.
Who's running the country? Hope its the people we voted for not unaccountable spies with a political agenda (watching for black helicopters)
What @SenSchumer fails to grasp is his "6 ways..." comment is a call to reform as a whole the US intelligence apparatus
They should if they break the law !
Other way around. Govt. employees shouldn't have to live in fear of fascist authoritarian POTUS. How does supposed libertarian side w/TRUMP?
Answer is self evident: Dems/liberals centralized the power of FedGov in the presidency. Now it is not their socialist party, so they cry.
Nor should they be in position to fear it.
I would like to know who donates to Schumer, it will tell us everything. #DeepState
@TRUMPinlibtards @realDonaldTrump @dcexaminer Fake Tears Chuckie, just one of the Democrat 
Senator Paul: Who was intended recipient of @SenSchumer THREAT to POTUS? Increasingly clear he was messaging INTEL to "go after" President.
We shouldn't have to live in fear of an unstable President, but you've done nothing about that
Unless u r Hillary Clinton
Schumer needs to go away he does not work 4 all Americans
somebody's got to go to jail...  im.not just quoting the old movie line either. #somebodysgot2gotojail..
he's part of the gang of 8, maybe he's a leaker
Oh yes, Sen. Schumer loves Democracy eh?  What a tool.  That guy is worse than horrible.
Wouldn't this be considered a threat against POTUS by Schumer?
This empire is in the 1991 "coup against Gorbachev" condition.....
Don't they call Schumer's statements sedition? Just asking.
defund these agencies shut them down clean them out and start over
Indictments, perp walks, bookings, prosecutions, convictions and incarceration r my favorite words
Schumer is nothing but an obstructionist.
That's democrats!! Talk about abuse of power! They got nothing so they resort to scare tactics! Screw @SenSchumer, he's a liberal turd
@POTUS. Hearing @SenSchumer threats makes me happy I voted for you.  This behavior by our Intel and voted officials has to stop.
Very concerning the behavior of the Republican Party that is not concerned in the least about foreign governments involvement
VOTE THESE CROOKS OUT. End citizens united and for term limits. Take America back from crooks
Tell no lies and the truth isn't frightening.
So sad that dumb Congress members are working for Americas enemies. Sad day for our democracy. Schumer is a traitor!!!
#DeepState
US citizens shouldn't have to live in fear of their president colluding with Russia to win an election
Please bring it on!
You can add Schumer to the investigations I don't understand this resist thing he is our president
Exactly WHAT are Republicans #MajorityParty doing to help the president? Your inaction and silence speaks volumes to voters! 
Dems seem to think there job is now to work against a president who is not perfect,  it is working hard for the American people.
Schumer needs to stop talking!
Isn't he repeating himself again? These obstructionists need to freshen their messages.
If they are doing things that are illegal they SHOULD fear.
maybe he should read his briefings and not the Drudge Report, Rand.
And still no one report findings from the Clintons?
We need to get to the bottom of this now. There doesn't seem to be any consequences for violating people's Constitutional rights.
Agreee totally. It is concerning. Defacto running the country through fear and intimidation of elected officials is a dark path..
Yeah, exactly!
On the Contrary, maybe they should not commit TREASON
Senator Rand Paul .We have to remove them from their office soon as possible,  also Chuck Schumer together with all corrupted one
Sue Obama.
They unmasked #SethRich which led to his murder
Shumer knows. Podesta knows #GUILTY 

#SethRichCoverUp
#WAKEUPAMERICA
#Justice4Seth
#MAGA
This is NOT AMERICA. MY God, what has happened to our country.
Godless Liberalism!
This clown  @SenShumer is slowing circling the drain.  Evil like him will be cast to the ground
Schumer is a carpet bagger
not should we live in fear of the President and propagandists like you.
Exactly!  We need laws that we all follow including the govt.
Schumer is evil despicable person against  all people voted for. Against MAGA agenda
@SenSchumer is dumb to keep opposing the President & pushing the Trump/Russia narrative.
Well that sounds like a threat!  I doubt it bothers #POTUS at all!
Oh no Schumer was quiet for awhile now the jerk is back threatening He is more corrupt than anyone - he and his niece Amy Schumer two losers
Schumer should be run out of office for all the sickening things he's said especially this intel threat aimed at potus
Not in liberal CESSPOOL of nyc.
It's even more concerning that Sen Schumer would suggest the Intel community would be willing to seek revenge on the President
Sen Schumer and hateful rhetoric from liberals and democrats in congress spewing hate and "trying to seek revenge" on Pres- disgracefulbad
Very concerning...you condone & enable 45s irrational temperamental behavior. Donny is even alienating our allies yet stands up 4 Putin.
Schumer is an enemy of the people!
That concerns you more than mental state of DT??? That is alarming. I'm ashamed to be American bc of DT deranged tweeting of foreign policy
Thank you Mr. Paul I couldn't of said it better
He is a first class idiot.
You have to remember, the CIA owes it allegiance to the New World Order criminal cabal BEFORE the nation.
They should if they are breaking the law.
Oh so your ok with the NSA and CIA using illegal means to spy on people?

We will not hand country back to globalist. There will be an uprising that will make civil rights turmoil seem like a Hillary rally. Try it.
What a DISGRACE! Dem Leader warns the Pres. w/retaliation from Fed Agencies THAT WORK FOR US! Schumer should be removed & Intel controlled!!
Even more concerning that @realDonaldTrump continues to disparage the intelligence agencies.
What Schumer is admitting unwittingly is that The Left runs the agencies and therefore, American governance in general.  No surprise!
ITS terrorism!
#WakeUpMudmen
they ARE literally ISIS.!
helloOo, mc fly!

#StandUnitedAgain
He's so awful even his co-workers hate him
Sounds like a threat to me!
We need them to show their asses so we can deal with them. All is well. Thank you patriot!
They have no fear in using intelligence community on is. You guys are ALL a mess. It's "party first" and partisan politics.
Only a crook like Schumer would know.  Why haven't we cuffed these people yet.  It's obvious their trying to overrun our country. #Treason
Nor should the American people.
Globalists attacking our president as well as US Intelligence? Why is this being allowed? Strip those people of their jobs Senator!
Sen Paul. We need you.
Please help Mr Trump.
God knows he needs an able partner.
Pass Obamacare repeal now
#45MAGAStrong
