
ATTN @RandPaul! Do you AGREE or DISAGREE with @realDonaldTrump comparison of US Intel agencies to Nazi Germany? 

…
Finally!  Someone that understands medicine making a proposal to replace Obamacare.
Did you even read the context?
It's called a metaphor
No, slippery slope does not apply to metaphors
I love u, sen., but hate that u subject yourself 2 a dimwit like Blitzer. The voice in his ear tells him what to say.
where can a citizen go online to see the statistics and data on aca?
Why'd you try to the steal money I've been paying to social security the other night?
Rand Paul protecting SS
Got a podcast?
why would you?
has proposed a #MarketSolution for the "replacement" of ObamaCare and it should be our priority at this time, @VaQualHC
do propose something that guarantees health coverage to ALL Americans
paid for by whom?
Well, I guess if I'm not paying for your Medicare, I'll be soon, so you might as well pay for something
not on  CNN ???? News Network
Did you discuss the fact that ANY "Repeal & Replace" that doesn't kill the ACA "tax" penalty will still be a mandate?
possible it would be less disruptive to replace ... then repeal?
Just repeal it and insurance company's will react and design plans that work.
Still think you would be an asset in an 'incusive genuine''Democratic Party'!
Glad to see someone in the senate with some common sense. Replace at the same time is the only responsible way to repeal Obamacare
Why are the Republicans so obsessed with controlling ladies and their lady parts? Peeping toms are perverts.
Eliminate for-profit health insurance companies that profit from rational our healthcare & burden health providers
allow medicare to negotiate drug prices like VA or private insurance programs - no brainer
Eliminate state by state insurance to broaden risk pool, increase competition, reduce administrative cost.
just talking or presenting a CONCRETE plan? @wolfblitzer
don't follow fake news
Don't replace it.
Hate Wolf. He should have been fired for colluding with Hillary.
-Just watched you on @CNNPolitics. You said "vote" on both repeal & replace same day. If repeal=pass & replace=fail?
Yes, & u're both lying & embarrassing yourself. Repubs have NO plan to replace ACA - NOTHING, NADA, ZILCH! @wolfblitzer
Let's see a plan, Rand.  No repeal w/o replace.  Better yet, just fix it.
give it to him Rand
You need to get on board with the appeal.
Only place to DISCUSS your thoughts w out anyone watching
PLEASE call it TRUMPcare in honor of Trump's "deplorable" followers.
i am continuing to follow after your promise to REPEAL and REPLACE!! You guys had more then enough time to introd. RE
I never watch CNN=lefty loons=fake news=lies.
Looking forward to it
and @CNN are the biggest propagators of #FakeNews. @brianstelter 
Rand is turning into McCain & Graham
Go Rand Go, hope your Pop is doing well.
will you be given the questions in advance like they did with @donnabrazile
go on cnn fox msnbc- hell even bbc and shout from the roof tops that there IS INDEED a replacment Plan
Are you bringing a written plan for America to read or just thoughts and ideas for us to ponder?
since when did you become a "replace" guy? #disappointed
Oh, good we will finally hear specific plans we can support & Not just the usual anti-Obama crap & vague promises
#StandWithRand
health care 4 all is a way for make amer great again. No aca means sliding further down totem pole!
can we just quit talking about it and get to doing it! My son is uninsured&had testicular cancer but could not afford@wolfblitzer
- really Wolf Blitzer- how can you trust CNN- will it be live? Or will they chop up your interview?
Speak slowly; he is not the quickest on the uptake. 
And then they'll edit you anyway.
@GOP you people are slime in a beautiful granite building
I was with you until you said Wolf Blitzer
be sure Wolf doesn't put you to sleep.
Could you please post online? I had to cancel the premium tier of cable due to cost.
he always does.
enforce anti-monopoly provisions under existing law 15 USC Chapter 1, over ALL medical field and prices collapse
How many competing replacement plans are out there & are any politically possible? Most of the GOP still spineless.
the system is a meat grinder!
Remember these facts!
#AuditTheFed too
discontinue employers providing Heath cov.  Stop medical fraud, reward healthy ppl !!!
bring statistics and data. Maybe public can see something u miss cuz amer want health care for all more than a wall
Why on his program?  Come on Senator.
Will it be the same old adage, with a new spit shine, called 'Trumpcare'?
and ill be guzzling a bunch of mountain dew code red rond but ill be better at it
