@tedcruz i expect you and other to stand against this. NO GOVERNMENT RUNNING HEALTHCARE PERIOD
because who in the world would want really good free healthcare?
NOTHING in life is "free".  There is ALWAYS a price to be paid.
Of course it won't pass the House, they didn't do the work on the bill that was needed. Buying ins. across St. lines.
Yes I wanted buying insurance across state lines. Cut Fraud. Please
why can't the GOP undo the Byrd rule?
thanks for your hard work and all you do!!!
obamacare is a poor scam attempt to expand extreme costs for premium healthcare and a fatal method which is to be eradicated.
you should be Speaker
@CowboyShaneHtwn Why is it that Dems fight like hell For their beliefs, but our side reduces Dem gains by 3% & declares victory?
pls tell the American people what we can do to help defeat this bill.  Thank u for ur hard work on our behalf.
no repeal replace/ why notREPAIR call it American health care AHC17/U 2 old fighting like kids /grow up do ur jobs/ C US is losing

New plan should be: If you want your doctor,  pay for your doctor. If you want your insurance, pay for your insurance.
What if I can't afford said doctor, nor said insurance?
You should not be able to compelling another's labor. 13thA.. You may accept charity, but not compelling it.
And lest you think I kid, I haven't gone to Dr. in 3 years despite chronic back pain & work 80 hrs/wk.
If I were treated, I couldn't work. I would be a burden on society and family, so I live with the pain.
thank you for your sacrifice.  a true patriot...
No, a true chronic pain sufferer without adequate pain control.
OK, you are right, But why don't you kill us outright rather than make us suffer?
oink
so did you find the room this bill was being created within?
FINALLY someone said the insurance companies should be begging us to go with them not us begging for health care! Don't vote yes!!
In other words, let the poor and elderly die?
We want the best, why r u all not working together to get the right Healthcare plan for all Americans?
yes. We need to work together. To be one racist Republican war monger nation...
U R confused man!  That would be the left!  All the hate & violence is being spewed by the party that represents U!
.@RandPaul If someone is unable to afford health insurance currently, tax credits and HSA are hardly a solution
That's where Medicaid comes in!
Not a solution either when an increasing number of clinics refuse Medicaid.
Definitely still work to be done $$ to states for Medicaid should include incentives for clinics to see these patients
Oh, please shut up!
@VinCorrejo Everyone call your reps and tell them there job is temporary if they don't carry out the will of the people.
@JacumbaGirl 
Choices:
1. Repeal only on purpose
2. Repeal & fail to replace
3. Reconciliation process
@RandPaul #2
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan #3
totally agree Rand. We voted to repeal not reform. Not sure what Ryan is thinking. I think he's drinking the swamp water.
NO MANDATES PAUL-.Do not force healthcare on any American citizen and no healthcare to ILLEGALS!!
@nulltransform Keep promise to REPEAL Obama care in total NOW.
For people who think universal HC works? Look at our military.
You are out of step with The American people, and you have A Date With The Rain.
so hows the govt paid healthcare you get!?  Doublespeak!  Fraud!
C-O-N-S-E-R-V-A-T-I-V-E-S.
sure repeal what's saving lives. replace it with they typical GOP drivel that destroys lives. It's what GOP does best
@bfrankieaboss #BeBoldNotBoehner
@realDonaldTrump Heard on Infowars, you made sense. Great to see Pres.Trump listening to you and hope he follows your lead on this
You Are Fired!
Try harder. "Obamacare Lite?"  Were u last in line for imagination? Fact: Ppl r fed up w/ideology. Anything < ACA = 2018 slog. .
Th House leadership plan is Obamacare Lite. It will not pass. Conservarives are not going to take it.  #FullRepeal
@mmj6279 @realDonaldTrump easy for senators to say, they don't live w/molina insurance
Thank you for holding the line here. This is our only chance to get health care out of the governments hands.
I truely think your idea is the best not to Repeal and replace is not the way to but just to Repeal the whole thing
@CelenaMariano2 @realDonaldTrump @thehill @FreshMindsMedia @MoviesWrld get done
#repealnotreplace 3 different elections we voted and overwhelmingly wanted a full repeal!  P Ryan has lost our support. #teamrand
. Mr Paul, becuz you live comfortably you have fogotten how it's like to make $ stretch for food, health insurance or  medication.
@dansch2002  Is the issue Medicaid $ received each State has it become their slush funds
no OBama light repeal it let competition solve problem
@WashingtonDCTea Sen Paul, I admire you greatly, Pres Trump needs your input. Its time 2negotiate not complain, come  w/solutions.
stop running for president and be productive not destructive
why can't it be repealed , then start from scratch ?
@WashingtonDCTea thanks good to hear we need a full repeal then let's address how to help people not insurance companies
Can we just repeal it and let free market handle replacement?
We'd probably even accept a year cool down while states take over their exchanges.
AFTER the repeal of course.
is this your response after 8 years..pathetic
@marcorubio @SenRubioPress Where do you stand on #FullRepeal and the new healthcare replacement bill?
Mr. Paul, PLEASE do not approve this bill.  We want total repeal, and NO MANDATE!  RFB
Thank you Senator. Please stay true.
I hope you are right.  Do you have the votes to stop it?  Or will Democrats join RINOs and pass it?
No mandate on health care.
'Conservarives?'
maybe we should end insurance.
we need to control medical costs like Medicare does
@tedcruz @SenMikeLee keep fighting #Conservatives are depending on you 3 to make sure #Obamacarelite don't pass #FullRepeal
Put all three phases up at one time if it solves everything...Dare the @DNC to not vote on it and use issue for 2018 if not passed
Reps want to repeal ACA just to keep campaign promises. If Reps want to help us, they should revise ACA w/o break in coverage.
And as Obamacare implodes where are the suckers relying on it going to turn, private insurance? there is none.
Not your way forward @RandPaul. Change to Repub. Party is here.
Here's a thought: Negotiate and make it better in private. Republican infighting in the press is not productive.....
Standing with you Se. Paul. Not what we agreed to.
I Stand with Rand on total repeal NOT replace!
Thank you for making a stand on the RINO's Obamacare version. Can't believe @realDonaldTrump  is supporting this! So disappointed
Agree with you..
#FullRepeal
Dont let @SpeakerRyan get away with this Trickery!  
@POTUS   needs to keep his word!!
Meet with @realDonaldTrump now .... he is fair and open to your input.
Stop being an obstructionist, Rand.   Support your party and focus on results
Looks Like You Fell Into A Case Of Michelob Lite. Is That Your New Party? The Conservarives? & Yall Are Sodomites, You'll Take It.
@CNN BREAKING NEWS:
@RandPaul Stumbles-Upon, Reads #PaulRyanDontCare Bill, Has Stroke
Why do you hate taxpayers so much that you refuse to give us the same healthcare you receive and that WE pay for with our taxes?
you need to get regular people into this process. Pols always botch things. Docs, insurers, patients of all kinds. Beyond Beltway
Did you mean 'conservatives,' because that's not how you spell conservatives.
he promised repeal! Hold him to his promise. We just need choices and no one refused. Job is done. No government healthcare!
even if u look at it from a moderate point of view, this #TrumpTrojanHorse does nothing to lower premiums or deductibles
The only MD who has done the #RESEARCH is : @aaronecarroll /   #singlepayer lowers costs by increasing pool w/o private mandate
it will be alright work together and #REPUBLICANS OWN THAT BABY!
@SpecialKMB1969 get 'em Rand!
@F1Suzy apartment... if she was on medicaid Medicare she would still be living nope... so he who has money sits on an incubator...
@F1Suzy has had a broken neck for two years. bleeding from the ears for at least 4... she pays 6000 a month in rent for a private
@F1Suzy here is a story grandma is retired school teacher... husband a chemist for Monsanto... middle class family... she is 103?
@F1Suzy it's alinsky's plan...
Rand have a lot of respect 4U. Its time for the Repubicans to get this done. Its a start. Time to SU, go 2 work.
You have to make sure you put in something so that STATES can't make their OWN mandates as that will KILL choice again!
Inconsequential politicians make noise, make money, accomplish nothing.

#MAGA
everyone has a price and we know what yours is. Trump is gonna play you like a cheap violin.
I agree. We were promised a repeal and nothing less will do @POTUS
please get all like minded congressmen to stop this bill.NO GOV IN HEALTH CARE AT ALL, PERIOD.Go bk to way it was b4 O ruined it!!
Get the pharma import ban lifted, then we can talk.
"no more half-measures, Rand"
@realDonaldTrump dont rush into this ObamaCare replacement. Get it right even if it takes a bit longer than expected!
carry the flag Rand!!!!
you don't like you're own parties plan, so you decided to give it a label that places blame on Obama.  Typical.
Shame on you for not protecting Americans from the CIA & NSA.  Not a word from you?  What will you do?
@crismontrees No government run heathcare PERIOD Keep up the fight
- The House GOP doesn't seem to understand a simple word like REPEAL!
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @EricTrump #FullRepeal
I hope to god they don't it. Trump PROMISED repeal and replace. This new plan is garbage obamacare still, and left +right hate it
Why??
@gato_danger Tell you what Rand. You don't vote for it and we wont vote for it, temp detente .
Senator Paul, please don't let this pass. This is not why the people gave the Republicans control of House, Senate and WH
NOT Obamacare lite! This is TRUMPCARE! HE OWNS THIS DISASTER !
@docdhj Sen Paul, I hope the entire GOP will lead by example and work cohesively w your colleagues to make it better MAGA
I stand with Rand, #trumpcare STINKS
THANK YOU.  #PaulRyanIsASnake
whoopsie, you Trumped this one Rand
#conservarives
Include the requirement that all Federal Employees/Politicians need to be enrolled in this healthcare plan. Then I will trust it.
I expect you to stand up against this nonsensical smoke screen for making Aetna & others rich at the expense of poor Americans.
@docdhj At least be positive.
It's a joke. And it goes to show where the lobbying money is going. Repealing a tax on healthcare execs making over 500k.
@hectormorenco It's not what @POTUS or the people wanted!
Totally agree 
Don't let it pass, it's not what we were promised!
Rather than try to "fix" O-care& #Obamacarereplacement ,REPEAL-Then improve free mkt access-Buy across state lines, for starters!
well then Senator go fight for the right plan for us instead of talking about it.
Repeal your own healthcare. HANDS OFF MINE!!
talk directly to the president! I like what you say! Why are you left out of the conversation??!!
The CEOs of insurance companies LOVES the new healthcare because they will draw between 15-17 million dollars in salaries!!
well do something about
Where in #constitution is health care found? #RinoCare is  #obamacarelight. Looks like @SpeakerRyan is #Boehnerlite. #FullRepeal
PAUL RYAN IS A DEMOCRAT
Mr. Paul, we agree. Shut this down. The house plan is horrible.
Stick to your rhetorical Guns Senator Paul.

#StandWithRand
THE BILL LOOKS LIKE NANCY PELOSI WROTE IT
NO MORE OBAMANATION DOESN'T CARE!!!  U.S. AGREES WITH SENATOR PAUL!!!
I trust that this is just a starting point and that Republicans can come together and negotiate the right health insurance system.
Yeah Rand, so you and the @freedomcaucus want to have more "discussions" on a replacement.  More talk.......
you're right - we don't like it - many of us who had insurance were destroyed with obamacare - please rewrite
Thank you for saying NO to Obamacare Lite. Total repeal and replace is our only option. Stick to your guns! You have support.
I suggest you universal healthcare advocates watch Ted Cruz mop the floor with Sanders in the CNN debate on the issue...
I don't need the gubmint holding my hand to purchase health insurance. I've shopped it myself for years. F the stupid people.
it really hurts you that your services might not always cause financial ruin to the patient
or that some may die bc they Dr too 
your friend Donald Trump says you love the new bill
@cultcommoncore Agree
!!!what are they thinking? This is not what we asked them to do, no gov. healthcare
I was afraid that might happen. Time to really communicate with our elected representatives.
@JohnJHarwood So the only thing that will satisfy your masters is to strip 20M ppl of health ins. and see bankruptcies skyrocket.
Thankyou Rand. This outline is crap. Better to do nothing.
let's hope so!!! We need to make sure this crap gets blocked. This is NOT what Americans voted for
Sorry sir, she's a "C"
I'm so disappointed in the GOP,  8 years and this is what they come up with, why did they not go with the fantastic bill you had
How many Repubs do you think will break with Trump over this? And why not just repeal & let insurance companies sell across state lines?
You all need to stop bickering and govern or you will return to the minority party.  All of you are giving me heartburn
I sure hope you're right. Many Dems might vote for it tho, seeing how it's still mandated.  For many, this is a "Last Stand on Earth" issue.
Full repeal doesn't need any Dem votes and can be done with the Budget resolution. That's what was promised.
Yes, agreed - should have already been done & over with. Paul Ryan's no different than John Boehner.  Trump's falling in w/ the Rino's - sad
You and other Repubs must work together and pass a decent bill of we Repubs will vote all of you out. Get your act together.
6 years to put it together! You republicans are your own worst enemies!!
so far you've been great at saying what isn't good, yet have not proposed a plan you believe is better and will work #DoYourJob
Can they not get a plan in place for a full repeal? They have nothing better than Obamacare Horror plans? Not acceptable!
fine, then let Obamacare collapse.
save us Rand
Fight this horrible Obamacare lite! It is such a betrayal of what was promised.
Trump Lite will be a bad thing!
why are all republicans NOT  sitting down in a room and working on this together
Complete repeal is the way to go!  No bail outs or subsidies for Insurance or drug Companies.  Tort reform to limit $ lawsuits!
Thank you!
It is time that politicians stop BUYING votes by making promises that they expect OTHERS to fulfill.
Heard the same thing about the Omnibus!!
Stand firm Senator!  Wish you were my Senator
@edgeoforever LIFE TIME LIMITS?! CRAPCARE 45
That's even worse.
Unfortunately, it appears the numbers of actual conservatives is far fewer than those who claim the mantle.
@14pointsofview #FullRepeal do not let it pass if it is not #repealobamacare Hold their feet to the fire Make them keep promises
fight the good fight Sir
compromise
maybe listen to the people and not yourselves for once. Personally just give it back to the states and stay out of it
Republican leadership is worthless. They promised repeal to get elected, but don't have the courage to take away any freebies.
stop whining because they didn't pick *your* idea. Take your ball and go home like a big boy.
keep up the good fight Rand! We support you.
@GOP Then go for it. Make it right. We voted you in. Thank you.
@WalshFreedom 
Right Paul it's not going to work until you take away insurance from the old and sick. That's the Republican way.
it had better not pass!!
will you be on the insurance plan that you're proposing or (as usual) are you proposing something that will never effect you?
Please get in there and fight to WORK IT OUT. Don't become a mockery for the media. Show us all that you mean smart business.
@JBaker31826004 its a RINO bill from RINO republicans and should be referred to as Rinocare.
Full repeal. Free Market. Period. Keep on em Sir!!
@JohnJHarwood C'mon. Conservatives taking massive deficits, Russia love. Have been gutless to date. Think that will change?
@JBaker31826004  After 8 yrs this is what those morons come up with. I Don't think @realDonaldTrump ran on RYANCARE!
@D_B_Harrison I just got the FBI/NSA decrypted deepstate leak of the real message here: not enough middle class pain w/ this bill
Correct. WE ARE NOT GOING TO TAKE IT!
totally for full repeal! Are you listening congress???its what we've been asking for.#FullRepeal
How can you call yourself a christian when your only goal is to take away health insurance to those of us that make minimum wage?
@JBaker31826004  You all need to prove you can do what you've been preaching for 6 years!  Bickering could break the trust.
INTELLIGENT INFORMED AMERICAN PEOPLE WILL NOT TAKE IT. DITCH THE ENTIRE MESS. NO SUBSIDIES, NO MANDATES.
then offer suggestions to fix instead of just bitching.
DOA.... Americans don't want this, Period...
Conservarives. 
