NOT ONLY BECAUSE OF THAT but I agree with you Sabrina ! seems like it doesn't
makes me wonder about him. and MCcain well, we all know what he is
a lot more dredging required...he's at the very bottom
Also we are the ones who should approve or dissaprove of raises . TO me, it's as if they are on "POLITICAL WELFARE"
It was repeal and replace. You had nine years to take care of this problem. And all you did was screw around. What's your excuse Rand Paul.
@POTUS is not a democrat president. Democrats would have kept ACA and raise taxes higher and not create jobs plus 500k refugees & illegals
You were doing great, right up until the fake stuff.
No she actually ran on lowering middle class.  Trump said Hillary was raising them.
She said it on national TV during the debate.
https://www.hillaryclinton.com/briefing/updates/2016/10/11/hillary-clinton-announces-new-details-of-middle-class-tax-cut-plan/ …
Are you guys Do is  talk about replacing the Obama care but you never do nothing about it get it done
I agree with you Senator. Go ask those Senators who failed me. Yes me. My premium is now as much as my car payment 
Mine is higher! We had to drop the "Family" policy because it was just too much!
Terrible Cindy. I could afford my policy before Obamacare at $167.00 a month now it's 387.00!! . Not sure how to fix
We were in the same boat; then our family policy went to over $2,000/month -- no way could we afford that. So much for the save $2,500 lie!
What??? Who can afford that?! I'm so mad at those Senators. Ridiculous . Lazy. They've had 7 years to come together #fail
That's why I say get rid of health insurance companies. They are not worth the subsidies. They get between you and your doctor. Free market.
I'm really get sick of Rand Paul.

God help us! It's going to take our "POTUS" more than 8 years to drain that swamp, and stop all the corruption going on in Washington.
I "DO NOT" think the insurance companies should get a pay off either. Why can't someone explain the whole deal to us, "The Deplorables"?
Now wait a moment people... Why should we have to pay the insurance companies $180,000,000,000.00(BILLION) DOLLARS, to repeal Obama care?
Repeal, then replace, clock starts ticking when repeal is done
When are you guys going to repeal and replace Obama care can't you guys get your shop together and do the job that you paid for, come on
Repeal it!!!  Just talk talk talk, Rand....
Uh no remember the polls .. Republicans wanted to repeal Obamacare but keep the Affordable Care Act..
Hes NOT part if the swamp! The Freedom Caucus is the only  following The Constitution. He's taking a brave stand against socialism
Rand Paul is right
Rand Paul instead of working together it has to have ur name on it question y
You did not win on that. You won because of the lies you sold to make Ocare look bad. The table just turned. Enjoy your mess!!!
We are tired of you being an obstructionist
Repealing...YES.  Not reviving Ocare II Taxation Law.  Regulatory compliance with no TAX.Sav Account ie Silver Plan and cheap 100$ mo 10k
If tramp president for the US kiss America goodbye
YUP I thought it would go this way. I am praying for Sen. McCain, but I just new that there was going to be a vote!
Ophthalmologist ain't too smart apparently
The senators opposed are traitors and may they get voted out soon. Turn democrat and be retarded
All I can say Mr.Senator is We have a long Memory.#DrainTheSwamp
Rand Paul is my hero
GOP Senators keep your promises or don't expect to be Senators next election! Back our President! President Trump and his agenda!
Term limits for everyone.
No u didn't , u didn't win because of that in that time it wasn't bad u found a few people and made it sound the whole world crashing down!!
No your not u have to re open with Hillary due to the fact ur fighting back WHATS UR PROBLEM U PEOPLE SHOW EXTREME HATRED TOWARDS OBAMA SAD!
Dr. Rand is correct ... do not subsidize insurance companies.
Republican,s need to step up an do  as they were put in office to do. Voters are paying attention
They are dragging this out like the fake Russian investigation. I want their insurance!!!!
Those of you who pound of Paul sound like Democrats and (Fabian) socialists... wake up!  You are feeding the swamp!!!
So get off your asses and do something for America !
63 MILLION AMERICANS ELECTED YOU!
WE GAVE YOU THE HOUSE, SENATE & WH!

7 FREAKIN' YEARS!!!!

NO ACA REPEAL? 

YOU'RE FIRED!

NOV IS COMING!!
You go Rand !!!!! Keep fighting for us THANK YOU!!!!
So what are you doing? You're working for yourselves, not on the behalf of us. You're all acting like Democrat's. Grow up!
McConnell says they will vote repeal only because he knows it will be defeated. He has no balls at all.
We the Republicans are just so fed up with the lying over and over and over time to start voting people out
And for Paul Ryan he needs to step down and resign he's a Democrat and he always will be next year you going to be losing seats
Keep your promises!!
You guys just lie every time your elections up just to keep your seat when you know darn well use will never give us what we need
Ron Paul you the man even though you're a Democrat you are right flush Obamacare like the piece of s*** it is
True Reps ARE for repealing Obamacare BUT they care more about taking Trump down! 
@hectormorenco @POTUS needs to listen to this man @RandPaul
#Repeal now You r the only one telling us the truth Stand firm People will "replace" in 2018
Correct.  They need to get it together
Can you remove the Insurance Industry Lobbyists from Washington at the same time?  That would solve lots of problems.
It's simply Medicare (welare) expansion.  The hypocrites who won't repeal only are the traitors.
I'm proud of Rand, Lee and the other Conservatives.   This bill sucks and it would not help a thing.  I like Trump but this sucks.
what really in bill anyway? too many diff stories. whats true?
what does this mean? plz expain. do we still have ins. or not. VERY CONFUSED. we need to know more. affects us , right?
We knew healthcare is complicated that is why we are so discouraged with you why would you attempt to change healthcare w/o Dr Ben or nurses
The people here that think Rand is the problem are only demonstrating how shortsighted and dim-witted they are.
You're right Rand. We did.
Dear senator: in military some items not COTS but made at huge expense to win.  That bailout fund is there to save lives (same analogy).
So why are you holding them back?  You are part of the problem as everything has to be your way or else
You actually won because a majority of white-trash showed up believing their Jew-Hating, Racist, anti-immigrant candidate would actually win
The fact is the majority didn't want Obamacare repealed, only tweaked!
Then keep your promises!
Really when? We won because we are tired of the status quo politicians with their personal agendas
The insurance companies are up over 60% because of Obama care. The greedy whore Republicans don't want repeal they profit too much off of it
Need to set-up a committee to address healthcare now, to prepare for 2 yr. process of repeal.
Rand Paul acts like he is Senate Majority Leader. What an ass.
Well, there's a "gap" somewhere in the Republican Party.. a few people who need to get with the program.  Someone didn't get the message
Republicans that now refuse to repeal after 7 years of repealing, are sorry, lying, gutless sacks of 'democrats'!
GOP is just as bad as Dems, need a party that isn't caving to lobbyists
Force the house & senate to buy the same health care they give the American people...we will have GREAT HEALTH CARE!
@RandPaul gets it
#TaxationIsTheft
WANTED: Kentucky statesman who will work to make America and Kentucky great again. Must not be a career politician. DITCH MITCH
Goodbye to him John McCain and Lindsey Graham they have been nothing but thorns in the side of GOP progress. Let's vote them out
You are 100% lying. Trump said REPEAL/REPLACE every time he discussed health care; voters spoke. You've destroyed 2016's gains. Congrats.
If you don't repeal Obamacare, look for a real job after 2018 elections. We have had it with you not working for we the people!!!
Whe you have them by the balls, their hearts and minds will follow.
Yet you did not do it @RandPaul
What part of, THAT'S NOT GOOD ENOUGH, do you not understand? If you can't do your job you deserve to be fired!
RINOS pathetic! Big problem. TERM LIMITS.
I decided to get to know your point better because for now you are a trouble maker to me.
What do u plan to do about this mess now Rand? The Repub Senate is a joke &Americans constantly get screwed becz of all of u! Disgusting!
@RandPaul should get his rest in gear, get on board & make this happen right now!
Since there are 4 Republicans who won't vote repeal it cannot happen unless a Dem comes out of the woods & will vote repeal (very unlikely).
It happens when RINO's act like Clinton's and "triangulate" for individual power.
sounds like @RandPaul cannot work with the GOP to get the new health care plan passed
Take note of those who vote against this ....they are anti American and need to go
You will also be out of a job soon for working with the democrats!
What's the matter with you guys? Need the gov out! Stop looking for us to pay 4 u#MAGA
Sick n tired of hearing Republicans talking about repealing and replace. Blah blah blah
You all told us that you were going to repeal and replace Obamacare and you had six years to figure it out. This is what you came up with?
We're going to support your Challengers. Anyone not supporting repeal and replace is going to lose their job. American people are angry.
There's just no excuse. Vote for it. We gave you the house the Senate and the POTUS and you're embarrassing us. We look stupid. Unacceptable
Just do what you were hired to do or be replaced. You had six years if this was the best you idiots could come up with then just vote for it
Rand is absolutely right. @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP ran on lies while they supported and continue to support DEMON obama.
Ronald Reagan: "If you got seventy-five or eighty percent of what you were asking for, I say, you take it and fight for the rest later"
So tired of your BS Rand....2015 bill doesn't repeal...just defunds.  YOU KNOW you can't repeal obamacare! You just SAVED obamacare, own it!
Listen all Americans STOP COMPLAINING about Obamacare- try our NHS in UK! Nightmare. And we pay tax! Get over it
#Disingenuous 

2015 "Repeal" wasn't a repeal. At least be forthright...you owe us honesty.
Exactly we will be voting out some rino republicans
@RandPaul @SecPriceMD why don't you come together since both of you were in the medical field & create a new ACA
Healthcare was not the ONLY reason. Figure it out Mr. Obamalite my way or highway.
Politics is a game to too many.  Elections is how they win and power, fame/money is the grand prize pkg.
Yup. So where r they now?
Rand you started a movement and now it goes nowhere.
The voters have spoken and we'll keep on speaking at the polls
Punish those who lied. Vote the
out. Typical polititians. Weed em out

With all due respect you have been causing most of the problems.
It will be you everyone remembers as the spoiler .  Your ideas are good for reform but idea to vote against the party will destroy you
Paul Rand's state of Kentucky would have the second highest percentage of people becoming uninsured under BCRA (TrumpCare) than under ACA
Senator you lost. You're not President. Get in line on the vote. Then go to work doing your job making laws to fix the broken HC system.
Paul, shit or get off the potty
@txcelat
NO!!! They ran on Repeal AND REPLACE!!!!!  REPLACE!!!! Typical Republican bait and switch!!! Bad! Liars! Screwing Americans! AGAIN!!!!!
Rand Paul needs to be voted out or join the Democratic Party he's an obstructionist.
So you would vote to eliminate medicaid from Kentucky
looks like you r in love with press camera. You r turning me against supporting Republicans. Work with Trump

Please, swallow your pride and agree with this HC bill. My cousin is a surgeon at Mayo, MN and knows this is good and can be tweaked. 
You won elections because of Obama hatred, which was fueled by racism and hateful rhetoric from so-called conservatives.
He's one of the only ones that is....
And yet, the GOP has done nothing. Middle-class Americans suffer financially because of Obamacare and the GOP does nothing!
Here's why many in @gop won't vote for repeal: for 7 years you whined had no plan new plan hurts too many people mean spirited hurts in 2018
Show us your plan.
It's time to spend less time at the salon and on TV, Randal. We pay your salary; let's see some progress on healthcare.
No. You did not win elections because of that. A Con con-ed the country, now is con-ing you. Get over it. SAD!
He is soooooooo right ! What the hell is going on with these republicans ? Are all in the pocket of insurance companies ? Must be
Was never for ACA. Now it has created an entitlement. Dems got what they wanted. Now you can't take it away. JUST REPEAL THE DAMN THING.
I'll remember those who said the right things, then behaved differently once given the chance to do as they promised. Pure repeal.
Thank you sir, for reminding the rest of Congress that We the People elected them to repeal the ACA.
Better get your act together GOP or your losses will be significant next election.  You are playing with your futures.
Stop playing semantics and do your job or would you rather I sit on a fence and debate what my CO ment when he tells me to engage the enemy
Pass a law then worry about reforming the problem within the healthcare system.  That's your job.
Be a team player senator
U said u support #trump on Russia bc u want to repeal ACA with no replacement. U have no morals sir. Millions will be left w/out healthcare
Sen Paul - if ur family struggles to get ins co's to pay the bills, go after the ins co's! Private for profit ins co's are a part of problem
Vote YES on the ACA! We the People want this change! We put you in office and we can take you out of office! Wake up!
That's right RP. If the don't nest elections will not be good for Rs.
Republicans must stick to their word and promises with regard to the failed ObamaCare. What is holding it back? REALLY holding it back!
Now what do we do.... Now that we uncovered the RINOs in our Senate??
Those who are standing in the way of repeal and replace will be repealed and replaced next election if they don't start getting things done.
Thanks for standing up for Freedom and Limited Government!!
I wouldn't be the senator or rep who doesn't vote to repeal. We need to start challenging the RHINOs again with actual conservatives like RP
Rand is one of the few in government that I trust.  True small government conservative libertarian. #StandWithRand
He is absolutely correct.  Looks like lack of intestinal fortitude
Repeal and replace. That's what everyone including the President has said. In one hour of each other Trump screamed.
Full repeal!  No replace.  Stop propping up bloated Insurance & Fat Pharma!  Public shame for any opposing.
I thought you were for fixing it?
RAND PAUL had got to go in 2018!!!!RandPaul you use Obama care and then talk to the American People
Rand not your fault.   Trump should have never supported the pharma insurance company bill the senate cane up with
Your right
They don't understand.   Repeal the replaced is essentially penned by pharma and insurance co.   People don't get that
No you won the election because you sold the country, democracy and decency to Russia. Remember Hilary got more votes.
So true! All of the Republican platform promises need to be passed ASAP! Including reinstating Glass-Steagall! GOP ran on no nonsense!
Rand Paul is not interested in compromising or governing. He just wants to look special by saying NO all the time. Looking to run for #Potus
You sir are very selfish and uncaring person.Knowing people may die with no healthcare .shameful
Strip all the BS from Rand Paul & @SenMikeLee  & their #HealthcareBill vote is exactly like Chuck Schumer's.
#Rand Paul- full repeal Obamacare now
Leadership. American people need
some. Know anywhere we can get it?
Fulfill campaign promises.
#45MAGA
We're going to have to ask repealers to quietly replace it line-by-line, and then repeal it.
Repeal or the tax is going to hurt us
I think it will show when the ones holding out don't get re-elected.
Republicans that do not repeal Obamacare should be replaced.
Trump won the election, because we Americans were fed up & wanted change.
#Americanpeople want gov't and #MSM to support @realDonaldTrump - if they don't they will be replaced regardless of party or business.
We know #Democrats don't know why @realDonaldTrump won AND-its becoming apparent @GOP @GOPChairwoman doesn't either. That'll cost the party.
Senator @RandPaul - I'm beginning to think yours is just about the only "voice of reason" - NO PERKS wrapped inside any legislation.
And now you will loose it.
Were you honest when you beat up Obamacare last 7 years. If it is truest bad why is it hard to get rid of it.
U were elected to LEAD! U r part of the swamp!
If ur not PARTY OF TRUMP, ur on notice: PRIMARIES
We will see you at the polls in 2018 traitor Rand Paul! This proud retired American Retired Veteran Republican is mad and angry!
And you're going to lose them because you didnt.
It will be interesting to see who voted for repeal in 2015(knowing Obama will Veto it-no risk for you) and now will not vote.
Epic failure, so far, to step up with a repeal and replace solution. 7 yrs to develop a replacement & nothing done. Senators have own agenda
Republicans need to get back to supporting the proper role of government, which DOES NOT include health care. Repeal or we will replace.

And now is the time to deliver!
Rand is tireless. We're lucky to have him. I'm thinking we have a repeal next week. Then it has to go back to the Rep House. Then the WH.
Correct we need to fire the traitors Enough clown service were PO wake the hell up and work or get the hell out and let a worker get it done
