I go to school & work full time. I also have Lupus. @RandPaul if I loose my insurance, you will make me a medical refugee.
evidently you haven't been listening!
how so? Have you heard @RandPaul or any Republican say anything worth listening to about preexisting conditions?
You would not be denied insurance. Also, I do hope you get well soon.
no it's impossible without a mandate because healthy people subsidize the cost of the sick.
read the Supreme Court ruling and you'll see @RandPaul is lying his fake Christian butt off.
what ruling is that?

what you are talking about is how it worked before obamacare. nothing new same old bs.
not true. More consumer empowerment, more competition, no pre-exist cond. denial if maintain insur
no preexisting have been around since 2010 Before the ACA rollout in 2013!The costs are the issue
not really. If change job, denied. If chronic sick, insurance co. raised rates
so a couple thing stay. Still doesn't deal with high costs.
what do u suggest to deal with costs?
stop allowing big bonuses to administrators at hospitals (some up to 1.6 Billion) stop paying 1/3
2/3
Insurance companies and pay directly to groups such as "dignity health"or Mercy care. Reduce
does it cover pre-existing? Will kids be able to stay on parents insurance until 26? Will it cover the needy?
No, no, and no. It covers nothing and takes away everything. Return to pre-ACA.
Cheryl, you need to clean out your ears and listen.
Look at what the bill says not what they say. Talk is cheap and their lies cheaper
The bill isn't public yet, hell even Sen Paul can't see it!
First off insurance companies have totally gotten off the wall with their premiums. Cost have soared for years.
Kinda like it, I'd like to hear more from Dr. Rand Paul !
We can make our own decisions.Just unleash free mkt X state lines.Pre-exist got pushed into Medicare ALREADY.
Interesting idea, basically allowing for the return of the friendly societies of yore.
so many doctors will not except partial or catastrophic insurance policies.They have to consider this as well.
let's keep Obamacare and get rid of Trump....
you can move to Canada and get health care and be rid of Trump
. Or get rid of paul
@Chris11962 @RandPaul @edhenry PAUL AMERICANS ARE ENTITLED TO THE SAME INSURANCE AS YOU AND CONGRESS - THAT IS HOW THIS STARTED
Liking @RandPaul content and style more and more.
.  Oh, me, too!  He is a steadying force for the right.  We need that...just as much as we need Trump
BRAVO SEN. PAUL!
17.6% of GDP. 2.5X more than average costs by country. Healthcare is not delivered in an manner efficient. 1of2
2of2 ACA failing the paradigm is making maximum profit not delivering instant efficient care for routine procedures.
Thank you @RandPaul for Explaining what you are saying. That goes a long way n helping Americans understand.

Rand, thanks for proposing a health care plan that further complicates our lives. Your plan won't work.
meeting with pelosi sorry you and McCain are traitor's
I may have missed it, but don't believe I heard @RandPaul mention competition across state lines? @edhenry
if the healthcare plan is not good enough for congressman and Senators then it's no good for American people
this as well needs to be addresses and many other benefits they incurred in office,need to be abolish
so many laws they passed for themselves as retirement,terms for senators,legislators,SupremeJustices.
I hope you have in there something that makes the doctors and the hospitals publish their prices
this.... and force insurance companies to streamline reimbursement
Ins fraud and abuse is a big part of the reimbursement problem
some docs cheat...all insurance companies make it difficult to get paid
this I know to be true.
.@FoxNews @DonnaWR8 @RandPaul @edhenry That sounds like a good plan!
what good is a health savings account if you don't have the money to put in it in the first place
. I haven't  heard or seen anything  on new medical coverage. So I can't say anything.
All just smoke n mirrors because POTUS 44 made The Greed Over People look like the inept Tbags U R. DO YOUR JOB
We're getting screwed out here w/Obamacare w/our skyrocketing premiums & crap coverage.What r u doing about it?
what abt ppl that don't pay taxes? tax credits won't work!!!
if you want to make the insurance companies compete make the doctors and hospitals compete also
now this is a fantastic idea!
@efderose @RandPaul @edhenry OK better but still, "we let you" triggers me after decade's imposition of big ideas by leftist hacks
I've always trusted Sen Paul's ideas mostly. Very smart man and I would've voted for him as Pres tbh
there's some good ideas here, let's be sure combine with the good parts of the ACA to included everyone!
Big tax cuts for the wealthiest citizen. ACCESS to a plan.Pre-existing illness gets put in unaffordable pool.
ACA was GOPs version anyway. Dems wanted single payer but GOP screamed "socialism" to scare everyone. Remember?
Plan? What plan? We ain't got no steengking plan! In the end it'll be the same ACA but just called "Trumpcare".
A plan that takes away health coverage from millions is bad!Save preexisting conditions,woman equal to men,caps!
It's funny Rand is trying to fix things and do his job.Then you have Graham and McCain obstructing Soros $ deep.
Hands off my Obamacare!
regulations. RAND PAUL IS A TRAITOR
rand Paul is the latest sen.  to sell out to trump.. Wait til the next coalmine explosion because of cut
you misspelled your name, it should be FAUX NEWSLESS, the GOP propaganda machine
what is your plan for the low and no income? Yes, they need better jobs, but what is your plan in the meantime?
; listening to you on ABC This Week - not a Trump  supporter but applaud your forthrightness & substantive talk
it is neccessary. Too expensive.
Perfect Getter Done 
We the People, gave you congress, senate and a new POTUS . STOP TALKING ABOUT IT AND REPEAL OBAMACARE
HOW ABOUT TELLING CONGRESS OF US WHO HAD TO DROP OUR UNAFFORDABLE INS BUT STILL PAYING FOR OTHERS INS
The plan to replace ACA must help all people especially the poor and less fortunate, the aging & disabled.
Make it clear that having health INSURANCE does not guarantee access to HEALTHCARE!
Keep putting $$ into pockets of wealthy insurers.Covering pre-existing conditions is most important part of law!
@realDonaldTrump
FIFY @RandPaul https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf … #Obamacare #FullRepeal @GOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr DO @RandPaul plan
Put plainly it benefits the rich, takes away requirements for decent insurance and guarantees medical bankruptcy
has a replacement in hand. @congressorg
rand is smart! Like him!
What about paying physicians for outcomes, instead of pay-for-service?
How about incentives to get ppl to stop smoking, overeating? Get them to exercise?
Will ur plan provide cov for preventative care, like yearly exams & colonoscopies, which save $?
What abt requiring insurance companies to spend 80% of premium income on actually paying claims?
What about preexisting condition coverage? Annual and lifetime maximums?
People have to be able to afford HSAs. Older ppl in catastrophic plans have no preventable cov.
if he keeps EVERYONE able 2 get insurance & kids stay on parents insurance is OBAMACARE. That's ACA foundation
when people say "Repubs have no plan" Ron Paul has a plan
@6FTDWN edhenry anything is better than what was u got to pass it before reading it Please save the USA from the hordes
KY gets polluted water, 200 coal jobs for a heartbeat, and NO healthcare for black lung. Good work, inbred state
#StandWithRand
One of the brightest people in politics.
If unrestricted,associations r great idea.If allowed 2 cross state u get single national pool,enormous barg powr
OK deals with 1000s of groups, or, now here me out, we make ONE association of 300000000 people to leverage the BEST deal
I rather have Rand Paul plan than Ryan's plan so let your politicians know
it needs to be Completely repealed !
The politicians keep talking health savings...how? make too much for Medicaid but not enough to pay water bill
God takes issue w/ Viagra 4 erectile dysfunction, right? Not just birth control? R u God's official spokesman?
I want Healthcare to be affordable.Get rid of intermediaries. Make free-market.Price of healthcare is artificial
Address pt ability to negotiate with providers.  Medicare does not allow...make it true free market..not pretend
Great Job, Senator! Keep moving forward on this. It's time to get it done!
single payer or nothing....
amazing all the previous candidates now have the answer. #randpaulunamerican
Can we please stop calling it "Obamacare?" It makes me nauseous.
We weren't ready for Ron Paul.  But we will be ready for Rand Paul.
also need to make sure pre existing conditions are covered
easier too let everyone die, or provide the same health insurance that u get from tax payer dollars #uglyfuck
is his bill posted online somewhere for puplic to see?
You're very impressive Senator Paul!  I haven't followed politics n 20 years! Until Now that is #KeepItUp #MAGA
It would be great to get an inexpensive, high deductible plan! @FoxNews @RandPaul @edhenry
1stwellness care thru grocery store clinics 4 annul check up,shots meds etc on a sliding scale,2nd catastrophic
I like every part of that, but it doesn't cover those that are not working. Need expanded medicaid.
Obamacare. We can be both conservative and compassionate.  I bet your grandmother died with dignity. Do that.
Another @GOP lie to the American Public
we will see. Would like a chance to read the bill this time around.
How about a national pool of participating insurers, uniform coverage, percentage of payroll deduct for premium
how does it protect children and pre-existing conditions? #resist
I have catastrophic insurance now under aca(obamacare)It is not illegal sir 2 of your 3 points are incorrect
coupled with the new Secretary (both doctors), they can fix healthcare system. "GET THE HELL, OUT OF THE WAY!"
I'm afraid that HEALTHCARE FREEDOM would be the GOP's undoing. Check out Germany OR Bernie Sanders.
Sounds like the way it used to be before Obamacare.
I BELIEVE RAND PAUL CAN HELP TRUMP BIG TIME !!
I LIKE HIM TO.MORE COMMON SENSE THAN MOST POLITICIANS
HEALTHCARE FREEDOM DOES NOT WORK, A SURE FAILURE TO OBAMACARE REPLACEMENT. WILL COST GOP IN 2018.
he better allow for cross state border selling to provide competition! Should never allow healthcare co to merge
So no job = no health care? Quality of care directly linked to income level? Kids get nothing? Cool.
You seem to be implying that that's an issue
READ IT EVERYONE. GIVE EVERYTHING A GOOD READ AND DISCUSSION
It is worrying that more politicians are not talking about changing to one national market.
Not sure if I'm buying it.... Sounds almost like ACA
Shouldn't we hear Trump's plan that he said he has first? That's what the people voted for. Let's see it.
Like him or not, @RandPaul is usually the smartest person in every room he is in.
This is why people don't like his plan is to complicated. We need single payer
Obama bankrupted america and made his doners  rich
we don't want you to repeal it. We want you to fix it and make it better. Your plan is worse and unaffordable.
Extremely Intelligent, clear, hardworking and determined to pusue right, just action! #Kentucty should be proud!
@William_J0nes @RandPaul @edhenry I like hearing about buying insurance in groups
Rand are we still pursuing the ability to purchase insurance across state lines?
offers real solutions to repair the mess created by #Obama. It makes a lot of sense.
Oh I get it - we trust the insurance companies to take care of us.
if people would save money towards health care we would not need insurance
One of the very few level headed Republicans.
who gets the interest off the health savings account!
Good Plan Rand!
it is a plan...
By not making "healthy" ppl get adequate insurance you are actually hurting the system, they pull up the rest
why is it the duty of healthy people to pay for the ill?
they are paying for their own coverage which pays for the unhealthy so it's a win win
YUGE improvement!! 
Rand's proposal will harm people at the lower income levels the most. I disagree with proposal.
unfortunately health care in the USA is overpriced. Pharma companies and hospitals exploit the situation
and then put the citizens of the. Country against each other. To have to go bankrupt to get treatment is immoral
This deserves another RT, but I'll just post this comment. #FullRepeal #FreeMarket #RealReform
great idea sen
@SheilaButt4TN @RandPaul @edhenry How does this help more poor as 45 said. Many can't afford to save in HSA? Expand Medicaid.
I love you do your job as a government employee. Now get it done.
the Paul's are like the Clintons, we are done with them, go sell freeze dried food or magic pillow
@TheVoiceOfPaulR @RandPaul @edhenry @RandPaul always has a plan. It's the rest of the @GOP shit bags that do nothing but promise.
Definitely worth looking at.  Liking what he is saying would like to investigate more.
Pretty much what we had before polosi & socialist liberals passed obamacare. Just needed to open the market.
will your plan also apply to self employed farm families with only one or 2 employees?
will that also help self employed farm families with only one or two employees?
where can I read your plan?
already then let's get this show on the road. Put those plan in action. No insurance right now premium hike 160%
the question is are there still going to be fine and jail time for not participating! That is communism!
#obamacare get govt guaranteed CC for easy payment plan... to 120 mo's like CC to pay OOP & deductible like FHA
this sounds too good to be true. I hope it can be done.
he's schizophrenic.
we want it repealed. Not replaced
No. Literally nobody wants that. You don't want children w/ disabilities to have heath insurance?
good put it out there
Excellent job Senator, keep it rolling.
like u but we LET U? Pick our my pln? Get out way. Free mkt is im offing you buy. Mak that tac right off
I like that! 
rand the man!
insurance isn't healthcare but catastrophic insurance is good this is close
This man should make an appt to speak with President Trump
I like Rand Paul.  Mainly because he is at least loosely supportive of the Pres. AND he's smart.  Double points.
Rand is brilliant Trump should listen
Trump has been.  It's Congress that has been ignoring him.
@winkiechance @RandPaul @edhenry Thank you Rand Paul
Hatch says you can't repeal Obamacare because kids need coverage to age 26. So that clause can't be used again?
sounds good - let's hope no-one comes along and vetoes this one :-)
I don't dislike Rand, but he's basically saying "It's Obamacare without the mandate." COSTS MONEY!
it's goin to back fire because if you don't have the money for full coverage or to cover what you need we died
tha going to back fire!!! You can't know what medical coverage you may need that's why it's insurance 
Still think some thing nearer to Obama Care
please make it happen so these liberals can eat their words
I like your plan, it's like the more applicants that get in a group(like cruise) cheaper pricesDiscuss w/Pres
.@FoxNews @RandPaul @edhenry Young women may not need cover for old age illness but do need pregnancy cover.
ER cover needed in all states
Government stay out of healthcare. Government running HC will never work look at the condition it's in today!
Do you support any gov regulation on insurance companies?
Or pharmaceutical companies?
Yes , cost of meds r significantly higher since Bush put his stamp on it.
medishare on steroids with a catastrophic addendum and let the insurance companies compete. #Freemarket
huh that's actually sounds Better then what my partners are using.
rand needs to be flexible and not so demanding of his way or no way
interesting, let people choose... nope won't work... lol
Ryan & Reince were evil to @POTUS you don't loose those feelingsI Don't Trust em
