Sen. Paul shouldn't be such a purist. AHCA has a HUGE net positive - he would be smart to take it and revisit issues he has with it later.
I've read it. Sen Paul is right.
I disagree. AHCA had certain aspects of it grossly mischaracterized; like I said - shouldn't be such a purist for the time being.
Have you read it?
Yes. And don't get me wrong I ABSOLUTELY agree that there are things wrong with it (e.g. more could be done to bring down premiums) but...
it's a GIGANTIC IMPROVEMENT from Obamacare - it literally GUTS Ocare and takes away its function but leaves structure (read Aristotle for...
But it doesn't address core problems leading to unnecessary horrific cost,gov subsidy to ins,gov/ins corporate practice of medicine...
This is where I disagree - if we end up with a system (i.e. AHCA) where there's a subsidy for those who can't afford health ins. to get --
wish I could believe you!  U @ FC R so ideologically pure, no solution will be good enough!
@freedomcaucus only grp fightn 2 put WTP n control & get govt outta hc. DEMAND UR RTS not accept left offer
dems!  We need to stop fighting w/each other & pass legislation...
Please push issue that we elected 2016 REP to change things first 1-2 yrs, worst, guaranteed First Term.WE were lied to if 4,8,10 yr results
@Jim_Jordan @TGowdySC @jasoninthehouse @AppSame @kellyannepolls... Common feeling of >50,000 VOTERS
Hope you can do this - we're counting on your smarts and negotiating skills   Toubsaid trump is listening - I hope so
You can do this! Work smart and get it done for the American people.
I really like Rand but am thoroughly disappointed in all of them.. especially the freedom caucus.
I think Rand is very persuasive , has good ideas, can compromise and he will get members to listen. Much smarter than Ryan
Totally agree. I wish he was the speaker.
I have to stop laughing about this. It hurts.
@freedomcaucus @POTUS
DEMAND @RandPaul hc plan! CAPITALISM FreeMkt & COMPETITION grp buy power! #POWER2WTP
#HonorPromises #FireRyan
#MAGA
with all respect to u Rand u& FC have no plan that can pass. U guys look disingenuous w/no intent w/passing anything
hc plan puts power n WTP hands.
Problem is 2 many RINOs #ResignRyan
We only get what settle 4! DEMAND MORE!
I must apologize to the freedom caucus.  I was slightly confused but it appears you guys are some of the only ones concerned with liberty..
Its over AH and you,the Feeedom Caucus,and Mod Rino GOP did this. Sen Cotton,MLee,and AH from Maine. GOP BROKE WORD!
Why should the freedom cau. support a bill that has subsidies, bailouts for healthcare, taxes on 1/2
Jake I like you. It was the best they could put under recon . SENATE AND TOM PRICE CLD HV MADE CHFES!
I like you too. What is CHFES? I didn't recognize that.
Sorry about that. CHANGES! THE GOP HAS MADE ITSELF LOOK BAD. MANY OF THESE PPLE WNT TO BE PRES.
I see. Price could make changes in 2nd phase. But the problem is if a democrat becomes president in 1/2
We need 60 Votes in Senate. If house and Senate qorks with him. We will have 60 and the Pres in 2020!
They could use nuclear option to end filibuster of health bill just like they should with Gorsuch.
You are 1 of a "FEW GOOD MEN"!

please please make it cross state lines!! It's ridiculous that you can't move if sick! Start over? Competition needed!!
I heard it's not over. Speak loudly Mr. Paul!!!! Do it for us!
much trust in Rand's judgment.
It had better not be over.  We DEMAND FULL repeal& free market, competition, and no gov't "replacement".
that's because Rand Paul is a simpleton
we do not buy it Rand.  All talk, no walk as usual for WA.
Well your majority leader seems to think it's now over
it's not, when all the insurance companies QUIT participating in the money losing program then something will change!
I think a clean repeal bill should be put before congress. Lets see who actually supports freedom and free markets.
are you willing to compromise at all???
why can't the house and Senate vote for the repeal bill from 2015?  It passed with complete support
Don't jeopardize your political career don't touch health care it's protected by 300 millions Amer, no chance for winning
, our good friend in Arizona.  Her Ins,  went up this month from 750.00 to 1860.00 dollars. She is a die hard dem mad mad
No he hasn't failed,  Dems have failed and soon will fail even more. , Election is on it's way.
Senator why do u believe that members of congress deserve better healthcare coverage than your constituents?
it's not over and it is fixin to be repealed
Not over for sure LOL! It's going to be so much better!
#StandWithRand
I have no faith in Paul Ryan Republican should I have something ready to go they've had 7 years 8 years
Keep up the fight! @tedcruz you too. @POTUS is getting very bad advice.
Honorable #Senator   @RandPaul assemble #libertarian #caucus @SenateGOP @TheDemocrats  #bipartisanship coalition, you can fix this!
it's only over for The @freedomcaucus, just killing ACA without installing a better plan will be a disaster in 2020.
when gov covers 75% they don't feel increases. $100 increase is only $25 to them. How about equality no special fed ins
how about start making all federal employees paying for their own obamacare. U don't cover 75% of it either.
who care's what you think Randy. you and daddy thought you could be Prez, WRONG!
It's over for you freedom idiots! Let's get some Dems on board now!!!!
wrong! So sick of your #PartyOfNo you'll regret this once the midterms come around 
-Repeal.  We do not owe healthy persons H/C.   Medicare for those indigent and catastrophic care for others.
correction-- Medicaid !
Only losers and posters would believe it's over. So get off ur asses and do the job.
Good to hear!
Have you ever watched the Poor, no house, no money, no foods? Continue Obamacare for the poor !
still living in lala land. He wanted the bill to fail. It did.
Put some action with that optimism, please.
Republicans have had 7 years to work on health care - let states be in charge, cut out all welfare ed/medical/no foreign law
@hectormorenco @RandPaul Leadership? 8 years to come up with a plan! #FireCongress 2018 
yours and Ryan's careers are over!
I hope so Dr. Paul but your track record doea not point toward success
better shut up for causing @POTUS to fail and laughed at by morons on left.
really hope you are right. This looks so bad for Republican party and will lose big in 2018
your play means the people are stuck with awful socialized medicine repubs look like lying fools, president crippled
No it's not over and Americans are not soon or easily going to forget this debacle or failure any time soon.
term limits.  Get of these guys
.@FoxNews @RandPaul Rand's calm statements sure beat everyone else's screams of blame on anyone who disagreed.
The day Trumph and Rand are standing together signing a health bill is the day I will have hope things will get better.
GOP can't do better than @POTUS44 for 8yrs and @realDonaldTrump and @TeamTrump together can't compare. CAN'T BUY CLASS
Of course its not over. Either a new plan that HELPS ALL AMERICANS or close loopholes & limits on insur/hosp profits now!
well I for one hope your Washington adventure is over if you can't do any better than this. You are ALL TALK NO ACTION
What's your bill?.  You're just opposng not bringng solutns.  It's all about power not the Am poepl.  Just like the Dems
it was mishandled. Poor leadership unwilling to compromise
Rand you have better chance of seeing a unicorn.
I am no longer optimistic and hope we pass term limits soon. Congress has become totally ineffective
... optimistic that rich people will get tax breaks at the expense of the poor? You really are a good person. POS.
You don't think this is overI thought you had a bill in waiting.
your a big disappointment. Shame on you
Fool, tool,.
-u know I have faith that w ur determination we can pull off this healthcare
It's over!
funny if it's not all his way and his buddy at freedom Caucus then he plays president
w/out Trump u have nothing.  His agenda won the election.  Work with him, PR and make something happen!
What??? @RandPaul lead charge to kill bill,  lives with Obamacare cuz freedom caucus had tantrum and couldn't get way! But now optimis 
because as we all know, you can only attempt to repeal a bill once. then you can never try again.
I hope you are correct.  Failure to improve healthcare is on you and fellow Repubs.  It's why you have Hse, Sen & POTUS.
Why doesnt Paul just start introducing small legislation to repeal Obamacare and see what happens? #Process
I am disappointed in the lack of support by Republicans, division is not good
put your plan on paper, make it so it can pass the house.  Stop being a roadblock!
how do you find a census if you can't see the rest of the story?
be like Patton,let the dems fall on their sword for principle, umarch forwardfor the people. Make something happen
you made it over
You don't think??!! Meanwhile people suffer this mess. If you were really working for the country, this would be fixed!
It is unless you and the Freedom Caucus give in to the Democrats.
I hope u realize how upset I am w/u & FC.  Please prove me wrong, and make something happen. GOVERN
Rand Paul, honour? The only honour he has is a BSC in idiocy. What a moron. Hope his electorate crucify him and his ilk
Honestly u & FC need to learn how to govern! U need to help move the ball forward! Be part of solution
Optimistic people are challenged by adversity to test their endurance and see how they react to success and failure.
Great idea - let's start this shit storm again Rt bfr midterm elections & rid congress of more useless GOP alt Rt  @FoxNews @RandPaul
Rand I see a group that can talk, talk, talk, no action! Honestly if everyone was like u & FC O'Care wii not go away
Go Rand!! Freedom loving Americans are with you !
YAY, I KNEW YOU WON'T GIVE UP ON OUR @POTUS THANX!! GET R  DONE 
Trump is smarter than all of them, he says I will talk to Dems and pass and that will scare FC they will be come back lol
just work on an initiative that goes beyond making happy the Fox News Crowd . Take your time please!!
If anyone to blame is RP. He had 7 yrs to make improvement to Obama Care. This shows that it's about RP, not the people.
exactly right
the damage u & FC have done to the Trump agenda is unbelievable. U need to be part of the solution, not ideologues
this guy is the reason we still have o care he should just shut up. He has done enough damage. He lies
...was the rising cost of healthcare/health Ins. NOT how to provide Gov. Health Ins to all. It is not a right!!!
"Replace" never meant w/more Gov. Hlth Ins. It meant with healthcare economic reforms The initial problem 2 b addressed..
Hell Charles Krauthammer said same, Freedom Caucus made a mistake.
...so ppl Don't loose health Ins., KABOOM, give em 18mo of Cobra-like coverage w/Gov. paying 1/2, then they r on their own
all repubs want the same major things.  Will never get everything u want!  Need to get this done. FC WORTHLESS
So no! what part of repeal,leaving millions uninsured,until you get 60 votes on a replacement plan do you and FC not get?
Just sit back and watch Obamacare crash and burn. #FullRepeal
Let's try to work together if it comes up again & keep your copier in your office!
President Trump met his campaign promise he tried to get health care addressed, no one wanted to work together. He's a
businessman, he is done messing with this, when Obamacare death spiral is complete maybe everyone will work together ?
Watch Bill Oreilly he said same thing I said. Get it passed!
Oh it's over for conservatives.  Over.
freedom caucus not for us, just $. we could of had relief & saved some babies. Hope that 30 pieces of silver was worth it
ur a loser give it up
With all uncertainties in our daily llife nothing bring comfort than watching politicians BS all over national TV, HEY we're living here#MDC
replaced only w/reforms, like removing barriers btwn states, tort reform, etc. But not Gov. Health Ins.!!! So that ppl..
#TrumpRussia Let's focus on the real issues here dammit!
how about a simple repeal.  Then let's go
Hope this will not be long.
we can't afford it, can we?
never talk about healthcare again.
I will bet it is over for the Freedom Caucus, new alliance with moderate Dems is being formed as we speak.  Bye Rand!
Great idea-just take the bill and cross out objectionable paragraphs to majority of conservatives and run with remainder
Although am Trump's biggest supporter, I agree with Rand Paul 100%. We the ppl want ACA repealed 100% & replaced only w..
U DON'T THINK DEM WILL WORK TO DO HEATHCARE BUT U THINK YOU CAN GET 60VOTES? CAN'T HAVE IT BOTH WAY'S
Its not your way or the highway @RandPaul . 80% is better than nothing, unbunch your panties! Change with or without You!
has a bill that needs serious consideration
but no consensus .. so what friggin good is that ??  He screwed all with his unrealistic,idealistic bs
POTUS trounced you Sen Rand and you're still not over it. Get on board.
I so hope you are correct.
Medicare for All Einstein. It's all our right. No more greedy rich guys making money off everyone's illnesses.
This is disgusting. Conservatives considered the bill objectionably generous. They & the bill are what's objectionable.
Not sure what world you live in but Paul was against the AHCA
Vin he was against TRUMP CARE only because he thought it was too generous. He's for no govt in healthcare. I'm 4 Medicare 4 all
not optimistic one children no they can do this will do it we need radical change O passed zero budgets doubled deficit
When are people going to actually look at his state? See what he has actually done for it. The man is a moron.
God, I hope you're right.....everyone I know is turning on Trump, the fake news isn't getting it, again
I hope so, the freedom caucus cares about their jobs.. meanwhile we're still paying for abortions and suffering.
As of this printing, there is no one qualified to be speaker of the house.....
I agree with Senator Rand Paul
Time to move on to other crucial matters in the US such as  tax reform, crime and drug abuse.
#trumprussia
Rand is the silent man on the inside.Every good businessman needs 1.I know UR going to slip your bill in next.Wellplayed
On what planet??!!! @SenateMajLdr you have some Senators that need to be replaced! Hope you can corral them
wouldn't be an issue if Republicans hadn't tried to undermine the ACA at literally every turn.
Took 8 yrs to screw up healthcare, & the liberal msm expects it to be fixed in 2 months...#smh
===Let it explode...move on to tax cuts for mid class and small business
What Bullshit you had chance to get it worked out Trump gave you a lot and you will always say no!
Don't you understand Obama Tax has to go, you don't replace it, you'll keep all the taxes&regs in place!
@potus I basically agree with you, BUT keep your fingers out of health care too! REPEAL ACA then send HC to  states!
Look up Conierge Healthcare! States need to determine hat to do with the NEEDY!
Good for Rand. Do your own bill in Senate soon with other docs. Unite with House Freedoms, repeal and replace.Beat Dems.
you blew it so many great reforms medicaid defund plant parenthood no money for abortions and you guys blew it joke
is a has-been. Out of touch. The American People who put you all in control COUNTED on you Case for #termlimits rt here
I agree with his assessment.  Trump needs to repeal it.  Gets Trump. Congress fight it out.
You must lead this effort because @SpeakerRyan is a traitor to the country and he deliberately introduced a crap bill. 
Waste of time
He's optimistic that after another seven years, they will have a slightly-less-terrible health care bill.
This nonsense in DC will never end until term limits are put in place. It's the only solution.
Rand may be the only guy not lobbying (net worth down)
Definition of "THIS"?
if it's over, you have failed to keep your promise!!!
He's one of the few who has kept his promise
not yet!!!!  Obamacare is still the law of the land!!!
not for long. Erase all trace of Obama! The sooner the better.
"I'm still delusional, actually."
