How about blocking people from seeing healthcare bill? What the hell is wrong with the GOP?
It's a draft. Which means "Not finished"
It needs to be released now while at the CBO being approved so experts in the Democratic Party can examine it.
We are also calling this a healthcare bill. It is NOT it's a tax cut for the 1%. The are playing with the welfare of the people.
To be more accurate, it is the waging of war against democratic voters, members of a different party than theirs.
There base will be hurt more. It is also against Trump's promise during his campaign.
Make no mistake, nothing he is saying matches what is showing up in these legislative bills.
He doesn't know what is in these bills. GOP taking full advantage.
Why arent you talking about shutting down Mueller. It was initiated out of corruption and manipulation. Comey. #ShutItDown
If there is nothing to fear for Trump why not let it keep going so he can be exonerated? Oh yea...He is guilty!
Because the Left is Criminal and cannot be trusted. Snakes! #MAGA
46 followers. Bot!
Excuse me???
Jake will love you since your going against Trump! Will not be watching the Trump bashing from the two of you!
Good one less trump troll to hear dribble from go get a scoop of ice cream
We will all b eating ice cream when #impeachTrumpnow happens! & popcorn! Lots of  with extra butter together #UnitedweStand #nastywoman
You mean the one your boy Trump went over there to secure?
And we want you 2 do your job 2 the country! You didn't take an oath 2 the president, you took an oath to us! We call for an investigation!
You owe it to the country keep your oath to protect & serve! We want this INVESTIGATION!!!!
Block the arm sale yes! Drop @realDonaldTrump collusion NO!!! Sometimes u seem to have brains but then u back peddle like #45!
You lost me at CNN
Why would you do anything w/ Jake or CNN? #RedFlag
Nope. CNN is never on at my house..

I already got fake news CNN blocked on my TV. No thanks.
Thanks be to God!!  #sanity
We probably should block all dealings with them until we get some answers as to what the Awan brothers stole from us.
I agree
WHY with CNN... Is this a joke???
How come u didnt make a big deal when crooked Obama/Holden sold arms deal to d drug cartels? So what Saudis hv killed ppl in Sharia's name?¿
WE CAN JUST SHOOT PAUL RYAN & CHUCKIE THE TWO WORST DEMOCRAT THEY ARE THEIR JUST DEPLORABLE
you could be president! keep it up! people are really so fed up with this Saudi oil & heroin addiction!
THE GOP can't agree on anything and can't get anything done. You all are all fired! Good-bye dividers!
YOU NEED TO SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT'S DECISOONS!!
Oh but you back Trump and think that he should be allowed a learning curve as president...remember...
20 million Muslim march against isis.  Did you comment?
thank you Sen. Paul 
I disagreed when Hillary and Obama gave away weapons  throughout the Middle East like candy on Halloween.
I'm thinking you should change your political status to Dem. Eastern Kentucky
oh your not defending him now you can't pick and choose which crazy decision you like just get rid of the govt isn't that what you want
Make sure you wash well after , you have no idea where Jake Tappers hands have been.
Wow the stupidity that drips out of trump trolls is amazing go back on your meds
Stop pissing on yourself Doug
Sorry @RandPaul  i dont have access to cnn anymore by choice my dollars will not fund their trash
The Arms deal? Oh what a deal. Trump is just a great Deal Maker. Lots &Lots of jobs. But who are the Saudis', arming ISIS perhaps?
Finally a Republican with balls. Bravo Sen STOP the weapons sale to the people who brought down the twin towers
let's start a war w Saudi and Iran and let them completely annihilate each other.
Your wrong senator, congress approved the $billions spent on a base in qatar knowing their mentallity, Saudi knows what is going on,
it's wrong then and it's wrong now.
 US arms should be for US military only!
seriously? why keep going on the tapper show? I don't get it.
Fake news don't go 
Those billions could be used for more peaceful endeavors than bombs and jets. How and about wells and irrigation systems? Waste recycling?
Senator you need to stay off CNN !! And get back to getting your party together!!
Love Rand. Always schooling folks in an honest & concise manner. Always putting partisan politics aside to do what's right FOR the People. 
you're going to feed the jake tapper cesspool...really...If you have an issue maybe you can keep it internal like a professional.
Focus, focus, focus on those things that people care about. Avoid distractions as they lead to a loss of a singular focus on what matters.
Way to back POTUS!
Never #CNNisISIS
I would NEVER watch the FAKE NEWS ON CNN
CLINTON NEWS NETWORK
I will never watch CNN, especially Tapper! Please don't give the Fake so called news haters the time of day Senator. You're better than that
The sale should be blocked.
Come on rand get on the same page! This is all about a coalition that needs to be built up to take down Iran who is the imminent danger!
Senator all you are doing is giving the MSM, another reason to hate Trump,do you see Pelosi, Warren or Schumer coming on Fox ,no you don't
Thank you @MandyConnell
You are wrong on this one Rand...sorry
Sen. Paul, with all due respect why are you going on a network that lies all the time and is aligned against the American people? #FakeNews
#CNNisISIS is thee worst #FakeNews ever. Don't waste your time. They are the enemy! They need to be shut down.
Could you have done the same thing with the Iran bribe and Iran deal?
It's almost like selling it to the English
I'm with you Senator, the idea of adding more arms to the middle east is about a dumb as it goes. They will be used against Yeman civilians.
Nope. I don't watch fake news Senator.
Of course.... We need a negative story on @CNN because there have been so many positive stories.... I'm just about to loose my mind!
Mr. Paul: Why are you on CNN? They are no friend to our president.
Stop praising Trump if you're against this arms deal Rand!
Trump may have to return all the Saudi money he's making at his businesses if the arms deal is cancelled... probably was part of the deal
Watch out, he's fake news
school him he's a jerk
Support the President and get things done. Now!!
Hey RHINO Rand, why didn't you block obumer for all his criminal actions on the America ppl? You disgrace the USA!
Why are you dealing with these traitorous scum???
Not sure how valid @jaketapper and @cnn are. They seem to be imitating the hysterical children of the Senate.
Please Senator Paul Next time don't give @CNN the time of day they are #fakeNews interview on @RealAlexJones @libertytarian @PrisonPlanet
@RandPaul you and you band of merry do nothings need to do your job. Obstructionist politics is getting so old... #DoYourJob
Get em Rand
Just publish in the Enquirer.... they have more real news than CNN  jeezzzz
Fake news your on!
Unfortunately our legislators are whores. They'll talk to the devil himself if he s got a Mic and a camera. #FakeNews
When are you going to make Kentucky your #1 priority.  The people in your state urgently need your leadership.
Why would you even be seen on #FakeNews @CNN ??? #Embarrassing
Talk about the wall instead
Don't go on CNN Jake Tapper is never honest! Two faced! Don't go!
Id rather watch Kathy Griffin than pseudo journalist @jaketapper Sorry Senator.
This is so obvious it defies reason.  I can't believe CNN is allowing you to say it.  Why not FOX?  Have the Murdoch sons already ruined FOX
Mueller investigation...waste of money and time...no collusion re: Trump..Trump Admin...stop feeding the wolves..
Mueller/Comey tag team on Trump/Trump Admin...no collusion=no need for further investigation..Flynn lying nothing to do with Admin
get away from the cameras and the shows and go do your job because if you don't we will vote you out not what we pay you to do
I can't stomach CNN.
Please stick up for our president. We have to give him all the support he needs right now!
For once I agree with Rand Paul.
How about ending the Russia/Trump collusion false narrative! I'm a conservative but I didn't expect the Reps to not defend the President!
CNN is ISIS why would you give them validation? They are the enemy. They are Fake News
They only have you on to rebuke trump. Pretty obvious man get it together
Definitely not tuning in to CNN! And very disappointed you two will be on it, considering how many lies they have spread.
Never watch Jake the Flake or CNN but always catch you on Fox real news
@tempteststorm2 why don't you spend your time working on Healthcare, taxes, jobs. Between committees & sideshows nothing getting done.
#CNNisISIS
Your joining with fake news only undermines your integrity more than lack of concern for all america
Sen pvt sector cant handle health care sorry single payer we all need basic health  care.
Nope
Please do! The Saudi government does not need all those high tech weapons. Try a rifle and good intentions!
vote on H.R. 377 Muslim Brotherhood Terrorist Designation Act
Rand should promise to resign if Trump ends up being guilty! He constantly covers for this CON MAN! WTP & history WELL hold him accountable!
He literally just went against the Saudi Deal that Trump signed. How is he always covering him...
Why aren't you having any hearings on that terrible healthcare bill?
@RandPaul your defending Trump has reached pathetic levels. My respect for you like I had for your father is in the drains.
Why would you even give them an interview? They don't like you,  or we the people.
Plz don't dismiss our concerns about Russian interference in our election, poss Americans involvement, & pres obstruction as "political."
Just watched u say this is the same thing w/every new Pres but Pres Obama went thru chges tht I never saw another have to put up with.
U & ur oth co wkers r a joke, u ppl refused to work w/Pres Obama u put up a BRICK WALL wld not help him get anything passed. Same on U& them
Pandering to the antiTrump media I see
Shut up
PRES. OBAMA FAILED TO STOP 2015 & 2016 RUSSIAN CYBER ATTACK! COMEY, BRENNAN, CLAPPER HEADS OF INTEL THAT FAILED TO STOP RUSSIAN CYBER ATTACK
All I heard you do was enable our traitorous president and whine about an INDEPENDENT investigator. Lost any respect I had for you.
@TheLeadCNN @jaketapper @CNN How do you NOT ask him anything about the health bill the GOP is hiding?  you are better than that
Rand is the only person up there not playing politics
Total BS Rand. You're not responsible for foreign policy. Tapper is a hostile crook when it comes to reporting.
How about letting the American people see the health care bill and not hide it from us
Tramp is your best buddy why are u questioning him on his Saudi deal. Wow usually u are so wimpy.
I support you Rand, true patriot.
I'm tuning in.. Your delusional!
yes please.
Why in the world would you have ANYTHING to do with CNN my Grandmomie ALWAYS said if you run with dogs you get fleas!
Could you have picked a worse network?
Why go on Fake News CNN, why give them a talking point to chew on, you are not helping Conservatives/Republicans feeding CNN's hate.
You're siding with CHUCK SCHUMER!!!
Why are you going against the people's President ?!?
"Sour Grapes" so sad party over Country. AG did lie under oath! HRC not in office!!
Paul is bowing to Trump like the other SICK Reps. It feels like If Mueller finds Trump guilty of something Reps will refuse the order.
@RandPaul you are a complete and utter fool if you truly believe Trump is an innocent person. Unless you, Senator Paul, are as guilty !!!!!!
Finish your job & let this go..let Flynn go = Not the same, but nice try.
Just heard u and u r saying you never said to kids "I HOPE you are not leaving that mess" knowing your kids think you ARE JOKING BS LIAR!
yeah Rand don't let those CNN hacks corner you. They are only talking to you because you disagree with Trump on this issue
Russia attacked America and you say nothing to see here? Are any of you going to get balls and deal with them or is Russia paying you too!
Let's talk instead about how you should block the backroom dealings on the senate AHCA. Transparency!
I think I'll switch to cspan & watch the empty chamber being vacuumed in the dark.
How about you expose what's in the secret healthcare disaster bill?!?!? I'm more interested on how you're robbing people blind!!!
How's Obamacare working out for you? #whatajackass!
What a puss jake. "It's all a liberal witch hunt." That's their line. And you just keep letting it go. REALLY?!?!?!?!?
ew get off fake news Rand
WOW!....WHAT HAPPENED TO RAND???? I CAN'T BELIEVE U ARE NOW BOWING DOWN ....WTF...
PUSSY...
You'd prefer a bow to Saudi Arabia? Lol
Nope. Who gives a damn abt CNN.
You do know @RandPaul ...once CNN report's on it it will automatically become FAKE NEWS?
U ALL ARE MENTALLY ILL
That's funny, considering...you're the Liberal
Maybe I should say....u all have no thinking brain cells...thats better...Trump is the one with textbook mental illness....
Trump's rolling back Liberalism like never before while you're screaming Russia, Russia! Oh..CNN never mentioned that to you, huh? 
Ask @CNN why they fund Shakespeare in the Park where they mock assassinate Pres. Trump?
Show some proof please. Bet you can't find any except perhaps some trash from brightbart
thank you mr paul! we appreciate your courageous leadership! xoxo
Only possible reason I'd ever tune in to CNN.
bruh, ya gotta stop getting your panties all up in a bunch.  Have you ever tried a thong?
I never know whose side your on.
Sorry Senator...love you but won't watch CNN on principle.  They are the worst with fake news and blatantly unfair towards @POTUS
That I can get behind. Everything else you've spouted since Friday is some BS, though.
Agreed. But I refuse to turn on @cnn.....especially @jaketapper who just has you on there so you can be a visible GOP voice against Trump.
I've never watched CNN in this century. I dont even know what channel number it's on.
Rather tube in when you have the balls to talk about the healthcare bill.
Liberal !
And can we finally admit that Saudi and Qatar are the biggest funders of terrorism and not Iran (Shia). Hillary admitted in @wikileaks
Talk about your cruel, secret health-uncare bill instead. #noAHCA #ShowUsTheBill
We should not sell them or anyone else one weapon.
Be careful Senator Jake's a snake 
You enjoy going on CNN, senator? Even though they TRASH REPUBLICANS with the most VILE LIES every chance they get? Where's your DIGNITY?
Get out of Trump's way, we WILL vote you out of office. Pawn of the globalists
