Are conservatives tired of Kentucky Senators, or  the Senate in general? #oann
Rand you must repeal ACA. It's destroying the entire healthcare system. Take action NOW-get this done. Perfection not required-amend later
Amen 2 that, Secretary Price has advised he is there 2 amend/clean it up
Only way to clean it up is to make it a single system and not a multi player investor owned system. #MedicareForAll
Wrong. Competition is the answer to drive quality up and cost down.
Health care does not follow supply and demand well. Single payer is privately delivered allowing free choice of docs to keep quality up
singlepayer systems Canada UK & countries impose strict plan rather than choice 2 patients which inevitably misallocate services like r V/A
People only have choice when they have the resources to make choice.  To afford care avoid bankruptcy, one needs an income north of 80K
very smart!

It will remain an impasse until the economic realities of health care is clearly understood. Aging population, technology and access to ER
I'm furious w  Rep. Senators that only obstruct and never move forward!! STOP STUMBLING ON EVERY MINOR DETAIL AND GET IT DONE! #SENATORS
Make health care same for American tax payers and families as for Senate. Repeal fully and redo. Serve Justly.
Actually he does, he wants cheap insurance legal and wants a free market for the consumer to choose their own insurance , not employers
You could use free-market powers of #SinglePayer. Privately run publicly financed
It sounds good to those paying high hc premiums,  but it still doesn't fix it.
A split house and Senate will always divide America.
Here is a free market conundrum.. We have a doc shortage in the US along with an aging population.  Prices will stay up
Flawed logic.  To make healthcare affordable and access better for everyone, you need to get rid of costly means testing.
Pass the bill so it can move to the house & they can fix it there so it can go for president to sign, then move to budget, tax cuts, my o my

@RandPaul How much could it benefit the entire country if the Republican Senate can solve #healthcare once & for all? #TermLimits #OANN
Senator Rand, I respect you in many ways. However, I disagree with your assumption that healthcare follows the law of supply and demand.
Looking more and more like the BEST OPTION!! REPEAL is what voted conservatives into office. Come up with a plan to help needy later.
@VP Eight years & still at an impasse That's just ridiculous! Haven't they voted themselves a raise & have different hcare than usWhy
The only surprise will be how many people will die.
Why not try to get this done?
You're absolutely spot on! Make GOP members go on record for repeal alone.  You may have a hard time passing that unfortunately.
Maybe because enough legislators recognize no need to repeal, but do what originally planned and REVISE!!! Come on Congress! Work smarter!!
R u aware that drs/clinics/hospitals must bill Medicare patients (i.e. $1000 to be paid $50)? Therefore, young ppl must be billed this 1/1
Same amount and must pay the higher amount. This needs to be equally done. Bill what's due. This is what's wrong with healthcare. GOVMNT!
The Congress is way over paid an need to stay there without no summer break
That's all that's it end of story.
#StandWithRand
@SenatorCollins wants 2 fund PP!! NOOOOOOO!!
We voted for you Republicans! GET IT DONE OR BE VOTED OUT!
Rand Paul still creating a political circus to sabotage the President agend
When going to learn that healthcare is never going to be a free market. How will the market boycott if it kills them? It's a captive market
Well @RandPaul can resign too! Screw these pigs that think repeal is ok? PUBLIC HEARINGS IS WHAT WE NEED! @GOP is complicit 
why dont we just use the nuclear option
Sir, this bill is our last chance to avoid single payer healthcare, which is the left's ultimate goal. Please don't let that happen.
Smart.
Not so much!
Tell McConnell to change the Senate Rules and end Filibuster of Legislation. 51 votes take you thumb out of your asses and do your jobs
You are playing word games and obstructing.  Get on with the work.
How long have you had to do this?
Stonewalling.  I hope Trump points it out at reelection time.
Espérons pour les américains que cette impasse dure
massive pain, people will do ANYTHING, still don't understand why it can't be doctor/patient, are both too stupid?
many extra die from Heroin, and watch the retard Senators scratch their heads, while honest people in pain SUFFER, trust me no relief from
the Heroid/Opium problem. Just announce it for I know I'm preaching to the choir, chart where Heroin use it today, then next year show how
"My son used opiods and died", Senate "We must do SOMETHING whether it's logical or not". We cannot legislate morality, and no law will stop
PAIN have to suffer or buy Heroin because of a bunch of morons? I mean do we not have parents anymore? They always trod out some kid's death
out of it, and if people are too stupid to understand how to use Opiods let nature take it's course? Why do people will MASSIVE NO RELIEF
can't get their pain pills, result? They do something they'd never, ever consider, buy Heroin off the streets. Why can't the FG just stay
the Heroin epidemic will be off the charts, here's why. The FG votes for "One size fits all", doctors get terrified, patient in REAL PAIN
Sen. Paul, we've spoke, you probably do not recall. The Senate made a monster mistake today via Opiods. I GUARANTEE you this time next year
You didn't win-your bitterness is showing. Pass the healthcare bill, or the Dem's will run you over for single payer and we don't want that!
@GOP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP The worse mistake the GOP could make is to include Democrats in Health care decisions.Had their chance,failed bad.
Straight tepeal no longer an option !!
Come 2018 ex-senator unless u join @realDonaldTrump
Does it not seem logical that to end an impasse everybody votes yes, and tweek later, or would you rather leave everybody in the lurch?
Rand Paul needs to stay off the tv and work with POTUS. TO MUCH LIME LIGHT
Keep up the good work, Rand. Great idea to split the bills.
Morons deluxe... #MAGAmaggots
it does not sound too bad.
I respectfully submit u pull ur head out & get on the right team!@rushlimbaugh @billoreilly @TuckerCarlson @IngrahamAngle @lockandcode
Why would you retweet a clip showing your incompetence. Complete embarrassment and obstructionist
You might consider getting with the program
The only must have thing for me is removing the taxes on gains and investment income.  If that goes my support goes.
Yes.. how to insure Mad Maxine's 700 Billion, VERY concerning Rand. That & unicorns, we've got to stop unicorns.
in all seriousness, Stay firm Rand, Trump needs to keep his promise and we are counting on you. audition 2024 now. we stand with you.
They better get it done
Because you all had about 8 years to change the health care I find this unexceptabl
Love this idea. Make it work! Thank you for working with @POTUS and for taxpayers.
Pass the bill. I'm afraid you just want to be on TV. You'll do whatever it takes, even if it's to obstruct.
“The principle of spending money to be paid by posterity, under the name of funding, is but swindling futurity on a large scale.”--Jefferson
What does GOV_care & Racketeering have in common?
Uh yeah - were at an impasse in part because people like you want to be at an impasse.  Time to quit whining and move forward
Newsflash. GOP doesn't care about your healthcare. Just tax cuts for rich. Get it already?
What an original thought!
No. Just repeal it. Repeal all of it. Every word. Do not compromise. #FullRepeal
Republicans in the Senate are not allowed to be a "hung jury". Get your act together now or a major part of your base will be moving on!
If they don't or can't support the other republicans on the bill. I'm sure the democrats will help and make things better for Rand Paul. BAD
Brilliant problem-solving. But, it could be "too clever by 1/2" (for #Conservatives/#Libertarians) to pass #TrumpCare with #DEMs/#RINOvotes?
Get rid of insurance companies and I can prove costs go down 40%. I have a patent in medical billing. Not fooling. That's how crazy we r
TRUTH: The major question is who pays for sick people. Either the government (everyone who pays taxes) or well people. THAT'S IT.
I get the feeling that you've never debated someone smart enough & dispassionate enough to show you the light. I am. Be happy to talk w you.
ACA requires "expensive policies" for people who don't need it" BECAUSE THAT IS THE NATURE OF INSURANCE. You are the master of one variable.
Time to forget yourself and stand with the President. When Obama Care fails how will you explain?
Love your idea pass repeal law work out other issues after
FULL REPEAL , TO TAKE EFFECT IN 1 YEAR
Randpaul needs to support the President's program.
Idea: don't call repeal, replace. Call it #EmergencyObamacareRescue. Repeal, etc later. Move on to taxes & infrastructure.
I sense that this @RandPaul last term as a senator. You sir are a closet Democrat that cares more about image than Americans. yes to health
have u talked2 pharm companies & health care providers about regulating costs. How will they be held accountable
The root cause Obamacare  is preexisting condition. Inexpensive and preexisting conditions can not coexist.
IT'S YOUR JOB TO FIX THIS MR PAUL, GET BUSY & QUIT MAKING EXCUSES. YOU NEED TO WORK HARDER. WE'RE COUNTING ON YOU
Repeal Obamacare & take America back to the way it was before Obama!...then start working on those things that Congress is authorized to do.

The Republicans need to get together and pass a healthcare bill for our future is single payer
Sir. The conversation in Congress needs to with whether or not it's a role of government to ENSURE citizens have insurance.
Hang in there Rand! #standwithrand
You guys're the ones making this Health Care thing a big deal, not us! We're carrying a Lunch Pail & fighting Traffic Signals. U'R FOS
Your idea is the best one I have heard.  Split the bill into two parts.  I can see no reason for that to fail.
He's gonna cave
Certainly. It's the old "attack-the-bill-from-the right-even-tho-my-concerns-are-really-from-the center-because-KY-loves-Medicaid" schtick.
Awesome plan rand!! Do it trump!!
Don't appease right wing GOP healthcare perceived by most as a right back off and get dem support or lose ground in mid-terms #healthreform
Why do you say that the US can't afford basic universal health care when the EU, Uk, Canada, Australia & 30+ poorer countries provide it?
@GOP #TimeMagazine @foxnews
Stand your ground @RandPaul Repeal in full, free market to replace.
Thank you for your hard work! Get Senators to commit to follow-up bills IN WRITING! DESPERATE! Have to lower premiums & make ins available!
Full repeal of ACA. Scrap McConnell's ACA2.0. No bailout 2 ins co's. They got in bed w/Obama and brought this on us. We lost. They can lose.
Rand Paul fighting for America 

Nothing short of full repeal should or will pass!

Tragic example of a #DeathPanel in action under #socializedmedicine  #ThursdayThoughts #WakeUpAmerica #FullRepeal of #Obamacare https://twitter.com/polnewsforever/status/880424389925359616 …
Common sense. Keep pushing for this @RandPaul  America voted for repeal Please get on board @SenateMajLdr @POTUS
@POTUS I love how the pres has to announce his announcements a week in advance to build it up.  Is this TV? Ex. In a week I'll tell if tapes
The people voted republican to get it done
It could be the best bill possible and senator Paul would vote against it
And the congress wants another vacation!
Repeal it completely. Draft a totally new bill. Nuclear option it thru with 51 votes. Maybe ACA reform is so impt as to change senate rules.
Loved your idea about splitting the bill!!! I hope @POTUS considers it as well as the rest of GOP. They had 7 yrs to come up with something!
7 years. Zero action. Too many vacations. No work.
@RandPaul What  does do  for Rand Paul to keep his seat when he will not vote for key leg. that the party promised. Better Retirement pay?
Believe OUR Reps need to be on the same healthcare program they are offering to We The People. Cadillac plan for DC same for US. God Bless
genius
Then Rand Paul needs to fix it then.
Does anyone else think that set is kind of weird, who sits like that? Kind of weird.
Maybe there is a God? 
I thought they should follow your lead right from the beginning
Repeal and replace Obamacare.  Thank you Senator. God bless you.
You're lying about cuts.
Dems say the bill says one thing Reps that is says something else.  How do we learn the truth?  Who do we trust to tell us?
Take a look at the CBO score. It is nonpartisan
That's what they say, but is it?
Why NOT Universal Coverage, starting with H.R. 1276?
Work it out for all of us Americans who need it so much. Please try your best.
Pass the crappy bill and get it to conference and rework it. I like the idea of 2 bills but could leave markets uncertain.
The Bible says a workman is worthy of his hire. Instead of creating laws of subsistence, why not study legalization of living wages.
Keep fighting for us Rand!
To retain respect for sausages and laws, one must not watch them in the making... nor listen to Congressman talking about the process.
I see why people elected you. You are are terrific con man and many of your constituents have bought into it.
May want to ease up on the make up. 
Looking more Ru Paul than Rand Paul
Stick to your guns, we need more ppl like you!
More people on Medicaid + reduced increases in Medicaid spending = no cuts to Medicaid?  You aren't very good at math, are you? #bullshit
Read it and realize you're the nitwit who's been conned:
So you're pro "inexpensive insurance" which amounts to worthless policies with low premiums and huge deductibles and copays that r unusable?
That was the problem with the HC system in the first place Rand. Caps, restrictions on coverage, shitty worthless policies denying coverage
Fake news, of course. Not Rand Paul!
Sen Paul, don't 4get this Obamacare was drafted by lobbyists b4 Obama was even in office. Don't 4get " we need 2 pass 2 c what's in it"
Don't cave, @RandPaul !
Great idea Rand. Hopefully your colleagues are listening!
Shut up Rand Paul!  You are so out of touch!
Stand firm, Senator. Remind @POTUS what *candidate* Trump had promised...over & over again.
Again, wat @RandPaul refers to as 'good' results in a slashing of benefits for people that need them.Its only good for ideologues like Paul
As of 1 January 2014, Members of Congress and staff purchase their insurance through the exchange. It is in the ACA.
Impasse is pro Obamacare. Not looking for Obamacare or perfect. Looking for better.
Is john mccain still drunk,Rand??
Pass the bill Sen Paul America needs to move forward
That golf story with President and no welfare, funny!
Very impressive malpractice reform bill passed by the house. It is your turn Sen. Paul 
Thank God there are still some Conservatives left in DC or we would be United "Socialist States of America"! Stop the entitlement programs!
@RandPaul u have great ideas 4 improving @GOP HC bill BUT instead of going on every network endlessly complaining,PLEASE go to work &fix it!
Sen Paul, the most sense to date. Splitting bill solves great devide. Govt gets out of pvt ins w full repeal & mods get into H care with $$.
You screw this up for America we will never forgive you not today not ever
I sense trump is having an impasse this morning as well, no tweets from the toilet? Big boy not making big boy potty? Sad
Come on now. That's all you got?
For now, yeah... why what you got? Do you know if Donny Two Scoop's had his big boy poo yet?
Do you? Why are you so interested?
Wouldn't it be nice to have a regular President again?
We had what we thought was a regular one but found out he is a Muslim.  Our present POTUS is the real deal.  A true American!!!
Thanks Kentucky for the 2nd place winners of states with worst Senators. Keep it up and you'll have 1st place from Arizona.
You've had 7 dang years to work as a group on this.
What is wrong with you people? Get. It. Done. Now!!!!
Maybe when they campaigned on "repeal and replace" but offered zero specifics, you should have figured out that it was all to get your vote.
Get it done correctly and fairly to all Americans!
Can't hide from constituents if you make it that simple Sen. Paul. Doubt they'll do it. Wish they would.
Spendings can cut costs too?
screw you Paul, you never wrote any drafts over the last 8 yrs to redo ObamaCare
Instead of accomplishing all at once, try for small victories. Health Care is a huge problem. Fix a piece and move to the next piece.
If Rand Paul & the rest of the DC mob had to sign up for the same plan as everyone else you can bet they would come up with a great plan
And if everyone was in the same pool, we might be able to lower ins premiums & have ALL CITIZENS shoulder burden of Medicaid & subsidies!
Yes Rand we are. Why do the super rich need tax cuts? Trumpcare is not Health care. Why do u want to kill poor people?
Humm, why is Hlth Care broken??? Maybe we don't pay enough taxes... #USEFULIDIOTS ! IT'S NOT WORKING BC THE GOVT RUNS IT! #RepealOCareNow!
#Obamacare fix: '16 Election referendum on Obamacare Let Blue Congressional Districts keep Obamacare & Red Districts be exempted
