Federalism is the 10th amendment. Powers not granted to fed gov't reserved to states. Not tax and disburse from fed government
Federalism would be states deciding how much to spend, whether to tax and spend.
Graham Cassidy is not federalism and it is not repeal. It is Obamacare Lite!
Repeal The Damn Thing!  Get The Gov Out Of Our Health Care!  Open State Borders!  Allow Free Market Competition Between Insurance Companies!
We need this!  It would drive health care cost down.
That is The American Way, healthy competition between companies, brings prices down, and allows people to choose what they feel they need...
Thank you!!!
Jail Every Seated & Unseated Democrat That Voted For ACA, It Was A Act Of Socialism Against Our Constitution, And Tyranny Against Our People
YES!!!! Look at the Medicaid reduction numbers over time. Plus it gives states the power to decide how the money is spent
The states could kill it and you no it
Your bama care cost me 1000 dollars plus penalty and interest to your crooked irs didn't have any money why don't you and MCTRAITOR have bam
Get over yourself and vote on behalf of the people who are suffering from the induvidual mandate. The people or a bill with your name on it?
I used to think you cared about the people.
If you could add an amendment to Graham-Cassidy allowing association based plans, would you vote Yes? You now have the leverage!
Ridding the US of Ocare fines and other pieces is a start. If you are so sure you can get your changes thru congress why not start here!
#Federalism is garbage.  Just another way for racist states like Kentucky to keep their racist traditions alive.
I want to hear your solutions, not your whining.
Just repeal period. Trump can write a pre_existing order/Open Stateline(s). 
@POTUS @JaySekulow @MichaelCohen212 @JaySekulow @RandPaul
I trust you @RandPaul
You want to know the problem with all of this. NOBODY TRUST'S ANY OF YOU! That is why we elected Trump. You folks talk but never deliver.
@RandPaul statement is correct. We need 2 push @realDonaldTrump conservative & get best deal.
In end,take what we can & support @POTUS vote. – at The Swamp
Didn't vote for something that actually kept 100% of Obama care taxes not to long ago?
Rand, you're a tool, go away. The ACA is lifesaving for millions.
This is getting old.
Just vote no, please. I disagree with you as to why it sucks, but your firm no is much appreciated, Senator.
Then friggin come up with something and do your friggin jobs. Every last one of you will be removed from office if you don't.
Starting point-insurance comp broke> obama care broke'em>Obamacares pays insurances for special interest groups-Start OVER!
Propose a better bill then.
Just repeal it please... you can do the rest later! Meanwhile we are dying out her with these premiums!
Support the bill. Otherwise, Obama care is your choice.
Vote YES on #MedicareForAll
This isn't something they've been talking about.  What 10% of taxes are being cut?
#StandWithRand. #GrahamCassidyBill.
The changes don't go far enough, but small inroads are better than none at all. "Perfection" is not the goal here.
First ur book disappointed me & now ur crap of not working toward a long term solution. 75yrs of bad  laws isnt solved overnite by Congress
To vote no is to vote to keep ACA.  G.C. opens the door to states dominating the marketplace shortstopping single payer.  That's the choice
Does it get rid of the exemption for Congress?
Understanding you position, however we need this to pass.
Thanks for standing strong Senator. We need the federal government out of healthcare. Open the markets and get out of the way...
Does it eliminate the mandate?We pay the premium, no subsidy.Can the state eliminate requirements we don't need?Get something done now.
U should go back 2 practicing medicine. U should work harder 2 improve bill vs being an obstructionist...stand on principle & ocare survives
Better patch it for now. A lot of people are going to be irreparably harmed first of the year and can't force taxpayers to foot our bills.
Its better than keeping the whole thing #GrahamCassidyBill
I agree that it would be best to NOT send state $ to DC in the 1st place, but isn't it a step in the right direction?
No, but then none of you have gonads to submit a simple repeal of Ocare.  Face it, you all ran on lies. You are a bunch of sniveling wimps.
The Republican Party is the party of punishment they have Justified themselves to take from the poor to give to the rich. #ReplacetheGOP
Do something , anything is better than Obamacare!
Repeal Obamacare. Congress receives a 70% subsidy n get to choose what they want. They get Obamacare for FREE. Not fair!
Gov't. Has millionaires w/ full health n benefits n the people they're to represent have nothing. Americans r Fed up...irate.
Government not exempt from laws you pass... Government can live on same as poor people.
yes, but the mandates are gone.
Business as usual ey. Don't care about the people u represent. Medicare w/dental premiums based on income then cut Medicaid.
Your view of federalism: The hell with them --- just let them die if they can't afford to pay for healthcare. Christian ---  Bull Shit.
Please vote no to #GrahamCasiddy
I like what your saying are other Senators looking, thinking & talking about your idea? Please tell us! They need to, don't they?
Sir, your self righteous attitude is getting sickening! Get on thr train! It's a start!
How about a straight repeal!
Single payer Paul. That's the end game. Get on board.
At least they're doing something other than you. You might as well go to the other side with your obstructing ass
Please consider the IMPORTANCE of ending gridlock! When Congress needs 60% vote, it'll be TOO LATE.. we'll be stuck with OCare forever!
I believe you would be wrong to oppose this bill. Your plan for a healthcare bill is better, but not realistically possible at this time.
Then get off your belly aching butt and come up with something. Rand you complain but I only hear cricket from you
No!
Get something done for goodness sake. Ya'll should be embarrassed by how much you suck!
Dr. Paul give us a better idea- NOW!,,,,,
Senator Paul, you're negative, but not offering any way to tweak it? Aren't you a Dr? Surely you can help with some better ideas?
Vote for we the people. VOTE NO!
Our President @POTUS just delivered a kick ass U.N. speech and you people in Congress are busting our chops with INDECISION.
Where are you willing to compromise? Is there anything you would be willing compromise on?
Is it a start to dismantle Obamacare?
I #StandWithRand
If I remember right, there was a time we didn't have the ACA. We should return there and let companies vie for our business!!
REPEAL O'CARE!
I stand with Rand.
Rand, just give up.The gop is now a big gov party. You and you dad did the best you could, but it's over now. Vote yes  big brother  yes
Ditch Mitch that's what you need to do if you want repeal! He is nothing but a rhino. Reid would twist arms and get it done.
I am going loose cannon here, re label VA to Fed Medical System, take Medicaid and combine it with FMS. Use as a choice by citizens w rate.
Would provide better control of Medicaid. Take it away from State corruption and miss appropriations. Lowest rates can be controlled by FMS
Would then promote competition in Medical Industry.
For me it would be better than nothing, haven't been able to afford the rates for my Wife and I. It would be last choice, but a choice.
So what is your plan? Just do nothing ? We need full repeal ! But congress is like hearing lying cats. We've been lied too! Sad but true.
Mr. Paul you are one of my favorite senators, but if we don't roll back any part of Obamacare we will head directly for socialized medicine.
No it's not.  How much luck have you had getting a healthcare idea votable?  I think NOT!
hell no it is not.
Just vote to repeal it
BLOCK GRANTS ARE POLITICAL HOSTAGES! HEALTH CARE WILL CONTINUE TO BE A POLITICAL FOOTBALL! Return $ to taxpayers!
Stop grandstanding and get in line
Is federalism health care? I think not.
Don't give up @RandPaul! Be the voice of common sense and sell your version of health care reform!
Productivity, accomplishment, get something done? Right??
You are a liar. Keep your promise and stop supporting Obamacare
Rand Paul, why don't you resign? You want to keep Obama care. Hope your voters realize that
Rand got a REAL repeal passed last year, Obama vetoed it. Paul Ryan knew he would veto and now blocks real repeal that Rand+#TrumpTrain want
to many of them are bought & paid for by big pharma, Insurers, & big hospital conglomerates
Then, why don't you suggest some changes or get enough people to back YOUR bill???
Senator, You and the GOP need to stop procrastinating on health care reform.  Months of bickering and we still have nothing to show for it!
Can you get 60 votes?
Get on the right path and let the states take back the health care.  Not the Feds.  Work on getting tax reform now.  Get with the plan.
Rand doesn't have to worry about getting reelected.  He's only grandstanding to try and promote his agenda.  Not move America forward!
Agree totally.  His term is almost up.  Vote someone that wants to Make America Great Again like @realDonaldTrump does.
It IS federalism cuz EACH State tries it's OWN approach which will really give us a sense of what works and what does not work.
Furthermore, what business is it of yours whether a State other than Kentucky pays for highways with that money or implements Ocare lite?
Giving block grants to a state like KY that has huge health challenges but has a terrible time budgeting $$ is a disaster waiting to happen!
Drop dead mr high and mighty. Your epic throne from which you refuse to take ANY STEPS TO REPEAL are offensive.
I think it's better than no change, but tremendously respect your consistent principles.
You'll still vote yes because your to weak to stand up for what u believe.
Don't sabotage ACA. Make it better!
Sometimes you don't have to do the absolute right thing, @RandPaul , sometime you just have to do something.
By pushing social services to the states, federalism creates  50 big governments from one. Seems weirdly antithetical to conservatism.
Why don't u listen to ur constituents for once / realize we need and want ACA??!!
I will be forwarding my kid's  post BMT medical bills to u
It's a starting point. Even Mark Levin said its better than other try and could lead to something good.
Please listen to Rand Paul Mr trump.
Are you for going to simple majority in the Senate?
Get on board stop the divide your as bad as chuck at times !!! Team !!
Hey Rand--ever hear about incremental change ? Beats the hell out of status quo ObummerCare. Make it better each year/term.
At some point one must take a stand, Senator Paul has great health care ideas, and should be listened to on the senate floor, an amendment?
Another RINO. Needs to get on board or step aside.
It's a cop out! The majority in Congress have no spine and no concept of American federalism...keep fighting the right fight, Dr. Paul!
Please do something
Repeal is the only way. Stop wasting time. Americans understand what is going on.
Thanks for keeping g us informed of the scam Rand. These RINOs are desperate
@RandPaul I know your going to vote no.
Because your all talk and do nothing.
We're is your health care bill, must have great ideas doctor.
You can finally get rid of the individual mandate and you're going to vote no? Seriously??
Under this bill, pregnancy will cost you an extra 17K. Metastatic cancer 172K. Autism 5K. Asthma 4K. This isn't a healthcare bill.
At least get the repeal, then get your votes lined up to get rid of the taxes.
It's a bridging measure. Alternative is cutting millions of people off immediately.
I stand with you on healtcare.
You go Rand.  This does not look at all like repeal and replace.  I am discouraged.
You need to take your plan to @POTUS
We want to repeal the whole enchilada, not just part of it. Cut the head off of the monster!
We the people say that every day nothing but crickets in WE DO NOT WANT OBAMACARE TAXES @realDonaldTrump THATS NOT WHO WE ARE NO IRS TAXES
Take away politicians healthcare & give them Obamacare! They will REPEAL in a hurry! @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @TheJusticeDept @WhiteHouse
I urge you to vote Yes so that states can craft their own solutions..not ideal...but huge improvement over O-care
The only way to Repeal is for the @POTUS to stop funding, make the govt get it and let it crash and burn. Final.
senator Paul--I am your biggest fan...but this vill provides some framework for reform and will limit spending
love you but remember Reagan "75% of something is better then 100% of nothing "
 man what happened to Capitalism.
Call Congress sorry doomsday
Baby Steps? Federalization to the states pushes the march towards nationalized healthcare back! Clear positive! Forces states to choose?
Once again your letting us down. Time to practice negotiation
THANK YOU http://SIR.GOP  NEW Health bill is NOT the answer.Seems the GOP JUST WANT TO PUSH ANYTHING THING THROUGH!
Until they design a program that can establish capital,  it will never work....  I.E. the post office back in the day...
So voting no keeps 100% why Is that better? You say your against it but you vote to keep it ? How much money do you get if it stays? FAIR? !
Reading comments Dems r those supporting your no vote.I don't know about the bill but isn't repealing something better than keeping it as is
Senator Paul I always believe that young know what is right but there are times when I believe it's better to step back and have a 2nd look
Don't the taxes go away in 2018?
Taxes for rich people.....duh
Senator, I urge you to goto London KY during AEP & man the phones.Listen to what hard working Americans say about the failed ACA!
Can't you vote for it then later defund it little by little until we get to the place where we want to be? At least get it out from federal
Thank you Senator. It seems you are the only one who REALLY gets it! #Repeal
Need to compromise
We are democracy
COMPROMISE
So it's better for us to have it the way it is? At least with this I can get the catastrophic insurance I used to have. Now illegal.
Then we get Bernies craps when they vote all of you out and impeach Trump. You're not voting is voting for Bernie socialism my friend
Well we be stuck with 100% forever then
Mr Paul - see what happens when congress votes on things WITHOUT reading it.  Congress turns into a group of "Dunder Heads". What a mess.
Ppl want a good healthcare plan. We, also want Congress on it, too. If congress is NOT on it - then it is another bad HC Bill.
@RandPaul We will have to start somewhere
I can't believe you. GET ON BOARD
No surprise there, you ALWAYS think not!!
Repeal means REPEAL ! GET GOV. OUT OF OUR INSURANCE !
Please pass the bill so we can move away from socialism. O care will have to be government funded. We don't want that. Reduce size
Ok senator, if your ideas are so wonderful why does anyone agrees with you? When you lose your seat it will be too late for healthcare & you
Consider the states who will be stuck in. Socialist healthcare system or no insurance. Not only about your plan. Have mercy on all states
It's a whole lot better than what we have now.  I like you alot but you need to vote for this.  My deductible is killing me.
Vote for it anyway.  Yes vote means less power to the Feds.
Not true.. the Feds will subsidize the states and that means do it my way..
They need to cut Regulations in Healthcare. My doctor gave me a simple numbing shot for pain shot and had to have anesthesiologist in room.
Blah, blah, blah. Don't waste your time, we all know you'll vote for it.
Don't be the maverick voice in your party.  Compromise  no one gets 100% of what they want. No perfect bill
It isnt.  Its not perfect.  You never get your  clean bill Rand.  Shut up, vote yes, and fix it in conference.  Enough libertarian sharia!!
Please vote for this it is a start
Something is better than doing nothing
You are the man!! Keep fighting
Please don't resist this chance.  It can be changed and amended later.
I understand your frustration Sen Paul, but for 7 years no one in Congress did one about a replacement plan.  Should've been ready to go!
If you were really sincere you would question and refute Ocare exemption congress takes. Til then more blowhard crap and lies
I support YOU but vote YES just state your disagreements PASS THE BILL! 
Please kill this bologna bill. We want govt out of our lives.
Senator, stand your ground! My prayers are on the way!
Full repeal of Obamacare!!
Very proud of Sen Paul. The latest 11th Hour Healthcare initiative is miserable, unfair and totally misdirected. Just say no!
Don't leave us stuck with Obamacare! Why would you want that????
U want to keep 100% of Obamacare, & pave way for a single-payer nightmare. So vote w/ Democrats faux-conservative Rand Paul. #GrahamCassidy
How do you feel about Trump using 2020 campaign money/RNC funds to pay his Russia probe bills?
Does this mean he knows he won't be available to actually run for office?
Can the GOP get more control of the senate after 2018? Super majority both houses?
Push it off until 2019
Better odds then? I think not
lying abusers-#Obamacare is NOT health insurance-its FRAUD, its a TAX  meant 2 put u n tax debt & take all u ever have-Get These  Liars OUT!
What's the point of having #RandPaul in the Senate?

He'd rather have central control of HC than delegating that spending to the states

WTF
get this out of Washington and into  state control where republicans dominate. also guards against single payer. only hand to play
I agree with you Senator. I voted for full repeal. Open markets
Remember life is a pre existing condition.
Convince your @GOPSenate that this is a bad bill, party or not you can't vote for a bill that hurts millions of Americans.
What do you propose to improve the situation?
If free market across the state lines was a thing, why didn't it happen before 2012? Just curious.
In case you're serious, federal law blocks competition across state lines. It's the reason for this whole mess.
Selling across state lines is already allowed in five states, but no insurer wants to do it. It's too expensive and complicated for them.
Now you start to understand the Republican mantra of deregulation.
Sure, deregulate and health insurance companies will only insure healthy people. Profits first. People last.
If there's money to be made insuring sick people, why wouldnt they?
They'll only insure people in a way to maximize profits. Limited coverage, higher premiums, denied coverage for the sick, lifetime caps, etc
Profits = existence, you realize? Socialized institutions like police, fire work because still a net benefit to GDP; ie country profits
Though not perfect, it is a step in the right direction.  If Republicans lose control of Congress next year, single payer just around corner
what difference does it make whether the funds are collected and paid out by the Fed gov or collected by the Fed and paid out by the States
hold your ground senator!
