Trump ftweeted:"did an absolutely horrible job of securing the border. He should be ashamed of himself."
.@RandPaul
#RickPerry didn't know DOE handles our nuclear arsenal when he took the job. Reconsider your endorsement?
looking sharp dr. Paul!
your joking right?
strong, he couldn't remember the name of that department in the debates, oops !
C'mon Senator, Trump is replacing a Nobel Laureate with a guy that forgot the name of the Department of Energy. He's not qualified.
What do you know about energy, Trumpet Boy?
Seriously?  Perry?  Replacing a nuclear physicist?
You are not the man I thought you were.
please read this Paper https://www.dropbox.com/s/garov01g0x0c1hy/Thorium%20Briefing%20Paper%2020160401.pdf?dl=0 … Then go to Oak Ridge.
Exactly WRONG pick for DOE
And I really wanted you to win the presidency. Were you just hiding this dark side?
May be conservative, but has no business running DOE. I thought Rand had much higher standards.
How so? What are his qualifications????
In reality, he's a total ignoramus without a clue as to what the DOE even does. Remedial nominee...
Can he even spell "energy"?
Trump: Rick Perry ‘Put On Glasses So People Think He’s Smart’ Yeah that guy huh? What a mess we're in!
trump has helped paved the way FOR GUYS LIKE YOU TO TALK AND BE HEARD,PLEASE DON'T LET THE LIBERAL'S SHUT YOU UP
and you think he should control the nukes?
lmao. Are you kidding me? Ricky is a joke and a disaster waiting to happen.
what do labels like "conservative" have to do with a technical position like Secretary of Energy?
Isn't that the department @GovernorPerry wanted to eliminate when he was a candidate, before a salary was involved?
CNN has become as reliable as the National Enquirer
wake the hell up! You know damn well he's mentally not qualified
I'm surprised he knows there actually is one. How can your stand proudly next to this guy?!
why is Gov Perry even a consideration on the national scene?
But he is woefully unqualified. Being a conservative does not "trump" actual qualifications. #nonsense
You mean the DOE he wanted to abolish?
TWO CLOWNS HERE!!
Looking forward to hearing @GovernorPerry on maintenance of aging #nuclear plants & disposal of spent #plutonium
Perry is a joke. Thanks to Trump for making him eat his stupid remarks.  So let's see if Perry closes DOE.
Perry did a good job of bulking up on his content knowledge the four years between running, he's much more informed
can @GovernorPerry really see well through specs, or just looking "shmart" #justsaying #time4checkup #threeagencies #hoorah
is on the board of two gas companies and owns more than $100k in one of them #cronycapitalism #unfittoserve
Perry: "Defending conservatism against the cancer of Trump-ism – I hope you’ll join me Wednesday in DC" July 2015

ATTN @RandPaul! Do you AGREE or DISAGREE with @realDonaldTrump comparison of US Intel agencies to Nazi Germany? 

…
Oh yeah, same guy who said after he droped out we need to "stop this Trumpism" Same idot right?
Good Nominee Governor, I remember when you Trump a cancer. Maybe you will help America cure thisdangerous disease.
he couldn't even name the department in a debate you attended and you think he's fit for this appointment? SMH
I find most your views interesting and am happy to debate them with friends. This is not one of those. He is unfit to run DOE.
we would be lucky to have your serves in this administration Governor-I'm praying for your appointment-God Bless !!
I'm so disappointed with you!! Gov. PERRY wants to dismantle DOE.
two fine fellows
He also has the IQ of a gnat.  Stay away Sen. Paul.
make it easy...i want to see geico commercials for health insurance.
He's a climate change denier.
didn't RP want to abolish the DOE in a 2002 debate?
@gravatt @GovernorPerry He will do us proud.

Thanks, I was looking for this video.
Let's abolish the department just like you promised, Gov. Perry
Don't we deserve best and brightest not the most feeble minded?
Yes he certainly does have energy. SMH. Love the arrogance of politicians that they are qualified for any ol' job.

Yeah, he's gotta feel like a real dope for wanting to end the Dep't of Energy, the very dep't he'll be running, lol
did he remember which one it was?
but didn't Perry say the "DOE should be dismantled "????
Does he know what DOE stands for?
didn't he want to cut that department a few years ago when he was debating your dad, @RonPaul
your dad would disagree Rand! COME ON!
#StandWithRand
hahahaha please tell me you're kidding.
come on Rand, I like you but you're smart enough to realize he ins t qualified for the position.
barfing
very disappointed to hear you say that. @GovernorPerry may be a conservative but what does he know about nuclear power?
@ginaswo @GovernorPerry Your father wanted to do away with that and return power to individual states that's really what we want
politics does not belong in the energy dept but soon there won't be a DOE because Perry wants to dismantel it
sane, intelligent voters want to like you. Why must you keep pushing us away with unholy alliances?
you mean the DOE Perry thinks is unnecessary and would disband if he could remember it's name?
Great job on CNN. 
@GovernorPerry
But is he smart enough to manage one that he preferred to eliminate???
But you can't answer a direct question on CNN Rand Paul?? Comparing to Nazi Germany is just WRONG! Have character!
- Make USA energy independent..
Yes what a wonderful pick for DOE. Good Lord, you people are so very confused
Shit sandwich. End the DOE, you're still Ron's son right?
is he still planning to eliminate it as your father planned to do if he had been elected?
He's going to get rid of it, right?
department of.......
but is he going to eliminate the DOE?
If you don't like Trump go to http://indivisibleguide.com . It's a national movement with a user friendly guide! Pass it on!
GREAT PHOTO! I LOVE THIS PICTURE
you forget when your dad completely embarrassed him on stage in 2011? Come on Rand.
.@RandPaul @GovernorPerry Not the best choice 4 Dept of Energy he is only interested in oil & not renewed energy-we have a lot of free wind
Perry put his best foot forward for this country and we are proud of him...
my wife loves her caterac surgery  total game changer
have Rick edit my story. I have seen his writing skills and they are excellent. Your on the other hand well?
1st question: Gov. Perry, 5 years ago u said, if President, u would eliminate the DoE. Now u wanna head it. Can u square that, please?
he looks wonderful
completely unqualified but conservative!
he may be but he still appeared on dancing with the stars. #narcissism
lol
Bring on the energy!
Make sure you water that turnip.
governor Perry can't even remember which departments he wants to cut.. Ummmm Ahhhh #PeopleDontForget
Wrong. Someone who picked up crap off the sidewalks and had a real skill would be a better candidate.
that is the funniest tweet I've read today. Perry is a clown. @realDonaldTrump said so.
Oops- almost forgot. Did you really forgive Trump for insulting your wife? I wouldn't have.
exept for the fact that he wants 2completely shutdown the department that is responsible securing Our NUKES
Didn't his predecessor have a couple of phd's in energy related disciplines? Perry has a racist rock.
Soooooo proud of both of you!!
C'mon @RandPaul, @GovernorPerry 's a boob.
Hes gonna have to root out the obamites in there
Did you guys dance? #PerryDancer
my first pick until he  became a flaming Trumpster..
so ending the DOE us a good idea
That's good but still want to know what they have planned in this department!?!
is a good pick if that dept is going to exist!
If Gov. Perry can shut down the DOE, this will be the best outcome. We have too many depts & our nation is broke.
Perry naturally looks like a JibJab character....
Your dad would probably disagree.
Will DOE be part of 20% cut?
Perry is a friend to oil and gas companies
maybe in lalaland
your idea of Great is replacing a respected physicist with a Dancing with the Stars failure?
My impression has been that Mr. Perry is a Neocon. Dangerous to the Constitution and the Republic.
do he no all the branches of government????
hope he can remember which position he's been nominated for.
Texans know better than anyone the idiot he is
a conservative that wants to get rid of the DOE?... are you really that big of a sell out?
Perry is corrupt and dumb as a rock. My friend worked for him. He also has a ranch in TX called NIGGERHEAD so...
KIT CARSON DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE! $ 0.00 SALERY
U.S.ARMYVETERAN
NEWTONIAN
100% FARM PRODUCTION
NOPOISON
NEWDIRT
Really? Perry is a box of rocks and I don't want the Oops guy in charge of nuclear waste.
the department of what?
Isn't he a Globalist?
but totally unqualified.  Another good job Brownie nominee.
who amazingly forgot the name of the department he was about to declare he would like to eliminate.
He passed the strict "do I know him?" & "am I possibly sexually attracted to him?", vetting process from DJT.
department of energy not education
you two are idiots. Literally. I could scientifically prove it but you don't believe in science. #oilbitches
WANTS TO DO AWAY WITH DOE! Perry has a ranch in Texas called "NIGGERHEAD". Video of him trying to get out of DUI.
Didn't know the election date or age to vote....the list goes on and on of Perry being stupid corrupt and racist.
Does @GovernorPerry still think the DOE should be abolished? And if so, how does he intend to delegate auth.to other departments?
Please insist a scientist who understands evidence & peer reviewed journals gets the job http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rick-perry-department-of-energy_us_587721a0e4b092a6cae559d6 …
why do you think a scientist should be in charge of DoE? This is an administrative position.
he wanted to abolish the DOE, and forgot what it was.  That makes him a strong nominee??  WTF.
Was he on Dancing with the Stars?
And with that,  Rand Paul's dignity fades into the fog of a foreign coup
We're on to you, leftists. The fake Russian stuff doesn't work. It's garbage...much like your party.
But Come on Senator , He's kind of an idiot, isn't he?
Analysis: True but misleading. Strong conservative: check   Nominee for DOE: check   Qualified to lead DOE: no
We call him Pointy Boots.  And we don't trust him.  Neither should you.  Unless you have the $$$$ to pay for it.
His qualifications seem woefully low for this positon.  Please elaberate on how you got to this conclusion @MMFlint
more texans the better
Right bc TX isn't full of rednecks lmao
Strong as in bench press?  Becuase I know you don't mean mental strength from Captain Oops.
