#MedicareForAll
You have lost your mind somewhere. #RomancingSocialism is bad for your health
I want the same public funded healthcare @RandPaul has. If it's good enough for him it's good enough for me.
Mkay Mr #MedicareForAll, covet much? Here is a novel idea....go earn it.
Because if you can't earn enough to gain what is considered a basic human right in all modern countries, you don't deserve to live. Harsh!!!
Health care is NOT a 'right'.
Unless you live in Austria, Belarus, Croatia, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Luxembourg
Malta, Moldova, the Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, Romania, Russia, Serbia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, Ukraine, UK, or any modern country.
Gee, what would that do to Kynect and the 80K Kentuckians benefiting from it?
3/4 aren't "losing" ins, they will opt not to buy ins.. there's a differences.
Assuming you're correct (source?), "only" 20k lose.  60k cross fingers, we all pay for expensive care for those with bad luck.  Free riders!
Individual health saving accounts, selling across state lines, I don't know why Farmers couldn't offer me a plan for catastrophic?
Why will he lose 80%, because many will opt out and/or that I'll keep the extra 500 bucks ( that's my premium increase as of Jan this year)
You blew it, @RandPaul You do not take into consideration popular vote of what people want. Instead, you want to abandon your constituents.
!! 800,000 !! Jobs available NOW or soon AMERICAN FREEDOM time to get off MEDICAID
That is so easy 4 U 2 say.  Do you make minimum wage and raise a family? Doubt it, DumbassLindaBot. #GOPTraitors only spew lies. #Commies
Been there, done that  FREEDOM  M A N Y can get off Medi-caid Especially when they OPEN THEIR EYES & see how they were forced ON IT
I'm sure you have no problem in the fact you collect or will collect #SocialSecurity? LOL #GOPHypocrites make me . Selfish unless 4 rich.
Sure will....they keep taking it out of my check.  I would support the removal of SS deductions so  But, BIG DIFFERENCE!! I WORKED.
Oh, Linda. U truly R a special lady. Get on the Short Yellow Bus. Many folks on Medicaid work their asses off+still cannot afford insurance.
Some.  Doesn't mean govt should lock their votes up with healthcare cuffs.  Fraud is killing the goodness of taxpayers and it's GAME OVER 
Rand Paul occasionally realized he has a spine, and even more infrequently, can actually locate and employ it to some effect.
How do we get the entire Republican Party to get some gonads like Sen Rand Paul! He is putting forth what's best for America not lobbyist
What big win??? Is that all you care about, winning? There is no winning when you've got your healthcare and the rest of us are on our own.
#RandPaul has same health care as us!  Know your facts otherwise you "might" appear #ignorant 
He may have but he doesn't pay the premium
What proof do you have proving your accusation?   #IStandWithRand #RandRally #RandPaul
Your "win" hurts poor working families. Shame on you and all who voted yes.
You think you're the only one that works? How about preexisting conditions, women's healthcare, higher rates #getoveryourself
No. Winning by killing innocent Americans is not a victory for a us senator
Rand is an American hero, just listen douchebags
Rand is right about 30% of the time, which is better than most Republicans.
cutting the rate of growth is not doing away w/medicaid. Ppl will opt out by choice. 6.5mil already have.
we've lost gr8 doctors & the 1s still practicing tht I speak w/h8 Ocare. Set up a separate option 4 pre-existing & leve free mrkt.
Everyone applauds McCain voting on health care after his difficult surgery but no one points out he is exempt from Obamacare!
Rand Paul is a Dr who actually hates health care for people. He'll go down in the history books as trying to take care away from 32 million
Thank God your evilness didn't pass in the repeal. You fail, repeal fails and the people will win!
No HealthCare system should force others 2 pay expenses for elective & cosmetic procedures & related treatments/drugs 4such elective choices
Though only Trump probably could have defeated HRC, Paul or Cruz would have been a much better President than what we have.
rgram218@gmail.com
Also stop this Russian madness and tax payers money.
rgram218@gmail.com
Also make it people's choice of coverage at a fair price and get people off Medicaid that can work.
rgram218@gmail.com 
Need to repeal and replace.
need to repeal and replace :) and give people their choice of coverage at at fair price
Clean repeal on nightmare Obamacare. Dems need to explain how America had best health insurance before Obama
I'm still hoping for a clean repeal. And go back to before Obama. Obamacare has destroyed the health of middle-class America.
You are a doctor, unlike all the lawyers in Congress who know nothing about health care. Keep up the good work.
Also all congressmen and senators seem to make millions but do a shitty job staying in touch with the average american
No one likes any of the senators.
Can't afford to go to a doctor and have anything done because her deductible is 6000 dollars!!!!!
It's not just young people that have high premiums and deductibles!! I have a friend that is a nurse that
Senator rand Paul, I'm tired of you bucking your on people by bucking repeal of Obamacare! Stop it!!!!
OMG please resign GOP killing Americans please do the right thing and QUIT
Father a Dr. & politician, good home, great life.
What exactly do you have in common with people? and why are you rep them? #corrupt
For Rand, winning big means we're still forced to buy for-profit hc insurance. He can't bilk us enough.
I thought @RandPaul was for the people, until he voted AGAINST straight repeal last night! He's from a welfare State, and his vote proved it
Go Rand!  It is time to hold the Republicans feet to the fire and get FULL repeal.
Too skinny. Taxes should be repealed.
Thant  you Senator RAND Paul
No insurance bailout no big government. Government couldn't take care of veterans why do we think they could do better with insurance
You didn't win big on jack shit. We are watching you today. Your future depends on how you vote today. That is all!
Nope, just another loser. Sad.
One requirement in the HC bill will solve all the issues: Congress has to enroll in the HC they pass. Motivation to get it right.
wins squat. You think you have the ball - but you're on your own goal line and it's 4th down,  clock running out .
Democrats are not interested in success only Profit only subsidies of intentional failure & crises. If these are the 'Good', what's 'Bad'..?
@mmj031 
You voted no to repeal when you finally had the chance- Good God.
Now please do something to fix the real problem in HC - price distortion. @tickerguy has a one-sentence proposal to do just that
Congratulations
More like .. let people CHOOSE what they need, repeal Monopoly Protec.. serious Tort Reform..more FRAUS INVESTIGATIONS.. Priv Health Accts
There is no such animal... A UNIVERSIAL PLAN THAT COVERS EVERYONE... fiscally impossible..
I voted for you in the primaries for a reason!
You're an American hero!
Rand Paul Wins Big on ‘Skinny Repeal’ After Multiple Meetings With Trump - Big League Politics
Rand Paul Wins Big on ‘Skinny Repeal’ After Multiple Meetings With Trump - Big League Politics
Rand Paul Wins Big on ‘Skinny Repeal’ After Multiple Meetings With Trump - Big League Politics
Thankful for your continued effort Mr. Paul!
Get rid of all of it in phases
I appreciate that you will not support handing over more money to insurance companies.  Insurance companies have ruined patient care.
I figured you and Trump worked out a plan during your day of golf.
Rand Paul is an eye doctor
he will help you see
liberty & freedom
is the way it ought to be
big govt is a crime 
Rand Paul dropping the dime
He's not a dr he has not have a license
To you sir.
Well done, Senator Paul!  Bravo!
That idea should get kicked out of sight!
Don't let it go to your head nera lol. Just keep  away...
It better be something good, otherwise it will send home GOP legislators in 2018
Selling Americans up the river...shame on you.
I thought that said "bans wig" instead of "wins big".  My bad.
Rand is an idiot...has no vision on what a final bill will & should be...just like his dad, a grand stander...gone in 2018...
The people who want free healthcare, expanded Medicaid, no drugs restrictions need to move to another country. Look at taxes paid there.

Obviously not the best but a start in the right direction.  Still have a lot of money being spent on subsidies that may be unnecessary
Need you as Libertarian candidate, Rand.  You've my vote
Nice, @RandPaul U've got UR #GOPBots+#RussiaBots wrkng overtime 4U. UR a Commie just like Russians who suck. Try caring about America 1st.
A man of integrity & deep personal convictions
Get on board
Someday you will be President
Please keep battling for those buying from in open market (small biz owners); Premium+Deductible =$30k b4 ins. pays; USELESS! #insane
.@RandPaul actually gives a damn abt the American ppl & is the only one w/big enough ball to call out the #Mueller #WitchHunt #Russiahoax
Get rid of Obama Care ASAP! Free market. Personal choice. Limits on what ins Co can charge. High risk pay more. Healthy pay less. Choices!
"Bigly" not Big League. If U R going to be a surrogate of @POTUS do it right. U might end up like Sessions and I don't think you want that.
Way to go. You are quickly becoming my favorite.

Democrats in Youngstown, Ohio love President Trump for being the only President ever to fulfill his campaign promises to Ohio! #MAGA #TRUMP
People will thank you if you can continue cooperating. And will support you more if you can convince that two GOP women who voted NO today
yes yes yes
People want Obamacare gone, but they want to keep the ACA. GOP is the party of sheep
Kudo's to the DOC!
Senator what sort of plan do you intend to replace it with? Nothing but respect for your work, but I'm ready to hear solutions.
go getum RP
Big in the pocket, not in soul. That God u believe in so much will have u account for ur actions. A thought 2 consider while counting ur $
Why is it my responsibility to subsidize your healthcare? My family suffers because of it.
Purposely harming Americans while you sit pretty with taxpayer funded healthcare for life is nothing to boast about. #SaveACA
Get govt out of healthcare! I do not want to pay for your healthcare
U do not pay for my healthcare. I pay into my employee plan & don't mind paying a bit more to offset so retirees & preexisting are covered.
Zzzzzz
Wow rand .   Its all about you .. too bad yur not president
What's up with Collins amd Murkowski?  Why?
Maybe you should worry more about citizen winning big instead of your ego. Tired of working my ads off to pay for the inept congress
Senator Paul thanks for your help in moving forward with health care. Why we can't separate  Medicare from the HCA  is beyond me.
I want to see you do more than just obstruct progress Rand. That is easy to do. Move Beyond principal and get something done!!
When my sister dies, I'll be sure to invite you to the funeral.
Hope you got my voicemail today. You and Mitch are vile.
Vote them out such cruel people to go after the poor. Shame shame
Sometimes I wonder why Obama always had to go over everybody to get things done because yous guys block them now it's reverse
You are no winner, you are an obstacle and obstruction to the American people you claim to represent
Should have been one meeting and if you guys would have stuck to your words when you ran for Senator is we wouldn't be in this situation
TY
Shame on you.
Hollow win without all pieces of the puzzle. Get it done!
Insurance across state lines! We need that!
It's coming
Congrats & thank U4 being on #WorkingAmerica side, 4 TOO LONG ABUSED by #Establishment TAXED 2death 2pay 4 ILLEGALS & "Migrants"! @POTUS @VP
thank you for not selling out to big insurance
Rand Paul had insurance. Don't take it away from others
Self promoting with the best of them!!! You care more about your image then the impacts of your bill
Sold your soul to donny for a couple of coins! Time to vote these people out!
I hear a lot about all the people that might loose their coverage, what about the millions of people that already have lost it??
So add more to the roster then?
Your priggish statements serve no one but your billionaire Overlords. You should come tell average KY's how you'll cut our healthcare
2/2 taking healthcare away from Americans is considered a victory. what's wrong with the people who elected you.
WHAT WILL CONGRESS DO ABOUT THIS?
https://twitter.com/Kimjord40496251/status/889992336440266752 …
Rand is Bae Jr. Ron is Bae Sr! all the liberty love!
During presidential you were no threat to Trump at all,he didn't even pay attention to you it's like you didn't exist. taking healthcare 1/2
Great job @RandPaul in standing your ground and finding solution with @POTUS 
Wow, a little self adulation lately? Your petty ideologic "win" is 32 million Americans loss. Time for a town hall #FREEKENTUCKY
Shame is the correct word for you.  You have the poorest state and at the bottom for education.  Take the toupee off.
Thank you Senator!
Great Work Senator
THANK YOU RAND!
Good Job Rand... you are a great American..
I think you should look at Ted Cruz's plan.
#StandWithRand no others compare
need a laugh.
HE CAN MAKE ,,SHIT,,RUN UP HILL.
https://twitter.com/tommychong/status/889868493889433600 …
Way to go Senator
Your my favorite Senator.  Thanks to you and your father for standing up to the greed and corruption.  For our rights as citizens.  #dts
The article is linked. So I guess the Senator is just redundant then?
No it's a summary to entice people to click the link. Tweeting links alone doesn't yield as many impressions.
Forever thanks to Senator Paul
Very impressive Trump gets what he wants and Rand Paul change his position from no to yes and call that Big league politics what a .....
Paul Paul why do you still persacute me. Who art though lord. My name is JESUS you are ignoring.
Don't quit! Single payer is not an option! Ins reform needed or medicine in the USA will be destroyed stop big pharm
Everyone lost.
SSI owes me for my second death and resurrection that took place February 16, 2010. This is the big hold up anything else is inferior to thi
We need more senators like @RandPaul . He's the man
Sure Fla cracker!
One of the truly good senators
Trump is a businessman as long as you are going his way he let you talk and give you the illusion of gaining something.he gets what he wants

Look at all the liberal tears. 
high five on fucking the poor sick and elderly into a ditch...
Well done TY
Great comments on Jeff sessions today. States Rights
Paul basically I can not grant the republicans until SSI approves my third appeal . if SSI starts paying me than I have power over Obahma cq
An I call you foul .all Republicans are all the same an thank God I did not vote for any Republican an thank God I did not vote for trash
Vote him out. Shame. #iamapreexistingcondition
If they choose to keep it intact. It would no longer be mandatory. And no one has read the final bill so who knows. Shameful.
PLEASE work on net neutrality and bill S. 1241. Both EVIL propositions that rob us of freedom

Thank you Senator.
The kind of politics that don't care what the people want.
Keep working it. But at the end of the day something needs to voted on to repeal obamacare.  The other issues can be addressed next month.
Thank you for your support of Trump
Skinny repeal will devastate KY and my family. 1/2 million new people insured in KY because of #ACA & no lifetime caps saved my son's life
Mmm. Right. So it's MY responsibility to pay for his care?? Not yours??? 

What trash. 
How do you sleep at night? You're nothing like your father and that's a shame. Your father is a great man.
What worries me is that i wont ever be able to pay the "tax aka fine, and still work myself to death
YES YES YES RAND GRAB THE MIKE AND MAKE NOISE WE HAVE YOUR SIX!
I'm with you Senator!
Principled and loyal. Winning combination. Paul's political stock just went way up in my book. Thank you Sir!!
An so did the price on your insurance ha ha ha ha ha water brain
Typical sad liberal resorting to personal attack. Go figure.
At least I didn't vote for nut case an a liar .an an he only won by eltro college votes that a really big win she had  the VOTES known fact
Peace be with you. God Bless.
Don't say God be with me ..he's always with me an that the good LORD I DIDN'T VOTE FOR SUCH AN NASTY MAN
Great job Rand! Keep it up! Don't let them ignore you any longer!
KY is awful enough. With another half a million uninsured, I guess will be deserted soon
Get a grip, man. Maybe your problem is youre addicted to the nanny state. I guess you like eating turds if that's what the state gives you.
You mean Bigly Politics: hyperbolic, self-serving talk signifying nothing.
I love you and your dad
Rand, @Reince hates you and me for this. He almost failed vote today. Because of John we prevailed.
Proud of yourself for taking healthcare from tens of millions.  How do you sleep at night?
Im so glad your the voice that tells the Senate "Stop Bullshittin'"!! They act like they haven't had 7 years to figure out free market!
