I agree. They set the country back 50 years in 3 weeks.
Untrue. And any lack of progress under @BarackObama was direct result of harmful obstruction from @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP
Russians connected w/ dossier, who since died Erovinkin, Krivov, Karlov, Melanin, Chandelon, Polshikov, Churkin
you have done nothing
yes hey hve- they have completely undone the progress of the last 100 years
no tears luv! Just laughter at your stupidities
how is that guy simultaneous pro-life and pro-capital punishment? 

nice you meet you, comrade of #TheResistance
So then why did we pay you over the last 6 years? And isn't it about time you got your lazy ass to work?
you've clearly burned thru more taxpayer's money in a MONTH than Obama did in an entire YEAR!
shawn...not!
$11M+ in one month! That doesn't include $15M for Melania or sons' trips promoting Trump golf course! Way more than O!
You are amazing Senator Paul! (and actually my first choice for President) Thank You for supporting our@potus
unfortunately- marching backwards on clean water, women's reproductive rights, and civil rights. Not good.
. We are not move backwards but reject left wing extremist policies that ruined the economy.
that was Bush that killed the economy. Obama brought down unemployment & the stock market soared.
BS
You certainly have done more HARM in the last 4 weeks...
And I'm sure there will be a LOT more to come.
#impeachtrump
....in..ma...usa.  ur going.
I guess being obstructionists for so long makes these past few weeks seem productive.
When r u going to vote on something? Stop talking & put something on POTUS' desk to sign already!!!!!!!!
@LLmiiller @RandPaul Could that be because your goofy ass filibustered Obama for 8 straight years Rand?  What a flaming hypocrite.
backup. Obama had the house & senate 2ys. What they pushed thru is why the democrats are no longer in pwr
The stimulus bill went through and worked. The ACA got pushed through and worked. 75 straight months of job
then why do think the Dem party is devastated? If everything was so awesome for 8 yrs?why are they losing
history, but he won because the US would succumb to all evils without a powerful figure. They placate fear.
Pelosi is the queen of fear! The Dems had the house, the senate, Obama. Fear made the county vote Trump?
You should think about just logging off. You seems so angry. Is it worth the high blood pressure?
if you like this direction so much, move to Russia
No! That what the democrats want - socialism, communism, therefore you need to move to Russia.
How far down the rabbit hole you've fallen.
yes, you've taken away our AIR, WATER, FOOD protections and let the banks screw us again. You are really doing alot
wrong fix the country after Obama ruined with left wing extremist policies that ruined ecomy.
again this tweet ? Stop harassing . Gop looked like fools with that ban thing
No, you look like fools trying to have open borders and paying for all the illegals.
That's because Mich and the GOPS tries to block whatever OBama tries to achieved.
Obama had control of the congress when he took office. What did he accomplish?
ACA for 20million ppl. It's hard to accomplish something when the opposite side is against you.
I didn't think Executive Orders required you to do anything??? Our new President doesn't trust you guys either!!!
maybe we should pat congress on the back but can we get the money back that was paid for your salaries in the last 6yrs
you've done more in the past six weeks to destroy this country than improve it.
#MAGA
Yeah, right. Done nothing that's any good, for anyone.
Funny how that works: Republicans spend 8 years being obstructionist, nothing gets done. And you STILL won't #DoYourJob.
Thanks for supporting Trump. Keep this up and we'll vote for you in the next election.
thanks for admitting what we've seen & known, that you have done nothing last few years #notmyrepublicanparty
Thanks for committing treason on America and refusing to work 4 the last 8 years. At least we got 6 weeks of work out ya
the manlets coming round, plenty of subject matter there
@FurryMcShtuffin
Thanks for this.
ohhh! C'mon Randy! Do u truly believe that ?American people are not either stupid or blind. Terrible!
Duh.  When you spend all your time saying no and obstructing government, you don't get much done.  Now you have Trump.

Why did you and McCain meet with Pelosi at her home last week?
did you forget the obstruction of the Republican Party during Obama presidency? Selective memory.
your state isn't the mainstream, what do you know about a progressive state, your know nothing
noted the economy and cut taxes for business over people's life's. As you long as the rich are okay.Your an embarrassment
you state has one thing going for it Kentucky Wildcats. Your state hasn't one professional team. We dont need you buddy.
There are only a few real conservative left. the gop has been hijacked by the the buffoons of doom. Trashy at best
stop tweeting you are doing a grand disservice to your self, how low will you go?
while the American people suffered you& the gop sat on your hands, wonderful news,inherently evil
admitting you haven't did anything in six years implies you sand bags need another occupation no2careerpoliticians
that's a joke
Divide by race, economic, entitlements, we have the infamous Republican party.
Alianted allies, became global pariah, given voice to racists. way to go!
You voted Russian sleepers, Destroyed public schools, Destroyed the EPA (food & drug safety) Destroyed national security
obviously, not everyone over there expected all the actual work ppl demand. #MAGA
Let no whiny, living in fantasy-landers get in the way. No one cared when my family lost my insurance&job bc of O'noCare
at some point you Republicans have to be truthful. Omission of facts is a lie. Gop is an American killer
it's always harder to take candy away from the kids than it is to give it to them.
This is like burning down my house instead of cleaning it and calling myself efficient.
yes, more damage to our planet,our democracy,our wellbeing,our international standing&our futures. History won't be kind.
.@FoxNews @RandPaul But not doing more good. Yes, a lot of changes have happened, but not the good kind. Screw our kids, animals, earth, etc
Congrats, we are now a 3rd world country hated by most of the world, good job.
-and why havent you done anything for 6 yrs; there's the shame of it-and what's been done now, signing a name?
we love you @RandPaul !always true always strong!
I HOPE SO; JUST ASK the insurance companies to or mandate TO charge less FOR KIDS UP TO 26 and chronic ill/life or death.
Keep standing up for Trump Rand. It's all we have left.
If by "we" you mean the GOP that would be true. You did nothing but collect a check for the last 8 years. #FactsMatter
You guys haven't done anything. BTW, the ACA is a nightmare. What did you do to prevent that? Blood of poor on ur hands!
Did he forget Obama stopped the worst economic failure since the Depression? Done more? GOP has caused more fear,for sure
The fact that it's been six years of nothing speaks volumes to your leadership. #ACA
Disappointing to see Rand sux up to Trump, turning into ur typ. GOP politician, could care less abt the ppl. #MuslimBan
Love u Sen. Paul. McCain is being used by Dems & Soro. Medias love him now cuz he's against POTUS. McCain is a disgrace
you could do even more if you would stop walking out of meetings because you don't get your way.
More of what? Chaos? And much more would have been accomplished under Obama if the GOP did not block every single thing.
Love u Sen. Paul. McCain is being used by Dems & Soros. Medias love him now cuz he's against POTUS. McCain is a disgrace
like a bad employee??? Only appears to be working (not well) when the boss is paying attention (citizens not Trump)
I agree rand you have destoyed democracy and brought back racism in one month
Well since you haven't done anything in 6 years, I guess so.
#StandWithRand
if Rand did not bash Trump during election, he would be on his cabinet right now.  Maybe he can still be some day...
LOL, he's right!! @GOP didn't do squat for the last 6-8 years. Now they have lots to do hiding treason of our President!
no shit, him and his buddies grid locked congress
Thank you for Your Honesty and for Supporting the President  Those Traitors McCain and Graham and Ryan Are Loyal to Soros
. Wow great ..I think if u guys could work on reducing taxes, that would help everyone in amer. Stop w the appeals 4 now
Nice weave.
well said! @realDonaldTrump
To destroy Our country. Agree. Not one positive note other than right to hate speech
Rand, you can't blow smoke about Congress failure to do anything the last 6 yrs. We see with our own eyes and ears
All the more reason to educate your constituents so that they can vote you out of office.
Incoherent Politician on Faking Oxymoronic Xenophobic NEWS throws word vomits 2unthinking&parroting audience blaming PBO.
wrong
A Republican says this
TPP and NAFTA needs reform and we need to leave NATO.
Randy...great job
Nice when someone speaks the truth
seriously you are as delusional as the president
yall have certainly done more HARM. snakes basking in the swamp.
sure you have. The country is more divided & embarrassed than ever before so you can take credit for that.
h
ANOTHER Racist
Then you are a totally delusional fool. Sad. God help America.
Thanks Rand for speaking out about all the positive things going on in the Trump WH.  Paul is not afraid to speak up
nothing positive that's going to help people
Also you're a coward. Forgot that part, Mr. "Republicans shouldn't waste time investigating other Republicans." Spineless
Jesus, @RandPaul. How have you kept your job if you admit you haven't done anything in the past 6 yrs?
like what?
rand Paul I was a bit of a fan now you just f.ck your policy career.
That's because The Republican congress fought everything Obama wanted to do .. They wanted to screw Obama  every step.
MAN OH MAN are you CORRECT, Rand
Republican senators didn't sign a pact to block EVERYTHING Trump did. Oh wait...That's because pushing their agenda
so you say he #BannonWhiteHouse "saved" that money. More or less than what the wall is going to cost? 100mill-24bill=...
That is plain to see.
I will actually call you a lie
#termlimits @markallenhart @BretBaier @ScottPelley @AC360
People are seeing the massive effort, Trump must fight his way thru to make changes needed and will DO IT! Thank You
Last Twenty years of Legislative, both parties knowledge of Regulation and they knew nothing RandPaul and 45th are Idiots
So nice to hear and see...Thank You Pres.
that's because you haven't done anything in the previous 6 years
More done in 4 weeks By President Trump,  than in last 6 years under Fake President  Obamanation.
such as?  This is a very ambiguous statement
like what?  You've done nothing
Go Donald!
Trump said Paul shouldn't even be on the same stage with only 1% of vote. Guess Paul changed his tune!!
I would put the timeframe @ 50 years.
So many rich white dudes wanting to get rid of ACA. When was the last time you couldn't go to the doctor or afford the Rx
Democrats  Please stop drinking the Nancy Pukelosi Vineyards Brainwashing Kool-Aid! It fills you with hate and delusion!
lets repeal the raises for the lest six years then
.trumps got the right ideas.
Repeal the money(Aid) US taxpayers give to Israeli Jews?
That's $3,400m #Trump would save EVERY YEAR he's in.
Yes. You have done more damage........
@_Proud_American @RandPaul 
so the REPUBLICANS FINALLY ADMIT THEIR OBSTRUCTIONISM...good
didn't they choose not to get anything done. They wanted Obama to be a 1 term pres and vowed to block all his policies.
Any proof?  Nope, just that you'd "actually say" it's true, because you said it. Wake up, America.
really? What I see is a country not moving ahead but backwards.
@LLmiiller @RandPaul All complaints... no solutions. Typical Republican.
please don't stop. I believe our time is short.
just stop it. You know what you're doing
Shame!!
Thank you for saying this RandPaul
what did he say, he stated his moronic view. self grandiose is another form of dillusional
agreed. You've managed to completely fuck up our nation. Was a democracy, now a dictatorship. Well done!
that's sad. You should have been shoveling bills out forcing the Dems to vote against it or veto them.
Just a lot of smoke screens. Nothing has really been done. That is why they go on the defensive on every question asked.
yes yes,they attack every religion,group,ethnicity,the press,lies like there's no tomorrow..so yes
if you you've spent more money, why yes...you have. Take more vacations....spread more lies....yes, you've done a lot
I agree. YOU and Congress didn't do shit.
I would actually say you are living in a different universe if you believe that. #Trumpridesarockinghorse
what divide the nation? Great job. I guess bringing back slavery will be your next accomplishment.
repealing Obamacare is more important than investigating Russia? Got it.
The Kremlin agrees, Comrade!
more damage and destruction to the government and made our White House a disgrace
Thank You Senator , somebody who gets it ..
Yes, PLEASE help President Trump accomplish this.
And y'all have done what you promised!

Yea, and I would honestly say you're telling a lie. You've probably told more lies.
yes and 3 more weeks and we are going to be in the abyss.
We know what you bums were doing the last 8 yrs.
and yet chris wallace thinks nothing has been done...go to cnn chris
Trump's admin.  hasn't done anything but enforce laws already in place, remove financial regulations and cause chaos.
...It's about time Rand...stick with President Trump and you will have many more productive weeks !!!!
get it??!!
it's true, you did nothing for 8 yrs but now that the orange pig is in power you are all in full work mode covering up
obamacare and or Medicare are not the same thing.
Well, yeah. On McConnell's say so, you did nothing but obstruct Obama. Now you're kowtowing to Dictator Don. Do not brag.
of course it's a Republican President
And doing some major damage!
I agree!!
you need to get back to the drawing board as far as the ACA is concerned! Your plan sucks!
