Sensorship on twitter is crazy, shadow banning changing settins so you cant communicate pushing negative responses to top burying good 1s
@RandPaul for President 2024 
Lot of Good Thoughts. Mixed on some issues.
Voters gave @GOP majority 2 #MAGA & save R Repub from Dem #Socialism GOP elites STOP UNDERMINING @POTUS-SUPPORT him. #NoAugustRecess #Work
the free rights are most important Global eager
nothing will ever get accomplished until the republicans stop being politicians and get united ,every step of disunity sparks dems
Freedom of speech has a line you cannot cross.
We haven't had Freedom of Association protection in decades. Don't like my gay wedding, you get sued. That was the first right we lost.
That's gov't's chief job description.
As in how you voted against my right to privacy when you allowed tech companies to collect my data without consent #randpaul
Support our president and his agenda, get it done
Traitor.he wanted HILLARY to win
This is as crooked as it gets,trying to hide the unmasking,Congress needs to setup now
How can we stop all the susan rice documents being sent to Obama library,Tom Fitton requested,now can't get them
..aaand rights to privacy...??
True
We are behind you all the way!
Yeah the GOP can keep talking on phone while dems listen and Make up next false allegation
If you wanted to stop the need for gov surveillance then stop importing migrants that we have to follow because they adhere to Radical Islam
Senator
Why can't we admen the first amendment?
ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE is the best compromise for dealing with data that may involve incidental collection.
It's tough
We no longer have free speech,  my daughter lost her state job b/c she posted her fear of the BLM when she is in her work shirt. Career gone

#StandWithRand
Never Forget 

Paul FULLY Supports:

 Gianforte VIOLENCE towards a reporter asking about #TrumpCare
 Cutting MILLIONS off Health Care
Our gov will do nothing to protect US any trouble and they run away and We take the brunt of it. They do not go to war they send US to die.
@mikewright1997 ...As they "ONCE" did!
You use can as if your are not. Why not use You are protecting and preserving all American's rights whether Republicans or Democrats.
Senator Paul. I do not understand how spying on dear Aunt Bee's communications with her sowing circle is in the national interest.
Congress,Trump Admin, Homeland Security,DOD need to be really concerned re: hacking of our electrical grind...a disaster waiting to happen
Senator Paul, THANK YOU for everything you do. AMERICANS appreciate all your HARD WORK! It is SO DISHEARTENING watching the DEMS!!
We all agree, I think, that terrorists and Sharia-law actors, don't need the Internet or cell phones to commit terror--so send 'em all back!
Totally agree!
And thank you for your opposition to the unpatriotic patriot act
How???????
Doesn't national security include threats from within? Why can't we deny sale of firearms to those with history of domestic violence?
They already do keep guns away from anyone with convictions. Most family are scared to report abuse
how to deal with #FakeNews promoting hatred/violence like isis? @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @FLOTUS  @GovMikeHuckabee  @batchelorshow
No Way I Not  Trust in Congress building no
God bless you all 
Hey where's your stunt to find out what's in the Senate health care bill? You did it in the House, why not now?
You Can use Security person Working to Protect  government building Sir
Stay on top of this and please investigate the prior administration.
But after You Working you Can carely guns to protect your self I Support second Ammendment
Obama used NSA as his personal political hatchet crew
I Not support  in Congress Buildings carely a Guns together. because  you  (D)and (R)Hate too much you Can killing together. But after Work
Every American has a right to pee freely without the government illegally searching your urine

@RandPaul @SenMarkey @McConnellPress
Where are the 47 hard drives the FBI has from the leaker contractor?  That is the real story, find them and let it out what BO did to us!
Yes!! Crimes just swept under the rug..this has got to stop!!
@GOP what free speech u in congress all sit back while its ignored by officials all across the cntry Free speech my azz!
America turned their bwck on God years ago. And God has no protection on america for the last 4 years or longer
thanks
Rand...the deep state has to go..plain and simple...or we have no country 
That only going to happen when Jesus return
Tennessee Homeowner Credits Jesus Christ After Georgia Fugitives Surrender in His Driveway http://bit.ly/2sq5nwb 
Keep up the great work, Mr Paul!
