It's not about Saudis getting weapons, it's about defense contractors getting paid.
Slaughtering millions of fellow earth inhabitants for profit = Capatilism.
Actually, it's not capitalism as much as the abuse of power wielded by extremely wealthy corps & banks served by fascist government.
I believe you just defined unregulated capitalism.
Free markets do not exist because power seeks total control, and has successfully rigged everything 2 their liking. Even education's rigged.
We need more Senators like you, tell it like it is brother
Ive critisized you before... But good on you for this!
its all about business! who cares about reliability!?
On the Sauds - 1st thing you have said in years that was intelligent. Keep it, people might respect you again.
He Did the Right thing about Yemen, last Year, the Saudi F-16 fighter jets bombs a Funeral House full of Civilians, over 155 people dead,
#RINO
The United States of America has been the defender of the house of Saud since 1933 and will remain so for the foreseeable future until chang
The #Saudi govt hate their own #Muslim brothers, just as the #Israeli govt hates everyone. Stop writing cheques for both.
Sounds like Rand Paul should become a dem.
Oh settle down Rand.  You are so uptight.  Makes your hair curler.  Relax.. @realDonaldTrump 's got this!
تعودنا ان هذه التصريحات للستهلاك العام او للابتزاز
Emotional basket cases. Where is peace, love, and faith in a God who loves you.
You obstruct as much as Dems. Whose side are you really on?
Kudos, That was sound! 
The only weapons they should get are defective  broken crap. Junkyard crap. 
Better yet, none. Sanctions.
#MomsDemandArmsSense
Guess what lil rand ?? They will get it you're mad because Saudi gov refuse your visiting visa 
No weapons for Saudi Arabia but make a bad deal with Iran .
'MERICA
And who are you again ?????
 @RandPaul 
 Well said regarding Saudis & Defence. Bravo!!  
For decades, we - Iranians - have repeated your sentences, but ears are deaf in the #US government
Should have been Sanders vs Paul, not Crooked Hillary vs Terrorist Trump
SMH
Bravo Senator Paul. You are one of a handful of politicians in DC who give me hope for this country.
senator Rand

why don't u visit saudi arabia to see how much efforts saudi arabia is providing to help yemen ?!
Yes, "helping" Yemen by bombing the shit out of them and starving them. I hope someone "helps" Saudi too someday soon...
That's because Iran is trying to take over Yemen
I stand with Rand on this one.

Haha ... that is not making money for Orange  , you should send yours , you surely stock up by now , you know ... Obama gonna take your guns
@realDonaldTrump LOVES the Saudi government. NO they don't need more weapons.
You are right @RandPaul because they use it against the innocent ppl of YEMEN. Enough, Yemen has suffered a lot. No more Weapons, please!
What about Qatar?  They are barred fom flying here, so they bought our airplanes ?
Sorry I disagree.
Yet, @realDonaldTrump acted the lickspittle to "make the deal." Sad.
Senator you come across as a reasonable person on some issues but you are dead wrong on this issue.
Agree but Trump has big business dealings there so they are his buddy..
My advice to you is you should do more reading on history & politics before speaking to the public
Saudi has never ever promoted hate or waged wars against other people. It's your country that have a bad history of genocide and hate
Well the reality is we are your best ally in the region but if you are not up for it then someone else is ready to take your place
How much money did russia give you what did donnie give you paul follow the money because others will be implicated sure you want  that.
So you voted no to this but ok with voting no to sanction against russia so how was the golfing trip with donnie what does have on you paul.
Fly their own planes to New York.
Tnx senator ,you are a great man
Why not take the deal a build something better oh wait lets obstruct return on investments to be a politician
I agree
No one should trade weapons outside of war time.
Yes! Please @POTUS not one single American thinks Saudi Arabia is an ally and cares about being "allied" with them. Cancel the arms deal!
Well said Sen. If u cud pls kindly highlight the fact how USA money via KSA is infesting traditionaly moderate nations like our Maldives
I was shocked to learn our POTUS made this deal. I feel betrayed. This is bathing in the swamp not draining it.
https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower3.html 
Supplying Saudi's w/weapons was 1st brokered by Kissinger so they would trade their oil in petrodollar after removing gold standard.#endfed
what do the numbers 9-11 and 15 of 19 have in common? The epicenter of international terrorism.
You need to support our GOP @realDonaldTrump or join the left. Potus went into the Middle East to promote  anti ISIS movement.  C'mon!
They do fund a lot of terrorist's. Not to mention treating the women miserably.
حتى دويلة الصهاينة لماذا تزودونها بالاسلحة
Don't tell us that... tell your pimp @realDonaldTrump
Saudi Arabia is a terrorist state
Jobs jobs jobs
Rand, KSA may become a reliable ally and it is best we attempt new FP as for the last how many decades the FP of USA has stunk! #MAGA
In what ways are they an ally at all?
Thank you for speaking out I understand pray this arms deal fails pray for the people of Yemen Pray Trump will understand!Heartbreaking news
He may be the last real deal!
I understand your point but I agree w/ @POTUS on selling weapons and working w/ Middle East nations against terrorism. See your state soon!
This is where Bernie supporters, Liberterians, and many actual conservatives can agree. Stop freaking killing people by selling weapons!
Here is the Islam here is the humanity.
Whole heartily agree with you
Russia is so that's why we let Clinton give uranium and Iran and that's why obama gave all that cash to them....those responsible allies
Did you tell this to trump?
don't sell weapons to Saudis, give them weapons.. like nukes i mean just drop it in their front yard from 2000m
#Yemen
#StopWarOnYemen
Paul u know its all about the dollars and oil what props up the US dollar going back to Nixon.
"Not a reliable ally"? Hell, they are our enemy!  We are complicit in murder of Yemeni children by indiscriminate use of US munitions
ISIS is reliable ally for America? most of their weapons are made of america and rest paid by america
What a speech! Bravo! 
People know that. Our politicians take the bribe. They don't have the courage to refuse. Disappointed in Trump.
we don't agree on much, but I do agree with you on this.
I wish they care but they don't give a FUCK!!
!!!!
Thank you for being the voice for millions of Americans who are against arming middle eastern countries
Arming Saudi Arabia and Israel at the same http://time.How  wise.I hope they won't turn those weapons against each other in future.
I respect your ideas but do not agree but can you work on shutting down the witch hunt please we the people are getting ready to stand
Block this sale.
Also what they are doing to Yemen. But then we sort what Israel does to Palestinians.
#foreignpolicy that makes sense for #America
Ask this: How many of the "Millionaire Senators" have shares in the weapons industry?
Bravo
Senator Rand Paul, thank you for confronting this abuse of power; shame on US for providing weapons 4 profit!
Rand Paul your part of the Resist group?
I agree!!!!
I agree
@wherepond rt
Well spoken supported 
@MarkSleboda1 Excellent Senator!!
Neither is Saudi Arabia's master, Israel, you fraud
It all makes sense after finding this old tweet I totally forgot about https://twitter.com/randpaul/status/400301086411472896 …
BASED RAND PAUL BACK AT IT AGAIN
@toocolddragon One of the few good guys
@realDonaldTrump was saying much of the same things before he got elected. Can you make him answerable for his actions now?
That's what you say now. Let's remember this video when you enter the White House. If you do of course then who do you think is reliable?
There is no good answer to this! But what would happen if Iran were to take over ? The enemy of your enemy is your friend.
tie deal to agreement that #SaudiArabia can NOT fund mosques in USA


You are a good man, Senator Paul.
Gotta love this guy.
isLIErael shouldn't get $38 BILLION ether, they & the insane bu$h regime did 9 11
@Ian56789 Thank you!!! You are awesome
YOU SIR, ARE A HERO. MORE LIKE THIS! #NoArmsToSaudiArabia
Don't allow this arms deal to go through, the presideny was foolish to trust the Saudis.

And he Rand
He Rand so far a-wayyyyyyyyy https://twitter.com/ALT_uscis/status/874972509875183616 …
Correct! 
It is against the law for a Jew to set foot in Saudia Arabia. Converts to Christianity are beheaded. Rand Paul - Amen!
You are on the wrong side of history. USS Cole was attacked in Yemen in 2000. The same type of attack happened this year to a Saudi frigate.
We have a lot of unreliable allies, but sometimes we have to make decisions to move things in our favor. Know Saudi Arabia is fighting Iran
I agree
Respect for standing up to President Trump.
The American people have had enough of all of you. Withholding subsidies from insurers to force Obamacare to fail. What poor excuses you are
He is your President!! You Republicans facilitated this mess. A bunch of weasels that hitched your band wagon to his. You going down.
I am inclined to agree
I agree!
Maybe that should have been considered before supporting trump simply because he ran on a republican ticket. Remember altruism & America
And Trump is not a reliable leader.
it seems to me that you might be the only person in the US who can think straight and has morals too
I hate to argue with @potus but I believe you are correct.
Rand Paul Nice,
Do reliably hate Iran, as Israel does, we're arming Saudis as a "lightning rod" & an excuse to send weapon systems trainers; aka, CIA #dumbo
For once I agree with @RandPaul #NoWeaponsForSaudis
Thank you!
So we should let Iran build up military and go nuclear with no counter to them in the area?  You want US to go to war there instead? FOOL!
Good on you @RandPaul. Taking a stand on issues like this 4 the common good is what we need now more than ever. Thank you.
After McCain, Flake, Ryan, and McConnell, you are the most obstructionist GOP in Congress. Some good, some bad, one foot in, one foot out.
I hope it's just my conspiratorial mind and today's shooting wasn't an orchestrated attempt from within he has gained some obvious enemies!
Okay, who is a reliable ally in the Saudi peninsula? Remind me, how many delegates did you win during the primaries? Just do your job.
Nothing is black and white, as the medias lead you to believe. http://www.businessinsider.com/saudi-arabia-isis-recruiters-2014-8 …
Hate what's going on in Yemen but there is a rebel gov't that has taken over, launches missiles at SA. SA has right to self-defense too.
"[al-Quada] is on our side in Syria"--email from policy advisor to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (Feb 2012)
"[al-Quada] is on our side in Syria"--email from policy advisor to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton (Feb 2012) https://wikileaks.org/clinton-emails/emailid/23225#efmAGIAHu … 
It's wrong to sale weapons to SA
Allowing free trade & business deals with Saudi Arabia does not make them an unconditional ally. So the premise of your argument is wrong.
What about the argument for free trade? You condoned doing free trade and restoring relations with Cuba didn't you?
As to ISIS, both of our countries (&others) have been accused by other countries of funding them and both our countries are targeted by ISIS
Also remember they have foiled many al Qaeda terrorist plots targeting us.
As to those who blame them for 9/11, remember that Al Qaeda is House of Saud enemy.
Hopefully President Trump has repaired, at least to a point, the damage done to our alliance by Bush and Obama.
We, under Bush (overthrowing Saddam Hussein) & Obama(overthrowing Egypt Mubarak & deal w Iran),R the ones who haven't been a "reliable" ally
Saudi Arabia have been our ally since 1931 and we have nothing to gain in making enemies of them (and vice versa).
Its cute how we always accuse others of not being reliable or trustworthy
What CNN didn't show you: CIA is known to have interfered in 81 national elections (not counting coups). https://academic.oup.com/isq/article/60/2/189/1750842/When-the-Great-Power-Gets-a-Vote-The-Effects-of … 
That works.
You cannot separate Saudi Arabia from the British & American governments. None of them should have those weapons!
God Bless you .. God protect you .. 
I wish  that @SenSchumer  @PattyMurray would help you block further sales
Arms contract was prepared under the Obama administration. Ssst, don't mention it!
Imperialism - the extension or imposition of power, authority, or influence  (Merriam-Webster)
I TRUST TRUMP. ...and his cabinet NOT Sen Paul.
Who were the national's behind 9/11 who did we invade because of it and who we are selling arms to. Can anyone make sense of this?  I can't
USA has one lone voice of reason in the senate a republican and one lone voice of reason in congress a democrat.....they have a tough fight.
Sent Paul is wrong.
Fear mongering is NOT an argument.
All sane legislators should vote no to selling arms to Saudi Arabia. It shouldn't even be a close call.
I love Trump but I don't trust the Saudis as far as I can toss them.
we should donate drivers licenses to SA women (better use of our money?)
Agreed
Hi five for this one, sir! 
Hell, the UK will be as unreliable as Saudi Arabia in a few years. It doesn't matter anymore.
We're doomed.
I completely agree. CUT OUT the Middle East! They are a fucking cancer.
Are you the only sane Senator in DC?  Wait.  Don't answer that.  Might get you in heat w/ colleagues, and my guess is accurate enough.
Yes, but I know for a fact, matters THIS deep into the Rabbit Hole, must be done at strategic times in order to achieve an important result
