Probably more than that but it's the cause that's up for debate.
Cause isn't up for debate either, from those who base their views on science and not political ideology.
Global warming is very political. Should've seen the emails about doctored data for global warming. Democrat politicians are liars.
I don't give a s*** what democrats say. I'm only concerned with science. Overwhelming majority of science community came to same conclusion.
Duh...who do I think pays for their grants to keep working??? Super PAC's that's who.
Another dumb reply. 

Scientists WORLDWIDE have come to the same consensus by way of data. No PAC needed.
The only SuperPACS in question are the republicans that profit from screwing up the planet.
Trump and Republicans show (again) that they care nothing for people or Earth. Only money. And since money is the root of evil-guess what!?
Tax cuts for the rich, unpaid spending, and unessacery wars. And Obama was the one that got this country back on track. #ungrateful
Once again Linda #ignoranceisahellofadrug. If it wasn't for the worst global recession ever caused by republican policies, that wouldn't be
Lol. Crazy Racist Alert
Most Americans wanted action on climate change and supported Paris Agreement. Crazy for POTUS45 to ignore his people.
No actually - broad support in all states
You're straight up wrong. But let's keep in touch and check back in 2030 to see how things are going.
45>44 MAGA
Obama clean energy loans leave taxpayers in $2.2 billion hole
WRONG
Obama killed the coal industry, because he's owned my the nuclear power industry. He's a loon, and a crook, and not from Chicago btw
Name a sutainable green energy source that can replace coal right now and I sure coal miners will line up to learn that new trade
And put Americans back to work. I believe wind/solar could be the future, but that much R&D is needed first
Already 5x more people employed in wind than Coal and Natural Gas
That didn't  stop him, from a couple things. Why wasn't  there a rage bout that? Why must Potus get approval for everything?
Nice to see you, Fox viewers and Trump supporters can't see the big picture. I guess the world is only 6000 yrs old too because the Bible?
With t/ extreme changes Earth's climate has made over billions of years, this guy thinks 200 years of industry is gonna kill t/ whole thing.
Glad it's gone!!!!
Yeah, I can't wait for more storms,  rising sea levels,  animal extinctions. This is going to be a great world for our kids!!!
I'm not being cynical....but do you remember when the world was telling us about acid rain & our destruction because of it?
Nothing happened
Do you remember when Trump colluded with our biggest enemy so he could make a buck? #lawyerup
How do you feel about communism?
#lawyerup
I'm living in the GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD!
I don't even think about communism...just stoopid people who think it's great!
So we are already great! Awesome! Trump did his job. Now he can resign and     #lawyerup
AND with our money. glad to see Potus45 has decimated the 8 year "legacy" of Potus 44. Thats why we elected him! Trump is doing a great job.
I agree that US can't afford to do this climate thing any longer it's breaking out economy!
Yeah, and @realDonaldTrump can't even stop people from pouring into our country to install proper vetting. BO ran amuck & no one did crap.
Thank God, again, that Hillary lost and can't continue his treason
Obama approved it 'all by himself.'  So any other President could back out of it 'all by himself.'  Get a clue Rand.
***It was an illegal action by 44. One more way in which he subverted our Constitution.
Climate change is the worst hoax perpetrated on us. I agree with @RandPaul
But sure, it's much easier to play a pundit on cable news. Good job senator.
So it is about vengeance for @POTUS44. Oh, I see!
Simply fixing all his wrongdoings! He was a lousy President; not for the people! (Not Americans anyway)
Okay.
Yes,  this is all about sticking it to Obama and also helping the millionaires and billionaires in big oil #resist
me too..
why should "one" guy be able to alter #Earth's  health.
- #USA needs to update the process.
.@RandPaul on #ParisAgreement: "I think it's crazy to think that @POTUS44 had the power to do this all by himself." 
Evidence exists that proves Earth's climate is in a state of constant change. No evidence evidence proves humans have any effect on it.
Dr.Sen. Paul. right as usual!
Nah. He doesn't know more than a NASA scientist. Sorry to burst your bubble lady.
The Paris agreement had nothing to do with science..all it did was reinforce globalism and destroy our Constitution.
WAKE UP LADY!!!
So many people were involved; now it will be interesting to see who takes the fall for barry...???
Get it done---Health care,taxes, secure borders. Save middle class!
Argue all you want about climate change.  Bottom line. Obama did not have the power.  ALL treaties must be approved by 2/3 of the Senate.
Arrogance
I think it's crazy congress can't seem to do a damn thing themselves and meaningful policy is doomed to change like the tides.
It's called abuse of power, Rand! Not new at all. In fact, Hitler took role of Chancellor, and changed it to Der Fuhrer in a matter of 1 yr!
This is the type of thing ignorant people who think they know better than climate scientists say. The entire world was with us here.
Nope. None of that is true.
You don't know better than the scientists. You don't know better than anybody. You know nothing.
does the model you all quote take into account atmospheric moisture or radiation?
Oh look! Another lay person thinking they know better than literally every single climate scientist! I admire your audacity.
Evan is useful. His type make being a millennial embarrassing.
Didn't Obama do the same thing when he ran around Congress to sign it himself?   it was ok then, but not now?
He didn't have that power. He never took it to Congress for approval. Thus easy for Trump to get the USA OUT
He didn't. Obama continually broke the law and everyone let him.
Well I would think it was crazy that Obama had the power to do it all by him self
we need Biafra freedom out of Nigeria dey are killing us we need to go hm we are biafrans not Nigerians tk note!
Eat this @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews !!
You have lost an awful lot of respect for pushing your climate change denial narrative for the president @RandPaul. I thought you were good.
U people that think this is a bad way to go we have 3 branches of gov't & BHO signed this without any approval the dem's should be annoyedto
It ain't crazy. 44 DIDN'T have the power to do this.
When #GOP politicians actually believe they're smarter than top scientists & expert academics around the world. #FacePalm  #ParisAccord
Well said, Senator.  
But POTUS 45 (who never had a science course) should not be allowed to take us out of this by himself.
Climate change is a hoax else up real scientist. And you should be called seasons wake the heck up
We have a better plan - floating golf balls.
I think it is crazy Rand Paul is a Senator.
Great Day to bran American
From a Game Show Host President that can't even own up to a Twitter typo?  Yes, crazy, shameful, a huge mistake that will affect the world.
BEST WAKE UP AND SMELL THE ROSES COVERED IN SHIT
.@FoxNews @RandPaul  and @POTUS44 He didn't "have" the power....HE STOLE THE POWER! He liked giving away each American's liberty and rights
tell them senators to bring it up as a treaty ....
Paris Agreement is the very worst deal for the US--All about politics,control, power and $-Be grateful we have a Pres. who recognizes a con!
He had the whole  @GOP backing him up. A government elected by plutocrats, antiabortionists, Bible thumpers & slackjawed yokels.
Unconstitutional to skip senate...right @RandPaul ?
All by himself??!!! 200 countries joined the agreement you lying fraud. Trump has torpedoed America's future @randpaul
He doesn't. Just read Article 2, section 2 of the Constitution. The President CANNOT unilaterally enter into a treaty. Sheez!!!!
He Is The President ....Why Would He Not Have The Power We Voted For Him To Have
It was a very weak & poor plan.No teeth to it either.If #44 had been serious about the deal he would have done it properly.Easy come easy go
I look for rand Paul to do exactly what his dad did and run a campaign that will help Democrats win in the next election
Typical Republican, still blaming Obama...
What is so crazy about it it hasn't been done until he did it! You and your dad didn't do it Rand!
He didn't, he has his DNC, funny how he sneakingly, unbeknownst by Congress transferred cash to a country that chants death to America! huh!
It's always the same, all politicians just play with your minds and make you believe things that isn't real...
Who cares? It's the right thing to do.
Mainly B/C of people (like you) who allowed then POTUS to do anything he wanted, so some of U wouldn't be called RACIST!!!
Someone please give me a VALID reason for pulling out of the Paris Agreement.  Trying to understand the other side, not argue.
Can you be a little more specific. That doesn't really help me understand what I'm missing.
Wouldn't Congress really have to ratify it for it to be valid? Boy, @realDonaldTrump was truly sent to save America in the nick of time!
Foolish statement! Hundreds of thousands of Americans were involved in the accord, just no coal states
get your coal miners to the jobs that are all over Kentucky!! I saw nothing but hiring signs
Pretty sure HE really didnt have that much power
How did Congress vote when we got in?  There was no vote. The same office directed America into a poor agreement.
Whats so crazy...Obama had the power to put us into it
44 was TOO BUSY Hiding CITIZENSHIP DETAILS!Still ended up Only able to produce INCOMPLETE FILLED BIRTH CERTIFICATE!Had LAWYERS AROUND WORLD
But didn't POTUS43 do it all by himself?
Well ya know...when all but three countries on the globe say it's a good idea, it just might be a good idea. Let's bring back 8 track too.
Big huge mistake
It was unconstitutional from the start.  I am so proud of our @POTUS for doing the right thing.
He has no clue.
#lawyerup
He didn't and his signing is illegal.  Treaties need to go thru congress for people's approval.
Trump's Bigly fumble 2day will be remembered by future generations as the moment R president put his fossil-fuel backers ahead of R families
Hopefully us Kentuckians wake up and vote him out!!!
I have great respect for you Senator! seeing that Dallas skyline behind you! Welcome to Texas!
That's because democrats can do anything unlike republicans
With an unworthy congress he tried to make a difference amongst a ship of fools
he thinks the #Constitution is #crazy? is that what he is saying?
I'm liking Rand Paul more and more every day!
Thank you Rand
YES B/C THE DEAL WAS #FAKE IN THE FIRST PLACE, IT WAS JUST #EXCUSE FOR THE LAST GUY SITTING THE WH TO CHARGE POWER COMPANIES MORE IN REGS
The current state of China enviorment should be a good indicator that killing our clean power plants was only to kill our economy.
You know he had the power - this "agreement" was never ratified by the Senate - meaningless like most of Obama did.
Rand, he did a lot you know like the jv  team iran and n Korea happened overnight
SO HELP HIM
@NASA Rand Paul - You're the Quack Alarmist. Whom made you an expert in climate change? 
#GOPGames #RNCGames 
#quack #randpaul
Obama did sign lots of agreements/accord/deals W/O Congress approval. He abused executive power
So let's join Syria and not sign the treaty.   Making Russia Great Again and Now making Germany the leader of the free world
Thank you Rand Paul for being up front about this issue, President Trump is going to eed your voice to make it known why we need a new deal.
OMG! This is not about the US is about our Planet Earth  
How can you  Don't see it? 
You believe the world is 4.5 billion years old, but not climate change? Interesting, how do you know more than the scientists?
But I don't think YOU'RE crazy..  I know it! Why don't you just go ahead and switch parties? You act like a democrat you might as well.
This is the key point.  Whatever your view on climate change, the President doesn't have the authority to put us in an agreement like this.
If you think we need coal jobs in Kentucky, then perhaps we don't need Kentucky!  Let the folks fade out & we can make it a national park!
Maybe you should be investigating him. #Trumprussia
Yep, Obama did it on the sly w/o the chance for the Senate vote bc he didn't want even the chance they would not pass it-so he went to China
Obama did nothing wrong ...it is this idiot that is back pedaling us ...anyone that thinks other wise is an idiot
pretty sure that's how we got into it and no one resisted
Rand you miss the whole point of the Paris Accord you spewed Niagara let's wait until FL is under water
Yes!  This is what my Kentucky senator should be talking about.  Well done.
this is why we didn't have details up front..they knew if we knew the details upfront we would have walked way back then...be in convington
IGNORANT FOOL!!!!! Coal is extinct, like the dinosaurs.  Let it go!  Clean energy is where the jobs are you fool!!
Senator, your words about Climate Change are embarrassing 
Is Rand Paul a democrat now? He does not at like a Republican
Tyvm POTUS!!!
Congrats Dr Paul by outdebating J Rapper on Climate Control and Stephen Moore shutting up Van Jones on jobs
So, if China, Sirya and Nicaragua jump over a cliff we, americans, got to jump of the same cliff? "Laughing stock"? YES,Trump is "president"
Excellent analysis on CNN. You articulated the factual rebuttal to the climate alarmist viewpoint. Truth - man's contribution is teeny tiny.
I'm not politician..im not republican..rand, my sentiments exactly...this is a bd deal..walk away, not worth the time of day
U need evid. there's climate change? Read, look at photos of polar caps 30 yrs apart, go to Antarctica, see polar bears on shrunken icebergs
You're giving up manufacturing jobs of alt energy products to other countries! More jobs already exist in clean energy than toxic coal!
1/2: So drumpf thinks he can do it himself?! Hypocrite! Climate change due to humans is very real! Realize the truth!
Backwards thinking Rand Paul. You hold your own state behind making the rich richer and the poor poorer with the republicans agenda.
Alright Paul climate agreement down I get off your ass and help the president with health and tax reform time to help American people #maga
What garbage you just spewed.. let's see your science degree that makes you so right . Unbelievable
go Rand go!
Senator Paul Rand your interview on CNN just now proves you are totally ignorant on what is going on in the climate! You are an incompetent
You should resign from the Senate. You do not have our country's best interests at heart.
WTF is wrong with you. I'm so disgusted on your discussion with @jaketapper I had to walk away from my computer just to calm my anger.
Please provide credible scientific data that supports your view on climate change and I'll supply you with 100 showing the other side of it.
"We need OK Earthquake Pruitt & AR Earthquake Cotton-gin REAL climate change issue, along with & The Black Elk Pipeline poisons breadbasket"
Well I think it's crazy to think that @realDonaldTrump has the power to undo #ParisAgreement all by himself - how's that for a change?
Obama signed into it "all by himself!"
And how would that be different from Trump pulling off of the agreement?
It didn't  go through the proper procedure. Anot her reason Potus can get out easier.
LOL. Not even a good chunk of GOP and Trump's advisors agree on this (not to mention, 71% of Americans and about half of his voters)
I choose for myself.
Rand Paul spewing nonsense about climate change right now. Stupid is as stupid gets.
Jobs in your state disappear because they are outdated by new and less expensive cleaner ways to create energy. GTFOH!
anti-climate change defense shows he does not believe in God based on his argument he undermines his stance on every point he countered with
WHO are you to judge....besides another liberal?!
Hitchens would agree, if they gave @RandPaul an enema he could be buried in a matchbox.
#StandWithRand
U are a dolt man made climate change is a fact renewable  engery good for environment  and jobs
Interesting you know so much more than scientists!  Maybe you don't care about your grandchildren, but I DO!
That's  a stupid comment.
Did you just say that it's not fair that China gets to pollute and we wouldn't get to pollute as much?
@RandPaul that's why you'll never be our president. Term limits a must
China pledged $3B, you just said they don't pay. You dodged the @CNN questions. You claim to be a libertarian? L-word more fitting is "liar"
You and your republican flunkies are all a bunch of fruit loops and need to stick your head in a bowl of milk and shrivel up. Your nuts!
@RandPaul you are irrelevant, please keep quiet.
obviously have done NOTHING for the people of Kentucky. They live in poverty & you don't give a damn.
Even if climate change isn't true, US needs to be out in front of renewable energy not championing finite sources. That's common sense.
I thought the US was
@TrumpCard555 @RandPaul @POTUS44 
I Respect Rand Paul
We recognize Our US
Congressmen & Women
Standing by American People
Thank You
You just go blindly into the future! Not give a shit about what the next generation has to deal with? You belong in a damn cave.
You're right -- he had help from Putin. Disgusting, myopic #traitors to America and the future the lot of you are.
It's better to be safe than sorry. Imagine the consequences if you're wrong--
You sound like you're on the side of China/ Russian Senator? What gives?  You want Americans to suffer? You

trade,leaving America at the bottom of the barrel. Kentucky lost coal jobs bec of CHEAPER natural gas. NOT regs
Kentucky lost jobs because of a generations-long refusal to diversify and improve infrastructure. Gas just drove the final nail.
@RandPaul have your head further app Trump's ass than Vlad ever had his Russian kielbasa.  @TheLeadCNN
Treaties must be agreed to by two-thirds of the U.S. Senate - So it's moot anyway
Well, at least the good news is that "au revoir" translates to "until we see each other again."  #wewillbeback
Yes climate change has happened in the past. Yes before mankind. But SCIENCE proves that we are accelerating it more so than in past.
his hair annoys me much more than his stupid global warming denialism.
SALUTE SIR!!!!

You nailed it, you told them the truth and they hated it. Way to shove their propaganda back in their face!!

SALUTE!!!!
Must be so proud to join the ranks of Syria and Nicaragua! What leadership! Ceding the next gen of economic advantage to China. So stupid.
You are a liar. We will lose jobs if we get out of Paris Agreement. China now takes the lead in clean energy &
US could feed every 3rd world country for life with money for climate!
Would someone close to  Hillary please tell her why she lost, the people did not vote for her!
Wait. Didn't one guy get us into it all by himself?
Trump can't fixed climate change.
Your kidding right? Coal jobs is your main reason. You want unhealthy coal production to increase. You will send jobs overseas that could...
Rand and POTUS think a lot alike!! Thank god for both men.
Right, because God will save the earth too
We think he should have trader
Geez, go crawl back in your hole. No one representing Americans we want to stay in the Paris Accord. No models are needed we can see changes
