"The Feds should have nothing to do with healthcare." Thank. You!!! #StandWithRand
I'm disappointed in Trumps tweet attack against Rand today very disappointed
He always said no deal is better than a bad one tsk tsk!
Exactly but if we say anything boy will the Trumpsters let us have it
Lol probably because all we hear is Trump criticism. If they didn't do it so much I'd be more vocal on a few things.
True but this a little a problematic in my eyes. You don't call someone a friend then follow it up with that nonsense
Me too
But Rand, your repeal is never going to happen. Will never get the votes in Congress. Do somethinghing before we end up with Single Payer.
A friend of mine who has two jobs to make it makes too much for assistance but can't afford a policy. Can't afford the $700 fine
Many in that same boat!
Rand Paul does not get it. Nice to hold onto your values but they've got to give people like this a break. Paul has not come up with a plan
Agree... needs to get on board with America!
Under age 65 Not eligible 4 job-based health coverage or Medicaid A tax credit=Advance Premium Tax Credit may help u pay ur monthly premiums
@Judgenap has proven to be a #Globalist. Shit he admitted it on #Foxandfriends
Noooo ! You want your way only . In other words, doing nothing and not voting for this , is leaving us with Obamacare and then single payet
He's right though.
A trillion dollar program, block grant to states, is very very bad.
work together please. jimmy k. has put a target on yalls back again. listed names told lie scared the nutjobs in the world.
@DonaldJTrumpJr @IvankaTrump @StevePieczenik @POTUS please take the time to read this!Very important!
GOP needs a win. You can tweak and improve over next 8 yrs. Side note: the judge was not elected to get things done, you were.
Man we're voting you out.... you're going to stick is with Single Payer you arrogant obstructionist. Sorry I voted for you. 
Napolitano starting to bug me. He also said Hillary was in grave trouble with her emails. Right. Wardrobe hasn't changed. No orange jumpsuit
Opposing #RepealObamacare = breaking your promise.  Keep the bill alive so we can repeal and have a chance for free market healthcare
But at least it gets it out of federal government hands!
based on this video, i apologize @RandPaul. What can be done?
WHAT ARE US AMERICANS SUPPOSED TO DO WITH HIGH PREMIUMS THAT COVER NOTHING WHILE YOU POLITICIANS FIGURE IT OUT?!? I AM DISGUSTED WITH GOP
As an individual, I understand that position. However, as part of the Presidents Party supporting the RNC, may become just as important.
@realDonaldTrump please take the time to read this!Very important!
Agree!  #RepealNoReplace Enough of unconstitutional healthcare socialism
I  Judge Napolitano

I could never vote for anyone who refuses to be pragmatic.
You can find a way to move healthcare in the direction you want it to go, -- in the future.  But avoid the path to single-payer for now.
PLEASE KEEP TEACHING ABOUT THIS BILL. THANK YOU! THE AMERICAN KITCHEN TABLE MATH IS NOT ADDING UP WITH THE OBAMACARE!
Judge u always seem to be wrong hope this is one of those times
Tax payer medical insurance for the House & Senate should also be repealed.
Pure and simple.hes a crooked politician.and he is screwing people that voted for http://him.vote  this fake Republican out.
Wow that guy was suspended for making stuff up and you quote him.  Really?
Why is your bill not up for vote?
Me too!
Good start. Now we need an alternative solution, Senator! Separate yourself from the establishment and sponsor a good bill.
#StandWithRand ...HE WON'T EVER LIE TO US HE HATES OBAMASCARE RAND WON'T STEER US WRONG EVER GOD BLESS U RAND MUCH LOVE
I'm with you on the Ideology for sure but you Political Tactics are poor.
You are making the Perfect the Enemy of the Good....... or the Much Better!
Why is your bill not on the table
Rand Paul is right I think he’s going to put an amendment to make it full repeal!
So do I
If congress actually gave a shit about American people they'd repeal now
I got a crazy idea. Why doesn't congress stop screwing around and just fully repeal now, replace later. We are going broke paying premiums
Please get rid of #ObamaCare Hard Working Americans are suffering!!!!
Anything Graham does u can bet is not good for the AMERICAN PEOPLE! HE IS LIKE OBAMA! AGAINST US "THE PEOPLE"! FOR HIS OWN AGENDA!
You need to go, too extreme right to get anything done it appears.  Kinda like pelosi on the other side in the house...
Repeal is eliminating a program designed to fail. 
Not replace AKA Bait & Switch ! 
#IStandWithRand
My self employed family cannot pay Obamacare extortion premium. I worked 20yrs in P&C insurance & now can't get job with benefits
You are the biggest reason why it needs to change!!  Fingers crossed!!
Obamacare premium came back with higher premium and bundled with vision & dental we couldn't use!
Just try to find a discounted mammogram or pap. @PPact is no help
Why can't we just repeal now and replace later? Why can't congress get something done regarding health care?
Is there a way for this to be the first step towards a better repeal?
#RepealAndReplaceObamaCare
Yea well his eyebrows are too close to his hairline so so what
So glad that someone who is not having their premiums go through the roof backs your plan not to give us who are some relief! Thanks a lot!
Napolitano is not someone you want to reference given his history of ignorance on many subjects.
Ridiculous! It makes me think you & the judge secretly want to keep Obamacare intact! Voting against this does just that! Be a team player!
Great but remember while you stand on principal the rest of us are forced to buy a product we don't want. Get the mandates, the rest falls
How many signatures will it take for you to support GCbill or its ACA forever Senate rules will require 60 votes before the end of September
Rand only wants his way. Not willing to compromise
Stand in Rand Paul's camp. It's just as bad as other Republican camps. Just a different spin on same Lie!
Doing something is better than doing nothing. If you're voting with the Dems, you're voting for Obamacare.
Whst does a hasbeen judge have to do with health care? You just desperate for some support?
Paul and Massie, definitely for Americans !!
I was hoping for something real this time. GOP are a bunch of spineless cowards.
Whatever happened to the premise that we are all individuals & each should look out for himself?
Vote no on the Graham-Cassidy bill
Thank you for standing up against this terrible bill.
If it's "barely Obamacare Lite" then it's better than what we have now. What's the objection since you don't have the votes for repeal.
I stand with Rand
Stand strong and vote (((NO))) on #GrahamCassidyBill !!! #Medicaid #DisabilityRights
I’m so old, I remember when Constitutionalists and libertarians wanted to return to federalism.
I agree with the Judge...and am Standing, (once again), with you, Senator Paul.  This is NOT anywhere near close to a repeal.
Your wrong , no more contributions to u
OK, Great - then tell us how it gets repealed at all, ever? What's YOUR plan that will actually pass with 60 votes?
Most of these tweets that side with You are probably liberals
Rand look you know you are not going to get a better deal Now you become an obstructionist. It's no long principle!
You & fake judge, we Need Obama care repealed, we need to give back to states, get on board or get outta the way Trump train is rolling
Gerald your right but FEDS took away most the States rights the founder's gave them in the Constitution
#fool
Stand firm. Please.
If you change your mind and kowtow to Trump and McConnell, It will be embarrassing. Might as well never call yourself a conservative again.
No! The republicans will never vote full repeal. This is a start!
I voted for Repeal & Replace not some JOKE BILL like Graham-Cassidy Bill!  Hey! TRUMP we are not stupid!
You've kept us waiting for the perfect bill which will NEVER come!!! Get this done Rand and work from there! We are TIRED of waiting on you!
If this passes, the Republicans will claim victory and go home. There will never be another bill to follow and "work from there".
I'd normally agree but I don't think @POTUS will stand for that. He will force Health Savings Plans & cross state lines. He's determined.
Trump cares about immigration far more than healthcare as an issue, and you just saw this week how quickly he caved to Pelosi and Schumer.
Support you overall, but on this issue don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.  The Dems are hoping you kill this.  Pls don't.
So where are all the doctors?
With you too
I stand with Rand
Keep throwing the blows Senator, they are still trying to keep the knife in.....
I'm there too! Please press for total repeal. Accept nothing less.
Why did you vote for the skinny repeal, when it would have spent more money than Graham-Cassidy and now oppose one that spends less?
There are only so many times where you can bad-mouth the bill and then vote for it.  We're catching on.
Can you re-introduce your bill before Sept. 30th? Nothing will pass w/out simple majority. You're saving ACA.
Attn: Missouri 

Please send him to DC. http://www.fireclaire.net 

#DrainTheSwamp #FullRepeal #MAGA
"Anybody (@AP4Liberty) trained by @Judgenap would be a fabulous US Senator."
#AP4Senate #MOsen #MAGA
@POTUS Hope that you and Rand can add some language to fix GC Bill
I listened to @RandPaul on the Sean Hannity radio show yesterday. Senator Paul has very good ideas. Maybe these plans can work together
Vote for it! It's better to take what you can today then come back for more tomorrow there's no time to hold out for a perfect repeal bill
Big deal the judge is a liberal

I also!
Just don't back out at the last minute
Judge  Sen Paul will never agree on any plan even his own-take a second look as I advised Sen Paul
Use Twitter-Tweet out list of nec changes 2 #GrahamCassidyBill -soc media can increase pressure! #MAGA #TrumpTrain #Healthcare
Thank you for standing up for what is right. #IStandwithRand #StandwithRand

Rand just make sure you are not "barking with no bite".  You say your voting NO.  Then vote NO!!
Great maybe tomorrow you can get endorsements from Judge Judy and that guy on my corner that talks to his belly button lint.
Judge Napolitano and Rand Paul got it right on Graham Cassidy bill.
Just call for repeal ACA everyone who campaigned on repeal should vote in the repeal
Senator, this bill won't fix the problem but it is a step in the right direction. Move the ball forward. One step at a time!
I support you Rand. You're one of the only Senators telling us the truth. The People asked for #FullRepeal. We never asked for replace.
I don't really care what he thinks.  Vote yes.
You give me a clean repeal and I can stand with Senator Paul!!!  If not I will take the closest thing to a repeal.
Too bad one of peers in senate do. Result of your no comprimise stance. Constituents will one day see ur stance gets them nothing
Graham Cassidy Bill sucks Do not pass this nightmare RINO fantasy.
Nobody cares about Judge Napolitano. He is a paid talking head for Fox.
Oh Boy!
Repeal Obamacare, or do nothing.  This new bill is just more of the same.  Let it collapse under its own weight.
Please vote for the Obama Care bill to put it back to the states where they can fix it and get complete control out of Washington.
The states can't fix it.
Hang tough on this awful bill!
"Free market" doesn't work with healthcare.it only incentivizes health insurance comps to price gauge.other nations have done it so can we
Dear Obstructionist.......
This plan at least gives us something -if not passed, then we suffer and you suffer at election time - forget the all or nothing philosophy
Of course he does as he is also a libertarian. Contrarians you are , and that's why libertarians will never be elected President.
ANY 1 WHO CANT REACH A COMPROMISE SHUD B VOTED OUT.FEEL SORRY 4 PpL IN Yr LIFE BC Yr WAY OR HIGHWAY. YOU'RE MEDICAL DR. THERE'S A TERM 4THAT
Making me crazy
Yes but Senators must not stand in the way you have to give a little we have to get more senate seats in 2018
Hard to stand with someone that can't get it done
@SenJohnMcCain I pray will do the right thing. That would b a hero moment for him. But I worry a friendship with @LindseyGrahamSC will b 1st
McCAIN is a subversive drowning in deep state!! I wish he would be alive for the 2nd coming of Christ!
AND THEREFORE, YOU STRONGLY STAND  IN SCHUMER'S CAMP ALSO.
Thank You Senator Paul, for fighting the swamp!!!
You want to give Healthcare control back to the American people!
U acting like john McCain
#FullRepeal ACA bankrupting millions! My family going bankrupt paying >$21000.00 out of pocket B4 any coverage! No $ left 2 go 2 DR!
Doubt it.  I feel like your GOP tribalism is making you less truthful
Would you like to see H-insurance Bill B4 ACA & After ACA increase? >$7000.00 more 1st year!
Where's your bill that can pass Rand?
Please get something done!
He's trying to help you.
You want to secretly keep Obamacare in the Fed's hands. Your objections to everything makes it all too obvious.
We The People stand with Dr. Rand Paul. #MAGA
Still need a deal.
Will you vote to cut taxes even if it doesn't completely abolish all the taxes you think should be abolished?
Who can tell what the truth is anymore, there is just no trust in reporting or from the politicians.
You're a fraud. You're against everything unless it's done your way despite not having the votes to do it your way. Judge Napolitano?
Please then, why haven't you presented something different? Would like to start by giving back to states!
Hit the lotto still won't make $50k a day Only in America can taxes go to such a scam 
Rich selling lies broken dreams lies about Doctors
Quit voting with Democrats. You are the outlier. Other conservatives and Tea Party Patriots support Graham Cassidy.
Nope.  In other news, infowars is fake
I also stand with Rand's take. Republicans r taking us for granted!
We want establishment power to go away not just a little diminished !!!
Amen to @RandPaul and @Judgenap !
I'm with you on this bill, but y don't you fix Obamacare instead of repeal. Fix what some have and get it for all, you have a platform
I do also, it's only a reshuffle of a federal BOONDOGGLE. This to will fail, costing MORE TAXPAYERS TO FUND IT.
Do not trust politicians who say vote on this & we'll fix it later. Reagan did that re: taxes & immigration amnesty. Amnesty no tax reform
Mr Paul, you represent Kentucky and most Ky Republicans stand with this bill - don't embarrass our state!  Support this bill

Do YOU Have OBUM Care Judge
BULSHIT Bill . Vote the few OUT ,that want to TAKE FROM MILLIONS
we all want 100% full repeal, but will probably never see it... this SUCKS to be forced to accept Obama Care Lite. Some lame conservatives

Mr Senator, please stop sabotaging Mr Trump's agenda!!
If the rich get their 3.8% Cap Gains cut, they will never have incentive to fix #OBamacare disaster.  #GrahamCassidy is not #MAGA. Fraud!
You fight against EVERYTHING
We too.
And you are proud of that?  What is wrong with republicans?  Next you are going to say Geraldo is on board?
Please support Graham- Cassidy plan @RandPaul

keep working on it. don't quit
But that never happens!  Improvements are never implemented. What gets voted on 9/30 is all we'll get !!
Get on board dork change later. Do something
We will never get a full repeal and replace .. bite the bullet Rand and@move on
So the Judge also supports Obamacare.

This is not a tenable position for you.
Fortunately it’s not a very big camp.
Obstructionist
@realDonaldTrump supporters voted for repeal and REPLACE - Please bite the bullet and lets more on. Have to get rid of the emp. mandate.
Trump is toxic.  No one will work with him.

As long as he votes NO on this abomination so do I.
2 assholes join together to hurt even more Americans. Yippee
