horrors?  Drama queen spin ur bullshit 4 someone who actually will swallow it
That's more than half the country, and rising. Trump is and always will be a minority president.
Don't believe me? Look at the rest of the comments. This is Paul's Twitter feed and most replies oppose Rs or Trump
No, they're called "people with enough brain capacity to draw obvious conclusions".
Trolls
You both seem confused as to what a troll is. Here's a reminder:
looks like the left is being served a slice of the pie they spent the last 8 years baking, founded on unchecked executive action.
So funny. Obama had much fewer EO's than either Bush or Regan.
I'm not talking numbers, I'm referring to the 8 years the left just spent painting executive action as responsible gov't
Kind of hard to make that case when they used them less than everyone else.
Case of EO; sure. The case that gov't needs to 'change' things, I don't think so.
Oh the irony of your statement.
Point it out to me, since clearly you feel I'm slow on the uptake?
Clearly, you are.
then find out how Bannon got appointed to OUR NATIONAL SECURITY with out a senate confirmation hearing ?
He isn't. No different from Rove or Axelrod.
Very different. Neither were given permanent seat, which requires hearings by law.
Bannon doesn't have one either. Read the real news, not CNN.
please do that...make good on this promise Senator. Vote NO on Devos. Be a true patriot and be the checks & balances we need NOW.
Really? Dont you think we needed that about 8 years ago as well?
Particularly that of an unstable, narcissistic president.
Even lawyers are really twisting what the constitution says. They lived in a bubble and they confuse American citizens
I know, right?  What the American teachers need to do is TEACH the constitution. I teach it every year in my 5th grade Social Studies class.
Hard to do when Gorsuch is A corporate.Judge!
I don't hear very many R's checking Pres T. He's trampling all over the Constitution and our democracy.
We had an election.  Maybe it's time we respect those election results.
lemme guess, if Hillary had won, you would respect the results and let her take your guns? Bwahaha
Had Hillary won we'd do the right thing... and secede from the union!
bwahahah.
Do you have the courage to keep the GOP in check?
#StopDeVos
Show your independent spirit. Resist Jeff Sessions, Betsy DeVos and Bannon on NSC.
Dear Senator: What we need Right Now is ACA, our Cabinet, Tax Reform, and you on board with @POTUS. Dem have declared War. Help us
so you voted for sessions?  The guy who wanted to make drug trafficking a death penalty offense?
First Constitution de US
I like Trump's selection for #SCOTUS
Check Leninist Bannon's power. He believes in partnering with Russia in holy war to wipe out Islam now instead of in 500 years.
#StopDeVos thank you!
Too late, so sad,ideals should be upheld no matter who's in the Oval Office, no good bitching now.
your party put the guy in there.  Party of no integrity.
my vote for Pres
says the Trump lapdog! Resign Rand you're a disgrace, your repeal of ACA to Kentuckians is criminal!
i think what America need is for our president to have a crash course in American History and WORLD HISTORY.
you're the one ...
we also need an Education Sec. who understands public education. #noDevos
too bad @realDonaldTrump isn't that person.
logical article problem is LIBS are not.
the interesting thing about these times is who you suddenly find you agree with...even just for a moment
please give us term limits. Trump has to stop the executive orders. We dealt with that for 8 years and, the next potus can change
I love what u said on Fox 2day. Common sense repeal & replace! Keep up the great work. Prayers up 4 u
I would have been happy with you or Kasich. My top pic
your party is supporting the Reich.
Rand Paul. I thought you had some ethics, but evidently not.
HA HA WE SURE DO IF ONLY THERE WAS SOMETHING HAPPENING THE LEGISLATIVE BRANCH COULD DO TO CHECK @RandPaul GOOD ONE @RandPaul
we have exactly who we want for president. Get over it.  Things are changing for the better
oh i see you're doing a great job of that so far.
isn't that the legislative and judicial branches jobs? Seems like the judicial branch is working well-maybe legislative should try
what the democrat party needs now is someone who understands that the Constitution was meant to check power..all others get it
We are counting on you Republicans to stand up to little donald and keep him in check. You all need to stand up and be clear!
I'm glad you lost. You were a huge disappointment to a lot of us.
You can't show up in West Louisville and promise support for civil rights without acknowledging Sessions is flawed. Bill of Rights
if scalia was the antidote to executive over-reach,  then why did bush and Obama both over-reach?  He disproves his own thesis
Please check away. I won't stop you.
the constitution, you throw that word around when it's convenient not when it's needed to be upheld. #resist
the Constitution applies to US citizens only. We have the right to investigate who we let enter our country.
no Jeff Sessions.  Not trustworthy
Excellent article.
why's a minority group in such power? Stop the stupid ando your jobs!!
Please stand up to Bannon #NoBanNoWall
that is why I support Sen. Sessions
we also need Republicans to get a fucking spine and DO SOMETHING.
no I don't like a dogmatic Supreme Court justice like Scalia !!!
@realDonaldTrump  Don't worry. Rewriting it now. Will be easy to grasp. Waiting on final draft from Bannon. In pencil, erasable
You honestly think Trump is going to select someone who will say no to him?
... so does that mean you are going to #StopPresidentBannon then?
So what you're implying is someone is abusing their power. How about our Senators take a stand for the Constitution.  Regardless of party.
that statement rules out the entire legislative body. All you money grubbers do is violate the constitution.
Keep speaking the truth! I want this country to see 2020.
I disagree. It needs someone who will so abuse it that statists will wake up to the realization that power belongs to the people.
why are you there?!
what Constitution? The writ of habeas corpus is suspended!!
Yes! Stand firm for all Americans. Dems and GOP need to be listening to each other.
we've missed U a lot! please come back and help to clean out this mess! it will hurt GOP if nothing is done soon! #resist #Trump
We needed this when Obama was in office...But we got nothing!
Congress needs to stop "retreating" & get to work! Cabinet appointees, repeal O-care
your a voice for the constitution. Remind the right constantly, even when it puts you at odds.
isn't that you ? Put America first not your party. We want clean water (fund the EPA) strong public schools not charter schools,
MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!  I am already limiting the power of the legislative and judicial branches. UNCHECKED and UNBALANCED!!
Up to 9m US citizens permanently overseas are not represented and treated like dirt by own country with #FATCA AND #CBTAX.
And you've done what to ensure that check?
Senator Paul, file a lawsuit against Trump if you feel he is overreaching. Furthermore, get the cabinet nominations confirmed. Get to work.
our @potus believes he is all the power and  @SenateFloor @HouseFloor are nothing and these bodies will let him do anything
power vs intent
Nice writing. "hair on fire" smell reminds me not to lose focus on personal goals. Main point almost convinces; I'll mull.
Who but Trump can fight Gop and Dem corruption. Evil Soros. Muslim hiden world invasion plan.Zionist world order.Complicit Vatican
great interview on morning joe... 400 times was not the answer they were looking for.
the country is going to hell and the republicans are allowing him to take us there! You know he is wrong and you are allowing it !
then check the potus!
okay so maybe please do that instead of focusing on TV interviews??
I'm convinced that Real Revolucion not done by calm nice guys. Big Kings has been chosen by God fearless strong and rude at times
Merrick Garland?
start checking
well, that's why we have Congress
Rand you made that up.
What is the Senate and Court!  @marcorubio and @SenBillNelson should be at work with #JudgeDonnelly #SallyYates
Then have the Congress do its job!!  You've ceded too much power over the years & you need to claim it back.
Got it, Senator.
AMEN BRAVO RAND SO SPOT ON THXU #StandWithRand
he knows that blockhead
the problem is that if they refuse to vote on judges and nominees it gives republicans a precedent to do it to them.  #nonuclear
https://www.facebook.com/TheHill/videos/10154528134224087/ …
ever wonder why your party  didn't choose you, McCain, or Graham? And why the majority of your feedback is left?  Change parties.
Trump is your party head. You need to put politics aside, and get him out of office. It IS that dire.
I agree, but it is fun to watch the Dims howl. I don't see that Trump has violated any laws. Repub Congress need to get busy.
say something substantive Randy ... Be specific, what are you talking about?
"...the Constitution was meant to check power"
So was the Congress, you ineffectual wackadoodle.
That doesn't seem to be the case this past week.
Agree. Pretty sure that 'someone' is Senate GOP. You and your boys up to the task?
If the Republicans can find half a brain between themselves they'll defeat the racist Jeff Sessions...
Amen!
how people not power believe people in power would help them if fed had all the power? Can you bring up gerrymandering
So was Congress.
it's going to be a 4 year demonstration of the genius of the Constitution
hypocrite! Do something! Stop the tear any – or you're part of it's
Please stop dividing us into left&right. We're all Americans now with a goal to preserve democracy. No need for divisive rhetoric.
Which is a very good reason to vote NO on Sessions. I believe he will uphold party & Trump before the constitution.
Then do your job
thank you for all you do
A Chart for the Governmentally Impaired
@RandPaul
and I supported you and your father even though I did not vote Trump as the nominee (voted4u) please stand behind him
ah well, did you get that in bigots and racist that filled the white house.
If the Supreme Court aren't losing sleep over the legal tsunami on the way, they ought to be. They are threatened by it
Very grim picture Their oaths are to defend the Constitution. Deviation from this duty must be judged without fear in court
something we agree on. We just witnessed someone being fired because she wasn't a yes man. Fortunately he can't fire you.
This is pure delusion.
country over party! Rand, let's see if it's more than just talk though.
I agree. But the nation doesn't. Not ideal, but better than the alternative cadidiate.
why aren't you standing up to @POTUS?
we need to get rid of trump and team as they are turning our country into a dictatorship. He does not respect nor know the law
Vey true, you can join the ranks of great Kentucky Sen. of the past by opposing trump nominees.  The decision is yours, be great!
The Republican Leadership is responsible. History will judge you harshly - if anyone is alive to do so.
What the county needs now is to deny #PresidentBannon a SCOTUS choice. Let the people decide with the next untainted election
Americans r not dense. We know u +  #GOP could check power, any time you wanted to. U r allowing *45 to run amok. Where's your line?
our Acting AG did just that and got fired last night. Where is the outrage?
@Ellen71692289  Well guess what? I live in Ky. and get to vote for or against you!
Trump IS FOLLOWING The Constitution And ENFORCING The Borders IS PART OF IT-Go Trump 
So DO something about it. Stand up to tyranny. Stand up to hate and division. This could be your time to shine. #Resist
Congressional checks and balances appear to have been single handedly taken away by @realDonaldTrump because he's got y'all scared
So what are you going to do about it? Less talk more action
Thank you #KeepItUp #NoDictatorship #Constitution
what we need is a legislative and judicial branch with a spine to check power.  Now more than ever. Don't let us down, Senator.
.@RandPaul plenty of people in DC understand constitutional checks and balances, but lack the balls to participate.
Agreed, so why haven't you publicly opposed the EO restricting immigrants w/ valid visas. Gross overreach of power, is it not?
NOW you think it's wrong to hold the supreme court hostage? Huh, that was a quick turn around. Wonder what changed...
you're certainly not going to get that from Trump. #FakePresident
which will probably not be any random he nominates
Then why didn't you support Obama's nominations? You are a fraud.
NOW? Where was this statement when O was pres?
@jdruva41 Please fully support President Trump.
We also need our Senators and Reps to stand and be counted.
what the nation needs is is for you to stand up for the Constitution and against Jeff Sessions #stopsessions
agreed. How about standing up to a president who rapidly expands the abuse of executive branch powers
Senator Paul and Justin Amash understand the Constitution. That's two.
Someone needs to put the conspiracy theorists in check. I'm not sure it's you--Trump looks like he owns a spineless congress.
great article
in other words, not the current @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
SO IS CONGRESS!!!!! Do your job and stop using my state to try to catapult into the white house!
respect your holding to the constitution. But sir agreeing with  any of Trumps positions now leaves you in cahoots with a mad man.
The honest answer: they threw their principles out the window and hitched their star to a criminal set on plundering.
The plundering ceased when 44 left.
aren't you one of those people? Or I guess you don't understand the constitution?
PS: The Constitution can't check power if nobody enforces it. Cc: @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
You have been saying that forever, and it truly did not get you elected. Become more fierce and fight with the solutions. "Angry."
Youve been awfully quiet on these goings on... Where do you stand, Rand?
- Stand up for your country rather than your self-interests. You might find yourself out of a job soon. We are watching. 
#resist
My genuine attempts to rectify what is happening is not "theatrics," and I can't get on a time machine and undo Bush & Obama.
PLEASE stop working with Trump as long as he employs Bannon. Reaffirm the Constitutional separation. PLEASE stand for country now.
Yeah, I'd give anything to know where we can find such people.
the majority of America isnt conservative. The majority of America didnt vote for Trump. But because GOP won now roll over?
I appreciate & even agree with the sentiment but the tone mocking the concern of normal people like me is counterproductive.
Ambition doesn't check itself. What are you doing to check Donald Trump?
Session was behind a lot that went on the last 10 days. He's an accomplice and will not defend the constitution. How about the Senate?
LOL, you have the majority of the Senate and House. You need to check it Senator
Let's try checking some of this unabated power-grabbing happening RIGHT NOW
Y LIE on mrng joe? U know Obama 2011draft wasn't BAN was inter-agency & didn't include Syria STOP deceiving ppl ask #BenRhodes FPA
#CongressDoYourJob
Like Jeff Sessions!
keep ringing the bell Senator, we the people will back you up.
so you are going to condemn the firing of Sally Yates? Because that would be step 1 if you truly believe this
do not vote for sessions. He is a trump puppet @RandPaul stand up
then please vote no on @jeffsessions
leaked ACA audio tape. Now we all know your plan hurts middle class and will not work. As u move forward to screw ppl - watching
I feel you are one of the few republicans that have our best interest at heart. Please continue to fight and stay strong for us!
will you be that person for us?
Ever since the "read my lips" speech the right has been eaten alive, is this snap-back part of the check and balance we're seeing?
what the nation needs is for you to check the power of your tyrannical leader. He just handed ISIS the keys to recruitment. Dumb.
@JasonKuznicki - Except, Scalia was just fine with religious discrimination against non-Christians.
For once, we agree. Checks and balances are the key to democracy. #NoPresidentBannon
Republicans need to be ck'd. Your replacement for ACA is horrendous.   Going to cost so much more. Horrible!
Agreed, the Supreme Court is not meant to be an extension of a political party, it's meant to interpret a law's constitutionality
as a lifelong Democrat, I agree. The office of President has been allowed too much power starting with Reagan.
You just might be one of the few that comes out of this mess looking like a true patriot, on the right side of Democracy
thank you for reminding us of that, excellent words!
