Keep fighting for REPEAL! We do not want socialized medicine or anything going in that direction!! 
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness...none of those are possible without good health care. Single payer now!
We are not allowing single payer to happen in this country!
Really? It's inevitable. Only way that will make health care cheaper & have EVERYONE covered. No other method has proven to do likewise.
I support you, Senator Paul!
why are you fighting only for choice of expensive middlemen (for-profit private insurance companies) who limit choice of doctor & hospitals?
Good luck Rand,the people need help,Dems won’t do it,now too many in GOP won’t do it,need something that can be done by executive order
You guys failed, and now you just voted to obstruct the POTUS even more. The GOP is a joke.

Battle is with the GOP elite who are Never Trumpers. They will work to destroy @POTUS Trumps agenda which is America's agenda.
Health Subsidies need to go, but for phase out, tax them as income and individual sharing as a deduction...Big Savings!
Stop focusing on "coverage" & focus on the real problem--COST @AtlasMD @SurgeryCenterOK @UnbridledMd @kksheld are addressing w/ #DirectCare
And laws passed in Washington DC have greatly contributed to these higher costs (ACA, HMO ACT); repeal those laws and pass market reforms.
Your Sen. Rand Paul makes a lot of noice he doesn't know what he wants The rich and the poor have the same physical features The poor votes.
I want to see President Trump just pass it with Executive Action. Obama did it and messed us over. Same for Immigration. EO!!!!
good b/c you and the conservatives are the only ones I trust to do it.  NO government hc
Please list insurance lobbyists donations given to your colleagues in the senate since Obama Care started.
Left over KKK you should be shot
With all due respect Senator, I don't believe anything useful will come from the Senate this term. @COSProject might help
With the likes of McCain, Collins, Murkowski where do negotiations start. They all ran on repeal when they knew it wouldnt happen. Now what?
That would be great. McConnel not a leader. Doesnt want to make POTUS look good. Why he had a vote he knew he would lose! #DitchMitch #MAGA
Rand, it's obvious that a certain number of establishment Republicans really don't want to MAGA. When will other Republicans call them out?
Bipartisanship is THE path to the solution.
I hope not but you need to hurry
Keep up the fight for repeal.  How many other self employed people hope for open market,  ability to buy across state lines etc.?
Small businesses in individual markets desperately need you continued efforts!  Don't give up!
Small businesses can benefit from #DirectPrimaryCare 4 employees w/ catastrophic insurance Perfectly legal, even under #ACA
I bet your ideas will work wonders for the poor and sick. Will there be pre-existing denial or lifetime limits?
Please tell me why I'm paying for the majority of senators  and congressmen health care.  Please pay for  you own. I do.
It is until McCain dies, then the Gov of AZ appoints a new Senator, he will be your 50th vote for a full repeal
Keep fighting. I trust you more than other members of the GOP party.
#shame on you for keeping up this evil effort to kill millions of Americans! #shame
PLEASE make the Senate keep their promise to help! Healthcare costs more than my mortgage and the deductible makes it unusable!
What is your opinion of Sen Graham's proposal giving states total control of healthcare with block grants from fed gov?
Thanks for your consistent message (only one out here on healthcare). Wish more people heard. Love idea-Assoc. plans + nationwide insurance.
stop the subsidies all of capitol hill gets for healthcare NOW. stop lying to the U.S. public! we now know of your 72% subsidy end it now!!!
NEVER thought I'd see repugnikans promoting and protecting Obamacare. My chagrin is extreme.
Association Pools?? Executive Order
Will you kick some ass please
Let's see can't pay all what do I not pay, healthcare, mortgage, food, taxes, bills
Just heard California insurance to go up 12.5% in 2018. Thanks for keeping your promise GOP.
August is come, Sir, IPAB is still in place. Honor your Oath of Office! #RepealTheIPAB #NoCongressRequired #MAGA
Please, please, please don't give up on repeal!!!  We need free markets for insurance companies and choices for employers/employees!
Get the govt. out of healthcare. Have the Drug dealers, tobacco, booze, sex, Movie makers, let them pay the difference.  (Vice)
Dems are using GOP to wipe the floor. You sign off on their Russia sanctions bill and they filibuster nominees, ACA, sanctuary city, etc
Good, now can we please get to single payer
Please encourage negotiations with Repubs to support the presidents agenda - healthcare, tax reform and immigration
Embarrassing to us
Fix it
Senator, the way twitter works.. you don't need to identify yourself in your own tweets.
Thought many times abt term limits, then Ron & Rand Paul come to mind. Where wld we be w/o these true Patriots? Thanks!
So nutz. Must be self-loathing causes ppl to vote 4 those who hate them. Hitler/Stalin were only 2. If ppl were Good n Truly w God, wouldn't
I really appreciate the way you consistently speak out for freedom. I don't understand why many of your fellow GOP senators don't get it.
How about freedom over ones own body
I absolutely believe in freedom over one's own body. That involves making our own health and health care choices, not the government.
Just get it repealed before tax time so I dont have to pay the penalty
Rand, it's over. It's O-V-E-R.....Done. Stick a fork in it.
So sad that congress would take away Trump's ability to negotiate sanctions! Congress can't even pass bills! Pathetic!
Talking about healthcare again all talk no action 2018 coming in fast and furious
Maybe it's time for you to take McConnell place. He is too weak and too slow to get things done. Time for Mitch to go! And ALL the RINO'S!
Senator, you being a No vote isn't cool.  Please use your brain to rid the nation of Obamacare and replace with a ligit program
We need you to join the shady republican behind the scenes puppet masters and use your opposition and mainstream ideas in an effective way.
Yes Rand it is. Quit playing both sides of the aisle.
... Covers all and is cheaper and better
As far as the American public is concerned it is until you and the GOP can our together a health care bull that is as MR Trump says ...
Good, get together with Democrats and get a plan that helps everyone. Better quality at lower price. Same price & quality for all
LMAO you all went home, do NOTHING senate, you're going to LOSE 2018 BIG TIME for your anti Trump ways @gop
Prices need to be posted as they vary significantly across providers within the same area. Hosptial-owned practices can charge 4x more!
#StandWithRand
Stop already...
Back to the states...
Appreciate you, but the 3 that won't cooperate won't cooperate.
Keep the pressure up. But it needs to be a bipartisan project. Choose some Dems that hate O-Care from the beginning. There are a few.
@realDonaldTrump @SECPRICEMD SIRS, CONGRESS, STAFF & FAMILiES NEED EXACT SAME HC THAT THEY FORCED ON AMERICANS & AT SAME COST AS AMERICANS.
Try co-op health care like Medi-Share.
We gave you the House, Senate, White House. Do your job for the american people 'REPEAL'
Why do you hate poor people?
Yea right. In the mean time people die because of an administrative nightmate!
Bless you for your continued focus on the repeal. Just wish McConnell had an ounce of your integrity, luv of our country & constitution.
Glad to hear. Please do not move on until healthcare is resolved. Too important. People are struggling. Thank you.
Repeal and do not replace!
It better not be. And btw, the same GOP assholes that were in the way better get out of the way for tax reform.
No. But your career might be if you continue to try to steal health care from millions of Americans.
Honorable Sen. @RandPaul hope all Americans get to receive #FREEHealthcare never mind new migrants #Philippines have #FreeMedicalcare
Make our federal elected officials have the same plans as us.
Dont give up! Needs to stand up to the spineless GOP leadership. Tired of GOP valuing personal grievances over good of their constituents
You can come out a real winner by being hardcore and the loudest in Congress at a time when they show just how weak they are Senator.
You need to make a Video holding up the names on a card of the vote against.  
If the GOP continues, these will go down as lost times.
#DEATHPANELS 

It is clean repeal or bust...
The tea party/liberty movement will be all but lost 10 years from now because of this flop!
I think the Senate and house need to have same insurance the rest of us have to make them hurry. Brain tumor victim.
I'll believe it when I see it.
Good!!!

So. Much. Fail.
Boy bye.
Sen. Paul can you tell us why the GOP has a burning desire to lose control of both Houses of congress - Alexander is insane to help OC!!!
After 7 yrs what can we actually expect anymore from talkers not walkers? So disappointing. Obama mandates STILL STAND. What abt #Freedom ?
Is repeal over. That's what you run on.
keep up the fight!  we see you Rand & we thank you for putting the American people first!
I'll believe it when I see something happen! But I do appreciate your efforts to compromise in order to move the ball forward...
Godspeed
Keep fighting to get this done. If the Senate does not get this and tax reform done they need to stay home
#putinbot.
Get the presidents agenda through 100% fight the swamp legalize marijuana
#putinbot.
Sure it is - just like your political career. #aynrandpaul
It's vital to get Tax Cuts first by November or no later than January.  It's more important now.  #healthcare can wait after.
Right money first, then worry about your health
Tax cut without spending cut, is just slitting one's own throat. One cannot decrease income and keep spending the same, it just doesn't work
Let it go. Prosecute #trumprussia. Country over party. Now. 

#treason
#moneylaundering
#collusion
#gop
Y DON'T U TRY ACTUALLY HAVNG REPLACEMENT PLAN INSTEADA VOTING FOR THIN AIR? Return MED-INS to Free market MedIns COs. Only way CONTROL COST
Fake @GOP will be voted out. No more #Rinos #Neocons #ByeBye
Take the loss with grace. Look at it as practice for the upcoming mid terms.
(stay down)
Give up the ghost already
https://www.theobjectivestandard.com/2013/08/dr-josh-umbehr-explains-how-to-get-quality-economical-health-care-and-undermine-obamacare/ … #makehealthcaregreatagain
@GOP should be embarrassed  never will be trusted again
They're end running you.  If the subsidies happen it's single-payer highway.  The narrative begun in earnest this morning
Senator Paul, I hope you are right.  Keep fighting, but have a good replacement.  Across states???  Hope so.
He has a good replacement. Look it up.
War is lost for individual policy availability
given what was being proposed, did it ever start?
Obstructionist
#ObamaCareForCongress
oh but it will be in 2018 and completely gone in 2020 the GOP criminal party will be imprisoned and banished forever thank GOD
A battle no more real than Civil War re-enactments, apparently.  Lots of pretend fighting, all for show.
I don't remember it being Rands vote that created the march toward single payer.  @SenJohnMcCain is the father of American Socialism
Repeal or let it collapse, only options
Great news!!!!!!!!! Keep the pressure on
Please stop this nonsense. Roll up your sleeve and compromise with Dems.
But that would only help Americans rather than @RandPaul's 2020 primary campaign to unseat Trump
