Americans R tired of things as they were. We've learned the hard way that our reps don't,& when we hire someone2 do something, they'd better
I had your father on my webcast. We had a great discussion on the powers of the states regarding online poker: http://podcasts.ontiltradio.com/playlist/mp3/Poker-Advocacy-Aug-18-2015.mp3 …
Will you join the National Governors Association & publicly tell AG Jeff Sessions to leave online #poker to the states?
thank you for supporting #fatca repeal... millions of US citizens abroad who are screwed by #IRS hope that #congress stops unfair penalties.
Please support state licensed online poker.
Please Support Regulated Online Poker!  Oppose ALL Federal & State Poker Bans!  Prohibition of Regulated Online Poker is a Failed Policy!!!
Please Support Regulated Online Poker!  Oppose ALL Federal & State Poker Bans!  Prohibition of Regulated Online Poker is a Failed Policy!!!
Online gaming. Legalize Regulate Tax TODAY.  The States got this.
Thank you to both of you for being friends for 9m US citizens living abroad. #fatca repeal and end of #cbtax and damaging #fbar are urgent!
Please support online poker
Please support the licensing & regulation of online poker. NJ DE & NV have proven states can effectively regulate it.
Please support regulated online poker in America.
States can regulate gaming. The Federal Government should not be in the business of protecting a casino billionaire from competition.
Meaningful Online Poker Regulation Creates Jobs, Creates new Gaming Revenue for the State(s), & Protects the Players.  It's Win, Win, Win!!!
For the past 4 years NV NJ & DE have proven daily that US/state based Internet poker is safe for US consumers. #NoPokerBan
Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.
Please tell AG Sessions to leave online poker to the states to decide. Protect the 10th Amendment and a freedom enjoyed worldwide.
Please support the licensing and regulation of online poker in America.Thank you
For freedom, jobs, revenue, and consumer protections, lease support regulation and licensing of online poker.
Please support licensing and regulation of online poker,  players need consumer protections not a ban.  Thank you
I urge you & the Freedom Caucus to stand up & fight crony capitalism by opposing Sheldon Adelson's ban of Internet poker in the USA.
Please support free and legal online poker for all adult Americans who wish to play. Oppose any federal attempts to ban the game. Thank you.
Please support regulated online poker in America. Thank you!
It really stands for if the rich don't need it it's not needed----- and if you do too bad if you don't have the cash!!!!
you realize don't you that President Trump is driving George Will out of the GOP?
It would be nice to see President Trump move toward getting on your team, not demand that you join his team.
George Will?  Good God!  #ReplacePaulRyan
NJ DE & NV have proven that states can effectively regulate internet gambling. Please allow KY the chance!
Yeah, funny how Trump did that, BUT WON'T stand up to establishment Republicrats & Democrats on the wall, on NOT shutting down gvt., etc.
I still don't like @GeorgeWill
guess you guys Got tired of "standing up" to itimidation with TrumpCare. Thanks for Obamacare lite, you oh so brave "warriors"
REPEAL
The "freedom" of which you speak is a #FRAUD. If a Kentuckian gets cancer & has no insurance, she's not free, she's #DEAD. ACA = #FREEDOM
Please support online poker and fight against an unconstitutional federal ban by Jeff Sessions.
Stand firm on Jesus And compromise on healthcare.
Speaking of liberty, as a KY resident & voter I hope you will tell AG Sessions not to ban states' iPoker via executive action. Thanks.
Waiting to see what you PRODUCE on health care and tax lowering, not a time to hang with a RHINO
Right now it stands for ineffective governing and lack of performance. Where's the healthcare bill?!!!
@realDonaldTrump is a bully who could care less about limiting government. He's Teddy Roosevelt 2.0. That not a compliment.
Sorry but I don't read out of touch George Will
Obviously it stands for Obamacare because thanks to #FreedomCaucus we still have it with all the taxes, regs & mandates.
Love the Freedom Caucus but really struggle with the notion of finding the right line between advancing your principles and compromising
@RepMarkMeadows @GeorgeWill @freedomcaucus @washingtonpost Why don't you disclose the membership? Voters deserve to know!!
I support Freedom Caucus but not anti-Trumpers. There must be a way to stand behind principles without attacking president. Will is a hater.
You are wlcome to stand for these things. Just accept many of us stand just as ardently for something else, and respect that.
Suggest flat tax abolish IRS..freedom Caucus
And that is NOT honorable, and it's NOT freedom. So delete your account, change your name.
You're all wrong. You stand for (1) Barack Obama; (2) individual mandate; (3) employer mandate; (4) Keith Ellison requirements for hlth pols
Rand, still running for President.  Platitudes without results, GOVERN fools!  I'm sick of this crap!
Since Paul has 0 influence in the Senate he meddles with House members. Sheep. Baaaaaa
Name 1 of their accomplishments besides making sure ObamaCare stayed in tact. All talk, no do.
Got ride of Drunken John Boehner, saved us from rino Ryan care!
FC helped vote in Ryan & kept ObamaCare - who are you kidding? They are right wing globalists.
Without the Freedom caucus the republicans lose the majority in the house! Is that what you want?
A republican applauding the Wapo... your obstructionist group is horrible senator. Learn how to do more than say No
Get off twitter and get to work repealing Obamacare!
Senator Rand surly your not a willing participant in this joke of a government !
Will sucks . If he had his way HRC would be POTUS
Get to work!  Repeal Obamacare!  Do your job!
Ken Bucks book DRAIN THE SWAMP will be the end of the lifers in Congress. Then there will be more seats for principaled men and women.
: Say what u will, Freedom Caucus is costing us good jobs, and that's why the Blue Collar is for Trump. Idealogical Jerks
Is it freedom?
then why do they keep membership secret? What are they hiding ?
#StandWithRand
Except it's by the arrogant foolish .@GeorgeWill who is only excelled by .@BillKristol for political circus clown of the year #SadClown
Hang in there....Freedom Caucus is not the enemy...passing Obamacare lite no answer...RHINOS r problem...controlled by special interests
Good job Senator! Keep them toeing the line.
The Freedom Caucus are the most honest people in Congress! That Bill was ridiculous. It was written by and for the insurance companies!
No to George Will
Stands for......but will be standing 4 nothing after 2018 cause they'll have lost seats bc of squandering opportunity. Doesn't pay vote REP!
Hardly! LOL! They got more votes in their districts than trump. If trump denies them, it will be trump who suffers
A return to the 50's race wise and gilded age economics
You mean never Trump Not a Republican turncoat George Will l, what a jack ass.
Right now, freedom caucus is standing on principle not results.   The country wants results.   That's what matters....get it done!
The principles are the results. I don't want the "wrong" results just so someone can say they "did something"
Obama care failure was already known 8 years ago. I was the intended result. We want it GONE. You are getting the results Obama intended.
Yep.  Get it gone.  But don't wait for perfection.  Remember, sticking to 'principals' has cost us too many elections.
If you've no principles you've nothing to win or lose.
yep. Folks like u elected Clinton and Obama.  Faith is different from politics
No it isn't. You cannot blame the principled. More people wanted that.
Feel bad for u.  Always frustrated.  U must be a prof.  In business, compromise is king...
How can you possibly call George Will your good friend. Gosh don't give me reason to lose faith in you now too.
They better stand for getting something accomplished on Obamacare or none of us are reelecting them.
Swamp dwellers praising. Each other
I can write that article in one word- donors. That's what the freedom caucus stands for. Bunch of shitbags.
Those representatives are fulfilling their campaign promises 2 the ppl being crushed by ACA costs 2 make it free 4 other ppl
If they were interested in alleviating those problems, they would have approved Medicare expansion into their states. But they didn't.
You obviously don't read their bill introductions. Just repeat what others say
Freedom Caucus = Koch fiends
HUGE MISTAKE IF GOP DOESN'T FUND BORDER WALL IN THIS BUDGET-- 

why is GOP hell bent on losing??
Trump promised that Mexico will pay for the wall.  No need to include it in the budget.
Adding a 2% tax to immigrants sending $ 2 Mexico will pay for it,  via Mexicans.
You lose your supporters when you quote GW. His thinking is becoming more and more... confusing.
And the approval rating 4 congress falls. can't get anything done. You guys "standing on principle"4 media is all people hear. Do work
That was ridiculous. Wake up!
George Will being your good friend tells me everything. No surprise. An enemy of Trump. We see you.
An enemy of trump? If you don't obey trump, you're an enemy? That was a bigoted comment.
They are honorable people that don't cave to bullying either from POTUS or from any other person in Government! God bless them!
And they have accomplished what?
What Freedom Caucus Stands For: Gridlock.!! What will y'all do when Tax Cuts and Budget comes up? More Gridlock?
Can WE THE PEOPLE see the friggin' 28 pages anytime soon? WTF!
They published those already.
Get with your friends and have them file a real ACA repeal in the House.
that's the best thing I've heard all day. I second that Obamacare must go!!!!!!!
George Will is a dinosaur. Totally irrelevant.
You're irrelevant.
