TRUMP is the @GOP undoing & as long as so many arent speaking out about this travesty - they're gonna go down with him. Shame on them & u

I'm all for bipartisan solution!! However, the Dems will not repeal ACA, and GOP (not all) r determined. Trump promised - REVENGE is sick.
From 2020 during the primary:
From a few weeks ago:
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere. ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
Its about very different world views & has nothing at all to do with revenge.


This is very eloquent Rand, why were you a harasser of Ted Cruz in 2013 when he was trying to stop ACA from being funded? @RepThomasMassie
Cruz knew full well once an entitlement program is in place it's virtually impossible to end it so now he's trying to save some sliver >
> of free market & once again you're a hindrance & not a help. We teach socialism in our schools you're editorial is too little too late.
@RandPaul what are you thinking?  Seriously?
But we can count on one hand Senators willing to vote for true repeal of ACA so what is Rand doing to make things better given reality?
Cruz/Lee have fought hard to salvage some portion of a free market &  hope for the future. A great explainer:

Just get rid of Obama care & keep medicaid & medicare. As we improve our economy expand medicare by slowly dropping the age to qualify.
Removing all the hooks of Obamacare is the problem! They are numerous and deep!


Most of the GOP are progressives on a slightly slower track than the DNC towards total government control.
McConnell, his PAC, and GOPe actively campaign AGAINST true constitutional conservatives so let's not have them define a litmus test.
You're the only Republican making any sense on Capitol Hill right now. Keep fighting the good fight Rand.
GOP has no balls.
Liars and traitors FULL REPEAL NOTHING LESS...
I agree
What has he ever voted for? I agree but how in 7.5 years has he had nothing but repeal up his sleeve? Where is his front to back bill? 
Sure will be for 6 years they promised repeal. Give us the bill they gave to Obama. McConnell and Ryan both need 2 step down from leadership
Yes they do, they have been bought and paid for by the Globalists and Geo Soros
Great you don't like it but what is your plan?
Associative healthcare. It's a good idea too
I agree with you, no single payer, state wide controlled competitively, not government controlled. No death panels.
Repeal Obama care. The Feds can let us discount our premiums like interest on a house. 40% for a guy making min. Wage is a good start.
Gotta get it done Rand
Not sure what your tweet means; but when Cruz was trying to stop ACA in 2013 Rand was a harasser & now it's too late.
Cruz/Lee have fought hard to salvage some portion of a free market &  hope for the future. A great explainer:
My question is, why isn't he doing more to make the bill passable? All the senator things to do is complain why he won't support it.
Some know that sh*t wrapped in a tortilla still tastes like sh*t without the need to taste it. He promised repeal. That's what we deserve.
"put some guac on this shit burrito to make it taste better." - douglas boyd prob
Oh my, what a clever reply. Your slicing and intelligent rhetoric is to much for me!
gotta love it when fellow obamacare haters start going after each other
It's time to reform Wash period! No more career politicians no more salaries or pensions no more lobbying! No more bills where gov is exempt
Cruz has submitted an amendment to not exempt Congress from this new health care bill.
That is great if that amendment is in there. Gov should have never been exempt from ACA! Still need to remove the bailouts for insurance co!
The bailouts are going to stay for this round. The goal is to keep the free market alive. What remains of ACA will fail & be addressed later
Then all we need to do is repeal and not replace. Keep the government out of our healthcare and our lives!
Well there are about five Senators willing to vote for that so good luck.
Ha ha its not just me that needs luck it would be all of us that pay taxes! Any biz that needs a bailout shouldn't be in biz anyways!
i wonder how many poor counties Ran & McConnell have been to & spoke with the people, KY sickest in the nation
I strongly support Senator Rand Paul he has the best common sense idea!!
I agree with you Rand Paul. We need to start from scratch. No single payer, death panels, state wide competitive; not government controlled
Layoff the suits,billers and coders.Stop pumping .gov money into the system/inflating prices and allow healthcare cooperatives owned by US

Either way your party is toast.  If you repeal, millions will be uninsured & die.  Is that the legacy you want? What if it were your family?
Oh stop with the millions will die stuff.  That is so lame.
@RonPaul
Absolutely agree.O'care cannot/could never be fixed. It will collapse and the last people to screw with it will be left holding the bag.

And it would appear that is what the Establishment Republicans want.


I have been for association health plans but big employer plans subsidize and  that would not be available with assoc plans
Big employer plans subsidize how?
Don't pass it! It's not right, yet. More work needed!

#FullRepeal of O’care taxes #FullRepeal of O’care regulations #FullRepeal of O’care subsidies.
NO to Insurance Bailout Superfund.
Never been so disillusioned and disappointed by Republicans. The fly over nation voted for Trump and repeal of ACA! This is how freedom dird
I mean how freedom dies! 
Tell Grassley to shut Mueller down! 45 billion for opioid addiction in new bill? Rep need to rise up and fight
We've been lied to enuff the past 8 yrs. REPEAL!!
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!!!!

No law can reduce healthcare costs.There are too many people who provide no health care making a living off healthcare dollars:Layoffs.
The primary cause of the high cost of health care are third party payers... insurance and government.
Yes,third party payers:insurance companies (about a half million people) that are making big$ off healthcare $. but provide no health care
Amen! Graham plan, state oversite decentralization of healthcare will prevent single payer and allows states to respond to its citizens.
Right On brother
Randpaul this is u real. Put healthcare back in the hands of the people and out of the hands of the government.

Good! Disenfranchise them and replace with real Americans who really care about the people and not their pockets full of 

The ONLY Bill that will pass is REPEAL ONLY because THAT is what the American People voted Republicans into office to do! And NO BAILOUTS!

There are THREE PHASES to this plan. This is phase ONE. It creates a bridge to open market. GET.IT.DONE.
We are no longer talking about the House bill.
But Rand won't suck it up. He can't have it both ways.

Need Senate leadership w some balls. @RandPaul for majority leader
Medicaid increase covered and Rehab is the reason for Obamacare collapsing.  If these are left in, then it will have the same fate.
Rand, Thank you. 

Never forget that. God Bless and I am very thankful for you sticking to Capitalism and your promises. THANK YOU. 
Keep up the fight against Republican healthcare disaster plan. No subsidies to insurance. Graham plan, state oversite,  sounds interesting.

Keep it and let it fail or, repeal & replace. Either way, GOP owns it now. Years of voting against it and no work on replacement until now
You are missing a big piece to the puzzle; the prior repeals were phony show votes & we can count Senators on one hand willing to repeal.
Cruz/Lee have fought hard to salvage some portion of a free market & hope for the future. A great explainer:
It is not wise to be a firm no. The leadership will just apease the moderates who r willing to working w/ the bill.
No Failure to regulate insurance to lower premiums and deductibles will >costs to seniors will. Decreasing Medicaid will
See..Rand Paul gets it the rest don't understand they will be out of their jobs in 2018.
When Cruz was trying to stop implementation of ACA in 2013 knowing it could never be ended Rand was a harasser now his words ring empty.
Cruz/Lee have fought hard to salvage some portion of a free market &  hope for the future. A great explainer:
I agree but it will be watered down or removed by the end of it.
It true it will not pass. Cruz & Lee will not vote for it without a true free market component.
Even worse will be working with democrats to fix it which is what I am starting to hear from GOP establishment.
This kind of B.S. by @GOP is why I am NOT a Republican...@GOP lost their way two decades ago.
And lose dozens of seats for supporting a president who isn't mentally capable of retaining his seat. 25th Amendment, remove him.
We all want a repeal but there needs to be a starting point! Vote yes & continue to work toward getting the gov our of the ins business!
I think Rand Paul is too picky about some things. This HB sounds pretty good to me and puts me back in charge and I like this for sure!!

Oh and an overlooked important part to health care, inclusion of dental, costs for dental or exorbitant and shouldn't be.
If you dig you will find connections between Pharm and Insurance companies, they thrive off each other.  BIG part of the SWAMP!!
If you don't reign in the Hilary Cartel big pharm they will further dig in to our policy. That is their plan to stay in place.
Only would need catastrophic policy at that point.
Inclusion of Insurance companies as a basis to provide health care is the disaster. Rather reduce health care costs where I can pay direct.
A poor person on minimum wage cannot afford over $90 a month
Most people making minimum wage are young workers who will work their way up to better jobs.
But no matter we cannot increase the cost of health insurance premiums to the middle class to cover the cost of their health care.
I agree Rand Paul

Lead follow or get out of the way Rand Paul
WHO'S SIDE U ON MAN? MAP IT...

Trump had the solution!  Why not ask TRUMP to start LEADING on health insurance and dump the Ayn Rand nutcases???
This is a phony meme and not a Trump health care plan. He has no plans of his own. None. Nor does Trump understand the issues.
No it would be ur undoing if u voted to kill Obamacare because KY loves it. RandPaul is just say'n it isn't conservative enough as an excuse
The Republicans will shoot themselves in the foot if ACA is not repealed.
Rand knows FULL WELL there are THREE phases. Phase ONE is bridge to open market. GET.IT.DONE.
https://t.co/CwEZRM5IEj?amp=1
Whatever "undoes" The @HouseGOP @TRFuture @TeaPartyExpress @SenateGOP & the scourge that is either #DoNothingGOP or @SpeakerRyan works forme
I actually believe the Cruz amendment means far more than everyone thinks. Will eventually trigger ava to tank.

utter gibberish..
GOP needs to abolish all government programs. End the cycle of dependence. Wealthy Americans should no longer support underachieving states.
Can't wait!
how about repeal, go back to free market, help those who don't have it, LEAVE US THE HELL ALONE AND STOP TRYING TO RUN OUR LIVES
If you don't vote for this then Ocare stays and republicans are screwed. No longer support you.
You know it! But Dems are going with them! It's time for a govt of the people for the people!! No more ! Dems or GOP!
"Stand with Rand" separate the bill repeal ACA, reform the reform Medicaid/Medicare and taxes.
Rand Paul has to work with others or find another job like his Dad. Ask the question why Americans did choose you for president?
Agreed

Then get the 60 votes needed for full repeal. I don't care the "replace" as long as the Individual and Employer Mandates are gone.
STOP OBSTRUCTING! U must phase out of OCARE & phase in private mkt again to avoid pandamonium. it's too big!!!

Get with @POTUS or get out!!!!!
Weak leadership is the Republicans undoing. Pelosi  has bigger balls than McConnell
Bingo!!!!!!! @SenateGOP @freedomcaucus @HouseGOP #FullRepeal #Obamacare or depart D.C.!  @marcorubio @RepDennisRoss @RepGusBilirakis

There is a much better way to do this. Why not do full repeal 1st, then market reforms and cover preexisting as separate bills?

No @RandPaul  Republicans will be Republicans' undoing.
Your undoing was the nomination of DJT.
WRONG GET THIS DONE THEN START HAMMERING TO GET IT BETTER YOU HAVE TO START SOMEPLACE
WRONG A NO VOTE ON THIS HC BILL WILL BE YOUR UNDOING COMPROMISE THEN WORK ON HAMMERING OUT IDEAS
Feel so bad for this guy right now. This is such political garbage.
Politics is a prisoner of the possible, what r u going to do to bring repeal & replace about in practical terms?  Vote in Democrats?

Physical health of us all has to be considered a right in this country. Are we serious saying as a country, "sorry no $$ then no treatment?"
It can't be a right unless it's added to the Constitution. Healthcare is a svc performed by others
I believe we can turn to the 9th Amend that basically states ..citizens rights are not limited by only those listed in the Constitution.
That's one possibility, but rights are generally restrictions on govt for the benefit of people, not forcing ppl to perform a svc for others
In order to do this, you'd have to provide healthcare as a govt svc. So all healthcare should become govt workers, not private.
Constitutional rights are negative; they're what the government CANNOT do to citizens not what is owed.
Block grant funds to states and let them decide healthcare. Not a constitutional right for fed. REPEAL or lose me! Sick of fed interference!
We can count on one hand Senators willing to vote for true repeal; Cruz said as much in 2013 when he tried to stop implementation.
Cruz/Lee have fought hard to salvage some portion of a free market &  hope for the future. A great explainer:
On the money..we were promised repeal " by executive order on inauguration day". Congress is useless. Why vote?

Republicans will lose majority in the Senate & lying McConnell is the reason why.

Come on randpaul fix it..
We need to go back to pre-obama. REPEAL NOT REPLACE it with this garbage that's worse than obamacare! Vets and elderly have to leave the US?
Rand, even right , don't cut off your nose to spite your face! Pass something and fight the lily-livered later!
So True. What happened to the pledge to Repeal and then Replace? You are the only Senator worth anything Mr. Paul. God Bless You.

We all want a full repeal sooner or later but if u vote against it we will prob never get another chance Bite your lip we need this 2 pass
"The rain it raineth on the just, and on the unjust fella, but mostly on the just because ,the unjust steals the just's umbrella."
You are absolutely right, and they are going to pay for selling us out! The problem: ALL ARE PUNISHED !
Het rid of the Albatross Choking America!
IT IS DEAD! IT STINKS! PATCHING A ROTTEN CARCASS  TO FOREVER HANG ON OUR NECKS IS LUDICRIS !
Get (bad aim)
Oh no Rand the GOP's support of a treasonous grifter over our democracy in order to push its corporate agenda will be its downfall
He is right
Keep up the good fight.
Agree and billions for drug users while Medicaid is declined saving lives of the people who don't drug abuse unreal

Maybe Republicans are just that canny: By one estimate, it would be better for Democrats if it did pass, better for Republicans if it didn't
Doing nothing will.  Not negotiating for Americans even worse. No consensus even worse.
Just remember that voting down this bill means we're still stuck with Obamacare! Going down with the sinking ship thanks to the GOP!
Voting for and voting against still leaves us with obamacare. Read the editorial.
It's a small step forward, which is better than no step. I blame the GOP for not repealing it like they promised.
SWAMP still in charge.  Previous votes had no skin in game.
Senator Rand Paul I'm  Disabled Vet VA &Medicare Insurances Former Insurance Agent / 15 to30 % + man/Agency15%+ INS COMPANY Total 60-75%Prem
Republicans and democrats are already done; You just don't know it yet. #NAP #antistate #promarket
Like the Libertarian Party is doing so well.
For the first time in my life, I'm ashamed to be Republican! I could never agree with liberals but this is horrible #DrainTheSwamp #MAGA
Yes, you guys r finished in 2018 if u can't get something accomplished. Sad !  Both houses & can't deliver ?
This is proof that they never believed they would win the White House. How many times did they pass "repeal" under Obama?
61

Repealing without replacing will truly be the Republicans' undoing. Repealing and replacing with a truly free market will be good for all..

.@GOP will be better off letting Obamacare decay and die then passing another crazy government plan packed with pork.
We the working people are tired of being lied to again and again. Repeal Obamacare like you promised
So it's repealed and millions die?  Will you be happy?
How can government solve this problem when government is this problem ???
The government needs to get completely out of the health insurance business ... Now is the chance ...
What's so sad is Republicans know they're wrong, they know it'll hurt them in the long run, but they're doing it anyway. #RepealBill
They don't care. So long as they grow government, they're happy.
I lean with Sen Paul on this one.
I agree 100%; once again..Repubs made a promise re: repealing OCare..and let us down...I am  done& re: Pres. Trump=own worst enemy
Promise?

Bring the votes!!!
The repeal of Obamacare was a major reason I got off the couch and voted.  I don't like the idea of being forced to buy what I do not want.
But, in order for healthcare to work healthy people have to subsidize the sick people
Mike: You're wrong. Glyn: We can count on fingers of one hand Senators willing to truly repeal ACA. We have to deal with reality.

#Freemarkethealthcare 
#Repealdontreplace
do this http://wp.me/p30mf-5eK  and Trump and the GOP will win in a landslide
Delusional much?  You have no idea about the blue wave that's coming.
what is the blue wave, a police state or global warming?
Are you that stupid? I think yes...
Although I respect Rand Paul, he's dead wrong. Rome wasn't built in a day. This is only the FIRST STEP. Stop being an OBSTRUCTIONIST!!!
