Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare, I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
Thank you Senator!
About time ya did something but obstruct, Randy.
I'm glad he's at least willing to help with this even if they don't agree on everything. This will be a huge help to a lot of people.
If he helps. Too often Randy "collaborates" right up to the vote then bill is never pure enough.
He does annoy me sometimes but right now I'm just glad this is happening lol
I just wish he would vote once in a while to advance an idea a damn yard.
At least @RandPaul is keeping Campgn promise & NOT siding w/ Dem's like McCain Collins Murkowski
1) That's fine, but sooner or later you to have to be for something that can get passed, then improve it later. Story of our tanks in WW II
#SinglePayer Canadian style reform would retain free market delivery choice of doc while simplifying delivery and saving money
No socialism for the US, let people see the prices directly from the hospital or Doctor. Cut out the insurance companies.
No socialism? Ok then. No more "free" education, police, firefighters. Teachers would sell education & the poor go without. Like HC is now.
We pay property taxes for those services they are not free. The only ones who pay nothing for those services are the illegal aliens.
And I'd be happy to pay hundreds per mnth in taxes to get rid of the thousands per mth that don't even cover it all. Cut out ins thieves.
I would be happy to pay my Dr. or hospital directly for my care if prices dropped up to 80% which they could.
Costs so high,partly, because some can't pay so they end up in ER for preventable illness.If they could see Dr sooner, prevent $ & illness
Single payer solution's been chosen by other major countries & results show they were right. Much less than ,longer life,better outcomes

Totally agree...
It was not fine. Stop lying.
It was fine but not 4 people who wanted Mr. Free 2 pay 4 theirs. My Ins. went from $302/mo to $786/mo .I'm the working class I was screwed
I prayed when I couldn't afford it that I would not need a dr until April of this yr-got Medicare. Didn't have ins. For  almost 2 yrs
Im sorry no chance to reply let you know sir ramped by illegal's!!! Let the President know!
Know this illegal's take it!
Be a bad man,my back-yard!!! Make evil&kick your Ass!!! My Country i will!!!
think what could be accomplished if Congress spent as much time DOING their job instead of blaming others for why the job isn't done #MAGA
Your a father pass this,Sir.,!!!
New thing,the best way to go!!! Betray me,it will still follow through!!! President still thinking about it!!!
Please pass this on Senator!!!
Cloch the pillow,every cough!two pillow's;chew lots of tum's!!! Cal.,it hurts i know! Sue this bastrad for everthing!!! America needs you,get-well!!!
Medical doctor service reflex to kick ass,did not kick in?!!! Glad you recovered! Yes an ex-marine lossing my union skilled trade!!! That's my reflex! Illegal's must go! Union skilled trade!!!?
Fun times Over!!!
New's never listen,trump,any kat like marrco!!! Common sense,bring it back! Not a age group campus!Really!!! Age group saftey!!!
Really worried write President flashed then break it off!!!True worker problem's illegal's! Know best way's to make illegal's to go back!!! Much more,easy!Save million's tax payer's dallor's!!!
Hope your doing well&glad you work for the common! God-bless&Happy holiday's!!!
So let’s ignore the legislative process. What the hell right?
Not true . Not true .Not true. I'll l never believe you
@RandPaul please stop the onslaught of D.C. screwing the PEOPLE of our great nation.
THE REPUBLICANS RIGGED ELECTIONS 
RUN SENATE 
SO WHY YOU ASKING THEM FOR HELP 
NO HEALTHCARE EDUCATION CLEAN AIR WATER
PUSH4LEGAL ELECTIONS
As far as I'm concerned both sides are the same. They both don't get anything done of real value to the common person.
WHAT PROACTIVE SUGGESTIONS YOU HAVE TO TRY SAVE RESTORE  USA DEMOCRACY?????
suffering on the American public? If the market is destroyed, many of us will remember that though Trump may have worked the levers, you
Better
School's still there! Bring back age group's&controll!!!
I will never Vote for trump again!!!!!!
Can't be good
So it's ok for republicans to do it, but isn't that what got your panties in a wad when Obama did it.
Republicans are tired of the slow chipping away of everything.  Obamacare-will go under if left alone. #Obamaliedagain
You can't have it both ways:
If Obama was out of place doing it with DACA, Trump is our of place doing it with healthcare. It's Congr's Job
I would have agreed with you 8 years ago. Between Obama, Lois Lerner, the clean energy lies, Russian witch hunts and Debbie W Shultz,
It's cut and dry! The president should not write an executive order to bypass a job that we elected congress to do!! Regardless which Party
if congress get off butts it wouldnt b up 2 exec order. agree?
I call it complaining
We need it my premiums are crazy for the little coverage I have
Helps is on the way. Mid-terms had dang well better produce a congress CHOCK FULL of #FreedomCaucus and #TeaParty #MAGA peeps to get bHUSSEINo's Obummer-Care-Less REPEALED! 100% Repealed! Free Market replace.
Amen Dwitter.  We will work hard to make it happen.
Ditto
RT @realDonaldTrump #Americans & #WeThePeople want the Criminal/Corrupt #Congress-Big Healthcare Insur. Cos. Cartel shut down now. #USA #ACA
Wait, you're helping him bypass the legislative branch?  That seems out of character.
For months? You two weren't on speaking terms last week!
Uh-oh!
I swear if you or any of your colleagues screw us again I hope Kentucky gets smart when you’re up for re-election
Since it's not the Fed's job to "give health care to many people," how is any of this appealing to you, @RandPaul ?
Im glad someone is! After all that is one of the items people supported when they cast their votes! Hint hint!
what? allowing insurance companies to issue plans that have hardly any coverage? you must be kidding if this is how you spend your time
In other words,  we're all gonna die.
He must have listened to you.  Now it is your turn....support his tax reform bill!
The ONLY plan is no plan.  #FreeMarket
@realDonaldTrump JUST DO IT we the ppl are tired of these RINOS & DEMONRATS & we elected our great President Trump to kiss ass & MAGA MASA
Just know that we will have a democratic president again and you can't complain if they do the same thing.
I thought you people hated using executive order to make law.....just saying.
Oh?
Oh. Well, I guess it's a start.
WE NEED IT TO STICK NOT LOSE IT IN 8 years!
Please get it together on healthcare- my family is drowning under #Obamacare costs,will have to go without insurance this year if not fixed
What could possibly go wrong?
Looking forward to a COMMON SENSE plan!! Thank you!!
Please and thank you
Great plan for millionaires, big shitty deal for everyone else.  Tell the truth man.  Stop fucking your own people!!!!!?????
Who is stupid enough to believe the batshit crazy Alzheimer’s-In-Chief at this point ? The power of his pen.. LOL 
Woah woah, Rand comes out swinging from the crowds. .. I didn't like Trump's tweet of "My pen to save the world" but now I'm intrigued
Then this will be terrible
God bless you, Rand Paul!!! And God bless President Trump!!!
Great job Rand...excellent.
Someone has got to stand up.
Stay away from the RepubliCANT's who will only want to sink it
@realDonaldTrump OMG! How GREAT it would be IF S Rand Paul Could Work ON Vote YES onSomething that will BENEFIT Americans Keeping ALL HOPE
Progress! This is what we need! No more distractions, actions only!
Maybe executive order placing Congress on Obama care would give some motivation for improvement?

I doubt it
We believe in you Rand, you’re word is Gold, your direction and support of our president is so FANTASTIC, Thank You, stay strong, stay safe
RT @realDonaldTrump  @RandPaul's association plans still DISCRIMINATE AGAINST PEOPLE with PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS by CHARGING THEM MORE #USA
Shame on you, @RandPaul. If it's done in tandem with this shyster, it's bad news. History will not be kind to you.
We expect it!
HC is dead! No more BS plans! Its over! You had your chance! The President will strike a deal with democrats sooner or later!
@realDonaldTrump @RandPaul @DonaldJTrumpJr, I am sure it will be just for the rich! Not the middles or poor people in this country!
You do of course realize insurance is org'd state-by-state, isn't portable, and insurers don't necessarily gave to agree to cooperate, hmm?
Here we go yet again!  More empty BS!!!! You or @realDonaldTrump can't get your heads out of your asses long enough!!
Please give all congress the same coverage we have to deal with.
Thank you and God Bless you Rand.
Dude it’s about time to do something
We need #medicareforall now plain and simple.
Months?  Your letting the cat out of the bag.
Hahahahahahaha. Hahahahahahaha. Ha.
This is so exciting!  Thank you!
THANKS FOR YOUR PART 
Keep on working with POTUS
Hey Rand why don't you get with the rest of Trumps programs? You just pick and choose. You are becoming part of the swamp. Used to support
Obamacare modifications by executive order? Very libertarian of you. Smh.
Oh dear God...Save us from these morons
Design a RATIONAL and SIMPLE and STANDARDIZED  NATIONAL SYSTEM
Senator, Will coverage for addiction change? I have seen advertisements on TV that coverage will, so I was wondering if it is true
@fatdonnie What did you shoot over the weekend? Anything close to the tax payers amount? Pig
At least we can trust you to let us know what the bill is before passing it! Good luck- we want you to get rid of Obamacare once and for all
....so it's going to suck
You aren't flexible on anything. You obstruct, then want our vote. You're shaping up like a McCain/Graham Rhino Swamp Monster. #MAGA
One of a hand full...less than five...politicians i trust.
I sure hope so
awesome! Please send relief from ACA!
No obstructionists w/b elected or re/elected in 2018 OR in2020! We the ppl have seen what can happn/when we have an intelligent,strong POTUS
@ChuckDivine1 gee, seems like a recent previous president did similar to firearm ownership.
https://twitter.com/RandPaul/status/917720153068011521 …
Lets see who squawks 
This will be a great plan & a big deal for millions of Americans. I’ve been working with @realDonaldTrump for months on this. Details soon! https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/917698839846576130 …
I was hoping that you were on the right side Rand. Please get this done so our tax cuts will be easier. @POTUS supporter 
Senator you are the worse swamper in the Senate Either you are mentally challenged or just plain Anti-Trump.
What about ending subsidies for politicians & their staffs???????
If it has individual & employer mandates (w/ tax penalties), then, NO!  It's NOT the PROMISED REPEAL of Obamacare!  Do what you promised!
So all AMERICANs will get the same Health Care Benefits as you guys are!!!
Thank you both!!!
If it ain’t free market health care, I don’t want it.
Way to go @RandPaul! Thank you for not giving up.
THANK YOU!!! I want my insurance back!!!
Thanks.  Looking forward to it. @RandPaul
You guys have no concept on the destabilizing force this will create in the market.
You've been had, Rand. Never make deals with serial liars.
Please go back to doctoring.
Congratulations you win great plan so happy President Trump cares about the people
Amen!!! We need talented Patriots working together to MAGA!!!
Oh yeah, great job. Now you can get back to killing tax cuts. You're worse than a RINO.
If you'll just drop the mandates and fines it will unravel #obamacare taxing someone for not having health care is ludicrous
so glad you stayed strong against most, this was a good start, stay with Trump to get an even greater permanent health plan, .
Senator - why not propose we (ALL) receive same healthcare plan as members of Congress receive!?  Level playing field will get deal done!
Help the President he needs your help he has traitors in the White House
Two weeks?
Your daddy must be so ashamed of you.
Hope so! I have supplemental in addition to regular insurance & it is costing me some of my grocery & some meds I don't pick up . 
I buy all my meds myself, from http://PharmStore.com   it’s cheaper than my insurance and I can get 3 months supply at a time.
I will check it out. Thanks 4 info. Poor ppl &!rich ppl have no problem. Middle class gets hosed.
will he be using an illegal/unconstitutional Executive order?
Ocare is even worse if you have a pre-existing condition due to the outrageous deductables
Thanks...much appreciated! Americans look forward to this. Unravel the whole ACA! De-centralize this Government!
Yes, getting fucked out of healthcare is a big deal to people. I appreciate you using words that "fucking moron" can understand though.
I’ll be very surprised if this isn’t complete bullshit.Can u guarantee us that people who currently have health insurance won’t be screwed?
@LouDobbs @SebGorka Dick Morris at Republican Club talk gave great solutions how @POTUS can kill Obamacare without McCain, Ryan & McConnell.
Senator, I hope that GOP will unite and stand together 2 repeal health care but right now CUT TAXES. Tax cuts will be a major victory 2 MAGA
DO IT!
In typical @POTUS hiprocisy, he's using Executive Orders after critizing @BarackObama for doing the same.
I thought you hated executive orders, why not write legislation? After all that's your job! #SinglePayer
Thank you for putting America First!!! #MAGA
OMG! Your still behind this Liar in Chief! Wake up! "Forgive those for they do not know what they do". Hope we don't get blown up! Sad.
well someone needs 2 be working with @POTUS instead of swimming in Swamp The American people/voters are watching everything& will vote again
Indeed, we are paying attention.
It's funny. When Obama used executive orders, it was destroying our democracy. Now, it's a great plan and a big deal. What changed?
So a libertarian is supporting executive orders?
Anything is better than nothing,  but I don't understand why POTUS can't get he prices of prescriptions down or let us buy from CAN legally
Sweetest tweet of the day! Looking forward to what the collaboration has designed and developed.
Holy f**k..... What've you done now
@clanceman65 @realDonaldTrump We need it NOW before we have to pick plans for 2018, or else u will have 2 allow us 2 change plans
see @mitchellvii Stand with Rand and Trump!
Bravo!! This is great news, now it's time to get the whip whipping everyone else into agreement. Teamwork!
Not much doubt you will trash it before it becomes law because it is not 100% perfect enough to suit U. Like healthcare. Ever hear of steps?
You’re not ashamed for working with trump? You should be.

Your a fascist just like your buddy your also a racist and a bigot call it like I see it NAZIS
"GREAT" Paul? You are even beginning to sound like him.
Protect pre-existing conditions. Maintain essential health benefits. No high risk pools.
So you too will be the cause for millions of people to die. Congrats
American Patriots will support those that support the President
Thank you Senator for your willingness to work with POTUS on this. We appreaciate your efforts. God bless.
Oh,so if you're “working”on it, this must be the plan where no one has insurance and pays out of pocket for everything. bye Randy.
We will see. Hopefully people will hold judgement until after they've opened the book. Plenty of time to complain later. 
You guys better do something because this is outrageous !!! Thank god our president is doing something because the Senate is a total failure
I bet you tell all your friend you're a "state's rights" kind of fellow. But you also don't care Trump uses executive orders, right?
I do that’s why we need the senate to take action a do his job and get behinds Trump agenda that’s why the American People vote for him!
Do you wanna know how I know you're a bot?
Typical left you don’t let any express their point of view why I’m not surprised...
Please, express your viewpoints as much as you'd like..

Conservatives attacked Obama for Exec orders. You praise Trump.
You're a hack.
Fantastic anything anyone Donny touches he pollutes be great to see your downfall bring it on
yes opening up across state lines is the #1 priority.. Good job
Thank you HUSSEIN obama for the illegal changes to an established law that give THE PRESIDENT the precedent he needs to fix your bullshit.
Better hurry.  BCBS has pulled out of our county leaving us 0 choices
They just pulled out of Virginia too.
Ga is to offer "Ambetter" Health.  The reviews are terrible
Love my Senator Rand Paul.  Mitch not so much
We can tell, this tweet sounds as stupid as his!
Ur a traitor to republicans for blocking everything our President tries to get done and i regret ever donating to u. #Hispanics4Trump
This will be viewed as an act of war by the enemies of America and they will act accordingly
Don't you think that when you make these announcement you should provide details?  "Great plan" and "big deal" aren't actual details.
So executive orders are only unconstitutional when the black guy does them?  Got it.
Thank you senator for working for millions and millions of Americans on this really important matter #healthcare
THANK YOU RAND.......
How many politicians does it take to change a light bulb?http://All.One  to change the bulb,they rest to decide where to eat lunch.
.@mitchellvii Uh oh Bill, looks @RandPaul has been working this all along with Trump. Keep bashing Rand for accomplishing nothing.
my ass you have a plan
you are a weak man Sir
I hope this includes helping our elderly.Copays for Medicare prescription drugs r unaffordable. Some retirement and SS not enough to live on
so executive orders are now good?
Glad to see someone cares. Thank you!
Sounds like things are about to get even Shittier on the Trumptydumpty shot show
We need an Obamacare repeal not a fox for something broken !
#StandWithRand no others compare...
So you’re cool with executive orders now? You’re a fraud.
He not fraud and this excutive order legal as be used on exist law big difference from what Obama was doing!!! Which create law with eo.
While your at it ,,, can you make it so us vets who are 100% disabled and deemed unemployable can collect our social security entitlements
#StandWithRand I feel better about this already with a Libertarian involved
I trust you, Rand. Keep up the good work 
Believe me, this will be the greatest executive order ever. It will be tremendous, huge!
Duh it's gonna be a big plan when you end up murdering thousands of people who can't afford insurance after you gut the aca....
Sporadically talking to Dolt 45 over several months doesn't even remotely qualify as "working" with him.
I feel strongly tht ppl w/medical background shld be fixing probs w/hcare sys.As layperson even I can see the shift ovr yrs tht hurts Dr&pat
So glad your daddy and he are friends now. SICKENING!!!

Pssst. @pnehlen coming after your job. Only thing you have been working on for months is collusion with Dems & RINOs against Trump's agenda.
Thank you Senator Paul. We'll get you and the President backup for 2018 Clean Repeal and your free market plan.
Yeah.... I'd like to see a tiny smidgeon of integrity from ANYONE in the #GOP
I hope you're going to run in 2020 - I'll vote for you for sure!
. @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Save me from #Obamacare ! My deductible is $6500! Fake healthcare!
So you're saying that Executive Orders are a *good* thing now?
Thank you Senator!  God Bless .
Thank you!  More competition
