You deserve to know.
#Bigly story
-he's on it
Why? What's he afraid of?
OBAMA IS A VOYEUR !
They spied on everyone dude!!!  Which is the major problem nobody seems to grasp all the way!!!

Its not really disputed fact that these agencies collected information on "everyone." 
I think that is the point that's being made.
Is it though?If it is he's being Suttle about it.  Trump was worried about being spied on by Obama didn't say anything about the rest of us.
Being"subtle"
I'm referring to the original comment that you replied to. Lance said they spied on "everyone" and you posted the snarky comic
They do!!!  No subtlety here it's a fact!!!!  You have been spied on as well every key stroke recorded
So do I...
I doubt they did.  No one's interested in what you have to say, really.
He is sad, no one is looking into me, I do stuff, I do. Look at me, notice me, I am important, my mom says so. Interview me, me, me, me, me
Paul is full of BULL SHIT. They are trying to divert off Trump. I read the entire GOP is under RICO investigation. PBO is not in office
I would like to know how many people mainly republicans were spy by Obama very sad
Bro your own ppl don't wanna hang w you. Who the hell is gonna spy on you?
Seriously?  You're like a reality show wannabe star trying to create drama to make sure you're renewed next season.  #PATHETIC
If lying R Paul haven't done anything wrong, what is there to fear. It seems like it must be true what i read about the RICO investigation.
Ah yes the powerful junior senator from Kentucky who garnered < 5% of the vote in the republican primaries, very high priority target
They spied on anyone and everyone who voiced the slightest, strong opposition...even if it was just on Facebook & chat forums
Mr @Randpaul working hard to see if he was spied on than doing any productive work whatsoever for his constituents... #Unmasked #SusanRice
Sen Paul... we hope you stick with this & don't let colleagues convince you to "sweep under the rug""
OBAMA&HILLARY BOTH SPIED ON YOU&MADE UP THE FAKE RUSSIAN HACKING DNC STORY 2COVER UP THE MURDER OF SETH RICH &BLAME RUSSIA 2SPY&FRAME TRUMP
Of course he did
The Boy-King 0bama DEMANDED ready-read transcripts on everyone in GOP or that made him mad that day. His anger...palpable...
Did Obama spy on u? Only by mistake, right?
Let's guess...you betcha!!
Considering @RandPaul was actually Winning in the primaries & Blocked by @FoxNews , it makes sense that Rand would have been spied on 
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
Sean Hannity wants to know if he was spied on. We know Jason Chaffetz was spied on 40 times by Obama's and Susan Rice!
Yeah, 'crept NONE of that ever happened.
Good for Rand Paul!
Maybe not so good. What's he got to hide?
Nothing. It's the fact of the matter.
@RandPaul seems to be worried he is caught up in the #TrumpRussia scandal. I wonder why he is afraid of that. Let that sink in...
the question the republicans never answer is. What would Obama be 'spying' on you for? You afraid? Illegal?
Right on
Rand. You are a coward cloaked in as a patriot. You and your party are a deplorable representation of liberty and patriotism.
Does Rand have any ties to Russia? Let's investigate him!
@RandPaul the forgotten.  Looking for looking for some limelight.

I can almost guarantee every adminstration has had surveillance on everyone that has ever held high political position. You're not special.
If you work for the government, it comes with the territory. If you have nothing to hide, there's nothing to fear.
Of course Obangme did !!!!!
.@RandPaul @nytimes Rand the Obama administration did spy on you. Desperately Wanted to know your hair styling tricks. Hair spray or gel?
I want to know Who ordered it, Names and Why it was done.  What BS.
Hey why r u so worry did something wrong dead beat.
Rand, you sound like a paranoid schizophrenic.
Guilty of something rand!?
If so then what?

I'll tell you...

Not a DAMN thing...
Wenner has ask the same question. Wenner said he would trade classified documents for a copy of the video.
SUE ~EM RAND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Woo Rand!
Hahaha, you really need to ask?
Stop chasing unsupported accusations (hunches, hearsay,..) that take time away from TrumpRussia investigation. Show evidence. #resist @FBI
DON'T BLAME HIM. I WOULD WANT TO KNOW.
They certainly did
The Russian story was created to listen in & unmask! Why did the FISA court allow all this unmasking? Why did a sitting president no 2 know?
They collect it all (the haystack).  Ron you are no more special than the rest of US.  We are all adversaries of the NSA, ask Clapper.
#StandWithRand
I think every conservative in Congress should file suit to find out. I mean spying is in the manual for the Fundamental Transformation no?
Can tell you that already. Yes. Iguess the other Sen and Reps dont care. Obammy spied on everyone even his adopted kids
@Bonnie75444152 EVERYBODY NEEDS TO WAKEUP AND SMELL THE COFFEE! UH? YEAH!!!
@Tess4579 Trump spends weekend in safe zones, WH is full of leaks.  Spies all over DC.
I want to know it Rand Paul spied on me! It deserves an investigation. No I don't have evidence of it that's why I need the investigation
If you were a #GOP candidate in 2016 you were most likely surveilled #SubpoenaRice #CrookedHillary @dcexaminer @RandPaul #MAGa #tcot
Damn, these guys give Obama a good deal of credit! He must have been busy. Rand Paul meeting with Russians?
Get over yourself.  You were a wimpy candidate w/ a crappy campaign.  You weren't important or impressive enough 2 warrant any attention
They most likely did.
No, they didn't.  His father is more popular than him. Noone cares Rand.
Good luck trying to get to the bottom of that mess. You'll be bullied by the Dems. and you won't find anything, trails that lead to the UK
Was he calling the Russians? Then probably.
They did. They spied on Cruz, Rubio, Goober, Paul, Kasich, and all the other GOP Presidential candidates
Y r U so nervous?Hiding Trumps $ or deeds w Putin?
It's always all about Rand
Are you kidding, of course they did! Obama most crooked president ever
You have got to be on drugs. 45 has told more bald face lies since being in office than any 10 people.
attack, accused, insult - - yep
seems to be standard dem response
what is a bald face lie?
facts - some facts
JC, after the last 8 yrs. ,you have got to be kidding. Watermelons on the WH lawn,the birther lies, Obama is a Muslim, he is not American ..
you have lost me here - -
Yes Obama is a POS!! Crooked to the max, not just a liar but a rebel with an agenda. Only Killary could be worse!
No one cares. Blatant attempt to distract media from trump Russia and healthcare disaster!
The question today is not; did they spy on me, it is instead who didn't they spy on?
lollollollollollollollollol
Dollar to a donut of course #Obama did. He's a fundamentally dishonest ideologue, well, a #Democrat.
And you Russian commie lovers are angels
If any usable info its a No doubt&buried as Deep state as Rottens Emails.
You know he did!
@lekh27 How and who will do these honors
go get'em tiger!
Don't flatter yourself, we can't afford to into your pettiness, get a grip
You betcha.
Feeling guiltily- or just trying to spread false news??
ZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzZzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz zzzzzzzzz zzzz #BoredAF
Ever heard of a FISA warrant?  If you were picked up on surveillance, that means you were talking to someone under FISA, or foreign source.
I would say that he did. With everything with what Ms Rice did - for Obama. I would even wager he had it done to his own party.
he's not that important, jimminy whiskers.
um. no. there, issue solved.
they spied on EVERYONE... EXCEPT ISIS.
You should only tell him if he votes for replacing Obamacare
They wanted to know what's in that nest on your head
go get him Senator. Enough is enough the Dems getaway with thier outlaws
@Lunaseesall Duh? Spied on EVERYONE n Congress/Senate/Supreme Court? EVIDENCE is THERE? KEEP looking. #ObamaGate & #WireTapGate
Of course he @RandPaul -Obama spied on everyone. He thinks rules don't apply to him.
He spied on everyone? He spied on you and me? Time for tin foil on windows and black helicopter watch! One question...are you high?
yea, that's what she said -

no
Fact is Obama used tax payer $  for political purposes and they still lost
You need to check out the meaning of fact. But,you obviously are a trump lemming, so never mind..we do not want you more confused
You betcha!
@dcexaminer @RandPaul AND he's quoting BREITBART..omg..he is sooooooooo damn funny!!
He knows they did @dcexaminer
Almost certainly yes.
Russia, Russia, Russia.
Rand, the answer is............................................................................YES.
Hey Rand, nice try on the Stupidparty-Republican distraction nonsense.. However since your so paranoid better pack this .
Is your pre existing mental health a problem, again?
While he's at it he needs to find out who else Obama spied on. Very weak, insecure leaders do that kind of thing.
Of Course They Did; They Spied On Everyone & used it to BLACKMAIL those who opposed them. That's how they VIOLATED Federal Law for 8 yrs!
Investigated is the term
Hahahaha, Randayan found out he's targeted by FBI and is deflecting. Too funny!
What's the odds on, YES??
Rand Paul is a meth head the way he acts probably has a tin foil hat
@RandPaul of course Rand. Rice most likely had your name unmasked too.
Dude you were dead last in polls. Do try and act important.
@RandPaul is that right. I wqnt to know how much illegal money you've taken from Super pacs. Benton? America's Liberty PAC. Derp
Everyone gets spied on, it's George Orwell time
You already know! This is simply unacceptable and OBAMA & Crooked leaders must be held to account for all their crimes!
Wash Examiner should follow up w Rand Paul over Jade Helm 15. Rand Paul, promoter of paranoia!!
Same man who said that would look into Jade Helm 15. Supposed Obama coup. Regular US military exercises. Rand Paul, promoter of paranoia!!

http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/jul/31/cia-admits-improperly-hacking-senate-computers-sea/ …
I've stopped wearing my Rand Paul shirts
Only if you were on the other end of the conversation with a foreign agent. Were you?
Of course he was. No question. Rand even speaks with a Russian accent.
If you haven't received a blackmail letter by now I guess you're safe!!
Did Rand spy on President Obama?

FBI is targeting at least twenty-eight people in Donald Trump’s Russia scandal http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/28-fbi-donald-trump-russia/2594/ …
most likely
PLEASE get to the bottom of this.  The criminals doing this need to go to prison!!!  Be strong and fight for every American's freedom!
Listen to Hollywood Folks, they are the 1st to tell Americans the TRUTH!
The answer to that and many more questions like that will shock the nation.
Why would @RandPaul think he was being surveilled, incidentally or otherwise, by the IC, Hmmmm? Who's he been talking to, & about what?
You should be more about the funds that are going to get cut that fight the opioid epidemic in Ken if the #AHCA passes the Senate.
Why did he have something to hide? Did he collude with Russia too?
@RandPaul you mean he wants to know when he's going to jail for the stuff they have on him?
Oh FFS.
That has become my mantra. 
Senator Paul is it going to take you to stage Susan Rice up there to testify?! Please please take action get her up this need to be exposed
@RandPaul WHAT IS YOUR DEAL...WHAT DO THEY HAVE ON YOU THAT YOU WANT THEM TO INVESTIGATE THE LAST ADMINISTRATION AND NOT THIS ONE. TRUTH NOW
-We all want to know the entire list of people who were spied on !!
It's funny how they refer to you as "formal presidential candidate" instead of "sitting U.S. Senator".
But seriously. "Warrantless"?
Was he talking to Russians too?
I would not be surprised if he did! Why don't you encourage Congress to investigate. The American people want to know!
Ask #Wikileaks...
What did you do Rand?  Speaking to Russians perhaps?
He doesn't want his rights being violated and he can't be searched without a warrant so stop with these conspiracy theories already
Good for him! 
#russiagate is real. And your tweets suggest you might have something to worry about. . Play with Russia and Russia gets on ya.
Shut up already, russiagate is nothing but a conspiracy witch hunt right now
Just be honest, tell everyone what is going on. Put an end 2 this Foreign invasion of our Great Country. Truth will matter now, step up!
They did and yes you should find out and make it all public. Thanks Rand!
I used 2 believe U were principled till I looked further into your beliefs on USSR. 
Whatever they have on u, don't sell out our Country.
You can bet on it Rand.
Bet they did!
If the Obama admin did then that means a federal judge heard evidence and athorized it. What are you hiding?
No they had no warrant. Why do you think Obama never did anything about the USA Patriot Act that was passed by the Bush Administration
go jump on that crazy train Paul! or R U worried about contact U had w/ fringe organizations & governments under investigations? #traitor?
You can bet they did along with countless Americans that campaigned for and supported our President. Been doing it for years.
Time for the tin foil hat.
Who didn't Obama spy on..is the question
Probably
Let's save you the trouble, Mr. Paul. Yes, you were spied on. The question is, what are YOU and other Congressmen going to do about it?!
Div
Are you linked to Russia ?? #TrumpRussia
Easy answer, yes.
I doubt it. Paul wasn't even close to being a threat to win the election. Give's himself a little to much credit. Huge ego
good luck...We will never know the extent of their evil.
Of course they did, they will deny it and he will never prove it. Always assume the left is doing all they can to cheat.
Of course they did, they thought Psychopath HRC would win the election and all their lawlessness would never have seen the light of day.
Of course they did Rand. The illuminati are spying on everyone in the USA
Media is ignoring Obama abuse of power. These criminals need to be investigated and prosecuted!
That's so stupid! The FBI did the spying! Those mfs will say anything to smear Obama
Pretty sure he did Rand
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLftBNdz2Lo …
Well, this puts McCain's comments in a whole new light, dudn't it?
Yup.
Lay the books open. Let's see who they spied on, and determine if it was for political reasons. Why not?
@RandPaul I hope so since it's ok to spy on me and sell my info.
Precisely. Where's the legislation to back up the outrage that he/we all can be surveilled?
I think the American people deserve to know also
I truly doubt that Paul was a big enough threat to Obama that would warrant any wire tapping.
No body was ever a threat to Obama as it was impossible to pull the curtain back exposing him for what he was 4 fear of being called racist.
-(2/2) and the lied about it. She will say she was looking for your ties to Russia.
If we were betting, I'd say absolutely. LOL
Hah is there a reason to????
What were DJT's lies?  Specifically?
-(1/2)Yes, they did! And Susan Rice will tell you so, if you can get her subpoenaed! She is above the law and abused the law, and then lied
Guess what Senator, you bet your ass they did. And you can't do a thing about it. Unfortunately
