Health Savings Accounts (of which I have one) do not help poor people. Healthcare helps poor people. You know better doc
You fail to understand. Do research vs. throwing out logical fallacies. Counter Rand with actual facts buddy.
says a guy who supplied no facts or reasons why Grim is wrong haha
Please look at my replies to Rand. I didn't say anyone was wrong. I coached him to do research.
here is my research where is yours? http://www.cbpp.org/research/health/what-is-a-health-savings-account … @MateoElGigante @RandPaul
Secure a deductible that's less than $2000.... you will be fine. Pick a new plan if the deductible is $6k
tell that to poor people with no healthcare.
Why don't they have healthcare? Lack of jerbs or high price of goods because of increased supply of fiat
If I pay $174/mo. into my health savings that's $2088/yr. It'll cover your deductible, check ups, and carries over to next year!!
that won't even pay for hang nail
Again another logical fallacy. This is a very serious issue and your comments do not help. You don't understand.
I do understand this plan is for the rich. I work in medical establishment 2,000 won't pay for anything
How much is your health insurance premium/deductible? The money you paid to an insurance company is saved instead.
how does this work for people who cannot save? Genuinely curious.
Then HSAs might not be a good fit. There's no reason to eliminate choices. Monopolies increase costs.
Hey, I'm a Kentuckian, and my question is: How in the name of sweet baby Jesus do HSAs help poor people pay for healthcare?
"Poor" people qualify for Medicaid, especially if their state expanded it. Is Medicaid going away?  No. So stop.
Sorry, @HatpinHolly. I'd love to argue the merits of the ACA vs the right's healthcare plan, except they don't have one.
ACA doesn't have merit to prop it up with more tax money, since democrats didn't actually fund it. 1 segment of pop can't fund it alone.
It isn't actually collapsing, as is, altho imperfect:
It's collapsing. Too many states left with 1 insurer & most need infusion of cash: a bailout or they are out too. GOP can sit back & wait.
Wondering what you think of Hawaii-Care and or an employer mandate for healthcare benefits?
I'm sure people will feel really empowered when they go bankrupt from medical bills.
Under Obamacare, the middle class already is…by a thousand out of pocket cuts.
Healthcare costs were expensive before Obamacare. Uninsured face immediate destitution from medical emergencies.
Sorry, deductibles were never this out of control.  It’s all out of pocket for middle class now unless hit by a bus.
And what about the working poor? Even the worst case scenario would be out of pocket for them as it was pre-2009.
Ocare now incentivises NOT going to the doctor- to ignore warning signs and pain because EVERYTHING is out of pocket.
So does being uninsured. Agree Ocare needs changes but I don't trust Rand Paul to make it better.
why is heath ins. treated differently than other insurance like home or auto? Preventative maintenance is paid out of pocket.
that's what drive up the cost of insurance. People use it as a payment plan instead of big things.
@JGrim13 Hahahahaha. I loveee how you manipulate my points but without actually addressing 1. Way to go DOC. #typicalcollectivists
Here's one from a constituent: How do HSAs help poor people that pay little or no taxes? Imma hang up and listen.
As a one income family that isn't even middle class, we are able to put money into our HSA. It's been helpful. 1
What would be more helpful is our prem going down.
when you all get ready.. have doctors explain it, massive townhalls across the country, still need tort reform and price controls
Something to note... RP isn't advocating this for everyone. We need to make healthcare competitive/innovative to lower prices $$
how about we just let the poor working class die? We could use that money spent on them for billionaire tax cuts!
Thanks for putting a gun to my head.  I hope one day my grandkids can forgive you for killing their grandma!
great! Obamacare on a death spiral. Please make part of the plan to control costs. Also, allow us get "catastrophic" insurance.
@CinderellaMan2 Wishbuou could set up a family #HSA we really couldn't afford to do separate accounts right now.
you want to empower the owners of those institutions, nothing for public. I take it back when I said you were one of the sane ones
Line your pockets thieves...I pity Kentucky/ Two stooges in office/ I feel bad for your constituents...
I support your actions on this. On HSA's, they should be cumulative, tax-exempt and transferable at death.
You want to end taxing the rich to pay for Healthcare for the poor.  Which redistribution cut is next? Social Security?
health savings accounts mean we pay our medical bills it does not make insurance affordable. Stop paying CEOs
on life support, calling around for the best price? This claim of Dr.Paul's is asinine. Call around as you lay in you Auto wreck?
question: how on EARTH can HSA's or tax breaks help the average American save up for a major health crisis??? Makes NO sen$e
@Mike_Beacham maybe Paul can take the HSA my company only has that pays for nothing for 6 people. Doctors don't take a empty HSA
@Mike_Beacham Healthcare savings accounts are complete bullshit
@Mike_Beacham another savings account with nothing to put in it. Oh boy pathetic
@Mike_Beacham Healthcare savings accounts are complete garbage. Wake up
HSA's do not work theyve been around for tears and years they dont work you cant make them work.
raising taxes on backs of hard working to pay more for uninsured is not cutting cost its redistribution
how is that going to work for the poor... Rethink this!
Republican here-Can you leave this for a few weeks, take care of the WH issue? You will be celebrated by all. Save the party, too
please reform torte! Find and punish abuse and fraud billions of dollars to save there
How about empowering Congress to do their job and investigate? Coward. Sad.
Great new plan. Pls consider HR 365 (Direct Primary Care) too. It truly empowers patients and docs

#DirectPrimaryCare
Another way for the rich to avoid paying taxes when they withdraw the money at 65 or whatever. Smoke and mirrors
Health savings accounts? Your kidding right?  Lower income people save for years then get totally steamrolled by cancer . Joke!
if you have a chronic illness HSA'S are almost pointless. Tax deductions don't help if you don't make much, same with credits.
We need simple tax code. No appeal or replace. Just get Gov out of running anything. incapable of running anything efficiently
isn't that bushes healthcare..
right you just want to screw us..period
Thank you for your leadership Senator Rand Paul!
did you really graduate med school, it says shit about our education system
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rand-paul-michael-flynn_us_58a36eeee4b094a129efc452 …
Also, how does one on minimum wage save enough prepare for the costs of a heart attack, you know, just in case? Just wondering.
Isn't it kind of hard to shop for a cheaper dr./hospital during an emergency, like a heart attack or car accident?  Just curious.
just another alternative fact Republican.
just tell them it will be set up how insurance is supposed to be set up. Ha!
Are you controlling cost in any way?
Americans want the same care Bernie, Obama & Congress have
is your solution for those of us in one of those three categories?
Health savings accounts won't work for the unemployed, under employed or those on disability and that's a lot of people. What....
How can the working class put money in a Health Saving Account when they can't even save money to retire on? Your so out of touch.
after yesterday I can't look at you without laughing what you said yesterday was so telling about who and what you really are
What about driving down Pharma costs?  No plan will be effective without plan to drive down costs across the spectrum.
GEEZ RAND, I MEAN WALLY WHY GO AFTER ALL YOUR POOR PEOPLE EARNNG LESS THEN $16000 IN KENTICKY THERES SO MANY RAND
GEEPERS WALLY, BIFF, I HAVE ARTILCLES HERE THAT SAY THAT RAND AND HIS CRONIES WANT TO WIPE OUT ALL MEDCAID EXTENSION W O/C RECIP
Here is a question...How is an HSA which is MY money equal to health insurance? That's not coverage for all, only the rich. #Swamp
You a have plan & Yet GOP establishment has made it clear, they don't have the courage to rip this entitlement/dependacy hook out
Read about the meeting... sorry I was right. I wanted to be so wrong.
What kind of coverage do you have?
Why have health savings accounts. Insurance should pay for all illnesses. Makes no fucking sense Rand @SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain
Obama already did that. Find a new cause.
I hope you will increase HSA limits and make all medical expenses deductible- then we can care for ourselves.
lost respect for you after statement of Rep should not investigate Rep. thought u were different guess not
The R's only wants to empower themselves.  #leavemyhealthcarealone
health savings accounts are NOT insurance and will NOT help the very or even moderately sick. #nationaldisgrace
patients want to choose when they have kids. Are you trying to be involved in that? I expect a baby shower present, nothing cheap
HSA, Deductions and Credits don't mean anything to empowering patients and doctors as costs are passed on to consumers.
How does one empower anyone when the cost is through the roof with the competition destroyed by risk corridors destroyed my Rubio?
HSA = status quo.  Too expensive for most people.  Tax deductions for lower income is a joke, and they cannot fund the HSA accts.
This is horrifying for the very young very old that are terminally ill and pre-existing the population that is most vulnerable
what about contraceptives?
WHAT ABOUT OLDER WOMEN DONT NEED IT!! I  USED TO PAY FOR IT ON MY OWN.LOVED IT.I DONT NEED TO PAY FOR OTHER WOMEN'S
true, but they need other med/mams/paps to be healthy & I would be happy that a portion of my $ covers their costs
great work
how do I start my own HSA bank? $5/month for squat sounds like the best job.
You want to empower big corporation.  We're not idiots.
Holy red tie!
When will singles of good health with HSA's be allowed to buy catastrophic health plans & not have to pay for One Size Fits All?
people can't even save for rent emergency's let alone any saving this is ridiculous for the rich only. I got you on minimum wage.
Did you READ how the HSAs work & the $5,000 tax break?  Real poor qualify for Medicaid, esp of their state expanded it
disappointed by your statement that you won't investigate the right, that nullifies our voice, party over people, that important?
all spoken like an idiot that doesnt realize poor people have no money for HSAs or take deductions Understand the state you rep
As a libertarian I used to be a diehard supporter of yours, but your recent blatant partisan shift has made me lose faith in you.
Empower patients and repeal all healthcare freebies. Doctors empowered =specialized care not general care
Give health savings to retirees.O still work and lost mine due to age
Err...America is imploding and you want to take healthcare away from 20 million citizens? 
Odd.
killer and chief health care for rich only Paul
we want UHC or atleast a public option!!!
Health saving accounts does not work especially if they are not off set by an employer.
death insurance
savings accounts and tax breaks work well for people with money. Got anything for people that pay only payroll taxes?
All the men pictured here have govt subsidized healthcare. Let that sink in while you listen to what they have to say.
key to cutting healthcare costs is FDA reform. Speed up approval process and move most Rx from prescription to over the counter.
Health savings accounts were first proposed by
A. Richard Nixon
B. Ronald Reagan
C. Bill Archer
I used to HAVE one! But Rand is right, you couldn't use it except for specific things.
then expand Medicaid.
Any questions so far about legalizing UNLAWFUL acts by healthcare providers?
make insurance keep maximum out of pocket
@aduanebrown There is no place where your individuality counts more than in the healthcare setting...but you should forget that. 
how about Russia u partisan hack?
@GOP This sounds great! With this new plan, I won't have to think twice before I hop in my Bentley and drive it to the doctors.
Here's a question. What are you going to do about the outrageous cost of care? Address that and insurance will become affordable
This does not empower patients at all. Still no control over drug prices and doctor's fees.  Not to mention hospital bills.
why don't you think scandals from your own side should be investigated?
Thanks, Senator! Bypassing InsCos for minor care will lower costs. Use InsCos ONLY for cat-coverage & gap ins. MSAs pay deductible
you mean to say you want enrichen pharmaceutical companies.

And how many of us in Kentucky will suffer? Is that even a consideration?
RPs ideas to reshape healthcare in favor of the patient is genius. Why wouldn't we enable all to save money and invest as needed.
Russia, doe.
People living paycheck to paycheck are really going to embrace HSAs.
With the $8K/yr I spend just on medical not covered by insurance, I've thought if only I had a larger Health Savings Account. 
So with premium, deductible, and uncovered expense, $20K/yr. That was happening before ACA, so don't even.
If you can't afford monthly premiums how the fuck do you save money for HSA????
...while bankrupting Americans.
and Insurance Companies (omitted)
GENIUS LOVIT #STANDWITHRAND TOTAL KNOWLEDGE...
Hang tough, Rand.
: You want to hurt people.
This is a really funny tweet
NHS like in UK
why isn't this being covered by @cspan?
Get legislation done please. Talking about talking about doing it will only do so much. Why don't you surprise America.
He's trying. Getting this support is a major step in getting the rest of the party to rally around one plan
Got you, hope so. Heard of a lot of "major steps" over the last how many years. Let me know when we have legislation.
#PLEASE change the reimbursement of #doctors under #Medicare! Cut #paperwork #overhead!
This is so wonderful.  Get this expensive monkey off America's Back, Senator Paul.
what is Russia influencing the WH?
@BrianSandoval Rand Paul is going for the throat of the Obamacare.
And by proxy - citizens.
health savings accounts will really help a lot of low wage people. Freaking moron
Rand Paul once said Donald Trump is a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag, Now his kissing his,,,,,,,,,,
Suuuuuuure you do.
what do you think the above is about? 
