Rand, Please introduce a Bill so that Congress is NOT EXEMPT from any HEALTH CARE BILLS They Put into LAW
yes please
Pensions for politicians!  Use a 401 (k) like the rest of us!! #governmentwaste
is this for real? Get rid of it all! It's all a waste!!
Meanwhile @ SSA I got publicly mocked @ length for requesting a highlighter. Apparently a mgmt-only supply. USGov, Nightmares-R-Us
please fix this. Take the control away from the bought out republicans. I support a randpaul plan
I voted,  it I'm not connecting this thing to my Facebook
Need 2privatize VA VHA. waste $Bs maintain/managing 1k's of properties & $Bs unneeded construction projects in areas w/declining Vet pop's.
The Dept. of Education
How about all of these get removed from the budget & employees that approved them are fired?
...my vote is Senators then
Who approves this crap! KEEP FIGHTING!!! EXPOSE THEM!!
thank you Sen. Paul. Wish we had someone like you in IL!  Our best politician was Abe Lincoln and he came from Kentucky!! Ugh!
'SOUR 16': National Science Foundation spent $1.1M to determine if cheerleaders are more attractive solo or in a squad

You giving the democrats ammunition out in the public, trashing other republicans. Shut up and work it out.
Don't give up the fight!
Their wasteful!
My vote:  EVERY dollar spent above a balanced budget!

Best compromise: kill no programs, just trim spending 2 a balanced budget!
Send out 4 seperate polls W choises at same time then combine winners into final pole later on today.
It'll be fun. #SourSixteen
Awesome, and Fun.  Never mind the disappointment that follows in realizing these are real.
trumps tp....
is @SpeakerRyan on that list?   #RepealAndReplace or we #RepealAndReplaceYou
The IRS
Providing security for Trump Tower and Mar-a-Lago
happy to provide answers.  Unhappy to be hit with request for personal information at the end.  #info #nosolicitation
end baseline budgeting
nope! We already voted on the worst government.
В отношении россиян, столкнувшихся с президентом, может быть только одно расследование
My vote for the worst of government waste would be the $$ spent on coming up with TRUMPCARE.
Oh man, some of these items are so risible, they're laugh out loud bad!
shut it all down. If the private sector wants to fund this let them
US Senate
I love you but @JeffFlake is where I have to draw a line! #NeverJeffFake #MAGA #ThursdayThoughts
#SourSixteen. #StandWithRand
every government spending that isn't in the constitution is waste.
the AOA holds DOs board certs hostage to membership! Extortion not representation!
it's BS the AMA represents doctors - they have on 17% at best!
payroll, benefits and retirement for Washington!!
$15 billion of  refunds in 2015 from the IRS for fraudulent claims of the Earned Income Tax Credit
Hours wasted repealing Obamacare during the last eight years also comes to mind, clearly was never an alternative plan. #noagetax
Nothing currently tops Trump family security & vacations.  Taxpayers are footing the bill for lifestyles of the rich and famous. 
Can I vote for "trying to repeal Obamacare"?
this here is some stupid shit don't we have a healthcare issue that needs to be addressed.
Thank you sir for fighting for repealing ACA..Obamacare.
My vote for worst government waste: The entire Republican Congress.
big pharma,  big oil, big wall Street.  Corporate welfare.
WATCH out for RYAN.
I'm sorry there is actual money being spent on this?? Alarming.  School meals, road improv etc etc is where this money needs to go
Please don't give up. WE NEED YOUR INTEGRITY.
Sad
@JeffFlake  Voted in this crazy thing but why not just get rid of National Science Foundation...mostly waste.  Get rid of all crap
Senator Paul. Keep up the good fight. An honest man in the den of iniquity.  KEEP FIGHTING MY MAN.....I ADMIRE YOUR TENACITY.
military spending. Let's focus on America and Americans
so much waste in government! It's just terrible.
Welfare for anyone who refuses to find a job if physically capable
Any plans on governing when you're done with this little game?
So True! To much behaind close door Must be a D. Best to you Rand!
the military.  All of your other mentions are meaningless
What if he went to Camp David instead? What difference does it make?
They ALL need defunded! Stop them ASAP!
It is my hope that you can stop talking to the press and start working with everyone concerning the new bill. Debate, revise amend
no, not debate/revise/amend! REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!
Sen. Paul, I hope you will work to block Ocare 2.0 coming out of house. we asked for free market solution not coat of white wash
the Dems that sit in the seats at the White House are a waste of taxpayers  and your time. They care about no one. But themselves.
KY loves Rand!
He got it! Big Give Away to Insurance Billionaires Death Panels for You!
Congressional salaries - Your salaries should be tied to American median income of $55K; if that goes up, your pay goes up.
worst govt waste is Federal employees. We pay 100's of billions of dollars to people who use their position to trample our rights
We paid $500,000,000 in overcharges to Insurers under Bush - ACA under Obama eliminated Medicare Advantage ExcessPayments
Republicans Shove TrumpCare Down America’s Throat By Refusing To Allow States To Opt Out  In this part i do agreed with @RandPaul
On MSNBC's MTP Daily, Chuck Todd asked Republican Sen. Tom Barrasso (R-WY) about whether people would have less money for health
care under the Republican Obamacare replacement and Barrasso's answer highlighted one of the big lies that TrumpCare is built on
FACTS Rep have railed for years against "Obamacare mandates," but today they refused to allow states to opt out of TrumpCare
trumpcare
This stuff is chump change compared to billions in subsidies for Big Oil & Big Ag... Why don't you take on the corporate welfare?
please meet with @AtlasMD & help make affordable direct care available to all Americans. http://medicaleconomics.modernmedicine.com/medical-economics/news/physicians-chart-new-path-direct-primary-care?page=0,0 …
- Great idea and effective way to showcase the lunacy of wasted gov't spending. add names of sponsoring Congressmen. Update freq!!
you should have Watched Hannity last night You Should go n talk to TRUMP you Guys BETTEr Get it RIGHT n Not ACT like The Left
Maintaining the new POTUS & family lifestyle on the tax payers' money. What exemplifies governmental waste more than that?
The worst of #GovernmentWaste has a seat in the oval office.  Are you not the least bit curious to see trump's #TaxReturns
There is a reason tax returns aren't in the Constitution. Can you guess why that is?
You won't see any actual constitutionalists asking for them. BTW your right to abortion is based in this amendment. 
So if you think you have the right to privacy for abortion, but that others need to surrender their tax returns? 
Wow, talk about low hanging fruit. Where to begin...
Mmmm, proposed use of congressional time to investigate "tapp"?
Your salary and benefits?
Who has time for this?
weekly trip to Mar-a-Lago?
what does the CIA have on you? Shouldn't you be outraged about the govt spying on every citizen? #vault7
my vote is Congress #SourSixteen
