Damn straight, @RandPaul! Americans cannot wait to waste $2 trillion on your hatred of the poor! Screw them! /sarc @rickybarnhill33
.@RandPaul @RepKevinBrady 9M US citiz'n need repeal of #FATCA & resident tax'n ASAP.  They need bank accounts!!!
not only bank accts abroad, but some R losing accts in the US as well due to KYC! @NOFATCA_TW
Start by looking at Trump's relationship with Putin and their attempt to destroy our democracy!
Start by looking at Trump's relationship with Putin and their attempt to destroy our democracy!
and what will you replace it with?
Anything the government can't spend people out of poverty. I take that back we can tax you at 80 percent like Sweden.
what are you going to replace it with?  You've had 6 yrs to come up with a plan
Repeal and replace?  Or just repeal?  Leave millions without ANY form of health care?  What will happen if they took away your HC?
I believe the article says repeal and replace.
So where is the "replace"?  All I see is repeal.  Where is the plan?  What's the plan?  They've had six years!
why don't you follow Senator Paul and find out?
You are about to kill most of your poor KY constituents who rely on the ACA for their healthcare. Think on that, blowhard.
#hypocrisy - can't claim high road on fed dedt while increasing debt with ideological ACA repeal.
@@MarkSanford @TomRice @RandPaul Obamacare is a SCOTUS declared tax so why will it be so hard to kill it
maybe the problem is not obamacare but capitalism? Socialism and capitalism kill. We need an entire new model.
the free market  is a human construction that is a failed idea. Ever read Karl Polanyi? The Great Transformation.
yeah just keep repeating that to yourself.
seriously read The Great Transformation. Explains how you are wrong better than I can in 140 characters.
yes, this horrible program that's helped 22 mil. people get health care. So what are you replacing it with? Disease doesn't wait.
22 millions and what about the 300 millions that don't benefit moron?
you're the moron if you can't see the merit in helping so many people just because it doesn't help everybody.
You're not a moron if you see that there were other, more fair & consistent, ways to get coverage.
@alllibertynews @Rare let trump do his thing! He isn't sworn in but working on it !
Sell insurance across state lines? Why do you want to sellout states rights? Will we be using NY state standards?
@@MarkSanford @TomRice @RandPaul lets chip away on Obamacare first pass new laws to open market Obamacare is dying let it do so
Even Trump doesn't think you should repel it he just want to make changes come on Rand you're smarter than this
NOW u know y u r still in the Senate & not #PEOTUS U cant even b trusted on a non-binding res 2 keep ur word @marcorubio @tedcruz
With heavy hearts we will then set up the Kentucky Death Watch web site to record the blood of innocents on your hands.
Besides Sen. Paul I have Crohn's. Who would want to voluntarily pool my expenses? I'm entrepreneur kicking it but can't without HC
Sen. Paul all due respect mostly false on deductibles & low-income folk; #CSR w/ silver plans mitigate their out of pocket 1/
till you have a plan in place you cant eliminate a huge amount of Americans health insurance, common sense to most.
Health savings account assumes people can afford "savings". Tax benefit not meaningful to lower income taxpayers.
@Xplant No! Where in constitution is govts right to force healthcare in ppl? Repeal, but don't replace.
Please, please do not repeal Obama Care!
the news media is reporting that you will not support the repeal of Obamacare. What's the truth
So which is it? Repeal or Repeal and Replace? The former will doom your party now and the latter will doom it later. Choose wisely
so nice that you have healthcare. Let's make a deal. You give up your healthcare when you take it away from others.
why did you vote against repealing it?
How do you sleep at night? Replace with what & WHEN!?
You all have no plan. You will unleash a storm that is going to consume the next four yrs. w/ Confusion & Fear. Waste of Time.
lets see congress vote to repeal,then include themselves,families,& staff,in the replacement,if any.Otherwise it's just rhetoric
With the corporate tax cuts, "incentivize" large and medium size companies to extend insurance to part-time employees and families.
#MakeAmericaSickAgain
. Please don't destroy healthcare for the thousands and thousands of poor and disabled in Ky. Guarantee comparable system!
$350 Billion over the next decade it will cost the US government.Good idea Rand! Do what is good for the people not yourself
Will you feel any remorse about the 27,000 people you will be causing to die each year?  Doesn't this go against Hippocratic oath?
@Skywalkerplc3 @Rare Help uninsured bc of health issues, Ins.won't cover. I thought that was what Medicaid was for! Too much fraud
@Skywalkerplc3 @Rare Don't need a replacement! Govt.not capable of Individual decisions.Can't balance budget or stop spending!
the problem is greedy doctors and insurance companies right?
'Cheap insurance made illegal by ACA' is worthless to consumers, only makes profits for insurers & pocket 'overhead' ~=30%
We spend $ONE TRILLION per year more than peer nation's systems would. WHAT will Repub Congress do to REALLY affect this?
Stop trying to bamboozle Americans. GET IT REPEALED NOW!!! Eliminate the mandate and it kills the whole law.
REPLACEMENT?  GOP could make Universal Coverage it's goal.  Take off the black hat and see how the White Hat fits.
"for mark my words"
@Morning_Joe You kicked us off in KY and now u want all 22mil ppl uninsured? Let go of yours K? Let's C how u feel uninsured u 
FU Ahole u don't know me I pay for insurance He wants to take it away. Get a clue 
the question is, how will you fix the health insurance business that is killing our economy and families future!
Get it done!
seriously? Have you ever been uninsured you privileged ass? Freedom is fighting a class war against the poor I guess? ThNks.
What are you telling your fellow Kentuckians who will lose their health insurance?  You planning on paying their doctor bills?
Replace it with freedom.....freedom to what...die? Are you in a clueless competition with the Herr Gropenfuhrer elect?
If your not appalled by congress and thm gutting a watchdog ethics dpt. then your not in love with this country, u ra guest.
Replace it with NOTHING, let the free market work or abandon the notion that we have capitalism.
󾓦Yes, socialized medicine is unconstitutional. Americans deserve the right to choose. Never forget healthcare is not a right! #NaturalRights
How do you plan to replace it ? Do you have a concrete plan ?
Why are you so eager to leave the American people without healthcare? Where is your leadership?
I like it Senator !! At a boy!
and what will you replace it with Dr? We deserve affordable healthcare like the rest of the world. Why is it so hard 4 us?
what will you do for the millions who will be left without insurance? Is health care only for the rich?
What are you going to replace it with??? You all had years to come up with a replacement.
You must have a fake MD. Did you forget The Hippocratic Oath? Do no harm? I guess you're more worried about the lobbyist
kind of person are you?  Insurance companies were controlling MD treatments & us before ACA & you think that's OK?  NO!!!
side it. Now Rand, you think I should suffer in pain without insurance because I'M COSTING INSURANCE CO. TOO MUCH? What
For insurance I never used because I was healthy. It seems that's all Insurance wants to do is cover healthy ppl who don't
Before ACA I was denied coverage for HEADACHES!! when attempting to buy new insurance. For years I paid thousands of dollars
Mitch needs to honor his root and branch promise and you need to remind him of that everyday.
How bout we replace it with nothing???
Maybe an amendment to say the rights of the people to engage in free commerce shall not be infringed. :-)
and what's the plan for the 20 million who will lose insurance? Don't any of you care about American citizens? #traitor #treason
 can't happen fast enough.
And replace it with... what?
soon enough for whom? for the many who didn't have care before? for my relative whose care was limited bc she was born w cancer?
unethical for anyone calling self "doctor" to vote against health insurance for patients. Still have your license. Turn it in.
what about pre-existing conditions ?
How will u explain to your constituents that losing their healthcare is a good thing. Why dont you detail your replacement plan?
why bc poor people don't deserve healthcare?
totally agree take the good parts and scrap the bad ones.
fact that this is "first order of business" shows how useless y'all are.
Isn't removing HSA limits just creating another tax loophole to be exploited by wealthy Americans?
@JeannaEckert @Rare Who introduced that vote on ethics? We should know that, too.
All of a sudden Congress bends to the will of the people. #DTS #PEOTUS
still no word on the replace part though? Weird....
You're a complete piece of shit. Do you know that? Because you are.
That's a non-argument. Did you know that? Because it is.
Don't repeal it without a replacement that doesn't drop coverage or make it unaffordable for those depending on ACA.
Please, no mandate and don't "replace" it with another government plan! @Rare
http://washingtonmonthly.com/2017/01/03/what-republicans-have-promised-on-health-care-reform/ …
Why do you want me to die?
ObamaCare is nightmare for me. Bad doctors 4 months wait time for appointments & referrals had to pay 2 surgeries out of pocket
I may end up agreeing with you you need to publish a plan to replace it obviously healthcare needs major reform.
What are you replacing it with?!
as one of the millions who has health insurance because of the ACA, please don't.
@PreexistingOrg @Rare @RandPaul masquerades as a "caring physician". He's not. He doesn't give a damn about ppl's well-being. He & his (1)
(2) family have taxpayer-funded insurance that covers them, preexisting conditions or not. @RandPaul
I am may end up agreeing with you if you published a better plan to replace it obviously help here major reform
So my daughter with T1 Diabetes should just hope she gets a job after graduation and before she ages off our plan? Nice.
Make sure you have an alternative to right the health care ship or some will never forgive those who choose to sink it instead.
so much hyperventilating. People don't realize GOP isn't so stupid as to leave people without coverage. They still want votes.
I will believe it as soon as my premiums go back down.
If Congress had healthcare ideas worth considering, why didn't you work with President Obama? The Party of No has failed America.
The Dems were in control. Didn't want any GOP ideas.
Wrong. Clearly documented that Republicans made a pact to obstruct all Obama initiatives.
If that was completely true. Obamacare could never have passed. Not 1 Republican voted for it.
Exactly. You just made my point.
They voted against it because it's a bad concept.It gave the GOP the Congress/Senate and now Prez.My Medins up 8K
what are u replacing it with?
Let's repeal your healthcare see how you like it
Where is this "inexpensive insurance" you speak of?
And more to the point, do you expect insurance to be affordable once you fully repeal Obamacare?  What is your plan?
I just don't think "freedom" is going to be adequate.
because, as we know, it was so much better before. <rolling eyes> Typical, "I got mine." attitude. Typical conservative take away
please, please, please will somebody be specific about replace
what's the plan for the 20 million who got health insurance? Just tough luck?
you are a goddamned moron. what effect will yanking H-C FROM 400,000 Kentuckians get you? fired and hopefully shot. win-win
You got any plans to replace it there, boss? Y'all better come up with something instead of sitting on your hands.
Can y'all do that before tax season plz.
Congratulations Senator - Sworn in for another term- Keep doing the great things that you do for Americans!
replace, aye that's the rub
let's also start to cut gov and limit the power they have! Let's start saving money by cutting gov salaries and pensions!
try freedom... To not be forced to buy any product, "affordable" or not
how proud are u? why would +20M people have health care? that would be such a socialist thing to do. Lets lower tax 4 the rich!!!
Can you make sure your replacement plan is prompt and includes single payer?
when???clock is ticking Congress been in session for 2 days...what is the holdup????
After Trump is inaugurated, or a waste of time.
Replace w/ what? As a Type 1 diabetic of 50+ yrs duration, I can't go even one day w/out affordable coverage.
It cant be repealed without leaving 20,000,000 people without insurance.
long as they keep the parts that work.
Hallelujah
DRAIN THE SWAMP Term limits for all. Outlaw lobbying. Get rid of all incumbents and start over!
Seems like Congress has other ideas! Weaken watchdog ethics process. Same old same old The Foxes guarding the chicken coop.
that's sad! You are just saying screw 14 million low income Americans. Not the right moves republicans if you want presidency
you mean 2nd course of action? 1st was secretly gutting the Ethics committee.... No comment?
with no plans to replace it? No....
Congress needs to undo decades worth of bad healthcare legislation, not just Obamacare. Interstate commerce would be nice.
Other countries have given us a blueprint for better outcomes at lower costs but you want to preserve our lousy system?
Thank you! Obamacare is a major disaster and cannot be repealed fast enough!!!
This will be a death sentence for many. You will have blood on your hands. I can't believe a physician would support this.
Maybe the answer is, "Why would a physician support this?" Maybe he knows something considering it's his trade.
Thank you so much for explaining that.  #mansplaining
No worries at all. Some people need a little help, nothing wrong with you admitting that. It shows your maturity.
. Do not repeal without a replacement in place!
Being a Libertarian does not mean de-regulating aid for the poor while maintaining Govt. aid for the wealthy and Corporations.
Thank the Lord, let's hope Congress votes the right way (for once)
right on, not necessary to wait for trump. Thank you!
Are you also going to re-instate the full tax deduction for healthcare costs to help those who lose their insurance? I doubt it.
if I lose my coverage will you pay the bills.  You and your republicans who willfully take away medical coverage are disgusting
Replace with what? You guys have no plans.
what is the GOP plan for replacing Obamacare and how will that GOP replacement plan be funded?  Don't repeal without a plan.
@mooreliberty83 @Rare ...will the people that had to pay fines for not accepting that garbage get their money back?
Thank you for trying to take the only health care my family can afford! Doesn't matter right? Your family will be okay. Sleep well
we want action,we will hold y'all accountable
#StandWithRand
I have heard this to many times already. I will believe it when I see it, until then all politicians are full of it.
Americans got the memo long ago - what are the details of replacement?
how about we start by taking away Congress' health insurance before you vote to take away millions of Americans' insurance!
Amen Brother Rand!
I don't agree, however, I have no power. Please have a plan in place before you take away coverage from millions of Americans.
How many will die because you take their insurance away and replace it with nothing?
I'm not sure where you get "repeal and replace" to mean "replace with nothing"
Where's the plan? If they are in such a rush to repeal, why do we not understand what will replace it?
Do you not understand that universal health and education are the best possible investments a nation can make? #TRUMP
you are disappointing me and Everyone that believed in you ! 
it should be fixed not repealed. Lead.
Sen. Paul surprised to hear silence from you in regards to the ethical issues or lack of addressing them by Pres-elect hmm?
You and the GOP must really hate America. Doesn't being American mean anything to you? Education and health should be free for all
Why don't you vote to take away the Congressional healthcare plan first?
You know you will do the wrong thing there will be a repeal, there will never be a replacement. ACA sucks, buying privately before was worse
The US is the ONLY industrialised country without universal health. How can you have "life, liberty and pursuit of happiness"?
Have you checked at the state of those countries with Universal Health care? Taxes are mega high
So are wages AND the standard of living - unlike the US. Tax is part of the social contract, pays for defense and more
what would happen to those people who are disabled that need healthcare while it's being repealed?
replace with what?
Where is the plan?
I really hope so, we the hardworking Americans voted for @realDonaldTrump TO erased everything OBAMA has done against America!
cowards. Why dismantle the Ethics Committees. Your partisan, shortsighted revenge plan will leave ppl with no help ERs will drown
Y'all have had 8 years to come up with an alternative and you've got nothing. Nothing at all.
Longer than that...it's pathetic.
Yes, it's imperative poor people suffer even more; cannot be allowed to feel human. WTF u have in mind for replacement? Nothing!
It’s fun making life hard for the working class and poor, isn’t it?
no you are planning to repeal ethics. What are YOU hiding?
Rand is a Senator. He's not in the House. Learn the difference.
made a stmt on what Congress shd do 2 ACA; as Congress tries to gut ethics, mayhap we get RP opinion on that?
Congress didn't try to gut ethics. Learn the difference between the Senate and @HouseGop. Don't be lazy.
And the replacement????
@HouseGOP has other plans apparently re: ethics bill looks like you are not on the same page as them
How about you crack down on the price gouging, monopolizing, collusion, over-prescribing, and other not-free-market stuff first?
Yeah, it would be the LIbertarian thing to do: let's see an end to the Big Pharma Cartels and the Price Gouging.
No. the first course of action is burying the ethics committee. Then striping people of Heath insurance.
Except you don't have a replacement so those who need healthcare will suffer.
and kill several people in your state by leaving theme without care?  Evil man.
and exactly WTF are all of us 20mil using ACA for healthcare supposed to do?
My young neighbor had to switch to part time for her special needs baby & relies on ACA  coverage. So now what? How do you sleep?
he doesn't care. He has health insurance
...total respect for Rand Paul...let the repeal and replace process begin...
& millions without health care is something that u can't wait for No ACA is very sick people without health insurance So SAD!
Good..it was a noble try..but the next Dem congress and senate need to think bigger..Universal healthcare!
Maybe your first act should be restoring the ethics oversight.
@BrandiNixon13 @Rare Couldn't agree more. Maybe we can make the Dems vote before they read it.
because as we all know, it was so much BETTER before the ACA (snark off)
Except the vote to gut ethics oversight, eh?
The ACA was a success in Ky. You are turning your back on your home state. Not your problem, i know. U are not true Kentuckian.
No senator. 1st course of action was to gut the Ethics office. Behind doors, without public notification. Ring in the corruption
hope you have a plan to replace. Talk is cheap!!
Libs looking for GOP to fix their mess.
you have a plan that is ready to replace it that is able to hit the Floor for debate ?
They dont debate anymore. All is done in quiet rooms. We dont til we are already fucked
But 'Congress' has not come up with something to replace it with: better or worse! So, Senator, what in your infinite wisdom /1
is 'Congress' going to do with 20M Americans' medical coverage? Will you advocate dropping preexisting conditions like before?
The citizens of Kentucky truly deserve you.
let's discuss the GOP decision to gut ethics rules
replace it with what? Gonna pull something outa your ass at the last minute
even if you can get rid of the IRS fine that will be a big help!
great
seriously who can afford to pay the insurance AND the deductible except the wealthy and members of Congress?
i have had zero problems with mine and I am poverty level.
.@RandPaul Congress SHOULD, as its first course of action, ensure that there is an INDEPENDENT ethics body to keep members accountable.
.@RandPaul Congress SHOULD--ALWAYS--regardless of party, uphold the Constitution & its principles. Without that, it's just a piece of paper.
