Healthcare has never been a US public service, not even under Obamacare, which is just a mandatory insurance cartel.
'Public' in the sense of govmt-run, should not be conflated w/'Public' in the sense of being of use to the public.
There's no reason to shift industries, including healthcare, to gov control, and innumerable reasons to avoid such.
stop trying to make money off average people Rand Paul it's not happening
what are you talking about you progressive trumpling
Rand loved rubbing Trump's balls. Wanted to grab Fake45's putter too! @GOP losers
You KNOW it, Dave! It's all so obvious
Ryan wants Trump to fail.
@TopherSpiro @KilloughCNN Let's not repeal, millions of lives depend on the ACA. And you don't have a viable replacement.
I will apply, for the benefit of the sick, all measures [that] are required. #oaths #yourlastterm
Godspeed, good fellow!
That's great. Keep giving the clueless left reasons to criticize our President.
clearly the new bill was again written by the insurance companies. Have Congress write a bill they have to use too!
we gotta get a guy like Rand Paul in the Oval Office!
@KatyinIndy @KilloughCNN get together in Trump Tower bring Hannity and his co-op for the good of America
pass free market replacement first! then #FullRepeal! #ReplaceThenRepeal
Stay away from propaganda #CNN
RP wants to deny medical care to millions, he must have taken a hypocritical oath instead of the Hippocratic oath.
a man with your intelligence would look for ways to improve ACA. Don't you believe it serves the public?
When the poor with their pitch forks come, they will be coming for you!
Fu*k You Rand Paul! You're an elitist POS. Take from poor give to rich, let them die on the street kind of guy.
How does repeal help anyone who needs health insurance?  Trusting the market is not leadership. You can do better than that.
Agree-the outcomes from full repeal vs Trumpcare appear to be the same so why not vote on clean repeal now?
Just quit talking to #veryfakenewsCNN. You aren't doing yourself, your party, or the American people any good. #gettowork
keep it up Rand you are one of the few principled politicians
Any opposition we can get @RandPaul. Even opposition as stupid and heartless as yours.
let's s vote that all elected officials get the same insurance as the poorest can afford
.@RandPaul .@KilloughCNN Let's vote for universal single payer health care now, not repeal.
where's your plan. What can u offer. How much will we pay on urs. Show it

Tax payers pay for federal employees healh premiums Their premiums are the same sick or healthy.Individuals have the same right
#StandWithRand
I hear now the AHCA would give tax credits to illegal aliens? is that true?
I'm an atheist, but I live a Christian life.  Do you?
Y'all need to learn from the Dems and stop bashing each other over disagreements.
@NetworksManager @KilloughCNN - You guys get your act together, DON'T FIGHT, fillabuster on health care untill you get it right
as a dr, why wouldn't you want ppl to have health insurance?  Did you take the hypocrite oath when u got MD license?
I agree. This is a common sense solution.
Repeal without replacement? You're actually worse than Ryan. Why do you hate America and her people so much?
I'm with you, rand.
kill it Rand!
Reject Obamacare Lite
no amendment no questions just ur way like opposition press ur way only way? Did not know u speak for all america
Yes! 100% repeal of Obamacare and then Privatize it!
Thankfully someone who has the right idea!!
We want the GOVERNMENT out of our healthcare! Focus on insurance reform! Force them to get competitive to bring costs down!! Full repeal!!
easy for you to say with your fat cat Cadillac plan and never paying for a meal or drink sine you have been in DC!
Trump promised he'd repeal.  And, he said he wanted free market solutions.  It was in his platform.
Clean repeal, Rand please keep saboteur Ryans , Pelosi style of shoving another disaster down our throat, he is ntbt!
Thats all well and good, but I wouldn't trust CNN to get ABC accurately in their pseudo reporting.
I'm sure it won't be any better as long as the Republicans are involved!! #impeach
But weren't u outspoken against repeal be4 replace not long ago&Doesn't ur bill keep ACA credits& Medicaid expansion?
.@RandPaul @KilloughCNN Nice place to be meeting, is she deep throat of just deep throats?
.@RandPaul @KilloughCNN  Oops!  OR just deep throats!!!
Rand, thank you for all you do! You're an inspiration to me.
.@RandPaul @KilloughCNN we are behind you. A clean repeal is what is needed to solve the insurance crisis.
I wrote a plan that will insure all Americans without worrying about premiums, copay, or deductibles! #SinglePayer
media thinks they have edge on potus ocare implodes by design GOP walking away OK well we tried

Lie, lie, lie: Ryan and Co. caught in twisted pretzel of lies to preserve Obamacare https://www.conservativereview.com/commentary/2017/03/lie-lie-lie-ryan-and-co-caught-in-twisted-pretzel-of-lies-to-preserve-obamacare …
Can you debate with paul ryan at the heritage foundation?
The Senate's antiquated rules (esp. XXII) are the sole barrier to reform--the kind Americans voted for. Not ACHA.
NOT PASS!
Don't bother with a repeal unless you're replacing it with #medicareforall

There's no health care for animals without owners because animals do not have money and do not understand the concept
Yet animals are not communist. They don't share food.
Everytime you go on CNN you lose votes. Forgotten they colluded with @HillaryClinton hill?????? Shameful Rand..
Thank you!
Remember it's only fake news when it doesn't fit your narrative
