Please do your job and negotiate in good faith to fix healthcare. No more grandstanding.
Taking a stand in favor of a full repeal is not grandstanding.As a health care professional, Dr. Paul understands that all too well.
It is also an unrealistic non starter position that is just grandstanding on Paul's part. He knows better.
We also need a full repeal and not a replacement that resembles ACA in any way or form!
Pragmatism and not doctrinaire line in stand tactics that lead nowhere is required.
When a campaign promise is to repeal ACA then it needs to be fully repealed. If it's replaced by something that doesn't repeal completely...
Then it doesn't happen until a full repeal is in place! Anything less is still the ACA  and could lead to the end of the Republican Party!
That's classy of you, specially after he called you a Russian agent over that Montenegro vote.
Do you pray for us? We don't have your health care. We have garbage. What about my family health crisis?
He served in the military in Vietnam, he's entitled to it. Poor people aren't entitled to other people's money, but veterans are
Full recovery and immediate retirement.
Classy.  opposed politically but find common ground as human beings.  I want him out of office, but thru defeat at polls, not this.
Not simply "politics," Classy Fruitcake. McCain works for the oligarchs. May he die slow, agonizingly.
Praying.. about as helpful as this tweet.
Full recovery OUTSIDE of congress! Really, get well soon, retire though please! Think of your health McCain! We will take care of you.
When he wakes up. I want to go to his tweet & tell him l didn't fail him. I want to tell him you too played a role in Qatar peace. Pls call.
What would be your answer? What are we going to show our American hero. Who is always fighting for America and the world.
I DARE you to visit JOHN McCAIN personally in the hospital and TELL HIM TO HIS FACE that you want TO TAKE AWAY Arizonans' health insurance.
We do pray for recovery but he needs to retire now .
#TrumpBase definitely agrees! McCain don't die on us bro, but please retire for your health! Spend time with your family before its too late
That is kind;now vote no on repeal only!Let Americans still have medical ins through ACA like McCain has so they can get needed treatment
The aca is hurt people it time for the democrat to do the right thing and vote to repeal it!!!
WRONG!
I do not he is bought and paid for traitor
Then keep your opinions to yourself big mouth
Its nice to say that even though he accused you of working for Putin.
It's impossible for so many ppl to sympathize with McCain when he has worked so hard to deny them healthcare. His family maybe, but not him.
Maybe congress should do something about this "breaking news" video on Hannity with John ?? @seanhannity @RandPaul
Not classy to wish your enemy well. McCain intentionally worked to destroy America on behalf of the oligarchs. Slow, painful death, please.
Hypocrite!!!
You're calling this man at hypocrite when he had the balls to get up and not be bothered with Donald Trump yesterday? Get a life
You were right about his brain cancer though.
Incredibly early diagnosis
McCain/Lindsey Hiding out from Breaking Bulgarian Chemical Weapons Factories Story? What will Lindsey get?
I pray that he gets to know Jesus before he dies. Other than that I have nothing good to say about the man.
That would be the first question he would ask when he wakes up & the last question he takes to bed.What are qe doing to bring peace in Qatar
Senator John would want us to keep up with the fight in his name to make the world a better place.
He needs to retire, Rand.
I'd rather have a stupid libtard in your seat than a stubborn conservative #goodbyeRand
Let's see Sen Graham how he will show his ability to support killings all over the world , after this psycho is dismantled!
My fondest memories of McCain was the great job he did against Obama during the Warren interview. Impressive.
Respect, after he called you a wacko bird.  Rip soon enough @SenJohnMcCain , retire beforehand. God speed to you and your family
He should definitely retire.
Thank you Senator Paul.
Sir, that is same kind of cancerTed Kennedy had, there is a connection to using cell phone too much and directly on ear instead of speaker
I cannot STAND @SenJohnMcCain but I pray for his health & well being!
No, I will pray for the people who died from his hand, words and votes.
Even though I don't like his policies, I sure don't wish any harm on him, best wishes!
Retire spend time w family
McCain is the biggest war and Isis supporter ever!! Deep state owns him!! Brezenski, Rockefeller, now McCain! Globalist s
I pray god for him to die
You and your family are in my prayers @SenJohnMcCain
the man has proposed sanctions on Russia, and encouraged revolution in Syria, a nation whose regime tolerates multi religion and culture.
My hope and prayer was that he would never be reelected.  Warmongers must go.
So many good folks are praying for John McCain. Maybe I can just pray for his family instead.
Do your friends and family know you're a terrible human being?  Or is that just something you reserve for Twitter?
We do ALL pray for him. Some of us just pray while realizing how important health insurance is - Others pray as work to strip it away.
Prayers for Senator McCain.
Oh I'm praying...but not quite for the same thing
Healthcare vote karma
#StandWithRand
Why? Does prayer annoy him?
Have the balls to call out Trump.  That POS said he wasnt a hero.  IMPEACH that POS.  NOW
Wow to read the trash on here from the lowest level of scum, really sick people!  Thank you Sen Paul & prayers to the McCain family.
PRAYERS 4 U ALL. CHECK INTO ALL POSSABLE TREATMENTS, NOT JUST KEMO. OTHER WAYS 2 FIGHT 2.
Where else can us democrats get our laughs.
Your garbage presidential candidate?
Hopefully he has good insurance....
Pray expectantly....
Crazy bastard is as big a threat to our country as the crazies on the left.
And I hope you stay alive to convict you of treason.
Let's be honest: America hopes he enjoys a speedy retirement.
Best news for world peace this year

Praying for him.
Isn't it nice that he has govt funded healthcare?
This is why Healthcare is important for every American! Sen. McCain fought for us in Vietnam; no doubt he would fight to protect our care!
Will also pray he retires!!
Of course you'll happily rip healthcare away from people just like him to give tax cuts to billionaires... hypocrite.
Why have health insurance and doctors...just pray, it's free.
I pray that he retires and spends his 1-1.5 years left asking for forgiveness for all the Syrians he helped kill.
Sending prayers!!
While that's being done, get him out of the Senate ASAP. Been evil all hislife,betrayed USpilots in NV,killed sailors on Forrestal,$for Isis
Is he gonna use ObamaCare
I will be praying for him and his fam.  And no matter anyones politics ugly comments during this kind of suffering is shameful. #compassion
What about the suffering of 100's of thousands of Christian Syrians under McCain/Obama's proxy armies?
The new standard is he's over 50 so there is no reason to do anything except give him some meds that are non opiod, go home &kack off !
When you make a deal with the devil and he comes to collect
#termlimits
McCain is a traitor!!!!! Need's to be replaced with a MAGA Senator.
America is better without negativity.
America is better without a globalist puppet as senator

Hospice will give him Life ending drugs and peacefully pass away No harm No Foul
We won't have any healthcare soon given to us by the Democrats. Their plan: Artificially provide. Clinton in. Single payer! Quite the scam!
I am happy with Mine, very happy why you want to screw it up
Good luck to you. Maybe you should consider the vast majority of the country who's lives have turned upside down.
Nope don't care

