Sorry Senator but this is against the will of the people.  We want more criminals behind bars not less.
We already have more behind bars than anyone else, mainly for non-violent offenses that hurt no one. That's not freedom, it's oppression.
When some kid ODs on drugs sold on streets that is violent. Who cares about "everyone else" - people who break our LAWS should be in jail
And even if "saftey over freedom" was the American motto, lock up DEALERS not users. If you hurt no one but yourself you need help not jail.
Right, because a drug addict never hurt anyone burglarizing their home, committing armed robbery, etc...
This is a foolish statement. As long as marijuana is illegal, only TRUE criminals benefit, you know, Cartels and terrorists.
Go away & then simply search "homeless tokers" for what's happened in Colorado.  Don't return
You realize if legal nationwide these homeless tokers wouldn't all crowd into this town, right? Also, more $$ for addicts, education,...
Until.someone you love dies from a drug overdose like 3 kids my daughter new...get real
Being tough on drug users won't make their lives better (obviously), addiction should be a disease now a crime if we want to help our kids
Agreed, but remove the cause as well
We just lost 3 young adults with great support ...
Bipartisanship generally scares the hell out of me, but good job on this one, Dr. Paul.
Typical. Enforcing law is a problem, unless someone assaults you kids then you care. Another supporter of Marxist Party USA
Rand u r living in dream world there is no negotiating with democrats ..push agenda without them..see Ronald Reagan
Reminder:
Another Rand Paul, Mitch McConnell, and Paul Ryan supporter.
I don't know how you support the RINOs. They're worse than the obstructionist DEMs.
JP.  Was talking about the MS-13 gang member, not you. Paul is a member of the Marxist Party of America with an (R) after his name.
Rand rushed to work w/DEMs to weaken crime punishment;no concern abt drug & gang violence. Article I posted: MS13 released/NY sanctuary city
Agree. I don't want small time Marijuana users behind bars If that is their only "crime" . Waste of resources on every level.
#StandWithRand
That's not even close to being the necessary step. Just get marijuana off the contraband list. Make it legal on a federal level.
Thank you for supporting progressive policies that actually work.
It is time for bipartisanship. All that was needed was a common enemy.
The swamp is deep and the GOP is doing squat to protect the @POTUS from questionable attacks from the Obama alligators including McCain
The swamp just got bigger in the Trump administration. What attacls have been made by Obama? Facts please.
All of these deep state operatives are Obama people. Hired by Obama and loyal to him.  Including Comey etc
You just keep saying the same with no facts or you use alternative facts.
What about all those Russian "facts"? Are those real or alternative?  Wait, what are they again?
As long as marijuana is illegal, only true criminals benefit, drug cartels and terrorists. Legalize marijuana now and keep the money here
Impeach! Jump off the Trump Train! It's going off the tracks over a cliff!! JUMP!!
You mean you can kiss their butts. typical lame pathetic RINO leadership.
Now, if only we could get CONgress to come together & END the MANDATE for me to buy something I don't want to.  Oh well, I can still dream.
Sorry, Sen. Paul, but the (D) are obstructionists. You're a great guy, but you're dreaming. Find out who unmasked Americans.
Since you are the one we have seen on TV the most next to McCain, why can't you seem to get the Republicans on board with Trumos agenda?
So true dems need to grow up
Stock market Drops. Fears what Trump might do next.
Then come together and appoint an Independent Counsel on Trump/Russian. It is TREASON and CORRUPTION IF YOU DO NOT DO THIS!
Can you respond to your cohort @justinamash in @freedomcaucus calling for the impeachment of Trump? Says he trusts Comey over Trump. Thanks
thank you
Change drug laws and legalize. Changing drug sentencing is dumb. Drug Dealing is not a health issue!!
Wouldn't have to be doing this if you would have put Country over party and not voted for an AG you knew would do these kind of things.
Side with Democrats to let criminals off easy
Build More Jails!!!!! Law breakers need punished!!! Period
It's time to cut off benefits  of those who gave been here a year. And all illegals  ban madrassas that preach hate .
And Burkas, Sharia law, honor killings, bigamy, child marriage also need banned nationwide.
What happened to the bill making Muslim Brotherhood and Cair terrorist organizations? It needs to be done
@POTUS  Continue to fight against political, judicial, Media & Establishment corruption...
I dont see congress come together, I see Paul Ryan plaing been the bitch o Trump.
Do YOUR JOB
Stay out of his way. Let the criminals rot in jail.
@CNN  former FBI director Comey  when testifying before Congress  asked whether there was any interference from president answer no perjury?
Not going to happen till we clean up congress and eliminate the establishment
The American people are demanding enforcement of laws, so drug dealer sympathizers rush to change the laws.
what a joke. There is no such thing as bipartisan in Washington.  Not today. Democrats are evil.
You and others have been there for how long and still worse results to date with everything time for term limits step up with that
Nice job Senator.  Glad to see you standing up to Sessions on this one.
.@RepAlGreen is calling for the impeachment of @potus this morning.
Please do more of this not-crazy stuff. Kthxby
BALANCE THE BUDGET
Eliminate government WASTE

Good, now come together and investigate the President's obstruction of justice.
Right after the investigation of Obstruction of Justice under Obama, Comey, Holder, and Lynch. Oh let's through in the criminal Clinton too.
Thank you sir
Hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha
Subpoena THESE: We demand these notes #ComeyMemo reg Benghazi, Lynch/Clinton tarmac meeting, Rice unmasking, Obama ransom.
Thank you for this. It's only bipartisan if these changes are actually passed.  Otherwise, it's just common agreement between a few people.
You and 2 liberals do NOT constitute a "bi-partisan fashion".
the reasoning is wrong....this is to protect Illegals from Deportation Senator...I'll use MASKED as term of week
Sen. Paul will work with the Marxist Party of America to support criminals but does nothing to support the President or Conservatives.
no quote the contrary you and your colleagues have shown how pathetic Washington DC has become!! I am lifetime register Rep & embarrassed!
Ooh, will Trump get to use the VETO stamp.  He'll be such a happy boy.
Until the GOP shows some backbone in supporting the @POTUS everything else the GOP does is garbage.
What does that have to do with anything? Lol
Decriminalize marijuana at the federal level and overhaul the war on drugs. Waste of taxpayer money.
Bipartisan appears to be out the door  with @chuckschumer
impeaching a president for tweeting... now that's a new one.
Nixon was impeached for targeting and spying political opponents, something Obama is very fond of...
Sure... Things just happen to land on NYTimes.
The Washington Post is trying to destroy President Trump at all costs. We need to stand with our President. #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
Your president behaves like a five yr old ,can't read , can't stop playing with toys and is pathological liar.
We must remember the fact that CNN is not fake news. CNN is VERY FAKE news!
