I like you Massie, you're a good guy, I know this because we've met. But every American should have healthcare. Period. End of story.
Extreme libertarianism is as bad as extreme socialism. Might as well cut public schools, force parents to pay for education or homeschool.
Is every able adult entitled to food, housing, & healthcare if they decide to sit at home and do nothing? That's the prob with socialism.
You'd punish every child of an incompetent parent for just being born rather than make sure they grow healthy to maybe succeed?
And I never said let's adopt socialism, but even when you work hard, pay your bills, one health complication shouldn't bankrupt you.
Do you know what an just an ambulance fare costs a tax payer? Easily $800 dollars, that's more than some people make in week.
I've never seen an ambulance show up as quickly as an Uber.  There has to be a better way to price/provide ambulance service.
So instead of finding fault. Why don’t you do your job and fix the bill? Make amendments and get it passed by Sept 30th. Don’t fail us again
(1) sept 30 is a fake deadline (2) leadership in the house won't allow amendments
Oh really sept 30’is suppose to be the last day reconciliations can be used. Unless everyone in DC is lying or your wrong which is it?
Most in The swamp are misleading the public.  On sept 30, we can pass another budget vehicle and they can do reconciliation with that bill.
Better question- who is writing these dreadful bills?
Each senator has roughly one staffer dedicated to advising them on healthcare legislation.  Hard for me to believe that person wrote it!
Maybe I am incredibly cynical, but I feel like these laws are being written by the insurance industry.
So, how do we knock the ins system out of the way?  I’m all for it.  but how?  And, i personally _do_ want affordable healthcare.
We need a political party to gain power which isn't beholden to either big government or K Street. Basically, we are screwed.
I feel like if we could have campaign finance reform, then our reps wouldn’t be fundraising constantly and wouldn’t need the big industries
Convention of the States is the only way for us to get real change. Aside from that, both sides will enrich themselves and we will suffer. 2
I don’t think Washington is truly the problem.  I think the problem is that Washington reflects its electorate.
Why is our elected officials can't work with each other to take care of the peoples business
Expecting cooperation between parties in DC while clamoring for members of other party to be impeached or jailed. How does that work?
Yes...how about lock her up...
Give the facts. You  are lying
https://www.texaspolicy.com/library/doclib/Summary-of-Graham-Cassidy.pdf …
We're negotiating with the fool Rand Paul who refuses to be reasonable and take a FIRST STEP in getting rid of the monstrosity.
Here's a summary of the bill you've heard about on TV: https://www.texaspolicy.com/library/doclib/Summary-of-Graham-Cassidy.pdf …
id love to see paul stick it to mccain
Get the insurance lobbyists out
Get the Dr & Nurses Unions out

Fund medical schools directly 
Increase supply of doctors will decrease cost
Apparently no one is negotiating.  Congress is still a waste of $ although we have the best congress money can buy. Do something positive.
Single payer would take many more trillions
You are negotiating with private insurance that got huge kickback from Obamacare and the economic nationalism of @realDonaldTrump
Obamacare robs middle class & retired savers who have just a little. Obamacare robbed from Medicare & expanded medicaid a freebie t buy vote
The Democrats are not going to vote for a GOP bill that leaves Americans uninsured and who is going to cross State lines ??
It's all about leave no billionaire behind on Trumps plan it's all about how millions of Americans will be uninsured on his plan
its FAR from perfect but its a start at least. ..the longer u wait, the more people will die from rationing
Thank you Rep. Massie for supporting us Patriots .
Republicans don't really believe in markets.  They prefer their own power and control.
a profound and alarming question
The Dems put those kinds of dollars into swelling welfare roles and entitlements.
You can talk the sh*t to death but how is that helping me? Over $700 a mo. to cover myself-no health problems. Explain!!
That was my beach house or retirement.. it belongs to Blue Cross now. You sorry politicians better get it together. asap
The American people who need quality, affordable healthcare, not the survival-of-the-fittest crapshoot that "free-market" insurance creates.
We haven't had free-market in years, thx to gov't over regulation, lobbyists, politicians lining their pockets and lawyers.
Prefer no regs? This is what happens when insurers not regulated:
I said, "OVER Regulation."
Holy Frijoles !
Please vote to keep Medicaid and women's health. KY needs these!
Don't negotiate with Democrats; did they negotiate with Republicans during obamacare???? I think not.
RINOs
The Dems pushed ACA on the people. And it's sinking like the Titanic. So what's your solution?
Healthcare the least concern in bill-Makes Obamacare worse-$$Grants will become political slush fund for majority party-Dump CORRUPT @GOP
$$ states will be determined by politics-force legislators to comply w/vile Ryan/McConnell-or that state gets less $$-Political slush fund

Really are the 10 trillion Obama gave us ? Do you have clue at all ?
You are right Senator Paul. Continue to fight for us.
Exactly! WHO!?!?
Congrats on writing a great house tweet! http://greathousetweets.measuredvoice.com/RepThomasMassie/status/911587322902335488 … (Ranked 7th for Sep 23.)
Total Repeal!!!! NO replacement get govt out of HC altogether! Unleash economy now with corp and small business tax cut of 15%!
Jobs = HC
you all promised to repeal 1st time ever in us history federal mandate. if you dont lift that yoke youll own that
With other memebers of GOP caucus who do t want to cut spending, those memebers have support and exist.  Can't act like they don't
Why would you pass a bill that would kill millions, just to claim you had a win
Bigger question...  Why are they even trying to do anything Healthcare related?  I don't recall the Constitution stating anything about it.
Where have you been, the Republicans only negotiate with Republicans. God forbid they talk to Democrats, they would be doing their jobs
Actually they would vote for it if created a $2-3 trillion system.  For Dems it isn't enough.
the DEMOCRATS jammed this ACA down our throats w/ no GOP votes..who are we kidding? remember we can keep our doctor and plan and save $2500
It doesn't matter! If you vote against this bill you are helping the democrats! Pass this bill, then, fix it. Pass the bill!
Oh like Obamacare which cost 10's of trillions?  I see
VOTE OUT all GOP Dem Reps sabotaging and voting for ACA Repeal

Remove Ryan McConnell now!

IMPEACH Trump Pence
I like you, Rand, but you have to REPEAL and THEN push your agenda.
It'swhy ur elections haven't gone so well since Obama got into office.Cause talks destroying of.Anericans gettin tired of you's destroying
CauseLiberals r the party of savings?huh!Obamacare is only still around cause Federal Govt is Paying what insurance companies r still in it
You know the answer: Lobbies, Special Interests, Big Pharma, etc
Interesting how/why DEMs ALWAYS vote MORE Taxes, but SPEND LESS on public good. WHERE are $$ going? There's plenty of very RICH DEMs. Hmm...
A: "K" St.
Tax and Spend.  Vote them ALL out.
If you want to keep covering preexisting conditions, it's gonna be an expensive bill...
To eliminate a $50 trillion system!?
you need to stand up and vote for us !! fix the FDA-YOU FIX THE HEALTH OF THE NATION ! *** 2 MANY BAD DRUGS ON MARKET-I KNOW 1ST HAND !
If they want to keep their majority next year, they better hurry up and get moving on repealing ACA & cutting all unnecessary spending.
Because they are trying to write it to bennifit budgets and companies, not the health workers or patients.
Why has the average life expectancy in the USA plummeted since 2008 when B. O. took office?  (OBcare) & is expected to be = with Mexico soon
The negotiation is the amount of the kickback to swamp members.

I'm glad you aren't one of them.
All the healthcare industry lobbyists kick backing McConnell and others like Ryan
They won't vote for it because it doesn't cost more.
I appreciate what you do for our country, sir. But I do believe this bill is a much better alternative to ACA.
same thing Democrats did with obamacare
There's no other way ... at THIS time. We need relief NOW. Please don't fail us.
Just like ACA.  Except Obama lied about cost. He said it was going to cost 900 billion. Way more than that.
Repeal. Forget replace.
Because GOPers, like proglodytes, have learned that unlimited Federal spending is the key to keeping themselves living in the swamp.
Very valid point...
@david_zupan ?
Thoughts? @adam_brandon thoughts?
Umm ... no one?
RINO = Democrat
Maybe tptb LIKE the system.in place, but cant afford to drop the biparty act. So offer nonstarters. Idk
Why can't @GOP ever create a single-issue piece of legislation-just as bad as @TheDemocrats 4 piling on the #pork 
#FullRepeal NO #Replace
Because the leadership is nothing but progressives
Thank you for holding the line! Proud you represent me. Bet it feels like your taking CRAZY pills!
What are you talkin about? House Nancy Pelosi ACA in 2010: "We have to pass the bill so that you can find out what is in it."
If $2 trillions is too much then why are the Dems complaining?

Because they are all really Democrats, i.e. Commie pinko zip heads whom are out to kill America, daaaa
Thought republicans were suppose to repeal? Can't even do their jobs. I hope Trump drains the swamp right under their noses while they watch
If it comes to the House what changes would you like to see?
John McCain?
Ironic, their President piled up 10 trillion in debt over 8 years but we  can't add 1 more to make his failed system better
Every? Really?  ...
They're not negotiating.  They're drawing the crap up in back rooms and getting all pissy when folks won't go along with it. #disgusting
What is your stance on the Senate suspending rules  to allow simple majority?
That's only because, they believe it should have been 2 trillion. They give away money like it's free.
Why don't you idiots just repeal and go back to free market? it's obvious politicians can't run a monkey shit fight in a zoo.
What happened to 7yrs of campaigning for straight repeal!!?!!
#StandWithRand
PLEASE don't let Trump persuade you to choose party over people. We need YOU 2 stand firm and vote NO on the Graham-Cassidy Healthcare bill.
Please repeal Obamacare. America cannot afford it
insurance monopoly
Because John Roberts of the SC ruled the Congress can force the American public to buy products if they call it a tax!
Why not pass this and tear down the Obamacare framework, and then over the next few years work on making the new framework better?
How much did OC cost again?
Because they are nuts. So out of touch with reality. Mostly us have to live within our budget. Federal Government is a loose cannon on deck.
Full repeal and no replacement. Keep the government out of healthcare.
I hope you or someone in the mold of you and Rand Paul primary and unseat McConnell.
When I saw LindseyGraham had a hand in it, I knew it wasn't going to be good enough to pass.  He definately doesn't want to #MAGA.
Republicans should have passed Obamacare repeal.  Americans are are paying attention and will be voting soon.  We love president Trump
The Dems are worried about federal debt??!!  Since when?
Rather disquieting to see a Member of Congress tweeting something like this.
Agree.  Repeal and open the free market. Look at Medi Share  it can work. Stop giving away and wasting American money
Idiots

susan collins/murkowski/ and that traitor mccain
Now that is an inconvenient question !!
No democrats are going to vote for anything that benefits country. Only themselves
If president Trump would have been the one to introduce the Obama care with a different name, democrats still wouldn't vote for it.
Americans elected President Trump because we wanted Obamacare repealed. We are paying attention and we will be voting soon
Fighting that familiar looking parakeet in the mirror.
So how much has McCain care cost?
These idiots had 7 years to come up with a better health care proposal and they have shown themselves to be completely incompetent.
Americans want Obamacare repealed
Exactly because most so called republicans are actually liberals they just blab republican talking points to get elected i.e. John McCain
And now the last one - this is why CONGRESS REfUSES TO DO A FULL REPEAL - It must be completely repealed
If the government provides your healthcare they can do as they damn well please the same if they FEED you... think about that!  #REPEAL
Obamacare needs a complete and full REPEAL - then return to FREE MARKET across state lines with NO GOVERNMENT involvement
Vote for Cassidy bill it's a start and Rand voted for previous bill that was worse!@GovMattBevin likes it.give pwr to states & out of Feds
That is why it was placed under IRS to collect & FINE those that don't pay the increased PREMIUM TAX they get fined either way no coverage
So true!
Supreme Court Roberts declared it 2 b a TAX when it was approved - Not healthcare other than to provide Vacs, drugs, & death panels -2000pg
Hey Rand, the President says he knows you and you’ll betray your conservative values to take one for the team. What you say?
Ocare is the TAX (Supreme Ct)of ALL TAXES perpetual w/ auto increases it was never intended to provide healthcare but the illusion of it -
Tell me please how govt came to control healthcare in the first place?  Rebuplicans? Democrats? Where was the outrage 7 years ago?
Americans were lied to. Remember you can keep your doctor. Premiums will go down. Etc. All lies
Did the Democrats negotiate with the Republicans when they passed the Scam of Obamacare?NO. Republicans sit there and allowed them to do it!
You guys are effectively kill medicine's quality in America. Patients will be lining up for crappy healthcare!
Tell me again what was the cost to this country of ObamaCare that the Dems did pass? $1T sounds like a low-ball #.
Because a lot of your colleagues are actually democrats pretending to be republicans.
Raise your hand if you think @RepThomasMassie speaks pure logic.

#FullRepeal #GrahamCassidy #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp #AP4Senate
Elevate content from 8th grade civics class level, please? Congress negotiates w/special interests vs attending to free market operations.
Big donors and/ or big government both have no interest in free market solution.
How much is the a c a and the Medicaid expansion costing
Please let healthcare go back to the free marketplace. Govt has no business being involved
It's amazing that the Dems ran up $10T in debt in 8yrs, and they wonder who their negotiating with!!! YGTBFK, get rid of Obamacare!!!!!
So what did Obamacare create
taxes, lots more taxes
Remember that "replacing" it with the free market would create no new gov dep, system, or employees. #FullRepeal is the only way to freedom.
Hopefully Obamacare will implode. Our Congress cannot get the job done
Why do the demOrats. do the same thing
Ummm, the devil's advocate?
career politicians @RandPaul don't care, we need term limits.  also, why don't we just put everyone on the congressional medical plan
Government = Print up another Trillion 
Not create so much as perpetuate.  Compassion and fiscal responsibility call for the euthanising of ACA, not giving it a makeover.
Think you are confused. Obamacare is costing us 1 trillion.  GOP is just changing the color of this turd Obama gave us.
Who cares how much it costs? We print our own money anyway. Add another few trillion to go towards education and the poor.
You don't really believe that, do you? Don't know if you're just being a smart assor you don't know what happens to economy, if you do that
@RandPaul REMEMBER THE AMERICAN MOTHERS AT THE KITCHEN TABLE TRYING 2 HEALTHCARE BUDGET 4 THE AMERICAN CHILDREN. THANK U!
Because the republicans have no ideas even though they ran for repeal they have really failed their constituents. Replace all incumbents.
Mmmm maybe Bc they get paid by corporations to keep the #gridlock 
3/4 of the Repubs are really Dems.  They won't vote a conservative plan, but want to pretend and fool voters.
There should be no federal health care system - leave it to the many states - too much money goes to the black hole in DC
SERVED UNDER BOTH VOTED ON BOTH SIDES FOR BEST DURING THAT ELECTION? PARTY DOESN'T MATTER? WHEN I LOST I STILL STOOD BEHIND "ALL" PRESIDENTS
?.  How much is the so called "affordable" health care bill up to now?
States are gerrymandered like your Congressional district. Wider group of interests.  Why nothing gets done.
LETS BE HONEST DEMS & REP.S  REFUSE TO WORK WITH" A "PRESIDENT & AMERICANS ARE EMBARRASSED BY ALL PARTY DOEST MATTER? PRIDE IN COUNTRY DOES
OPEM MARKET HEALTH CARE is what people need & want, government should stay out of our choices. is unconstitutional to make a business of it.
SATAN.
Hey Barb retweet this McCain got money from George Soros  he get a pat on the back,and winks at Schummer before vote on health care. No GOOD
Negotiating with fascists. It's not so much the trillion, but rather, it will all go to rich cronies, and make health care unaffordable.
Dem City's are completely relient on funding, grants and incentives, it misuses them in political races to substan there power.
Callus, greedy people for the most part on both sides, would be my guess, with a few exceptions that actually put the people before profit
K street.
Please don't kill us.
Repeal and give it back to private providers
@RandPaul ... Anyone can thrown out figures...FACTS PLESDE
Repeal again Rand Paul?  Will Dems vote for Conservative plan?  Reconciliation bill later? Not if u lose Congress 
.@RandPaul got his vote on clean repeal. It limped in with 45 votes. Time to be a team player!
But Dems sat back and clapped while Obama put us trillions in debt.
That's not to say a huge health care system isn't a problem; it's just that compromise isn't happening on both sides of the aisle.
Obamacare is the problem. Hard working Americans cannot afford it
Maybe I'm crazy, but when we allocate 4x as much on defense spending as China, I wonder why every Repub bill allocates $600 billion there.
VeryEasy to spend other people's money.

You down with OPP ? #GrahamCassidy is
Good question, Congressman @RepThomasMassie   What's the answer, @realDonaldTrump ???
Dems like 2,3,4,trillion.... wh rre is healthcare a constitutional right anyway? Repeal that dog!
The last administration doubled the debt, you could of had 9 ACA systems, abamacare is a sinking boat which rep are putting a motor on it.
This is all no Democratgoing 2 vote for it so why not get it right,? No pre- conditionObama"new"one piece"would DOOM his HC Bill
Why not Repeal now, then Replace later?
Just repeal. Let private industry take over.  We don't want socialized health care
May I ask why you are so against socialised healthcare? I'm in the UK and we have some of the best healthcare in the world. We all pay .1/2
Yes
The race to socialism.
Why does every Repub bill support a $1 trillion budget for war? Dem's do too. Who are we negotiating with?
The same people that own GOPe. Remember the supercritical bill that Mitch attached a $billion for his cronies. How could Mitch do that?
We are negotiating with Republicans from blue states.  You have no choice.  Stop being obstructionist from libertarian land.
Why did the DEMS create a PYRAMID SCHEMED ACA & it passed without anyone reading it? The $10b George Soros owes for ACA scam will cover it
There is more at stake, Our Insurance & Pharmaceutical industry are what make Healthcare possible, leave it out, no coverage or medicine.
pls repeal obamacare--a massive spending welfare program that we the people cannot afford.
Factions within your own party. It's insane from start to finish
No, alliance to big govt liberals inside the GOP is insane. Stand on principle FIRST.
It proves the fraud that is at the very essence of @GOP. It's all about big money using power to screw over little money. Corporate fascism.
When will you figure out the GOP is a Progressive party now?  Not fundamentally opposed to big-government.
Found at kids museum. Next to Be banned
Because that this is what it costs today.

Really? They look more like tombstones in a cemetery to me.

#BorrowAndSpend #GOP to the core.
Write a book covering all the perplexing questions we have internally.  We fight within our own souls.  Are we at the end of our road?
Yes yes yes yes.
