Because we've used a fool's strategy.
The only things that will sayisfy those who want us all dead is complete submission.  They will never stop inless made to.
Ponzi scheming career criminal @AIPAC unaudited @federalreserve reps @POTUS, @GOP & @TheDemocrats "nation building"
I guess you forgot about the Marshall plan after WW2. We rebuilt Japan and West Germany . It helped the US economically / strategically.
We had huge amounts of economic and technological competition from both Japan and Germany after WW2. We still do.
Because we destroyed their infrastructure and the only way to maintain a strategic foothold in the region is to rebuild it.
I don't think it's possible to fix that mess... even with the best of our best. Pulling out will leave a vacuum and Iran will move in
Stop fighting over minerals, this is not about terrorists
If we don't keep it stabilized more terrorist and ISIS groups will form. The same thing that happened in Iraq will happen here if leave.
And exactly who destabilized Iraq?
We never should have gone in but did. Too late now. Have to fix. No choice. Fix. Leave. They rebuild their own country.
So what's your limit?  How many lives lost?  How much money spent before you realize nation building doesn't work?  There is no fix.
Did you listen to speech? NOT nation building or telling them how to run their country. Taking out terrorists,requiring all help,then done.
I was promised an end of pointless overseas bullshit which is why they want to kill us in the first place
Well candidates are not privy to intel elected peeps are so...  talk to people that have been there. We will remove issues best we can-leave
He should have stuck to what he knows: being a shitty reality TV host
We rebuilt Germany and Japan after WW II and it has benefited the U.S.. The question is whether a nation's citizens want rebuilding or not.
And take it a step further we shouldn't be trying  to influence their elections either like Obama has done
Ok Rand.. u do know if we withdraw it will leave a void that will be filled with more terrorist? What then is your answer?
Let ISIS, Al-Qaeda and the Taliban have a resurgence so we can repeat 9/11. This dude is a joke!
If we "get out of the Middle East," then the terrorists will sell the oil, become rich, and fund operations all over the world, like the US.
Paul fails to realize , we can fight ISLAM THERE OR HERE. Take your pic.
We are seen as Lucifer & a plague on the world. Many in the middle east are disgusted by, in their belief system, USA's declining morality.
Inevitably those fools are always the @GOP xtian shitwits.
We lost lots of life, but if we leave now, who is going to pick up the slack , hopefully this president can get the job done .
End the wars.  Keep the money here.
Yoy should have been President..maybe still will..justin amash or tom massie v.p
Trump is sexual predator, con artist who is a liar, bankrupted companies, scammed banks, investors & $ millions w Trump University
We can not trust him with our foreign policy anymore then we can trust him around our daughters or investments
Yup.  Exactly
POTUS: we're not going to do that. News flash: Bush & Obama are no longer the POTUS. You politicians & talking heads try using common sense.
We tried it Obamas way & what that get you? No one promoted nation building today. Unless you got different msg.
Maybe I'm lucky because there is no way I would have voted or support this guy for president!
perfect as those are Trumps words. we are not nation building but  we are killing terrorists
Trump didn't start this mess . Give him a chance to fix it.
Calling on you and all the other republicans we put into office to work with our President. Stop getting into bed with the dems.
Trump agrees
He made it clear it was not nation building. I believe it was killing the enemy. If we pull out, it will become another ISIS country.
You would be right if that's what we were doing. It's not If you did your job once the mess started we wouldn't have to clean it up for you!
Can we ditch the "war on terrorism" & start one on education and bad politics?
Repeal nation building and Replace it with affordable healthcare. Nevermind; dumb idea.
Isolationism is not a viable answer when a power vacuum exists. But I agree on your separation of power argument.
Why don't you do what you said you would do month's ago.
FIX HEALTH
Whose job should it be Senator?
It is good to have the US returning to becoming a Super Power by policing regions around the world as we have always done. Keep The Peace
...not to leave  wide open space for a new home base for ever moving isis.
But sir...you still have to get our of there in a rational way.....maybe a little bit of patience ...wait and see first
Especially since POTUS has demonstrated no such skill set at home in USA!
Let the military do their job-get out of the way for a change. The Senate are self righteous weinies..
You need to call out the president. NOW.
Tk there minerals rights they have huge lithium deposit
Let's build OUR nation!
How would deal w/them? Withdraw totally? Not an option or in few yrs we'll have another 9/11 here. This country needs to dealt with HARD!
Our enemies want us to use up all our resources in nation buildings efforts. They are finite. Then our enemies can pounce.
Congress must keep maniac Trump in line. His ego will lead us right into a "yuge disaster" !!!!!!!!
I guess u were not listening to closely.They are not nation bldg but killing terrorists. Everything does not have to go your way. Grow up
So your solution is?
Don't blame President Trump he was honest he wanted the removal of all soldiers but your in office you have to take rational decisions
Maybe in another 15 years there won't be any idiots left who believe in this neverending approach
That is too sensible a policy for the war hawks
Hey, @thehill.com, I'm sure glad your not in charge of our military.
Really? Illegally invaded Iraq, executed their dictator,  and have been there every since.  Sounds like nation building  to me.
Fully agree Senator Paul time to leave #Afghanistan it's another failed attempt at Nation Building
But now that a Republican is in office, feel free to do a 180 on your public opinions...
You're right! It is a terrible idea. What can be gained that hasn't been gained already? #Afganistan
POTUS clearly stated "No Nation Bldg.", you are becoming a clear obstrictionist.  You are not POTUS, you couldn't get the nomination. Stop!!
.@realDonaldTrump: "We are not nation-building again. We are killing terrorists."
Thst Nation Re-building worked out well for So Korea, Japan & West Germany., at US taxpayer expense.
Please Sen Paul. We NEED more allies. Endorse @AP4Liberty
I second that request! @AP4Liberty is dedicated to bringing liberty back to #wethepeople ! #AP4Senate #MOSEN
#libertarian The only joke is voting 4 the same ppl,thinking somehow it will be different ;/
https://twitter.com/LMPSEBRING/status/893644912176107520 …
https://twitter.com/LMPSEBRING/status/899511900496637954 …
I agree totally with You @RandPaul ♰
AMEN!!!!
Oh  Typical, always contrary & only you are ever right ! Choose,support the President or join the list of must be replaced candidates !
Completely agree. Let's end the military occupation and instead open lines of trade for their awesome precious metals resources instead.
https://twitter.com/kgo2017/status/899117151809884160 …
Until that terrorist attack kills civilians and causes trillions of dollars of damage to economy, and/or infrastructure, public health, etc.
As an American I need you to stand with our President. Why blast him? Unite the party!
Your Jerry-Curl is too tight and cramping your brain. Grab some Soul-Glow and loosen up...
He isn't nation building. Did you listen to him?
Extremely well written
That's why @POTUS said specifically we're NOT nation building anymore.
LOLOLOLOL
no way, this will be diffident some how because a liberal democrat who turned republican is in the office.silly rand Paul.
Did you not hear him explicitly say we are NOT nation building? Was this a preplanned reply?
The Military Industrial Complex wants the war to continue. There making too much money to leave.
#StandWithRand
Rand, because the last administration didn't do their job and allowed them to spread like cancer. Look at Europe. We're next!
I think it's time for you, @justinamash , and @RepThomasMassie to join the @LPNational lib. :)
#libertarian
The only joke is voting for the same ppl, thinking it will somehow be different ;/
https://twitter.com/LMPSEBRING/status/899890159545720832 …
#libertarian Cors there's a history to that, as well ;/
https://twitter.com/LMPSEBRING/status/893644912176107520 …
https://twitter.com/LMPSEBRING/status/899511900496637954 …
as you know, ~ #subjective as it is.
#libertarian ;)) v
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copperhead_(politics) …
http://wikivisually.com/wiki/Copperhead_(politics) …
http://library.cqpress.com/cqresearcher/document.php?id=cqresrre1968010300 ……
I'm sure he said we are not nation building,we're taking out the enemy and we're gonna win.
Last time I heard, one branch of the Federal government is on a one month siesta.  #GetBackToWork
There are over 2 million bureaucrats who are not on vacation at the same time, all of whom are part of the executive branch of the govt.
How about appointment of originalist judges to the inferior courts, ambassadors, political bureaucrats and the like?
You can't have war without nation building We learned that after WWI! See also Iraq under Obama!  @JulieBorowski
Our military men&women won it the 1st year then politicians abc agencies come & FUBAR it away Mattis said it: We been fighting a 1yr war 16X
Victory is leaving Afghanistan with an intact country. Ask the (former) Soviet Union.
Charlottesville should have never happened, both sides we're WRONG, the mask wearing morons are cowards!
President Trump is listening to Our Great and Experience Generals ! I believe they know what they are doing better than you Senator Paul
Have you talked to any Afghanistan War veterans? Those things already happen now. That is their culture. We cannot change it w/out genocide.
The generals want the India indians to colonize Afghanistan
POTUS talked about "victory" in terms of an outcome in which everybody wins, even the Afghans. Many promising aspects of speech.
DID U NOT HEAR TRUMPS SPEECH?? HE SAID WE ARENT NATION BUILDING. WE ARE KILLING TERRORISTS. STOP LIVING IN FANTASYLAND. U SOUND LIKE A LIB!
The President already has the authority of the War Powers Act. Get off it Rand & back our President. Let him end this crap once and for all.
Spare us of your opinion yours is not welcomed anymore in this country so please resign. You and many others are against Trump so step down
Every day I thank America's lucky stars that we have you in the Senate, fighting for the Constitutional principals I hold dear. Thank you!
Why not say "President Trump was right in his speech when he said we shouldn't be nation building".  Support our President !
We have no choice but to stay and help the people  . Fighting there really cuts down the number fighting around the world
I agree.  Sending more troops there is a mistake.
Bring em Home.. 80% of the heroin used world wide comes from a country we control? #epichfailure  https://twitter.com/JamesSandzik/status/899294530012315648 …
No, you are wrong by not taking advice from professionals. POTUS was honest by listening. Obama did wrong. Did it work? No. Listen. Learn.
Go back to work!
i dont want no one doin no nation building here
@marcorubio Two Senators and polar opposite positions. I agree with Paul on this one. Enough is enough!
General Paul has it Wrong as he has numerous times.  The new policy POTUS set out will result in ending terrorism the NEW END GAME!
Rand, there's nothing of importance that you agree with the GOP. Wolf in sheep's clothing? You helped kill Obama care repeal, now this
Trump said no nation building.
No
16 yrs of previous failures belongs to those Presidents, NOT TRUMP! Time to change it up!
Obviously POTUS has learned something that you may not know. He said as much. It changed his view. So support your President Rand.
War was designated the responsibility of Congress for a reason
1839 Lord Wellington "consequence of once crossing the Indus to settle a
gvt in #Afghanistan would be a perennial march into that country"
I agree w/you on this, but we need to get rid of all those terrorists that are prone to want and try to kill us.U cant live off indignation
We must kill the terrorists or they will be here next. Afghanistan will have to rebuild their own country.Listen to POTUS.Listen to military
Stop your lying Rand Paul u have done nothing too help our president...
Get on the #TrumpTrain before ur out of the job because he will be @POTUS until January 2025
Why don't you try supporting @POTUS for a change & maybe you'll get re-elected. If u Keep up the pissing match, u should start packing!
President Trump clearly said we will not rebuild, this is not his mess but must clean it up, you take care of healthcare and tax cuts
Romans 8:32
He who did not spare His own #Son, but delivered Him up for us all, how shall He not with Him also freely give [1/2]
us all #things? [2/2]
Acts 2:38
Then #Peter said to them, “#Repent, and let every one of you be baptized in the name of #JesusChrist for the [1/2]
#remission of #sins; and you shall receive the #gift of the #HolySpirit. [2/2]
Is this Christian?
Just kill as many bad guys as we can.
(3) concerns inside our borders...it is ok if US Citizens are killed by Terrorist&illegal aliens inside our borders...just keep fight em
I discovered the meaning of the name Rand. It's derived from a term used for someone apt to cut, run & cower.
(2) Trump caved to the likes of L.Graham...by the way..he is all for allowing more Refugees & illegal aliens in the USA..so much for safety
Amen..and guess who is on Fox News bashing Rand Paul?? The war monger himself...Lind. Graham..all smiles..praising Trump..because Pres.
I so wish you were president.
Everytime you make these comments it show how little you understand Global Affairs.  I really like you but never as a President.
He said it's not our job, didn't you listen?
isn't that what @POTUS just said?
Nation building is just 1 part of the mission. If U bomb their lands to destroy terrorist what choices do those innocent civilians have 
Trump has a good plan.   Support him
Amen
Then I'm guessing you loved @realDonaldTrump's speech tonight.
#MAGA
#HispanicsForTrump
Ky...isn't it the truth. A state I used to live. But watched the State turn it's ba k on great thing. It good old bit network profeteer.
You don't understand the SF mission. Please listen to Colonel Mark Boyatt for nterview on @SOFREPRadio "nation building" makes us all strong
Totally agree.  #RealTalk
Then find away to impeach before it's too late
Give it up buttercup
Well talk to your boy Trump
Trump just said we're staying out of how their govt & staying out of how they govern their people
@scotthortonshow Rand Paul is trying to sell some of your books!
Just heard President say we're going after terrorists, not nation building.
It is time but we must do it smart!  We should not make the same mistakes as Iraq. Please support POTUS!
Please take @OrrinHatch in a room and beat this concept into his head.
But if we suddenly pull out, the regime falls and yet another anti-US faction comes into power. You could've stopped this years ago.
#ImpeachTrump
Shut up
So on the wrong track in all policy

We should never have got military contractors involved. They have every reason to keep war going. Blackwater etc ....
Senator Paul, I wish you were our President.
You should have talked to him before the generals got to him. Now it's too late.
Yes,Yes and Amen.....get us out and if necessary send our biggest bombs to do our talking. AS HE PROMISED!!!!!!!!
I think you and the rest of the senate are fools.  They need to send all of you worthless senators to Afghanistan and leave the good here.
Name one country where nation building worked.......ok Japan ....your turn, times up
No more Randy tweets with the word "no" or "not". Either you have an actual plan, or be quiet. Go back to raising money for yourself.
much unfulfilled by Trump and now another military  renege.  Four years hence will we only claim "well there was some regulatory relief..."
AGREED! We need to FINISH this with the least footprint humanly possible.Without creating yet another failed state.
Nation building not protecting our sons and daughters will die no more for other countries
America: *blows everything up*
Also America: "Nation building isn't our job, take some responsibility for yourselves!" 
#Warmongers #merica
Can we spend some time and money building USA? Lately it seems fences around here need some mending.
We need to keep advising Afghan troops, but boots on the ground is not advisable.
#StandWithRand
We are not going in to defeat Afghanistan...we are going in to wipe out terrorist. The last administration allowed them to grow like cancer.
PLEASE run in 2024 (if we are still around) & (if Democrats haven't completely full-proofed their fraudulent voting.)
You could really help the Republicans get rid of our Obama Care premiums driving us into bankruptcy. Your words COUNT!  HELP US! PLEASE!
It's time to focus on REbuilding our own Nation. Stop funneling our tax dollars to foreign soil. This will not end well if you don't.
At this point let's declare victory & get out 
Only good back in if r attacked
Bring them all home.
I agree.
Your silence since other GOPs have been denouncing Trump's response to hate, racism & White Supremacy in Charlottesville is reprimandable!!!
We should make it dependent upon whether they allow US companies in to mine minerals to compensate for our help. Win-win
Minerals aren't worth the lives that will be lost.
It's a volunteer army we are more than willing to kick the tail and Ass and get America paid while we do it
Taliban*
I left the Army when the realization that I had signed up to be a mercenary for the globalist corporate combine hit home with me
I guess the first gulf war you consider a conflict? We have been at war 27 years unless my service was just a dream!
Couldn't agree more
Typical answer second-guess always second-guess never come up with a solution then run and hide
Nothing wrong with assisting nation building, but the populus must be on board. Examples are Korea, Japan and India
I blame the General's advice. They seem to be wanting the action. Is this going to turn in it another Vietnam? I pray not.
I guess you dont get it, Congress and Senate are good for NOTHING. @POTUS can do circles around all congress and get the job done
Ummm, The Senate is half of Congress....it's made up of The House of Reps and The Senate.
Just admit you are an isolationist close up the country. Just like you looser Dad that brought us Clinton tell him thanks for that
True. We need to build Nationalism right here in the USA!

You have little support @RandPaul
Yeah... their religious founder was an insane lunatic. Ergo everything that sprouted from it is fatally flawed. We're going to correct that?
If we're getting out of nation-building, can we also get out of "empire-maintenance" while we're at it?
