100% agree with you
You need to support our President. He is the one I voted for. Not you.
You @RandPaul are a paradox I am trying to wrap my head around.  Yes, arms for oil is bad mojo for Middle East.
Seth Rich, not Russia. FBI was forbidden to review DNC servers.
Health Care, Tax reform!
Dude, let's oppose ALL arms sales to foreign powers.
Thanks for taking this up. Please also speak about @realDonaldTrump budget #taxreform which will only benefit rich
Circa Report today proves Obama illegally spied on Americans for yrs., seriously violating the 4th Amendment. What are you doing about this!
Agree
Hey Rand Paul do you see who is agreeing with you here?
You spend more time doing interviews and undermining every step of the way. Stop!!!! Start gathering support for your proposals or compromis
send/dems/Clinton did not like Comey but they didn't fire him in the mid investigation BIG difference
The American ppl shouldnt have had 2 put up a w/another second of Comey. Timing b damn. Its like bad timing 2 leave an abusive spouse, never
timing is everything that was a terrible analogy
They will buy weapons from somewhere anyway... why not OURS and get their money and JOBS for the US? Your a bag of hot air Rand....SIT DOWN!
providing arms to the middle east is what propped up Bin Laden. Would you sell gun powder to Muslims? Oh I mean brown people?
The United States has been selling the Middle East arms for decades! AND didn't prop up Bin Laden they use AK-47 not M16 get informed lol
No, they used airplanes
Well let's stay focused on what the tweet was about ...SELLING ARMS,  not planes! Although this is despicable what happen to us on 9/11 
block any and all arms sales to all parties in the ME . AFGHANISTAN is at war 4 past 35 yes bc of US ARMS
Libertarians like me are salivating at the prospects for 2018/2020 in the wake of FoX news collapse and Trump kleptocracy. Good job Rand!

I want you to be your dad so much... look to him on all topics!!
Voice of reason
They are going to buy arms so would rather see Americans working then Chinese
You r crazy!
Why  can't  the VA  purchase   Jewish  hospital
@SenJohnMcCain  Jr?
But it's ok we give away our military arms take the deal life is full of chances.
This idiot is in LAH LAH LAND !
We need armed partners beside Israel in middle east
I say we approve the sale, collect the money and then forget to deliver.
@IndivisibleNKY4 @Indivisible_KY3 @IndivisibleBG6 at your 5/30 #townhall we'd love to ask when you'll stand up for Us over Executives
At the very least, not a deal on that high a level. Pretty sure they'll be used against us and/or Israel.
@IndivisibleNKY4 @Indivisible_KY3 @IndivisibleBG6 We noticed you had a few meetings with Ins. Exes how about talking to constituents #resist
R U opposing the US MIC??? Plse B careful...
Had you gotten in office, you would have found, talk is cheap, just like Trump is finding. Deep state is HARD 2 conquer
NOT TO MENTION TAXPAYERS ARE PAYING FOR RUSSIAN /TRUMP COLLUSION WHEN THERE HAS BEEN NONE!! YOU REPUBLICANS SHOULD JUST CALL YOURSELF DEMS!!
A lot of what @RandPaul says is logical and true. 90% of how he says it is shameless grandstanding and showboating.
Lol
We should just sell them straight to bin Laden's sons and cut out the middle man
What.....going against your President and his agendas! I'm shocked
Seth Rich
The weapons are used to kill American military personnel.
One of the only sane voices I've heard.
Why don't we just ask Hillary to be president if you guys are going to oppose everything Trump
That is exactly what they want & are praying for!!
But you allowed the billions given to Iran??
Did you block Obama's Iran deal?
Paul, we need to work together with countries to help fight terrorist. Working with countries like Saudi Arabia will help.
Thank you Senator
Please stop all of your belly aching and help the president succeed.
Why oppose this GREAT deal? I mean, besides Saudi links to 9/11 hijackers, their terrible human rights record, & future Yemeni casualties
Arms sales is a tricky business. Will they get the gear from others no matter what? Are they gonna use the gear 2 attack us? Tough call
16 of the19 9/11 TERRORISTS were from SAUDI ARABIA now TRUMP wants to sell them military weapons they can attack us with AGAIN?
You mean arming more Muslims is not a good idea. What a shock.
leave it alone Senator.
All they are going through the nation from crises and bloodshed inevitably Jewsكل ما تمر به الامه من أزمات وسفك الدماء حتما يهود
More grand standing from Rand.
Why do we Need Saudi Arabia any ways? Keep fracking!!!!
Or harness the sun's energy without poisoning our water supply or causing earthquakes
Those weapons cannot be sold to the Saudis. We all know how it'll end up. #islamicterror
Are you going to oppose the humanitarian disaster that will result from the AHCA and Trump Budget? Or are you going to back them?
Another hater with no facts; Victors Jams
Read them, then try again.
You might want to stand up to @realDonaldTrump then.
