how do you expect anyone to take you seriously when you support Betsy DeVos?
Probably because most of his supporters likely support her as well. I sure do.
why support her? She has zero qualifications, hates public schools, knows nothing about managing a loan program.
I hate public schools too, so that's probably why.
so you are willing to overlook her lack of any qualifications. You must really hate public schools
Yes.
it's amazing what people will overlook for politics nowadays. Decency, the truth, qualifications, compassion, etc
The truth is that public schools suck and the decent, compassionate response is school choice :^ )
I hope you are voting no on DeVos
why?
As a public school T, I am not impressed by her knowledge, push for private/charter schls. Her response were lacking. @RandPaul
As a parent, I am not impressed by the public school systems. Choice is good.
you have choice--you home school. Putting someone in charge of public ed who doesn't believe in it-not a great idea
2/2 & push for standardized tests. It is an enormous amount of pressure on teachers and students alike.
agree.  I am not opposed to parents having a choice just idea of someone in charge who wants to destroy public edu
Reform is necessary. I hated pulling my daughter. I felt for her teachers & staff. CC standards didn't help.
NOT!!!! Worst senator ever!!  No ethical/moral base. $ and party over best interest of the people
tell the TRUTH: it i$ the ACA... Any junk in the aca i$ there because you & the republiCON$... YOUR amerika i$ $hit!
lets replace the satanic pedo surveillance state! EXPOSE gov gang stalking!
Your plan is trash. Repeal, and replace with more repeals. @RandPaul @FreedomWorks
Americans deserve obamacare! You will never do better! Talk to your people! #outoftouch
pooling together HC option for churches?? SINGLE PAYER!!! WHY IS THAT SO HARD TO UNDERSTAND! LEAVE NO ONE OUT!
what about Beattyville, Kentucky... the poorest white town in America?
@MrMikeJoseph @FreedomWorks No No the media told me the Republicans have no plan! This is all wrong!
@Mike_Beacham @FreedomWorks So if Sen. Paul has a replacement plan, why are they saying it'll take up to a year to do this?
Begging u 2 find a way to take feedback from ALL providers on the front lines! We have needs & ideas! Plz listen!
real freedom would be healthcare that's genuinely accessible for all, including the poor, disabled, elderly...
it is more than being  accessible is coverage any good, the cost available 2 all, and no prexisting,  low drug cost ?
why can't the people see it before it is voted in after all  we are the ones it will affect.
I'm sure it will suck and somebody will get filthy rich from it.
who are you even thanking?  Like 2 people?
Agree, but we don't deserve a demagogue. Pls impeach 45 & put person who doesn't scare the shit out of us all. You?
I couldn't be happier if your plan was passed.
keep a stranglehold on big pharma.
keep up the great work!!!
no on Devos....u know she is not competent and will end up costing the country more money in lawsuits...find another
There are many who need coverage and should be protected.  Obamacare not the best way.  Time for Repubs to lead!
we deserve better for our children than Betsy Devos vote no
@Bansot13Miller @FreedomWorks HSAs?So the rich get great healthcare & the poor get poor healthcare. That's why we needed ACA.
ACA was designed to fall on itself to cause crisis. All of the lefts plans today designed to fail.
Absurd. ACA well planned but Rep obstruction kept it from being adequately funded b4 it was fully self-funded.
Why do you think after 6yrs of moaning & griping with thumbs up their asses, Reps have nothing to offer.
Trump/Bannon out to cause crises, turmoil & threat so they can ride in on (alt)white horse of Law & Order.
we need some law and order. Illegal immigration and left ignoring law for feelings is a real problem
You don't understand. Law & Order is invented to justify implementation of martial law in a fascist state.
Does this seem familiar? 
http://www.rense.com/general37/char.htm …
PS there is no bill or law called Obamacare to repeal.  It is the Affordable Care Act. Idiots.
so people have to decide whether to use $$ to pay bills or put in a HSA. No freedom there
barf!!!  How about doing something morally right for your constituencies?  I have lost all respect for you.
yeah freedom to be denied for preexisting conditions, go bankrupt, and die.
I wish I could do more. Get America Working Again!
You have not woke up to realized the devastation your selfish actions affects kentuckian! Just pad your pocket.
huge fan! Keep up the hard work.
Replacement must be a bipartisan bill. Please vote against repeal through reconciliation. Repeal first is too risky.
NO WE DONT HAVE $$ for HSA WHY DONT U WANT TO HELP KENTUCKIANS!!??
I am all for your plan please publish the highlights everywhere you can
是的我同意
I've had 5 different health plans for the last 5 years from BCBS, Aetna and now Cigna...how is that not Free Market?
please force a no vote betsy devos she is very unqualified almost anyone would be better follow the children not rep
Heath- age 20-50 see GP every other Year, Odd yr or even yr B-day, See specialist (OBGYN etc.) other year, save US $
Senator keep pressing forward on Obamacare and tax reforms also Judge Gorsuch needs confirmed ASAP
we want protections in place  and we the people are begging you to say no to devos
Love plan! #ObamacareReplacementActS222 Wish gov programs were completely privatized but overall I #StandWithRand
where can I see your replacement document for the AHC  ha Not very affordable Will there be vision&dental benefits
Americans deserves health care at an affordable price and if they cannot afford, then let the rich give up their perks
how about doing away all together.
When will your AHC replacement be voted on?
What can I do to help y'all? #Obamacare #FullRepeal
keep working. Youand Trump can make a difference
please produce legislation to eliminate the heroin episodic destroy the opium crops and increase rehab facilities. Please Help!!!
does that include payments for hospital e.r visits?
@MeganGC1983 @FreedomWorks
carpet bagger
help us get rid of mcConnell
If i have to pay for something at least made it work correctly for everyone not for a few
I'm tired to pay for something that I never use like health care and paying for Medicare which is bankrupt
U & @SteveKingIA made reference to fictitious #BowlingGreenMassacre on @CNN @MSNBC @FOX prior to @KellyannePolls @FreedomWorks
when will you start addressing the constitutional crisis in the White House? Please stop Bannon and insist POTUS divests.
How does your plan protect women's repro rights from states trying to limit them? Women = half the country/voters.
You have the best plan going. I read every word of it and you have a winner!
You have no replacement Rand. Another bs story.
WHY are they saying now its going to take a YEAR???
You can put lipstick on a pig but it's still a pig. Millions will go uncovered. Liar!
how will you handle costs w/o mandate? Will it be portable? How can freelancers/self-employed get insured.
very vague on what is diff from ACA. You expressed expanding HSA. You said less regulations but without detail...
As long as that budget is balanced!
how much of a tax break did you get repealing the Affordable Care Act?
Free is never free, so my hope is health care can be accessible and affordable to all..
just keep working to get real work done. We are taking notice
Everyone should take responsibility for their choices. Tired of paying for others behavior! Stop redistribution NOW!
#StandWithRand
If anyone can do it, you can.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  The pressure is on the @GOP , IT BETTER BE  GOOD
please understand.. Obamacare is the opposite of a "disaster" for a lot of people, it's absolutely been a lifeline.
, not evident that this plan will be effective if the goal is to truly expand health insurance and make it affordable.
putting high risk citizens with pre existing conditions in an insurance pool will not work without subsides
Just no. But if you support "Government Fails. Freedom Works."?  Then resign from the Senate.
keep up the good work....advance freedom and liberty for all American citizens
we were in a dairy farmer health coop prior to ACA. 10,000 deductible and 800/ mo premium. We r all healthy!!
.@CNN @politico Hey @RandPaul, on what // universe are you living? Nobody is accepting it!  @FreedomWorks
this is EXACTLY what we had prior to the ACA and it was horribly expensive with just catastrophic coverage.
Not true. Read the article.
of course I read it. I also experienced health care pools in early 2000's.
TRUMPCARELESS will fail even worse than Obamacare.The pharmaceutical companies OWN every legislator in the gov
Americans deserve a congress with the balls to stand up to the dictator-in-chief. Just do it man. Be a hero. #Resist
we deserve equal access to medical treatment. My premiums were astronomical for bad coverage before the ACA.
covering nutritional supplements is the dumbest thing ever. It's a windfall for bad science and snake oil.
This exposes the idiocy by most people on actual healthcare, they don't know, but they assume they do.
What's up with YOUR boy Mitch?
plan and swoop in to save the day. And then you will take credit for saving American health care. Fucking hypocrites
congratulations senator;)
you guys are clowns. You piss and moan about obamacare but don't work with him to tweak it. Now you have a magic..
I don't want insurance! Remove IRS penalty so I can drop this policy like a hot potato
then the rest of us pay for your care if you get hurt or sick. That's not very personally responsible
no I pay my own bills but thanks for the offer.  I don't even use the insurance I'm forced to carry. I pay twice
And someone qualified in charge of education #nodevos
instead of tax breaks you should set it up like Obama. We pay monthly gov pays balance. Otherwise eldearly won't hav
thank you for your hard work on this. The ACA was a disaster.
Some people put their trust in Government/Leviathan/Hobbes. The sane among us believe in Our Neighbors/Localism/Hume
It would be nice if you didn't imagine yourself a demigod. Not for my sake but for yours.
I'm European and strongly believe in public, universal healthcare, but I'd be curious to see such free market
@RandPaul @FreedomWorks
I don't support your plan.  I remember my mom's ins rate sky rocketing. Husband went without  $$$. Got thru ACA!
I HAVE NO DOUBT IT'S AWESOME!!!  YOU ARE A GREAT & BRILLIANT MAN, SENATOR. @RealBenCarson BELIEVES SO AS WELL.
Vote NO on Betsy DeVos! She is not qualified!
this link does not provide sufficient information. Sounds like high risk pools. Very costly to Americans! #acaworks
correct the title to read "Affordable Care Replacement Act" and I'll think about it.
Congress will never repeal this law. How about allowing a IRS for any American to exempt themselves like Congress
Why does our civil servant congress have exemption and we cant. Why is congress better then is. Law for is only.
Give IRS directive allowing us exemption form. Why are you all above the law and better then us. Shamefull
And they deserve a strong public education system. Please vote against Betsy DeVos as secretary. Don't sell our students' futures
Repeal and replace.
Can't have true healthcare freedom without lowering the cost of care. Federal regulations have driven up prices.
when are u going to show us the actual plan? Instead of repeal, why not fix the flaws? Keep #ACA! #countryoverparty
Being able to purchase insurance even with a pre existing condition is over rated-so is lifetime caps
need to stop calling  these programs health care it is insurance coverage #USA
DO IT NOW !!!
what about pre existing conditions.. most important
the plan is to bundle those people together to form a block of people no insurance company wants to see
We don't support that BS. Letting people "die off" because of unregulated price gouging by business isn't governance
"Government fails, freedom works" ? Little over the top, #anarchy offers lots of freedom, no?
What is  mean that  Health care freedom 
Not supporting!
so lets get a vote on it and move forward please. Onto tax reform and border get that scotus pick confirmed!
We support ACA & any attempt to make it better. Turning back over to free mkts & ins co control will mk unaffordable
where's the details on the replacement for it? If there is one at all.
He literally linked it what more do you want
the explanation of what the replacement entails in its entirety, not just some link to a mediocre summary.
any chance u can replace the media while ur at it ?
thank you for coming up with something that's more reasonable and hopefully more affordable for Americans
