Disastrous ObamaCare must be removed from our land before it does even more damage!!
How many of those are uninsured beause Republican governors refused to expand Medicaid in their states?
How many ppl who are already struggling were forced to pay penalties b/c they couldn't afford skyrocketing ObamaCare premiums?
And how many would be paying the same premiums or worse if ObamaCare never existed?  You act like skyrocketing premiums started in 2010.
Besides -- people that can afford to buy insurance should because otherwise those of us who do have insurance pay for those deadbeats.
Deadbeat Mom of a Marine over here. Nice to kno u care about my health. I've been there b4. Not anymore nd don't mind helpn another
Can you afford it?  Or are you in a situation where you would normally get Medicaid under the ACA expansion but your state screwed you?
I now have it and can afford it but when I cudnt Obama care screwed me. But I was talkn about ur comment.
Does Rand Paul still practice?
Yes he must practice to keep his license. He does FREE SURGERIES
I LOVE JOKES IN THE MORNING…. a mediocre fake eye-doctor who ran for office to avoid mal-practicing #MorningJoke↓
.@RandPaul: "As a physician I've seen ObamaCare up close & personal, and I hate every bit of it." 
He is one of the best eye surgeons and not only that does surgeries for free
Again: this is simply not true. He is not an accredited doctor.
Stop lying he's a completely accredited Doctor Who does free surgeries for poor people. What have you ever done for free???
This is untrue. He is not accredited by the ABO. Please do your research.
Who gives a shit? He's a licensed surgeon and does recent surgeries for free. So claiming he's not a real doctor is a lie
That's the thing: he's not accredited. The entire medical community cares. He's not a real doctor as he is not accredited.
Wrong. He's in a box. KY can't afford to lose ACA. Dr No is preserving Ocare by pretending to be a conservative.
Wrong. The GOP plan does not in anyway repeal ACA
My point is that KY can't afford to lose the ACA $$$$ and Paul is hiding behind an absolutist conservative stance to ensure ACA survival
Really? I'm sure his is not the case. He does not want ACA survival and neither do we. Trumpcare = ACA survival - #SinglePayer = Trumpcare
Why did he vote for "skinny repeal" other than he knew it wouldn't pass. It kept 100% of ACA G-C bill keeps 90%. KY needs ACA
He wants full repeal

Hope you change your mind!
Repeal then replace,accept the new bill and fix it later.Dont sit on your hands and do nothing
Ran Paul knows so much, seems like he could come with something the Republicans would like.
As physicians you charge twice as much as the rest of the world per capita to deliver outcomes worse than any industrial country
Then go see a doctor in Canada.  I'm sure they would love your money.
Then help repeal it!!
Thank you for standing for "WE THE PEOPLE"!  Even though Washington is still NOT LISTENING TO US!

Why is the latest Republican "health care" bill so immoral? My health care advisors break it down. 
Obama is absolutely killing the wages of the health care executives.They should be able to make at least 20 million a year because they earn
Hell this guy wanted to make retirement age to age 70...
It's gonna have to be to pay for all this free stuff
@RandPaul  Still, need to pass Graham-Cassidy.  It's far from perfect, but with current Congress, the best we'll get. At least goes to #10A
Let states develop healthcare for their specific demographics. Fed Gov't proved they can't make a 1 size fits all national healthcare plan.
total loser
When did you last practice "medicine?"
2010.
Stop lying.

Wtf does that have to do with his experiences with Obamacare? Last I checked, Haiti wasn't in the US.
@RandPaul  Do you use ACA? What HC Plan do you use? So why not give it to the people if you hate ACA so much??
But #GrahamCassidy is worse. It amounts to commiting "LEGAL GENOCIDE" by @POTUS @VP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy .
Mr Paul please vote for the bill we ask of you
when was the last time you actually practiced medicine? @randpaul And what O'care effects could an eye doc see?  #liar #deathcare #corrupt
As do most in med field. I've seen results er.
Me too. My co- pay 35.00 before Obama care, now 170.00. I want it fixed.A lot of friends over 60 have lost their coverage period. Repeal it.
Then do something about it Dr No. Fact is that drug addled KY needs Obamacare so just be honest. Stop pretending to be captain conservative
Randy Paul is a good man, but allowing obamacare to continue is wrong. He should be part of solution not the problem. Vote yes @RandPaul
ACA is a pathway to socialized medicine and needs to be terminated!
Republicans who campaigned in repeal and replace are proving their word doesn't count by not passing repeal. A mans word is his bond
If a mans word means nothing....he means nothing!
Then do the right thing! Repeal it! And then keep building on changes, cutting taxes, eliminating stifling regs! Do your damn job!
Then you should be a solid NO.
The ACA wasn't implemented until you stopped practicing but sure, okay Rand
He still speaks to many physicians and my personal physician quit when ACA came in place & took and administrative job.
How many days with patients since Obamacare? Thought you were in Congress... And don't patients opinions count too?
What did people do before Obama care. They can pay for their own insurance. Insurance is not a right.
Maybe you didn't read, but millions went without which massively increase healthcare costs for those that do. This is about tax cut.
Wow what I don't get about the USA citizens is that you whine about the cost of universal healthcare but are silent over exorbitant military
Also, we have the most expensive health care system in the world per capita, and not as good of health outcomes as many European countries.
Someone's making a lot of money out of you I'm guessing
Yes, these people:
Then repeal it!!!!
pharmaceutical company and 3rd party payers ARE the fail of healthcare .the healthcare scams  involves overpayment .
@RandPaul I hope to see you in the white house some day.
Kind of how we feel about you Rand...
@Gloann5 Well Mr Paul let's get it together and find something!!! Quit complaining!
Rand Paul needs to get on board so we can start working toward an even better program, or he should resign and just get out of the way!
As a general rule, I defer to professionals(not "experts") in the particular fields. Doctors for health care, soldiers for military, Leos...
...for law enforcement, etc.. That is unless I have facts that contradict their stated position. I have nothing that says Paul is wrong on..
...this issue.

 The whole problem is government is the defacto health care provider using doctors as proxies. Something to think about.
As a physician I've seen Rand Paul up close & personal, and I hate every bit of it."
@Cadilla01489105 @RandPaul get over your self Rand Paul. Don't be a McCain Trsitor
Why give Rand Paul any TV time Ky has done the American ppl a disservice by elected this creep he will NEVER vote 4 any bill that helps us
Y'all have free healthcare. Apparently, our elected officials are hypocrites who lie to us in order to rob us.
What Rand Paul really hates about Obama Care is that it was implemented under a black president. 
Sad.
EVERY bit?  Come on.
How does the senate healthcare system work .
You’ll never have a better chance to repeal and replace.
Stop obstructing and work to figure out how to support this bill
Rand Paul.. leave congress. You are an obstructionist and do not deserve your office.
You are delusional! I am in healthcare, and I can tell you firsthand how pitiful healthcare is in the United States. 
Rand stop being a hemorrhoid, support Trump
All the people who don't want Obamacare probably don't need it as they have to much money anyway.
I bet the senator has private health care using taxpayers money.
You're not a physician! You're an uncertified eye "doctor" who hasn't practiced since 2010. Gimme a break!
Work on fixing it instead of bashing those who are at least trying.  Get busy and stop waiting on others to give you a reason to criticize.
Where is Rand's bill to replace it?
Show me the last time you personally paid for health care.
You're full of  Rand! You're not a practicing physician. Your a former eye doctor. Obamacare was implemented AFTER you stopped practicing.
What the hell is he talking about?  ACa has nothing to do with getting glasses, not that he's practiced in year anyhow.
Paul, like his felon father, is a democrat in drag. works against everything.
Then get rid of it!
Great Rand, but not enough votes for what you want so get what you can and fight for more later.  Thanks for nothing.
God Bless you
Typical Fox News.
Yet he's going to vote to keep it because he thinks the other one is so bad he will not vote for it.
@RandPaul 
Well this shit show you support isn't the alternative. Do better.
A full repeal is difficult. This is a good first step, so we can eventually return our healthcare to pre-2009. Don't throw away this step.
Then y'all senators need to get onboard and replace it.. talk is cheap.
If Rand Paul HATES O'Care so much, why won't he Vote to REPEAL IT???
Tell me one thing you don't like about it
https://www.cassidy.senate.gov/about/about-bill … Dr Cassidy helped poor people get health care we need this type of care now Why do you have to mess this up?
Senator Paul, how many of your constituents will loose health insurance if you repeal Obamacare? And are you willing to treat them for free?
Then vote to get rid of it!  8 years later you guys have NOtHING to replace it with.  You are becoming more of an obstructionist ie Schummer
Keep on screaming your protest, we are not looking for you to compromise, we wan't reconciliation
Stop being part of the problem and start being part of the solution Unless your hand is in a pocket
Agree 100%!
Yes you do because you do not understand the issues of middle class
Just curios , as a physician, when was the last time you practiced medicine ?
I hate it too and needs to be repealed before the luxury tax is implemented
Rand Paul just likes to make a spectacle of himself for no really good reason.
Thank you @RandPaul for standing for the Constitution.
For standing up for the taxpayers. God bless you! Stay strong #IStandWithRand
Where is your alternate plan?
This is a joke. When did @RandPaul practice last? Keep taking advantage of the ignorance of Kentucky. #CassidyGraham
Rand Paul is every bit of a problem like Obama care! Feckless Washington diplomat with no accomplishments,except stone in your shoe.
Not nearly as much as I hate you!
As a citizen and a patient I hate every bit of it
I agree Rand, do you not agree that states are more capable of running health care than Feds? Love your health assoc idea, can't we add ltr?
You'll probably do a McCain job on the vote in the end
Asi es Rand.
Please explain. Are you seeing fewer patients? the diseases are the same or is this a $$ issue?There are still copays and Ded
Great Rand. Propose an alternative instead of bitching about the options.
Tell those liers we the people are mad about no REPEAL! They are not listening or care about Americans.Thank u for fighting for us Sentor.
No he hasn't.  I have and it needs to be repealed.
I'm an ACA provider and I don't see a problem at all. When did you last see an ACA patient?  You just hate Obama.
Rand is lying. He hasn't practiced since 2010.
Your one of the few....the ama supports it fully and completwly

Aren't you an no-longer-certified eye doctor who hasn't practiced in years?
You support Rand Paul?
No if that was tha case it would never passed in the first place.
Nothing says you have a strong, nuanced understanding of a topic like rejecting everything out of hand. #donttrustlibertariandoctors
Obama Care has taken income & is still taking income out of the pockets of people of KY and they need his vote now pls do not let them down!
As UK national, I've seen more than enough of Fox. It's TV for people too stupid to hang out with regular stupid people. And f*** Rand Paul
Did you go to medicalschool online cause you don't act like some one who witness suffering on daily basis,even if you went for ophthalmology
Right, but as a politician, he's been more recently "up close & personal" with lobbying money from insurance companies. So fuck Rand Paul!
Rand Pauls bill makes to much sense and cocts way less, something career politicians dont understand. Term limits. Power to the people !!
As a contrarian U always have a better way. U refuse 2 b a group player instead being a standout. Say what you want U are bucking the voters
Don't worry @RandPaul  @AP4Liberty is on the way! #FullRepeal #EndObamacare #MOSEN
Thanks for "sticking to your guns." Obamacare by any other name is still Obamacare!
He was a dentist and made millions on Medicare
Someone should tell @RandPaul that ObamaCare-Lite is better than 
ObamaCare-Heavy !!! It can always be modified later !!! Com'on Man....
as a sentient being, i've seen rand paul's 'medical' credentials up close and personal, and they're a wholly illegitimate fraud.
I agree with Paul but we will never get what he wants all at once. Baby steps or stuck with something much worse. No vote is a vote for ACA.
HEY LOOK AT THIS HE IS A #TERRORIST #STATETERRORIST #GOVERNMENTTERRORIST
But Sen. Paul, effect of your Graham Cassidy no vote may be that we will be stuck with Obamacare, maybe forever.  And it will need more $.
Are you @RandPaul a  real board certified doctor?  Paul you are not a certified ophthalmologist by the American Board of Medical Specialties
You should figure out a way to get 60 votes for repeal or vote for the best that can be done.
Rand Paul's only concern is not spending govt money on health care.

He said nothing about covering the greatest amount of people.
The eternal talking head that is eternally saying no.
then stop talking and do something about it you had 7 years and still you complain but do nothing
You're a politician now bub. Physician is long in your past.
Sounds like a good plan, why don't the Senate take a close look?  I don't trust Lindsey G.
It doesn't matter that he is opposed 2 the bill 2day.  He will still vote for it when the time comes
All I can tell you is my bill went up from$580 to $1,100. I no longer have a coverage b/c I can't afforded it. So, don't tell me OC is good.
Then give us back the free market for healthcare and help ONLY those who need it. The high costs of Obamacare sucks for the middle class!!
Start
the CHANT..OBAMACARE https://youtu.be/uF9p2B7ES5A  OBAMACARE SUCKS U'LL B
HEARING FROM US WE R THE PEOPLE FROM THE USA
This clown is on every show he can get on whining about coworkers in the Republican Party. With Republicans like him who needs Democrats?
Go back to being a physician, as a physician you should know anything is better then Ocare or 1 payer!State by state can make changes later
If you want it gone then vote to do so

Ok the Dr. Paul please tell us about the last procedure you performed as a physician... I’ll wait 
You're an AH with a freaky hairdo.
Repeal ACA. Feds shouldn't be involved in health insurance. And Please support change AS LONG AS WE NEVER HAVE SOCIALIZED MEDICINE! EVER.
I will forgive any Senator who votes yes,as long as it keeps socialized medicine away from this country now & forever.NO SOCIALIZED MEDICINE
Well then let's start w/wiping out parts of it. Instead of leaving all of it in place..
Senator Rand Paul; you say that you were sent to vote to repeal and replace ‘Obama-a-Care’!
Were you sent, NOT to Vote against IT ?
When you don't pay for your health care it's really easy to have an opinion and do nothing.
Trump is right he is a negative force ! More ego then brain ! And for sure not a team player ! New plan not perfect but a start to better !
Agreed!
Mr Paul! As Ronald Reagan said, I would rather have 80% than none. Let's take the first step. This is your last chance! Thank yiu.
@RandPaul you haven't held a certification to practice medicine by any recognized board in the State of KY since 2005 before ACA existed.
Why Randy???? Because it doesn't allow you to enrich yourself and treat less well off patients...??? Btw I thought you were a politician?
As a patient, it saved my life
And prescription drugs when prices are oulandish. I don't understand you people in the ivory tower.
Well Doctor Paul, you are not the patient who needs healthcare w/o a means to pay for it. Drop around an FQHC while they still exist.
If you're pro-life why would you & your colleagues vote for a bill that doesn't require pregnancy, new born coverage. ASHAMED of every one.
I trust you, but there is nothing else to present,  What are we supposed to do?
Furthermore I guarantee you without Obamacare I willbe at the ER every time I fucking sneeze
 Same tired rhetoric w your holier-than-thou attitude! Tweek Graham-Cassidy but don't leave US w OCare while Congress gets an exemption! 
Then vote for #RepealAndReplace .  Eventhough it is not perfect further changes can then be made on a bipartisan basis.
@RandPaul so you are going to prefer the outcome of 32 Million without insurance better?!
Senator Paul, we can't handle another double premium cost hike for 2017-18, for MediCARE.
Stop talking and repeal Obamacare. If you mess this up
Rand Paul is correct.
YES!
He hates every part of it because it stops medical and pharmaceutical companies from charging a arm and leg

What do patients think?
O please
I can't understand why @BillCassidy is pushing government run healthcare when we want a #FullRepeal. Never voting for him again!!
I'm tired of Rand Paul just talking. It's time to get something done now. Chop Chop Rand!
Get in there they have a base fix it. The gov will not ever give up its role but at least giving to states can be next best thing
We do to!!!
Where does Obamacare defund PP, eliminate mandate,allow catastrophic plans over 30, allow abortion only in cases of rape or life risk? #MAGA
Senator.  With all due respect (and I mean that), we need to see your alternative.
So does mostly everyone else
Me too 
Apeal it all 
Not just half a.....s
Also, seen Senate with same eyes
What do you hate about it? People getting health care they otherwise wouldn’t have? People not dying? Not going bankrupt from medical bills?
So @RandPaul couldn't make it as a physician so he became senator for a free ride on the tax payers dime.
You guys hate Anything that  helps others and doesn't enrich yourselves yes we know that already! Hope your Russian bots can vote for ya!
OC is terrible! Too bad Rand's market choice plan got nowhere! It was total R&R. Get rid of all the $$$regs!
It "Got nowhere" because of RINOS and Bloated Commie care lobbyists. Vote better and get clean repeal.
The Movement 100% agrees with Rand Paul. 
@POTUS @BreitbartNews @MichaelCohen212 @JaySekulow @LouDobbs @seanhannity @SenateGOP  @SpeakerRyan
Right Rand.  You're an eye doctor
U need to vote yes for we the ppl that why no one voted for u for president guess u didn't get the message but we will vote u out
As a patient you have exclusive health care.The GrahamCassidy Ins Prop.will take insurnce from 3 million ppl who won't get to see any doctor
U guys ran on repeal&REPLACE.I believed U. Stop trying repeal w/o REPLACE. WE DONT WANT MORE CHOICE. WE WANT BTR. HEALTH CARE FOR OUR MONEY!

I totally agree with Senator Paul...this is not even close to being a repeal.
Stand strong and vote (((NO))) on #GrahamCassidyBill !!! #Medicaid #DisabilityRights
