#GrahamCassidy keeps Obamacare and redistributes money from dem states to republican states.
Do you not understand that even the middle class now struggles to afford health care and health insurance?
Teacher salary: $56K gross annually. Family health insurance policy: $12K annually. Add the actual out if pocket costs to that $12K.
Both parents have to work in order to afford the family health care costs (writ large - insurance AND out of pocket).
You have many awesome ideas Senator Paul!!! Just keep at it!!! I like your thoughts & your style!!!
Please explain how in any sense this disaster of a bill #NoGrahamCassidy emulates #ACA
Sure mate. The bill leaves most of the provisions of Obamacare intact. Only difference is that the bill gives more control to the states
I see... where "most" and "intact" become "cut" and "phased out". #noGrahamCassidy

The main reason healthcare costs are so high is because the government is involved.
Not because the government is involved there not involved enough that's the problem..they need to control the insurance more ..
Retweeting stupid.
Just because the pass President is a black man bottom line
were is trump plans .. remember he said he had one for everyone ? ..
and it's been 9 years all most and you all still can't come up with any
Knock it off...you're getting nothing done!  Stand with your fellow Senators to get rid of ObamaCare!!!
better then hurting others and tell us the CBO is wrong don't believe it then you use it for other things if it's in your favor .
If you like obumma care your not on it.
Not to mention the many conservatives who live in blue states get thrown under the bus
HELL NO... #RepealObamaCare #TotalRepeal
A Dr. That goes into politics probably suck at both
Total repeal take the government out of healthcare
GET PEOPLE WHO THINK LIKE YOU OUT OF OUR GOVERNMENT!!!
You position wouldn't have anything to do with the fact that your healthcare is paid for by U.S. taxpayers, now would it?
Haaa ha ha ha ha!
Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha!
Too funny!
SO don't use Obama mistakes about how we can keep our insurance and Drs it's getting old and that's the best you can do like the last 8 year
I'll keep my Obamacare, at least until we get universal single payer, and I'll lose your bullshit libertarian "freedom"
Plenty of countries out there offering single payer already. Why not explore your options and leave US alone?
Spoken like a man who's healthcare is funded by taxpayers
#Hypocrite
Why do we the people pay you guys to do nothing ? But you a good Christian HA ha
GET THE GOVERNMENT OUT OF OUR HEALTHCARE! 
PLEASE!!!!
Hey, could we move forward.  & could you help a little rather than hinder moving O'care out of our lives.  Attack Bernie the commie.
No thanks. I have an irs  bill because of Obama care and I am retired and getting social security. No illegal coverage. It would bankrupt us
Have you actually sat down and talked with @BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC @RickSantorum or are you just spouting off?
Didn’t you talk this shit the last time around and end up voting FOR the repeal effort?  Go home.
What government do you work for by the way???  Ever heard of Govenment by The People, Of The People, For The People??!!
And by the way, the answer is not less Government spending.  It's Righteous, Godly, Conscientous Government spending.
I'll give you a hint.  Just extend Medicare to every American.  Give us all cards.  You see, how hard was that???!!!
And you.  You should be hard at work trying to figure out America's Universal Healthcare System.  Not tearing stuff up with no solution.
What are you trying to accomplish, Senator?  Your objection seems unfounded.
but, they couldn't repeal so what is the options?
Just have a Healthcare Bill for Americans. Don't worry about illegals, undocumented, visitors and the refugees.No COVERAGE.
#StandWithRand.  No thanks on #GrahamCassidy
Americans deserve a hellueva lot more than what we are paying for. You need to audit the fed because they have no clue what they are doing!!
I did not want Obamacare to begin with. Please tell me why repeal is so hard.
. get over yourself & compromise: We need to start over.
I'm with you Rand , full Repeal!!!
Since GOP dropped the ball we have to keep our obamacare. We didn't get to opt out like congress
We've already got stuck with it, hard liners in @gop have made sure of it. You're being like Obama, my way or no way
Free market in health care is inhumane. We are not talking about a can of beans but people's lives.
Republicans had 8 years to come with something better than to be improvising now. I want to hear what's a real alternative.
If you like your elected officials, you can keep them, NO THANKS. Worthless incumbent liars. #reelectnoone
Yet, you can't seem capable to get rid of it. The in-fighting must end & Republicans work together or nothing gets accomplished.
Please project your alternative!  You're willing to throw millions of people to the wolves?
I don't like my Obama care.
You are a slow learner. Stop grandstanding.
We need more guys like this in the senate.
No we need to standardize not socialize. Get medial team to assist. RN auditor for 10 yrs RN ER for 25 ask real people who know in medical
What is wrong with Graham Cassidy. They know most people want to get rid of Obamacare not keep it!!!
It repeals the individual and employer mandate! Pass this law then keep fighting for for full repeal!! It's better than ObamaCare!!Please!!
True, get rid of the individual mandate! Come on! What the hell are you waiting for rand Paul? To get voted out?
No problem Senator, give us medicare for all.
LOL than why does Congress keep exempting themselves from losing ACA?   Dude ... pick a side and be all in ... you can't have it both ways
How about Tricare? NO, I'm being forced to take Medicare and premiums triple. 23 yr veteran screwed again.
get him!!! we dont want ACA period!
What ideas over the ages have you provided to IMPROVE #healthcare and outcomes? All show no go! FIX #ACA!
Rand Paul if you had anything better in healthcare ;you've had eight years to help Americans, you haven't, so keep your mouth shut.
Get something done
We need health care, similar as pets do. Without sales pitches that vaccines are more often than needed...
Gov't will NEVER give you a lower cost system for anything!

#ACA is a tax on working Americans...
Well John McCain must like it.  Oh silly me, he doesn't have it but wants it for the rest of use.
We need to only let wealthy get medical care , give wealthy tax  loopholes to help them buy insurance then pass it onto middle class
Give em hell Mr. Paul.
This is absurd.  People tune you out Senator.  7 years and counting.  Be honest you don't want government funded healthcare at all.Correct ?
@RandPaul  we're with you.  Please 100% repeal Obamacare. No replacements allowed
#FULLREPEAL
It's more like "if you don't like your Obama Care, you're forced to keep it anyway".

Rand, we're counting on your no vote. Don't lose the courage of ur convictions. Stand up 2 the bullies & vote no on G-Cassidy. #killthatbill
No thanks on #Trumpcare
Quit whining & being part of the problem... propose something all #GOP can get on board with...Show some leadership...keep your promise!
Exactly
Congress at least has reached a point of do nothing clarity. Talk, promise,  get elected, then sit on haunches until next election.
I don't think our leadership in the Senate and House want to get rid of it.
More like what GOPled Congress is offering-obfuscate,stall&do nothing.  If you like your swamp, Congress intends to make sure you keep it.
It repeals the individual mandate! Sales pitch to a libertarian: start reading, making sense and doing something
Omg, you are such a picky little twerp
Was thinking the same thing about my Senator.......you're my senator
Then don't keep it. There are thousands who need health coverage. #wishhewasmorelikehisdad
Would you agree that ObamaCare is Unconstitutional.
Would your agree that Health Insurance is price fixing & illegal?
U don't like Obamacare nor #MedicareForAll , why don't u suggest a plan u think would work. Bring something 2the table dude. We pay u 2work.
Todd, u just don't get it. Let states decide & guess what happens? If Red states get freedom to repeal and they do, everyone will want that.
Why does something @SenSanders considers a "right" equate to the taxpayers picking up the check?
I'm with you on this Senator !
Then present your bill, where is it. Don't whine fix it
so by voting no on this bill we're not going to be keeping Obamacare? or what are you accomplishing?
Better than the current non-plan that'd screw those on Medicare. No thanks 
Ever think about Repairing the ACA rather than Replacing as the Republican Party fucked it up in the 1st place
You're incapable of any form of compromise even at the risk of sending us into a single payer abyss.
Well it's fine being a purest if you don't care about getting anything done.
Who gives a damn what you say?
You don't have it so how can you speak for customers?
Keeping mine
Then again you're the guy that self-certified with a made up ophthalmology board you yourself created. So. Grain of salt.
I am grateful for Obamacare when I needed it. With a history of heart disease I was unable to get coverage any where else
Wtf?  Yes please.  Will help my state A LOT.
It was Rep plan b4 Obama liked it. Take it back and remove sabotage to provide a healthy, reliable workforce for job creators.
King of gridlock
U have it though
you all should be voted out for not caring about the health of the American people
Because poor people and elderly deserve no healthcare, right? #Trumpcaredeathsquads
Stay strong!  We want a full repeal of O care. Free markets
Another poor bill, that does not deserve a single vote.  What a waste graham is..
Rand Paul: We'd rather you die instead.
Why can't we have the same healthcare you all have

I'm okay with them keeping their Obamacare as long as I don't have to.
I love my ObamaCare, @RandPaul - it saved this breast cancer survivor's life last year.
Mandate all Congress to have Obamacare, It's only fair.
Exactly! McCain gave Vets so much crap for complaining about VA Care. Did he go there for treatment? Nope!
Hey rand u have done nothing to advance the presidents agenda so shove ur righteous bs and do ur job!!
Just as soon as ALL elected officials and Government employees sign up ... So will I
What is your plan? Go back to pre- 2008 when middle class frequently went bankrupt with medical bills?
Those trying to straddle the fence make both sides angry.
I would like a free marketplace in healthcare,especially basic.Sometimes you see a doctor for simple 20min visit & the cost is $200-$300

Yep. Over and over. You go. Now we elected a man for change. Get with it or get out. That's how fed up with GOP we are.
You know what sir. Y'all are like a vinyl record. You go round and round and round. Then you get to the end and go over it again
Obama Care must go!
#Cannabis Legalization on a federal level, the reason you were elected ... Get to it #Aquabuddha, enough of the #hypocrisy
#GrahamCassidy does chip away at the awful centralized power of #Obamacare.  Take a little improvement now and work to continue to improve.
Your social skills could use a little work.
Rand Paul? I still don't get what he does for a living. He talks a lot, but really seems to have no relevance.
Not buying it . You are one loyalty lunch away from saying yes.
The ACA works for me and my family, Senator.
Lindsay Graham did mctraitor McCain give you your talking points?  Your way or status quo? Not much better.
SINGLE PAYER! SINGLE PAYER! SINGLE PAYER! SINGLE PAYER! SINGLE PAYER! SINGLE PAYER! SINGLE PAYER!.........................FOR ALL AMERICANS!
I'm old enough to remember when Sen. Paul wanted to repeal/replace simultaneously
How about you and the rest of congress do something about the health care system instead of bemoaning it on Twitter?
Respectfully, your unwillingness to budge is driving healthcare more to the Left than the Right. You are making it worse not better. JS.
How about supporting Single Payer (Medicare for all) and level the playing field Doctor?
You could do a great thing by cosponsoring Sanders
Who will pay for it? The below replacement level kids being born here? They want illegals on it too.
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL
Why would you not want to keep health insurance when you can get no where else at an affordable price?
A little more Obamacare, and America will be finished.
#FullRepeal already!!!! #ReplaceMcConnell already!!!!
Do you enjoy your taxpayer funded healthcare?? I sure did when I worked at the VA.  It was excellent.
You don't speak for most Americans. You are of course great with millions of Americans lose insurance. #SaveACA @Karoli
I'd like to keep private insurance market and also allow people to buy into Medicare, if they don't otherwise have insurance.
Americans won't tolerate being told what to put on their pizza.

So have you ever thought about why they tolerate being told this nonsense?
What if we hate obamacare? Will we have to keep that too?
I like my Obamacare would like to keep it.
You must be young , with good job and never sick so have no idea what you will get when you need it. LOL
No most likely sick all the time and highly subsidized
If you like your obama care we'll force everyone pay for your obamacare
Gov. Bevin apparently sees merit in the plan.It is time to do this, as the party promised. Work with them on #GCHJ
You don't speak for the 40 million Americans who will lose their health care. You won't, so why should you care?
You have no better offer than Obamacare. You can't cover as many people and with some fixing, prices could come down. Fix ACA now.
I'd like my #HSA compliant health plan back that had a lower deductible vs my now higher deductible non HSA plan.....
Do something then !
What is wrong with these people?
Give up your government provided healthcare then. Disingenuous nazi-hugger.
NO thanks
Mr. Paul, you have the best GOV health care for rest of your life. It works for U y not us. Where is your humanity?
To Rand Paul, you nothing to help the people of the United State but WINE. Why won't you do your job and find a good  healthcare help plan.
I agree, but as a conservative, I'm willing to let the states make those decisions for themselves. Why do you want to impose DC on them?
President Obama apologized many times for this error. Has Republicon party apologized for climate chg isn't real, trickle down works?
Get em Rand. Or Paul, or whatever people say to you.
lol I couldn't even afford catastrophic coverage under the ACA. I'd rather have an  affordable option that covers more than a catastrophe..
Fix it or repeal it. Tax reform. Travel ban. BUILD THE WALL!!!!!  Get it done, or get out of office.
I'm fine with him getting out of office and taking the rest of the right wing with him
Keeping Obamacare is going to be the end result anyway because you guys can’t pass anything.
I don't like it.  BCBSNC just cancelled my grandfathered HSA plan for 2018 and they're only insurer left writing individual policies in NC.
If some people like their Obamacare and pay for it themselves, then why not? Am I missing something?
Rand Paul makes no sense nutty
Bs I have a friend with a rare cancer that relies on aca. If you take his call he'll be happy to talk with you
The giant leap from Ocare will never happen. Small steps, hack away at Ocare one swing at a time. Holding out for a perfect bill is a loser
> @RandPaul I'm just not sure how going to elect 50 more little Rand Paul's to the Senate. Compromise is going to be necessary.
Try 70. Already have 52 GOP and can't get 50 on board for a skinny repeal.
Just RepealACA we are sick of being ripped off
What?  Why not let the Left coast prove how bad their own plans are?  Especially if that gives us the freedom to do better in KY!
Lmao Kentucky, you actually think it is better than liberal states
But this one is "committed to Jesus."  
They can have it. Easy for them since they have best healthcare taxpayers can buy for them. #usefulidiots
Considering the GOP sales pitch is quite literally "Fuck you sick people" I'd say the above pitch is pretty effective by comparison.
Repeal ACA and replace with #MedicareForAll. If it's good enough for you, Senator Paul, it's good enough for us.
Never! Single payer healthcare system sucks
#AskABrit how they feel about the NHS and whether or not they'd rather come to America for checkups and routine care/surgery.
My x is British & we lived in UK 4 years! I know well how we feel about it! NHS and taxes is why we moved back to US. Quit drinking Koolaid
Go live there yourself. You know NOTHING about single payer healthcare system till you do!
Single pay healthcare is our future Enough of your obstruction Plenty of areas where the budget can be cut Start with corporate welfare
#GrahamCassidy Aren't REQUIRED to purchase #schmobamacare.
Better to pay higher insurance to pay for the uninsured who wind up at the ER or don't pay their hospital bills?
STATES MOST DEPENDENT ON FEDERAL GRANTS ALLOCATIONS PER YEAR : REGIONALLY, SECTIONALLY....AS GRANTS DEPLETE...?
#repeal
TOTAL NURSING HOMES IN US 2 MILLION
TOTAL 65 AND OLDER POP 2050  75-80 MILLION 
EH..CARE TO ADD THIS TO THE BREWSKY STIR
HALF AS LESS DOCTORS..DEMANDING TWICE AS MUCH PAY COMIN UP SOON: MAYBE ADD TO FORMULA 41 W THE HARLAY PARLAY SIR
MEDICAL SCHOOL IS $400,000 PLUS..THE NUMBER OF ALL DOCSGRAD PER YEAR IS 18000 OR SO ON AVG...DEPLETION...THESE BOYS AND GIRLS WILL WANT TOP$
Put up a bill to repeal and replace!!  Its so simple...you guys have to have a plan, right?
NO SALES PITCH..THE NUMBER OF DOCTORS IN THE US IS ABOUT 850,000...OVER 70% ARE AGES 55 OR OLDER..THE NUMB DOCS RETIRING SOON, 350,000 PLUS
put tarrifs on china now to stop north korea,  its the only option
Even if you don't 'like' the ACA it provides insurance to millions of Americans
And it made it unusable to millions more.
False narrative...unless of course you have FACTS to support your claim
Would facts curb your extreme hatred? Definitely not so you keep hating. It's all good.
"extreme hatred" in Trump world....is a cancer advocate who advocates for cancer patients...try again lady
Oh please.  Carry on with your whining.
Anyone who actually likes their obamacare could potentially qualify for Medicaid. Use Medicaid as the fallback for the uninsurable. Repeal!
