
You keep sending this meme like it's an accurate representation. Show a clump of cells instead.
there is no clump of cells.  It's a baby,  human life.
Nope, not at that point. It has the potential to become such.
so it's not life?  You think life comes from non life?  How unscientific of you
Lol, Nope. But, since this is so important to you, start a campaign for men to practice abstinence .
everyone not married should be abstinate
I don't think the words "small government" mean what you think they do. #HerBodyHerChoice

Cute, another #whiteman who thinks he knows what's best for #women

His reasoning? He gets his #facts from #memes 

#sad
identity politics are over
Great! That's great to hear!!! How do you feel about a transgender woman (a woman born with a penis) sharing a bathroom with your daughter?
#strawman.
Mr. Paul you are a smart guy, and on a lot of things I agree with you and your policies, but you need to leave the abortion topic alone
why are you for murdering  children?
Well they aren't children... So
so you failed biology
No @tgnoble , you failed biology. You're also failing this argument. #theanswersarentingenesis
if it's not a human what is it? Is it a cat or  dog?
It's a fetus, and that is what bio tells us.
and a fetus literally means offspring in Latin.  It's a child.  Biology confirms this fact
thought you loved "individual liberty" but i guess that doesn't extend to bodily autonomy
maybe u should adopt all of the new to be babies . MR.so called Christian
You are only pro-birth. You do not support education, healthcare and other services needed by all children.
Where you getting @RandPaul doesn't care about edu, health care, etc? A gov't program doesn't have to exist to make better
He just voted yes on DeVos, pretty big indicator he doesn't care about education.
@BetsyDeVos wants to battle unions that protects bad teachers. You don't like crappy teachers, do you?
If you support life, do you support the lives of Syrian refugees who are facing death?
Who pays for all these children if they are born? Many women, many circumstances. The poor, the abused, the raped.
He could care less about "them". He an affluent white guy with the best tax payer provided healthcare! #hypocrite
I love how you're all about smaller government, but you don't mind concerning yourself with every woman's uterus in our nation.
Stop trying to force your beliefs on all of us. Stop trying to pass these unconstitutional laws.
, the constitution explicitly protects life I hate 2 tell u. What if it's a 2yr old, it's yours, ur right 2kill?
Troll elsewhere.
So a fertilized egg deserves more rights  than a living, breathing refugee? You are a hypocrite.
wanted to leave you a voicemail since you are one of my Senators. Voice mail was full (has been for most of the week)
finally a president who believes in life at conception!
The women who are already living deserve your protection first. Honor them by protecting their right to choose.
What you SHOULD be doing is passing laws making legality of abortion fall to the purview of the states, not the Federal Government.
Yessir!
No, life begins when the woman is ready to be a parent. It's her choice.
Cool. I'll ask my reps to introduce the no ejaculation act. Because It takes 2. Stay out of my repro system. cc: @LadyPJustice
The problem with your argument is that the father has no say.  He cannot stop a woman from aborting his baby.
He has a say when he chooses unprotected sex. After that, it's not his body and not his choice!
I hate abortion but can't support government intervention on a woman's choice
It's not a 'womens' issue. It's murdering another human.
Fantastic and well done, sir.

a cartoon is not a baby, an egg just fertilized by a sperm is not a baby, you are a baby 
Looks loke he is out of arguments.
Anything else?
FYI - Pro Choice is not pro abortion. It's anti-oppression #MyBodyMyChoice  #ProChoice
Before someone can get pregnant they make a series of choices.
wow I didn't know you could CHOOSE to get raped! Groundbreaking!
Not too bright are you?
I go to a top 30 school in the US and work on solar-cell research

you run a racist twitter acct lmao
And yet look at your level of ignorance. Grow up son and get back to me.
i thought you were against big government Rand
expands federal oversight and regulation into the personal life of every american
He goes around touting his libertarianism, then supports legislation to expand the power of the fedgov in ones life
he claims to support the government being out of ones personal life, then supports legislation that does just that
if that isn't hypocritical, then i dont know what else is
Stay out of woman's beaver dude.
Wait. Aren't you a #libertarian and don't libertarians believe in less government control, not more?
You are no Libertarian.
this isn't very libertarian imho.  Woman is carrying, woman has ssn, woman deserves body autonomy. #MarchForLife #ENDTHEFED

President Donald Trump: Make Money Great Again! - Sign the Petition! http://ln.is/www.change.org/p/JiBbf … #AuditTheFed #EndTheFed #GlassSteagall
Stop denying science & pushing religion on others. Not American values, & we all know it. Voters won't forget. Do the right thing
separate church from state. NO DEVOS Follow constitution DO NOT MODIFY MY CONSTITUTION wking for 200 years
@Varidienne @RandPaul
.@RandPaul let's go further. Let's ban masturbating. LIFE BEGINS IN THE TESTICLES. CISMEN, DON'T JACK OFF THAT'S MURDER.
Nobody is dismembering the sperm,it'd live til natural death but don't masturbate for many other reasons
no! How about that! Separation of church and state
there is no separation of church and state
You know who else believes that...leaders in the Middle East. 
"life at conception" is a belief though. Wonder what our founders said about religions' place in governement..
it's a belief in human biology, and really doesn't have to have any basis in religion. http://www.secularprolife.org 
I appreciate the inclusion of secularism, but it is flawed in that there is no scientific consensus. 1/2
seriously, you can't do that and then take away food from them. What about kids raped by family, fathers, you are not thinking.
except for refugees right, and all those about to lose life-saving health insurance...
Puke.
I thought you believed in small government? Stay out of women's health choices.
2) living human being inside your womb.
Independent? Hardly.
Separate heart beat, DNA strand, etc. Again, you don't need the child to live or function. Therefore, it's not your body.
A fetus needs a host. You can't force motherhood. You have ZERO standing in this, as it will never be your life.
very simple if you don't want motherhood don't fuck
Wow! Thanks! It's so simple! 
if y'all push the dems too far they gonna destroy the 2nd when they get the house back so don't fuck up my 2nd amendment right!
We're already gonna take it. Fair trade for unleashing @realDonaldTrump on the world.
out of my cold dead hands chumpskis
Good one! Come up with that yourself?

#thinkingishard
ouch your soooo mean hahaha
I'm actually pro-gun. I think there should be standards. For instance, knowing the difference between "your" & "you're" and when to use them
again. You hurt my feelingshurt hurt soooo bad
It'll be OK, li'l #snowflake. @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will give you a safe space. All uneducated white men are given #safespaces now. #MAGA
disgusting
an odd position for a libertarian
How so? Do libertarians believe it's ok to choose to kill?
4).. should certainly do, out of respect for human life.
you should be ashamed to call your self a libertarian while attempt to take away Liberty from desperate women.
bad science Paul.
I wonder what provision is being made for the babies that will be born as a result of the lack of proper birth control we efforts.
why? Do you really believe that? Do you think.women should be enslaved to any man that rapes her? Or her husband who beats her?
Life is more than conception: Healthcare 4 all, educ, jobs - raise min wage, anti-war, pensions, Medicare & Veteran care.
What about all those Green Card holders? Who will speak for them when the CBP are IGNORING a judge's ruling?
I'm so sorry, Senator, the what Act?
Let's also protect our children after they're born TOO! Please do NOT cut SNAP, HC & do NOT let DeVos get Confirmed! #Unqualified
How do u square ur libertarian values with ur willingness to write laws that give the federal govt control over a woman’s body?
voting #NotoDeVos aligns with your concern of giving voice to the voiceless! Like the 50.4million children in public schools
Really?  More government control. Not very libertarian.
What about doing a Women's Choice Protection Act so that women can make their own damn choices free of government interference?
so much for being a libertarian
I'm with you if we work together to limit number of conceptions by providing free prescription birth control to all women 18-25
If you are pre born, you're protected, if you're pre school you;re fucked is that it Mr Paul? I would have though you better.
It seems like if they are not, this march for "life" is nothing more than the hypocritical bullshit it has always been and will be
What about children who are emotionally or verbally abuse, you know. "soul murder" are they included in this too or not?
What about the children living in poverty that your party wants to cut funds to, are they not worthy of the attention of people?
Really? Did they march for the millions of abused children who can't speak? Do their lives matter or count?
Avowed LENINIST Steve Bannon using Trump to overthrow the Government & Destroy the Press. Shame on U! Republicans-U OWN THIS NOW!
BANNON-AVOWED 'LENINIST' THE ARCHITECT OF UN-AMERICAN POLICIES-BANNON IS BEHIND MUSLIM BAN. NOW HE'S NATIONAL SEC COUNCIL!
You're 'pro life' but you don't care about the lives of the poor innocent refugees-And STEVE BANNON -NATIONAL SEC COUNCIL? INSANE!
When are you going to step up and speak out about the immigrant ban?
Protect the unborn by gagging drs overseas and watch kids die while we ban refugees. #hypocrisy #notchristian
so you want the government to make the decision for women? So, you are no longer a Libertarian.
Thank you for reintroducing the Life at Conception Act. I pray it will pass. If so, we may yet be spared God's wrath for a time.
what about the lives of refugees? They don't matter as much as unborn? Why are u silent about this ban?
do you think refugees are human too?  Or just embryos?  Speak out against the Muslim ban.  Be consistent if nothing else.
where is your statement on the unconstitutional EO on immigration Rand?
@NYACC1978 THANK YOU, @RandPaul !!!
Thank you for being a leader America needs. You are what Washington needs.
Meanwhile, millions march to protest @realDonaldTrump message toward women; Repubs like @RandPaul ignore or discredit it. Way to go Senator!
reintro bathtub abortions and trash can babies. ever rescued a crack baby from a dumpster? I have!
: nice of you to care for zygotes and fetuses but what about the women & children who were just denied safe harbor? #NoBanNoWall
oh really but silent about refugees how pro life are you
are u just pro unborn life? What about being pro immigrant life, pro refugee life? #NoBanNoWall
And I will march with women to stop you! Separation of church & state. Read the Constitution & get out of my body!
Limited government amirite?
you are not representing many of your constituents. Am watching your actions
You're better than this, please don't. This is such a grey area but a fetus cannot survive until at least 24 weeks
By all means stand up for unborn children.  BUT ALSO STAND UP FOR THE BORN ONES AS WELL!  #NoBanNoWall
Thank you for standing up for the life of the unborn.  They are our future generation.
no comment on the Muslim ban? All this libertarian and constitutional purist was bullshit I see?
Stop Bannon from overthrowing our government!! It's his stated goal!  This is treason!!
and the lives of the refugee children?
but nothing on people legally here being detained.  Someone needs to read his constitution
start talking about the MEN's responsibility. Women don't get spontaneously pregnant. Why are men's bodies not being governed?
and what are you doing about lives of refugees?
what about rape, maternal life issues, oh and will the man who impregnates be accountable?
How about you don't tell women what to do with their bodies and worry about the lives being ruined by Trumps uneducated policies.
WHERE ARE YOU @RandPaul ON TRUMP's OUTRIGHT ABUSE OF EOs? so Justin Amash stands alone on his overreach, including the #MuslimBan?
Thousands #MarchforLife to give voice to those who can't speak & ask leaders to honor them. This week I reintro the Life at Conception Act.
so.. your twitter bio says you are for Indiv liberty and freedom- hmm I think that needs updating to add- BUT not for women!
Please fight for the people in Kentucky. Fight for us who depend on the ACA. Come talk to us.
Approximately 440000 marched for the right to choose. No government regulations on my body.
Does life end the moment you pick a religion other than Trumps?  Or are we still allowed to have free thought in America.
Please show the same reverence for the lives of Muslim refugee families resettled in YOUR state!
Really? What about the woman who has to carry the embargo#righttolifeforwomen
Something like what you propose should be done be the church not a politician
wants a government small enough to fit into a woman's vagina. How do you support government intervention on religious grounds?
Great job senator Rand Paul
Unless you're a Muslim, right? Until you speak in favor of all life and oppose the #MuslimBan, your morality is hollow. GOPCowards
I am happy for the March and glad it got TV coverage.  I was raised RC & I hear the message but I have 2 give all a choice.
quit congratulating yourself on protecting lives and upholding values while you allow this dangerous exec overreach. DO YOUR JOB!
Speak for  them after they are born as well.
ban abortion and you turn ordinary women into criminals and put their lives at risk. Shame on you
What about the lives of refugee women & children. I guess those lives don't matter much in a #Trump world. #NoMuslimBan
They are marching in support of birth.  If you and they supported life we would not still be at war after 18years. Hypocrites.
GOOD.
Thank God for Rand Paul
stay away from our bodies! Millions are for the rights of women. You should be too.
Don't tread on my rights as a woman to choose what happens to my body.  I'm a Kentuckian who votes. #resist
until you knock up a secretary and try to convince her to get rid of it for the better good of the US
Perhaps you can answer this: for a party so focused on life, how come so many Republicans are dead inside? #WhereItTrulyMatters
You are hard to fathom.
but once they've made it out of the womb they're not worth protecting #muslimban
your a hypocrite for being a libertarian and taking away women's rights.
On top of that, they're blocking Iraqi interpreters that worked with the US military.
Meanwhile, you're allowing Trump to block Syrian women and children from entering the country.
to continue this logical thought you need to come out against capital punishment as all life is precious. S
Will you also regulate how women eat, sleep, manage stress and get prenatal care?
just don't.
Any women lawmakers help you craft the proposed legislation? Serious question - want to learn more.
Thank you for your service
hey are you Mr Constitution?  Step up and fight for it. Trump is shredding it
stay away from ACA your not good at that. Your plan kills Americans.
keep religion out of politics. This law was decided over 40 yrs. ago.
@KyWhitney What about the lives of the many refugees who we are turning away bc of Trump? Do their lives not matter?
but I believe we should protect the environment where those unborn kids will live #climatechange
United States is becoming a country run by religious zealots. Ya know, cause that's worked out so well throughout history.
Hundreds of thousands oppose anti-abortionists.
stop trying to interfere with women's bodies. Abortion is needed in so many circumstances. Do not make it harder. So shortsighted!
So disappointed in you. I thought you believed in freedom and in choice. My body my choice, remember that?
an abortion ban does not stop abortions, it stops SAFE abortions. #mybodymychoice
thank you
Thank you Senator Paul
Abortion bans that increase both abortion rates and maternal deaths are not pro-life; they're a political sham. Shame on you.
I feel like Ayn Rand would be pro-abortion...literally, in favor of abortions.
Really??? Then we shall send all unwanted pregnancies to you Sir!!
keep fighting the good fight Doc.
do you support the Muslim ban?
i just lost all the respect i had for you.
Thank you!
thank you  for reintroducing the Act
Honest - late at night laying in bed , and we all do; do you dream of anti-abortion or anti, anti......
Simple question Mister. Have you cramped up every month ? Have you been breastfeeding?  Tell me how women are separate citizens
My Caliph friends tell me they will destroy us WMF - One Brownie at a time..
Dr this crazy denial of simple science is wack . It beggars logic.
I am reading Tyermans book about the Crusades- please read.
CONTRACEPTION  could end abortions without legalizing invasion of women's bodies!
By conception does this prevent women from having birth control to prevent implantation? What happened to the right to choose?
Amen
If men could get pregnant you'd be able to pick up an abortion pill at a drive-through liquor store. #115GOP #115Congress #MYBODY
as your father pointed out, this is a state issue. Stick w the facts please
what about woman's Rights to decide .. let them decide ur healthcare if u want there's
please don't let @Canada & @kevinolearytv balance a budget b4 we do! #BalancedBudget #TaxiationIsThief #MakeCanadaWonderfulAgain
are you marching for this life?  Challenge this Rand.  For any Christians, this is wrong
this week support planned Parenthood. They help women with great advice & choices before conceiving!
NO.
Do not take away a woman's ability to choose. This is oppressive Rand.
Life. Does. Not. Begin. At. Conception. #youknowthis
this is not respect for life. This is not compassion. This is madness, deliberate obfuscation of proven scientific fact.
Miscarriage already carries criminal penalties in several jurisdictions, what's stopping you from penalizing all women?
will we then criminalize women whose fertilized eggs don't successfully implant? Why not? When you move the line back, it's easy.
and Senator, as a medical doctor (and thus scientist) you KNOW life does not begin at conception by any medical standard.
small-government conservatives always seem to forget the "small government" part where women's rights are concerned.
To achieve that goal we need prayers!
Love you, and all that you do. I do hope that you'll run for office again in 2024! #IstillstandwithRand #randpaul2024
U  & Pro- Birth ppl don't CARE what happens after the child is born. How many foster children have u taken in or adopted??
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @POTUS Simply amend constitution clarifying Americans in the womb are also protected!  So simple.
no public school no assistance!! Shame on all of you and your kind. You selfish!!!
it's funny how rebulucans wants to protect a fetus, but once it's born, they want nothing with the infant, no health insurance
how about speaking out  against tariffs and big govt trump
Still waiting 4u2 introduce legislation that requires a man provide more than financial assistance "as he's able" for said "life"
this is a non-issue, move on
And will you give them healthcare,food,and a safe place to live, if needed? Or will you have already cut those funds?
Gotta admit... I love abortions. 7 Billion Humans in 2000 years is unnatural and unsustainable.
