I fought for you but you don't want to win! I DO! I trust TRUMP! I voted for TRUMP! #PASSTHEBILL
,They giving Trump hard time just like media BS ,I'll vote him in again
ME TOO! I've been a lifetime Repub. Tired of LOSING with them! They can't worknplay together! #TRUSTTRUMP
It's only on the President if he refused to sign a bill that is on his desk.
You do know there was no bill right?
I Understand the process...senate, recon etc....doesn't matter. Obamacare passed without a SINGLE Republican but Repubs can't do it WO Dems?
Dems had majorities in both house and senate plus White House for a brief period of time.thats how they did it
AND Repubs have ALL that now and CAN'T! Problem with this picture?
I believe it was the plan not to pass it. Let Obamacare fail. All on Democrats. Then Replubicans fix it.
meanwhile people still have to pay the friggin penalty for not having health insurance
#LETITGO#LETITFAIL
.@RandPaul @ericbolling @FoxNews  The @freedomcaucus is in line with @POTUS voters, NOT @SpeakerRyan 's "MyPlan" Ryancare  @realDonaldTrump
then why did Trump back this bill?!
I think Ryan, Priebus, Pence misled him
the president should be leading
"The Art of the Deal" ... he knows what he's doing.
I am wondering why you all were not able to get it done by now?  You've had 7 yrs!
me and you both. My confidence in Congress has fallen below negative. Doesnt matter if D or R.
.@ChrisSlawek @MarieTr5 @RandPaul he can't do it by himself with a damn democrat as president. Do you guys know how the system works?
They all said they had a plan - but couldn't get it done.  Now all of a sudden RP was to save it.
my great insurance has been gone since a week after ACA was forced down our throat in a midnight vote by dems
The more "Freebies" the government has.. the more fraud there will be!!
@BretBaier 
1st time I've ever agreed w/ @realmarkcuban 
Healthcare is a human right!
Review tax waste.
you say you want to repeal Obamacare. Then help President Trump with the anti Trump Republicans already
What if 30 Republicans don't like your plan?  Address that. Where r you going to get 8 Democrats to support.
* we don't need repeal we need a complete new health care system. Get everyday people to help redo a NEW health care.
No need to repeal -- fix the ACA -- why reinvent the wheel
@bFoxNews WHO REALLY CARES?
leave my healthcare alone! You have nothing to worry about as a privileged member of congress but we do.
Then make sure you have your act together and do your best to get this issue addressed. So far you have not
need gov out of healthcare business they can't hand anything else why should they have their hands in this
also what's ur views on the ten be executed in Arkansas
Sen, why don't, the Congress who work for us, do their job & fix a failed system. Knock it out together
it's just impossible to offer entitlements, and reduce our incredible 20 trillion debt, that's it
u liked ACA because u received subsidies, without them it's obscene. Entitlement costs killed it
ldlovebetherelive
So what is your great plan?  Put up or shut up... getting killed out here on premiums that cover nothing.
Go look at his site plan is posted
thank you
I have four sons that have growing families. They all work but have issues financing their health care.
Why do Repubs need to do anything with the ACA.  It's dying. Let the Dems deal with it.
America wants Congress to work together for better opportunities for all Americans. Cross lines talk
it amazes me the amount of people that dont know Rand Paul is in senate. Paul Ryan is speaker of the House.
I hope you can help us with a better plan to replace Obamacare.
the republicans can't work together they act like children especially the @freedomcaucus
thank you for standing firm vs. AHCA

I'm lower class and now have to keep my 6000 deductible. Thanks for looking out for me
It needs to be a simple govt alternative offering. Forget law, rights, etc. USPS or UPS? Yes? No?
we need a full repeal of ur barber. He must be stopped. 
I Rand Paul should be in charge of EVERYTHING
Your political posturing cost me dearly! Some of us needed relief yesterday! Not your life=not your problem!
@RandPaul will not get his chance. The #FreedomCaucus screwed the #GOP, voters & Americans sticking them with failed Obamacare forever
@classygal21 @ericbolling @FoxNews I love that you get it.
fake vote & fake bill by Rino Ryan
You should have discussed why we need an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia #IndependentCommission
A crushing, humiliating defeat for the Republicans, Trump and his feckless sycophants like you. Putin lover!
Deregulate HC let ObamaCare bomb. Take care of vets poor elderly. Send HC back to the states. Not Gov job.
@Sammie_Snickers @ericbolling @FoxNews you should have stood w:trump and never made him look foolish. You were voted in to repeal
why the hell would we listen to Rand Paul, the idiot is a Democrat. We will remember who fucked us!
EXCELLENT, SENATOR!!! GREAT JOB...THANK YOU!
Please do not give up on healthcare help give POTUS and Republican party a win Democrats are basking in republicans fail
maybe u snd democrats can work together
you had your chance go home.
I did. Great job Rand. You're a good man.
I think you wanted Trump and Ryan to fail.
GOP has only had 7 yrs to formulate a solid plan, get the work done and R&R the ACA or face the voters #MAGA
Free Market Insurance just like before ObumerCare
FULL REPEAL please
Stop bitching, and DO something about it FF sake!  Typical politician.
Is @NancyPelosi joining you two in the celebration as well?
Completely agree with your statements tonight.  Please continue the conversation to repeal n replace OC!
What are the dems going to say-"how dare you not repeal our crappy O-care?" O-care-lite = political suicide.
good job dr paul. You have great ideas now make it so!
Bet he won't ask abt your coverup of Congress getting small business Obamacare plans. Release the documents
you were there for the last seven years why didn't you do something before now. You're all losers
I tuned in, understand you are a disappointment! Sorry, #MAGA
Keep working to repeal & replace, cut taxes, work to help Trump.
love your ideas regarding buying power through groups such as AARP, solid.
Sir your bill was passed when GOP was out of power. 1st time at a real vote, Choke city
less talk.  Provide a solution.  Not a Trump failure just another example of congressional incompetence
Has today opened door for universal hc due to @freedomcaucus expecting the  moon and stars? NO $$ for ACA.
What if all people pay $50 premium with $100 deduct. Under 26 pays $25. Medcaid, exist conditions stay. Yay
I dont get US Senate care. Thanks to YOU, I still have ObamaCare. NOW what is your solution?
I HOPE THEY USE YOURS AFTER OBUMMER CARE FAILS!
What if Congress and senators and govt employees was mandated to purchase ACA Like all us Americans? Unfair
Senator Paul, I will ask you. Why are we not talking about cost of care at the hospital level? $25+ Tylenol.
it's too late. You've lost some of us and will lose more. You guys can't do the job.
the party doesn't work together. Dems are teaching you all how to do it. Take the lead and unite the party
I Hope the gop gets their butts in gear on health-care because another election cycle is nearing...
I like you more and more every day Mr. Paul!! Thanks for your efforts!!
Why can't Congress pass small healthcare bills? Such as selling insurance across state lines?
how about you people have a smart plan before you repeal anything. 7 years and no plan. #TermLimits
why don't you try fixing some of the things wrong with Affordable Care Act instead of getting rid of it
How about you talking about your failure to get re-elected.
Freedom Caucas is epic FAIL. Now nothing will change concerning health care..and moving on! Perfect!
Healthcare has outgrown the capacity of insurance companies to cover it. You'll never get there without single payor. Medicare for all!
oh yes and drug testing mandatory on any taxpayer funded plans.
This deplorable is glad the bill failed. I hope Paul Ryan steps down. He has always been anti-trump.
@J45553957J @ericbolling @FoxNews #RepealAndReplaceRepublicans 7 years to replace it. Now we replace you.
Name one bill scored by CBO, that CBO got correct.
It looks like Obama won today, Thanks to you and the meaningless CBO,
@jcfruhauf @ericbolling @FoxNews He works for Putin.
#StandWithRand
whatever happen today, I hope it's worth the wait to get this Obamacare replaced!
Please cover a way to get it thru the Senate with/without 8 Democrats, assuming no GOP defectors. @Serafinos @ericbolling @FoxNews
are you going to discuss the #GOP failure of #Trumpcare after having 7 years to come up with a plan! #fail
No way.  Tired of listening to all talk and no action Repubs.
@JudiLoera @ericbolling @FoxNews how can you get votes to repeal if democrats won't budge?
I'll be listening to a Paul I actually trust
you've had several years 2 craft a plan & get the votes 2 pass it! What is the problem? Typical politicians!
term limits? Pass no law that you exempt yourself from.
how are you going to get a full repeal without 8 votes from the Democrats please explain
It's too late now. Tax cuts are next
it's over
get rid of parenthood
Thanks for holding the line and please thank the rest of the Freedom Caucus.
so now what? It's easy for you, you have great coverage.  I wish you truly felt our struggles. Waste of time
Ted Cruz would have  gotten Health care Done Right the first time!!
Please explain why can't pass full repeal now when it was done in 2015 with just 2 less republicans.
Please EXPLAIN how Trump got roped in to Ryans plan.
he didn't he wanted the Democrats to owned it & now they have to
he's playing the long game
I wish you were our president buddy!
I second that, Dolly.
you like the rest of the right have FAILED in what you promised! All are responsible!! u are not faultless
Don't bother. Babies are being aborted with pp funds now while you do. Shame.
If can't agree now after 7yrs when the hell will you! Replace all republicans in 2018!  Egos with selfagendas! Thanks for nothing
avg MRI cost 2600.  Can be as low as 800. Big hospitals cost more.  Quality difference?
@Beachlover43t @ericbolling @FoxNews Rand Paul do you realize we're you are funding Planned Parenthood with our money
@TeamTrumpAZ @ericbolling @FoxNews that's exactly why this happened and it needed to clean wash scrub a dub dub lol
Mr Rand Paul, I have heard you have a perfect Healthcare plan, is this true?
new technology, not necessarily better just cool, driving up costs.
hold @RandPaul to task he's been a disruptor bc it's not his bill. NO COOPERATION. my way or highway
@luvofUSA yes, waiting for Rand to submit his bill, put his money where his mouth is
We dont want Obamacare Trumpyfied. Repeal the whole thing & start from scratch.
so you hate President Trump?!
Medicaid and Medicare have no budgets. Medicaid costing 20-30 percent of st budgets.
hospital bill 10,000, insurance eventually pays 1,000.  10 percent rule.
thank you and the Freedom Caucus for being strong. Thanks again
Nope! You had your chance and blew it! I'm so disappointed and disgusted with all of you in the House.
what is the 10 percent rule?  Amt providers really should be collecting for services.
hospitals buy up others, reducing competition, but increasing bargaining power.
You and your biys now own ObamaCare.
You better not let us down cause we need Obamacare gone! You should pay the fees and premiums we do!
collusion  between provider and insurance is the driver of healthcare costs.
SNAKERYAN SOLD TRUMP A BILL 2 TAKE HIM DOWN.GLAD ITS DEAD.ALL DEMS THAT LUV OBAMACARE CAN KEEP IT TIL CRASH
Senator Paul, Many agree that we need a FULL repeal.  Please let us know the best place to review your plan.
- #TrumpCare
These circus has shined a light into the sewage of the swamp.Ryan&Comey need2go2 #MAGA 
Youre the one I trust 2 advise the Prez on healthcare & more. Immigration etc. PLEASE! Do it for us!
Please let America know exactly how you plan to get 60 votes. You must know not a single Dem will vote 4 it.
Tough Love needs to be implemented by Congress to correct the healthcare debacle created by Obama Democrats.
@NetworksManager @ericbolling @FoxNews You guys keep this crap up & nothing will get done! Stop the & work together or Ur 
If you're going to lie to the people again, stay home...don't want to hear your crap..
Can we do it right the First time?
How about we discuss i don't want you using my tax money to patch the current obamacare when the bottom drops out
How bout we discuss you need to back up @POTUS. How bout we discuss what you wasted time on for the last 7 years.
How about we discuss why we will not vote for you again. How but we discuss america is more than your special interest
I voted for u. Dems are laughing at u all now get together and get it right. If not I will find someone else
And it will never be repealed thanks to you.
thanks to the ridiculous @freedomcaucus
REPUBS NEED TO GROW SOME BALLS.....DO NOT VOLUNTEER TO GIVE UP NUCLEAR VOTE EVERRRRRRRRR.
Great job!  Now you need to steer @potus the right way.
fire every damn Republican in Congress promised for SIX years repeal then JK!
start over and do it right! We all are counting on @POTUS to do it ONE time! We need everyone's help!
Republicans-Quit being selfish. Repeal Obamacare completely. Markets will fly. On to the tax bill.
Great, now the left is using your moral position as a victory cry. Full repeal does not seem to be an option.
Who cares democrat
need to quit grandstanding senator!
WHY CAN'T TRUMP LISTEN TO RAND PAUL AND  CRUZ ....NEEDS TO THROW RYAN TO THE CURB!
tuning in, definitely want to hear Seanator Paul. He's the only sensible one in the Senate & House combined
Fix It and make it better. Screw this repeal argument!
No Sir Senator.
WHY DO YOU THINK ONLY CONGRESS HAS THE ANSWERS? WE THE PEOPLE WOULD APPROVE THIS
#2 was covered by Obamacare.
We need @RandPaul to draft a NEW & IMPROVED bipartisan transparent bill! @ericbolling @FoxNews
The problem is, the party is totally divided. The moderates are NEVER going to go for Paul's plan. Come on!
@themadanthony I want the names of the freedom Cock-is I will constitute to all their opposition. Even Dems
LISTEN TO THE VOTERS... THIS WOULD PASS, STOP BEING SO DAMN STUBBORN
yes, it would pass! Bring back charity Hospitals make them non profits...Incentives for donations.
because you want to take insurance away from 24 million Americans to give rich guys tax cuts.
Now your stuck with Obamacare. Great job. Let it die on its own. Either way now you all own it.
why is it that Dem. stick together until death and Rep. can't stick together at all, seems like disfunction
I am so sick of republicans inability to agree they're too rigid & seek perfection
And who will vote for that
Thank you Senator Paul for doing the right thing and leading the cause for shooting down RINOCare.
Rand Paul Ryan needs to be removed as speaker.
You should have stood behind the president!!!!!!! Thanks a lot! You have ruined everything
You are everything wrong with Congress.
And you'd be wrong. But whatever.
Thank you SIR. We the American people support you. You are a true Patriot 

#KillTheBill
We will be watching!
DO YOUR DAMN JOB. Fix it!  We are sick of the both parties and the lack of action.
you betrayed trump you lost your chance and blew it. Now time for trump to work with dems to upgrade obamacare. Im done. #Maga
WHAT IS WRONG WITH THESE PEOPLE DO YOUR JOB AND GET IT DONE OVER MOVE ON REPEAL SENT TO O WHAT'S THE PROBLEM
Mr. Paul,the GOP has had 8 yrs,8 to make this right.This is shameful.Our @POTUS should not have this happen.
8 years to figure it out and we get side show Bob. Disapointed is the understatement of the day!
