Taxes aren’t going up
Republicans presenting a revenue neutral tax plan, so absolutely some folks taxes will go up. Can't work any other way
Likely will be ours..
Reports are tax cuts will increase taxes for 30% of population. It won't the rich, or poor so that leaves guys like you and me.
#TrumpTrain
All due respect, brother. There's no way Congress will raise taxes on their donors. 0 possibility.
You obviously don't know how these guys work. Keep an eye on Rand Paul's feed.
The first policy should be that the exonomy grows and that people’s real income grows. Real after tax, after inflation. Taxes are a tool
no. taxes are theft.
No I voluntarily send mine in... perhaps yours were stolen...
The fact that 10-25% is taken by pain of imprisonment = theft
Same request. Take the tax rate to zero and tell me how you find government or the debt... please
Elimination of the progressive income tax. Stop the printing press (it's mainly used for expediency). Make politicians levy use taxes when
So unless you are an anarchist, you’re going to have to have a system to fund the government...
I never said it didn't need funding. I said I don't approve of the theft that is the progressive tax system.
Foreign policy does not mean payoff and blackmail! Defund VISA programs and cutoff guest workers! Stop immigration=jobs with living wage
Stop giving out foreign aid money. Very little gets to those that need it. Wet feed under US control. $! wind up in Swiss banks
Ed you have to consider our national security policies and strategies.  We need relationships with foreign countries for various reasons
Relationships through mutual trust. Not because they are paid for. You don't pay your friends do you?
Agree! We give them money, weapons, & fight their wars! Enough! Our country is falling apart while we rebuild places like Afghanistan! WTH??
We need to be there.  We fight bar people there, rather than here.  Necessary evil
Come on-do u really think @POTUSwhat’s high taxes!some 1 is giving u wrong inf-maybe his true blue friend  @SenJohnMcCain paragon of virtue
We R counting on U!  Dont forget middle class. We CANT afford TAX INCREASE! Lose exemp, prop tax ded, mtg interest, SALT ded.  PLS REMEMBER
Paul is becoming a laughing stock of conservatives and Repubs alike - Nothing but a WHINY OBSTRUCTIONIST WHO GRANDSTANDS
Vote YES on tax cuts PLEASE
15% flat tax.
ABOLISHING THE UNCONSTITUTIONAL IRS, INCOME AND PROPERTY TAXES TO MAGA.
Throw in Soc Security tax on earners making over $250k, widows cant live on what they receive, it is despicable This should be in tax reform
That's why we need a flat tax now. No deductions and everyone pays the same rate.
Senator Paul,  AMERICA NEEDS YOUR POSITIVE VOTE on the BUDGET TODAY. CAN'T GO FORWARD ON TAXES. ALL AMERICANS NEED TAX RELIEF. 'MAGA' 2018
Fucking liar you want it for 1% * corporations you are evil wanting to take healthcare blood on your hands and Fox for spreading fake news

Please do not block tax reform. Americans need tax relief and entitlement reforms.
Do this NOW: 
 Call Congress
202-224-3121 
tell your Senator
Vote No on #TrumpTaxScam #NOTjustTHE1%
 Stand Up against #Trump  BS! 
I think that's the wrong starting point. Should start from principled thought about role of government. Then raise enough $ to achieve that.
Agreed! @RandPaul is absolutely right.
Don’t screw this up. Please! This #TaxReform will be the best in history!
Concur, concur, concur.  Made that exact statement to my Rep months ago.  Taxes, ACA, Border.
So scared of what U said about 75-300,000 wage earners'! My husband and I will be screwed! And we are trying to save more b4 we retire in 21

The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Of course they did... if you want to rase wages you rase taxes on big business then the trickle down theory may work ...

As Richard mentions, Treasury deleted its own study showing most corporate tax cuts go to profits, not labor income. Orwellian stuff. https://twitter.com/RichardRubinDC/status/919868928763088896 …
We need welfare reform as well. Too much money spent on deadbeats and fraud!
Boy do you have a lot to learn ....

1/Trump's move to stop CSR payments to insurance companies hits Trump-won (red + most purple) states harder than blue. 
For all the get rid of property tax, how will infra structure be upgraded, repaired etc, how will fire dept/police dept be funded?
Vote for the budget now and negotiate with Pres over cutting $49 billion later. He will give you verbal commitment.
Vote against this too while claiming to be for it in principle. Write your own bills a d fight for them if no one writes one you like.
We SHOULD be in control & r failing miserably!Repubs r not voting conservatively-WHY?Pushing Obamacare?NOT cutting budget or lowering taxes?
REALLY appreciate that you explain what is really in a bill& your rationale for opposition!Other congressmen hide the details or lie!Thank u
Dude u better get on board we're are tired of your soap box BS. If economy grows we grow my 401 needs this tax cut. Vote out this mic hound
Does that mean fed rank&file empl, already underpaid, should be the fall guy? Gov emp losing bens. Vote NO!!!
Agree to cut them... Kentucky wants the cuts ...
Paul it's called give & take! Can't always hold out! #GetSomethingDone #DamItBoy #SupportPOTUS @realDonaldTrump @JoeDanMedia @BretBaier
Mr. Paul it's not what you want and your personal opinions, it's what the voters want. Wise up already
Yet @SenBobCasey is only worried about millionaires. He doesn't care about #WeThePeople getting a tax break. @SenToomey
Great, but when will you focus on Obama  Care.
@realDonaldTrump @stevenmnuchin1 @GovMikeHuckabee @FoxNews SENATOR PAUL PLEASE DON’T CLOUD THE TAX BILL.  and DID YOU SEE THE STOCK 2DAY?
I would hate to pass a tax bill & not have all of middle class(Especially me) NOT get a tax cut! Just take your time Sen & do it right.
FIRST POLICY should be PROSECUTING HILLARY, HOLDER, COMEY ROSENSTEIN and MUELLER!...time to END the CORRUPT Justice Dept and FBI.
Help pass some tax breaks, come on we need a small success.
#StandWithRand
Paul show the numbers not the Lie's
best way to lower everyone's taxes is right here:
Deport all illegals and stop funding the NFL. Audit the Pentagon (TRILLIONS are missing). That is the #taxreform we want.
BREAKING: Rand Paul agrees with Roy Moore that the State should imprison gays then execute them like they do in Russia.
How about you stop supporting Roy Moore
#fanniegate was a trial balloon to see what the gov't could get away with

They will nationalize Vanguard, Berkshire, Apple and more.
I thought conservatives hated executive orders.
I think #Conservatives hate the ineptitude of #Congress and the #GOP more.
https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower2.html 
We need to pass this bill
Yep, but conservatives define "people" as "those making over $500,000 annually, esp. hedge fund managers".
THEN DO IT! Senate and Congress all HAVE TO GO. Americans, Trump Train will VOTE them OUT next election.
We want #Medicare4All NOW
@lorac789 you think medicare4all is smart? Go ask a veteran about state run healthcare. #VAkills
Sellout.
Amen to that!
Most of the victim's will fall through the cracks of YOUR TRUMPCARE

You can cut taxes & save money without putting peoples lives at risk !
So where does endorsing a bigot like @MooreSenate come into this plan?

Oh, it doesn't? You just support old white bigots. Got it!
Money is more important than Lives. In that case SENATOR McCain is not
Show me a family living paycheck to paycheck who will benefit from the reform of the “estate tax”. Stop trying to force this. Do better now
People...MIDDLE CLASS PEOPLE. Not wealthy, not corporations. Stop selling this package as good when it’s not.
Fiscal responsibility is a must. Some compromises are acceptable. To be productive you must pass some bills into law. Nothing is perfect.
We need country-wide expungement reform for true rehabilitation. Some excons need a hand up not a hand out. @RandPaul
That won't happen for retirees, due to eliminating tax deductions.
You are threatening NO VOTE?Do your freaking job.1% of Americans pay over 50% of Federal Income Taxes. Over half of the population pay ZERO.
@LindseyGrahamSC is a fake conservative and needs to stop acting like he’s Gods gift to the senate. #RetireLindsey
First priority should be keeping your promises.Republicans promised for years to #FullRepeal #Obamacare.
Oh Rand, when i hear you talk like that i want to kiss you square on the mouth
Fair Tax and abolish the IRS...
Get rid of property taxes for ever. They are unconstitutional.
PAUL is the best SENATOR out there will not hesitate to SMACKDOWN any DEM or GOP CORPORATE TOOL.
Unless Paul learns that it is about R’s stckingtoge5her and getting tax reforms done even if not perfect. Party first, ego second Dimms last
Rand Paul lies as usual Nationalist Pig
Your #1job is to get things done for American people, not to be ideologue. Don’t you see people are suffering!!!!!
Rand Paul it is critical for you to support this. Understand you position, however America needs this to pass.
I so wish that Rand was president or at least Speaker Pro Tempore of the Senate.
I think it should be to cut spending first since that never happens.
Dr. Paul question. Do you deny a patient partial sight simply because you believe you know partial sight isn't as good as full sight?
Define "people's" @RandPaul. Tax reform should favor the middle class, not the richest among us.
Vote YES for The Budget and Vote YES for Tax Breaks! Don't mess this up!  Please do what The People want this time! We NEED this!
Cap state tax deduction at 3%. Only fair for us in no state tax states. Or give is automatic 6% deduction.
Then that would be wrong unless you can guarantee services won't go away. You can't have safe roads and bridges and tax cuts.
You endorsed Roy Moore in Alabama? Have you read nothing about this man? Is the GOP so.desperatex you will endorse ANYONE?
Cry more.
It's a shame the R-Dems and the D-Dems don't agree.
Whn it cmes to MILITARY, as a VET myself. Then spend!! Our jets r outdated, we r behind in tech for soldiers, + IF U CANT SUPPORT THT THN GO
Taxing our incomes twice is just plain Un- American!!!  Eliminating the SALT deduction as President Trump has proposed needs to be changed.
Middle rate needs to be at 20% not 25%
Stating the obvious, deductions for paid state income tax subsidize high tax states and their welfare programs.
And spending must be cut first or deficit will continue to grow.
Understand where your coming from on budget, but let’s get tax reform, get ball rolling, start at not perfect to get to better & better
The President wants the budget increase for defense !!! You know the man the people choose! Calling you out for grandstanding ! Again !
Your correct. They’re disrupters.
#RINOS 
#MAGA 
McCain should have been in jail, pardoned.
@txcelat
The BOGUS @GOP Tax Reform has no conservative principles, it's all about tax cuts for the wealthy and to continue their campaign donations
The main word people and not rich
The 1st policy of conservatives has to be protection of the Constitution
FTFY
#1A does not give the right to lie
#2A SHALL NOT BE INFRINGED
No shit, Sherlock. Dr Paul = capt obvious these days
Rand’s first policy is to say “no” to everything.

youve got some big clueless balls to say that after what the last president did to our debt.
And by "go down," you actually mean "abolished."
#EndAllTaxes
Paul Rich get alot we get a little lies
Liar only for the rich
YES!!!! You tell these phony Cons!!! They are democrat tools.
They are going to get primaried! Bless you Mr.Paul!  you are a great man!
This seems as if it should be simple. CUT taxes and CUT spending. Across the board for all. Not hard unless the angle is to do neither.
actually the Supreme court ruled that they are
And how is govt funded if taxes start plummeting, Rand. Like my home expenses, Govt LEGITIMATE expenses rise with our population & crises
No, the first policy of conservatives should be reigning in the debt
I agree but under THIS plan mine go up huge as well as most middle income single parents, especially those with kids. Not cool.
It's irresponsible to cut taxes without also cutting spending especially when we already run dangerously high deficits
If I had more money, I'd spend more money. I'd also pay taxes on items I'd buy, therefore more money for the government. Seems simple enough
Dumb Ass the first policy should be to do whats right for the people & country.
I think that's #2.  #1 should be to only spend the money you have, otherwise the tax intake doesn't matter...just use the credit card.
Our priorities should be to cut spending, reduce debt, then cut taxes.
That’s real conservatism.
Second policy? Ensure that people's taxes are not fraudulently spent per GAO fraud report!
Third policy: Absolutely no distribution=unauthorized  funding to first families as ICO the Obamas! $85 Million Taxpayer Funds=Vacations?
#Trump was right, there IS a lot of subject matter there.
You're still on Tax Reform when this just happened???
This woman is pregnant. She has 2 kids & she just lost her husband. POTUS told her he knew what he signed up for 
