Cool story bro, what are u planning on doing about healthcare for Ky? Do u realize that the same people that depend on Medicaid voted for u?
Doug, you do know that those who have Medicaid now, will not lose it?
Are you a Kentuckian?
Our governor is itching for this bill to pass to makes cuts to the program and hopefully move to a voucher system. What happens to ...
Where a parent is laid off? Everyone knows you can't afford cobra. So it's ok to let them get sick or lose their prescription coverage...
Because they weren't grandfathered in?
What I know is I pay $800 monthly and have nothing left to see a doctor. Yet someone not contributing is being able to go to the doctor
Isn't there a pic of her with Kislyak too?

Yeah that explains why Rand is so happy for her.
So happy for Laura! This is well deserved!
I can't wait. I have been a Laura fan for a very long time!
Vote for #CassidyGraham ! This may be our last chance. Let the states control the money! Federalism FTW!
U may be getting same thing sense u Dem 2 B 4 #Obama care now. Where's ur plan 8 yrs @u have nothing.U@McCain can co host show n 2018
Insurance that raises your rates when you get sick is not insurance. It is BLACKMAIL.
It's "insurance". If you have car insurance and you keep crashing your car will your rates go up.
Is that "Farmers"??? Restaurant? Good eats!
You keep good company!
Please stop being an obstructionist. This bill is a start it can be amended when you propose something better.  If you can!
Congratulating anyone for getting a job on Fox is a joke. Most everyone mocks that newsgroup. Not the corp but their news which is shoddy.
You mean Fox news outlet owned by Trump supporter billionaire Ruppert Murdoch.This is cheap,self serving dishonest news.It is The Trump News
They'll have her dumbed down before to long!
YAY!!!!!

If Senator Paul is the deciding NO vote for #GrahamCassidyBill despite 48 other Senators voting definite yes, he WILL LOSE OUR SUPPORT #MAGA
just go to hell, you shallow bastards #baitandswitch @realDonaldTrump any update on the wall or taxes or repeal and replace #onetermfraud
Shame on you.
All you grid locks in DC are itching for a revolution!
She is a class act
She has a lot of support....
The pool of applicants is increasingly shallow.
Howbout supporting the obama repeal bill. Concentrate on that instead. Urlack ofsupport,helpsthe Dems. Unlessthat is urplan. @SenJohnMcCain
Let's Pray it does not become the typical "Faux" program !
Look at em outa touch and getting paid to do nothing. Are u hiring
Laura's a bit skittish. Quick to dump and run without all the facts. And Rand, you and your buddies own Obamacare now. Enjoy!
@SenJohnMcCain and Rand Paul. You are both obstrucionists. Back our President. Are you not Republicans?
She is awesome! Now, Rand, please vote for the Obamacare repeal and quit essentially working to keep Obamacare.
Stop.  We know you want to run for President that you have a political agenda to obstruct the health care bill.  Never vote for you!
#StandWithRand
You are causing Congress and The American people to lose respect for you.
Vote yes to the health care package , do something for all that money you suck from taxpayers!
You forgive so much easier than those of us that supported your dad. She was so over the top aggressive/rude. Hopefully she is better now.
We've come a long way together via @RonPaul
And what's next, her 8th grade homework essay where she tore into Ronald Reagan..!?

GIVE
IT
UP
HATER
A Show On A News Channel Of Lies And Hate Congratulations WHY?   My God Is Of Honesty And Love.  What God Do You And Friend Worship?
Meh.. she's just another Neocon
she ain't.
Is too is too..
Have you EVER read her articles at #Lifezette..!?
Am gonna guess, 'Nay'.
No, I haven't. Haven't heard her advocate a non-interventionist policy either.. She regurgitates the boogieman of the week fear propaganda.
us conservatives are like hydra, cut one head off and two grow in its place. Bwahahaha
NO HOVER HAND @IngrahamAngle IS MORE ALPHA THAN @RandPaul
Congratulations Laura well deserved.
We thought @FoxNews was toast 
is transgender sex changes paid by private insurance:  the gravy train of transgenders using US tax payer dollars through military service
Go away Fox News!
If they promised they would continue working on full repeal for a vote to kick it back to the states in the meantime, would you go with it?
Save it Rand. I'm kind of sick of you. You complain about everything and never offer a solution. I think you secretly want Obamacare.
Lots of evil hiding behind the word "Jesuit" Fordham-John Brennan/Georgetown-FrSmolich/Pope are Progressives in Sheep's clothing! @TomFitton
I'm sure she had to lean far left to qualify for new FNC.  Who are they going after next, Hannity?
good, now get rid of obamacare
Congratulations!  You're an outstanding lady with honest evaluations of the realities we face.
Will she ask @SenateGOP @HouseGOP who benefits from repeal of ACA?
Love Laura!  Her show will be great!
#defundpp
Fuad news. Not a prestigious gig.
Congrats!
https://www.conventionofstates.com/lookup 
We love you even more , Laura! God help liberals! MAGA 
Truly I am not sure if this is good or bad for Laura @IngrahamAngle .  A good person working for an unpredictable employer.
She will be great
Trumpcare is far from ideal but if you block it we will be stuck with the greater evil of Obamacare and you WILL be held accountable !
The competency and professionalism of @IngrahamAngle is exceptional. A voice of sanity. Thank you and Congratulations.
Oh god no!
Just when I thought FOX News couldn't possibly get any worse. A new bottom.
I'll give it a look, but if she starts with the piss-ant whining like @AnnCoulter...off goes the TV.
#REPEAL ACA because its not affordable but a wealth redistribution plan 
We the people voted to #REPEAL 
DO YOUR JOB
FU
Go buy your own!
defund planned parenthood, the government should play no role in killing its citizens, how can you believe otherwise?
You are an obstructionist
Long overdue!
great just what we need more talking head bs.
. Senator Paul stop all this statue nonsense don't change history o Rd hide it
CUZ ITS SUCH A REPUTABLE PIECE OF SH^T ORG!
Yuck.
Congrats!
much success.
Congratulations to Laura Ingraham. Great to add someone to Fox who is *loaded* *for* *RINO*!
All 3 of you are horrible people. 
Paul you are such a sorry lying jerk. You are not a real man, you're a spineless coward. Karma is a b----. I'll be praying for you.
Big deal. Cable news has made itself irrelevant. Used to watch 4-6 hour/day. Now, almost never.
Agreed, very well deserved
Really?  Youre another #sellout as well now, we see... okay... Gross but HEY it's not like u have nvr lost the respect of an #American
Looks like a klan meeting

ERISA is great idea for @POTUS! Republicans on the Hill should get behind this! Doesn't cost any money. It is a home run
DIsgusting.
How a self-professed lover of Liberty can hang out with a racist, vile shill like Ingraham is shameful beyond all.
Dr. Rand Paul w/ #Trumpcare removing "birth control" from access in any form/any reason how should doctors treat endomitosis/ovarian cysts?
He's an eye doctor.
If the Senate is going to basically say "this random life saving medicine can't be covered" They should have a response to this question.
Shut up! Just shut up!
As a journalist she shouldn't be your friend. Period.
Yahoo!

In honor of Laura Ingraham getting her new show -- here is a pic of her and former ambassador Sergey Kislyak at a Russian embassy party. 

She better come with it. This nation is in trouble as I tweet! 

When and what time?
Nazis stick together.
I wondered if anyone would mention Ingraham's special little wave. I would have been grounded for life. Pure evil.
May she spout utter nonsense throughout the land.

#danpaintcan, this sort of tweet only works when you are responding to CNN, HUFFPO, etc..

GET BACK TO MADDOW NOW..!
Oh goodie more Faux news
Hi Geri - Please list ONE SINGLE instance of #FOXNEWS being "faux", or false (aka: #FakeNews) --> Go ahead, you have the floor:
I'm not familiar with the other 2 gents but Laura, you & Senator Rand, are both on my list of smart, top-notch folks.  Keep up the good work
Fox made a smart decision. Laura is a smart, knowledgeable person..
They hired her to destroy her...look at their track record including legacy personalities who made their brand!
Let me guess, her angle is permantly 88* and white?
The official @GOP network

So excited!
Who cares. All you people are in the public domain for your own agenda and can give a hoot about your followers or who put you in office.
Speak on it
Am I right???
Yes you are
You mean state media?  All you have to do is repeat lies over, and over, and over.
Ah, just another nut in the fruitcake that is #FauxNews
Really dude? You're that happy that another protectionism cheerleader got a show? The female Eric Bolling? 
Another terrible person on a terrible propagandist channel.
Ugh. You are better than this.
Maybe she can talk you into voting on the new HC bill.. just pass something.. PLEASE!!!!
I mean who cares how bad the bill is but just pass something because it's a win for the home team. Fuck those premature children, right?
oh look, another blonde, white, republican woman gobbling up the corporate propaganda that even you, a libertarian, should fear.
Great news
PUKE
You vote no and you'll become most hated Senator right next to McCain.
Steve K, your right, only diff is Rand  the US and McCain is a traitor! I think Rand is correct that this will not fix the problem.
Good God, what happened to you? You actually used to stand for something.
How and the hell am I following you??? Unfollowed immediately.
Mere defintion of insurance tells you these plans will work never work. You can't make chicken salad out of chicken poop.
Don't mess with Saudi backed FoxNews
Hope you will go on and explain why Obamacare is still the law in this land...
Another good "Christian" bothered by a program created to help people
Fair and balanced
Great congratulations now rand vote yes for Graham/Cassidy bill!
You hack
No thanks. Laura/Hannity lick Trump'a anus 2 much. Prefer @TuckerCarlson & @TheFive so I can go bed without the taste of anus in my mouth.
Good news. Almost as good as It would be to hear that you won the 2024 Election.
Shades of Eddie Cochran!!!!
i just threw up in my mouth a little bit
Yes that's awesome I'm looking forward to it
She shares your love of Russia Rand.

Amen Congratulations 
Btw, don't allow the swamp collectivists to regulate and monitor the Internet. 
#GiveMeFreedomOrGiveMeDeath
Absolutely shameful you won't vote for Cassidy-Graham. Even @marklevinshow endorsed it! 

Move the ball down the field!
What the hell good is a job on a propaganda network?  They don't even cover news if it isn't to GOP benefit.

Do the right thing. Vote no on this bill.
Laura is the smartest  :)
now if she could only convince you to VOTE FOR BLOCK GRANTS
First guest?
Now can you help with Obamacare


#WadeBlack has a lot of time on his hands.
(is also a registered sex offender, yet finds time to insinuate nazi crap on twitter).
#Loser
Anonymous guy with defamatory comments is very courageous. Did you get triggered, snowflake?
Keep up the good work please senpai, I'll vote for you again and againnnn
