Abolish the fed. Why is our Govt paying interest to them? Never should've set this agreement up as it was being fought against 4 many years
.Although fed raised rates big banks refused to raise their rates on deposits so they can rob customers while they record record profits.
You have my vote
Let's do it. See who goes nuts the most. Any guesses
Talk about the Mad man in the oval. Don't allow him to ruin every progress this country has made. History will judge you and your colleagues
@ChristophHeer52 fix social security too. You guys took it ALL and replaced it with your phony fed bonds.
How about an audit of the Pentagon and their "missing" TRILLIONS?!? 

Naaaaah, better to demonized poor and claim their drawing the economy.
With you Mr. Rand! Excellent idea!!!!
You don't really understand how the fed works.  Like at all.
That's the point!  Audit the fed so we can all see how it's truly working. The people deserve to see an audit.
@BPsixsixsix Counterfitting doesn't belong in a free society, bro.
Shock them by getting #Trump out of the office before he does more damage to this great country 
Damage? Oh yea, jobs coming bad, stocks up, saved big bucks on F35 and Air Force One, ISIS being destroyed, NATOpaying up, wow.
But, they would rather have a lawyer want to be in office.. disgrace our military and spending 10 trillion on shovel ready jobs!
The Secret Service is already out of money. His family spent 20 million on travel in less than a year. And he as not fixed anything!
#IStandWithRand
I enthusiastically support the Audit The Fed bill! With it we will be able to keep track of how the Fed manages our money.
Why are you #gulliblegoobers so gullible? It's NOT about "tracking our money". It's about opening up the Fed to political influences and control from oligarchs so they can manipulate the money supply by ending its status as an independent agency independent of Congress. #idiot
How about Trump's tax returns first? Yeah, we'd like to see those. You're as complicit as the rest of his administration, a rich guy masquerading as a real libertarian. You're a fraud.
@ChristophHeer52 how it works? You'd know right? Constitutional act 1871 USA INC. Mr Board of Directors?
@ChristophHeer52 so funny You know better  NOT Fed, privately owned by foreigners!!! USURY  End it or gtfo
I wish we all may can have peace yet our "establishment" is filled with corrupted ideology. @RandPaul set it at best, it's time to Audit!
I agree with you 100%.  It's long overdue that the Fed needs auditing.  Taxpayers have a right to know how their money is being spent. 
Let's help @POTUS #MAGA.
1. End The Filibuster
2. REPEAL Ocare
3. The Wall
4. Tax Cuts
Don't confuse Mitch.
Rand this ridiculous argument is getting very tiresome. THE FED GETS AUDITED BY THREE INDEPENDENT ORGANIZATIONS! Do. Your. Job! #townhallNOW
Still no condemnation of the domestic terrorist attack in Charlottesville is it because so many of your supporters were there?
Well, I can see all the #gulliblegoobers are out saying they love the idea. This is because they don't understand it's really about ending the independence of the Fed and placing it under Congressional control so oligarchs can turn it to their purposes. People are #ignorant
Repeal & Replace!
Can we audit your health insurance my American family & formerly, my dad's MN @IBM patent revenues & taxes paid for? I heard it's the bomb!
the rinos & dems will fight to the death to keep that from happening
Yes sir! Let's do it! 
Drain the swamp
You want to Audit the Fed? Read Secrets of the Fed by Mullins.
"So important to audit the #FederalReserve" @realDonaldTrump https://www.opednews.com/Poll/So-important-to-audit-the-by-Lance-Ciepiela-Audit-The-Federal-Reserve_Donald-Trump_Federal-Reserve-System-170816-980.html#comment670371 … #OppositionToSecrecy #FixTheEconomy #DebtFree #AskTrump
YES!!  Thanks, RAND!!!!
Pretty hard to shock yourself.
Lay out the plan and we will follow it to help make the Audit Happen
Build the Wall
We are still waiting for repeal of Obamacare...how about "rocking" us by getting that done. #OutOfPatience
@SpeakerRyan If Paul would only speak truth..
Donald Trump Jr & Ben  Carson both confirm Obama admin stole $500 Billion to fund broken & failed Obamacare from Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae. 
This will really shock them Paul!!
Heck yeah! Long over due!
I'd love to see FED as well as WH audited. Always wondered how FED's spent $3k on toilet seats
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr are you guys listening?
It won't happen guys like your buddy McCain and Graham won't let us do it
You have good ideas that just need some team work but you just don't get it. You need to negotiate. Compromise.
Agree. Fed is ruining this country with printing money out of thin air. Let the market dictate what we use for currency!
Bond market dictates rates. Fed has zero clue of what's going on. People need to read Creature from Jeykyll Island. This is a good start.
YES, LET'S DO!!! When IS the Fed going to be audited
No, abolish the Fed.
I support this 100%
Thanks Senator!
Will never happen.
OK Rand get 'er done!
Count me in on a dream just woke up from a dream where the Treasury prints US Notes to faze out the fiat trash cash by lending to the coming
Agreed! Get the bill to the floor so we can see the vote.
Please put goerge lopez in his place?
Yes audit the federal reserve, then ASAP abolish the federal reserve, IRS,  & federal reserve act of 1913, which was never properly ratified
Amen to thar
It's time To give Americans access to thier TDA's UCC CODED I I everything in America is prepaid Raising an autistic child ALONE STRESS PLUS
& YOUR OWN SELF BS  AGENDA!!
Where have you been? We shocked the establishment in November 
Once you Audit the Fed. Hold them accountable and end them. Plague on society.
I'd love to know how many of the 535 Sen/Con can become millionaires w/their Government jobs???  Where's Proxmire when you need him! #MAGA
Yesssss
Go get 'em Rand!
Sure. Just let us know when you ask Trump to release his tax returns. We'll wait, Paul the hot air balloon.
Lets do it
Yes ! Yes ! Yes !
Totally agree with you!
Everyone needs a review now and then.  Let's audit the fed and IRS
ok lets ... but can we wait until after the Awan drama plays out?? im on the edge of my seat wondering who will get tossed under the bus 1st
@realDonaldTrump it is time and so what if the slimy rhinos hate this they are dead men walking come 2018
#StandWithRand
They need electrocution to take notice
Amen Audit The FED. 
#MAKEAMERICAGREATAGAIN
Enough talk take action
Get the President's ear...
Audit....then, End it!  Thank you, @RandPaul
The shocker!
Yes, step down, and shock the establishment! Now of course you will please the establishment, you will please everybody, but that's OK.
@realDonaldTrump 450 departments of Fed are WAY TOO MANY. CLOSE DOWN 375 to 400 of them, cut deficit, audit all. Shut down Gov. unless wall!
I'll do it for free and it want take long, #auditthefed
Daily caller huh? Yeah, that's not a red flag at all
Sounds like a good idea but I am sure it will never happen.
No coward. It's time to confront an induly elected executive who is a traitor. Grow a set and get to work!!
Traitor? Russian thing still? Started by the dem party... dont look into obama, clinton workings with the russians! Ur screams will wake mom
How about shocking us by getting some work done to help the American people
At least that would be something eight months of Trump's leadership nothing accomplished starting to believe we need different leadership
Bust all the Crooks to  many millionaires in Congress greatest conspiracy in modern history
The first secret your told as the newly elected President is that there is no gold in Fort Knox. Audit will never happen.
Senator I love you but they will never let you. It's a criminal organization top to bottom.
Thank God for Patriots like you
The time has long been here.
Constantly surveil them #AuditTheFed
Why don't you shock sane Americans and stand up to the abomination in the @WhiteHouse?

@realDonaldTrump
Repeal Lautenberg now!
Your dad tried. You see what they're doing to the President? Are you willing to take the lead and Can you take it when they start on you?
The last man that really tried was in 63. And we all know how that ended
After we audit then we can start the process of making them return all of the money they have stolen since 1913
We can only hope.  So much fraud and waste in Washington.
Want to shock the establishment? 25:4 our insane potus
While ignoring Trump destroying US.
Not destroying it at all drama queen
That's really draining the swamp.
#ENDTHEFED
Yeah pass a bill and you'll shock the world
Can you audit a privately owned company like the FED?  MAKE IT HAPPEN IF YOU CAN!
YES! #AuditFed
Get ready smerica he is going to shut down govt against tax relief.   Wake up @POTUS @VP  a snake laying in the grass
How about audit the wasteful spending by DOD ! #crickets
I dont know why anyone listens or believes any politicians at this point. they serve the interests of lobbyists, bankers, party etc. not you
Start by auditing the New York Federal Reserve and in particular the Exchange Stabilization Fund which is where black ops money is dispersed
100% Sir now is the perfect time..
Senator, I'm not sure why you want to audit the FED? Would you explain please
Audit the Fed! Be sure to seriously vet the auditors prior to the audit
And the people auditing the auditors... can't forget about them, right?
Get rid of Filibuster! @GOP>AHamilton's "To give a minority a negative upon a majority" to stall governance is criminal! @Circa @kelliwardaz
I question the intentions and integrity of the people's representatives. Need to drain the swamp 1st. Otherwise it will be useless.
If it's up to you nothing will get done.
I know the idea of returning to the proper scope of federal oversight is a challenging concept.
You can Shock the establishment by, taking the Blindfold off members and recognize the threat of Hate & Bigotry facing Next Generation!!!???
U mean, by the socialists and communist trying to protest their way into power? History will teach otherwise... if u would read it
Get us health care and tax cuts. This is how many Republicans got elected.  Some took the train and are now obstructing.  #DrainTheSwamp
Let's start the audit with WH.
how about lets get something done in Washington, DC....ie..tax reform, infrastructure, then healthcare reform...do something for gods sake!!
Can we do better vetting of people who run for president? Maybe pick ones without Russian ties?
If you piss off the Rothschild family you're in trouble. Forewarned is forearmed.
Shock it by standing up to trump Senator Rand.
Auditing the fed is early retirement for @jasoninthehouse .. he spoke up. Sent him packing..  is it happening ? The fed is bigger than gov?
If u want a return to the Constitution as Law of the Land then the Fed Gov needs out of our private lives 100%,ready for tht?
It's time to introduce a bill requiring a full psychological evaluation to anyone with access to nuclear launch codes.
More talk. No action. This will never happen.
They are "The Beast"! Unfortunately they own Wall Street, the media and CIA. 
Drain the Sewer!!!
 you are the establishment
Senator Rand Paul, you are absolutely correct! You have my full support.
After the last adm.under valued gold to prop up the dollar then china went on gold buying bonanza
AUDIT IS AN X RAY OF GOVERNMENT AND A REVIEW SHEET.
A GOOD AUDIT EXPOSES ALL SKELETONS.
CORRUPT ONLY FEAR AUDIT
Is that what Putin told you to do?
Like ALL federally charted banks, the Fed Res IS audited each quarter.  This is why LIBERALtarians are nuts.  Denying reality
Repeal Obamacare time for you to go. Better yet time for Congress needs to be put on Obamacare
Please run as a #libertarian! #realchange
Audit the establishment!!!
Let's start with Trump's taxes.
Really, still on that? Lets see obama's college transcripts, then we can move to taxes!
Seen it many times. Next, low info traitor.
Low info traitor cannot look info up. Sad.
I think u need to look up the meaning of the word u r casually throwing around. I know it wont change ur beliefs but, got to start somewhere
I have the best words, ok? Best words.
I love it however it will never happen the Obstructionists will never allow it go for it
SUPPORT OUR GREAT PRESIDENT!!
Now we're talking. VOTING NO TO AUDIT THE FED AND HIDING WHERE $9 TRILLION was doled out is CRIMINAL! Thank you, SENATOR PAUL!
@RonPaul
@PeterSchiff 
@benbernanke 
@federalreserve 
@realDonaldTrump
Yeah pass something ,try and make sence to that fool McCain.and how he made 24 million in 6yrs on $193,000 a yr salary Mitch McConnel also.
They r legally still allowed to do insider trading.
Rand, gird your loins, D.C. is sliding into a sinkhole of investigations &  grand jury. Do you REALLY want to remain loyal to Our Mad King?
Yea Hillary would have been so much better...selling you out to the highest bidder. Look up the Clinton Hit List. People die around them.
Rand, it's easy to be a bomb thrower, and that seems to be the extent of your contribution. Pure Libertarianism is also known as "Anarchy."
Yes,  thank you Senator!!
Go get em!
Let's really shock the system by auditing the military industrial complex.
Love to see it but it will never happen.  #DeepState
im the organization republican master fed military army your master rand paul bless have you more paperwork
Let's not...and say we did...! 
Finally going to impeach the insane baby President are you??
Agreed! Audit them now!!MAGA
and grow some acid so I can enhance my performance on and off the court.
Let's traumatize the criminals. End the Fed.
Yes, please do it.
I'm more of the mindset to "End the Fed"
"End the Fed" and replace it with what?  Pls be precise
Deep State has Deep Roots like Dandelions. They're everywhere.
Woaaaaaaahh;   no one audits the Fed....that is enough to get you killed by a rouge government agent(paid of course)..... stay off that subj
Hope you and you family have a blessed day! never give up!
The illegitimate buffoon is a traitor, criminal, racist, and danger to the entire planet. DO SOMETHING !
Get help. You've been locked in the 2 party paradigm two long. Trump is the outsider, it's why they all hate him. GET HELP.
leeeeeets dooooooo it
Riiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii...ght!  You have become a JOKE!  Have fun rotting in Hell Rand!
@T0lbertReport
I love how Rand pretends he is a libertarian and not part of the republican establishment.
it's a good start but how about ENDING IT
AMEN!!
Romans 3:23-24
for all have sinned and #fall #short of the #glory of #God, being justified freely by His #grace through the [1/2]
#redemption that is in #ChristJesus, [2/2]
2 Corinthians 1:3-4
#Blessed be the #God and #Father of our #LordJesusChrist, the #Father of #mercies and #God of all [1/3]
#comfort, who #comforts us in all our #tribulation, that we may be able to #comfort those who are in any #trouble, with the [2/3]
#comfort with which we ourselves are #comforted by #God. [3/3]
