Lying to the American people about how this tax cut for the rich is good for them is morally wrong! Shame on you for trying to sell this bull. I am sick of watching you steal from the people who need it most.
It's not stealing to let them keep their own money.
Right? Let's just penalize everyone that wants to start their own business..that is what has been happening..no business no USA  
What exactly do you know about owning a business? How many employees do you have? Please don't talk smack b/c you obviously KNOW absolutely nothing. Oh sorry, you do know how emoji's. How CUTE!
Sounds like your the one who doesn't know a damn thing except what your source tells you..typical liberal can't think on their own
Perhaps all that bleach is not good for you?

The corporate component of the tax framework alone would give workers a raise of between $4,000 and $9,000. 
Pulling numbers out their ass.
This is fake news. Also if you educated yourself and listened to what YOUR president has presented to us, then you would know that families that make 24k and under don't get taxed. WAKE UP! STOP FOLLOWING THE LIARS! STOP FOLLOWING MEDIA AND STOP FOLLOWING THE FAMOUS.
The people, real Americans, voted on Trump.
no the delegates voted him in.  The people voted for HIllary.
Geez....Thank U!
Hogwash Lisa Sawyer; it's impossible to cut taxes for those who don't pay any
I don't know anything about all the procedures since they seem to be fluid but could @realDonaldTrump accomplish any of these things with a line item veto
Are you the new McCain in tax cuts?  Get the tax reform and then move on deficit by hiring freeze and other actions getting gov. Reduced
Enough with the rhetoric already! 
Can we please see the friggin plan
@realDonaldTrump
I don't think so.  How did you get paid off for your vote?
A heads up for everyone voting. THE DEMS ARE NOT VOTING FOR TAX CUTS. IT ABOUT THEM NOT AMERICA. DO NOT VOTE FOR ANY DEMOCRATS
They're cutting taxes for everyone except those that don't already pay any to begin with.

Oh, did she sleep with #Weinstein too and just now cominge out all pissed off?
@paul Ryan You both are pitiful!
That's to nice a word to describe them.


And you think Fox is???  Just wondering if you REALLY think Trump was joking on that bus?
There is no proof of HW.Just him speaking into a hidden recorder.Trump also only speaking into a Mic on a bus.hmmmmm
Wow he bullied your JT styled hairdo for a really long time!  Liar!  He was right about that
Now we're talking! Now do something about healthcare!!!
& thank you again lower income America needs this badly.
yeppers time to shut down the tax steal bribe and spend neocons and dems
I really hope so.  You've bailed from helping the people all the time.
How do you plan on paying for a 4 trillion dollar budget and fund this billionaire cash grab which will not create jobs.
Got the rich, right? Now onesie tell us what qualifies as middle class. Not too many people in my middle class neighborhood make $400,000/yr
Senator let's turn the clock back 30 years and allow people to make full itemized tax deductions on their income tax. Nice tax cut!
I'll only believe tax reform when I see it happen.  As with everything else out if DC.
#StandWithRand.     #MAGA We love our America & Liberties Thxu Rand & Mr Prez
@RandPaul I was beginning to lose faith in you.....  Pls continue to support POTUS on tax reform.  Long overdue!!
President gave you his promise about buying health care across states so now help him with taxes. He kept his word
@cronair @Schmieg__
Cutting taxes will be great for the economy. But a $1.2 trillion deficit to cut taxes is what I don't like. Cut spending to cut taxes.
Because our national debt is already out of control. And when inflation and interest rates rise that debt will become a huge problem.
We already know that tax cuts won’t help the economy. Been proven time and time again.
http://thehill.com/policy/national-security/355749-fbi-uncovered-russian-bribery-plot-before-obama-administration?amp …. Bam!
Isn’t this the guy that made a fool of you when you were both trying for the same job.? Now you are his caddy!  Don’t bend over!
Yet still NO-More like you want to stop everything the Pres. wants to accomplish-BC you want to run for Pres. in 2020-And use it against him
"When Reagan cut corporate taxes significantly, we had economic growth in spades" BINGO. WE HAVE A WINNER!
Praying eyes open, this is a plan to get America working
ALMOST as big of MORON as Trump!
“Someone had blundered...
   Theirs not to reason why, 
   Theirs but to do and die. 
   Into the valley of Death “
Yes please!! The fed income tax rate is killing me, what they take out could be my retirement savings!
Thank you Rand for your support we really need every vote and yours sends an important message.  Sen McCain’s legacy is forever gone!
No backstabbing anymore I hope Rand.
I hope you mean bigger cuts and not bigger taxes.
“Because it means more money for the wealthy.”
Let’s define Tax plan. Cuts vs Reform. Most of @realDonaldTrump supporters expect the 15% rate as promised.
Oh please someone do something with the Democrats!
Destructive in every way!
Please STOP taxing SS Benefits.   My entire work life, federal taxes were withheld on social security monies.  This is double taxation.
was this a freudian slip? 
Whatever happened to Pay-as-you-go? How large do you want our deficit to be?
I thought we fought for our freedom from British so we wouldn't have to pay taxes?
GOD BLESS OUR GREAT SENATOR @RandPaul & OUR GREAT @POTUS @realDonaldTrump ♰
Nobody is on the same wavelength as Trump
Please pass these two bills. I need help now
***clarrifcation*** tax cuts for the wealthy #foxpropaganda
Barf
COLLECT HIGHER TAX ON FOREIGN PROFITS -than on US PROFITS. To include approx $5T in taxes being deferred -that are in USA
Changing subjects - noticed Megyn Kelly's ratings tanking @NBC - taking down Kathie Lee & "the Hoda man's" numbers too - WHOOPS!!
All of Washington needs a pay cut. Live on what every one else does. Try that for 6 months. then get back to us. Not being a smart ass Rand. I like you. I am Just saying.
Correction -"the bigger the tax CUT the Better!"
because trump is not beholden to special interests, REAL tax reform will be a reality. this will not be possible with any current politician we have. thats why trump haters n special interests are targeting him constantly. we the ppl will prevail.
How swell. Maybe he will invite you to play golf again! It is what the Aristocracy does while hammering the lower class peons.
Well said!!
You are a sellout. Grow a set. Stop pandering to TRUMP and Bannon
Got to get ramp all out of that White House this man sucks so bad he wants to screw people so bad for big GOP donors he's below snake belly
WHY are you always the hold out that stops any legislation? Don't stop tax reform or I will assume you are the problem. Then u shd retire.
Left-Dem-RINOs are anti destroyers NOT builders. If destroyed, nothing for anyone. #MAGA not just campaign All MUST build or OUT. @POTUS
How can any advocate against this? Lower taxes is good for everyone!
You must be part of the 1 or 2% that these cuts benefit. Shameful!
If the big greedy companies don't pocket the money..I'm all for salary caps..AIG is proud of what they'll do!
Proof not proud, blame autocorrect
How much business are we losing to Ireland??

You both are on the same wavelength with Putin too. Make US government weak and in debt.
Rand Paul is a fraud...
20 per cent middle income will keep people from paying more perhaps
You like taxes?
Absolutely. My comment was a joke towards crazy ol Rand since his quote didn't imply tax "cuts" as he normally does.
Should be the bigger the cut the better
It’s a sad day when you are on the same wavelength that will cut taxes for the rich yet ignore the hard working middle class. You’ve lost me
Seriously,do you really believe companies give their employees a fat wage increase when they get bigger profits? Or this cartoon is spot on?
More than that, it allows us to hire more folks, providing upward mobility for folks who wouldn’t have the opportunity otherwise.
Liar! I have hiring & firing decisions & last tax cuts under Reagan & Bush Jr, it was lots of firing due to recessions (3x under Reagan).
But you always vote NO. ARE YOU ESTABLISHMENT TOO?
I thought you were in favor of intellectual property rights, yet you are going to let that ingoramus take credit for all your ideas?
Taxes bigger and better? #Freudianslip
because none of you care about the people!!!  we can't trust you!!!
Your poll is funny. Gives you a chance to change your vote. Bandwagon approach. Hilarious.
It's a crappy tax plan.
I thought you were one of the good ones @RandPaul. My mistake.
another one bites the dust. paul thinks trump has a wavelength that is in tune with anyone, the reality is trump is out for trump only.
McCain should solve problems not be a problem
Another hypocrite
Lol now do the debt? Remember the debt? No, of course not...
Private Golf Meetings  Paul on board ? check the off shore accounts . Just a Tax Gift for Trump Inc and the Rich ,and its F**k the Rest !
RP makes sense most of the time (92%), something DC lacks.
I don't trust @RandPaul because of his Red face & Crazy hair.
Rand Paul does not believe in Medicaid, Medicare or SS. He is trying to the biggest cut he can get to fatally wound those programs.
This tax plan didn't work in Kansas and it won't work for the rest of America!
Oh my God....
follow President a Trump
Rand are you wealthy too and will benefit?
We need to cut taxes for the rich so they can pass it down to the people that make them rich!

@RandPaul please exit stage left...
Darn tootin'! The bigger we can tax, the more money I make!
Same wave length=#fuckingcrazy
That’s what she said.
but not hands, Donny has tiny hands
Bad Fox editors, you are saying bigger taxes are better?
The Laffer Curve (reduce taxes and cross fingers)) was an Economic DISASTER in Kansas 2012.
Now this is good.  Our Can gov needs to have a look
What happened to pubs fiscal conservatism? Bigger  debt for the benefit of the wealthiest.
You want to see a press meltdown, watch today.
GOP is Isis
@realDonaldTrump 

if you cut taxes, you need to cut expenses ( size of the fed government...)

show some courage
C’mon @RandPaul @POTUS show them how to close #BIGLY!!!!  #onepagetaxreturnplease #MAGA 
“If I don’t suck up he’ll sick Bannon on me.”
Bannon's to busy doing his own sucking. 
Excellent point !!
So you want the wealthy to have even bigger tax breaks? As long as you & trump benefit, who cares about us right?
As a rich old white guy, love my @RandPaul.  More money in my pocket is good, and to hell with the deficit.
Charles Koch is that you?
Koch Brothers’ Internal Memo on Selling Tax Cuts: Ignore the Deficit
Caught me!
Remember when Trump walked into the room and Rand Paul looked like a beaten puppy? Still laughing.
Rand Paul needs to reconsider the amount of Dippity-Doo he uses in his deep-fried hair.
ROFLMAO BS you are determined to never pass any of Trump's agenda.  The public sees the truth in DC.
You have 2 sides to your face and you enjoy speaking out of both sides @RandPaul.
OH My God's, 
Rand has the Jug of Fool Aid.
I'm in Ohio. Do you know that our taxes will go up 2500.00?  We will be taxed on our state and local TWICE!!!!!!!!   WAKE UP PEOPLE
Only if you have corrupt state government.
Yeah, how dare you have a corrupt state government. It's not like the Senate should take into account actual lived experience or anything...
I thought Paul was against government waist...
But an increasing debt was bad when it was under Obama.
Great plan Rand! Clearly this will be a complete success, just like it has been every other time it’s been tried. 

Hey Rand, I think you left your spine back in KY somewhere...
It's hiding somewhere in his deep-fried hair.
Where you getting Buck's 
Rand and I are on the same wavelength on taxes- the bigger for our rich donors, the better.

.
It isn’t.
After Amazon's rates are cut Jeff Bezos plans to buy a small planet
Expect any Trump tax cut to have a Bezos clause.
And we both know who has the biggest, folks.
So, the stock market at record highs.
But, you want tax cuts so employees get a raise?
Somehow it’s going to change???
It’s idiotic!
We need tax "reform" but, DT's tax proposal is hodgepodge "cuts" that are not tethered together into a comprehensive "plan" with the budget

NO TAX CUTS UNTIL CONGRESS DOES SOME WORK!!!

Joe this is called sexual harassment
You're just jealous .
Bigger taxes for middle class less for Trump!
And fake hair.

48% Discount On dodocool Bluetooth Speakers, Wireless Mini Po... Order this From Amazon:

 http://amzn.to/2hLnHuR  
