We sure don't want what the Dems have in store 4 us "single payer "
Why?
Takes forever to get a MRI or specialized care. No competion. Socialized medicine
No competition?  Competition for what?  Sick people?
To bring down premiums and deductibles. Getting more for what you pay for
There are no premium and deductibles in single payer.
Taxes. Taxes. How in the world do you think Drs, hospitals get pd? new drugs are invented? By the hair of our Chinychin chins?
Right now through insurance or self pay.  Under single payer through taxes.  Like I said...probably lowere than insurance premiums..
Most civilized countries have free health care for citizens. It should be a right to all! It shouldn't put people in the poorhouse!
Nothing is free. They pay more in taxes
You rate quality of life by how much people pay in taxes?
Where in the hell did you come up with that bit of garbage?
Answering a question with a question. Typical non-response.  Thanks for playing.
You're a typical Dem-Wit
I'm a conservative. But I believe every1 should have health care. My dad got hurt job leaving my mom w/o ins. Surgery bankrupted them.
I'm sorry that has happened to your family. I look @ it this way. A lot of people have taken advantage of our system
Why would it make any difference if the same things are split into 2 bills?
That's what I'd like to know. How does it work??0
Not the same thing at all, but my husband gets good care at VA. Single payer would help VA too.
So does he see the exact same dr EVERY time?Get in at will? Everything a vet needs is given at the time he needs it?
He may have been lucky but yes to all.  I have good insurance but have to wait for appointments, don't you?
Not weeks. Not months. Not years. Why don't you take the initiative and do some homework on the subject
I'm kinda getting tired of Rand Paul. He's so totally mixed up. He just wants to be on TV and want to be alongside Trump.
POTUS knows abt d basics but Congress might not like that idea
First, get rid of mandate law...that's a real choice. Health care should not be FORCED  on anyone. That in and of itself would be a choice
The insured pay for the uninsured when they get sick. Why not make it appealing enough so no one would want to go without?
Don't think it is possible. Premiums and deductibles are so high.  At these rates, only people who have healthcare are those get it free.
Which is why costs of tests, drugs, treatment has to be addressed. And effectiveness of care. That won't likely happen.
An MD has to pay a minimum of 50000.00 per year for malpractice insurance, and higher for specialists. Add office overhead, health insurance
That's why we need to tackle costs at source and not subsidize ins co CEO pay.
Gov won't do that. Already taking Medicare benefits and putting in Medicaid. Over 75yrs old, no Chemo, certain meds not covered, procedures
Yeah... but Canada sucks and so does the quality of their care.
Nothing is free they pay thru taxes then get sub par healthcare. Single payer
We need to take profit out of healthcare!
Profit out of healthcare? Are you kidding me? W/o incentive doctors won't give a shit lol! Centralization & price control never works well.
Of course it doesn't
Look around the world&see how skewed our medical&phama costs are.It starts w/StudentLoanDebt.To afford a Mercedes&a summer home is hard.Waa
I'm praying everyone can work together and do what's best for our broken healthcare system. Most people have a 10,000 deductible are more.
Most people? Tell me which state?
NH...15000 out of pocket before insurance pays ANYTHING
That is more than 1000 per month before any health care. Can you afford that?
Sorry I have decent 6 digital salary with company insurance because I am smart people not the least intelligent people.
I am a well-educated nurse and find it extremely insulting that you think high premiums equal less intelligence. Your grammer speaks for you
At least Intelligent people can find a job anytime anyway. If you have a full time job your company pay insurance for you. It is logic way!
Not everyone can. Many only part-time because small business can't afford insurance for employees. Not good from any standpoint
I stand with YOU!
@RandPaul @potus here's a revolutionary thought. Get the hell out of healthcare. Just set a minimum standard and let private take over.
Let each state do what they  think is correct
OR (and hear me out on this one) what if there were three bills...
Tell the house what you want.  Can't fix it all at one time! You want to have it turn into socialized healthcare? That's where it heading!
@DamoBurns4
that doesn't sound like a breakthrough to me, sounds like what they tried to do on Ryancare bill.
Repeal......
How about universal health care
Nooooooooo
Why ? Because it's cheaper and gives everyone full coverage?
So everyone goes to Drs (who r all pd the same) whenever they want.  How long do you think that will last?
If there's any good no sense reinventing the wheel. Keep what's right, if anything, throw out rest.
Get on board or get out of the way! American people have spoken it's time for congress and the Senate to listen.
Pre existing conditions and kids to 26 is reasonable not a "goodie"
Our 24 yr old asperger child can't get full time work & too high functioning for social security had 3 seizures as teen, both an issue here
I'll pay for it Just don't want her denied coverage or have to go on some expensive crappy plan
How did you deal with this before Obamacare? I'm curious I'm not being rude I'm trying to understand how all of this was covered before.
My husband is a small businessman we had to go on Mhip which was a Maryland guaranteed health care then merged w another firm w insurance
That covered all of us including son with asthma but ACA premiums & deductibles tripled so not a fan of it there needs to be a compromise
Put congress on it - then the people might believe it. No special exemptions for congress. Not good enough 4 congress - not good 4 voters.
Amen sister!
Senator Paul why don't you ask @TheDemocrats a simple question. Do You want to get treated at the VA? The answer is hell no No single payer
They love medicaid so they will not mind VA care.
When the rep get done it will be back like it was if you are poor go to the hosp to er an then you can't pay the bill.
Screw that..repeal obama I don't care..no more spending and entitlements programs
Obama spent 16 months on this meeting with phatma medical field etc.  Trump all he has isnlip service.  Sales man talk dont save lives
Neither do you
I defended this country for 8 yrs i think i did my duty.  And i save lives everyday.
Here's a breakthrough idea: stop pushing Americans toward bankruptcy & death in order to cut taxes for your millionaires donors
God-Awful. At least you know to use a capital G in the word God. That's a great start! MAGA 
If this Trumpcare abomination passes, I truly hope your family is among the first to suffer a medical bankruptcy.
You must live a miserable life.
Typical MAGA moron - supporting policies that would devastate millions of other people, but heaven forbid they devastate *you*
Odumma Care has already destroyed millions. Ur fix? Got one? Odumma Care has failed many. U r just against anything the Rep do.Anything!
You people are clueless how can you comment on something you haven't even experienced, preventive care is the answer.
Single payer is the only way to go, but you guys are beholden to the insurance & pharmaceutical companies!!
Great idea....pass separate bills concerning each issue....
#StandWithRand
THATS. NOT. A. BREAKTHROUGH.  It's a cop out.  Go to work. Create bill worthy of 60 votes.
When going to learn that healthcare is never going to be a free market.  How will the market boycott if it kills them? It's a captive market
Easy solution, offer FEHB-style to all, employers could pick up part of cost or not and pay-as-you-go with cheap major medical coverage.
Rand needs to shut up and help put money into ACA
  2 million will lose care under Trump care. Stop and think about 2 million angry people.

2 bills is a bad idea. Ins is a risk pool, diversity in the pool keeps premiums low.
Sounds good to me?
get him in a room with @tedcruz and hammer this thing out. forget the ACA repaeal, present the FUTURE and ACA will end with it.
too much emphasis is placed on "repeal" thats pure politics, work on getting it right and ACA will be an afterthought,
@RandPaul  please do what's right for the people,& not for your career it will turn out better for you, Support the people and our President
Dems antifa msm liberal judges are enemies to our country, they are dangerous ,terrorists, violent, corrupted & will be brought to justice

The gop is a joke to the world
How about buying insurance for particular maladies?  Cancer, heart, ms etc. so simple and cheap. HSA's to cover everything else.
A GREAT IDEA!!!
RP has it together..is there a dem equivalent??
Just pass a bill you would force UR family to use and afford. If you say 50% of income for dedication is ok than Senate should pay the same.
How about not going on your July 4 recess and getting something done?
Basic elements of quality affordable health care are strong competitive HC markets  & prices, no unfriendly barriers & keep it accountable.
He'd rather sell the party down the river than
get over his humiliating performance in the 
2016 presidential primary....RINO puke
I think that would work
Do you turn it into 2 bills before or after you REPEAL EVERY WORD OF OBAMACARE?
Tort Reform needs to be addressed... that will definitely help bring medical costs DOWN!
politicians ruined free healthcare in American when they created a 20 trillion dollar debt, these politicians are still on the payroll.
I don't care about the health care I'm rich and can afford it besides I'm gets a tax break
Two bills or 20 bills, free trade between state lines for insurance companies must be component.
IF @chuckschumer truly wants to work w/GOP to fix health care, he must agree to completely repeal OC. Then both parties come up w/what works
Make 5 bills
Here's an idea, support ACA and stop the false narrative of its failure so companies won't pull out in fear the government will rape them.
How exactly is this a repeal when Obamacare gets added back in? Not buying it, let's get back to the idea of a #FullRepeal.
#FightBack vs Rove #RINOS
"lost narrative, let sleeping dogs lie" https://twitter.com/SwiftRead/status/880469373772861440 …
https://twitter.com/SenMikeLee/status/879803723488387072 …
@SenMikeLee @marklevinshow
Yes, let's have two trains come off the tracks at the same time. Repeal will pass, but replacement will fail, sounds like a nut job plan!
@Lastdocpa @RandPaul @POTUS Act. Just Act. Repeal it all. Come Together!
Yea, First Repeal then go on vacation, #GetGovtOutOfHealthcare
Sounds like a good idea!!!
why not split it into seven pieces and hide them all over D.C. that way it can never really die? #AHCA #HarryPotter #ThursdayThoughts
Doesn't matter how many times you cut a shit sandwich.
How about repeal Obamacare and go back to free market.
@RandPaul here is an idea, you do not care about everyday Americans and changing the healthcare bill, Time to be just a Doctor again.
3. Politicians are NOT insurance agents. Get out of mandate of insurance. Regulate ins, drug comps, not people. Fix medicare & Medicaid mess
2. Let Obama care collapse, allow insurance companies to compete, regulate them and drug companies, not us. Allow co-ops, pre exist condtns
The only thing we can be certain about the government and health care is: they will screw it up just like VA, Medicare and Medicaid.
Get out
Why just two? Nobody cares how many bills it takes. Just make progress to and fulfill your campaign promises.
always thought that
Good idea – and no insurance for illegals!
I got it this is what trump was talking about cleaning out the swamp get them to sign off on bad piece legislation
Becareful politicians we the people are watching don't follow your leader over a cliff
NOT A BAD IDEA, IT MAY WORK. I CANT WAIT FOR TRUMP"S SURPRISE!
W/ "Xmas ornaments" 4 Democrats?! You disgust anyone with a heart. Just tell the truth: YOU DON'T THINK POOR PPL DESERVE HEALTHCARE.
If such a good idea, pass the moderates version 1st. wait..you're not a moderate
Each state should come up with  their own specific healthcare plan and we can add some federal funding to make the DEMS happy
The CBO
Trump charges no premiums to his own Trump Org employees...they have a Cadillac plan...
Trump held first reelection fundraiser at Trump DC hotel-$35,000 per plate: raised $10 million in own hotel. ETHICAL? He's making $$ on this
Trump provides excellent healthcare to Trump Org employees, but does fight employees trying to form unions w/ culinary or Bartenders
Trump has lied to America..made promises for great healthcare for ALL americans.  Won't diminish Medicare or Medicaid, or d oc ial security
McConnell LIED when he said DEMS refused to take part. Not only did they plead, GOP senators didn't take part either
If wives of committee members were raped, would they insist wife give birth? Rape results in PTSD, like soldiers, parents losing children...
Covers viagara, but not birth control? What happens to women on receiving end of a man on viagara? Women solely responsible for pregnancy?
Healthcare calls rape preexisting & won't cover b. control.  Planned P patients seek cancer screening/birth control - most thru medicaid
Let me guess which bill you want to see first And what happens to Replace bill, once you've got ur Repeal. Bad idea, Sen. Paul, #SaveOurCare
There were NO women on secret healthcare committee: just middle-aged men. Girls begin seeing dctrs when periods begin. Men? injury/illness
That's what Rand Paul has said all along. Two bills. Complete repeal then same day sign healthcare
@RandPaul get off your self made pedestal. We've had enough of your grandstanding obstruction. I guess you'll have to learn at the polls!
Tax cuts for wealthy includes insurers and drug companies. Americans will pay for this,through loss of healthcare or unaffordable
Trump sabataged & threatened insurers with loss of subsidies that kept deductibles and out of pocket exp.  Result? Insurers dropped ACA
NET WORTH: $1.19 million. Median income kentucky: $53,000. NET WORTH OF HEALTHCARE COMMITTEE MEMB: $85.4 million. YES they want tax break
Wow isn't that what a lot of us have been saying for months?
Love this idea, too practical 4 the "Swamp" aka #DCELITE
WHY DONT YOU EVER DISCUSS THE PROBLEM. INS AND PHARM! Making ins cheaper isn't going to fix it Jesus.
Typical politicians solution  to a problem. Smoke and mirrors
I come from Germany. Health care is not more the same. The way Rand and his father Ron Paul was thinking health care is the best.
Love the idea!! Much better than what we've heard!!!
It's not an original, and there was a reason they didn't go that way the first time. If only half of it gets passed it's useless.
Do it! Rand, you have the power, you can do it! You are a very intelligent, persuasive person. You can rally your fellow lawmakers!
@RandPaul What  does do  for Rand Paul to keep his seat when he will not vote for key leg. that the party promised. Better Retirement pay?
Knew Pres would listen to good ideas
If you worked for his company, you would have been fired! Get this shit done!!!!!
Ok everyone, scribble ideas on paper and let's pow wow 1200 and hammer out! This is embarrassing that they've had8 yrs and nothing
If Rand Paul would put 1% of his efforts towards making health care affordable in the first maybe medicaid isn't the evil he pretends.
More people on Medicaid + reduced increases in Medicaid spending = no cuts to Medicaid?  You aren't very good at math, are you? #bullshit
Whatever it takes Rand, just do it 
No,Randy,we want coverage for our .Not huge deductibles&out-of-pocket after paying inflated monthly premiums.Take profit out of healthcare!
Break thru, yall unify
So what's your plan for states likeTX who don't care who screws their citizens?We're 1 of families ACA was written to protect!Access?Afford?
Rand Paul is the beacon of hope conservatives have, he is one of the few adults there with "guts" to do what he promised.
@RandPaul  @POTUS @realDonaldTrump  @McConnellPress Mitch McConnell   This is a Great Compromise!!  Let's #SplitTheBill
This is a great  idea. We don't have to always lump things together.
Thank you @RandPaul for working with our @POTUS to REPEAL and replace Obamacare. You are a fighter for the people.
Thank you for continuing to work with @POTUS coming up with fresh ideas to help save us all from the horrific ACA disaster #MAGA
Such a sell out now. Disappointed in your praising thst vile being that is trump. I thought you had integrity.  But you proved you don't now
Why doesn't Rand join his dad in a retirement home. What a GOP turncoat.
I fully support the Repeal component of your proposed 2pt Bill @RandPaul , I hope the other spending bill won't pass, were Trillions in debt
#RepealTHENReplace
Keep fighting for best health care plan! Your ideas are realistic! Thank you
Sad days in USA when the GOP RINOS prefer BIG GOV bills with Dem support than SMALL GOV bills with @freedomcaucus support!
@RandPaul needs to get ON BOARD the 'TRUMP TRAIN'. President @realDonaldTrump said this will happen in PHASES.
How does @SenateGOP & @HouseGOP keep missing it? #FullRepeal means ALL the tentacles of #Obamacare Every damn last word! #ElectionPromises
What a great idea.
Everything is a nonstarter w/o promised #FullRepeal of #Obamacare NO entitlements! NO subsidies! NO Medicare expansion! #FreeMarket #Debt
This is a pretty good idea.
More BS
Its all crap and will not work as long as government has their dirty greedy hands all over it.
Two Bills is the only way to go repeal first then replace!
Please God
american lawmakers are like molases. They cant even make simple decisions because its so damn corrupt
Trump trying to save healthcare for America and OBSTRUCTIONIST democrats don't care about people.
Good idea
Here are my two bills. Number 1 = #FullRepeal Number 2 = refer to Number 1 @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump #FreeMarkets #Capitalism Repeal it!
Oh, that makes sense: 1 Bill for the 1%, and 1 bill for the poor and majority of USA.  Yeah that makes sense.
Get back to square 1, open ins. to free markets across state lines add $5-25?? to each policy to cover uninsured & pre-existing. DONE DEAL!
I see the right actual trying, will the left continue to be obstructionist?
Beat idea yet. One spending. One regulations. Easier to pass, easier to fix, as time goes on.
This is a great idea @RandPaul  and @Potus, that then suits the various states position in which they come from they don't suffer their vote
Any chance @TuckerCarlson could do a segment about @potus admin w/ @RandPaul instead of rehashing very fake news w/ shills?
why not make healthcare free, when ppl feel healthy and have the right help, thats gonna make huge impact on economy
Repeal the whole thing
Genius!! Henry Clay-style!
Two incomplete shitty bills adds up to one complete shitty bill
sry this 1 is an @tedcruz idea not urs he calls it "bipartisan & partisan"
Here is a novel idea, GOP keep your promise to #RepealObamacare it is that simple. Not Rocket Science, to cater to the pple that elected U
Whatever! Just quit talking about it and get to doing something about it!
It's aaaaall about Paul!
Just burn it! Start anew waht the f is all this nonsense we dont want it!
Thank you for actually trying to work  for the best policies for suffering, hardworking Americans.
Working together, compromise, always better for all AMERICANS! Party should not matter!
Rand is the man
However we do need to cut Obamacare spending to drive down costs as much as possible
The moderates need2be thrown out of congress.They ran on and promised repeal, since they don't need us for 6yrs,they're giving us the finger
One bill that fucks people. And another one that kills them.
Rand being the kind of doctor that does not exploit his position, is in good alignment to bring a better paradigm...
#repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
Why keep trying to back door this in? Just all your people get together and fix it. Your no more right than they are

Sounds like something both sides might be able to agree on!  @RandPaul Thanks for trying to find a better way for ALL.
@AnnCoulter was this close to what you suggested? It sounds good, hope he can get it done!
