unless you're Muslim. Or Latino. Or black with a hoodie. Or choose an abortion. Or think differently. Or Gay.
If America is so bad why do these groups flock TOO America and not away? You're a liar & a bad one.
I'm fairly certain that LGBT & minorities are also born here & still treated like 2nd class citizens. But I'm a bad liar, so
never was the question where they're born. Nice (not really) diversionary tactic.
try to re-read the op, then come back to me.
I accurately pointed out the groups you mentioned at NOT FLOCKING away from America, but flocking TO America. Your a liar
typical #Trumpism, keep saying it until its true. Liar, liar, liar. So clever. And it's "you're", or maybe I'm liar.
you're the standard liberal who makes stuff up to give self something to rail against lol. Nothing new.
so compassionate that rich folks need a tax cut to do it
actually the US is the second most charitable country behind Myanmar according to the CAF world giving index
Most charitable means nothing when most of the money is pocketed by millionaire CEOs.
the saying is put your money where your mouth is 2015 we donated 373.25 billion to charity
Again that number doesn't carry an impact if it's not going to people who NEED it.
so your point is that the people you think 'need' it aren't getting enough?
my point is when a charity is giving cents per dollar donated, there is something wrong.
now your argument is about the effectiveness of charities I thought it was millionaire CEOs
if we are so compassionate then let's have a single payer health care system like Canada and the civilized world @CNN
I lived in Switzerland for 2 yrs, had baby there. Don't believe what you hear about their system.
I live in Canada pay $75 per month and have amazing healthcare. I want this for all US.
I'm glad you like yours. I had a terrible experience in Switzerland with socialized medicine.
@SenSanders sounds like one of Bill Clinton 's angry old white men.
Well said Senator
Unless its the government being compassionate, it doesn't exist apparently.
Weird, coming from the guy who said "It's stupid to give insurance to people with preexisting conditions."
So compassionate we help the children we bomb.
Ya that's why PEOTUS is always telling us our inner cities are like 3rd world counties.... really compassionate
More people have been murdered in Chicago than in the war we are in...
What war and when did Congress declare war on the country we are at war with?
we declared war after 9/11......
yes two separate times, once in Afghanistan and once in Iraq.
and the point still stands.
the point that we currently are not at war with any country declared by congress? So ur 1st claim holds no water?
we are in a war against terror.  Officially declared.  We have been since 9/11. Semper Fi
Yes
?
love rand payl and his dad too. Ron paul. Two of americas great Patriots  god bless them for there work. Audit the fed
Jesus, this is the textbook definition of a strawman argument. You can do better than this Senator Paul.
Sen Tim Kane is a loser. Didn't I see a YouTube video belittling his daughter. Not a nice man
V.P. PENCE "PROHIBITED" HIS 23 YR. OLD "GROWN" DAUGHTER FORM ATTENDING THE WOMEN'S MARCH ON WASHINGTON ? WOW! 
she is more liberal,he lets her decide--yet--her safety and those charged to protect her.obamas girls AWOL too
Someone needs 2 tell Bernie that.  He said in confirmation hearings that we aren't.  But then he's an idiot.
Private giving & Dr.s working pro bono is not addressing the millions of people that the ACA helped cover. Bernie's point
Having never worked outside of gov't, Bernie Sanders has no concept of compassion outside ineffective gov't giveaways.
I wonder what percentage of his salary he gives to charity.
4%
Thank you. I found the same info.
God bless this man(let).
Hear! Hear!
but are we really?
#muslimban
thank you Sen. Paul.
Bernie the BONEHEAD.
I couldn't agree more. We're a very compassionate country. I work w/ the most devoted people, ever. #MedicalMissions
Retirees cannot afford a Cut of any kind in their SS or increase in Med or we will become less. Then it will be welfare
only compared to the natural conclusion of your political theory... feudalism.
Thanks for setting @BernieSanders straight.  #Truth
honestly? Why do we bother to waste our time with such nonsense.
I agree. However, we need to understand that God wills civil government also bow to His compassion. Hands?
Bernie is just a dopey Communist who has lived his whole life off the Government teat.
For 10th Yr @ALDF Ranked Kentucky WORST State in U.S. for Animal Protection LAWS. #Compassion 
on individual levels yes compassion but hardly when considering healthcare.   Try your logic on the insurance companies.
Republicans and Church Groups give away more money than just about anyone. Good Job Paul!
hey beings it's going on l unnoticed and I appreciated... We need to stop all the giving  Americans First.. SeeNow
is Bernie still living in his mother's basement?
well done You put that Socialist in his place!
#realDonaldTrump #maga
Compassionate of Republicans never doing jack shi# for the American people
You ran twice and lost, so you're still a loser.
lol. that BS arguments. blablablah numbers don't matter, blahblahblah we donate to charities :D rofl
watch out many commies on these tweets
TAKE YOUR RHETORICAL BS AND SHOVE IT--SOC SEC WOULD BE FLOURISHING IF NOT ABUSED BY U ALL WORKING MIDDLE2 MAKE RETIREMENT
ITHINK OK2TAKE FROM SOC SECURITY- ALREADY HELPED RAID IT=U NEED 2 RESIGN==WHY I WENT @realDonaldTrump  NOT YOU-THIEF
@ReillocNaes @RandPaul  also incredibly ignorant but we don't we don't know that. Coz u know, ignorant 
Terrific Rand Paul!
"this number that number" he means data. Rand Paul thinks the data is a lie. Good job.
Thanks to Senator Rand Paul for setting the record (and Sen. Sanders) straight. What an eloquent response! Spot on!
Bernie doesn't think so.
Clip won't play for me.
@peddoc63 @RandPaul we need rand in senate now. perhaps he can be potus before i die...
Yeah but he wants to bring back lack of insurance so the young and uninsured like his father's campaign manager kent Snyder-- can all die...
@muskrocket1 @RLNTLSDD
Well said
Absolutely hit it out of the park. If Socialists understood this, they wouldn't be Socialists. @BernieSanders
unless you live in parts of Chicago, the murder capital of America. Nice job Rahm. Liberal policies work great dont they?
Stand with Rand!
You misspelled "judgememtal"
except with refugees
As usual, Randy is full of elephant crap.
If you are rich, the system is "compassionate".
If you are poor, you get a band aid and are kicked out the door.

We have the highest drub prices in the world.
So compassionate you believe children dying of cancer should use GoFundMe to pay for their chemo treatments.
YES...Thank you Rand!
you were spot on today! We are  a very compassionate country.
#StandWithRand
thank you for speaking the truth.
watching these hearings it is clear that republicans are hope filled and dems are dead in the eyes. Scary as hell 
That compassion, the heart on the sleeve, is why we are in the dire straits we are in today! Time to toughen up!
thank you  senator Paul for standing up for America.
I agree We are a very compassionate country! Could we do more, yes! I see more work needed in families-communities!
Bernie Sanders is a classic example of why a Socialist should never be seriously considered for the Presidency #brexit #tcot #tt #MAGA
Thank you Rand.  Wonder how much Senator Sanders donates (of his own time & money)??!!

#pricehearing
you know he's one of the least paid senators bc he doesn't give himself raises :^)
true
exactly the point Sen Paul
Senator @RandPaul never ceases to be amazing and a voice of reason in all of this mess.
it is good to be reminded just compassionate the USA is and has been. Thank you Sen Paul
@SenSanders has a commie heart. He is a waste of C02.Step down commie Bernie
Proud to call you my Senator, Mr. Paul.
but did Bernie listen?

The bombs #OscarLopezRivera planted in NYC killed and maimed dozens of innocents and cops. Obama freed him. 
Cranky wacko Bernie Sanders is a nut. He won't be happy until we dedicate our entire GDP to "helping the poor". ffs
Nicely said
YES! Very well said
get the F'n http://fed.gov 't n state gov't out;open freedom of choose across states free market it's my body
==Watched your ques to Gov. Haley..re: going to war/conflicts without consent from Congress..I agree..never should happen
@TimKane your a lawyer and you guys are the problem with healthcare. Written by lawyers and lobbyist. No humanity in healthcare
I have a Medicare Solution --give my husband our full Social Security and let us use money to pay for healthcare
there was a time when government wasn't the one who helped a person with their healthcare bills, but the church.

important rebuttal to, and distinction from, @SenBernie 's negative outlook. What a way to go through life.
I wish everyone would show their compassionate side especially now when the country is so divided.
Ur right Unfortunately it's what keeps blacks, 13% of pop, down Its time to reform welfare & get them to help themselves
Democrats, you mean. Republicans want to rip away our health insurance!
That's right, so don't piss them off!
One of the best statements you have ever made. Thank you for taking stand against Bernie Sanders.
"No your not"
yes that's why we bomb the Middle East into ruin
Thank You Rand Paul for setting Bernie straight.  Again these progressive Libs would rather trash US to advance agenda.
Then make the cuts in plan parent hood and welfare and let the charitable tax-deductions donation pick the part of the bill.
BRAVO @RandPaul for saying we ARE a compassionate nation UNLIKE Bernie [@SenSanders ] who said we were not!
society may be compassionate, you are not.
well said
why, are the Dems pushing coverage for children up to 26 yrs of age?
non of us 40 yrs and older had that. Why is that now a right?
when your 18, all rights have been laid out. Only since OBAMA CARE IS 26 AN ISSUE
Unfortunately, we are not. Everyone is focus only for themselves that forget there are other people around them.
great segment! Too bad had to be followed by he who will remain unnamed 
yes we are sir, why then do the Dems act the way they do?  Very upsetting@
so transparent, can't understand why they continue w/ agenda. FRANKLE is such a joke!
if Frankel is the Dems attack dog, THAT DOG CAN'T HUNT!!
BS politician answer.
wouldn't know compassion if it kissed him on the cheek...
hear this, Sanders?
... you guys have a lot to learn.
Spent 24 years travelling the world, I can tell you that America is one of the most compassionate societies on earth.
@BernieSanders our country donates and serves more than any country in world. Bernie needs to move - clearly not MAGA
@BernieSanders furious Trump beat him. Says we aren't compassionate. He is Socialist. Let rich pay poor medical.Communist
Wrong
U hit the nail on the head. Out generosity is unsurpassed
Amazing questions! Thank you for your intelligence and wisdom and focus on the correct issues
I have compassion for women's health issues and all underprivileged. I'm not Rich, and don't want to help pay their bills
#BaDumBum
@deeathomedee @RandPaul so glad he said that. @SenSanders had the audacity to say the contrary earlier
yet this is the kind of garbage liberals share on fb. It's a total and complete fabrication and why they lost.
too compassionate! (despite what crazy Bernie says)
is a guy that makes a lot of sense (most times!).
what a dick highestest level of child poverty of all industrialized countries etc
FRANKEN is truly scared now? HE wasn't  scared to sign a blank bill that had to be passed to read it..Did he buy his house that way
Hehe, yeah, that's a good one.  Hehe.
I wish Mr. Paul would shut Frankenstein up.
are you sure you have the right society?
This hearing shows how stupid the Democrats R.The head Clown is Franken,how unknowledgable he is .Bring in the Clowns! 
tell that idiot sen Benet that everyone matters not just the people of Colorado!
BULLSHIT
That's why the first thing that will be done is passing legislation that will cause 30m to lose health care coverage?
yes you will be the first one
"We're an incredibly compassionate society. " TOO Funny we're compassionate giving money OVERSEAS you said NOTHING in USA
This is why PEOTUS says put Americans first
Go Rand!! great job!!
Thank you Rand Paul!! There is no other country as generous and as compassionate as us!
That guy that was saying Rep. Price about having tobacco funds, that's very possible. I had 401k that had mutual funds.
heathcare 4 all Americans. Appropriate healthcare is a basic human right
Bernie and the Dems would only be happy if 100% of the country had everything provided for them.
How to trust Congress that are protesting, to Choose the Right Cabinet People for the Job? By Protest they show prejudice
So how Can we the people place our Faith in Protesting Congress that they will Choose correct Cabinet person for Job?????
Dems need to spend their time asking legit questions and less of it giving campaign speeches. Unwatchable.
thanks sen Paul #voiceofreason
I'm still trying to figure out the stock deal,why does it matter,help get health care where we can afford it.
yes. America is compassionate. You, Senator Paul, are not
He's given people their eyesight back for free.So they can see.He's an Eye Surgeon.That's compassion.
this is policy not individual action. There is a difference. Please read more widely
You said he had none.Our Med Ins went up 7K a year since this ACA.Making us poor now is not compassion
that is the insurance company's fault. You have for profit insurance. They must make a profit off of you.
I've had Med Ins for ever. The rates have gone super crazy since the http://ACA.You  must not pay yourself.
in your face @BernieSanders because your NOT doesn't mean the US isn't! Move to a communist country and find out.
Amen!!!
How are we to Believe these Congress people whom r showing prejudice for P.E.& Voters to make just decisions on Cabinet??
if the GOP has had such a good plan since 2009, where is it???
GOP had ideas to make the ACA better but Obama didn't want GOP's ideas, there4 we got Obamacare, not ACA.
ACA=Obamacare
Obamacare = Crap
well, $700 yearly in the ACA or $9,000 pre-ACA.  4 better coverage 
Nice try... You conveniently left out $3500 - $7474 for Deductible.  Plus max OOP costs 7-12k
deductible is ~$500 less now. State pool doesn't cover much with pre-existing conditions
someone has to address the issues that have been kicked down the road.  Obama care is collapsing on itself
-Witch Hunt continues!!!
Please explain to Sen Franken the basics of investing. He obviously has NO IDEA what he is talking about.
why doesn't that chicken$?!: fraken go ahead and call him a liar! Fraken is a worthless!
what is going on with these questions are they trying to stop the new staff and Obama care
But not Putin's Puppet Trump
Not one ounce of compassion
A Soulless Damaged Human

Yet this what you voted for: #Hypocrite #Trump #Trumpcare
Rand Paul would be a much better choice than Trump. Trump is more protectionist than Democrats.
Thank you Rand.
Rand Paul says a lot in such a short amount of time!!!!
Franken is such a sleaze! Hitting price for owning tobacco stocks nhis portfolio! Says he ignored his Hippocratic oath!
Lol. Ok I'm out...
Counterpoint:
We have compassionate Doctors that spend their time practicing in countries there their governments provide free care

Keep pushing this Unproven Fake News angle, the Dems/Socialists who lost the election are!
This one fake too?
Do You'all in the Dem/Socialist groups always change the subject when unable to answer?
The subject is only one: Trump is unfit to be president. PERIOD. Nice deflect try tho
Compassion or not, sometimes the only way business will play ball is through legislation requiring them to do so.
The walkers were bit by other
walkers.
What were liberals and Democrats bit by?!
honestly, this whole thing is a sham. The Dems do not have an open mind. They are so set of 'them vs us'. Its WE, AND US.
These hearing are a time to interview candidates, not pontificate.... For the sake of our country, VET these candidates.
Swamp Creature
some of us are & some of us are only compassionate to those who can pay for it #improveaca don't repeal #pricehearing
to other countries maybe
and WE are a PASSIONATE society as well... JUST NOTE HOW WE VOTED!!!
Ironically, compassionate to the extent of being not compassionate nor fair to those who play by the rules @LarryOConnor
Very true!!!
Is He high again?
no but #Frankenstein is
