STFU, r-a-n-d! U sure don't think our act like a d-o-c-t-o-r! Closer to a vet...
Eliminate insurance company middlemen
Establish Universal Healthcare
$100 a month, no copays
Holistic healthcare
Peer review
Try it out in California first. Poor people can't afford 100 dollars if their jobs are taken by robots.
Many jobs need be created to address looming healthcare crisis
Unemployment due to uncertain tax healthcare reform
It's a shame you hand picked who could attend & cherry picked them as ones who only support your ideals, no one else. VERY TELLING.
Everyone knows a diverse experience & a broad spectrum of pp voicing their's is not heckling. It's called a productive conversation. Try it.
Ask them questions, Rand.
Senator, we need to hear from you, and expose this biased investigation that's going on!! We need to see you defend the president..
Why are you talking to professionals and not the average person afraid it might get out of control . That is one of most hit areas of KY.
The average person has an iq of only 98. I wouldn't want their input on anything.
Senator Paul, please only vote for full repeal.  We cannot afford another entitlement.
no access 2 health insurance which is practically a death warrant in US. U can call a bad plan, but it's not an entitlement.
Only a step away from single payer.  This should never happen.
I hope they asked the question why we can't just fix what's broke instead of repealing cuz they're makes it worse and people going to die
$20k annual premium + $5k annual deductible + co-pays I have an insurance card, but can’t afford healthcare! Repeal ACA fully !
You are paying for the Obamacare recipients making < $40K who have almost no deductibles and very, very low premiums. No wonder THEY like it
#SinglePayer #SinglePayer #SinglePayer
Get on it Senator! Keep fighting for me and my family.
Do something about @justinamash we need him gone!!!! Can't move the needle with this creep
No reform just repeal!
Repeal Obamacare 100%. Industry will replace Obamacare with robots. Robots don't need healthcare. Just wait and see.

I pay cash for our primary care and have an "oh shit" policy for catastrophic. Houses don't have insurance to cover mowing & paint jobs.
Get it right Rand
Stop talking about it and fix it!
Thank you !!!
You have an opportunity to FIX the ACA. Please put america first. Stable markets stable healthcare system
Make Medicare-For-All the sole coverage for politicians. 
Watch the improvements and funding magically appear.
Awesome. Thanks for sharing. We're counting on you Dr. Paul #DirectPrimaryCare for the win. #HSA freedom
What about access to canabis for all?
Then we can have a market where people can afford to see the doctor without having to depend on the government! Teach people how to fish!
Senator We need Decriminalization of Medical Cannabis We are Suffering Needlessly I would be happy to speak with you about My Health Issues.
And how Big Pharma Opioids almost killed me
Does the Senate ever work?
why don't we hear about tort reform?
Ask them to bring their outrageous prices down..... thank in advance!
Why can only the aristocracy grow medical cannabis in Ohio? What % of population has $1 mill in bank and $250,000 for license? #inequity
Too much regulation... Unable to buy insurance across state lines.. Need tort reform
#StandWithRand
Actually, Rand, UR not properly certified in your specialty. You formed/joined an unofficial group to self-certify b/c officials wouldn't
Please repeal Obamacare is killing this country
Hope someone asks you why republicans aren't backing up our president against democrat attacks
As a biomedical equipment technician, I have a question. What is being done about the Medical Device tax?
That's a very good question!
How about a town hall w/your very own constituents w/no concessions or limits put on the subject matter??! Your employers want to talk to U!
You can start by telling them to be reasonable with cost of care! Their industry drives up the out of control cost! That's crucial!
No, you're just hiding from tRump and any reporter asking you questions SMH
So is Congress going to make any meaningful, positive changes or are we stuck with Obamacare?  Congress is accomplishing nothing so far...
Please share the Q & A. We the consumers would learn something
Surprised you're still supporting pussy grabber Trump. He's off dining with Saudis. 
Why bother? You're just going to vote the party line anyway. Doesn't matter how many you hurt, you have lobbyists to worry about.
Awesome. Btw, your party is on fire.
Please stand strong with our president
Your presidents gone to Saudi Arabia to having dinner with Sheikhs and maybe open another Trump hotel over there. 
No my President has gone to Saudia Arabia to clean up another big mess from our totally incompetent and willful last president.
I did like him bowing to the Saudi's and then selling them 1B$ worth of weapons. He's really cleaning up the mess. 
Who is MAS MACHO?
Both but Rands the man....#StandWithRand
COME TO YOUNGSTOWN. ily.
