
BING BING !!!! BREAKING !!

Shocking NEW EVIDENCE Obama knowingly VIOLATED the Constitution for years !!

…
The NSA is still filled with Obama's puppets! Drain the swamp!
It will he brought to light how over the line the Obomba and his admin were. But....we all need to keep screaming. We will be heard
Agreed
Rand media is probably going to try to destroy u now for speaking out. U have so much courage to stand up for usa! 
And FBI let private contractors rifle through unmasked citizen data
Rand Paul has said Donald Trump is a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag, He was dead on right.
Here's your tissue []. ___ GO_TRUMP-PENCE_16:20
Trump humpers who voted for a Russian Puppet and wave Russian flags are not Americans, they are traitors to our Nation.
There was a song written JUST FOR YOU... "Dazed and confused". Take a listen, it MIGHT straighten your Sorry snowFLAKE ars, key word might.
Yesterday proof came out of 4th Amend violation & who the guilty parties were. This is all you should be talking to media about
Then can we stop this program Senator Paul
Another crime committed by Oblama Admin that has not been investigated...yet!
Agreed! It's outrageous
We are seeing evidence that this access is being abused.
Yep! It's scary and unconstitutional.
We became a lawless country for 8 years. The millennials have no idea how great this country can be.  #MAGA    
We need to get back to following the Constitution. All Americans have constitutional rights but no group has special rights.
That is what the Dems have done to us. Divided us into boxes with labels--voting blocs. Special interests. What happened to the melting pot?
Are you kidding me? The GOP gerrymandered every repub southern state to disenfranchise voters who would vote Democratic #bananarepublic
Dude that is just an excuse used by the Dems for loosing elections, poor policies, and the division THEY created.
No actually it is not sadly. I lived in a largely black neighborhood in St Pete after the repub state rewrote our district was cut in 1/3s
Ive been anti-deep state NSA surveillance ever since Snowden leaks. We have a Constitution in this country!
Better a Grand Jury and a Prosecutor. #LockHimUp
I'm strangely starting to find myself in agreement with @RandPaul more and more
He's the real deal man. Lets hope he runs for president in 2020.
And what is @GOP @HouseGOP @SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan They even spied on you. And not a word from our great Party. How sad.
This is part of Obama, Brennan, Clapper illegal actions. Where R the Arrests on illegal actions +arrests of Leakers? @SenTedCruz @HouseGOP
We the people demand justice & people need to be held accountable! Obama is not above the law!!
Nooo. This was shown to be untrue
You are the only Republican I would ever vote for.
The NSA program started with G.W. Bush and expander under Obama, we need to be fair in order to make the right judgement
Nut case
Take the crooks down!
How do we prosecute prior administration for this blatant criminal behavior? Accountability matters

Did they monitor Corporations/American using excuse ~they were talking to foreign clients/business? Use NSA/IRS Info 4 political gain?
Abuse of visa court. now this is an issue that deserves a special council.
Info on abuse of702 by
Obama Admin is final Proof that NSA&DC canNOT be trusted with this information.702 should NOT be re-authorized!
That's because Rand Paul knows he and many other Republicans unmasked
Can't somebody shut this Trump traitor up ??  I really hope that he and his lackeys fail miserably at re-election !!!
Our Constitution is everything, & in Mafia style, Obama's Admin has befouled all 3 branches of our fed gov!
W/NO justice to be found in DC
I love Rand @RandPaul
This is the real crime! What will be done?
And if you think you can trust the govt to stop, think again. Need oust all incumbents & get real reformers to jail these thugs. #MAGA
America wants:
1. Special Counsel to investigate the OBAMA ADMINISTRATION & NSA.
2. For once; JUSTICE.
If there's any left in the DC Swamps.
A tool for catching terrorist!
2/3 buy materials to make a bomb, they will be investigated. Or if a bad guy emails someone in the U.S. trying to recuit them. This is a
1/2 What is wrong with u people! DO YOUR RESEARCH. This is the internet. If someone is searching on how to make a bomb or looking where to
3/3 would be a search on them.  So be careful what u search for on the Internet.
2/3 is looking up how to make a bomb. This 702 is used to catch terriost. For example if a terriost is email a person in the U.S. there
1/2 Before u open your mouth, do your research!  This isn't phone calls. This is internet.  What people are searching. If someone looking
Great speech today. There should be a serious investigation into these unlawful acts of past administration which was rebuked by Fisa Courts
And now, our intel community leaks info RE: Manchester & may have hurt UK's investigation. UK s/b mad & may not trust US Intel. I don't!
Totally obvious !!!!
NSA said it will  delete “the vast majority” of the illegal surveillance because Obama and NSA knew they were doing it against the law.
If he only had a brain.
Can we ARREST former president Barack Hussein Obama yet for felonies committed?
Complete crickets from DIMS. Shocker
Where is the left screaming "police state?" They like "the police state" when they're in charge of it. Fed gov is tyrannical police state.
An
sort of? Smh lol
not even using the FISA or FOIA??  if that's the case.. Obama broke 2-3 laws in one fell swoop.
It's called the homeland security bill get rid of it
This is confirmed by a declassified FISA Court report found via Drudge web site
Dr "Nutjob"!
And what ever happened to the #complex that was to house the info there is still news there.
He is right
That's how they did it
#StandWithRand
NSA should be shut down and their servers destroyed.
@RandPaul happens to be right on point. Up to us to decide what price to pay, that's what he has to know we decide not him
Rand Paul is always right..
Absolutely agree.  This outrageous. All this started by Obama admin.  What were they afraid of, or worse, who were they looking for?
Please keep up the fight on the @RandPaul. We need true patriots like  you! #MAGA
I can't even look at something without being bombarded with adds we give up all privacy I'm sure the government knows more than Google
Absolutely Criminal started by corrupt democrats
Wish you'd just go clean teeth. Leave the protecting of Americans to the our brave men and women. You've become a bad joke!!!
You are the only Republican now working!  Thank you! @GOP this man is a true leader and should have support not that monster u r in bed with
That WAS supposed to have been solved BUT remember that lying CLAPPER? He should be locked up!!!
And everyone is worried about Trump. We really have it wrong. Obama was the real spy.
@RadioFreeUnite @RandPaul
Why are politicians above the law.. getting old
Let'em have it @RandPaul #StandwithRand they might be spyin' on me 2
Then stop acting like proper suits and get your street fighter on!!! What's it going to take to light a fire under you GOP?
PERFECT TP SPY ON POLITICAL OPPONENTS AND THEY DID
Well if it's without using a warrant then it's inadmissible
I'll think to xx President Obama
Why are liberals so blasé about fed spying?
Rand does like the back door.
Thank you @RandPaul for standing of for #liberty #rand2020
This is the real story, the rest is subterfuge.
Best Senator ever.
Should  American citizens engaged in espionage & treason have their conversations with foreign agents protected?
They admit they do this:
http://circa.com/politics/barack-obamas-team-secretly-disclosed-years-of-illegal-nsa-searches-spying-on-americans …
There's "important" and then there's "current."  Save this story for when there isn't other news.  Hint: there is other news.
And it has to STOP!
Yes! Scream this from the rooftops! Obama is a sneaky criminal who spied on ordinary citizens.
Weed them out and prosecute. It's the only way to stop the deep state.
Do ya think?
Rand, a watchdog for everyone regardless if you agree with him.
Rand Paul so right! Obama and administration most evil in history! Sold out our Government! Treason!
Time to get this very evil group out of society and in Jail!
Time to get rid of the policy because you can't trust the government anymore.
@TGowdySC @BretBaier @Judgenap @JudgeJeanine Obama illegally spied on Americans for years. Where's the special prosecutor?
problem is none of the Republicans have the back bone or balls to dream for an investigation like the left does
Unconstitutional and disgusting abuse of Power....
Plus they know everyones porno views 
I'm not for NSA spying on us but HOW would they find who's doing bad without it? It's a CATCH-22.
It didn't help the Boston bombing, Chattanooga, Florida bar, San Bernadino or Ft.Hood! He's spying on ppl to blackmail for politics!
so what r u going to DO to change this DEEDS NOT WORDS!!!!
Most of us have nothing to hide.
That's not the point.
Keep this in the forefront @RandPaul.
The people that say spying is wrong are probably the same people that didn't care about Obama spying
This guy has been right about this for a long time. It's the reason for the Intel kaos happening now. Put an end to this backdoor B.S..
Obama used the NSA to spy on Americans.
@RandPaul - one of few politicians worth listening to.  You could've had THIS president, America....just saying!
good old Privacy Act law doesn't work in this country anymore I've been in telecommunication for 20 years government has full control
That would be the USA PATRIOT ACT -- ushered in by ole 'Dubya, in the wake of 9/11 ...
So who is going to jail, oh right, nobody.  Y'all are ridiculous.
Obama was n is a sneaky snake.
BINGO!
we already know this, what we want to know now, is what does he plan on doing about it. We can start by giving susan rice a subpoena
They will spy on you legally or illegally. It is what we do.
GOP Lawmakers, We never said that! YELL  fake news! fake news!  but, we have tape!, oh, uhm well,  we were just kidding when we said that
Where is the special counsel??
So when the hell will we see an investigation into the obama surveillance?? Wtf is Sessions waiting for
WHY ARENT WE TALKING ABOUT HOW THE UK KNEW ABOUT THIS KID & DID NOTHING LIKE THE FBI DID NOTHING HERE,
Rand is right sand this spying is wrong.
FOX NEWS SPREADS LIES ABOUT MURDER VICTIMS. FOX NEW IS FAKE NEWS #MAGA #FireHannity
