Give it a rest, Senator. Local police could use this kind of equipment to deal with drug gangs, potential terrorist and leftist rioters
So you want to use jack booted authoritarians to fight other authoritarians? That's not liberty. Trumpers are just as tyrannical as leftists
People just beg to have a statist government put their boot on their throats just a little bit tighter .

Is creation of a police state is the intended goal? Too late. It's already in effect.

If we don't arm & protect our police, then we must give them authority & power to keep ALL violence off the streets.
You don't trust our police to handle it properly? Oh ye of little faith. We all may need them the way things are going
And your certain of this because???
This is one of the reasons you won't get reelected because of your non support of our President.
Militarized police is terrifying, as are thugs running chaotically through our cities.
Quit messing around with this & have the House send a clean REPEAL of ACA & lower taxes! Those are 2 huge things that Congress promised!
i think there needs to be an investigation for fraud by sessions and trump over marijuana and using religion as their real reason so lying
It is not a Police state It is a Rule of Law State

With Americas might not here at home who will defend the nation THE POLICE !!!! Trump is preparing the nation. See you don't want the truth
Once again, U are wrong. I don't know why I am surprised because U are wrong every time you talk or record a thought. Ken. will vote U out.
who's rand Paul again?

By the way the elite are planning to destroy most southern states through weather modifications. So if they are gone who will fight.
I don't like too much power in government, especially the way Berkeley police is like, but good ones need it for antifa.
Why are so many of your colleagues silent? I'm for law&order but not turning police into armed military. When will congress stand up to him?

Rand our Cajun Navy is in danger rescuing people and animals getting shot at looters are stealing from stores and homes! Support our police!
I can’t believe you would stop police from getting the much needed tools to fight crime! Officers are being killed and you don’t care
Step down Rand!!!!
Don't you understand what's getting ready to happen. WW3 that means every able body will be out of the country fighting.
The southern states that allow purchase of guns will be ok it's the northern states which have Been stripped or made impossible to own one
Let me enlighten all of you Mr trump is aware civil war is on the way and many citizens are not armed this is a way to protect them.
Come on Rand! If used properly, which it will, don't be so paranoid. #lawandorder has got to be available. Smh
Rand u do something rational 1 day & something idiotic the next. Tired of Ur schizophrenic decisions. Retire to an asylum & leave U.S. alone
I gave up a long time ago. Monday he's rational & Tuesday he's a hack. Wednesday he's bought & paid for. Thurs he's against everyone.
Weapons of war have no business in the hands of civilian law enforcement.
And besides the weapons sold to police force are stripped and are given a non-military version. Kinda like the humvee. Stop fearmongerin's
military equipment in the hands of local police department... what could go wrong with that?
Trump has covered his bases.chaos is coming and we're gonna need all the help we can get.yes the police will be a last ditch off defense
I trust my local police a whole lot more than the Government!
I agree
Don't agree with Rand on this boys in blue deserve the best and should not be out gunned on the streets
GOOD! THE DAMN POLICE DO NOT NEED MILITARY GEAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Why? What's he affraid of? God help us if we hurt some ciminals feelings. Geez!!!!
For me, it's an issue of balance. If the police need it, so do the people.
Keep thinking like barbaric animals, karma is a bitch.
What do the fucking police need with grenades, get real, what is y'all's problem, this need to treat other people like animals, fix problems
Rand. Love you. But Antifa changed the way the police force needs to be equipped. ANARCHISTS.
No, the KKK and Neo NAZIS are far better armed than Anything, much more violent, fanatical and organized, terrorists, stop twisting truth
Police should be demilitarized, community policing should be used, or else things will get violently worse, have U learned nothing
That's why the ban was put in place, police happy to pull the trigger and inflict pain against peaceful protesters too.
We all know who military equipment will be used against, not neo Nazis and kkk
I used to think highly of Senator Rand Paul.
Unbelievable!!!! We are suffering! Yet you continue your political crap!!! How dare you! No shame!
I agree. We don't need more artillery on the streets--we need justice and fair treatment. Militarization treats the symptom, not the cause.
Terrible waste of money. Unless you're thinking civil war. You'd be privy to that. Us mere mortals in the real world aren't.
Expansion of government power in this realm?Police being told stand down when they should create barriers when out of control. Get real!
We have equipment, lacking now community leadership that allow police to do their job. No stand downs when Antifa shows up. Berkeley Mayor
Who cares what you think?
NO let's use what ever we have and rebuild our armed forces.  Stop worrying about nonsense and work together to build a stronger America.
Thank you, Sen. Paul. Most police have said militarizing them works against working with the community to protect, serve, engender trust.
A large percentage of officers in my town are veterans or national guard. Not a doubt in my mind they know how to handle & effectively use.
@RandPaul as long as you keep opposing @PONTUS, we will keep opposing YOU!
Rand just loves to oppose anything Trump tries to accomplish.  I  hear Trump is about to have a bowl movement....get busy to oppose!!!
Who has oversight going forward? We support local le but we need right to defend ourselves 1st  Give  what they need but Liberty is priority
Say it to his face. Punch it while you're there.
Why don't you just step down you don't agree on anything you are one sorry person. You are also a traditor to your party and the people.
#StandWithRand
One of the few things I disagre whit Trump on thank you!
Rand Paul doesn't little but "oppose"
Militarizing the police will just open the gap between police and Citizens. Police on the beat in neighborhoods would be more effective!
The drug lords in America have this stuff.  Police need to be able to do their jobs safely.
Are things really that out of control that they need grenades? I'm not seeing the logic.
He blocks everything and thus does nothing.  Too bad.
What doesnt he oppose ?? Rand Paul opposes anything that he doesnt think of...
Repeal Lautenberg now and save the 2nd amendmendt!
Give them military grade gear when they start earning military grade pay.
I think he's wrong on this.
If your going to release the kraken for the police, you need to release the kraken for the civilians.
BREAKING NEWS: Senator Rand Raul is anti-police.....and maybe ok with the violence of Antifa?
So what...you were sooooo successful with healthcare...
Gotta agree, militarization of domestic police is illegal & only advancing the Police State I believe we're living in.
Why oppose?
Disagree with Sen. Paul. I think our Law enforcement should be as well armed as the criminals they protect us from.
Can you link to any articles showing crimimals armed with military weapons?
And this is why you won't go any further than you have in politics...
This idiot apposed everything Trump wanted.
You have nice ideas Senator! However, LEO need the tools for the times. They are our first responders, and as a vol FF, They protect us!
Even a broke clock is right twice a day
I can agree/ disagree with all parties at some point. Sir, people don't pick up on the PRINCIPLE of your position, they don't get it. I do 
He's the leader of YOUR party.  YOU own this.  IMPEACH.
Rand Paul is a great guy but he is weird as all get out.
Police are for local peace keeping not occupation! You & I disagree w/ Prez&AG on this Sen. See libs this is what open dialogue looks like!
As a mother of police officer you are wrong on this Mr Paul!!!
Im dissapointed Rand...
you  are  a  democrat  in  disguise....youre  disgusting to  me...id  never
  vote  for  you
Obviously he doesn't care abt the safety n welfare of our police officers. Nds to see how heavily armed crooks held off LAPD a few yrs bk.
God forbid the police use military equipment to deal with things such as terrorism.
It ain't his fault... it's the SMALL DIGIT SYNDROME taking over!
I have to disagree with you on this one. President made the right decision.
if these leftists ever got control of the government.  How do you like militarized police now? On other H they protect is from the Feds?
Shocker.
The cops sometimes need it
Nooooooooo!
Thank you
Shame on you Rand. Police in today's environment need all the tools they can get. Shame on you Rand!!!
We agree on one thing
you are a democrat in sheeps clothing nothing but a RINO!!!!!!!!!
So silly Rand  keep or cities safe.
Agree, police need 2 stay police if the need arises the Gaurd can preform any stronger response needed 2 subdue a militant gang or terrorst!
Just likes to see himself on TV
And he's wrong for doing-so.  Leave the protecting to the protectors...
Please do your research and then gracefully cha 've your mind on your opposition
After Obama years, our life are under attack more then ever and need that equipment to protect their lives and save ours
I THINK THEY NEED IT. IT'S NOT LIKE THEY WILL USE IT 24/7. THANK ONCE ABOUT OUR POLICE OFFICERS. THEY PROTECT US. SUPPORT THEM
Support doesn't = military equipment. That's national defense. I  police officers and their guns are still shooting straight last I heard 
Where our policy can use assistance is with better hand to hand contact training. In order to quickly and safely subdue assailants.
Of course he is......
I have to stand with Rand on this issue.
I'm with Rand. Firepower isn't an issue for our civilian law enforcement.
Emergency vehicles and body armor shouldn't be a problem. Canons, mini guns..ok..no.
Why?  You want more dead cops?
U r wrong Sir. Officers need more protection. It is an officer safety issue. Go along w/ Swat on a call out & then say they don't need it
If the police were receiving bullet proof clothing, night vision goggles, nobody would see issue with that. Why would police need tanks?
Rand you're a fool on this on
Rand, they need that equipment.  They could use it in Houston right now.  They used it and saved lives in San Bernadino
Rand you are wrong on military equipment - do whats right for the people or get out of office - Ky voter
Rand should enjoy what little time he has left. Voters won't have him returning to Congress.
Thank you! We don't need to have local police equipped like our military
Then I am opposing Rand Paul!
Please Senator, can't you agree on anything? Are Republicans the party of no? Democrats supported Obama 100 per cent.
You better
We need to use what we have to keep our first responders safe.  What do you suggest they use to protect themselves from rioters?
Absolutely agree. Police do not need this kind of equipment. Otherwise the public will need to be give access to the very same equipment.
Libertarians and common sense part ways@some pt.Looked in the streets lately Senator? U can trace the demoralization of cops 2 obamas action
Police aren't demoralized because they don't have APCS and grenade launchers
Who cares!!
I'm trying to figure out what the plan is for surplus bayonets
Well senator, I can't understand your objection. Over centuries military lead police in equipment & tactic. Gear always inherited by police.
Have you seen the streets lately?? We can take care of it now or deal with the consequences later
I agree with you, now what are you going to do?
Tell him to grow up and get to work on the real stuff, cops don't need to be the army and think they need togo home bring onthe real Liberty
Obstructionist, if it's not his idea, he's against it.
Work together already!
Amen. Police will use it to hurt conservatives yet Antifa walk around assaulting everyone. Should give the equipment to us law abiding
Senator Paul opposes everything that he didn't think of himself.
Drain the Swamp. Follow the lead of our President @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
#stupidity
So what? You're wrong AGAIN
Please stand front and center at the next #Antifa riot or the next #Ferguson and take the rocks, bottles, and urine being thrown your way!
Noooooo
It's pretty sad mr. Senator when you have to promote your own tweet would you rather that taxpayers buy new stuff instead of recycle the old
Very good point!!!
Senator, on this we disagree. While #Antifa continue being #terrorists we need the police well armed & enabled to act.
Pass a fucking bill!  All you Senators oppose, oppose, oppose
When cops militarize that's kind of exactly what a police state looks like.  All you need is some epauletes and ribbons on Trump's suit. 
Seriously? Most of our firefighting helicopters are military surplus.
As long as they're not armed helicopters that won't be a problem.
As far as I knew they weren't giving guns to the military. Just vehicles, body armor, stuff like that.
@realDonaldTrump I assume Rand will be taking point against ANTIFA's heavy weapons without the defensive weapons he refuses to give the cops
I wait for that!!!
You're unusual, Ayn Rand. On the one hand, u want to repeal Obamacare, but on the other, you want a demilitarized police force. #libertarian
Senator I guess you have never seen videos from San Bernadino or NY
Rand Paul is becoming another John McCain
Does Rand Paul always talk in the third person?
U r trying to prevent our Police WHO HAVE ENDORSED TRUMP.  All thats happening is they are getting upgraded  equipment ur on the wrong side,
WHAT??  WOW  hes not giving them grenade launchers LOOK IT UP  they are for TEAR GAS!  U dont want police to have proper equipment;
Anyone with any sense is too. We aren't building a police state with a fascist dictator. Wait, are we?
soros has big plans for sept. we have to be ready or be taken as a slave like the poor children been trafficing that the medias coverin up
You lost get over it and support Trump or we the people of Texas will vote your ass out next
Rand Paul is from Kentucky
Yea, I know. Don’t know why I said Texas. Texas is just on my mind with what’s going on down there.
The bad guys have way to big guns so the good guys have to up the ante. Sound about right huh NRA & gun toting repubs?
Rand Paul is talking about himself in third person.
Of course.
Why don't fix health care which seems to alluded you. You have no idea what they really need
Your right we need to disarm the police too so mamma China can takeover the US..NOT.
"Stupid" is the only word that comes to mind when I hear or read anything you say or do
I'm all for it. Time to put the fear of Hod in those radical racist terrorist ANTIFA gtoup
Oppose a few other things, too?
You're as bad as @SpeakerRyan! Why are you even in politics? Find a new job! #votehimout
It does not matter if the police do not have the permission to use what they simply already have and are afraid to use.
Boo! Why are you labeling city police as an extension of the military? Please say when surplus equipment was abused.
Sen. How are sheriffs dep. and local police supposed to protect them selves when investigating a suspected crack house? Blue lives matter.
They never need to respond with a militant force. Give better training and small arms work fine!
You are wrong on this one Rand .
It's the only time he's been right! Keep the military and police separate and spend the money on training!
TERM LIMITS # BYE RAND
You're on the wrong side here
Who cares. You are a fence sitter. Your starting your 2020 run along with Little Marco. Maybe you should hang out with McCain & Grahm
Good.
u r a great leader who can challenge Trump for the benefit of constituents. Keep it us Senator.
I would agree with some light military vehicles.
Amen @CBNGordon @POTUS @HealthRanger @RandPaul @TGowdySC @700club @marklevinshow @SandraSmithFox @ericbolling @KennedyNation @FoxNews
Rand Paul opposes EVERYTHING 
Thanks for helping to save Obamacare, Rand!
You are cool but you are tweeting the wrong things. @realDonaldTrump is getting things done. Get on board!
You are wrong on this one. The most common type of equipment is vehicles. Used for rescue, brush fire, etc. No tanks and bazookas.
