Leaks are illegal and they do not equat to leaks YOU SHOULD KNOW BETTER enjoy your job WHILE YOU HAVE IT- you need to go DC is for adults
Ms.Rice went 2judges, proper chain of command!! There's paper trail! Go look ! B ur own man! Put country 1st! Not party or we vote u out!
2bad u didn't watch Wolf CNN show 2 day! They broke  how u go thru chain of command 2unmasked&there's a paper trail! All u do is go ASK!!!
FAKE NEWS ALERT: MSNBC WILL ATTEMPT TO COVER REAL NEWS. VIEWERS ARE URGED TO PROCEED WITH EXTREME CAUTION.
so where do u go 4 Reliable & credible news? hopefully it's not any of the mainstream news on TV
I'd ask if you're gonna support Bernie's new health care plan but you're clearly not interested in insuring Americans, just repealing ACA
Unmasking is a methd that reveals sources BUT in a Desretionary manor for Intel purposes and the trumpanzee has all you guys chasing rabbits
We need @washingtonpost to investigate Rand Paul for evidence that he has been compromised by Russia.
Agree!
MONSANTO is more interested in profits than in US health. American diet is why people are getting sick which is increasing healthcare costs!
I've been playing you since the primaries when you lied about running for reelection.  I destroyed you in Republican primaries.  Will again!
Russiagate won't be by deflected by sick little Fox news idiocy. Americans see through you, traitor.
How can you tolerate Morning Joe without puking in his face. @msnbc is covering for Obama & Rice
Hypocrite! So worried about our phone calls. Our internet history will be 'sold' to the government and you didn't vote.
Were you more concerned with your golf date?
Spend more time getting to the bottom of the Russian attack on our election and less time attacking our heros who are. #Trumprussia
why are you going on that network? You are looking desperate this week. I admired you but you play dumb now.
Sir.  You intentionally lied and misled the viewers.  Step down from office if you cant stop lying.
Susan Rice is misdirection. Why is Nunes still on the investigative committee? Bought and paid I say.

Rand Paul needs to be investigated. Seems he has been compromised in the last week
1. We demand single payer, and 2. Stop trying to help 45 misdirect our attention from his FBI investigation.
Move to a country that has single payer I demand we don't so I'll stay here
You're in a minority -- most Americans don't want Rand Paul's repeal. Sorry that you agree with his greedy political philosophy.
Really that bc all thesr people know how good single payer woorks? Lol
Works pretty well, actually. Ask Canadians. Ask Brits. Harp on wait times all you want, neither country would trade their system for ours.
that's why when the waiting list is too long or they can't get an operation they need the ones with money come here lol
As a vets wife I've seen the suffering & damage a wait list does to people. It's not ok to have a broken vertebra and have to wait 4 an mri.
1/ I definitely feel for anyone who's been given the runaround by the VA -- it's an example of the gov't prioritizing bombs over vets.
Does anybody know where to find that channel?
I only watch it to understand the enemy.  Liberals, but it does
Great tag line from a guy who has spent life at a Govt. "Job" sucking slop off hated working taxpayers. Dont curse govt. With ur mouth full!
Your anger worries me for your future patients,but I doubt you'll make it.Paid taxes and while serving have you ever done either?
Sounds more like a value judgment than it does a question. For an answer, allow me to say eat shit.l doubt your taxes covered salary-we paid
They are a bunch of Globalist cult members.
Susan Rice was doing her job ... this is getting ridiculous.  Stop deflecting and focusing on this and do your job.
I would imagine that would not go down well Morning Joe. #MAGA
Irrelevant
Your big ego is so obvious.
You're a practiced liar. Susan Rice did nothing wrong and you know it. Liar! #randpaullies
Its incredible your credibility is now close to zero. 6 years of this we've tuned you out
Why did you not vote when it came up to unmask our online identities?
Did you get your diaper changed afterwards? Your infantile behind is wetting in your pants youre so excited...about nothing. #DoYourJob!
You were dead on. Keep fighting the good fight! Rice is a proven liar already; PBS 2 weeks ago vs Today
@RandPaul lied his ass off on #MorningJoe.  Funny how his tuned changed on @realDonaldTrump & is helping #TrumpRussiaCoverup #TheResistance
Sorry we do not watch MSNBC! Fake news! Go with Fox!
You need to go take so law classes !You look so stupid with what you are saying ! Stop making Kentucky look bad.
Attacking Susan Rice (AGAIN!) is not going to blur the disgraceful alliance between Trump and Putin. You sold your soul over a golf game...
Fuck MSNBC. Will never watch that #fakenews
Instead of talking repeal why don't you talk repair. ACA needs repairing.
Let's get her now! Action Republicans! Grow balls men!!
Why are you going to that stupid show Senator?  They are not worth your time!  Get S. Rice on the stand please and help drain the swamp
Let's discuss your involvement and ties to Russia. Let's discuss your attempt to distract the public with more lies.
Marxism. The Obama administration used those tactics. PERIOD.
I don't understand Russians have interest in American politics.... They just don't get to vote... However they do get to say the truth
Be careful. They can suck the intelligence right out of you
...Morning Schmoe show... sorry I will not watch any LIBERAL tabloid outlet (MSNBC, CNN, ABC, CBS, NBC, etc)  Rand you are too smart 4 them.
What if you made it so people who needed healthcare didn't die???
, I call on my Government for a independent investigation of all Government officials. Starting with...
Flynn,Rice, Nunes.  Russia, is working hard to hack all of you! Ask Senator Rubio. This doesn't concern you?
You shouldn't get involved in defending @POTUS. Do you really want to go down with that sinking ship?
Go get 'em @RandPaul but don't forget to bring the team together to get rid of OCare - our med exp this mo are 2x our house pymt W r sm biz
She was doing her job.  Nothing more, nothing less except to the right.  Its all a deflection from your Russian loving POTUS.  SELL OUT
Guess we know the price for DT support of The Paul Plan, Add Rand to team Nunes Whoosh the sound of Rand Pauls soul pivoting to the darkside
Rand Paul has sold his soul for perm hair products. Do you even know what unmasking means.
a perfect world humans would not play God and their would not be dollars determining life and death. Get Real. Amen  USA
Love you Rand, but don't push @MSNBC, they are horrible.
Does a round of golf really change your basic ideals.   Sound like you are dating djt, all of a sudden.
One golf game later and Rand Paul has joined the lie about everything Trump train. I guess someone should have tried bribing him sooner.
Why aren't charges being done?
Because, aside from the fact that no investigation has taken place, Rice did nothing illegal. As opposed to Flynn, Manafort, Page, etc, etc.
Thank you, Senator Paul!!!
Shame on you.  I thought you were and AMERICAN, not a Trump puppet.  We deserve better than this from you.
Lying Rand Paul.
Looks like you too have sold out on the American people. I liked you. Saddened.
#StandWithRand
Go on FOX because most of us refuse to watch MSNBC & other fake news outlets just saying
I hope she sues you for defamation and slander .I saw your segment. I hope she does get to testify. Then you will be gone!
BREAKING: Trump Properties acquires mineral rights to Sen. Rand Paul.
I had hopes you might turn out to be one of the few reasonable republicans.  Shame on you for misleading. Boo!
No thanks I don't watch commie tv
How dare you carry water for this fool and his cronies. YOU were supposed to be principled and capable of independent thought. One more fool
@Morning_Joe was clowning you for being a Trump sycophant. While Rice's actions, if true, are concerning, they'd  be legal.  You know this.
Unmask yourself as complicit to treason,you insufferable tool.
Spreading lies and propaganda never ages http://well.You 're on the wrong side of history here.
God Bless you Senator as you do the countries business! thank you so very much for all you do in defense of liberty and the Constitution.
You were right on in stating the truth about  the illegal unmasking by Susan Rice of US citizens caught up in NSA surveillance.
Senator Rand & his brown nose kissing more Donald butt.
school those dishonest reporters with some good ole Kentucky wisdom the same as my grandmommie taught me.
Until today I respected ur consistency & views (w/out agreeing w/ most). Now I  ur just like #trumpRussia. U jumped on #dogwhistle train.
Can't watch msnbc
The extreme far left occupies the DNC at this moment. Weaponizing surveillance for political motives is apparently okay with the #DNC  base
So weekend golf with Trump (did we pay your expenses?) and you come back,get on TV and spout his conspiracy theories.  The worst.
Blackwater founder held secret Seychelles meeting to establish Trump-Putin back channel - (Source 1)
Wow! One round of golf and one fake promise and you're his chief propagandist.
Come on Rand! Sure unmasking can be looked at but your accusatory words, imo, just fire up trumps base &interferes w current investigation
you seem intent to go down with the ship. Happy swimming.
Susan rice issue if true is pretty serious w her ties to the Clintons and ABC news
You went golfing with Trump and now you are complicit in obstructing with false scandals... #Complicit
@SenateMajLdr CHANGE THE NOMINEE, NOT THE RULES! No Nuclear Option! Scotus must have bipartisan support. #NoGorsuch #changethenominee
Time to lose your fear &do your job Senator.  Like Susan Rice did.  Get to the bottom of the Trump-Russia connection, protect this country.
That 3 million dollar golf game with Trump was doozy Rand. 
Rand has been compromised by Trump
Senator Rand Paul, we common sense Americans want answers! We will not accept BS answer like our parents did. POTUS is for change & so R we
Breaking News
The Latest Wiretap "Bombshell" Turns Out To Be Another Dud
Pathetic Rand, just Pathetic
you are a walking contradiction, citzens should  not be wiretap but its okay to sell browser information fraud
Thinking if you can't beat em, join em?  Sell your soul to get your Libertarian agenda through Congress?   You look like Christie now
NBC IS pooped OUT BY DEMOCRATS BRAINWASHED BY CLINTONS AND OBAMAS. SAD. THEY ARE TOO OBVIOUS TO US DEPLORABLES. "will you accept results?"HA
Is he the next @DevinNunes ? Another puppet will go down.
Love you, Senator! Keep up the good work!
Amanda has been compromised by DNC 
Ooh, Rand, seems that the name Susan Rice is a trigger for you.  Might want to get some treatment for that! Oh, wait, preexisting condition
#SaveTheACA
msmbc is trash rand
You are a hypocrite. Stinking hypocrite in putin books.
Trump preemptively strikes his opponents by destroying their credibility, Jesus you ran against him, you know how he operates
amazing, backing up wiretap claims after golfing with drumpf...U sounded ridiculous
Well this just might be the last time you're asked to discuss anything on MSNBC.
wow you are really a sell out
One golf trip and now you are carrying water?
You and McConnell make me embarrassed to live in Kentucky. You don't rep me. You're now a puppet.
If U say U want to help the poor than U got to have subsidies but I know,some who are on it can pay more, some only pay 20$mo,could pay more
Go Rand! You're the man! Expose Rice & all the louses and drag them from under their rocks! #MAGA 
Convinced you are beating the DJT drum, after spending Sunday golfing w/him! Now you sound like ur on a witch hunt. What did he promise you?
republicans don't watch mornin joe- he is a face republican
You are using Your position to defend this liar and calling for investigation of Rice? Give up your seat!
2/2 Also, how much did your golf trip with Trump cost me and fellow taxpayers?
1/2 and sounded like a complete nutter. Not sure how long it took you to come up with your inane defense of Trump and his wiretapping.
Are you a traitor Paul?
Just saw Fox segment w/Sen Paul that makes sense on healthcare. Did Ryan sell @POTUS a bill of goods?
her involvement? As in how she did her JOB?
Senator  You were excellent at keeping points clear during the Rice discussion & you had 4 MSNBC interviewers against you. @MSNBC
Senator, GET A GRIP. Valerie Jarrett is the  "brains" behind 90% of Obama's Admin. Obama, will, always, have "plausible deniability"!!
Rand Paul sold out for attention. His HC bill penalizes pre existing conditions and ppl who leave job 4 advanc
HAHAHAHAA! Tune into MSNBC....hahaha. You are funny Senator Paul.
I never ever ever tune in to @Morning_Joe and @MSNBC 
but I will for @RandPaul just this once
I agree too, investigate Obama, Rice, Comey & the rest of the former WH mafia! There is no Russian story!!
Wrong
sorry Rand I don't watch that channel.  #unmasking  #SusanRice
You can't distract us
Watched, you made a fool of yourself getting onboard with the crazy train and his lies. Your father must be mortified you sell out. #resist
I watched u  selling your soul
Susan Rice probably leaked to her ABC news producer husband,  Ian Anderson.
.@ChuckGrassley .@SenTomCotton .@LindseyGrahamSC .@SaraCarterDC
Why aren't you speaker, yet? 
You Sir are way way way out of line on Susan Rice comments. Irresponsible comments!
She broke the law...
let Ocare die on the vine. Dissolve boundaries for insurance companies. Free market insurance NOW!
Why would u go on these conservative bashing shows??  free thinking conservatives don't watch these crappy shows
you voted to take away online priacy
Morning Joe?  Never touch the stuff.  I'll check the recap online.  Thank you, Rand Paul, for being a voice of reason.
So your sitting down with someone of zero integrity.  Who's owned by the same  corporate masters, who also own half your colleagues.
More "no scandal" scandals from the Obama administration! Spying on Trump and his staff. Hold Susan Rice and Obama accountable.
YOU ARE LESS THAN A MAN YOU LOOK SAD
What a shocker; Susan Rice was investigating @realDonaldTrump before he was president. Double-standards?
Where are the arrests
ur words: akin to bank robber ID’d on security camera who says he can’t be tried since camera records EVERYBODY. How stupid are you??
Wow Judas. You work fast.
Good Luck and take care, That show is part of the fake news bunch
I'm surprised MSNBC wants to talk about it all of a sudden
I agree with Susan Rice I would like what she requested ding ding round one
You spelled "spin" wrong. Didn't realize all GOPers are remedial, thought you were one of the smart ones.
Susan Rice even requested unmasking of Trump family members. The Intel had nothing to do with Russia. That's illegal.
I wouldn't ever go on that show again after what they were just saying about you!
Every time I start to almost like you, you f it up when open your mouth.
Ughh, like you Rand, won't give my time to @Morning_Joe or @MSNBC
Wow!  They really attacked u for speaking the truth. Very proud of u for standing your ground. Thank u.  They are all haters...
What was in your folder? We know the RNC was hacked too. What did they have on you? Golf Course revelations. #trumpRussia
Praying. Toxic program hosts. :-(
BHO's #SusanRice ordered U.S. spy agencies 2 produce “detailed spreadsheets” of legal ph calls involving Trump/staff while running 4 office.
Rice was within her job duties, there is NO wrongdoing. You and your new friend Trump cannot deflect away #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Is Rand now also swearing allegiance to Putin? Sad.
Will you be discussing the implications of having @realDonaldTrump transition officials being swept up in FISA-court-approved surveillance?
Don't take any crap from those leftists...
That guy @Morning_Joe looks like the banjo player in deliverance
What a fake @randpaul on @morning_joe on @msnbc? Let's talk about susan rice to get away from #russiagate. A little golf got you talking
I rarely watch MSNBC but tuned in this a.m. You did great but they laughed at u afterwards. Don't go back.
and defend that lie. Umm Russian ties???  Huge simple lie said over and over by Libtards everywhere.
What happened to you??? So disappointed you have turned to doublespeak like so many others.
I used to harbor notions of redeeming qualities possessed by @RandPaul now he sells active measures for Putin's partners in the White House.
yeah, no worries about #DonaldTrump and Alfa Bank, right? How was your golf trip with #BenedictDonald?

Selling out the #FreedomCaucus?
Hitler said it best tell a huge lie but make it simple and say it over and over people will eventually believe
from what i have read on healthcare, good deal.
Hack
U R very confused. Sad.
Susan Rice? You mean there are still patriots in DC?
Thank you! Please don't give up on either issue!
The house is on fire, Trump is running around it smelling of gas & holding matches, the GOP demands to know who called the fire department.
Mika's right,you got rolled after a round of golf. Or maybe it was Trump's big monetary donation to your eye center that bought you off umm?
Why not discuss selling privacy rights? American sovereignty vs. being Russian vassal state? Why you're a sell out?More important to discuss
Paul voted against that bill
Please note the legality of Rice actions, while you discuss repealing 702. Otherwise it's partisan.
What YOU & people need to know is that this way her and others in her position do. Obviously Trump told you this weekend to spin these lies.
Should we maintain the anonymity of Americans chatting with spy handlers?
You abstained on S.R. Res 34, citizen internet privacy, while bitching about #TrumpRussia secret court/ warrant. #Hypocrites #RESISTANCE
