@Lawrence They have no compassion 4 the elderly or poor. 2 very specific groups of ppl tht a spiritual person wld never neglect. 
The poor & elderly have care. The rest of us want 2 make our own Healthcare choices. Not forced to
A balanced Healthcare is needed or our young family will have to put the elders on their insurance.
U will understand why they r fighting hard to balanced HC whn tables turn you'll insure your parents.
I'd rather care for my parents than fund someone's hc that I don't know. I owe my folks at least that
poor & seniors HC is at risk of being slashed in GOP plan. 
Big pic w/ ACA is $/person 
The poor and old have govment he, Medicaid and Medicare. R u sayn those suck?
What are you saying exactly?
You get what U endorsed & voted for.  You are now the party of Trump, own it because We the People won't forget 2018/20!
I love him Rand Paul. And he is looking out for us. We the people actually elected trump. Bye Felica.
I personally hope AHCA gets passed, I can't wait to see all of Trump supporters lose their health care.
You know with respect, you're what's wrong with this country. Playing party politics
You should really think about what you're saying. Ppl will die w/out healthcare. 
Those who voted for him listened to him but failed listen to pay attention to Repugnants.
@kln_  the only thing people want is to be free! As long as the Government doesn't force us to buy it, do what ever you want!
it's more than that, it's wealth redistribution for minimum care.
can you give me some more specific details?
InAnutshell-It is a working persons tax burden that pays4persons able bodied 2work themselves for ins. but take the free route.
got it! Thanks
Tax payersR forced to pay4 it,poor care soon the funds run out-the taxes go up-then we are stuck with poor plan/less paycheck.
actually, if you understand the big picture, and aren't so uppity, you would know that the burden on each person will 
actually I don't appreciate your name calling.It isn't a absolute fact that prices/taxes will decrease.taxes/prices usually go up.
@tedcruz @ted this is BAD!!
You Mike ted and others need to squash the Ryancare B'S #ocarelite
@realDonaldTrump Work with Sen Paul and not snake in the grass @SpeakerRyan      He's trying to destroy your credibility!!!!
Bring doctors in to fix this mess. Bureaucrats just don't get it. Cut out insurance company greed and abolish networks, period !
If the goal is to improve h/c and make it more affordable, there is one word that describes how to do that: privatize.
it is worse than Obamacare. It's obamacare sans the individual mandate. Guam tried that and crashed.
Repeal, repeal, repeal and get rid of all obama regulations. Thanks Rand Paul for your help.
@Paula_Dockery
@Paula_Dockery
Several Republican senators won't pass the bill in its current form. It is DOA.
get off tv screaming no. Help get this bill right. And you know it must be done in steps. Smh
I'm so disgusted with this. Ocare was huge with tentacles in most everything. a difficult repeal. @RandPaul fox won't help
Please help us get #FullRepeal on Obamacare!!!! @SpeakerRyan is not listening to We The People!
so, you like obamacare.
Wait til they see how many people dont show up 2 vote for them in 2018. They are breaking 7 years of promises that got them there
Nothing can be worse than obamacare since it would't exist if left alone, ALL uninsured! Full repeal is a must! Republican bailout
Swamp "friends" looking on as Ryan "flubs".
Another reason for the government to get the hell out of the healthcare business period.
Pubs will own it -we're insiders-nationwide presence-w/stats over 10's of thousands-consumers hate #Obamacare-but love free stuff
that's a problem-since no impact on costs for couple of yrs Pubs will own the bomb-if nothing done & fails Pubs still own the bomb
I sure don't remember Republicans interested REMOTELY in healthcare before Obamacare.
That is because things were fine, before Obamacare.  Obama screwed the health system up.
huh?
I agree with you, and more study and research is needed.  Do not let Ryan rush this through like Pelosi did.
The ACA took 15 months from draft to approval, & that was with an already-vetted version in MA introduced by Romney.
wrong.  Democrats owned both houses of Congress for 38 months before passage of #Obamacare
Looking forward to midterm elections, for a change.  #NoAgeTax #AHCA
Ryan is WRONG. He was wrong about President Trump and he is wrong about Healthcare bill.He knows nothing about HC.I'm an NP.
Thank you for fighting for us. Look forward to your plan. I don't trust @SpeakerRyan he is not strong enough.  He's a politican.
will this morph into "passing this bill ... alone", with you joining the "ayes", and on to the next bill?  #keepfaithandpromises
Cmon man!
@swebs Senator, Explain how your plan gets through Senate without filibuster & why you equate tax credits as entitlement
it will literally cause the death of many Americans. But Rand Paul's plan will not, what was YOUR plan again?
lest we forget what Nixon said on his tapes, HMOs are a scam to bleed public, line rich pockets. Insurance is a scam.
this bill will kill over 1 million people. We want your insurance you have from the government.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS It's time you put your foot down and stop this monstrosity of a reform.

@duratote Sir, we stand with you on this. Ryan's plan is awful!!!
@TeamTrumpAZ @POTUS We will all be deeply disappointed if illegals get free insurance, while citizens have to pay!!
@TeamTrumpAZ I stand with Rand!
FULL REPEAL....THEN LEAVE US THE HELL ALONE; GOVT GET OUT OF OUR BUSINESS, WE CAN BUY OUR INS ON OUR OWN
@NetworksManager fix it boys it was one of the things we elected you to do
Any group of people stupid enough to trust Paul Ryan deserve every beating they are going to get.
. @SpeakerRyan Is A Lying He And @SenateMajLdr  Need Recall Petitions 
They Only Care About Gold In Their Pockets. #SellOuts
I think Senator Paul knows what he's talking about! After all, he's in the medical field (
firsthand knowledge!)
Exactly. Health care is a hot potato, and Republicans are holding out their hands to catch it, I fear.
they own Trump too. Couldn't be much worse
Call it what it is "Trump Don't Care"
@hectormorenco Ryan take Pruitt and Pense to Wisconsin. Not good.  Ryan is the swamp and McConnell will pay the price in 2018
@hectormorenco Paul Ryan is a snake and this isn't what POTUS wanted. Stop the snake Paul Ryan
This bill MUST die!
they will blame Obama some how.  prediction... "too much damage from obamacare" excuse in play in 3,2...
@uliw315 Well Sen Paul you better make sure it's right!!
@Lawrence Apparenlty Conservative don't give a damn about kicking millions off their plans.  R's are the death panels.  Own it.
your going to no matter what. Those snowflakes will blame you even if it succeeds.
Considering how much they've been undermining the ACA with their scare tactics, they already own any failure of health care.
@NetworksManager This is NOT what we were promised! Complete repeal and replace! Ryans ocare lite should die on the vine. HELPRAND
Ryan is not selling that TURD no matter what kind of happy face he puts on
@NetworksManager @realDonaldTrump LETS SEE WHO @BarackObama REALLY IS ? Take away OBAMA'S FIRST EO ! One stroke of a Pen
DO NOT PASS...hold the line
@NetworksManager @POTUS AMERICA STANDS WITH YOU & Rand #MakeAmericaGreatAgain DUMP @SpeakerRyan BAD MAN SO IS @VP THE SNAKE 
GOP do whats right for Americans health. Other countries have universal Healthcare. Y is it so hard for. USA???
@TheMarkRomano don't endorse this Bill, Senator. Let O's monster spiral, if this is the best we can get out of the Rinos
i agree
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SpeakerRyan @mike_pence @DeanHeller NO #ObamacareLite  PLEASE listen to @RandPaul replacement.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @RepTomPrice @tedcruz @mike_pence @DeanHeller NO #ObamacareLite PLEASE LISTEN TO @RandPaul replacement plan!
Opposing Trumps decision about this will 100% guarantee you will no longer be in a Senator. We elected him..not you.
@TheMarkRomano Ryan is out, he just doesn't know it yet.
Every REP. ran on REPEAL!
With majority,
Change the fnkn rules and get on with it!!

No 3 phase BS!
Any chance we could have open free markets in healthcare Rand?
Screw Paul RYNO!
Y'all gotta come to the table and make a Deal for Americans!  #MAG
@TheMarkRomano Please enlighten Mr Trump
@TheMarkRomano Dear @GOP 

We elected you to REPEAL and REPLACE Obamacare, not to just repackage it.

Thanks.
@SpeakerRyan Like full repeal
Agree. Shd not be too quick to sign another disastrous bill. American citizens have suffered enough.Paul Ryan wrong on this.
Rand Paul: Why aren't the American tax payers receiving the same insurance that you have? Are you special?
remember when voters threw out a large number of democrats over Obozocare? Consider this your warning. @GOP
Trumpcare
Yea we"ll own it lock, stck, and barrel  along with the 40% tax increase you didnt have the balls to remove.  Wait an see if ded an prems 
Play Ball w/ Ryan, speed through his disastrous healthcare Bill, let Trump Veto Bill, "Fire" Ryan, Drain Swamp, Pass Better Bill.
yes agree. Fixes the symptoms not the cause
You sre a B S liar.
Please b careful with the #HealthCareReform. This 1 of the most important things on American people's minds. Take time get right.
time put your plan forward
@igorvolsky @davidaxelrod  How does destroying Medicaid a safety net for the poor and benefiting the wealthy good for America? Sad
@hale4jesus get on board the Train ,stop riding the shortto work @WhiteHouse you big dummy ! Put on your big boy pants & do this
@hale4jesus 

I listened 2uu & @SpeakerRyan on @seanhannity today. I watched u tonight.
I think u r wrong. Ur bill can't get 60.
if republicans blow this opportunity they'll loose all houses in next elections. Rep 45yrs
Certainly not going to gain anything for sure. They can always be counted on to screw up.
so true
@kksheld dump all plans!! Fee for service only!!!
Spot On observation; How about We (Congress) All Throw the US Health Insurance Industry under the bus... for a change? :)
good.  You guys deserve a win.
unfortunately I think republicans and democrats have sealed their fates along time ago. The establishment and gov are our problem!

It will also ensure that dems get their seats back again,bcuz we wont show up to vote 4 you all 2018. You all ran on REPEAL!
@kksheld seems almost like they are being dupped into it or something
You are right. Do not give up the fight
#BringIn @RandPaul
if we had wanted Ryan Care we would have voted for Bush. return to pre ACA, open market, create program for pre-existing
@SpeakerRyan doesn't want anything 2 happen 2 Ocare. House bill is poison pill. If you think p3 will happen, I have a bridge 4U.
Need to get this one right.
Is what Paul Ryan says about reconciliation True? Senate rules and all?
great please pass it
Republicans will own whatever happens! Get the hell of your self opinionated bs & work with them to make it right!
@d33ness72 Rand Paul is an outlier-The changes can't be a blowout & start again-you'll have chaos-Incremental steps 2 reach goal.
Please do something about this.
@Lawrence Colossians 3:25 For the wrongdoer will be paid back for the wrong he has done, and there is no partiality.
Who cares who owns it? They are going to KILL innocent Americans bc they are trying to fuck each other over in the political arena
Republicans own it regardless
is what AARP says true? This does not sound good at all, please reply to their concerns.
RyanCare has a nice ring to it
.@RandPaul as usual you are right. Can't figure out why more people don't support you.
so, you must buy something intrusive, from a third party not actually involved in the process, or be fined? How is that different
Is health care a right? This fundamental question must be addressed before anything real can be done!
you got this right why doesn't the rest of the Republicans get it.  The only reason why there is majority is to repeal Obamacare!
No kidding-just repeal. Looks like a lobbyist drew it up. Never #RINOcare
It's a proposal, that's it. Amend it, use the system that has served us well for 200 years, up in till these last 15
the GOP is to dumb to realize that. Defeat from the jaws of victory, as usual.
Maybe thats what the establish repub want, so it well be bad for @POTUS
Correct. Political suicide. Does the Speaker not under this or is he banking on a thumbs down from the senate?
@JimDeMint @TeamCavuto  I conservatve saysplease STOP. Slow down. Repeal.  But, wait until a great "now", sustainable, plan manifests
@JohnBGTrump you lost your not POTUS your not as smart as you think! You just want air time at the expense of us!
Hate to say this but Paul Ryan is a Dem in Rep clothing. He's not for US.. he's for himself just like Obummer
@Lawrence is it too early to start calling for repealing this thing?
I say that Paul Ryan is a socialist/ communist in disguise.  He's working for Obama and Pelosi
Does this mean you finished reading The Art of the Deal? Did your lips move while reading it?
@DA_Stockman 3rd Party Payer problem still!   Cronies win again.
And I implore you to filibuster in pursuit of a Bill that will not overtax seniors and under tax Insurance executives & overpay companies.
Plse intervene constructively & bring forth BEST plan possible. So disappointed n Reb cong & sen. POTUS deserves better so do we.
stop this plan it's not good for anybody.
called reconcilitation & u of all ppl should know about filibusters-work harder on parts 2/3-or is ur ego hurt
@NetworksManager   They're all Traitors to the American ppl. Just like Song Bird Hanoi, aka John McCain, they sided with Dems.
Rand, you have @potus ear... let him know we can't play ball w the career political hacks. #MAGA
Wake up. I agree. These are hacks that are out to protect themselves and no one else.
- Paul Ryan and the other Rinos are clearly illustrating they're as evil as democrats! Keep fighting Rand. #draintheswamp #maga
get it together and pass this bill stop being whining babies you guys had 6 years to figure this out !
the good old white boys
@NetworksManager   WTH.  This bill is the Republican version of Obamacare. U ppl in Congress keep pissing us off & see what's next
wtf do the same as Canada for fuk sake
Kill this government healthcare,  give us free market choice.  Competition in the market place. No more freebies for welfare.
absolutely! 2018 elections will show our disapproval if you guys fold on this!
will you be supporting Pence when he visits KY this weekend to sell this sham of a healthcare bill to your constituentsshameful
so what!!! Get it done and done right!!! Hence no death spiral. Act while you can to get it done with the support of the voters!
just when I thought my expectations couldn't go any lower!  Repeal it, that's all.
do not just criticize. Come up with your own plan.
how about making congress use the new health care bill? Maybe the American public would have more faith in it then.
. Must start over Ryan knows nothing
#NoRinocare
& a death spiral it will be no hyperbole this time part of the killing of America we will become the expendable collateral damage
the collateral damage of personal politics and the enabling of trumpism dismantling our freedoms and ability to thrive
@Lawrence so what? Dead is dead
Have you see National debt, unofficial debts, public debts? The death spiral is coming anyways & all prices will fall
WHY DON'T THEY GIVE IT BACK TO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE? HAVE THEY FORGOT THE GOV. BELONGS TO THE PEOPLE
your friendly gang at Breitbart wishes you a merry "you suck " Thursday! Bring your dad back please
Unfortunately I agree Sen Paul but ahead they roar. I'm not thinking this is Repeal. They'll get phase 1 but not 2 and/or 3. SMH
SEN RAND PAUL YOU NEED TO CALL EMERGENCY MEETING WITH POTUS TRUMP AND TELL HIM WHY THIS BILL IS BAD AND THAT HE NEEDS TO PASS YOURS.
stop acting like a democratic and embarrassing our state.
It's time for you to work with the president our state elected.
try 2 get a meeting with @POTUS  to tell him what is wrong and not to trust @SpeakerRyan.The last 2 years he gave USA away 2 Obama
Unfortunately conservative voters have no principles and will continue to support this party @LPNational
Get the government of the health care business. I have SS income only. I don't see anyone rushing to subsidize my health care cost
but u no not enough Sen have the guts to fight Trump. U r afraid of his tweets. Protect America not Trump
That's not just figurative with respect to the law, it will have a literal death spiral effect on health and life
whatever happens to healthcare from now on out @GOP will own it after creating instability in insurance pricing w their waffling
@Lawrence if this bill passes, consider Trump and all his supporters modern day natzi's. Evil has taken over the WH.
repair Obamacare, don't destroy it. Many people have benefited, including myself.
get a super majority in 2018 and repair it then. Sometimes you have to take small bites like the progressives do
@veganvecoh @realDonaldTrump veto this bill Donald.
As classic liberal it hurts me to say that we may be so far down the road with poor policy we may be headed to single payer.
Full Repeal then Privatize, Then Tweek it slowly!! Democrats think they have the Corner on Compassion! Be better off in long term
that approach will kill someone I love. Just collateral damage so insurers can have their tax cut?
@IJasonAlexander at least someone has empathy 
You are procrastinating and you all sure are taking your time.
this  is making older Ameri who have less money pay more for healthcare? Ya death spiral older American won't be able to b ins.
you are wrong,get on board and support the bill
