When MOSTLY local funds are used for schools, kids from poor districts can take their fed voucher & go where tax base is higher!
In Louisville some kids are bused 2hours to a different school when they have another school 5min walk  away
Most kids that go to charter schools find a way. It is a very good opportunity
There was no preschool in our neighborhood. We carpooled.
says someone who's never been a teacher, administrator, school board member
Are you a teacher? So you want to keep poor kids in bad schools? Everyone should have a proper education.
Awesome, so kids can use tax dollars to come to my Wiccan based Elem School? How about the Islamic School down the street? Yes?
We do have the #1A. As a parent you should be able to choose you child's education, not be forced by state.
How about we just get the fed out of the schools? Schools would be better off without the fed control.
agree but easier said than done.
We will go back to segregated schools on basis of religion, race ,. No equal access for students with disabilities;economic status
You know, and we know you know, "school choice" is dog whistle for segregation.
Just gotta love it when a plan like THAT one comes together.
as long as the same public standardized testing doesn't corrupt home schools and charter schools.
As long as it's not religious school funded by my tax dollars then choose away!
you want to go to private schools, fine. But why should public and federal funds fund private schools?
if you live in a district with a failing school, why should your child be jailed to a failing school?
maybe schools would do better if their funds didn't go to private schools
money is distributed within district.
read the comments from your constituency. WE DON'T WANT YOU TAKING OUR LOCAL TAXES AWAY FROM OUR LOCAL SCHOOLS. YOU MAKE US ANGRY.
With equal accountability, right? Transparency, right?!? Thanks a lot for putting a clueless puppet in charge of DoE!
, how would low income families come up with the other 95% of the cost of private school?  Be honest.
you better NOT let my local taxes for Fort Thomas schools follow any students.  OTHER than Fort Thomas students.
Great as long as private schools are same standardsas public schools. DeVos wants them treated differently-not fair to kids
Can't happen soon enough.Tulsa,OK schools are allowing students 2 use restrooms, locker rooms, etc comfortable with
Kansas, .....as in, Kansas Supreme court. GL.
school choice i.e. Competition will improve all schools. Parental involvement is also a must.
do away w/ the DOE Rand - send it to the states. education is not part of  the FEDs meager allotment via the constitution
Schools are funded with local taxes. Why should fed taxes play in? The whole issue is a political fog
School choice is bigotry in motion-denying funds to public schools who accept ALL helps only the FEW not the poor & disadvantaged.
I don't want my tax to go the rich so we pay for their kids to go to private schools. Support public education!
An article 2/24 in N.Y. TIMES REFERS TWO THREE RECENT STUDIES REGARDING VOUCHERS. THE RESULTS WERE SAME 4 ALL 3: VOUCHERS FAILED.
Students using vouchers failed to keep up with where they had been academic and non-voucher peers. Give public schools break.
Privatizing the education system. Just another payoff to the rich. Not fooling anyone. Same as your "expanding HSA accounts".
Thank you, Senator. Keep up the good work.
i have authored legislation to defund public schools by turning  funds over to private schools run by racists, zealots, wealthy...
the biggest obstacle to school choice for low income students is how do they get there. Do you propose providing transportation?
1300 may go to the school but how does kid with working parents get to the better school?School choice is code for rich tax relief
#StandWithRand
To all the sheeple opposing this ... more competition = better results.  You DEMAND gov tear down monopolies in business ....
@McConnellPress why not let teachers teach?
how do you get people to want to learn? That's for teachers
you can't make people learn, some will, some won't. So how do you get people to want to learn
How about author legislation to eliminate DOE?
follow the student where? Charter schools are not a better choice. They turn out people like @BetsyDeVos who can't find pencils
people you need to retweet this as much as you like it
Why do you hate your constituents?
Did you listen to what @BetsyDeVosED said about choice today? What a colossal embarrassment!!! Shame on you for confirming her!
Come visit my classroom and you'll see that public schools are not failing.
Instead of federal funds following the student, we should try no federal funds to any schools... Constitution doesn't allow for it
but be careful not to abandon the poor.
@mariannecope It would be better to eliminate the Dept of Ed and let privatize it.
School choice takes away from our poorest children because it takes away $ from public Ed. Vouchers won't pay for everything.
would be nice to get federal help for homeschool most are single income families who do it with their own money no help/grants/etc
K-12 & for some 2-6 years of college so up to 19 years of "public education" look at the state of our country it's not working
Is this the same as what the president proposed this evening? These are all existing funds?
you have #RepealAndReplace & #SchoolChoice plans we want @SpeakerRyan doesn't Hope @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will #StandWithRand
Excellent! We must be free to choose. There is no reason to prevent kids from having choice.
agreed!
scares the hell out of me. Federal vouchers likely to mean vast expansion of Fed control of education. Surely you don't want that?
you are right with Fed money comes regulations
remove income restrictions on this bill so all of Kentucky's children and families can benefit and it would have my full support
disagree with you senator...private entitities, school or otherwise, should he self supporting.
To Home Schooling?
you really don't get how things work in the real world, do you?
come to my public school classroom...lets have a conversation.
I was feeling good until I found out only low income?! That's not right! PLEASE REMOVE THE INCOME RESTRICTION!
Private businesses need to be funded by private dollars that's kind of how the whole capitalism thing works you fraud.
Senator this press release is 4yrs old....A disappointment. Craft something relevant for the sake of those who elected you.
busing is a real problem. Gonna address that or just worried about for-profit bogus schools?
totally sold out. I was very close to putting a Vote for Rand sign on my car during the primary. I was fooled.
Even though charter school educational outcomes are far inferior to public schools. School isn't school unless there's profit. K.
Bullshit you want to turn everyone into mindless religious automatons. Get em while they're young. Let the brainwashing begin
I'm pleased to announce my mission statement for Satanic Prep k-12 is available and we are ready to accept your tax dollars
Bring back vocational classes,shop,woodworking,give kids some skills.Collage is not for everyone,Give them a choice,
even religious schools? Violates the First Amendment.
and take money away from the inner schools that have the most at risk kids
Thank you for standing up for education reform.
this is a great way to waste money!
you are an embarrassment to your fathers legacy.
Bravo!
privatization of the school system will be easier to indoctrinate and have school loan debt 4 grades k-12! Only good for Inc.
this is awesome. We nearly went bankrupt trying get kids educated. Failed schools, charter lotto forced us into private schools
Decoded: take money from school districts.
Best K-12 ed requires free choice among strong public schools & fully funded charters and vouchers.
A gift to the rich that destroys public schools. Just what we need
public schools are disgusting, they cancel programs in favor of sports, protect child molesters instead of students
Um, okay
as long as the federal snoops don't also follow the student - $ always comes with strings. +This is a 10th Amendment issue not fed
Who doesn't have a choice where their kid goes to school?  Keep public tax dollars in public schools! #SchoolChoice #JointAddress
Actually a lot of people, if they can't afford a certain school they are forced into public schools, and the school often
nearest to you is where you are forced to go. Meaning the quality of schooling you have access to is based solely on your zip
code and not your ambition, intelligence, etc. This is a push to stop intergenerational poverty to get better schooling for
children in poverty.
And as of right now, funds ARE going to public schools, and it's not working as well as states that offer school choice, who
see rises in test scores in every area
Not true! I have 4 children who all went to public school all accepted to 4 yr University's all top 10'in their class.
kudos to you.  please convince your NC peers to do the same.
I support it, too, but not with federal $. Federal government should not be involved in education policy.
you used to be cool Rand
What steps will we take to make sure this works.  We can't afford an "oops" 10 years down the road if it doesn't work.
school choice is good and long over due. Trump Rules!!!
I guess people should have the opportunity to pick the school they deem best for their children. This country favors the 'elite'.
your dad would disagree
what happened to your promise to get rid of @usedgov
Great start. Now how about getting rid of Common Core?
returns to the states to decide
Ayn Rand is for babies
And your point is? (Who mentioned Ayn Rand?)
