And please replace it with something truly affordable not this expensive abomination that was foisted on me.
Oh my. What did you have before ACA?
$208/month & $1750 out of pocket vs. 848/month & $3,250 out of pocket for single coverage.
you know that private ins. Co. Drive up the price, as well as red states refusing the ex.
The exchange where working taxpayers get to pay for your "free" insurance?
no that's the for profit insurance company. Stay off the Kool aid.
Hahaha. You know you've won the argument when they start slinging insults.
illegal immigrants can't qualify for Obamacare. It is illegal. That is included in the aca
hmm that is interesting. Thanks for sharing! I'll have to look into it more as well
will do
Repeal it and stop thinking you fools tyranny is better the Obamas people will buy what they want
Ah yes, turn the ACA into the freedom to die act.  Legalize euthanasia.
GOP (Rs) lied to us.
2+ yrs ago it was REPEAL
Then it became Repeal & Replace
Now it's 'Fix It"
We been screwed again!
if it's repeal, you will be screwed
repeal obamacare and provide great choices for us who want to buy BUT DONT MANDATE #NOTCONSTITUTIONAL
you've had EIGHT YEARS to come up with a replacement. What's the problem? YOU DONT HAVE A CLUE.
Replace with what? Or were you expecting the USA to keep swallowing the shit you keep shovelling?
@RandPaul
You are so full of it.  You all have had 6 years to do this and all you got is traction and freedom from healthcare?
you had 5yrs to come up with a plan. Reps are great talkers. But useless
You all should think about exactly whats involved with medicine.  ins, doctors, hospitals.   the cost to the patients are toohigh
only your kind has health care freedom. .
Thanks for standing up for individual liberty & our right to make choices in our healthcare, education, etc #StandWithRand
don't you mean freedom "from" healthcare?
well get to work
4yrs h.w.bush zippo healthcare,8yrs g.w. Bush, zippo healthcare. 8yrs Obama Wow! Healthcare. Reps nose all out of joint,all talk!
Are you proposing a move away from employer-sponsored health coverage to HSAs? This could negatively impact older, hourly workers.
The greed involved with doctors is getting ridiculous.
Hi Sen Paul  I find it outrageous that a doctor 5 to 10 minute visit is charged $365.   That yields $3650 income per hour
Repeal now please
just make sure covers pre exiting
..Where is the proof? start your work. if you don't do anything you will 2018 disappear.
Freedomcare!
@POTUS we #StandWithRand #ObamacareReplacementActS222  Don't wait on incompetent @SpeakerRyan Use rand plan
What do we want? Freedom from healthcare!!

When do we want it? Now!

Make America uninsured again! #MAUA
might as well force everyone to buy boat insurance
as long as "they" give me a boat.
Totally. Then Pence becomes president and b/c he's so different from Trump everything will be ok, right?
Now would that be my freedom/right to healthcare...or freedom FROM having access to healthcare.  On expanded Medicaid, at 64.
Be a voice of sanity in GOP, replace or rework but make ACA truly affordable for Americans.
if you have a solid replacement pls provide it. We need evidence of the new plan, not meaningless words.
and what if we want Obamacare? Or do we not have the freedom to choose that option?
Did you see that @DRUDGE_REPORT is even reporting how @GOP & @realDonaldTrump aren't moving to end the mandate, jump on this NOW!
I'm disappointed y'all didn't have the replacement ready. Am I wrong?
Hey @RandPaul, I read through your press release re: your ACA replacement & have lots of questions. How can I find out more?
I have a great interest in healthcare coverage, as I'm in the health field & I'm a woman w/ pre-existing conditions. @RandPaul
why file a bill to exempt med industry from Fed antitrust laws? Enforce 15 USC Chap 1 instead! Gov for the ppl not lobbyists
No carbon tax!
what does this even mean?
Thank you for all you do! anything is better than obamacare lies... KEEP UP THE GREAT WORK
Do not get rid of Obama Care only fix! Keep pre-existing conditions, abortions, care for all...I don't trust you, Trump or Republi
Why does your bill exempt health care professionals from federal antitrust laws? @RandPaul Monopolies are the problem right?
what happened to you? used to think you were a compassionate republican. Healthcare in the hands of corporate greed?
good job in the interview with Wolf
Thank you for unifying after primaries, devotion to fixing things. You're a GOP hero!#MAGA #Hero
people have become sceptical about whether or not the healthcare will be repealed!.
@Mike_Beacham @YouTube  Let's move! Thought you were still hiding under McConnell's skirt.
THAT MEANS NOTHING, DUDE. Without a tactical, accessible national healthcare plan that covers preexisting conditions, people die.
Sanders is right - Access to healthcare is not same as having healthcare coverage.
medicare/medicaid per capital block grants to county hospitals for admin and benefits.more taxqual smgps(soleprop,llc,scorp,corp)
There are over 400,000 kids in #fostercare in this nation, each year 23,439 children"age out" of foster care at 18 w/no resources.
Provisions within #ACA... up to age 26 helped a population with high risk of homelessness and with out family to fall back on.
What will be put into place to help keep these children in foster care covered as well as those that age out?
that Affordable isn't affordable at all. And it's destroying our healthcare system. I see it first hand as a nurse.
NO. No no NO. Stop the repeal.
Rands the man,with a plan!
isn't  that the same!
I wish you were on some Cabinet post. Your politics always make so much sense! Big supporter of you, Sir.
Please don't repeal first. Pass a budget without repeal then work on a bipartisan replacement. Repeal first is too risky.
your bill S.222 exempts healthcare providers from antitrust laws! Guaranteeing price fixing! How does THAT bring down costs?
Freedom from health! Exactly what Americans need!
in other words, pharmicutecle companies paid you the bribe money
why is it that this congress cant get their act to gather?
I wish you guys would actually be patriots when it mattered :/
you sold your soul to the devil today. Shame on you. How much did she pay you? #DumpDevos
We don't need to wait till 2018.  Meet with Trump and get supporters signatures for when you go. It is a great plan...
if you had a viable plan we would have not needed ACA
hmm so you HAVE been sitting on your hands for years. SAD
Thank u Sen Paul! need relief now . We make a middle class living, but are stretched thin family of 5 paying $1000/mth
what a crock! You HAVE been in charge for 6 years...
It's time to replace Rand Paul
would you please point the public to a complete read of your proposal.
The GOP offers A Cure For Wellness.  Sounds familiar . . .
Nah, Obamacare is great, saved lives.
freedom from health also known as death
@SenJohnMcCain thanks for supporting Bernie sanders bill last month means a lot
You exempt the very people we should be indicting for violating price fixing/collusion. Why?????
Please continue push Obamacare repeal/replace. We have it, we hate it. Sooner rather than later. McConnell shows weakness.
how about universal healthcare?????
NOW!!!
How about guaranteed coverage with no out of pocket costs? A few of us would prefer that to a 40-page policy favoring insurers.
Cheap health care plans fine till you get very sick and you are not covered. Associations good idea but health savings???
it's time to replace all of you!
The problem is every Federal Agency is full of leftist and will use their power to fight against good, Lois Lerner?
were is ur plan u said u have one
call out whomever is obstructing, GOP or otherwise
it's not 'freedom' if the market doesn't create equal opportunity that provides care for those of us in the gaps!
you my friend and every other republican are just lackeys, you cannot even think for yourselves. Very sad.
why would any one want heath care freedom? Can it just be your sick you get help.
I read your article outlining your healthcare replacement in the WSJ. I agree with you 100%!
freedom to get sick and freedom to pay for own healthcare if it takes every last penny earned. No thanks Senator Paul
slow down there slime ball, explain your "yes" vote on Betsy DeVos
Don't buy any green bananas.
@realDonaldTrump sure go ahead with that now that public education is fucked up #specialinterest
The world healthcare is not in the constitution. Repeal only. The legislature needs to get off their butts and get to work.
Or as most people call it- the inability to obtain health insurance.
It's time to replace Donald Trump with a sane human being.  Impeach!
If you can name one sane leftist Democrat I'll vote for him/her. Sane Democrat is an oxymoron
This is not about partisanship anymore.  It's about reality.  You're hooked up with a bloody nutcase!
I didn't understand the 3rd state option
7 years ago, an act of violence left me disabled & my disability left me sick & impoverished. How can I be assured necessary care?
or just fix the problems and quit wasting time and money on your replacement. You caught the car, wacha gonna do dog?
Or, as the poor call it, no healthcare at all or the freedom to die quickly.
Are you able to work with Ryan?  I do hope we can move forward as one unit.
Amen!  Get it done.  Enough talk.
Make sure the #liberals vote for it before reading it.
Then see whats in it.
the time to fix ACA was a long time ago but @GOP used it's problems for political gain. Pressures on, you guys BETTER GET IT RIGHT
time to replace you!
According to Congress it's time to waste 10 more trillion.
do it, Mr. Senator! Enough talk! And abolish patent law while you're at it!
thank you Rand! Let's take it further, deregulate and let people open affordable private clinics with sticker prices!
, The poor people in Kentucky will be affected most , with your plan.
we have to cut big bonuses at hospitals that are non profits! That is where the huge costs come from!! 1bil per hosp grp
As long as it has tax cuts for the super rich, and ends coverage for the working poor, count me in, sir! Make it happen!
Thank you!
You have no idea what you are doing? You are selling the American people swamp land. You should be ashamed @jaketapper @CNN
#StandWithRand
then do it now not a year from now!
your plan punishes people who are poor sending millions back to ERs for primary care & cripples Eastern KY
but you voted for DeVos...coward!
less rhetoric, more specifics. your plan does nothing for working poor, sick & retirees. Helps ppl w/money for HSAs & tax credits
We had healthcare freedom before.  It doesn't pay the bills.
Why do you want to get rid of the Affordable Healthcare Act? When your "Healthcare Freedom" increases cost?
Do you mean the freedom to die from lack of health care? The ACA is the Republican plan!
@LKVents @YouTube 
We the people cannot wait till 2018
Any Republican that holds it longer than six months will be fired 2018/20
Or leave it as it is
we badly need it since yesterday n if you fail to do so we the people will take care of you. Please #REPEALACAOCA. #MAGA
With all due respect, you live in an America other than the one most Americans live in. So what's your reason 4 confirming #DEVOS?
Sec 601 of bill "exempt from Federal antitrust laws". We need transparency. Posted prices,same for all. Ins can neg what they pay.
freedom from health care! Yay! #thanksRepublicans
start moving on the tax breaks since ACA reform will take awhile.
by exempting the bastards from antitrust law? Give them their bribe back and say "no."
And we shouldn’t have to wait a year!
I'm with you, Senator Paul! Sounds like your solution is good old-fashioned common sense. Praying you get it passed!
ok let's get it done.
would love to see a plan like Switzerland has along with opening state lines for HI &possibly a Direct primary care model
this is further proof republicans have no plan. Never did
Praying this would be a 'good plan'!
Keep the Congressmen out of the 'Insurance Companies' money!
I would rather repeal and replace you
Have a look at Australia's two tiered system.
One of the few Republicans at all concerned with REPLACING Obamacare. Too bad you didn't get thr nomination!
as long a you lower the prices of the drugs, hospitals, and insurance rate to match the wages that people are making now
You failed KY today for education. #ShameYourSenator
Sounds: Will the Ds and the Insurance Companies allow that to happen? What about Hospitals? Will Doctors 'like'?
You're being foolish and near sighted. As a NP I see people need choice but also help. Your plan will not help.
really need to add in repealing the McCarran-Ferguson act. Let's actually establish free market competition again.
.@RandPaul let's get it done!!
@SadieTurner17
time to replace you with someone who doesn't believe in people buying political appointments
Details, please.
.@RandPaul why does your version of freedom only make rich people richer? @YouTube
Yes Senator. Now, not later.....
.@RandPaul @YouTube Hurry, please.
I would love to have control over my healthcare and your plan allows that.
in 8 years opposing OC and still not KNOWING how to change it , doesn't look good on your PARTY
now kissing?????
better email that over to Soro's funded, buggy whipped armed @SpeakerRyan. He's moving at a snail's pace on this.
Rand Paul: ‘Trump Is a Delusional Narcissist and an Orange-Faced Windbag’
