Why don't congress do something about Antigua, they should be on a terrorist list
ALSO THE HOMO PIGS REPUBLICAN WOULD NOT LET OBAMA DO ANY THING LIKE THAT. SO GET OFF OBAMA CASE.
If you don't try, you will never know. Talk hasn't worked, what's left?
@Nommersewe : Have to RT this  again! #America #BorisJohnson #Macron
Neither has our prior inactivity, passivity or apologetic foreign policies my friend and fellow American.
That is an apodictic certainty.  US has bombed the wider region for almost three decades. Success (traditional definition) remains elusive.
liz call me
Except for getting Iraq out of Kuwait, preventing Saddam from controlling any more oil interests, Mr. Paul may have a point.
We haven't intervened before. We just play games with red chalk. Chemicals are not an option in ANY war. You would have done the same, Rand.
GO TRUMP! THANK you for working for us not politicians.  DON'T LET THEM bring it here. Donna Palmer
Maybe Senator Paul. Maybe not. But "maybe." 

If we can make a difference, it's worth trying! 

With G-d, ALL THINGS ARE POSSIBLE!!!
https://twitter.com/dolg132004/status/851114327331491841 …
How do we defeat ISIS and Alq? More hugs?

.@maytham956 @sahouraxo @BriggsfairJulia 
http://rense.com/general96/tokyosub.html …
#Puppets are like well-trained animals, learn, repeat #Trump @POTUS https://twitter.com/sine_injuria/status/851130366408765442 …
It is oblivious that sitting on the sidelines with you finger up your rear and thumb in your mouth will not work.
AND JUST WHAT DO YOU SUGGEST, SIR???
Well Rand Paul what do you suggest, all you so called conservatives stood by while Oduma got us into this mess? Get off your asses and help.
Do we not intervene and continue to allow a murderous dictator to slaughter his own people and displace them all over the world?
Wisdom, is not easy to find at the moment. Let's make a deal with #russia These wars must end or the terror grows #HandsOffSyria
the FBI comes out and says that  30 percent, of their domestic terrorism cases that they’re investigating are from folks who are refugees,”
REFUGEES:Travel loans defaulted US govt special 0% bus loan $15K,2.8 Billion public assistance,USAID spent $223 million on microenterprise
nobody's gonna win this thing. best we can do is get a little time and breathing space. which is more than goody2shoes want
Mr. Paul we as a nation are trillions in debt. We can not afford to continue to support foreigners who bring nothing but hat in hand.
Surely a little more skilled brain power is needed in this Syrian Affair.? That war dog from President Trump was disheartening.
Fool me once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me. Fool me three times???
I don't think the US was the purpose I think it's bc BABIES were stinking gassed I know we kill babies here w abortion daily but this not ok
We shouldn't jump to conclusions but a vacuum was left and a shift to Iranian dominance was left by Obama. Trump may be closing that gap
Make no mistake.
"Victims" of the chemical attacks and bombing Assad....
"Жертвы" химических атак и бомбардировок Асада 
So you feel that a mass murder can be rehabilitated? Kill them where you find them. If he would that at all, he would do it to anyone.
Always the guy in the back of the room with the 'bright idea".Guy at the end of the bench with the winning play idea. All hat and no cattle
And your solution is....???
There are US citizens and soldiers all around the world. Chemical weapons can't be tolerated
oh sure, consult Congess? By that time, many more would have died. Need to face reality.
Obama et al lied, Rand.

wow a psychic too.  We have to try something instead of just witness murder of children and spread of chemical weapons.
Congress can't even get all of Trump's cabinet approved!  How long would it take for Congress to approve shutting down Syria?????
Well being safe isn't all bad. As for the other let's see what happened.  Sam 2
I agree with you on both statement, but the war loving Republican Party will never agree. Trump will never stop if his poll #goes up .
well said and do true. This all set in motion to put whites against Muslims in wwiii while the Zionist Jews take all. Wake up USA.
If this is a one time thing because they used chemical weapons it might serve a good purpose. We have not started a war we sent a message.
So yud prefer the Obama lead from behind approach leting Russia in when Trump approach then might have saved 500k deaths? @POTUS
No we  wont be any safer setting on our ass all the time.
This is not an "intervention" it's blatant murder to protect big Oil interests. F*** that!
Bravo #RandPaul tho I still don't agree w/you on many other issues, you are a valuable voice for USPublic sick of wars for Israels' squats
Are you kidding sit back and watch you DOPE I know you have been picked on your entire life
There were no prior interventions! It was a facade! Now Trump has done real damage & sent a strong message!!

#Bolivia calls for #EmergencyMeeting of #UN #SecurityCouncil on #US missile strikes in #Syria #USStrikesSyria #SyriaStrikes #SyriaAirstrike 
I DONT THINK IT GOING THAT FAR.
When Paul Rand speaks, you know it's not about America's best interests,it's about his ego.,, what's left of it. 
Good point, but his name is actually Rand Paul.  Best wishes!
Oops  lol
No big deal, Sonia!  
How about we intervene to protect Syrian Christians?  How about we do that?
Intervention? During Obama it was not intervention, he acted for foreign power to overthrow government. Note: not defending Assad
Where were you during Obozo's 8 years?
Whenever making "interventions" around the world, matters are only made worse when USA fails to get a grip on who the real culprits are:
go bury your head in the sand!
We have boots on the ground there... Don't you think this sends a message that we will defend them from unconventional warfare at all costs?
@kevrishk
On the contrary, the US/UK interference in #Iraq destabilised the whole region and resulted in the chaos which has developed since. #Syria
The problem is that so many fail to #Humanize the process.  They don't see that its wrong to bomb anybody... period. #GuiltyByAssociation
So keep letting Assad use chemical weapons? Isolationism didn't work out so well for us in 1941.
Intervention of what. Oh yeah that's right they said no to your oil pipeline.
Syria will be Iraq2 if Assad goes Generatiions of instability death and destruction The west has learned NOTHING
Hopefully, this is a limited action and will be the end of it.
If career politicians would do something besides cry m pout all this shit wouldn't b going on. Get a job n retire
Did you see those babies writhing in pain and foaming at the mouth?Are you just heartless or just so self involved. It was s limited attack
Get with the program Mr Paul we elected trump and we the support his decision please sit on the sideline if you can't be an asset!
Actually senator I think Assad will think twice before he uses gas on his own ppl.  This is a warning.
The strike was not meant to remove anyone from power, it was a public spanking for breaking the law , using chemical gases on civilians.
Like you made obumma do... You wimp
Sometimes you need to look beyond making you safer, you have to do wrong but for the right reasons.
If this turns right we may develope a WORKING rrelationship with Russia and China over MUTUAL interests instead of fighting over scraps
This was a distraction by trump and puti, that's all
First time I ever agreed with you!! @RandPaul
But @RandPaul what if this does do the trick? Isn't it better to destroy an airfield than an entire country? #Istandwithtrump
I thought you were a libertarian. I suppose not.
Maybe productive Americans are tired of supporting refugees. We have our own slackers to support. Send them home to fight.
Assad is calling the western world's bluff. To those who oppose, how would you have dealt with it that hasn't already been tried?seriously.
Im no Trump fan but using chem weapons on civilians is unacceptable.It warranted a real response.Had nothing been done it would happen again
That's not what the Sirians think. Have you seen the CNN interview Ron Paul.
You lost Rand Paul! Suck it up buttercup!
Senator, #45 frightens me, and it feels like everyone who could take him down are just shuffling their feet. Please help. He & Putin togethr
Chemical attacks cannot be ignored He bomb the carrier Obama started this mess remember that as u stone your stones Rand
Senator,' little girls dancing in the Streets' doubt-not GODS directional support, as , @POTUS is Our MOSES in this season. Prayers answered
That's why isolationist libertarians will never be President.
shut up, we dropped so much bombs in Syria when Obama was in office that we ran out of fcking bombs. but that's different?
What's the difference between what Trump did last night, and what Bill Clinton did for months to the Serbs?
Obviously gassed children no biggy.This preventative strike curtail chemicals not declaration war.Rand is congress start debate if needed.
Please shut up!!!
What interventions? All Obama did was draw a red line and made us look like wussies!
So you would do nothing when nerve agent is used on innocent civilians?  Wtg Rand.  Stand for something instead of criticising everything.
#GOPclueless
Because no one has the guts to deal with follow through. Just want to destabilize and then leave. How about sticking in and supporting.
Time to depart the Trump Train. You have arrived at your destination.
@Fifi_Borgia A new hydra awaits
Dude one day you are up trumps hump and the next you are dogging him! Make up your pea brain! To collude or not to collude!!
Then you and your colleagues should all resign. You all are obviously inept.
Doing nothing makes no safer, doing something makes no safer.  I'll still say do something!
The use of NBC type weapons is unacceptable and should never go unpunished!
Maybe not, but doing nothing has encouraged our enemies to wreck havoc in the M.E. and conduct training for refugees to attack in US streets
In certain instances, I wish US Senators would just shut up & and not run to the first camera they see to comment. This's one of those times
Should we let children get slaughtered.
Well someone should have told The lexecutive branch that before they went into Vietnam.
possibly yur dad should hav given them som freeze dried food processor equipment n exchange 4 a change in murderous attitude toward children
I'm usually on the same page, you are.  But, I don't agree with you on this.  The military action was measured, and sent a strong message.

I think you have some valid concerns and should deal with it in congress but right now it is important for us to be united. Strength!
Safety and doing the right thing are often NOT the same thing.
Keep yelling that message!
We are no longer the World Policeman........especially for the Middle East, a land filled with American Hatred! Let Saudi or Qatar Lead....
So children don't mean anything I find this sad on your part you are not a American
We aren't intervening in Syria we r fighting ISIS in Syria. Response to Assad was just that. He got the message.
Rand and Tulsi are right!  Need to first confirm Assad gassed his people but US destroyed airfield where chemicals were allegedly airlifted.
You lost
no, the President if the Command in Chief and can order the military to protect the USA. It's undeclared just like Vietnam.
How was USA in danger?????
May be true but doing nothing seems wrong
Let's set a sanctuary city, light candles and sing kum bay ya.
the #Islamic faith is based on war and hate

#Muhammad married 9 yr. old #Aisha and ravaged Europe with barbarism in the middle ages
#Sharia
The problem with #Syria is the rebels fighting #Assad are riddled with #ISIS

so who are you going to fight?

#IslamIsAReligionOfHateAndWar
Totally agree with you senator.
If @POTUS gets congressional approval first, it will get leaked. Trust very few in Washington.
Or prior elections of your relatives have done nothing either, but you still got elected. Some things never change.
Very very dangerous business.
#SyriaHoax #FalseFlag #ImpeachTrump
And how would U respond to the families whose children are dying. What is your plan to help them? And what about the travel ban??
That's what many Americans said about Germany before World War II.  Sometimes sending a message that is loud and clear is necessary!
I applaud President Trump! standing up for the Women and Children being http://gassed.You  have children don't you?this is who We Are!
China, Russia and other creditors of the US could start to defund it and dump US treasuries. Bring on a USSR-style collapse.
you would probably be the better president for the world
Syria's problem, similar to Lydia,  Iraq, were regime change by @GWBush, @HillaryClinton. Saudi, UAE, Qatar financing, arming ISIS MUST STOP
agreed but sometimes you have to take a stand. You're confussed Senator.
It is just a bargaining tool for Russian sanctions.
This strike wasn't meant to make life better for us. It was meant to prevent further horrible acts. Using banned weapons on Syrian citizens.
And....
THERE IS NO MERCY WHEN HE KILLS HIS OWN PEOPLE HE NEEDS TO DIE
Can you please be our president! Please??!!
Okay, Senator - what's your answer? Turn a blind eye, like we did in WWII? How many people have to get gassed before we help?
The objective is NOT to 'make us safe':  it is to remove Assad because (a) he's not a globalist puppet;  & (b) because the Saudis demand it.
After your comment about his actions being unconstitutional I had lost respect for you. Your a congressman and don't even know shit
Totally rare that I agree with Rand Paul, but in this case, I do.
Me too
How can Trump go to Congress with leaks? The plan woulda been leaked! Gotta b supported; no trust.
Let's look at this as a humanitarian effort to send a message to stop killing your own innocent people
I thoroughly disagree, Senator. Our past inaction is what has made that region so dangerous. The way that you beat a bully is to beat him.
Exactly, ur government has done nothing but create unrest and chaos in "this" region. Youve caused enough destruction as it is.
Doesn't POTUS have 60 days before congressional approval is required?
I agree Senator, but what would you have done if you were in the President,s shoes?
Hey Rand, r u really that stupid? This was all a show. Putin/Trump spoke b/f trump spoke to select mbrs of congress. #donthecon fooled all.
Every now and then he says something sensible
you can't have it both ways ! Lead when it comes to inhumanity! U
Also where is the evidence? Will this b like 2013 where we find later the rebels (west backed) did the gas attack? Will we learn?
@MarkRuffalo never has anything to do with human rights or safety of America's citizens. Money and power.
You do have point. I'm sure that has been raised with military involvement throughout history
In fact under #Obama ISIS expanded significantly. There is plenty to do here at home. Middle East does not want American democracy
@GreenUS4 @RandPaul and freedom middle East seeks violence and death
