Because healthcare is the largest part of the budget.  Source Politifact 2016 federal budget
Nope.
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
I mean go for it, but it seems like a very obvious thing
I’d like to see spending cut first. How will the debt ever get paid down...
I like it. That whole explode the debt thing though. Seriously to late there.
if u all paid for your healthcare,imagine the tax relief for the rest of us.
Does this mean you showed up and did your job, and voted the tax cuts?
Ron don't screw this up for the president
do these tax cuts harm the benefits to our senior citizens?
CUT SPENDING IN D.C. JUST THINK HOW MUCH $$ SAVED BY CUTTING GOVT EMPLOYEES AND ALL THE PERKS! IT GOES ON & ON.
Yes because there is no better way to cut spending, so you can cut taxes, than an extra 1.5 trillion dollars of debt.
If history replays-Cutting taxes for corporations and top earners only benefits them. Higher dividends will be paid out and workers get zero
Now you’re singing my favorite tune.
The grabbing hands grab all they can. You will eat your words.  Dine w the devil wake up in hell.
most GOP are a bunch of spineless, cowardly, political mercantilist back stabbers! Time to repeal and replace with true revolutionaries!
Straight up RINO
Please don’t cut MCR & MCD funding.  Will be hard to manage new regulations with less funding.
You will never cut spending! You and the GOP don’t have the stones.
#CutTheirCard
Bae 
Do not agree to tax cut without defunding planned Parenthood.  Stop killing babies with my taxes
Don't believe you. You will pass this then vote against everything else so you can ACT like you tried.

@pnehlen for Rand Paul's job
This has to happen!
#StandWithRand
As long as defense spending is also in the conversation I'm all in.
Keep em between the ditches, boo!
One would think this is plain old common sense...
Thank you! A real American who understands what "we the people" voted for.  The rest of the slime balls just don't get it and will be out!
You know how the "swamp people" RINO obstructionists will vote. Thanks for trying Senator Paul!
cut the size and scope of the federal government to pay for the tax cuts the damn budget
When? Your budget doesn’t cut it adds
Cut spending put in Paul pocket
Thanks for standing up and speaking out Rand. I just tuned in to c-span2.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE vote to PASS the budget bill today/tonight. Americans do NOT need more @GOP division. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP
ROCK ON RAND PAUL!
Please cut as much as you can from wherever you can.
u can cut taxes all u want, but if our politicians are corrupt they will spend our money foolishly and not for the betterment of all of us.
Senator we as accounting professionals, CPA, small business owner - wonder how you feel our industry will be impacted from 'talk' of TAX/DC?
who really gets these "tax cuts"? don't our roads and bridges need repair?  we are behind other countries in quality of airports & public tr
People who pay taxes get tax cuts.
Cut spending the next time around!  Forward on tax reform!  Give Trump a break for the first time!
Paul cut put his pocket plan
I would put Middle Class Tax cuts before the Wealthy, Military should always have funding, I should have same healthcare options you do.
No problem, cut healthcare to congress as well.
Rand ,please support our President !!!
Oh I do love the promotion of nationalism in this senators thread. Congrats... traitor
What on God's green earth makes you even think we would belive any of you swampdwellers are going to do anything you say you will? not dumb.
Hope you can find a way to approve this bill so we can start making better choices and more money  and maga
If u talk about cutting costs your tax reform will cost trillions to the budget. While saving millions for the rich. Great balance. NOT
We don't need balance in stealing.  Just end it completely.
I & a lot of people see things your way.  However, PLEASE don't be the fly in the ointment with what Trump is TRYING to do! TAKE BABY STEPS?
all by myself, keep fighting Rand. No one else has guts to mention the C word.
Voting NO to proceed won't cut one penny of spending. Don't let there be any misunderstanding of that. Pass #TaxReform
One suggestion that wil cut major expenses: Bring our soldiers home and leave other countries alone. Military spending is outrageous.
Correct.  That should be cut as well.
Yes Rand we want ALL Congress Man to also have the same health care we have and cut salary's for the #Congressmen & women
Good, libertarians aren't against cutting all public funding to congressmen and women.
Please vote "Yes" we NEED change
So? cut taxes for everyone, including the rich.
Cut them all
Politicians doing what they say?

That's a damn good one!!!
(I know some other amendments that politicians ignore. Why will this one be any different?)
Why cut spending, we’re not on the gold standar and inflation is in check?
OMG try actually doing something! Try doing more than voting no.
Thank you sir!
you gonna pay off the debt rand?
Spread the word.

#AmericanNationalism 
#FreedomFirst
More republican bullshit!
Get it done Senator! 
http://www.puppetstringnews.com/blog/lynch-blocked-fbi-informant-from-testifying-to-congress-on-hillaryrussia-deal … … 
Lynch blocked FBI informant from testifying to Congress on Hillary/Russia deal
Lies, debunked lies. You all can say what you want but never with facts
We stand with Rand!
No doubt I'd stand w. the lesser of 100 evils (Rand) before I stand w. the lesser of only 2 evils (the President)
