There are ways to make sure people who have been here for many years since childhood are allowed to stay.
We should include efforts to reduce and reform immigration in other areas at the same time. Congress will need to address this problem.
Well okay, ball in your court...
No problem. Send them back where they belong and end the baby born here clause
No bipartisan problem solving, do what we elected you and president trump trump to do, live up to your campaign promises.
Well gosh, if it's real problem status that leads to bipartisan solutions, why is healthcare reform evasive?
Liar. It passed two legal challenges and would have survived the next the GOP threw at it. This is about erasing Obama, not saving #DACA
Why did he get away with it
Since Paul Ryan and pelosi already agree should be easy!!!
Yeah, because Congress is so good at solving problems.
We can't even get the Republicans together much less the Republicans and the Democrats you know that as well as I.
@SenateGOP you guys can't fold an umbrella.
Umbrella's aren't folded...
It's all bullshit. None of y'all give a shit about the American people. Half of you want votes, the other half wants cheap labor. Yawn
Yeah, it goes nowhere, they leave, and then apply for citizenship.
Forcing #Congress to do its #Job is the answer @SpeakerRyan.  #Protest risks an arrest and chance for #Dreamers to legally immigrate.
Arpaio broke he law by profiling minorities, was found guilty in federal law and yet he was pardoned. Why does he get off he hoof?
If DACA was illegal, then how did it stand for five years?
why did you refuse to solve things in a 'bipartisan fashion' while Obama was in office?
Can't imagine what's stopped you all these years since DREAM Act was introduced. Oh wait. GOP wouldn't vote for it in sufficient numbers.
Exactly
@BarackObama created this illegal mess, congress didn't act before, DJT has called on congress to put up or shut up.
Don't blame Dr. Paul when Senate attaches big gov BS to 'noble aims'. President should tweet less, and inform himself and you more.
Why is it when GOP has power, we are expected to work in a bipartisan manner. When they have power, this shove everything down our throats.
OBAMACARE - PPL CHOKING
It wasn't illegal. That's the rhetoric some of the right wants to put out there but it's not true.
It was illegal and the Constitution it has to go to both houses the President doesn't have the power to do it! Learn your Constitution!
Solve and do it fast!
Uh, you think?
So cruel
A tear
American citizens come first.  Repeal Obamacare, pass tax cuts, infrastructure reform, reduce govt.  Then talk about illegals.
Follow & enforce the law. Arrest & charge all CEO's who just admitted they ILLEGALLY employ undocumented immigrants.
If it were illegal why weren't there any court challenges?
Does anyone in the government know the definition of bipartisan?!?!!
How? Congres never works ever
totally agree #trump
And it needs to be solved long before you shift the corporate tax burden onto the middle class. #DACA before tax "reform."
WALL B4 DACA
Oh, bullshit. If it was illegal Republicans would have been all over it , crying to the Supremes. Grow up, Randy.
A federal just said it was illegal. Reps were all over it. That is why Obama did it in a series of exc orders.
Yes, and make sure you do it before tax reform, healthcare, N Korea, and debt ceiling which can be put on hold indefinitely.
Did you know in Chicago a dreaming with a B average goes to college for free. And a legal resident pays.
#DACA enacted in 2012 is not illegal. Btw this is how a true American Patriot responds »
Most U.S. Veterans don't trust McCain, since his fellow POW's cast doubt on him as a traitor. Definitely a reprehensible legislator.
Unconstitutional EO needs to go away. Bipartisan work comes after!
Ok let's trow away all the daily signed E.O. of @realDonaldTrump  than.
You will have to wait until he's not a sitting POTUS. Know your #Law
The executive order was not illegal. Do you understand prosecutorial discretion, and how it applies to the rule of law? I'd venture not.
Do you even Constitution brah?!
Good luck with that. "Bipartisan" means Democrats get their way.
@RandPual If I did something illegal&some good cameout of it..would U make it a law? 2wrongs dont make a rite...apparently it does in Urmind
Illegals were enabled by both Rep & Dems that encouraged their behavior then often used them.
Must be nation of laws yet fix this injustice!
I agree there is no good guys in politics just talking points&abuses hidden from us at present but it always comes to light. @RandPaul #help
Really? Why?
What President @BarackObama really should have done is pardon #DACA eligibles just like President Carter pardoned draft dodgers.
Probably cannot pardon a non-citizen (or give citizenship by decree)
The "probably" is worth the shot.  I do not buy, thus take as false, the dichotomy between criminal and civil offenses wrt pardon power.
Illegal is what Obama did so now we have no law, order, consequence?
Are children to be held accountable for the actions of their parents?  I believe Senator Paul is exactly right, here.
I don't.  Agree to disagree.  I am done commenting politics for today.  This illegal group of millions is not a good topic for me. Sorry.
You don't need to apologize to me. You stand on the firm ground of legality...what is clear, however, any changes need to be via legislation
Changes should be voted on. If not passed out laws should be enforced
Exactly.  This is only hard because leaders take liberties with their office... obviously easier to ask for forgiveness than permission.
Yes! We may not mind them staying, but we are a REPUBLIC, governed by LAWS. We must follow the law. Congress can change the law if wanted.
It's time to stop all immigration and let legal immigrants already here,intagrate to become American, to get American values.
Enforce the law, or change the law, that's your damn job!
Not illegal and you know that, but agreed about solving. Stop you partisan rhetoric and start working together
great idea, it's about time Congress did something!! @tacocase2 #RoyCooperSucks
Congress makes problems then turn around and tell u they will fix it. Well,u wouldn't have to fix anything if u didn't screwed it up.
Was it? Or was it your lack of ability to do your job?!
Since when did having no immagration policy become a great accomplishment? And america isnt a baby sitter...take care of ur children mexico
GOP Lawmakers, We never said that! YELL  fake news! fake news!  but, we have tape!, oh, uhm well,  we were just kidding when we said that
Used to like you now had enough of you political showmanship ! You are no different to the other so called politicians in Washington !
This is SO NOT a national or immigration issue, but rather an issue between the child & their PARENTS who BROUGHT THEM HERE ILLEGALLY!
Good luck with that. Where's my tax break?
It's only "illegal" when a brown guy does it - when an orange guy issues an EO he's "doing his job"
You are right on, Michelle!
Leaders without leadership!!!!
Read the wise words of 2013 @realDonaldTrump ! Helping DACA is not a compromise! It's a give away to Democrats! It's GOP suicide!
Rand Paul is my favorite Senator but prioritizing legislation for Illegal aliens over American citizens makes him look like a RINO traitor.
I think he's being sarcastic, ridiculing the #RINOs in @HouseGOP @SenateGOP.  GOP is NOTHING to me any longer. @GOPChairwoman
45 is illegal. Do something about him.
Yeah! Like impeach that MFer!
Get rid of it
Nothing ever gets done this way! Bipartisan politics was the reason for Obamas executive action. HIS way. New boss, step aside.
Tired of you people saying what "needs to be done".  Just do it!!!
And where were you when he signed it? All you did was try to stop everything or it would have been done through congress
@GMA4Trump_ You really expect the Resisting, Obstructing #Democrats to work with you on anything?
Sad ignorant hick grandmas like Cathy are the worst.
Just an idea: but can we avoid Ad Hominem attacks and address logical arguments on the issues? #TheMoreYouKnow
Could u define logical please? That word is no longer in American English.
Meh
Bipartisan = a greater than normal deception is taking place.
Again, BS! ENFORCE Existing #Immigration Laws! Reunite kids with families that heartlessly shipped their kids here. #EndDACANow #NOAmnesty
Oh Tabitha....
Right. Let's all remember how you ran away from a Dreamer:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PI8rCleTbSo … @GOP @DNC
It's not a problem suggesting that illegals should go home.
Which the @GOP has proven to be embarrassingly unsuccessful w/ legislation & governing while holding #WH #Senate #House #governors
#ImmigrationReform will end just like your #ACA failures did. Kick the can down the road, you guys can't get your own party to pass a bill!
Exactly, Congress should solve this
Not true. His EO prioritized deporting. Go after bad hombres first. Don't waste money and resources on productive members of society
The entire political system of the United States is a total mess.
And yet it works. We are the strongest country in the world.
China's economy is number 1 now.
The financial system of the United States is a huge bubble, a fake.
Wrong.
2014
UR just now figuring that out? WE knew it when he signed EO!! U ignored it like everything else he did! TRAITOR!!
After #TaxReform !After Repeal&Replace Obamacare!After the Wall is built! After all US Vets are properly taken care of! #AmericansFirst 
Have them get to the back of the line. And no freebie for them
Build the Wall!
BTW, Every immigrant should be given 12 months to go through the citizenship program and become an American or they are asked to leave
Wish others used your common sense.
Bipartisan fasion doesnt work, all talk no action, drain the swamp
Not illegal. But I agree it needs to be solved by working together!
Let's see if U can get it done!
In other words, cave to the left.
NO freebies.
NO special rights.
Let them WORK for it like we do.
Just make sure you dont reward illegal actions over legal ones
Yep Quit giving them freebies
Deport them all and
HEY what ABOUT all the ILLEGAL Executive orders our Current President is inacting! U and I both know this is Trump taking apart Obama Legacy
Seems rescinding the order IS doing something about. Congress just needs to step aside and let existing law stand. Oh...and #BuildTheWall
why should 26 yr old get fianacial help my kids work.
"Illegal" in GOP-speak means everything Obama accomplished when he was Presidenting-While-Black.
why are all of Obama's exec orders illegal and anything ASS in the WH wants he just signs and gets no matter how cruel/vile.
Thank you Senator Rand Paul for telling the truth to the people about this ordeal of DACA.
So sick and tired of tax payers suffering because of politics played on both sides.
It will be solved in a bipartisan manner by the people thru the next elections.
stop the invasion , illegal Hispanic get everything Free, and Refugees get free loans for Business and http://Homes.cars , food, money

Facts the majority of American people support dreamers. Facts the majority of the American people don't like potus. Facts the majority
Not a fact. Just a poll. Which can be very wrong, based on sampling.
The majority did not vote for 45 that is fact. Polling can be wrong based on sampling. So I can agree Maybe the majority doesnt accept daca
Using polls to justify policy would have left us a colony.
So go and do it Mr Paul
Debt, Social Security, failing healthcare, Debt, generational dependence on welfare, open borders, Debt, tax reform, DEBT need solved first!
Illegals, go back, get in line.
Should have been addressed 15 years prior to DACA. CONGRESS didn't do their JOB. Do your fricking JOB and protect the Dreamers. #PaulLies

How can Congress save #DACA and not do #HealthcareReform, #TaxReform and #FundTheWall?  They can't.  This is tremendous leverage by Trump.
Then why haven't you done that, Senator????
#alltalknoactioncongress
Kicking the can. Butt head
Everything Obama was allowed to do was illegal!
You have 6 MONTHS to get it done!!!!!
Wasn't EO but just a memo
Blame this on bad parenting,wrong choices have consequences. Back to your origin, grow there, be happy!
You really hate Obama am I right? So every E.O. @realDonaldTrump has signed, day in day out is illegal to. That's what you just said.
No amnesty none whatsoever they go home period 
Good luck with solving anything in a "bipartisan fashion".
Let's get Obama REPEALED and taxes done please,let's work on the American dreamers we need help with healthcare .
Given your collective history, I wish you well, but doubt you'll do anything worthwhile.  Then again, first time for everything!
Congress needs to get to work and fix what they can. Let's get legal U.S. Residents back to work!
the application fee to become a LEGAL CITIZEN is a meager $725 and is waived for people 75 and older,doesn't seem to unreasonable
Do your job for a change!!!!!
Fix it but make sure you remember vets, America first! You work for us
FOR NOW?
Because at the moment it's being treated in a bipolar fashion?
So is colluding with Russia!  IMPEACH TRUMP!
You have had plenty of opportunities to  solve this ,and chose not to,so the whole gop is full of crap. Just saying.
Dreamers ARE Americans. It's time to give them their citizenship papers and ALL equal rights!
If it was illegal WHY did u republicans allow him to get away with it??? Now u want to bash trump for no empathy?? U guys are all gutless!!!
Is there still any liability for illegal actions in the US of A? Or is that a distant memory by now, Senator?
It was not ilegal, yet something needs to be done...
Yes it was
Partial illegal amnesty by Obama was not just spiting in Congress but spitting on the US people. Think back 2 how Obama was trampling US law
Don't use DACA as leverage and it can be resolved quickly.  Think that could happen? Yeah, I don't think so either.
That is it mane word Illegal.. An should have never been in place. I think Obama should be in jail for this Criminal Activity..
No kidding. Now get to work.
Please then get it done. Good people we'd like to welcome into the fold of "American on paper" are going to suffer if no action is taken.
Agreed. By not enforcing immigration law, we were inviting foreigners. You can't blame them for coming. Don't think they should be penalized
I think it should be cut off and buttoned down, but the good, productive  people already here ought to be allowed to stay. It's only fair.
Why nothing gets done unless Trump does it.
How are dreamers.expecting handouts when they go.to school and those old enough work http://and.pay  taxes
Sick and tired of politicians speaking out both sides of their mouths. If you don't come in the legal way, u must go.Obama caused this mess
Applying judiciary discretion is not illegal
Both sides cannot be right Mr. Wet Hair President
And to think how the narrative will change in 2018 if Republicans pass a permanent legislative solution for DREAMers.
They won't, though. If they've shown anything, it's that they're incapable of governing.
Illegal or just unorthodox? If illegal, u would have lost ur lunch to finally have something on the guy!
http://mobile.wnd.com/2015/11/can-the-president-write-his-own-laws/ …  Illegal.. The president cannot write new laws.
It happened and no one was arrested?
Not everything illegal is criminal. Illegal executive orders are civil issues, but they're still outside the law.
So now we're talking illegal vs. unlawful
Read the constitution. Jesus.
Ok ok! No need to bring a fictional deity into this! I didn't mean to make you that mad. I "pray" you calm down!
Now that I can agree on
There is no such thing as bipartisan anymore
Illegal is  illegal! Period! End of story!
I agree w/latter part. But you're dealing with sociopaths: DT & SMiller. Respond & act accordingly. No more pretending normalcy--please.
America has millions of homeless & poor! We NEED to first invest in her citizens! Rather than illegals! @POTUS @jeffsessions @WhiteHouse
Maybe if the GOV stop screwing us around and they stop been lazy maybe we wont have so many homeless. The majority are healthy to work 
No way! Bipartisan means you don't want to do your job. Put on the big boy pants abide by the law. These "dreamers" are not little children.
No. End the illegal law now!
Illegal Executive Order. A law, by definition, cannot be illegal. 
We know how it will go down..  the GOP will compromise with the Dems. A few Republicans will pretend to hold out so they are reelected, etc
It's time to support our President!!!!!!!!!
I don't have one. I can't support this racist lying cheating dirtbag that pretends to be president
How about you make a plan and stick to it rather than writing rubbish claiming Obama’s this, that and the other is illegal.
I'm pretty sure no court ruled on it. And you are not a judge or a lawyer. So maybe leave that to the experts.
Right to Travel is a Universal Human Right. Not a statute and code Negative Law Jurisdiction. Requires REMEDY.
Bipartisan, meaning nobody does anything?
So get it done! PASS the #DREAMACT !!!!! I am not a dreamer, but I want the #DREAMACT for them.
How should #obama pay for his many misuses of power? He's still spouting off like he knows what's best for us -the little dictator.
Corrupt liar and took millions from the people
Still wants to take money .
BUILD THAT WALL
Yes, well, how about Congress do s its job for a change.
Yeah fat chance ya'll can't decide who will buy lunch must less pass laws for this country
If the law had been followed from the get-go, we wouldn't be here! That being said,they seem so uninformed.
Blame Obama for this mess. Most of all, blame your parents. They committed the felony by entering illegally instead of getting a green card
&working toward becoming a legal citizen. Because they broke the  law you are not entitled to anything. We are a nation of laws.
Thank you
Good luck with that
Get it done
@RandPaul that will never happen. All politicians don't care about America they care about themselves
Right after you solve Health care, tax reform, & the budget to include Houston and the Wall !!!!!!!!!!
Then we default. 20 Trillion
Can we address American dreamers first, Senator. I have 3 dependent grkids w/dreams of college yet no way to pay. Let's help ppl like that.
It was just solved.
Where were YOU when The #obamanation committed this heinous CRIME? This MESS Is on @BarackObama Let the #Punk PAY for it out of HIS Stolen
Right Senator. you have a congress which is 90% against everything for the American people.They should've done this job under dictator obama
Stay silent as always, just like when @gop defund security at U.S. embassies and then point fingers when there's an attack at an embassy
You guys in office is not going to get anything done. You walk up and down Capitol Hill patting each other on the back for nothing.
@SpeakerRyan said several years ago this was unconstitutional Yesterday he was wavering Congress needs to address this
http://immigration.findlaw.com/ …/federal-vs-state-immigrati…  Dumb. It was not "illegal" in fact it's probably more lawful than state laws.
Is President Trump actions on DACA today Constitutional or not? I keep looking for his legal authority to make these concessions & find none
#NoDACA #NoAmnesty #NOMOREILLEGALS
No amnesty
Follow the laws we have on the books or vote to change them & no one for @POTUS wants open border or illegal immigrants that abused used it.
Spoken like a true politician... should be resolved by our law
Actually I think this is a bold statement. He and the rest of Congress have a lot of work to do.
They seem to always have lots of work to do... my bet is nothing gets done again
My brain will explode! But sadly you are probably right.
No amnesty should be given until firm immigration laws and wall begin. Then fine to give amnesty to those here.
Become the leader of this since no one else in Congress seems to care about anything but themselves.
Agreed. The Senate should work for a bipartisan solution.  Your lack of getting anything done is a disgrace.
Speaker Ryan (R-Wis.) stopped the conversation of McCarthy’s assertion about Russia paying Trump, and swore the Republicans to secrecy.
If they are over 21 why have they not taken steps to become legal.
Get to it!
