Getting a little tired of these grandstanding senators who bring nothing to the table except opposition
Yeah what jerks checking and balancing executive power. Who do they think they are? What founding document gives them the right...
Funny I thought the same document gives me the right to question their motives???
It does give you that right. just pointing out that your basis for argument and your assertions were wrong. It's your right to be wrong.
Biz as usual & your supposed checks & balances have us $20T in the red. Congress is great about blocking everything except spending our $$$
So why did you vote for your guy then?
Businessman over Politician - how much more could he screw it up?
Fair though business and government are two different animals.
Or maybe do some more charity eye surgeries.  Focus on adding value
Wow, wish he would have put this much effort into the obama/iran deal, we could have saved ourselves a ton of cash back then
#obstructionofjustice  Force the Congress to begin impeachment.
Was there a vote on Iran deal?
Do not agree. Both Muslim-hard to say which one is more evil
RAND, RYAN, MCCONNELL, CHAO, RUBIO, RAND, GRASSLEY, GRAHAM, MCCAIN,GUILANI,SESSIONS, FLYNN, DE VOS ADMINISTRATION WORK  PUTIN
Sen. Rand Paul should be the gualify US President of all time. His clean & not catering 4 himself. Well, 20/20 is coming...
Rand Paul is my favorite senator.  The guy is sl consistent
Agree. Let's not do deals w/those who fund terrorism & SEVERELY lack in #EqualRights for women. They can do better. https://youtu.be/_C4-_MD9LOQ 
Oops,  you mean Trump jumped the gun and signed the deal on live TV but it wasn't approved in Congress yet?
Stick with what you know which is The Health Plan! Rand Paul doesn't know about Countries Competing for Military Arms Sales 
He knows a great deal about foreign policy. It doesn't take a genius to know that arming your enemy isn't a great idea
This comment restored some of my faith in humanity today.. #thankyou

Thank you, @RandPaul, from a Syrian Christian. Please stop @realDonaldTrump from arming the very people that want us dead.
Ole Rand must've been sick the day they voted on the Iran fiasco
That $110 billion would buy a lot of wells and irrigation equipment and forage seeds and livestock....bombs have not brought about PEACE.
Senator stick with the Healthcare and do not undermine our president. You are acting with disrespect to the president and Americans
Your a joke/fake  news organization and everyone except your 5 viewers knows that!
Senator Rand Paul please explain your concern to the American people so we understand why a forced vote. What do you know that we don"t?!
Thanks for standing up in the fight for freedom Rand. Nobody should call himself a winner by selling weapons to be used by "evil losers".
The 110 Billion may ruin the balance of power for Israel.
Right on @RandPaul
How many millions of voters are Republicans willing to loose? Biggest obstacle is elected senate and house...getting old.....
Excellent idea! I remember when America spread democracy and peace. Now we're spreading war and arms.
It's good mostly overstated rand.  Political you know that.  It's 30 billion at the end of the day
Why didn't the Senate stop the 150 Billion Obama gave to IRAN ? Please get that money back!
Not the same thing. We unfroze THIER assets that had been frozen for decades. Also, they aren't arming the terrorists attacking us.
FAKE NEWS
I'm in disbelief that the sick & poor will suffer just so Trump can have his wall. Liar in chief is a disgrace to humanity!
Rand just STOP
Because he doesn't want to arm a country that promotes terrorism? Yeah...he's the problem.
Finally!!  Some real news!!!
Thank u senator...! It is imperative this deal be considered carefully.Israel cld be destroyed by the munitions.
#StopArmingTerrorist #stopKillingPeople #StopMakingRefugees  #StopRegimeChange We the PEOPLE DO NOT WANT WAR
I hope it is cancelled! We have no business arming Saudi Arabia! The top 3 worst counties are N korea, saudi arabia & Iran!

They didnt even mention that Saudi Arabia was behind the oil embargo in the 70's
Follow Adam Kahn @Khanoisseur. He is such an excellent reporter. He has linked Trump, family & cabinet members to people, events & policies
Thank God someone sees thru this 46-dimensional chess
Rand Paul is getting as bad as John McCain. These career politicians are part of the swap that need to go!
Go get em
I sincerely hope he has the backing of more than half the Senate on this!!!
Was he out 'forcing' anything about the Iran deal? Or did he just cave to Dems
Where the hell was the Iran Deal vote????? My God people!
Good
The President doesn't have the authority to appropriate weapons for sale to a foreign country
Good deal! Take the documentation apart word by word & approve funding only for parts that favor America, it's needy & it's workers.
@RandPaul  I hope republicans work in step lock with the @POTUS  or they will lose everything in '18 and '20 and then it will be really over
And now CNN loves Rand Paul?  A very bad arranged marriage here is seems.  CNN will step out on her new husband pretty quick...
Now Trump loves the Saudis? The same ones he said were behind 9/11? He's giving them US weapons now?
Nope. Fake news.
Rand is one of the few Politicians i trust.
YOU GREASY FUCK!
The whole GOP will vote for any thing Trump wants
Just as the democrats voted to sell arms to Saudi Arabia in 2016 under Obama
Rand Paul and Trey Gowdy are the only two people saving this country.
Is this guy the only real Democrat left?
What about the other 350 billion arms deal?
One of the few principled politicians in the US.
Keep at it Senator! Few in Washington as consistent on fighting military-industrial complex as you.
But they were all Muslim terrorists, continue supporting the child killers and you to will be exposed!!
Why do you not stand by our president. #maga
Because if you keep meddling in the middle east things like 9/11 and #Manchester happen
How about ISIS and Iran, since you are such a master statesman? Don't get them upset? Let them blow up Israel?
Let Israel handle it. And we should stop funding/arming ISIS. That might help. Our meddling w/ Iran in the 50s caused most of this today.
Get with the program and support our President.
The "program" is the Constitution and he is on it by keeping the executive in check.
Don't try to hide disloyalty behind the thin veil of patriotism. The people voted for the President and his party and others need to support
Disloyalty? You trumpets love to demand loyalty instead of earning it...
Please remember US financed schools in S.A. that only taught Sharia. We keep making our own enemies
Read the article
@RandPaul why Rand? Why can't we for once let others pay for their own defense? We need this money. Taxes/insurance losing home
Read the article
Be the CHANGE you want to see! Selling a dope t-shirt to promote the cause, LINK in bio!!
Fuck the Saudis
GO GO Paul Go!
you all keep using that photo over and over again lol
Thank you, Senator.
@RandPaul of course he is. He's trumps new girlfriend and would be happy to pretend to be representative of the people. What a clown
Why? If he did the RIGHT thing he cld have the dream conservative VP be President. I do not understand WHY the RIGHT wldnt be foaming@mouth
do we forget that Saudi Arabia was home to most of the 9/11 terrorists?  what has changed?
So we blame them all?
they are not our friends; they are catering to Trump's ego...not difficult to do
Rand, you know we aren't giving them the equipment don't you. They're buying the stuff. Get with the program, or take the blame!
Arm the saudis who will give it to terrorist or take the blame? Get real. Read the article. Be informed.

Yet, he said that he didn't support all 10 clauses of the 1965 Civil Rights Act in 2013:
It's not racism, but a libertarian perspective on those clauses. Libtard misinfo like that relegated Rand, made way for Trump. Happy now?
Good work senator .
@RandPaul Excellent! Wahhabis r not our ally we need to stop this nonsense go get em Dr Paul this is a bad deal helping dbags
Owns stock in Lockheed-Martin ill guess. Way to go Rand. Fleecing America just like the rest of the republikkkans.
2001 they bomb us now we're selling to them $110 B in arms huh !
@cnn Have you informed your viewing audience that you are being sued by 175 people for racial discrimination?

So is @FoxNews
HE'S  A RUSSIAN OPERATIVE. 
YES HE IS. 
HES BEEN A UNDERCOVER RUSSIAN AGENT ALL ALONG. 
EVERYONE CALL YOUR SENATORS. 
VOTE AGAINST THIS.
@RandPaul Thanks for forcing a vote on this arms deal with Saudi Arabia which could further destabilize the region! 
Cc @justinamash

#Part3   #DearMrPresident. You're accomplishments, leverage your family members to positions to cut future business deals. Ivanka & company. 
Commercial sale of defense equipment by private corporations is NOT a vote of Congress. It merely requires waiver by Pentagon, secrets etc.
I hope to vote it down
Well good for you!  Stand up and say no!
glad to hear it !
the 21st century's Lyndon LaRouche....what a dingbat-this one.
110 billion dollar deal to sell the Saudi's out of date weapons - get the money first (Saudi oil wells going dry) and move on.
Go get em Rand
