Great, Dr. Paul! With access to Universal Healthcare, patients won't have to rely on probono medical care.
Tell that to patients in Hong Kong who have to wait 2 years for their cataract surgery
Is that the best you can do? Hong Kong cataracts!?
Just giving you an example of a socialized health care system. There are plenty others. Feel free to do your own research
Your dad was my moms dr back when he was in Texas
Thanks Dr. Paul. Great man in heart & action both
With better access to healthcare and the right insurance coverage the people of KY wouldn't need you to do this.
Create a federal agency that employs doctors at nation wide federally run med centers/hosp. $20 copay and federal tax of 5% to cover costs.
You did a great thing for those people but tooting your own horn is very unappealing.
I agree.
Yesterday I ate some sour gummy bears
People who do good deeds should not have to tell others they did good deeds.
I don't like how it says "Former" eye surgeon
Awesome
Rand Paul: What is not to love?
I'd prefer a current eye doctor to operate on me, thank you very much
How nice of the senator to donate his time and skills... not everyone gets to pick and choose who they want to do surgery.
Being sarcastic does not further productive conversation.
Serious question. In what specific way has he taken advantage or exploited the poor? I thought he was rather kind!
HSAs do work and we still have Medicaid.   How he hasn't taken advantage of the poor??? He donates his time to the poor.
The fact that you have to advertise this diminishes the respect for you
Why not just be thankful he helped people? No need to be judgmental.
Again advertising it is the problem...very happy he helps people...but that just diminishes the act...
I doubt anyone of those who received his services finds the act diminished. I mention to people when I do volunteer work.
Diminishes the act by bragging about it...if you can't just give freely without advertising on a media of this nature....then it is not free
He shared an article about what he had done and added a comment to it. You're projecting the bragging.
If someone had shared the article it wouldn't have appeared that way...but HE SHARED...
See, your own words give you away. You're projecting the act of bragging onto him because it appears poorly that he shared it.
"Former eye doctor"?  Sounds like you're still an eye doctor.  Good work man!
I praise God for your giving heart!
Great 2 c  someone in politics thinking about someone else!
maybe you can operate on Democrat colleagues in Senate so they can see the world straight.
Nice! We love you rand but remember the Bible"take heed that u do not do your charity before men, otherwise you have no reward from God"
#StandWithRand
How could anybody have missed it? you non-stop tweet about it. Self aggrandizement is very unbecoming
R you an eye surgeon?
Least you can do since you're desperate to take Kentuckians health insurance from them.
Awesome... thank you
Faith in action! Well done, good and faithful servant!
Impressive Senator...
Awesome contribution, but I would much rather senators at work fixing the problems of the country instead of only 133 days in session
I wish you would fix my sons eyes. He is -7.50 in both eyes now!
I need pro bono dental... my mom never took me to the dentist...
love this Dr. Paul. You are a great public servant, both as a senator and a doctor.
Thank you for your generosity.  God Bless you ♡
GOOD MAN RAND JUST LIKE RON
that's an awesome thing to do. I imagine you saved ppl a lot of money, very fine! :)

Do it for Democrats who CAN'T SEE they're destroying the school systems, economy, health-care, and the Constitution. THEY are truly blind.
YOU DID A GREAT THING FOR THE CITIZENS OF YOUR STATE.
Thank you. There is so much good in the world. 60 minutes reported on 2 surgeons who restored sight in Nepal. We don't need gov to do good.
glad you have not lost your sense of humanity but it does sound a  bit Trumpish.
Trumpish? Trump would just make a ridiculous claim that he did something awesome, without the article to back it up.
Slap yourself on the back much?
PLEASE, PLEASE pass healthcare, please
Bless your heart!
Rand Paul 2024
I was told if u r really good at something u never have to brag, other ppl will sing ur praises
Gee, don't break your arm patting yourself on the back. #tootthathorn
WSLITV, He's not a "former" eye doctor. He's an eye doctor and a senator.
Awesome job Dr. Senator Rand Paul, God has given you a gift and your giving back.
I've always heard that you shouldn't mention the good that you do. Let the good speak for you.
Good Senator
SOCIALISM!!!!!!!!!!1!!!!!!!!!
We need better cheaper #healthcare  NOW
Thank you Sir ! God Bless !
No good deed goes unTweeted.
didn't know you could do that...wow impressive
Is Kentucky 3rd world country. If we had single pay or there would be no need. Most practicing eye surgeons go abroad for charity care.
So, are you pissed he stayed here for charity work? Or pissed that other surgeons go abroad to do it?
We should not need his charity in the USA. If he wants to do this he should do it quietly in a third world country.
I'd be proud too if I had that in my skillset. In my case I missed it, so good share and great work, hope karma returns ya some blessings.
If you got one left in you, I got a bronilaw that needs one!
Thank you for your service
.@RandPaul, a great example of service on several levels!
#IntentsAndPurposes bra not "Intensive Purposes"
if you do a good deed, you should not brag about it.
when can you do one on mumbles Mitch @SenateMajLdr and open his eyes! To doing something, anything.
God bless you, your knowledge. You heart, your hands, you will.
Thank you. You are a kind and generous person!
That's great.  Getting fitted for scleral lenses this week in hopes of avoiding another cornea transplant.  Nice of you to help others.
I thank you senator
That is a wonderful thing to do but why would you announce it to the world via twitter?
Maybe to encourage others to donate their time. We should not judge, just be thankful.
trying to ease your conscience?
Bless you for your kindness.
Even Libertarians virtue signal. Sigh.
God Bless you
Thank you. Leading by example.
Cool
And you should receive tax recovery on time spent. If every healthcare provider donated up to 10% of their time...poor cared for?
Saint Rand
You've been elected to the US Congress. That's the news we want to hear about. @POTUS needs support.
Way to be humble
My dad used to say, if you don't have something nice to say, don't say anything at all. Not our place to judge, rather, let's be thankful.
Thank you, cataracts are no joke. Couldn't drive or see steps for yrs til had mine done
Seeing as how I like you, Senator, some friendly advice; make sure to properly stretch before patting own back. Could incur shoulder injury!
. Now pass Obamacare repeal and replace this is what you're being paid to do.@RandPaul
The GOP establishment RINOS apparently need eye surgery too! Abolish all current tax code and 1 low flat rate!!
Wow, self promoting for a post on the back, not a sign of a good leader seeking praise for doing a good thing makes you wonder about motive
Great, you solved the healthcare issue. That gives you justification for not giving access to healthcare for the poor.
Gov official does something useful.  Never say never.

good on ya sir. Quick ? Will a day ever go by where POTUS doesnt make a fool of himself? Do something about this rand, wrote u in!
Is it true physician pro bono care is not tax deductible?
God Bless you Rand! 
Nice
Free eye surgeries for needy folks - GREAT!
Peddling weak conspiracy theories for Trump - SAD!
Alternate quote "In case you missed it...I did a good thing and I want you to give me credit for it right now damnit!"
Matt 6:4
That thine alms may be in secret: and thy Father which seeth in secret himself shall reward thee openly.”
Matt 6:3
But when thou doest alms, let not thy left hand know what thy right hand doeth:
deserve praise but your stance on healthcare and medicaid expansion is horrid
@SenSanders this is real charitynot government coercio
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over expecting a different result. How do you get insanity out of his comment?
What does any of that have to do with the topic being discussed?
Nothing like tootin' your own horn there buddy
It's very nice to see a politician giving back. After all they are public servants.
Isn't Assad also trained as an eye doctor?  He should have gone that route.
Whatever you play one game of golf with trump and suddenly you guys are best friends.....
Uh *stands close to the TV for 12 hours* I need eye surgery!
Seems like the "former" eye doctor part isnt quite right.
He is practicing on poor people to keep his hand in
They get to meet u and get a free surgery? LUCKY
Excellent - now if only most of Congress could see straight!
