we're not crying for Comey; we're crying for democracy. Appoint a legit special prosecutor and we will start smiling
No you won't, when that guy fails to find anything you're going to find fault there too, Democrats play the blame game!
hahaha I get it. Benghazi, emails, Ken Starr, birtherism
Just move on to healthcare & tax reform. The morons on the left will continue to cry. Soon they will become irrelevant. Get work done.
Any sane person who reads Obama appointed deputy AG's letter on Comey, and his recent statements on Huma would call for his removal.
Let's not forget the Democratic hypocrisy. Caught on video... Waters, warren, Schumer, and pelosi asking for Comey to be fired in Nov.
They act like they don't know that everything is recorded and take
@gigihyl
And everyone knew about it, only Democrats do you know that
If you can't fix healthcare yourself, stop being an obstructionist. Republicans please Unite.
The only cry for political gain
MSM lobby for Comey because he leaked a lot to his buddies like Wittes!
regardless of your attitude towards Comey, are you a fan of obstruction of justice?
Why do Dems say Comey has to go and when he goes they explode?
Wrong! He was not for any party. He went after truth. It's the timing and trump is up to something. Don't feel it's Russia but something
The country now realizes we all made a grave mistake voting Trump in and now it doesn't matter what he does. We all know it's for the worse.
Completely agree!
You are the worst
Yea fake tears like the fake news
I'm glad he's gone.
You are a gutless liar. I'd debate you anywhere anytime, because ur a hypocrite, and want to keep the poor poor and urself rich
Absolutely no concern that he was fired because he was investigating trump associates?  Wow, that must have been some golf outing.
In you tiny mind do you think the investigation was actually being performed by Comey himself? Um yea ok...
My tiny mind is capable of understanding that a Diector is the one who gives political cover to the investigation and Trump's neg motivation
I agree with your assessment.
Grow up and stand up to the President. As one of your constituents I implore you to call for a special prosecutor in this matter.
This is getting ridiculous. If he was so outraged by Comey, why wasn't he fired in January. Waiting till now only showcases
that this is a cover up to the investigation. Added to this that it has been reported that the decision to fire him was made weeks ago...
when a grand jury handed out subpoenas to Flynn's associates. Reeks of corruptions and cover-up.
The Deputy Press Secretary even added that this Russia thing should just be let go...This shows that the WH is trying to cover up something.
Actually you are the ones we lost faith in. Fire yourself if you really want to make the people happy. How can you look your wife in the eye
We need a full investigation into Hillary Clinton an the Russian
You used to be interesting. Now you're just annoying.
Get behind the truth, Rand.  Or, you're going down with the ship. Think:  Titanic.
you are on a sinking boat - get on #TrumpTrain #DrainTheSwamp
Their cover is being ripped off.
That's being charitable. The dems were calling for his ouster THE DAY BEFORE. Seriously, do they not know we can see their prior statements?
Can you not understand it's the timing of the firing that is suspect?  ongoing investigation.  What they know or do not know changes daily.
And t in fact comey is the only one capable of conducting the investigation and now trump is attempting a cover up. Heads I win tails u lose
You do not have a problem with Trump firing the person who is investigating Russian ties influence and possible collusion of Trump and crew?
Your'e an idiot-COMEY protected HRC & NOW hopefully we will get justice for her crimes He is a DC& corrupt. GET over the Russia propaganda
Stop name calling. Civil discussion is what solves issues.
my apologies, I forgot I am talking to a snowflake- I will rephrase that statement- "You're ignorant to the truth" Is that better?
Emoluments violation daily, obstruction of justice admitted on live tv, RU compromised 2 @RandPaul ?  @GOP R part of treason cover up
u still and will have my vote for POTUS @RandPaul 2020!
Amen Senator Paul. Spot on, as usual.
Start looking at these people like underwear, they need to be changed often. No skid marks please. Get it. Clintons threatened his family.
@Squeakey6 
I'm afraid the leaker is still in the FBI and still needs to be caught and prosecuted!
Senator you are intelligent enough to know that the issue is context not the act of firing. Step up, find your integrity, end the nightmare!
it isn't about Comey, and it isn't a partisan issue. It's about democracy. Please start protecting it.
Thanks for keeping it honest Senator! 
I really respect your independent thinking and all the good you have done for our country, especially w/TRUTH-TELLING. THANK YOU!

All the Spec Proc bullshit a smokescreen 4 lack of D's leadership. Think they would kill NOT 2 have a SP 4 Servergate, unmask, IRS, Iran ...
When all the swamp creatures agree he was a good guy, in a bad situation, he was dirty as hell, and they know it.
Senator Paul- Who cares if you are or not a "Comey-fan". There are no croc tears - only rage.  You should know better.  Crooked Trump
You liked him oct 27. Hypocrite.
Agreed.  Now let's get a tough, professional, law-abiding and non-political FBI Director!
...yes, crocodile tears over alligators and snakes being drained from the swamp! No one ever said it was going to be pretty!
Oh wait, I guess Trump already admitted he was trying to obstruct justice. You look like a fool, bro.
You have sold out! Very sad for your children!
Thinking Comey was doing a bad job and being critical of the way he was fired are not mutually exclusive points of view.
Rand is the closest thing there is to an honest politician
Maybe you'll be next . Maybe the American people will fire you .
Who politicized what?
yeah... benghazi was legit though....lol.  you sir are a traitor.
My problem specific problem with him is that he decided there is no equal justice for all.  I always liked him.
I think Comey was threatened. I think Nunes felt threatened which is why they handled things as he did. They don't want to be suicided .
Face it Comey became uncomely
Get it together, senator! Use your brain.
I don't care about Comey but I worry that Trump fires everyone that investigates him
@_SaveFerris
Trump's new hastag  #drainthedemocracy
Seems like u really want the public to ignore the obvious: Russia investigation. What's that about? Even Trump admits it motivated firing
Nonsense... you succumbed to a corrupt president.. this was intelligence test.. uou failed
Step up!
Most weren't. But he has integrity and was trying not to politicize the investigation. 45 wanted it shut down. Bottom line. Impeach.
We're SICK of DC's crocodile tears.  #MAGA  #BuildtheWall  #AmericaFirst
We need to know the truth about unmasking and surveillance.  Very disturbing possibilities.  The people deserve to know!
Great words of wisdom!!!
The only huge fan of Comey is Comey.
Agree.  Think the entire Obama administration will be outed very soon.  What they did was criminal.
Croc tears always from Dems
All the lies and ties to Russia;ethics concerns with trump family and you don't call for special prosecutor? Shame-put country before party!
With u Rand!
exactly
Any tears other than #crocodile, in #DC?
You know what natives do to crocodiles right?
I really fail to give a damn! I'm still wondering why you are still collecting a paycheck
If Chump released his taxes, wouldn't all this be over ?
You are a joke
Have you become a shill for Trump?
 They will get over it jist like the Americans that have watched the Liars & Corrupt Democrats last 8 yearsLets not forget Hillary 
And America is tired of it. Democrats will lose again in 2018 and even more so.
Is anyone actually sad about his firing? @realDonaldTrump 's handling of it concerns me. Is it legal? Is it ethical? Should YOU care? Yes.
Didn't the American people already let you know they don't care what you think with your rating over there :D
I'm so glad you speak out.  I wish you were my Senator.  I'm in Virginia and I don't know how we got stuck with 2 yahoos.
Sellout.
Lots of hypocrites too
@Mammagistweetin Makes 2 of us.  Too close to Clinton.
All of them are in bed with each other, regardless of party
No argument here.
and the fact he undermined the confidence and integrity of our justice system is exactly what the Russians want.
Please ask the Democrats to decide if they want Comey fired, or not so we know how to make them happy
My sentiments exactly...
I'm not particularly fond of you but I have to agree with you when you're right and you have been a lot I probably agree with more thanhalf
: Well you picked a HELL of a TIME to decide...COLLUSION SUSPECTED!
Agree.
So Randy boy, why didn't u said something before? Ur timing smells as bad as his firing
Thank you for saying that Rand
Don't care if it was Comey or God that was fired. Obstruction of justice by Trump because of the ongoing investigation.
Democratic Party trying to fool All the people All the time Mr. Paul.
I expected to see him on late night comedy shows, to much time on TV
Exactly. Typical lib hypocrisy.
You are one of individual I have confidence in, so far.
You are our hope for COMPLETE repeal & replace.  Stay visible, follow John McCain, he knows where ALL the TV cameras  are.
How do you become a multi millionaire as FBI director? Lots of millionaire's in Govt how? Comey a Clinton/Obama holdover #SethRich @POTUS
Honestly, those in DC you complain about are those you sent there. As a sr, I yearn for the days of cooperation of respect  for both POVs.
Now how about trying to get the rest of the Congress and Senate to start doing some work already?
Comey handed many Immunity for nothing in return, allowed destruction of evidence? Why is he not being investigated immediately?
I have always felt that Comey was the one holding up Oversight Committee getting the emails and req documents needed
Pls take Trumps genitalia out of ur mouth when u speak to the public please and thank u
You're right, Trump wants a less politicized investigation into the Russia issue.
Rand lost his balls when he became a Republican.
They need better acting lessons
You are anti American. The Republican party is becoming the Putin Party. Well Done
being led away in hand cuffs;no doubt being trailed by 'bulance chasers cronies of Soros and the ACLU.I ache to see these traitors in jail.
nothing would or could possibly make me happier than watching BO, Hillary Pantsuit, Rice, Lynch, Clapper, Comey, Holder...
"After my elation at waking up on November 9th, and my realization that the America I was born in was NOT dead quite yet, ....
Can't u all do anything about politicians like McCain & Watters who r undermining country & President? Out of control & Antifa is proof!
Thank you@Dea Whyte-Mansbuerten, well said, mind I copied it. ....
meanwhile Trump has fired three people who investigated his corruption. You want to defend that ?
@RandPaul we have sent house and pres. Bow get off your butts and call impeachment vote on rogue judges like 9th distric court Dem crying hs
Yeah we know that you don't think the Russians should be investigated, you've made that clear for months. #RussianRed
If he irritates both sides, he's probably doing a good job.
Come on!! Seriously? That's all you've got to say about this - it's politics as usual? Give me a break!
Director Comey erred in his handling of Clinton investigation, but that's NOT why Trump fired him & for you to pretend otherwise is a sham.
But you have confidence in an administration that lies 24-7- even when it doesn't have to- and about you. Do you have any self-respect?
Liars and criers democrats with their bull crap . Stop bashing Trump everyone of the cry babies are the same Hypocrites who wanted him gone
And hypocrite 45 said what a great job he was doing. Until he started investigating 45.
You do realize Comey was not the only investigator the FBI  has a whole department any investigations going on will continue.
You know as every Republican knows - Trump is unstable, colluded with the Russians to win the presidency and is lying. You are all traitors
Lets all kick the dead guy!  Generalizations generalizations generalizations You make your living by empty words, jabbing at others.
Look who finally picked a side. Senator,  agree w Comey's methods or not, this 1 stinks to high heavens!
Everyone of those cry babies were calling for his head when he outed  HRC for emails ! Now we see true hypocrisy from Democrats?
What is it you don't understand? This is not normal. Politicians don't behave like y'all do right now in civilized nations. #coward #TRAITOR
Sir, it's the timing. And to hear a Senator talk about politicizing something is a joke. That's all any of you do, on both sides. #doyourjob
Grow a spine you coward. What did Trump offer you at the golf curse to be his cuck? #Trumprussia #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Funny how nobody wanted him gone when he was talking about emails..Only when he's talking about Russia.
#impeachTrumpnow
Your great-grandchildren will be disgraced when reading about u in history books supporting such corruption. Shame on u.
It's about the timing & motive of dismissal. Also, (now whispering) believe it or not, you are in fact a part of the establishment now...
@RandPaul on the is the most honest man in DC.
Comey's not the issue. @realDonaldTrump firing him to try to halt #TrumpRussia investigation - that's the issue. #independentinvestigator
The field investigators of consummate professionals, and they're the ones they're doing the investigation into possible ties with Russia.
Libtards R actually stupid enuff to think firing Comey would stop .... Anything! Jeez try again losers
Oops, typo...you said "libtards"...you meant "Trumptards". It's ok.
Please... you KNOW the reason.  Take your nose out of his orange ass and stand up for your country and office.
Say goodbye to another Swamp Thing. There are hundreds more to follow.
True that.
everyone knows it was retaliation. you fucks are selling out our nation for a chance at power.I took an oath to protect the US from traitors
We did that rejecting HRC...
You are either a trump traitor or a patriot. Your choice
No. The @GOP politicized investigations. Your bothered because this one isn't in your favor. Shame on you for putting party over country.
So right. Crocodile tears in dc.

Blindly standing by your leader huh?
@EWErickson @realDonaldTrump Where's check and balances goverment set up by founding fathers ?WHERE ? Pres. gets away with all!
It IS Russia. At least 2 grand juries confirmed. 25 indictments coming as early as today. Will u step down when you're embarrassed by truth?
KY voters want to know why you seem to be against the truth. Let's get to the bottom of this. Independent Investigation. Quit obstructing.
Hack
Appoint a #SpecialProsecutorNow
Not for Comey, for democracy. Something you have a pretty warped vision of Senator
The worst crocodile tears  re: Comey firing are yet to come. And they won't be liberal ones.
Yes, but now your POTUS showed his petty, despotic & tyrannical side by firing Comey. Obama might not have liked JC, didnt have him fired.
Your another Liar and a Big Hypocrite. Keep Standing behind this Cover up your gonna be OUT Soon Too!
None of that matters in light of the WHY and the WHEN behind his firing. And you should know that. #ComeyFiring
Is this all about Comey or the POTUS?
Doesn't matter Too many lies from White House impeachment will vome
Arguably one side won the election because of him.  A smart man... a supposed smart man doesn't throw coy insult when in troubled times
Apparently you are NOT a country over party fan either!
Hey I am from Germany  and here stinks the shit  from Trump are you all crazy or have you no BALLs
Do you wish to ignore democracy for personal agenda? Special Prosecutor will get to the bottom of this. The GOP's teetering.
#pretext
I wish BOTH sides would stop all the BS and just be truthful to the American people!No matter who's jobs it hurts!America deserves better!!
I want my country back 2, GOP will go down with corrupt Trump, Sir when do you choose COUNTRY & DEMOCRACY over party. Sink or swim
You are #complicit in #treason with statements like this. Are you #Kompromat ? Time to start digging into you
Your lack of support for Comey's independence is support for Trump's lovefest with Russia. Now is the time to choose country over party.
Comey made mistakes, but I truly believe it was done in good faith and much hand-ringing. He was a career FBI whose life changed by AG Lynch
We support #FireComey All of America in last 6 months wanted to fire, Ovomit no balls, so President Trump does. Dems losing Voters babies
The tears are for our COUNTRY.... the FACT that NONE of the GOP are upholding their oath's is also reason for tears
Perhaps he should have resigned. But T should not have fired him. Not a subtle distinction.
Difficult to argue against the  President's conclusion Comey was his own man. Seems like a job requirement for FBI Director. @ChrisCuomo
As usual - you and other politicians (both sides) are completely out of touch.  Agree with these tweets- tears for our loss of confidence
Comey was very good man and right man for the job, he was just catch-up in politics between Republican and Democrats
You choose not to see the bigger picture here.  Trump is running scared, this should concern you.
What do the Russians got on u @RandPaul ? You been acting like a paranoid freak ever since Republicans got hacked! #Thoughdosprotesttoomuch
Donald Trump and the end of the Republican party.
All those "SNOWFLAKES" just have to get over it and get back to reality.
