This bill strips healthcare from 32 million people & eliminates ALL Medicaid by 2026. It will kill more Americans than an ISIS wet dream!
Oh come on man!
You need to repeal Obamacare.....can Reps get a spine, please do the right thing for American's....
Just like Jesus wanted...
Agreed, but it's better than Obama care,  small step in right direction,  more work to be done...
Please vote for repeal, otherwise we go down the road to socialism.
I understand your dilemma. But maybe the story you tell is one where you removed the mandates and some of the taxes.
Which is not perfect, but better than before. Keep whittling. A little at a time will do just fine. It is actually better this way.
It is better because we will know each piece that is being debated and voted on rather than some monster of a bill that no one's read.
1)How abt all the workers become general private contractors & set their own price 4 the labor? We need ownership in our work. Taxes r 2b
2)used in providing 4 the public welfare that benefits the ppl of the USA.w/o infrastructure; business cld not exist. W/o tax collection by
3)the state & local govts, there wldb no roads/schools/libraries/etc. It's time 4 fair taxation. Biz benefits the most from govt! They shld
4)pay the most in taxes on their profits! The median income has been stagnate decades, but profits of big business have soared. Theworkforce
5)provides the tax revenue that funds USA govt! This includes the ridiculous salaries & benefits of the Senate/House in addition 2 the WH
6)the majority of our nation doesn't shuck their tax responsibility. It's the few w/majority of the wealth that do! We're not going 2 sit by
51% of population pay to support the other 49. That's not freedom. That's wealth redistribution. Most of us who pay taxes aren't wealthy.
Who pays tax? We'retaxed unfairlyMedian income is at $53k 4 USA. But they want tax cuts 4 millionaires/billionaires. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_U.S._states_by_income …
Like u big gov lies big mouth little action
Please don't vote tho repeal the ACA.
Well it is better then the current BIG, BIG, BIG government.  Pass this while you can & then work w/Dems to improve it.
Sen Rand Paul, this is much better than anything the dems would come up with. Please support it!
You are one of the few true conservatives left in the party it's not a full repeal but we need this Paul!!
Senator Paul-you're no different than #JohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski in BETRAYING the #GOP voters. Support #GrahamCassidy #MAGA
Yeah, anything to defeat POTUS. Still mad cause you lost & he won! RINO'S!
Talk to the 3 assclown senators who voted not to repeal at least part of Obamacare.
Why did I ever support you RAND PAUL? No compromise? Life isn't perfect & neither is 32K/yr in O-Care premiums & deductible! #GrahamCassidy
We CANNOT continue to pay 20K/yr O-Care premiums & 12K/yr deductible & ALL major carriers left our area 2018. Will remember next election!!!
Agree however It's a major improvement until a full repeal when rinos are replaced 2018 more conservatives on board 
China doesnt have 2 even declare war-they own water rights,manufacturing patents & our debt. NWO probably pledged us AGAIN to the UN!
Who's side are u on?
@POTUS Knew Trump was a pro-abortion Democrat from NY.  @nytimes @seattletimes @indystar @KCStar @LATimes @chicagotribune @dallasnews
So we will let Obama CARE continue to drain the economy? At least start the fix.  No tax reform yet, no Raise act or wall funding?
Thin Ice!
How rare will it be to pass an important Senate bill with all the ideologs in that body?
It is common knowledge that Washington DC has a problem with #childtrafficking run by the ruling elite politicians and #pedophiles. 
Omg get over it.  It's a step in the right direction, kills individual mandate and defends planned parenthood
The Obamacare taxes, though, are still yet to come on "Cadillac Plans." Must take steps to insure competition.
So tell me Senator Paul, what happens to the trillions?
Muh Taxes...OUR RACE AND NATION! The GOP are useless to WHITE People ... WHITE AMERICA DESERVES BETTER  THAN THIS!
#StandWithRand not #GrahamCassidy
Liar 
Agree then get rid of Mitch he is your problem.

Where is all the money going???  Does anyone know????!!!!
When gov raises prices on healthcare then mandates you have to buy it. That's big gov. Repeal or your big gov problem
True, but hard liners like you will ensure @gop can't govern so @TheDemocrats will return to power
Healthcare isn't the place for blind idealism.
tax the RICH & make chumpinsky pay for his own plus his families security & trips to play golf!!!
What is your recourse idea sir?
Please shut up
You're doing a great job for the American people and the people of Kentucky. They are the ones leading down America by electing you.
Meaning you are going to support giving Americans bad health insurance.  You are big government friend. You don't care about the people.
Keep collecting your money and living your "dream" while your constituents suffer.
It REPEALS the individual and employer mandate!!! That's HUGE!!! Please do this!!
Keep up the good fight Mr. Paul.
off
Randy Randy...I've changed my mind..in for smaller government...please leave soon...#demsforasmallerGOP
Either repeal the mandates and include the Cruz amendment, or don't bother with the smoke and mirrors.
Nazi just like dad
You don't really stand for anything that benefits Americans. You should resign.
just as long as we don't bail out Obamacare. I heard they are bailing it out as we speak.
This Gov. going cast system it's simple halves and halves nots the Rich against everyone they want it all
Hey so is this actual principled opposition or "nobody's paying attention to me yet" opposition
@RandPaul ,I hope you vote for State Plan .The choice is it or the Single Welfare Health Plan that comes if you dont . Either or ?
Cut out the middle man
Wish you won.
True, but block grants potentially reduce federal deficits and states would regain a modicum of control regarding tax $ use. A good start.
Can you people stop complaining! Get behind our president and get something done
Please put your vote where your tweet is. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy!
Only block grant Medicaid. Give the rest of us free market insurance.
Thanks Rand for always speaking truth
Great call Rand. It's happening globally. Government getting bigger, liberty getting smaller. It's like it's planned that way 
What liberties have been taken from you? Curious to understand your world views
For one your health Insurance is about to get jacked because, they. don'http://t.care .  He honestly doesn't care about you
Don't wanna hear anything about increases. U all gave Obama 10 trillion N we have nothing; absolutely nothing w show 4 it.Ur way doesnt work
I suppose you consider yourself a part of the solution Rand, a whole bunch of us think you're a big part of the problem! Think that over.
You're a fraud. That's the best can get through and like you said it eliminates 10% of Obamacare. I'll take over a NOTHING you're offering.
@RandPaul You've held out long enough.  Surely the libertarians will cut you some slack.  You got the best we are going to get.  Vote yes
Make no mistake, Senator Paul, you represent "big government." You always have and you always will. You're part of the problem.
Single payer is much cheaper than any free market system. There is no middleman that requires a profit.
Take half a loaf Paul. We won't get back to the world you want it overnight.
Watch he will still vote Yes if comes to the floor
King of gridlock!
And yet your ideas are even more hated
The House and Senate Armed Services Committees are planning to propose a  defense budget of $640 billion for 2018. Nth Korea selling point.
HELP Americans, MAKE a http://gofundme.com  account, 100+million CITIZENS fund BORDER WALL, it's LEGAL
Block grants if states don't comply with Federal laws.
True. But then it's 50 states with different ideas should lead to some excellent best practices for all to copy.
Right, so let's just fix the #ACA Obamacare instead.  It won't turn into another massive insurance co. bailout w/ my $. Oh wait... it will.
http://amp.nationalreview.com/article/449622/rand-pauls-health-care-stance …
Stop stating the obvious. Start legislating. Senator I know a lot of good people in Kentucky that voted for you to change health care.


Right and I dont want our NY taxes going to Trumps base
Seriously?
Yes Senator your correct but if the GOP doesn't back this off we will have full blown socialized medicine soon!
That is a good thing.  Medicare and social security are socialism. They work and cut our insurance companies.  Ignorance is bliss though
100 % correct. It's big government control and redistribution.
How about the federal government does not take the money in first place, then states do not have to ask for it back?
Who pays for military and national highways?
You buy your own gun and fix your own road.
So less a country and more a backwards feudal state? That's where you want to go? That's not a country. That's not America.
If we were to "triage" the patient- funding Government through deficit financing will render any other restorative treatment valueless.
What's more, why did we need to send the money hundreds of miles away to have it shipped back? #StateTaxes #stategovernment
And yet you will vote yes. Your words mean nothing .
You guys are really starting to piss us off! do something dammit!
You're an absolutist. The perfect is not the enemy of the good. Your approach guarantees single payer. Stop being spiteful & support Cassidy
Medicare for all
It's not a perfect repeal, but it moves the ball down the field. Don't let perfect be the enemy of better. Do this and continue to improve!
Congress and the Courts are all usurping the limits of the Constitution. Keep ur oath of office to protect and defend no usurp. @SenTedCruz
Agreed, but how can you move this to  something that will pass? Getting rid of ACA. What's the plan?
Yeah well we can talk about that later.. other issues are tearing the country apart... gee which one is more important
Keep grouping in the darkness for the perfect bill, that will lead to success, not!
But is it less government or more government?  You offer no passable solutions, just rhetoric.
And Christie offers anything more?
Keep up the fight. No big govt needed
Repeal and Replace with
SINGLE PAYER MEDICARE FOR ALL Senator!
Level the playing field. Everyone pays the same and everyone gets the same
Yep, not good.  But it is better than now and you need to get on board.
I agree. Taking from the rich to give to the poor is not right since I'm rich. Let them eat cake!
It is called cooperative federalism and we have FDR to thank for that.
Federalism in taxes would be for states to collect tax and then send a portion to national government.
See: http://NeutralTax.com ...
#COS #ConventionOfStates #TermLimits
Rand not enough agree with you "Completely" At least take what you can get now HELP Trump not always be the one who stops him ! Principal ??
Democrats love you they know your all talk and no do because you always stand on "principle" won't compromise "FROZEN" can't help anyone !!!
Liken it to a hunger strike.
And then threatening to cut off the grants if the states don't do what Feds want is contra-constitutional extortion.
Agree.
And they speak for the majority of the elected republicans.

#WhyWeLose
#FreedomCaucusOrBust
YEP! Repeal the 16th Amendment & that will stop!
Fusionism is dead. The future is now, old man.
But when we, Citizens, decide where we wish to spend our money for our own benefit(ACA),we do not need some arrogant politicians to deny us!
MUST WATCH VIDEO THREAD: 
Russian Non-Linear War:  Propaganda, FB, Twitter, Russia, the GOP & Trump.
Understand #TrumpRussia in under ~ 3 min. Must watch and please share 
Senator Paul, to assist you in moving our country forward, who should we/the voters NOT vote for.  We want to help you and @POTUS. Thank you
Great....
We're staring down the barrel of single payer asshole. Whicg wouldn't be happening if first bill had passed
I don't have an answer anymore. You have groups up there that are hell bent on destroying this great republic. The more we scream = deaf 's
Gotta pay for all thise entitlements Rand
So the US is actively supporting al Qaeda and @Apple still hasn't paid its taxes.
Stonewall Jackson is rolling in his grave
Why does Big Govt always try to spoon feed us when they R the ones that need to get off the teet
Correct. Those taxes should never have been collected (stolen). Fed government has no role in HC coverage. States can if they desire
It's all borrowed/printed $. This is why things get pushed to the Federal level and the states are ok with it. States can't do this, Fed can
And exactly why we should put a stop to it. It's a lazy and inefficient ploy to attract ignorant voters who just want someone else to pay
I agree, but unfortunately the victims are our future selves and they're not here to protest.
I see that you saw my response on one of your last posts...neither #GrahamCassidy or #MedicareForAll are the solution to our nation's HC
Easy fix for healthcare,Senate&Congress use and pay for whatever they create for the rest of us, hey McCain bet your great care would change
Michael, if healthcare was easy, it would be done by now...it's more complex than most people think
Never said it was easy but with the people making the system,might be easier if they had some skin in the game by having to use & pay for it
Right now, there are 2 unfeasible & unsustainable options #MedicareForAll & #GrahamCassidy...which one would you choose?
Neither cause all opinions screw the common folks,  why I said they need to be on and pay the premiums we pay for the system they create
It still wouldn't address the main reason the healthcare system isn't working
If the people creating the system how to use and pay for it I bet they'd address those main issues or did be getting screwed too
To Rand Paul:: Quit Whinning
So what's your solution?
I heard today the govoner is stopping funding for arts programs in schools. He said he is investing in engineering programs instead
Governor
I agree but at least it's a solution. Let's try and build coalitions here.
A bad solution, that makes the problem worse, is no solution at tall.
Propose something else, then. You have to build support or nothing will ever pass at all, which is unacceptable to me.
I propose you stop trying to tear down the ACA just because "Obama".
Improve it, or leave it alone.
They're never going to get it right Rand.  We're STILL dealing with the SAME issues decades later.  The system is all Carrot and Stick.
I was wrong about you, Senator. You have had it right all along.
What
Congratulations!! Great POINT!!
Now go comb your hair... If you stop looking like you just got outa bed, people may just take you seriously.
LMBO! Bob I've always wondered if he gets a perm every few months. His hair does draw attention!
SPOT ON SENATOR 
As far as I know the skinny repeal also kept in place all but one of the Obamacare taxes
Thank you for always looking out for the people even if it's going against your own party.
Individuals should handle their own. They can form groups for lower prices or self insure but Not Feds not state.
Where is your bill???
Keep throwing fire! And tell them to shove it .. I don't care if the argument comes from the right , blow this shit up
tell them boys to sizzzzzzle down!!!!!!!!!!!!11
Would help if Trump wasn't a liar
