Block Granting and renaming a trillion dollars in spending is not #ObamacareRepeal
What do you have against people living?
Nothing. He has a bill that would help all Americans.  https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
The POINT of insurance, is that most people don't get sick, but the ones who do need money, not reimbursed what they pay in taxes.
It defunds planned parenthood.
planned parenthood is now lobbying for post-birth abortions. I don't care if the bill is shit pls vote for it
@RandPaul would apparently rather he be the reason R’s lose ‘18 and PP have the funds to keep killing babies. And he’s supposedly a Doctor?
Well, I see his point about the flaws of the bill, but honestly I don't care anymore. I want PP defunded more than cheaper HC TB honest.
I want PP defunded too.  This bill isn't perfect but it doesn't have to be.  Get it through reconciliation, go to committee and fix it.
exactly. All rand has to do is add the insurance coop stuff to it and a few other things and it will be fine.
It would be a step toward federalism. Alternative is remove fed funding and states increase taxes (overall tax increase) or let people die.
Or you are afraid of what states will choose and are therefore resisting federalism.
Look at all these trump stumps defending the abortion that is #GrahamCassidy , ridiculous how easy it is for trump to lead them by the nose
How? Same taxes, same govt spending...at best your getting the dpt of edu system for healthcare
IF dad makes $90k & Mom makes $90k WHY DOES gov Funded Paycheck pays 1/2  of #SS medicare Tax WHEN a #Gov #Employee that makes $180K, its #THEFT ITS $200+ #BILLION NOT COLLECTED, 10 YEARS $2 #Trillion, WE cud LOWER rate TO 4%, #TaxReform 101
I'd support that.
I am anxious to see your HC package so we can compare them, @SenateGOP
https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
Never seen or heard of this plan, wonder why the Senator is not promoting
He has, but the RINOs refuse to bring it to the floor. Ask yourself, what are they afraid of?
Does not stop him from talking about on all the news show or conversations on Twitter, no idea ref RINO @SenateGOP
It was from the spring, did not pass the Senate.
No HCR will pass the senate unless bipartisan support & the 3 killer Rep support, the demo single payer plan won't pass either, @SenateGOP
#GrahamCassidy is not a perfect bill, however, by not voting for it YOU are condemning millions of Americans to Obamacare. Still funded.
Senator please get on board. Vote yes #GrahamCassidyBill Socialists rule is not an option you then get behind.
He’s my Senator, I want him to vote No. maybe the RINOs can bring his bill to the floor. https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
That would be great. Been there over seven years. News flash, it's not happening. Last chance before socialism. Best option, like it or not.
Premiums will only skyrocket and the death spiral will continue.
Again, the alternative much worse. Stop paying for non working people/illegals. Help those that truly need help only. The death card is old.
The alternative would be to vote in Rand’s bill.
Ok, hence the problem. Your not getting it, it's not happening, happened, nodda. Rino's ruling like it or not. #GrahamCassidy
Then let RINOs vote 4 it. Why should he vote 4 it & get label of RINOs? He is man of principles. If KYians want a RINO, let them vote in one
Its not perfect but better than Ocare. We know McCain is dead weight, but you are a good senator. Please vote yes
THIS IS A STEP IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION! The GOP sat back&let Ovomit trash our health care, high jacked it from the public sector, NOW Fix IT!
With this bill, we get rid of the worse part, the mandates.  This could end the part time job trap millions of Americans face.
How do avoid a death spiral without mandates?
ACA stole my Moms full time job.  Time to undo that reg.  Now!
How did the ACA take her job? Unfortunately, changing the rules won't get her job back.
Actually, I fairly certain that school districts would like to give their aids full time hours if they didn't have to offer them healthcare
Amen.
Congress needs to stop thinking in the present, and start thinking forward. Technology is advancing exponentially, people are not. Get it?
so many traitors in republican party @lisamurkowski  @SenatorCollins @SenJohnMcCain always done piece meal.#FullRepeal #Democrats hang to
otherwise caring and rational politicians insist on total and complete adherence to their doctrine preventing incremental improvements.
I can't stand Bernie. At least he's got an idea, not just voting no all of the time! Your morals don't pay my premiums!
Rand, you are not helping!
We need this bill to pass. Please vote for it. We will never get full repeal, this is the last chance to get rid of obamacare
Do not vote for this bill.  It does nothing but permanently put Ocare in place for ever. It also makes R accountable for it.  REPEAL IT ALL!
Don't do nothing.. this legislation is better.. dems true goal is single payer..we need to start chiseling back Obamacare!!
cmon rand one step at a time Jan 2019 with 5 more senators we can do what YOU want
Quit these libertarian platitudes. In fact, Europe's various federal systems work much better than our free market system. Evidence clear.
Everything Bernie represents crushes America.
You just really tick me off. Keep Obama Care and continue to let the middle class suffer while supporting everyone on Medicaid!
Rescind fed law re: marijuana, allow states to tax, & let them fund Medicare for all. Legalized states are in black.
Vote yes on #GrahamCassidy! America needs better healthcare options. Obamacare leaves no options get rid of it now and do your job.
great. get different repeal bill passed then by 9-30 or resign. you are a five year senator, not a heckler from the side line.
I like you but I wish you would bend a little
Is Obamacare lite better than full blown Obamacare?
They are leading this down the wrong path total repeal of OC .. we do not want socialized medicine.. what ever happen to tort reform ??
Sorry Rand; single payer is the answer.
Nothing worse than a politician that is all talk. Making a stand without a plan, you disgust me Senator. Way pass principle time cause of u
Vote no. This is stupid. How about focusing on our national debt!
Are they using census to determine block grants? If so, NY & CA will get most $ & it will lead to socialized medicine.
a dad makes $90k a Mom makes $90k YET a gov Funded Paycheck pays 1/2  of #SS medicare Tax than a #Gov #Employee that makes $180K, its #THEFT
Vote FOR Graham/Cassidy Bill or do not vote in order to defund planned parenthood. U stand b 4 a Holy God!Let judgmnt b 2 sts
I am with you but what would they do if just once you did not resist but rather voted for  dancing on the southside
Why did voters hate Obamacare? Was it about national debt or individual mandates and higher premiums?
No.
Vote yes
protect Medicaid for disab &children +cover for preexist cond. (higher prem?) contain costs of procedure supplies & diag. #Remove politics
Start being a team player Rand. You're a spoiled brat who always needs to get his own way. Learn how to compromise and govern.
Senator please vote for it and work to improve it! If you vote no we all lose!
We the people do not want federal gov in heath insurance at all  total repeal is what I voted for
Don't be a road block become a solution
This at least stops the mandate! OCare wants 1/3 of my income! After that and taxes? Help pls! Repeal mandate, fix more later!
Please read and Maybe share it. Thank you so very much for putting country before party. https://www.facebook.com/NancyPelosi/posts/10155998449794384 …
You are blocking progress. All or nothing will beget nothing.
So why yes for skinny and no now?  Are you providing political cover for one of the other 3 that may vote yes knowing it will fail?
Is this what your looking for? Socialized Medicine?  You have HC we don't
Please back this effort, else the country will be pushed to single payer and socialism.
#StandWithRand
It no longer matters what we repeal, replace, nothing. Our taxes will never, ever go down. Our govt. is too bloated and mismanaged.
Honestly, if the government is gonna piss our money away, the least they could do with it is give us healthcare. Our taxes won't go down.
Medicare is RATIONED care and terrible! Can't seehow anyone would support it without ever having been on it.
if you vote no it is a vote to continue OC!
Can you just get along and join the team? You can always tweak it later. Just get started!
amazing that your focused on your ideology rather than your constituents about to lose healthcare. What a guy!
As a Kentucky veteran/constituent, I ask you to vote NO #GrahamCassidy! Vets have your 6, pls have ours–Work w/ @SenSanders>#MedicareForAll
Sadly, marginalizing yourself by going against the grain on every issue. Stick to one principled idea at a time to be effective
Don't trust anything Graham does, and Bernie's a Commie.
Elections are at stake and so is the American peoples welfare. Pass the BILL! We need help now, not next year! Be a Repuliican who cares!
In a perfect world, yes. I'm angry with broken promises of Rs. Threat of single payer looming if we do nothing is unconscionable. Vote yes.
It's unconscionable to vote http://yes.You  don't even know what you are voting for except @BillCassidy lied & millions will die
Senator
We love& admire u
We just want u 2 get this thru& hopefully 1st step
We will never get anything else
Pls help us- ty
Block grants are smoke & mirrors! Fed Gov. retains control of revenue & pass out grants based on politics of the day. CROOKED DEAL!
Whichever side is in power of deciding the block amounts will give accordingly to the states that vote for them.
Exactly!  But, only after the Federal administrative skim...  Oh, and campaign contributions.
WE GET THE POINT....OBAMACARE OR NOTHING.
METHINKS THE GOOD SENATOR NEEDS TO LEARN TO WORK WITH HIS FELLOW REPUBS OR CONVINCE THEM OF HIS POSITION: LONE WOLVES ARE INEFFECTIVE! 
By approving this at least we have a better chance of making  life better for citizens suffering  under Obama care.
Where's your plan? I'll wait......
I need to ask you a question if you're not afraid to respond. Why would you not vote yes, and then help add amendments later.
I was told to bring a solution to any problem you wish to complain about. How about you?
Good question!
@FDRLST @Heritage_Action Race2TOP/CCore/ACA block grants are National Bribes to CA-NY-TX-FL will PROFIT from #GrahamCassidy not ME loses $1B
Anything, at this point, is better than nothing. I'm paying $1,200 a month with 6K deductible. Help individuals. Please.
With what we currently spend on medical, Bernie's proposal is the best for all. Stop profiting from sick people
Refusing to make even small change to OCare is a vote for continuing OCare. GOP will suffer in 2018 & may lose ability to repeal for years
Have you ever tried taking a piece of candy away from a Child? Try taking medical away from a family !! You can't do it Randy! To late now
The child needs to get over it. Just like parents these days dealing with whiny children, all the govt. has done a coddle and given in
to the whining and crying of the people for free shit
I believe you would have a better plan,but I don't see it.
Come on Rand Paul. All you are doing is guaranteeing Obamacare for life; and Obamacare sucks.
Get 60 votes so you can repeal. Live in reality.
@RandPaul GET THE JOB DONE N.O.W.!
Knock it off.... you couldn't get it done for 7 years.... it's over, vote yes and end the mandate
Block grants are redistribution of wealth.
When you stop GrahamCassidy you will loose your Senate seat. The people of your state has had enough of ObamaCare.
You learn how to write a sentence and then maybe you'll be ready to start studying healthcare reform, mmkay?
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Y'all make healthcare rocket science and it's not You want 1 size fits all BUT it don't Give it to the states
"Obamacarelite" is better than Obamacare". So you know what to do! This is at least a good start and we count on you to improve it!
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski DO you folk not have original ideas Are you not creative thinkers Are you part of the problem
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski WHYcan you not pass this bill work on it make improvements to give great options/choices to choose from
Hey man what about your insurance provider becoming an umbrella for the rest of us? If they got 100 million new customers rates would drop
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski at the state level people can buy home, fire, life, car, & uninsured motor insurance They buy what they need
Except for the ones who don't but should. Have you ever been hit by an uninsured driver??
No I haven't. But if I had. I have ins so I'm covered and they get a judgment by my ins co & have to pay them back if the work
Wow Rand Paul so you like the socialist Bernie ???? Showing who you really are now
pls compromise. obamacare is a massive spending welfare program--a failed experiment on socialism.
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski Youcould really do something to insure at the state level all people had real affordable healthcare.
Rand, vote yes! Then work to gain a Senate Super Majority to put the final touches on repealing OCare. Don't be obstreperous!
@SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski it's about POWER not people. This bill would not start until 2020 you could offer many things to improve it
I still think you are not looking at the big picture. How will people who have pre-existing conditions survive? i am not happy at all!
You make me want to curse along with @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski it's not about us the people or about Medicaid cuts or improvements
If you are so concerned Why aren't you fighting for us to have the same healthcare that congress does?  Because it's not about that at all.
You all live all the backs of the WORKING CLASS those who pay taxes those who pay for your quality health care.
Again I am begging you to help Americans by voting yes. Please don't leave us with OBama care as it is. This is Repubs last chance. 
I guess we are capitalistic pigs for the rich
Why didn you all stop Obamacare from ever happening. You know entitlement programs are hard to do away with.
Don't be snarky
Running the government is about compromise. You all Senator Paul are not to do thing to hurt the people of this country. But you do.
WHY IS IT THATTHE REPUBLICAINPARTCANNOTCOMETOGETHER AND AGREE ANYTHING??? I wonder how you all run your homes when you don't get your way.
You are either part of the problem or part of the solution Stomping your feet & saying I got a better plan is doing nothing
Just shut up and get something accomplished for a change
You can pass this bill It will start in 2020 you have all that time to include all the things to make it better why not?
Please vote NO on #GrahamCassidy .  It does not serve most Americans well.  It is especially discriminatory to aged, and pre-existing con.
Add a change to vote for it, so you will be able to change things not working. We the Middle class now lower class, can not afford it Please
Civil War II  imminent 
We_the_People against Big_Centralized_Tyrannical_Gov II. 
Big_Central_Gov won last time.  See results today.    :-(
Vote FOR the Healthcare!!
Quit grandstanding and do something!
Plz say this won't pass, how in the world do we reach @realDonaldTrump it is not constitutional, so vitally important to our future.
True. If you're the 50th vote you have to vote for it though Rand.
I'm taking this & spreading it... 
Thanks.
Both #GrahamCassidy and Bernie's Medicare for all plan are simply socialism.
Hey, that makes @LindseyGrahamSC a socialist like @SenSanders
not federalism, its out and out larceny, embezzlement, ponzi, whatever crime you want to call it. Go Rand ! #FullRepeal
no,  would be socialism lite
My 1st choice for Prez, sir. Pls get off ur high horse. Pass it, then revisit it. Do not be the person letting Barrycare being law of land.
It's better than what we have and we stuck with Obamacare are dying.  If nothing done now we are screwed
Kentuckian here please vote for the Bill.
If the public doesn't know what true federalism is, then they can brand it that way. Hamilton is laughing at us. Incredible
The question is NOT if #GrahamCasiddy is perfect but rather is it better than existing Obamacare? If so, you should vote for it now fix L8tr
U seem to be part of the #Resist team. 7.5 years u had to repeal & replace. It may not be perfect but it's something. It ends after the 30th
Sen Paul, why do you refuse to vote to DISCUSS this in the Senate??  This is NOT a vote on the Bill-just a vote to DISCUSS  the issues-nuts!
Time for Executive Privilege President Trump tell Mueller to F off!
Don't give McConnell any ideas
We all know we cannot have free health care. But for what Americans pay we should have best care in the world. Fix it don't end it.
As a conservative supporter. It doesn't seem overly socialistic to exspect you to work towards the same health care for me as you have
Yes it would Rand,that has me concerned.States can set up single payer in there state. Its a way to get single payer in the u.s. Bankruptcy!
Exactly, and these blocks still have to come from taxes generated from American workers.
Stand firm on REPEAL @RandPaul! America NEEDS you on this!!
Would it remove the mandates too?
Good point! And an interesting question!
Rand ... we get it... ENOUGH. This is a start!
No.  Block grants allow states to use federal funds to design their own health care system.  What state would accept a BG without control.
Oh there is control. Who do you think gets to decide the formula to distribute the blocks grants?
That is true but states are given more latitude to design their health care program within funding limits. See TANF block grant example.
Please, we Seniors beg, do NOT touch our Medicare ever. How can we seniors live with our pre-existing conditions not covered. #cancergotme.
Stop falling on your sword. Your constituents know your feelings.  Just give us a start at changes down the road.
He has, he has submitted his bill that puts healthcare back in the citizens hands. Why don’t they vote on it ? https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
#GrahamCassidy is NOT the repeal & replace @GOP promised

Stop abusing #reconciliation

#SenateParliamentarian 

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/blogs/plum-line/wp/2017/09/21/graham-cassidy-could-still-blow-up-in-the-gops-face-heres-how/ …
#noGrahamCassidy #ProtectOurCare
You just won't admit you want to keep ACA. Quit being a liar and just say it! "I, Rand Paul want to keep the ACA"
You forgot the key word in Affordable Health Care Act is AFFORDABLE not Unaffordable
Stop being difficult, this bill is way better than Obamacare. Trump and the American people need you to vote for this, make improvements L8R
No @USCBOcostest no debate the @GOP is just going to silently commit murder-suicide over #CassidyGraham
Try for a moment to stop the obsession with anything tagged "obama" or "bernie" and focus on americans.  We are getting screwed.
Whatever you call it, I hope that you believe that everyone deserves affordable health care.
Difference is state's options. State's don't have to expand Medicaid and people aren't forced to buy what they can't afford.
You don't get a thing done in Washington & a disagree with most of what you say BUT you are a man of your word & for that I truly thank you
Rand, Obama took Ky work I guess you're trying to take HealthCare.  Vote with your  President and pass HealthCare bill.
Bernie's healthcare bill is Federalism, same with Graham/Cassidy, Feds bleed out the states then tell them how to spend the money they took
Yes tax revenue should be collected by states only and passed up to feds  not the way it is now !!!!!
that way the states could keep feds focused on their main job defense of the nation !!!
Graham-Cassidy should block grant not just for Sanctuary Ca but it's illegal cost shifting back to U.S. gov. double dipping.
WE GOTTA START SOMEWHERE OR WE WILL HAVE BERNIES PLAN... IT'S A STEP
I am a YUGE fan of Rand but this is the best the Gelded Gutles Globs of Guilt Ridden Goo will possibly ever give us.  Please reconsider.
Hey GOP RINOs, you voted for repeal many times when Obama was the PREZ. What's up now?
You’re absolutely right, but what’s new.
Bernie seeing this
You're nitpicking terms. We need relief from Obamacare
These Obamacare morons keep saying how many people will coverage. But when your deductible is $7000 you dont have coverage.
Or we could keep Obamacare as you seem set on.
Love you Rand but unless it is WORSE than Obamacare it is BETTER
It's worse
well, I'm sure that Dr Paul wants to be on the same side as @paulkrugman . they seem to agree on most things
Rand Paul, hero of obamacare
All the gymnastics in the world won't make it ok vote no.  Ego, sir.  If 48 other R Senators can support it, so can you.
Rand Paul sure does love ACA a lot. He is a no vote.
Graham-Cassidy is fascism. States with fascist, racist, and/or misogynist leaders to spend funds as they see fit. We know how that'll work.
Keep on Standing Senator...
Get the govt out of my insurance
Your being an obstructionist like the Dems - wonder why? How about collaborating instead of negating?

You know medicare for all would be cheaper than what americans are paying today.
Then how come it wasn't implemented in VT.............Answer: It would bloat the state budget and raise taxes too high.
If you could cover everyone in the country for less money for capita than it currently costs would you choose that option.
Stand strong with your beliefs.  Do it right.  Do it light.  Do it wrong.  Do it long.
What's your answer? Because what we had before DID NOT WORK.
For Pete's sake nothing in life is perfect. Just vote for it and shut up. It's better than Obamacare.
We will have single payer soon. I'm sure. Government will take all our paycheck and give us what they think we deserve.
Better Stop it now!
What is your Plan?

8 years of planning 
OR
sitting on your Hands?

DO SOMETHING!!!!!!
Corruption in RNC w DNC? !!!
_!
Good point. But you are a Senator. The rest of us bitch tweet without considering it a job title. You are supposed to actually gain support.
Just another instance of One-Party Rule of reprobate corruptocrats that dont care about Americans Debt! Another sellout by the failure Trump
Please vote no on this horrible bill. Kentucky will lose $5 billion, poor state already.
If you take the tax mandates off and 37% income tax off the mid class it might. False equivalency Senator.
Could it be a better bill? I'm sure it could be but I measure its success, as I do most things, on the outrage from the left. #PassIt
people don't even know what Federalism is anymore. Sad that our leaders don't as well. Keep fighting!
I feel like you're one of the only voices of truth in DC:/
