# Keep doing your job Senator !!The Freedom Caucus didn't want anything in the Healthcare Bill !! They, have No heart for people !
Free markets are the most compassionate gift any politician could give us. When he says it would fix healthcare, it will. Don't buy Dem lies
And yet in every other country that healthcare works is a single payer system through government. Look i believe in free markets but health-
An actual free market system hasn't existed in well over 50 years in our nation, or most of the civilized, western nations.
Because it doesnt work, just like a for profit prison. These concepts dont spply to the freemarket system because it is inherent social.
FYI, markets do work, and they work far better than anything socialism has to offer. There's plenty of examples, like Lasek, that verify it.
#Want me to point out some social programs # Police, water service & sewerage, garbage in cities, street
#service & repairs,highway programs & repairs,gasoline tax,state troopers, government services : defense
We just want congress to stop fighting & earn their taxpayers salary.Give Trump a chance.
sure, like they gave Obama a chance, right?
Sort of hard to want to work with a person who jammed ACA through w/o one bipartisan vote, and a person who constantly threatened to bypass.
ACA spent 2 yrs in bi-part comm and included many Romney/Heritage principles.
Yet not a single Republican voted for it.
that doesn't validate your argument.  Obama asked for Republ help; Repubs didn't want to.    Instead they sabo the bill.
So he would of accepted removing his mandate? If not, you're just stating that Obama wanted them to cave in to his progressive model.
why don't you read up on how ins. and the ACA actually work and get back to me.
Instead the politicians decide what is right or wrong with something they will never have to use themselves.That's what's wrong.
Hey aren't you the guy who wrote the bill to let ISPs sell our browsing history to anyone they want? Can we have a debate on that?
Which bill are you misrepresenting?
The bill to let ISPs sell our data, which he sponsored, then abstained on. Ya really gotch me http://bit.ly/2nZ0N5B 
Yes, I "Gotchya". You don't even know, youre just regurgitating a leftist talking-point in defense of Obama's "midnight rules".
You've lost all credibility. Just shut up.
FILIBUSTER this Witless Wonder til his Curls wilt. Til his Dimples Sag. Til this Witless wonder finds a Wit. Rand has 1/2 a brain
Kentucky is Obese. 33.2%. Except for Leslie County 43.2%. Fat State. 16% Diabetes. Fifth Fattest State. Like Rand Paul's Brain.
When is Rand gonna shut up? Kentucky may have summa the fattest behinds in the USA, but they shouldn't have to sit through this.
Rand darlin', your charm is wearing a little thin. Like your hair. If you're worried about Russia, you should impeach Trump.
You are compromising our Democracy. Tax Breaks for 1% (me) and no health care for the 99%. Everyone in Ky who doesn't have a ranch
You don't know what you're talking about.  Your whole strategy is nothing but emotional reasoning mixed with cowardly insults. No depth 2 u.
Let me know, when you kids are finished enabling the #Illuminati #Bilderberg #GeorgeSoros.  I'll wait here. @POTUS @PrisonPlanet

Yeah, I know...everything is a conspiracy.  Rand and Donald know exactly what I'm saying is true

Oh right lol.  The #Illuminati #Bilderberg #FreeMasons are all just some made up bullshit.  Wrong
No, it's just laughable that you'd associate someone fighting for less government power as working for the enablers of crooked politicians.
You missed the point.  Notice, #HillaryClinton #BarackObama & #GeorgeSoros are still free 
Probably has something to do with people like you generalizing and taking away from those fighting for what's right. Blame yourself.
The only wars have been in middle east started by your party
I don't think he supported those though. He's one of the few anti war politicians from either major party.
Beside the point. When we backed Nato Russia was checked or sanctioned. Now... They are invading for more Ukraine. Who will be next?
#Kids aren’t in our #military #Heroes are, and #ItComesWithThePackage
You speak THE TRUTH!  Sen. RP, it was wonderful to see YOU on #INFOWARS. I KNOW that you actually care! Also, Love the GREEN TIE  xo
I love being a warrior. Why is it so many of you try to take this honor away. I made the choice to defend my country with my life
The neo-cons
You're absolutely right when missiles work great but they send troops
Hope you discussed this with Pres Trump today. Expanding NATO
@realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs Congress&all govmt employees should be forced to go on this plan.Then U would see teamwork a good healthcare plan
It is inexplicable that @POTUS aligned with likes of PaulRyan- WHO is in charge in DC? Someone please explain this to me- INEXPLICABLE
You got mashed down bud!!! You did!!
Just lost all respect for you with those false statements. 2/x
You just misrepresented the truth about what happened with Trump, the 'tapp', and Nunes. Has nothing to do with 'the campaign' for starts. 1
Nobody listening, but when this goes bad enough there may not be anyone TO listen.
My son, as one of them, that would be! And no, they don't care!
No more Globalist & Neocon wars for Israel.
isnt president allowed to send in military without congress approval for 60 days?
thanks, why should we protect other countries and be forbidden to protect our own from illegals & terrorists. Take care of us 1st
It is a country of 660,000 people and US want it in NATO - to irritate #RUSSIA fantastic foreign policy
, Yes, our kids. NOT theirs. Maybe the people need to act on the saying, "What if they gave a war, and nobody came?"
.@RandPaul //www.c-span.org/video/?426056-4/washington-journal-representatives-walter-jones-john-garamendi @SpeakerRyan #wednesdaywisdom
Please explain why you did not vote on the broadband bill..?....
Did not vote on broadband bill. Mr rand Paul the great protector of our privacy. Was a believer in you. Up till now. Sickens me...
Big Thanks for being absent on the broadband vote. Way to protect our privacy! Your the last one I thought would let this happen.
take the senators Children and relative first,,  l BELIEVE  they will change their minds when you put a face on them
@InstantA77 Obama deployed destroyed Libya Syria Yemen Sudan Somalia caused genocide & refugee crisis AND
you should be speaker of the house , @PaulRyanPeak  needs to resign the globalist snake he is.
Do you realize you are the ones picking these wars and the rest of NATO is going along? Or is that just reality intruding on your delusions?
@RickCanton  if and when you run for president again. I'm backing you.
@realkodybrown  America Trump is another Hitler, can't you all see this?  I swear people here are blindsided by Trump
EndofWorld
I respect @RandPaul passion but I'm constantly bothered by his willingness to impute such bad faith to those who disagree with him on policy
@NetsyPetsy he is another one that can't get over he lost
Thank You Rand Paul. Your knowledge is invaluable~We appreciate you.
war so that all muslims are exported so Israel get their biblical lands back.
Rand Paul played air piano there for a second
You're a hero! Thank you for standing against war!
Might be a good educating experience for all to serve directly out of HS for 2-4 years while mature.
ok. But how does selling my search history help?
no shit. But don't kid yourself it's limited to pr0n.
I'm sure your sources are valid. But think about auto-correct.  That's catching more than anything & logged af.
agree on war agenda with your Republican President. But you voted to toss Veterans off insurance last week.
@ski95252  You are not helping the people with your power struggle. Sit down together and work it out! This needs to happen now!
what plant are you on...America is made at your behavior don't like you anymore
They don't debate -- they masterbate!!!
I have long felt that congresspersons who feel that it's necessary to send our citizens to war, should be enlisted to fight also.
Or we can just wait and let them come here.  Better plan.
- get a good bill- if you wait for a great bill - the dems will be in control bc the GOP got nothing done
We love you Rand.  True blue American.
@NetworksManager you started war by arming the enemy .
I will agree!!  no go to work to stop the increase in military spending in fact decrease it and provide healthcare
Don't know was in the army are not
makes a person want to move to Kentucky
Completely agree. No more American kids sent to fight somebody else's war. No more spilled American blood for others.
sorry that's what they train for Army Veteran
do u know a George W Bush Jr? John Winston Howard? or Tony Blair? by any chance? Call em and ask em a few questions...
@SuperMonkeyNews thought  US military service was voluntarly so nobody being forced2go2war even then they can opt out of service
hillary enabled "war" but michael moore supports her?????
@UTHornsRawk MR. RAND PAUL CALLING U TOMORROW ABOUT MIX UP ON MY IFO@SharonlYoung1
We DID want the @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP to act mature and repeal obamacare. Stop the division and take care of healthcare ASAP!
You take the time to comment on here but don't bother listening when people say the bill did nothing to repeal the ACA.
@kvnl756821 Yemen, Syria, Libya, Iraq, not Russia shldB reason 4Am ppl's outrage. No danger from Russia, they know it. Deadly game
It's about time a Senator stood up & told Congress to obey the law. We only go to war after a debate and vote. #Constitution
@casey2513 

Need to pass a bill...any pol who votes for war should have to have a family member in a combat unit.
TY  #NOWAR
get angrier!
keep hitting bro!
you screwed @potus last week. Unacceptable.
@POTUS screwed the American people by not adhering to his promise to repeal the ACA. I thought we voted for conservatives, not liberals?
@NetworksManager  #repeal #Obamacare NOW!Why #replace this legislators' nightmare.We END it! s will decide their OWN med destiny
why R U the only 1 who actually has integrity & cares about ppl and try to fight for what is right? Please get @POTUS 2 listen 2 U
we trust you to keep them straight
If you dont believe in subsidies then you and  every Government employee need to quit your jobs Since taxpayers subsidize you
Subsidies are nothing more than a bargaining chip for the politicians to enrich themselves by enriching the highest bidder.
Standing with you, Senator Rand Paul....
no more war. WHY are we now in yemen?? It has to end. 9 countries in turmoil. Ppl starving, stop all the war
Good for you & for all of us for speaking out regarding NATO & debating out in the public. Millions are supporting you.
agree 100%
@NetworksManager please don't becuz my son is in the military.
I love when a US Senator uses "they" twice in a single tweet.... who is the they in this issue.....
Really? Perhaps the people voting on the bill?
let's all hate and blame the they's of the world much EZR then looking at the us in the issue, they is so high school
thank you @RandPaul @sethank you. No #neocons @POTUS
Lock Trump Up!
.@RandPaul Right, just like nobody wanted a debate over protections from unreasonable and illegal search and seizure. #netneutrality
@NetworksManager time to send senator's to war so they can earn their money. Congress too.
let's put Paul Ryan on the front lines. He deserves it.
: We need tort reform, universal electronic patient record to avoid duplication of billions $ testing, less  power to insurance com
what kind of MD r u Yad?
looks like you're debating empty desks.  Was anyone else there? Thanks for standing up for America!
Only you and Mike Lee stood up against the status quo on foreign policy. Bravo.
yep very true a sad group of egomaniacs
@sportsmediaLM Rand is cool. Easily my fav R. I'd vote him for Pres vs most others
I agree Frobe
We should have this issue brought up for clarity. Who, how long, once ISIS is out, who is taking over, why, etc. Not just go in.
thank you Rand. Damnit why didn't you win the nomination?  Please keep fighting.
you are aware you can't have everything your way?
you realize this isnt Rand's idea right? It's the constitution... it's supposed to be the way things are done.
I do realize that. I am encouraging all parties to compromise. Get govt working for us. No one can have all they want.
Who's they dude? You idiots are now running the whole show. The rest of us no longer have a vote and we don't matter. #itsonyou
What?
increase in defense spending, shoring up our infrastructure, closing our borders, and promising jobs.  Ready to #StartAWar.
Look, another dog-profile... Alot of those tonight.
Yeah and? Congress did nothing when Obama destroyed Libya and ousted Mubarak. Our politicians are not listening!!!!!!!!
we are not in shock! We know Washington will do nothing unless they something in it for themselves!
Although I may not always agree with your policy, I have tremendous respect for your honesty. Keep up the good work. #truth
@freedomcaucus you don't stand for America! I don't trust you on ANYTHING!
That green tie gives @randpaul powers
Thank you, Senator. I'm a Vietnam vet, and my oldest grandson is still recovering from his USMC tour in Afghanistan.
Thank you for your service.
Rand,  I like you alot better lately.  Trump supporter.  Keep up the good work.
No foreign war unless AMERICANS are in jeopardy! We can  send supplies to allies!
Slight problem when US allies like Kurds and Turkey are at each other's throats.
Dont forget @SpeakerRyan @SenSanders @SenJohnMcCain and so many more #corrupt 
wasn't it your Republican President that just ordered more ground troops into Syria?
Somebody's gotta wipe out ISIS. Obama started them by leaving vacuums in the Middle East. NATO needs to help.
when can we count on "passage" of a Rand Paul Health bill???? You've got good ideas, without passage its just more empty rhetoric
Rand Paul Health is an oxymoron. His Bill limits access and care. It is a Tax Break for 1% ers like me. Not HealthCare
thank you for standing for what is right.
#StandWithRand
pls stop the madness
Constitution denies  unborn American citizens due process of law! What law makes being  (inconvenient) a capital crime! Wake up!
keep speaking the truth senator
Tell us who is "they" and the next election we will send them to early retirement.
Our kids will stay home with us, they won't go fight for Israel or any big companies to defend their interest. 1/2
you have to get rid of paul ryan soro to stop all. Mccain must also go
Why don't we get every idea and option out there in the public so the public can decide what is good for us.
Yup
Oh Rand Paul just hold a press conference and tell us all your version of how healthcare should go.Someone has to have some ideas.
He did that weeks ago. Of course, it didn't get much coverage
He sure did!!#StandWithRand #FreemarketHeathcare
.@RandPaul stop blaming America first. Putin makes no secret of desire to regain Soviet borders of Russian power. And military not "kids."
what part of America is he blaming?
^5 Vote NO re: Montenegro
WHY are we fighting in Syria & other MidEast countries? Were these calls to arms approved by Congress & Senate? Why kill civilians
get after them! And as always thanks for being honest.
Thank you Sen Paul for not wanting to play toy soldiers; for my sons, who are not yet of age, and for others' children who serve
Is GOP incompetent at governing & unethical in oversight? How deep does this Russian connection go?
connection all the way to Secretary of State Clinton approving sale of plutonium to them
That sale, as I am sure you know, was thru State Dept; not a personal business deal. Big difference.
but the corresponding donation to the Clinton foundation wasn't supposed to be caught
Clinton Foundation is an A rated charity; expenditures vetted. So what is your point. Smear by inuendo.
appearance of impropriety at her level in Government unacceptable
It gives Russia our Uranium
That lie has been discredited.  Spicey repeating it at his presser today does not make it a fact, still alternative fact.
it is a fact she signed off on selling Russia our Uranium
stop talking. Act!
I'm sure you've already called your Representatives? #Putyourmoneywhereyourmouthis
R's so adamant to war with third world countries but when its another world power they shit themselves
yes it is quite pathetic on the hill these days. Depressing.
The fact that you even know of who he is negates your point.
No war unless Senate/House and their adult family work the front lines...

#NewRepublic
dude the sore loser w the bad hair thing has worn out. Support ur President against the evil left, msm Or join them
There's no reference...Debate on what?
we got your 6 In KY
You r one of few Republicans I could ever think about voting for,never would but I do respect you for wanting open debate on issues
Sen, having two boys in the Army, I appreciate your concerns over this ! 
"LABEL THEY" and call them out...Or RU a Pussy Whipped "Politician" Like "YOUR" Club Buddies...?
They = the other 99 Sitting senators
Rand I support you fully. Would you please come to some agreement so that we can at least resolve this issue? Just do something.
I feel like the rest of the Dems & RINOs have been "doing something" for long enough. Time to do something right.
Thank you Rand.
@sbsun
@EconomicTimes
@XHNews
@PressTV
@RT_com
@FoxNews
@RealAlexJones
@DRUDGE
all I can say is freedom and liberty.  Long live
@MLP_officiel
@Nigel_Farage 
@PutinRF_Eng
@TulsiGabbard 
@justinamash
@RonPaul
@realDonaldTrump
So, you're afraid or you're a puppet of Putin.
of a few thousand nukes. Ya
