because he secretly is on the DNC payroll
Get govt. completely the hell out of health care. Let free market capitalism do its job. Anything else is simply Socialism and un-American.
Why does every Civilized Country apart from US supply their Citizens with Healthcare paid for by Taxes ? And their citizens are healthier !
If you want to turn over more of your paycheck to DC politicians and "trust" them to do the right thing you go right on ahead.
you didn't answer my question . Canada , UK most of EU have way cheaper Healthcare and Drugs than US . & Australia as @POTUS pointed out .
I wonder why every time there's a problem ... the government's solution is to take more of my pay check from me ...
Running to news Cameras, whining, one member after
another about items that can b changed right now. Rand, all members+Senate, WORK ON IT
I #StandWithRand

Wow, you have to have @CateMartel from the Leftwing rag, The Hill, to explain Republicans. Ask Rush Limbaugh to come on & explain Democrats.
Heath care needs to run as nonprofits when they are trading over a 100 bucks a Share DITCHMITCH#
I've played with that thought. They shouldn't be allowed on Wall Street.
Sen Rand Paul get a grip!  You guys MUST get it together, STOP nitpicking & get it done Americans need H.C.
#StandWithRand We want @RandPaul Bill!#FreeMarketHealthcare https://www.paul.senate.gov/imo/media/doc/ObamacareReplacementActSections.pdf …
How about implementing summer jobs wage every summer?
Whatever plan is approved, it must NOT require Americans to subsidize those who ruin their own health by smoking, drinking, or unsafe sex!
Obamacare's dead.Would he rather we not have any plan at all He can hold out for what he thinks would be a complete repeal & we have nothing
I want to know WHY! HE KNOWS they are having to piecemeal this thing so WHY NOT HELP ! OBAMA CARE IS KILLING US OUT HERE!
Rand Paul can always be counted on to oppose anything that would mean he helps the team stand together and pass a bill to help us out here
Please vote for the healthcare bill and urge your fellow holdout Republicans to do the same! Self employed and no choice here in TN!! Help!
You republicans need to work together or u will lose the house,u can blame u n a few others u sound like a spoiled brat when dont go ur way
Y, BC HES A FOOL, HES PLAYING 2 THE UNDEMOCRATIC BEAT, RATHER HE KNOWS IT R NOT.  I, AM SICK OF OUR NON-REPRESENATIVES. AHCA . . . GETRDONE!
Everybody will have to give something for this to work.  GOP OWNS HEALTHCARE! - No matter what happens at this point, even if it's nothing!
It's Ryan's bill/wolf in sheeps clothing/Ryan knows he will not be reelected/why Dems are questioning WI voter districts
They will negotiate, but you won't get everything you want.  Competition and free markets will be there 'down the road' and you know it.
Where is his plan??  Personally I don't think the gov't should run any health care but that ship has sailed. Thank you Democrats !!
He doesn't want the #POTUS to succeed because he's still butt hurt from the debates.
Yes, continue to do so. You would not want a wheel chair brigade swarming your office.
There is No good reason! Pass this Bill then work to improve it as time goes on. We NEED this HCare to pass, OCare is dead and we are hurtin
How about @DrRandPaul for 2020, because America's VISION needs restored get it? (Hire me). #nomarketingdegree #justagenius #Paul2020
schumer is a liar - he is running scared.  you will not get it all- compromise please.
you have insurance and we do not or it is costing us too much.  It will give us 
more money in our pockets.
I was at the original San Diego TEA party rally and it was precisely about REPEALING Obamacare and getting the Feds out of healthcare.
On this I agree with the Senate. Don't money to those ins. Company's. They r well of already
He will vote for the #Trumpcare turd regardless of what's in it... This is just a show for TV, he does this song and dance EVERY TIME.
Tell me Neil, why is Rand Paul alway on the outside looking in. Is he ever on a winning team?
Where are health savings accounts, and crossing state lines?
loosen up senator, sick of seeing you on TV almost as much as Pelosi
Why dont Paul&co draw up an outline as 2 whay they wsnt so evry1 can see it? @LouDobbs @jessebwatters
Republican health care bill is worse than Obama Care. Continued Big Government plus more expenses.
Rand would oppose the constitution if it was voted on today.Both he and his father are the lunatics of congress.Im Sure hill run 4 pres 2020
rand Paul should be ashamed for not backing our Pres. H.C. Bill
bill is no good  repeal is in order  only way to get to sanity
Rand Paul is the only one making any sense!
I love you so goddamn much, Randel
#Trumpcare Not Vicious Enough For Rand Paul https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nmaVW-d7pMU … @TheYoungTurks
Big supporter. We understand having to play in the swamp. Help us. This lacks innovation.Were not stupid  When we 1st saw  iPhone we got it
#CCOT #MAGA
So the libs get their way; we are saving Ocare, subsidizing it.
Ins lobby wins.
We either ditch it or go fed health all the way.
The 3 things GUARANTEED with GOV_care...Loss of individual freedom...Price increases up to 3000%...& quality deteriorates.
A nation that tries to tax itself into prosperity, is like a man standing in a bucket who tries to lift himself by the handle. - W Churchill
Thank you Rand Paul!!! Repeal it now
Rand Paul has great ideas, like allowing free market health care, allowing other approaches, then the best would prosper.
Because he had 2percent and Trump knocked him off the stage.
You want to make another run at the white house? Get this bill passed!
VOTE FOR THIS BILL DAMMIT!!!
We appreciate everything that you are doing & you have a large following that share your vision for our GREAT COUNTRY. God Bless!
Most working Americans want/need Affordable Catastrophic Health Insurance for hospitalization & emergency room coverage, NOT GOV HEALTHCARE.
you want something more repeal, but repeal & replace requires bi-partisan (60 votes). only mods can be made under reconciliation, right?
I support our Pres 100% but if this bill does nothing to lower premiums,please don't sign.Mid America can't pay these ridiculous costs.THX!
Government needs to get totally out of picking winners and losers in business's  it's not constitutional. PERIOD
No to 15B to insurances
R.P. makes a lot of sense but since u can't get 49 other senators to see the light, must compromise. Something is better than nothing.
Paul Rand like Ted Cruz and 2 others are opposing bc they always oppose everything. SOP for these 4.Just trying 2make waves -egoist.
So tired of handful of senators holding country hostage on the GOP side; get over yourself!!
If Rand Paul has such great ideas why doesn't anyone in the Republican Party pay any attention to him? He constantly is whining...
Thank you for not supporting this Bill.  The lifetime limits and exclusion of preexisting conditions hurt a lot of Americans.
No rush I work in mental health this needs to be done right!!
All talk, nobody is going to get everything they want. Your big ego is getting in the way, this isn't about you! It's about the people!
Obamacare 2.0
THIS IS TOO LATE TO #OPPOSE.WE NEED NECESSARY #SUGGESTIONS, SO IT PASSES WITH FLYING #COLOURS.I AM SURE IT IS 10TIMES BETTER THAN #ObamaCare
U have no idea how pissed off people are with those self-serving, greedy, blowhards in congress
Darn it!! If Congress can't  come up with a new healthcare bill, outsource it to someone with a brain
I have brain. I crafted @CABFund . They will cover lots of low wage workers. Adds resources by cutting costs. Patient control of EHR.
Thank you for standing for the Constitution and the taxpayers. The apple doesn't fall far from the tree. #RonPaulRevolution
https://www.operationveracity.com/mayflower-hotel.html …
@RandPaul @tedcruz @RonJohnsonWI @SenMikeLee Same Health Care as you? We are Human like you! #Medicaid gives Inmates full coverage, who pays
Instead of 24 million uninsured Rand is looking for 40 million uninsured. Let us have your healthcare plan Rand and let us pay what you pay
thank you Rand Paul for having empathy and intelligence.
How about his health care who pays for it
I think 99% of GOP opposition is just to draw attention to themselves and suggest that they're 'doing something' for their constituents.
Rand loves the camera. Instead of mugging for MSM, should be trying to negotiate. #lame
Lame is my wife coming to me saying my guy is cutting our prenatal, and keeping the MASSIVE healthcare tax Obama made me pay
#HealthcareBill
Did U run on if not perfect 1st try~help the Far Left regain power, stack the courts w/activist judges, & watch US get run by Pen & Phone?
#StandWithRand
I don't like subsidizing insurance companies.  I think we need to get insurance companies to breakdown their costs and compete. Drive prices
Thank you. That bill benefits the Insurance companies. I want to see competition between them. Lower prices and prices to be known to all
@NetworksManager @RandPaul @FoxNews Neil, I Hope And PrayThat Democrats And
Republicans Will Work Together 
On Healthcare!
REPEAL the Obamacare tax!! It's killing the middle class because our government isn't working for us. Get the Feds outa healthcare FAST!
#DC
And allow insurance companies to sell across state lines!!
He's A Coward
Unmask Paul as a democratic!
Which sound more like a democrat: supporting government mandates on healthcare or opposing them?
Paul you are SUCH A HYPOCRITE!  LET's start with Corp Subsidies then see what we can afford. Screw you for not caring about families!
On MTP, Rand Paul sounded uncivilized, ignorant and a stooge simply for the richest of the rich. He's an "American Can't" type of rep!
your poor state of Kentucky could not afford to provide healthcare of any kind.  so much for giving the states the right to waive Medicaid
I'm listening to u discuss how we cant have subsidies for PEOPLEs LIVEs yet WHAT ABOUT SUBSIDIES TO CORPs? How about U eliminate those 1st!!
PRETEND you are a Republican and you have the majority. It cannot always be YOUR way or the highway. #passthebill
Stop pretending you are not a liberal by supporting this bill.
Defunding Planned Parenthood for just one year=unacceptable
Because Trump made fun of me during the primaries
Many  people will not buy ins...until they get sick...if the pre-existing cond is left in bill...no need to keep child on ins til 26
Cavuto WE THE PEOPLE have watched the demise  of truthful journalism in http://MSM.Now  you and others at FNN have boonde in.
Oops, "booda" should have been join in.
I hope trump rejects it. But it really shows how unserious the GOP is.
There's a big difference between knowing everything and knowing what you're talking about. Keep fighting the good fight Dr Paul.
Heard way to much from Rand Paul . Someone tell him we didn't ever want him to be President & he never will be . Now where's the Duck Tape
I say just repeal it and see what the insurance can come up with with a dozen plans to make things cheaper keep the government out
Of course. That would be the correct way. But neither reps nor dems are gonna approve that. So it's better to have this than Obamacare
We know why, bc he's a showboat and wants as much airtime as he can possibly obtain with his faux outrage at anything and everything
CNN="Prominent ppl" like yourself &colleagues, taxpayers pay your salary...sounds 2me  u say 1 thing 2 public another behind doors = 
Funny how in Obama's statement on the subject, it use to always be "me, my, I'm & I" now "it's not simply undoing what the DEMOCRATS did" ha
He's against any bill that doesn't meet his requirements.He has crowned himself,like Lee,Cruz&Johnson God of all.WE THE PEOPLE are watching.
This morning, on fox, he said he hadn't read the bill, how can he have a option.
I know he just wants Obamacare to crash and burn!!! You go Rand Paul!!!!
 You know that TrumpPutin  destroyed the tapes he recorded cause  they were damaging 2 him & not 2 Comey
Sick
Once again, Rand helping keep Obamacare alive for TV time.
.@TeamCavuto wrong about #healthinsurance premium. Dr/Hosp/Pharm cost  +15/20% = #healthinsurance premium. Control Dr/Hosp/Pharm costs!
We shouldn't even be in this debate anyway, healthcare is not a right given to us by the Constitution,  it was a method for the socio-dem...
Wish you guys make up your mind, getting dizzy about it, may need some healthcare for it.
ٍSaudi Arabia Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman being attacked!
@BBCBreaking
@CNN
@FoxNews 
@France24_ar 
@RT_com !
Not ok giving 15billion to Insurance Companies with no control on price hikes
Rand Paul explains why he will lose his next election.
You're a fool.
I'm so sick of you going against everything that has the potential of success !!!grow a set and vote favorably!! Just do the right thing!
neal your choice, Democrats lost, really like fox's, rating down, and getting worse, why are you still there
So, its time to go to the table and negotiate. I hope the Dems participate and it become a bipartisan effort.
Bad enough one party screws us lets have both
Sen's Paul, Cruz, Lee, Johnson, from beginning, & still do hav best permnent goals 4 healthcar bill. Get rt 1st time @SenateMajLdr @tedcruz
Neil does anyone listen to Barack Obama on Healthcare big joke
Actions have consequences and on this issue it just supporting Obamacare or its demise while setting back his party! His thinking is skewed!
Subsidizing Insurance Companies 
SOS
He didn't even read it yet.
Well it won't pass
