50 percent don’t pay taxes how do you cut tax for them?
If they already receive a refund, they obviously don't need a tax cut. Besides, first $24,000 isn't even taxed under this proposed bill.
You say cut taxes for all and now you do not want to cut taxes—I Hate what you are now doing to the American people.
How about congress cut spending as well? The waste is horrific.
Let's not give it to them to waste to begin with!
Agreed... Rewrite the Tax Codes. No more Income Tax. 8% Federal Sales Tax on everything with .01% increases only possible for 1 year.
No tax cuts for the people that pay $0 in federal taxes.
T-AXES 7 TRILLION OF OUR EARNED MONEY GO TO A PRIVATE BANK: IRS, AND FEDS
Where'd your ideas , your a fraud.get out of the way mic hound
What ?! How dare you like the rich! Jk You know they’re gonna say it.
Dear young, naive Erica, the middle class is not rich & they drive the economy because they are 51% of America.
"jk"
Then do it
Why not just get rid of the IRS which some day is a private corporation based in Puerto Rico.
You can cut a lot of taxes if you cut the spending!  We have a spending problem not a revenue problem......
Lowering taxes boosts the economy. Middle class drives the economy because it makes up 51% of America.
how will the government run essential programs then rand
you're doing the Lord's work eleanor
a rand fan got mad at me for wanting "free shit for everyone" like....yeah what's wrong w that
Free shit! There’s going to be free shut!!
Rand Paul, ur have bcome irritating & defying our President is ludicrous. U work 4 we the people. Ur immediate Boss is President. 
Ur fired.
 its only fair
Flawed logic Dave&Wayne!  tRump is not #RandPaul  boss.  Paul's Kentucky constituents are his bosses. I'd take #RAND over any other senator.
Don't believe him every one wins. He's a double Adgent for Dems . Look at his donors. Vote him out #fakecaucus
Your a lying fraud
Bought and paid for @RandPaul  Mr Corrupt
Brilliant
How about a flat tax with no deductions?
Multinational corporation‘s and billionaires hire tax firms so they can work the system!
25% flat!
Flat? Why should I have to pay, let's say, 30% of my income while a millionaire only has to pay 1% of his income? Makes zero sense.

Less taxes; people get to spend their own money instead of letting the government waste it on pork, BS and greedy politicians.  Makes cents!
Lies and more lies, of course only one who supports is Briebart
Health Care Solution: Gov't pays PRIMARY only for all. This lowers deductibles for surgery/emergency insurance bought over state lines.
You better pass the bill to cut taxes on the middle class!  People will remember this when you come up for re-election!
I stand with Rand.
Eliminate ACA, EITC and IRS
Come on Rand it's never going to be perfect.
And you're talking to Breitbart? The most far right publication against the people? Why should we believe you're trying to help?
Make Taxation Theft Again

Retweet! AWAN PAKASTANI SPY RING IN CONGRESS IN COURT TOMORROW FRIDAY 10/6/17!!!
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/916080780782329858 …

#TaxationIsTheft 
Just get one passed.  Help us out here.  Twist your pals McCains demented head.  Help Trump out will ya????
Start with simplifying the tax code to abolish the IRS. Cut taxes, eliminate Corp deductions when less than 40% of work force US citizens.
Flat tax. Flat tax. Flat tax. How is this not equitable?
You will never be elected as president..you are not a republican and certainly do not understand compromise..people are suffering!
#StandWithRand
Just do something and stop complaining
Cut taxes! Don't let dems distract with gun control!!
It's not a cut of anything. It's not your money to start with. How about working on some spending cuts ?
Can’t cut what is not paid. How about getting everyone to pay and then only to support enumerated powers of federal government.
Unfortunately only the rich get true tax cuts and the rest of us get taxes increases not sure how you're just starting to understand that..
Cut spending first, our grandchildren can't afford the outrageously fast-growing federal debt.
Thank you Senator Paul, really appreciate you fighting for all of us! With a Republican congress, wouldn't you think everyone should?
Yes please be fair. Don't punish those that are successful. Or they will hide their money from the market.
That sounds great, are you involved in this or do you just make comments while others work on the plan?
Yes!  That is the best thing you have said in the last 4 weeks!
And perhaps make the ones that don't pay go to jail.
Agreed!!
... well, for all those paying taxes ... time to address the myriad of welfare handouts that dis-incentivize so many from working ...
Let’s go to a 10% flat tax. Everyone contributes and it is fair. We abolish the IRS which saves taxpayers millions of $.
I assumed the compromise is to protect your political career !.
Sad to see Rand sink to the level of Breitbart. Pathetic actually
Just admit it. The government will never do anything to help the real taxpayers of this country. Both parties have failed all Americans.
Yes and not for the super rich
If we cut taxes 4 all that means all politicians will have 2 take a huge pay cut. Government will have 2 shrink. No money to pay all of you
If we cut taxes for all that means big business and the wealthy never pay their fair share
Fake news! Fake news source! Led by the anti-Christ!
Let’s cut all these garbage taxes that many don’t even notice we pay! Look at your utility bills. Cell bills internet bills etc
Every one pay 15% no deductions
Brilliant!!
Might be nice, but that will raise the deficit and national debt.
No, thats what out of control spending does.  Deficits and national debt are created by governments.  More money in my pocket helps create jobs.
If life could only be as simple as you propose on every issue!
For “ALL”
And pay for it how? Unfunded tax cuts raise the deficit, put America deeper in debt. What an idiotic tweet. Pandering to the base. Shameful
Help people who need help first.
If you cut 10% for someone who pays $1000 they will get to keep $100 more. Someone who pays 10,000 will get to keep 1,000. Of course rich
Glad you decided to finally do your job versus being an obstructionist
Make SS tax optional. Is theft. And un-American.
@handymayhem @BreitbartNews taxes pay for things. Tax cuts= loss of government revenue. Reduce spending instead.
Repeal the XVI Amend! Is theft.
Both sides of the aisle have been screwing over the middle class for decades.
Nice source, senator.  
FYI, might not be a good idea in 5 yrs....
It's un-American to penalize people who have worked hard to be successful by giving them higher tax rates.
thanks Rand, know you to be an honest man! Please keep the public honestly informed!
This way GOP will give the people Who got you elected HERE  have another (_)D Its  Special blend of 4 coffee Taste that bitter  sweet
Here (_)D DRINK Why on earth do want to that I agree on cutting taxes for us 83 %TERS but raise the taxes on the 17%ters by about 3% This
Don’t screw it up Rand.
Maybe do something about spending too.
agree, now get it done
If they cut taxes then wouldn't the democrats be forced to lose programs? Such as Planned Parenthood? Obama care? And other entitlement programs. I'm for tax cuts, less big government and power to the States.
This is just ridiculous!Middle class will never survive a tax hike!Also,what happened to the one page tax form? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Senator what do you want? You are the master of flip flops.
You still wouldn't vote for it.
Tax cut for all. Congressional pay cut after that. Then term limits. Sound fair?
Hurray Rand Paul anti trump True conservative not one Ryan's rip-off artist
Better add a healthy side of “real” spending cuts to that tax cut idea or it won’t help.
Thank you Rand.  Some people are unfortunate enough to be trapped in blue states for family/job reasons.  My taxes will go way up!
My idea: collect enough revenue to cover our expenditures.
#RepealThe16th
Guess he never heard of compromise.
I agree from top to bottom cut everyone’s taxes, let get out of the mind set to unload on the rich!
So you say...will see...
Sure, but how about repealing #ObamaCare you #Dope
100% certain you all will screw this up as well.
When do we pay attention to side of this equation? What do we need to invest in as a nation how do we pay for these investments
Taxation is theft!
I hope the peeps of Great State of Kentucky  see how your arrogance is hurting us all and vote your squirrelly butt out
#HR25 #FairTax
great folks of Kentucky saw how their Rep. had them continue to pay the IRS for no Ins. Now they may watch you block increasing paychecks
@RandPaul why isn’t anyone talking about payroll taxes? That’s what will generate growth.
#FakeNews
Spoiler alert! The self proclaimed savior speaks again.
Why not a flat tax where everyone pays their share? Time we stop supporting lazy people. Zero tax for poor.
EVERYONE YOU WORK WITH TAKES HUGE BRIBES FROM SPECIAL INTEREST GROUPS.
MCCONNELL NEEDS TO GO !!!

RATBastards !
While no longer in the middle class, was in the upper middle class for a time. Middle class gets Screwed Again
Please don’t screw this up like health care!  I like you Senator, but the perfect is the enemy of the good.  Support Trump!
He's right
At what cost?
What about the deficit?
Any discussion on spending cuts?
#ZeroTax30K
Rand cant see you compromising much at all when it gets down to it ill have to admit your rhetoric over the last year is superb
You’re going to ruin this too? Anyone ever teach you negotiating? Ugh.
Except for those that pay none.  How about they pay a little?
Instead of calling it a "tax cut," let's call it what it's supposed to be: a "government cut."
Abolish the 16th amendment congress scam tax enslaving the people out of their money with what right?
Not sure that would help. No one would be paying a “fair” amount. And after each census they’d have to do major adjustments
When it comes to money, Rand Paul has his constituents back.
They can start by eliminating the death tax, which is simply the most unfair tax of all...no income should ever be taxed more than once!
Cut spending cut taxes.  Drain the swamp.
Agree!
Then get off your obstructionist ass and do it Rand.  Your behavior in the ACA ordeal was not becoming of a Senator like you claim to be
You have problem with Rand not wanting to give $billions to insurance companies already making record profits. Do you work for McConnell?
Why don't you give an exact savings figure to each company and have them present how they will help their workers and community with the $$$
We hear "job creators" say they need tax breaks to hire workers but they pay less than living wage and just keep the money for CEO's
So if you say that companies & top 1% need breaks to help economy, then how will they help?
Because honestly, not a single CEO or elected official has any clout to make any promises to the general public about you helping us
We are the workers that do the actual work and we're tired of being lied to by suits... We don't want promises, we want a fair shot at life
And no matter the article, don't retweet Breitbart... You're embarrassing yourself
Even after shunned by voters he's still faithful and true.
So you’re with Bannon now? True colors... Sad....
Cut taxes for those that pay taxes. It’s simple math.
AMIN.
How dumb do you think we are??
When the wealthy have capital too; they don’t stuff it in a mattress. They invest it & then more get jobs which means more tax payers.
Some do. Some move it offshore and invest in other countries.
Not if we have COMPETITIVE corporate tax rates; they’ll invest here, making our US commerce world go round & round
Our workers cannot compete against workers in Indonesia. Everyone likes a pithy solution but real life is complex. Our solutions must be too

Rand why can't we move the earned income credit to the welfare system.
You will find away to screw it up
Why don't you do your fucking job and serve the people? We the people didn't put you in office so you could live a life of luxury!
You are the best! I appreciate that you always stand up for what is right.
All these argument like job creation,boost the economy etc.... are all fireworks for entertainment and distraction.
“no one should pay MORE in taxes than before we started...”
Cut govt spending in half - for all.
Paul realistically we are Broken,we can't afford tax cut currently.we cannot pull out the money from the market to put it in private pockets
Brietbart Press is a neo Nazi alt-alt right rag & shouldn’t be given the time of day, unless you ARE a racist Nazi fascist
Technically, you mean. Realistically, this is far from it. Before cutting any taxes, first stop the military bleed from fake wars for profit
The #FairTax would reduce taxes for the vast majority of Americans
#FAIRtax treats everyone equally. It is the ONLY #taxreform with a monthly tax credit refund. Read the detail http://bit.ly/29e3MlZ  #MTFA 
I afraid at the end middle class will pay more. They are not willing to cut spending so someone should be a tax lifestock...
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dGnFcmHH7t4 … This is what Senator Rand Paul is talking about people.
Abolish the IRS!
Yup!!!
50% of americans don’t pay taxes right now
Dude. #FAIRtax
Flat tax rate for all. 

Too many Pols seem to think the middle class does not want to grow their income & join the Rich Club.
.@RandPaul .@BreitbartNews we need a sensible estate tax.
AMEN!
That's nice. How do you pay for it?
Go fuck yourself.
Close the loopholes!
You are just an obstructionist! All you do is help the Dems.
How about the FAIRtax Senator Paul? Let’s have real reform!
Raise taxes on all! And provide incentive based tax credits through volunteerism and donating.
You lose credibility when you tweet Breitbart
And retweeting CNN is a better idea.
Mr. Paul, u should be the president. And would have been IF u were more aggressive against hillary like trump was.Y weren't u?
美国白宫打算几时给我Greencard
#TaxationIsTheft #AbolishTheIRS
But really block tax reform for any! The Rand Paul way!
How are we going to address the deficit? Cutting taxes for all will mean less support for the middle/lower class and more debt for America.
Lone voice crying in the wilderness. 
No. No tax cuts for wealthy. Try to convince us Mnuchin needs a tax cut. Wealthy don't pay their fare share now.
So, the middle class Americans that run small businesses don't?
I've a better idea.  Tax fairly and reasonably and have universal healthcare #democraticlandslide
Graduated Tax System is a form of socialist taxation, my view.
Keep telling you guys, Flat 10 no deductions, No entitlements and on a postcard as promised. Done. If you have 19 kids or 1 you pay the same
I should I pay more because I made a different life choice of not having more children? And make the same amount. Makes no sense.
Not to worry. I think when Dems get the White House they'll pass a law for children only by lottery to curb climate change. Or by treaty.
First rule of politics and media never share a brietbart article it's purely propaganda.
How can you support a child tax credit increase but be against single payer healthcare? Parents should pay less for their choice?
I am with you
Thanks Rand. My new family is in the crosshairs on this one & I expect a big tax increase (~$5+k). Would love to talk details with your team
Where did it lower the rate on the poorest? Pure lies.
Laws are supposed to be equal for all! That includes Congress who all must be on Obamacare now? Right! They are all hypocrites and liars.
?
I want a plan that taxes business on revenue and leads to end personal tax when national debt is retired.
Economy grows best when middle class is the actual focal point and not just a talking point.
But also equally important, cut spending.
Well said...
