Man, I wish Rand would have won the ReBLOODlican Primary... He'd have also beaten Crooked Hillary and at least We'd have a sane president.
Thanks 4 all u do, Rand. We're praying 4 u in Texas! Drain the Swamp!
Spite is on the menu. B/c everyone knows when voters reject Bush-globalism, you dig it up & repackage it in a box of fear. 
#FoxAndFriends
Hihi...well described...she has to stay in d limelight.,.she cannot b in darkness for long huh?? Check her motives will you Sen. Paul?
 Corruption is no future to believe in. ppl got it - No more Bushes No More Clintons.
No one in DC ever put a Stop to the #Clinton #Obama TREASON. But now they're trying to Destroy the @POTUS America elected! #ShameOnYou
The trouble with state elections is the lack of choice  at the ballot. In Arizona, it's McCain vs. a super liberal Dem. #rigged
You can Bank on the fact that America who supports Trump is organizing to make sure Pro Trump candidates get into office.



Who updates this table, so curious to know more specifics on how races are prioritized.
These lists have been grabbed over the last few weeks. Follow @Deplorables4US to get current information.
Well thank you for sharing,I like many of names on the list, completely against the wall though.
We all have our opinions and thanks for the follow. I myself am for the wall. That's what makes us American.
AND ALL DEMS IN REPUBLICAN CLOTHING NEEDS TO GO TOO! LINDSEY, RUBIO, FLAKY, MCCAIN
Rand Paul could not be more correct!!

u said it Dr Paul this combination of morons have wrecked havoc on the world wasting our blood & treasure SAY NO 2 NECONS
I believe Bush is and was a RINO commie
It's my patriotic goal to call it like I see it
The worst of all worlds
#DrainTheSwamp
Anyone watching Hearings for long not surprised, surprise would be if they didn't team up.They all hate our President, worse than Reagan
Russia attacked our democracy. The font through which our liberty flows. What must they have on you?
Bipartisanship is code for "I'm a liberal"
How old are you?
Get in a battle of wits with her.  I dare you.  You. Will. Lose.
Go right ahead cause they ARE ALL GOING DOWN FOR CORRUPTION 
So True!  Vote these traitors out of office!
Well it looks like trump is bringing them out in the open now we could start doing the same thing turn the table on them
Totally understandable now that both are losing power and being exposed as the criminals they truly are .
52% of Republicans Apparently Don't Believe in the Constitution http://lawnewz.com/opinion/52-of-republicans-apparently-dont-believe-in-the-constitution/ … via @law_newz
The American government put men on the moon. You can stop sabotaging The ACA and pass the fixes. And not with billions for trump cronies!
Not every country wants the Goldman Sacks  Central Bank rebuild your infrastructure loan package. Look at all the debtors.
How much payola have the Neocons gotten from Ukraine. If Mueller pressures Manafort he'll have half the senate in jail
NO. It's definitely not. We can't do anything without China. Clinton GAVE NK nukes. Obama GAVE Iran sacks of cash and nukes. Don't forget it
Get a life girlfriend. You need to do some research. You've been duped.
Your president is threatening to start a nuclear war, and you're complaining about "Hillary Hawks". #Priorities #RealityCheck
It's pretty real when the sitting president is at a golf course in Jersey, engaging in a game of nuclear chicken with an unstable despot.
If you find the truth disrespectful, perhaps you should ask Mr. Trump to act in a manner that elicits respect.
Neocons are Democrats, And so are you Rand and so was your dad and I don’t care if you call yourself a libertarian. You’re a Democrat
Great, they might as well just form a party or at least an abomination of a coalition.
Maybe I'm bitter, but where was Paul when we really needed him.
Truly sickening. Congress at large needs to be replaced
They will offer more stupidity. We are doomed to repeat past failures for the people don't know history.
You got one job... Legalize #Cannabis federally ASAP  That's it! you're not going to make it another term if you don't #simpleplan
Tool.
Better than GOP teaming up with alt right and psycho trump.
every Day that Republicans & Democrates fool you into believing they are different, is another day of endless war!!!
This woman needs to go away
Anyone else remember when Sen. Paul proposed a $190B increase in defense spending?
Isn't that redundant? Bush neocon and Clintons?
This isn't about North Korea, It's setting American minds to fear Iran by proxy of nuke proliferation.  #MSM is in full war script mode.
It looks like the puppets of the Global Banking Fraternity are circling their wagons.
So disappointing.
This is the deep corrupt state that cannot help but start more wars, no coincidence they are all funded by the military industrial complex
Use valid new sources please...
This is one of those alt right faux news sites the Russians use against US. Mostly opinions and little significant facts.
Give all the clowns the CHAIR fully loaded. They're traitors, greedy, liars & guilty of leaks on purpose.
Too many warhawks in congress....death and destruction is the last option. Not first
& he keeps getting voted in ?
@KamVTV @Rare Time 4 GOP Senate Leadership r u up 4 the task? I don't always agree with u but I believe u r America First
The RINOS & the democRATS, what a lovely bunch of folks. BOO HISSS!
Rest assured, silent majority will vote rino's & never-Trumpers out of office, & we will put in Reps in that will follow our/POTUS's agenda
Which Rep party? You have 3 of them that can't seem to come to a consensus on anything except party before country and their constituents.
I can do better than Donald Trump....
Hey rand are you actually helping?
Non-interventionist GOPers and Democrats in Congress need to come together to form the "America First Caucus" or something to that effect.
Oh look, the Establishment SCUM are removing the veneer of conflict and showing they've always bee in bed together.
That would be a potent and powerful alliance but the left is too busy with "Trump is Hitler". Get back to them after they lose again in 2020
Dude ur party had been hijacked by Putin, aided by a whole team of traitors & u think it's bad that ppl r trying to stand up to them? #sad
Thanks, but no thanks.
how when it seems perfectly ok 2 antagonize Russia w/out any valid evidence 2 warrant ratcheting up of tensions. Sensibility hsbn forfeited
They are all SO SUCK! Messed up, WTH do you people drink in DC? We are going to primary every single SH that doesn't support #TrumpAgenda!
corruption is running amuck in Washington. The politicians are looking for a way to screw the citizens and still get reelect
This isn't news, been happening since 9/11
They are hawkish clinton jews...
Lindsey Graham is a RINO .
Republican In Name Only
Ughhh!!
You actually read this rag!
I'm afraid I was clueless about President George W Bush. I didn't know he and his Father were Globalist Establishment.  So sad!
GOP no longer rep America valus
Stop bickering and #JustDoIt and #GetErDone
I'm looking at your leadership to bring dems and repubs together.  We need national health care now!
The Republic is sick and the people should demand a #SeparationOfPoliticalPartiesfmFromState #FreePressReform  with #ConventionofStates
Time to Vote them OUT ! Stand up and let them know we not gona take it any more ! #MAGA
More neville chamberlain cowbells from @RandPaul to layer cake the blunders of the #ClusterTrump globally.  Republican Idiocracy
You belong right there with them Rand
Senator Rand, your way isn't any better.
Thank you for all you do Senator Paul!
Can we permanently change the name "neocons" to "neolibs" ? They don't even deserve conservative in the title to describe them.
Glad they are coming out of closet now.  Let the voters see them for what they truly are!!
Where is the Tax Reform plan Senator Paul ?
Democracy. People elected them. Majority rules. You happen to be in a minority now. Instead of complaining try educating me why you're right
Neocons are a breath of fresh air compared to the shitstain you're propping up as President.
We don't need you in Congress, that's certain!
We have estab dem & estab Rep. then we have CrapacratReps. A shithouse combination of wannabe socialist scum group.
This is when I agree with Rand ! Neocons & Neoliberals are 2 sides of the same coin.They beat the drum for war 24/7 because it profits them
You can't work together. You can't work with democrats. You can't work with republicans. Maybe YOU don't work.....
They've always been the same group.
You got that right
Agree w you on that one...but you were part of the obstruction.
Clean house
Lindsay Graham and John McCain--quislings.
Imagine my shock. 
Fake news
Is this what I pay your salary for? #Do your job be a leader and stop whining like #Trump, seriously!
N Korea is threatening to nuke us, so I disagree.
Yes that's the biggest irony of them all, the "leftists" working with the neocons.
Whining about what Democrats are up to, now THAT is real leadership
Dems stick together! @realDonaldTrump is stuck @GrahamBlog, @SenJohnMcCain, @JeffFlake, @SenThomTillis, @senrobportman, and @lisamurkowski
Tell me something new.
We see you establishment career out of touch politicians.
Johnny & Lindsay should just COME OUT and admit they're DEMOCRATS. It's not like their actions haven't OUTED them years ago. #DrainTheSewer
They're nothing but globalist trting to push that agenda.
They don't believe in bipartisanship and never will. They need to lose their jobs.
It looks like they are going to get their war. So Reason and Morality, is out the window.
Lindsey here thinks Crooked Clinton is attractive. Tells you all you need to know about GOPe types.
Definitely not shocking.
Deep state never Trumpers. They have one thing in common. $$$ made off public service. Reason they hate Trump.
WHY ARE POLITICIANS RICH & POOR ARE STILL POOR? ISN'T IT FUNNY HOW WELL IT PAYS TO SERVE THE POOR (not cure poverty)! #UNITY #IwillWork4Free
Amen, Term limits.
AGREED! TERM LIMITS ARE GREAT TOOLS! As long as we have the option to reinstate those elected who proved themselves GREAT! #UNITY #REFORM
Amen
Given the picture of Graham with Hillary, I thought it was a "coming out" announcement
So true Rand. Money talks.  War hawks have ruined the middle east & made it more dangerous. Just leave them alone to fight among themselves
Whenever I hear the phrase "bipartisan" I always know it's the same old hacks. Hello, we're on to you folks! You're not fooling us anymore!
Better yet, demonstrate some "good" bipartisanship yourself!
It's the kind of bipartisanship that racks up 20 trillion in debt.
I think we need NONpartisanship.  Political parties should be banned.
I was unaware they were different
Only if youre a globalist on the Military Industrial Complex's payroll.
Hey Rand????  You have a mad person as POTUS provoking a war with another mad person!!!  No one gives a shit about you in-fighting
Grand Old Party or Hot Air Party ?
United we stand."divided we fall. Never been so disappounted in Bush family I supported in elections.
DISGUSTING!
Neocons destroyed the Rep and they are still at it refusing to repeal Obamacare and work with Potus!
Repubs have had seven years....and this POTUS is too busy watching TV. Health care was too complicated for him....remember?
If both Dems and GOP cant fix ACA or do real tax reform, then Americans have pure taxation without representation.  Change is needed.
Not shocking at all. The elite democrates - 3 stooge's came out this morning; Schumer, McCain, Feinstein now Hillary and Graham. Had 8 yrs??
Haven't they always  been 1? Nuttin but optics?
WE are going to VOTE them all out. Please  let them know WE can not wait for Nov 2018!
Rand we've heard the insects are plentiful in the wilderness
By allowing the criminals to slide, they are made stronger to fight another day! Think about it!
Plenty of low tax, prolifers like me are globalists for intervention in the world and favor immigration.  Sincerely, Middlesboro KY
Of course part of this is on Trump admin, for being so awful at foreign policy that neocon/neolib policy looks better by comparison.
Stop adding to problems with bullshit. I've totally lost respect for you now. Do your job. Help us unite not divide. WAKE UP!!!!
Clinton Democrats + Bush Neo-Cons = Establishment Swamp
Hmm...so none of the voters who supported you are neocons?  I am and don't appreciate the insult.
We "DEPLORABLES" are WAKING UP! If they can't see that, then SHAME on them! Time to TAKE OUR COUNTRY BACK! 2018 is NEAR! SEND THEM HOME!
I agree.. im still VERY DISAPPOINTED in ur collaboration w Harris on Bail Reform- only HURTS poor communities!!
Agree! Thank u for your courageous "voice" in DC . Keep up the good work! Praying...
Agree,Sir!
Drain them
There the RINOs go at it again! @RandPaul needs to help us elect the right conservatives. Right now we need good ones in Al,  Az & WI.
We only have the illusion of a 2 party political system
I refused to vote for Clinton or a Bush. Seems like a losers club to me. @JebBush
Exactly why we need #TermLimits NOW! Promises NOT kept! Supposed to be working FOR US! They SOLD US OUT! LESS Gov! 2018 is NEAR! #MAGA! USA!
You had me at Progressive's
This is proof that there are snowflakes that are identical.
Would take that over the current iterations
They are one and the same.
I thought you were smarter than this. My bad.
It is time to rid our country of these people by voting them out before it is too late.
We need a purge of DC ..... we voted Trump to do that now looks like they're going to take him out the purge will happen one way or another
Is this all you have to say
You read  this crap...  Breitbart too? I expected a little better from you,  Senator. This is why the @GOP is no longer credible
Fighting to regain their power and influence. Coffers are running out and they need to replenish their funds.
Seems principal's and value's are easily bought off with promises of power/money in this warped system, accountability to the people, please
ATTENTION ALERT ALERT THEY TEAMIN UP WE MUST NOT LET THE NEOCONS N DEMS WAR MONGOL TOGETHER SEPERATE THESE GOONS NO MORE BUSH ERA NONONO..
This surprises no one in the #Liberty movement. Senator Paul, have considered joining the @LPNational since the @GOP is failing?
They don't want the swamp drained.  Anything to stop Trump.
That is right. Anything to stop Trump. You abandoned your morals to support a man that has lied no less than 500 times recently. Wake up!!!!
What are surprise. These are the creeps, supported by MSM, leading libs and never Trump lemmings by the nose and right over the cliff.
Keep drinking.

You Senators going home for August recess is disgraceful..Get something done..
Literally what do you think hes trying to do
You certainly didn't give a shit about bipartisanship when it came to stripping millions of healthcare, don't act like you care now.
What else is new?
Neoliberals and neocons unite...oh no!  we're screwed,  trillions of tax dollars so a private army can burn half the world for a profit
Yep, it's crazy to watch in realtime. War is always their answer.
#StandWithRand
17 years ago I realized this was a thing. Reason I voted Trump.
So you think he's not in bed with the neocons and the generals right now? 
These guys never give up, do they?
#Hi #ImMrMeseeks #LookAtMe
Rand knows this better than anyone, the NeoCons and Dems have always been one in the same
..however it's the ONLY bipartisanship we're going to get.
The best way to end the Russia investigation is to nuke DC!
It seems like this was always the case.

The Seventeenth Amendment robs states of their most notable constitutional check on federal lawmaking. http://fdrl.st/7u9 

I vow never to vote for a Renegade Jacobin 17th Amendment Senator ever again Unless it's for @RandPaul.
You and Bernie appear to be bipartisan puppets of Putin.
This is how we are feeling these days...2018 Elections are right around the corner, we are pissed, and we Vote.
This sickens me
I not fear Anything about dangerous around us.
They are the uniparty, infiltrated both. Trump crashed that party.
It's almost like you weren't paying attention to the 2016 election
Down with the war hawks!
Instead of trying to keep all sides apart Rand, try something different. Try to work together as a group. Stop your petty behavior. You kids
need to grow up. Remember who hired you. Who you work for. If you really believe in USA then dang nabbit DO YOUR JOB as an ADULT,
