Sir.  I respect your desire to hold strong but u can't do it alone. Get what u can and keep refining it after the fact.
Surprise Surprise! You oppose things on principle, let's see if the voters agree?
Senator Paul is not a team player. Sometimes incremental steps are called for. If you can't get it all at once take it out bit by bit.
And a no vote leaves Barry Care in place. After Sept. 30 it no longer takes a simple majority to pass.
Short of beating  on live tv, Rand is virtue signaling a 'No'  vote on healthcare. We hand GOP an historic win, they return obstruction,
The GOP are hopelessly divided. There will be no compromise to further MAGA  1st. The only thing our elected leaders agree on are recesses
Oh,  you're such a patriot. Really, really, you are.  Supporting a traitor to US really IS what love of country is about, right?
Traitor to US is unique to your beloved O  who  bowed to foreign leaders, made covert Iran deals w billions transported in cover of darkness
I agree Senator, stay strong!
Let it fail
Give them hell!
Senator RAND Paul needs to stop acting like the only perfectionist in the world. Get on board the Trump train and shut up.
Can Rand at least make an effort to take a step forward? Purists were fine on the Mayflower but we need a healthy dose of realism in 2017.
Trump and Republicans did promise full repeal
Then keeping ObamaCare is on Rand and the rise of Single Payer as well.
You guys must be twinkies. Your response was word for word the same. What's the odds of that? Repeal was promised so repeal
Nothing from Graham could be good for anything besides his political career
You could have said it any better
You can't get repeal idiots get us state choice
The enemy of a good plan is the search for a perfect plan.
Except you voted yes for partial and skinny. You'll vote yes here, too.
Ah, so you'd rather keep Obamacare?
No ACA repeal
Graham will never do anything that is good 4 Americans. He is a Rhino! He does what's best for his personal self interest & socialist party!
Here we go again. Same s..t different deadline.
Anything is better than what we have now! Vote Yes! @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @SenateGOP @SenJohnMcCain
Thank you for NOT supporting this terrible bill.
He may not "support" it but he'll damn sure vote for it.
Will you @RandPaul. Will you sell your soul?
I love u, but come on and give us something other then O care
You need to be repealed out of Congress
Obstructionists, like rand Paul, are the reason I left the Republican party earlier this year.
You being a RINO Know that you will vote no. You want single payer like your libertarian dad.
RAND PAUL AND GOP ARE DISGUSTING AMERICAN SHITBAGS.
stop your sniveling, your looking pretty sad these days
Rand Paul wants to force Americans to keep obamacare
Trump just said your negative thinking  respond
Paul Ryan is a joke and a loser
Get over yourself Rand sign it and introduce something better next session. Obamacare is dying people need certainty of coverage.
You have no idea how badly this pisses me off The ACA is the biggest loss of freedom ever and ur no vote will guarantee its survival waytogo
Explain that statement Mikey. How is ACA biggest loss of freedom?
We shall see when the votes are counted.
You're a pretty terrible person tbh but I do support your opposition, even if it is for the wrong reasons.
Why is Jason's picture here, but nothing from him?
If we do not repeal the mandates by Sept 30, 2017, they will exist forever.
Rand, we've got to start somewhere...
It's a good start gwtbthe ball going with something that this @GOP can pass geez!
A 'no' vote's still a 'no' vote, even if your reasons are not what the good people of KY, who love Kynect, really want. Listen to them.
Once again Rand I agree with 100%.
At least when you tweet your opposition to a bill, I don't have to go reread it to see if I agree
Well , your selfishness will cause us to be stuck with Obamacare garbage. You  and your. cohorts should be required to have it !!
Better to obey Reagan, who said,"if I can get 70 to 80 % of what I am trying 2 get I'll take it & continue trying 4 the rest in the future."
Once again, paging Sen.Rand Paul party of one.
Stop being an obstructionist! You can always offer Amendments, but do u really want to do NOTHING and give ammo to the Dems 4 single payer?
1/2 loaf is better than none.  It is a pipe dream that Obummercare will ever totally be repealed  U R HURTING US  STOP IT  VOTE YES
Impossible get 50 votes 4 total Repeal but @ least last try help working class rather nightmare 1 HC Sander. Support 45th!
Not caring why some opposes this travesty of a bill as long as they vote against it.
Either get on board or get something else that more than you and your cronies can get behind....we need to get something done now #doyourjob

I and most Americans do not want Obamacare repealed, because the GOP bills are worst for Americans
-YOU ARE NARCISSISTIC. YOU OPPOSE ANYTHING THAT DOESNT HAVE YOUR NAME ON IT.
The problem for the GOP is it's not mean enough.  Knocking tens of millions off healthcare is only a little of what they want to do.
Their healthcare is a market share whereby / They don't care if u get sick or if u die https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdPSQDKXy0s … #noGrahamCassidy #ACA #Resist
The bill would end attempts at single payer, because once the money for healthcare is out of the hands of the federal government and given
Does Graham ever put together a reasonable bill ?
The lives of millions are in your hands. Do the right thing or the blood of millions will be there instead.
And we're supposed to believe fox news and you?
Anything associated (much less sponsored by) @LindseyGrahamSC  is not in the people's best interest! I sit in opposition with you @RandPaul
Why can the Dems vote in unison and the Reps can`t? Quit playing politics and repeal  ACA completely.

Have voluntarily surrendered your free healthcare your peers corruptly voted for themselves?
Doesn't oppose it, just kills millions of Americans. Rand Paul would add millions more deaths with his plan. Get out! GOP, you're Fired!
If you can't repeal, tear it apart!! Give us less expensive health care, not "insurance" that is both expensive and hard to use!!
R you Not smart enough to realize that a no vote will continue Obamacare mandates? Yes vote 1st (& not last) step taking it apart.
What an embarrassment to the Republican Party Rand Paul has turned out to be. Only another obstructionist.
Good lord, you oppose everything, Senator. Nothing is ever good enough for you. You'd rather go off the cliff with your flag flying. #DrNoJr
Never thought I'd be so glad to have Rand around
Until the Senate and Congress have to actually use the healthcare they create we're still going to get screwed in healthcare
We suffer why the @SenateGOP does nothing..The premiums don't stop while you diddle.Put yourselves on Obamacare & stop the idiocy.#Liars
Support POTUS' agenda! If you lose house or senate, you will not get ANYTHING done! House, Senate & Presidency....really?! No excuses!
You obviously never played a team sport.
Please, Sen.Rand..don't let your 'perfect' destroy 'good,'!  Graham-Cassidy will move us out of GRIDLOCK! So necessary!
Oregon Governor announced free abortions , just perfect . As I said before this is a fight for the soul of this Country  We The People
Rand, get on board we need this . Be a good solider , it's a beginning
If you wanted it repealed then why was there no replacement plan  after 7 years to come up with one
Full, unrestricted competitive free markets Let small businesses compete across state line!
Better start thinking about use if the same Healthcare you Guys Give We The People, as we will ask President Trump to give you the same!!!!
Anyone can obstruct. Legislate, Legislate pass healthcare, Tax Reform, investigate Clinton, Rice, lynch, Podesta, Seth Rich Murder.#SethRich
No Republican has echoed Repeal, then Fix the Medical industry laws, please no Gov. run Healthcare Congress has Failed US, Vote them out !!!
This is your last chance to do something if U fail then bend over here comes socialized medicine. And uU will be blamed for this senator
Obama Care was Called Unconstitutional by every Republican 7 yrs ago, now you have the ability to kill it (Gross dereliction of duty) !!!!!!
https://twitter.com/starcrosswolf/status/909875175377666048 … mm
LETS BE CLEAR. Robert Mueller is Costing YOU. 100K a day for 17 Lawyers. 45K a day in Staff. 30K a day Operational Costs. $175,000.00 A DAY 
Glad you oppose it. Nearly 1/3 of US is over 50. How the hell is it justified to charge 5x more for HC?If you're poor or sick,fuhgedaboudit.
Trump needs the EO that puts all Congress criminals and staff under Obamacare. Exempt, y'all will never give a shit.
Graham never wanted ocare repealed neither did Mccain. Establishment likes ocare.  We need it GONE NOW!
Rand I've been an enthusiastic supporter of yours for years. But this time, we need to repeal Obamacare! Please
Senator, you are a sincere and smart man. Do not oppose, propose. Put wind in the sail, do not fold it.
if I were starving and all you could give me was candy....but you would not b/c it was bad for me... Principles.
Contingent oppose until repubs get enough courage to repeal.
Repeal!!!  Lindsay has no courage. Bandwagon compromise.
Who are we kidding? When moment of truth arrives. @RandPaul will vote yes on this bill. #Transparent #Posturing
You oppose everything.  Your agenda isn't what people want. Think monkey. Think!
Which means you will vote No and thus guaranteed we have Obamacare till it dies.
It's a start. Of course you don't care how bad what we have now is, because you and your cronies got special dispensation and opted out.
Stand strong Sen Paul our country and principles are at stake.  Keep setting the correct example in doing what is right.
Sen. Paul: While you & your family enjoy a #Congress exemption from Obamacare, we're paying 20K/yr O-Care premiums plus 12k/yr deduct. #MAGA
Please run again in 2020 Rand. And this time stick to your guns.
you guys better repeal it or look for another job.
C'mon Rand, this bill will repeal 80% of obamacare and will get rid of the mandate. Get it off the American peoples back!!~ Please 
Gotta see the big picture. Small victory beats another defeat every time.
Get your thumb out of your a... & get this done for once and for all.
Its a damn start.  Stop being so damn belligerent....we need this 1st step!
All 100 Senators should vote no on this bill! All health plans will cover substantially less if enacted, not just plans on the exchanges.
@RandPaul is just pissed off he didn't get elected President along with all the dweebs that lost to the @POTUS. Get over it
tell em to quit messing around
Oh god , here we go again
It's not nearly enough, but don't let the (impossible to get passed) great be the enemy of the good (repealing mandates, state control).
Time to go paul
Republicans in congress are liars and decievers
Are you in bed with McCain?
We should be sick of this shit from republicans
But, you'll vote for it. What's wrong with you old white guys? And, all of you lie. What's up with that?
Here we go again...nothing will get done on this. I'm sure traitor McCain will oppose it also.
It's our only chance bro. Do it!!
#repealdontreplace 
#freemarkethealthcare
You seem to be happy to keep Obamacare!  Your always on the wrong side of progress!
Rand has done as much as any R to keep the ACA.
Duh. 
Which proposal so far have you supported?
You were against ver 1 asking for just a repeal, then were against that bc it didn't replace
Rand passed the REAL repeal bill last year but Obama vetoed it. Our Republicans are Democrats, these are like no Republicans you ever met.
you mean Obama was gonna veto the Obamacare repeal? And that wasn't common knowledge. Easy when there's no possibility his vote mattered.
When the repeal was actually going to get signed, though...
Again, props to Rand, who doesn't really want KY to lose care, at playing this game.
For the love of GOD man it's better than what we have now!  Can you for ONCE realize Great is the enemy of good. Compromise!
Again if the HC isn't named the Rand Paul Health Care Act he won't vote for anything.
The Stand up and get it done
Dr. Paul, We really like you, but what are your ideas?
But WHO will vote with you?? Not Dems. Not Centrists. Nothing you support will ever pass. Your rigid views are not helping America! 
wow so according to you it's full steam ahead with the failed ACA! What the hell is wrong with this picture. Disgusting
Let's see how he votes! Paul is always against a bill before he is for the bill!
I don't always agree with Paul but he might be the last honest man in Washington. The fact that it's co-sponsored by Graham speaks volumes.
You'll vote for it, that's what you do, talk, talk, talk...
Graham is the lowest of the scum and anything he proposes is a failure from the start.
Stick to ur guns Rand. Congress forgot that they r suppose to represent the people's wishes and not their own!
If the GOP doesnt pass some legislation, Trump will work with Democrats & GOP loses 2018 House. Stop the maverick charade Senator #notMcCain
Like you, appreciate you...please stop looking for the "perfect" start getting things done. We know why you were elected, get things done!!
If Grahams name is attached to anything you know its only to help the establishment subvert President Trump.
Great, then why are you in DC let someone else have that seat so we can get on with #MAGA. Tired of waiting.
Oh whatever, he voted for that BS skinny repeal. I fully expect him to vote for this too
@realDonaldTrump I have never voted dem. I will vote out anyone who does not support the majority of your agenda. @IdahoStatesman
Hope you oppose it tomorrow and the day after
Aww poor little Rand Paul not a team PLAYER.
You are an optometrist, not a physician. Every member of congress should have to be covered by Obamacare, it would be over in a month.
Keep Obamacare and tweak it a bit. Stop trying to repeal and replace because YOU JUST CAN'T FIGURE IT OUT. It's not that difficult!
Paul Is Like McCain Can't Get Over The Fact He Ain't POTUS And Never Will Be !!!!
I Pray you don't win again you are for yourself not America
Are you gonna cave at the end like you did last summer?
You may be correct BUT I'm not sure you can muster the votes to ever repeal OC!!! GO FOR THE BEST YOU CAN GET---
Here comes a DemocRAT Senate in 2018
Agree It just looks like it's O'care pushed down to state level? Need to repeal O'care, allow competition across state lines. FREE MKT SPEAK
You are like a bad dream, a shit team member...remember how Ocare was passed ? I bet you don't...you are like a spoiled child...total f up..
You'll never Repeal this disaster unless you run MCCain out of office
Senator, we already oppose it but I bet you have not sat down at the table with Graham with an amendment.
Why is it so important to pass *anything* that could theoretically be called "repeal," except to erase the legacy of a black President?
Then why not defund it in the tax bill & starve it out afterwards?
HERE WE GO AGAIN. THEN RAND PLEASE PUT SOMETHING FORWARD THAT WILL PUT YOU ON THE GRANDSTAND PLEASE!
Sen Paul is secretly in favor of the ACA. He knows the votes don't exist to repeal it; so he can appeal to his base by saying he is against
You have 12 days. Pass it. It at least helps us some.
Ur all in the OBAMA take from lobby inside
Please actually vote against it this time.
I agree, but how will we ever get the votes to repeal #Obamacare ? #Obama was smart in his transformation to #Socialism #WorstPresidentEver
I want the government totally out of healthcare. I guess Lindsay Graham doesn't here that.Is he deaf or just stupid.
Graham cannot be trusted for anything !!
It's better than nothing!
MUST REPEAL!!!
Why don't you get them to tweak it, then? Political grandstanding = No results at all!!!!
Sen. Paul. U need to get behind this bill. Stop acting like a politician.
Senator, it is better than Obamacare, so vote for it.
Repeals federal mandates, allows states to assume their powers under the 10th Amdmt.  Huge improvement over status quo
Yet you snd all congress tske Ocare exemption
No shit. Lindsey is as liberal as Obama
I guess you want a single payer plan. That's where it's headed. Stop being such an obstructionist! It can be tweaked later.
Is the only way to get rid of obamacare to blow it up? Why unacceptable to dismantle piece by piece?
Way to go Rand...screw Obamacare Lite. This does not cut the costs of Ocare. Repeal DONT REPLACE. 
1 TRILLION IS STILL 1 TRILLION
