The current #healthcarebill does not repeal Obamacare. It does not keep our promises to the American people.
I will oppose the #healthcarebill coming to the floor in its current form, but I remain open to negotiations.
You can do more, let's get moving
There is only a few things which should be governed by the Fed regarding #HealthcareBill All else should be by individual States
#PreexistingCondition ; allowing insurance companies to compete for business across state lines; no lifetime limit of benefits
Every study shows that in the end, single payer is the best, cheapest and most comprehensive program. Benefit the many not the few.
Once thought you were an admirable man. Now I know you're a heartless man, who grew up in privilege & doesn't believe in sharing. Shame.
Healthcare jobs in KY have boom since the inception of (Obama care) PAUL and McConnell have Heath care on us for the rest of their lives !
My33yrOldType1Diabetic/JRA son&37yrOldDisabledByRA+
can'tAffordCompleteRepealOr TheyWon'tHaveANYinsurance PLEASE,ProtectWhatTheyHave VOTE
LOWER. HEALTH. CARE. COSTS.
@SenMikeLee @tedcruz @RonJohnsonWI & @RandPaul better not plan on extracting PORK for their support of ACHA 
Now,  negotiate.
Thank you gentlemen, I would prefer full repeal for the 320 mil that are not Ocare, but the senate bill isnt eve Ocare lyte
If there is not a full repeal than please reject it.
Thank you! We hate the bill for different reasons (I'm a progressive) but nonetheless thank you, Senator Paul! #killthebill !
Do you want to add eugenics?  One of the major "progressive" ideals.  Appeal died with the Nazis but since progressives are back...
You know Nazis were opposite on political spectrum from progressivism/ Democratic socialism?
Right.  Like communists an national socialists.  Funny, national labor protectionism, eugenics, nationalized bank etc...sounds "opposite".
Not saying that the two never agree, but the fundamental difference is that communism focuses on legislating equality while fascism believes
Dude progressives aren't communists 
Not at all trying to say that, just commenting on previous comment. I am a progressive myself and am very much against communism.
"Progress" - move beyond.  "Conserve" - to maintain.  Roe V Wade is status quo.  Isn't it "conservative" to keep it?  We MUST scrap labels.
They are out there! Tax dodging, child support dodging, insurance dodging and hell even work dodging, under the table working citizens.
Some people are just not going to buy it. Just like some people claim 9 dependents on taxes forms and never file at the end of the year.
So what now? I agree w you but something has to be done now! Can't u compromise a little to stop the bleeding? Perfect is enemy of good!
Take your time. Do it right, but if you let another penny of our tax $ fund abortions, those souls are on you for each penny spent.
What about the souls that will die when you take their healthcare away?
Life is a right, healthcare isn't. What part of that is tricky to grasp?
What's tricky to grasp is that you seemingly care about life but don't care that people will DIE when you take their healthcare away!
People's healthcare isn't being taking away, you can't be denied care. Fed law
I #STANDWITHRAND
What I would like to know is, why am I not hearing anything about people who refuse to buy insurance regardless of the affordability!
I pray you all learn to negotiate.
then hurry up and fix it!!! Your killing us out here.  We need help. So work together and get it done already! Please!!
Thank you Senator
Got your 6 @RandPaul. 100%. I'm stuck in WA State, your all I've got for sanity. Fight on for #freemarkethealthcare. #noinsurancesubsidy
I get you, principle and all, but you far left boys better soon get off your principles, the rest of us conservatives are losing patience.
lol where the heck do u get that he's far left? Read the constitution.  Almost every point he makes is based on that.
yeah, I don't know my left from my right, I meant far way too far right, my brain disengaged.
well OK lol. Well the constitution  is what he follows to a large degree. That's not right or left, that's just American
Thank you sir! #StandWithRand
You should say precisely what you oppose.
The more mean the bill the better it is for @RandPaul
Do what you need to do, and write a good bill. Stop talking about it; sit down and come up with good legislation.
But the bill does achieve the GOP goal of #MakeAmericaSickAgain. As a progressive, it pains me to thank you for opposing it, but I do.
Thank you
@SenMikeLee @SenTedCruz @TedCruz @Jeffantra To win, lets standardize data, thwarting liberal demagoguery, w/videos. Speak of "Real Coverage"
Real Coverage = Nominal Potential Coverage Rate adj. for likelihood of its use, based on TOTAL affordability of premium, copay, deductible.
And once we standardize on that metric, compare three columns:  
FREE MARKET, TRUMP, OBAMACARE .. adjusting for the shift attendant to FM.
We had "free market." I almost went bankrupt because of pre-existing and outrageous premiums. But by God, let's go back to the bad old days.
Abd it was your right to choose not to get coverage before you found out abou your condition. And it is my right to not buy HC at all
Yeah, my right as a 25 year type one diabetic. No choice at all.
1960s: people bought health insurance for catastrophic - not routine - cases.  What happened? We cannot afford illegals AND socialism.
I dunno, maybe doctors stopped taking chickens as payment for services rendered.
PLEASE, PLEASE support the bill, nothing is perfect, I NEED cost relief NOW
You're not going to get cost-relief with the Senate Bill. It's just a toned down version of Obamacare.
Mr. Paul, I know u will not respond to this tweet & i do respect your reasons. I cannot believe you and others wld hurt us. Is this bill...
Better than Obamacare? If it is better for us over Obamacare then your honor is to the American people. Sometimes 75% is better than 100%.
Good for you! Stand strong. #IStandWithRand
The first to complain but the last to offer suggestions. If not part of the solution you're part of the problem!
Uh, where have you been? Rand Paul has solutions on ObamaCare and has had them for years.
There is no way to lower costs except to lower compensation to providers.  Are we ready and willing to do that?
Really need to start calling it the health insurance bill instead of health care bill. Simple minded people can't tell the deference
Ideological differences aside, I commend you for doing what so few are doing: Taking your actual constituency into consideration.
I agree  100% we won the WH, both houses & were promised #FullRepeal not revised Obamacare. We elected these bozo's they pander 2 left
Clearly it is not EVIL ENOUGH for you
Rand Paul doesn't think the new Trump Weathcare plan is mean enough. Evil soul
In case we didn't have enough reasons:
I hope to God you all halt any cuts to our disabled and seniors! That's not why we voted for POTUS.
Stand tall Rand,  you've got the control to make it a great bill!
Repeal Obama care now
you all had 7 years of good insurance to come up with a plan, while the voters suffered unaffordable insurance, lpss of jobs and income
So what you're saying is you sort of oppose it but you'll probably get on board & join the merry GOP band ripping health care from millions
Obamacare will take away healthcare from everyone on it because it was designed to fail. GOP had plenty of time to fix it but haven't.
Then do your part to FIX IT. Just saying you "oppose it" isn't problem solving. Action is.
He CAN'T fix it!  There's a reason his bill would never pass. He's just sabotaging everyone even our President because he can't get his way!
You never r. All u and MCcain, Graham etc r not true republicans.  U  r democratics under the rep. flag. So any plan will get shot down.
McCain and Graham yes. U are mistaking a constitutional libertarian for a dem. We need a government full of guys like senator paul
The only way ACA should be repealed, considering it is incredibly popular w/ Americans, is replacing it w/ single payer. Ready for that Rand
Incredibly popular??? On what planet?
On planet Earth, where polls show ACA is one of the most popular government programs, & the majority of Americans do not want it repealed.
Same pollsters that guaranteed a Hillary win, no doubt.
I see by your tweets you are just as intolerant as I assumed. I don't have patience with trolls. Learn to read & you'll learn the truth
Thank you Senators Lee & Paul & Cruz 4looking out 4us!please all of you sit down &take out bad &add what we need 2Repeal & Replace OBAMACARE
And if nothing is done? Then what?
Work together to get something done!   needs to be multiple carriers to choose from in every state.get rid of AMA influence in healthcare
GOP should 1) cut mandate 2) let insurance companies sell coverage outside of ObamaCare rules 3) let ACA death spiral on - its Obama's fault
except for the fact that it was the republicans who stopped the Cost sharing measures, which is whats causing companies to leave.
Democrats passed ObamaCare and made it exactly how they wanted it. The left owns skyrocketing premiums+no choice for catastrophic coverage.
Republicans are playing politics with peoples lives, Republicans slash a VITAL part of the ACA out of it, then blame Obama when it fails.
Was it perfect? No, but for the last 6 years, republicans REFUSED to make any changes, any cooperation to fix parts, to win 2016 election
ACA is a draconian anti-choice law w/skyrocketing premium. GOP was wise to not preserve it. If Ford builds a bad car, is it Honda's fault?
Well. Democrats love you now. Keep Obamacare! Dems are with you!
If you can't comprimise without compromising your principles, you have no businesses being in office, let alone being married.
Why don't they expand Medicaid &Medicare lower Medicare age to 62 instead of 35B to insurance, fund Medicare by removing the SS tax ceiling
Because it's not mean enough. 
Senator, then urge the Repubs to have hearings and start the amendment process.
Sad use the TRUMP bill and tell Ryan this is not his job.
Good luck, Rand --- let's hope they come to their senses and FIX the bill!  You are right -- government really has no business in healthcare
@tedcruz What the hell are you doing? Get the damn bill passed! NOW! The 4 of you are killing ppl! We can't afford our doctor bills! @POTUS
please work together and fix this, my family receive no subsidies or through our employers, just lost our insurance because of Obamacare
No you didn't.
How do you know? Some would rather pay the penalty than pay the ever increasing costs...
Because egg bots don't have health insurance?
Tell us what, exactly, are you against. We want to know what the so called, variety of reasons, are. We want the DETAILS.
This is how you represent your people and not just @realDonaldTrump! @SenToomey you could learn a thing
You guys need to get it figured out.....like they say...#EverybodysReplaceable & #Americans are sick of do Do Nothing politicians
Because it doesn't go far enough! You're sick!!
STOP SABOTAGING THE HEALTHCARE BILL!  YOUR BILL WOULD NEVER WORK. AFTER 6 YEARS YOU KNOW THAT! BYE-BYE!  YOU WILL BE VOTED OUT!!!
Thank you senators, for having the guts to stand up to your party. True Statesmen are hard to come by. #RepealDontReplace

Senator there are those of us who are SUFFERING NOW under Obamacare! What are we supposed to do-continue to suffer while you screw around?
I hope you vote against it!
Mike Lee's Op Ed piece today was very helpful. I STAND BEHIND YOU SAYING NO 2 BAD McConnel BILL. I love @POTUS b/ this bill not the answer.
Nothing to fix.
Gov't shouldn't be in the HC biz.
FULL REPEAL PLEASE.
Well Sir How about You Guy's Quit Winning Get On The BALL and Get Something Done , We The Real American People are Sick and Tired
Senator what part of the polling numbers do you not get. The citizens do not want you messing with their healthcare or getting rich on it.
Lee and Cruz helped right it.

Please spare us your dramatics and actually do something about the snakes in your party.
*write
Senator, please wait until ObamaCare collapses so the country can see it won't work.  Then, Draft law to replace.
Ur for the  democrats anyway anything Trump works on ur against
U McCain Cruz don't like the fact trump blew u away
Hey senator...we are being crushed and forced to pay for healthcare we can't afford to use. Get something done
The bigger issue that will bankrupt/kill folks is pre-existing conditions and lifetime limits
They apparently oppose it because it doesn't cut off enough poor people.
Now negotiate with your colleagues in congress!  Also it's a good idea to add that all congress will need to use this healthcare too
Mid terms will fix these hold outs, they are not with the GOP
stop being a democrat shill. Do right thing for everyday Americans and not yourself! Pass healthcare and tax reform. make tweaks later!
get on it!!! 350,000,000 reasons to get to work...
You can reduce costs, but Americans must STILL HAVE COVERAGE as well. It doesn't work to pay for a policy that doesn't cover anything.

Make it right, guys
I'm a Conservative but I'm also a realist.  I read YOUR bill and there's nothing to protect people with pre-existing conditions!
Make Medicare-For-All the sole coverage for politicians.
Watch the improvements and funding magically appear.
Then help get it closer. Can't give everyone free healthcare Geeze
Gag me! U R your father be a Republican we don't need you grandstanding we need u to vote! Get over U and support a bill that is 4  Health
tell me you are not a pretend Christian are you? Most Rs are fake Christians but if you believe you WILL burn in hell for killing thousands
Of course you do!!
Your a fool! No wonder Kentucky has meth epidemic.! Vote for the health bill now! You will be fired next if you dont.
Opposing is easy. What amendments will you propose?
Halt any cuts to our disabled and seniors! That's not why we voted for the POTUS.We give entitlements to illegals, don't slap us in the face
Oh, let's be clear, you think this bill doesn't go far enough in harming and killing the average American. You want to ruin us completely.
No Wealthcare !!
Fix it, and get it done!!
Now is the time to have a bipartisan group heck the whole senate work this out to help people that need the coverage if you work but ur own
Cruz wrote the bill. This is just pre-staged drama - a token amendment will be accepted from you three actors, followed by yes votes.
Have to say though, people who voted you in deserve exactly this from you. Fairly instant karma.
HealthcareStocksAre-
InsuranceCo.sLike RINOcare!
AsMuchAs-ACA
ClearlyRINOs R KeepingTheirDonors Happy
RINOcareUnaffordableAsACA
You don't replace a bad law with a worse law.
Come on! Rand, come up with a plan. You guys have to get it together! This is ridiculous. Don't oppose it publicly until talks are over.
BTW, KEEP IN MIND 'ACCESS TO HEALTHCARE' doesn't mean we'll be able to obtain it. #IAmAPreexistingCondition
Not draconian enough?
Yes, Americans need lower insurance costs, but please ensure those with #preexistingconditions also have adequate and affordable coverage
Insurance companies do not need the $15 billion.
You lie Rand Paul!!!!
Is actually healing sick people part of the promise? No ACA and cheap insurance that covers little and few kills a lot of people in KY
You four and the rest of you that do not agree are wasting your time and our money
Thank you
Job 1 should be to get rid of the mandate!
We know this is a joke if Cruz is with you.  He was 1 of the 13 that wrote this atrocious monstrosity. Watch your back.
Obstructionism from 2 Pres. canidates who cried loudest about the obstructionist in office.
It is a draft. Discuss & revise it, if you don't like it.
Allow competition on the open marketplace!!! #healthcare
I would like to bring my children and grandchildren to the meeting on this new healthcare plan. So they can knew why I die and the Americans
if repealed than what exactly happens next? the Dems will not support this neither will some Republicans. So Obamacare continues.
Get us a good product please
Thank you! Stand your ground.
Your no better than that bastard in North Korea holding the whole country hostage for your own agenda
I agree senator
Most don't want an Obamacare replacement. Most want a complete repeal and return to the private open market.
'Bout time u #dickweeds in DC stop screwin' around and get something done. Obamacare was crap from the start.

#MAGA or #GTFO of the way!
we thank the lord every day, sir, for your wise & responsible leadership. please get them to repeal obamacare in its entirety immediately.
then lets at least get a head count as to who doesnt want it repealed so that we can run real conservatives vs them in 2018
Pass the bill, get something done
But...you'll vote for it anyways because Mitch gets what he wants
Thank you!!
you are part of the deep State meisser and you need to be replaced
You're darn tootin' right, Rand! This #HealthcareBill still doesn't hurt/kill/maim nearly enough Americans! #ACA #AHCA #Trumpcare
Thank you Rand Paul!!
STICK IT TO THEM RAND! Until something addresses the rising costs any plan just shifts the bucket our money is raped into
1st bill's pre-existing cond rule was perfect, but ppl needed to know. 30% 1 yr surcharge after >2 mos no covg: ppl wld love it. Publicize.
Senator Paul, Millions of Americans now have affordable insurance with ACA. Please vote no on AHCA. Americans deserve more that a rush job.
Thank you so much for being so dedicated to the well being of the American people.
So you aren't supporting the bill because it doesn't hurt or kill enough people?  Good to know where you stand.
Why the hell are you a Senator, sir? Really? All you do is OBSTRUCT, OBSTRUCT, OBSTRUCT. You make silly innuendo statements regularly. Clown
because somebody has to try and keep a check on the feds and remind them there is a constitution we must follow. I wish we has 99 more like
Not bad enough for you,  right? Doesn't hurt enough people,  right?
You're just looking for favors for your vote. Put America first and get this done.
Maybe it's time the 1% pays the 99% for making them all sick? Pollution, War, High Fructose Corn Syrup, Pesticides, GMOs, Poverty, Stress
What good is getting insurance for $1 a day if you can be dropped for #preexistingconditions most everyone has? #AHCA #AHCAKills @GOP
Not mean enough for ya??
Get the Govt out of our #healthcare
Though I disagree with the bill from the other ideological side, I've always found Rand Paul to be principled and respect that.
Can you imagine @tedcruz not voting for this? Lol. That pussy whipped.
Come on guys. We need to make things happen while we can. Y'all are just wasting time. Precious time
"For a variety of reasons"

Ah the wonderful transparency of a GOP controlled government. Swamp draining and such...
Make it right and pass it Obamacare killing us please join in and work together get it done @tedcruz
Oh so u read the bill in 10m?
Um you'll hold out for exactly [insert desired news publicity time here]
It cuts the mandate. That's enough for me.
So why haven't you proposed exactly how to do that then instead of just complaining since you seem to know so much!
Looks like crazy Ted has caved?  I knew he would...I just knew it!!!
Who's responsible for keeping in these crappy provisions?
To be fair, healthcare costs are low if you no longer have the option for any healthcare.
THANKS FOR STANDING TALL >> @RandPaul @SenTedCruz @SenMikeLee << 
#FullRepeal

Cowards > @GOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan  
cheaper insurance is less coverage and issue shifts to people can't afford healthcare, same result as insurance is too expensive
Yep, it's RINOcare all over again.  We need a conservative solution.  FREE MARKET.  No gov't in our healthcare.
You forgot the part about reaching out to Dem colleagues to offer them the opportunity to make amendments, as they did for @GOP with ACA.
Thank you! Please explain this to the President! I know he means well but he doesn't get it. We need full repeal-better for everyone!
I salute you sir. Take care of our ladies, respect the elderly, give succor to the poor. That's what I was taught. #HealthcareBill does not
Thank you!
How about getting out of healthcare ins. and start lowering the amounts doctors, hospitals and pharmaceutical cos charge! That would help!
The real markup on healthcare is in the high salaries and exorbitant annual bonuses of insurance CEO's.
And Congress, All WDC should be on same plan
Of coarse you're so much better than everyone else.  Forbid you should actually try to help to get anything passed.
There is no way to lower healthcare costs while its controlled by a private hands

its too big a conflict of interest to be done #ForProfit
#WinchesterCathedral #SMITHWESSON #ATAR @OTTHOUSE @OTTDS #NEILIA @BrownsStores #TIMMYS #KIDSFUNERALS #BEVINS @heroinstitute #ENDTHEDRUGWAR
Your goals are not the majority of Americans goals! Hope your tiny corner of the US will  not punish you for being an obstructionist
translation: this bill does not go far enough 2 hurt the poor, sick & rural to give to the rich & healthy. it is too generous, so we vote no
Good Lord, Senator.  Please do what u can to get gov't out of healthcare.  Move to shrink gov't, not give it permanent hold on 1/6 economy.
Please move to Zimbabwe no government intervention at all.  You would be real happy I'm sure.
What the heck! We voted for this big change and gave all 3 branches to republican.  REPEAL IT!  Get the govt OUT of it
Make it work @RandPaul
Can not leave it the way it is
Why would Lee and Johnson want to become damaged goods like you and Cruz ???
ever c crazy off meds or sick with nuthin to lose anymore? trash ahc bill or WILL GET BAD 4 ALL. U KNOW THIS. more poor than rich, THINK
MAYBE TAKE MONEY FROM CONGRESS CHECKS, NOT WORKING 4 ALL PEOPLE ,DONT DESERVE HIGH PAY. PUT IT IN BUDGET NOT POCKETS. STOP 4GETTIN POOR
I wish the GOP looked more like Rand Paul and Trump, then it would be a great party!
If you've read anything previously on the GOP objections, they are often that the AHCA doesn't go far enough in removing benefits.
Oh bullshit. He'll vote for it. This is just posturing.
Fed Gov is good at opposing w/out finding the answer, Get to WORK and fix it.
Quit obstructing, you can tweak later with addendums.
