Rand I respect you. But your dream bill will never happen. You have two choices. Keep Obamacare & kill an entire agenda or Vote Change.
Or let #Obamacare Implode! I vote this so there are NO bailouts & we return to #FreeMarket
Nothing better than reaching lifetime cap midway thru cancer treatment, a random cancellation or no coverage for pre-existing conditions.
Almost like a medical board deciding to stop all treatment because of costs/benefit analysis.
I haven't read much about the phenomenon, do you have some links to cases where this happened.  I'd like to know.
It's the purpose of the Consent and Capacity Board in Canada.
I'm in Canada right now clown, my father at 86, just had cancer surgery with 1/2 the wait time that he would have had at Vanderbilt..asshat
I'm glad for him. It doesn't change the purpose of the CCB. I'm in North Carolina my dad had cancer surgery same day the cancer was found
STOP WATCHING AND LISTENING TO:
I hope our elected public servants will get over themselves and their egos and work together for the good of THE PEOPLE of this country.
... and repeal that God-awful Obamacare!!
Healthcare is an undeniable human right. You and @GOP would rather appease the pharma & ins co lobbyist putting money in your pockets. Evil.
That's crazy! A right is something the govt cannot take away from you, e.g. free speech, freedom to worship, etc.
"LIFE, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness" is a well-known phrase in the United States Declaration of Independence.
The phrase gives three examples of the "unalienable rights" which the Declaration says have been given to all human beings by their Creator
and which governments are created to protect. Health care is LIFE. It is a fundamental right in this country.
That is so dishonest--you are reinterpreting our founding documents to fit your insidious, socialist agenda. Shame on you!!
I didn't interpret anything. Just quoted the Declaration. But I'd argue conservative views are based on interpretation just as much.
So done with these Trumpian types. I can't even want to be civil. But thank you and your patience! 
How do I get your health insurance. You will be voted out when people realize what a cruel game you are playing. Shame on you!!
I think we should start garnishing Democratic public office holders wages to pay for people like aunt who they hurt with Obamacare.
Some House Republicans will be replaced with new Republicans in 2018
OBAMACARE IS NOT ABOUT HEALTH INSURANCE OR HEALTHCARE!  It IS about BIG GOV CONTROL!!
Lobbyist from pharma & insurance give upwards 3 BILLION+ EACH to @GOP @SenateGOP that is why you crooks will never do what is right.
You make no sense, if you dont vote to repeal then your voting for obama care!! Why are you knitpicking?
I don't trust Rand Paul, never have. Playing 'footsie' with liberals and obstructing like a DEM. #MAGA
We more Senators like Paul who can compromise without giving up ther more Senators like Paul who can compromise without giving up their
That's radicals like you who think it should be your way or the highway . It's time for sen who follow the Constitution.
Rand Paul is not his Dad. I respect RON Paul but hist son RAND Paul is not the same.
GOP will be remember as PARTY OF DEATH ur BILL helps no one but puts millions of people off of HEALTHCARE I hope u all r voted out #LIARS
Apparently you are not following the Charlie Gard story.
Which has nothing to do with money.
Money as in cents? Which your tweet seems to be lacking?
I use to like you.  Why not just try to fix it. So many people will die and it will be on your shoulders
Did Rand Paul become a Demo?
We just doesn't work for the insurance lobbyist like the rest of it were screwing the American people over with Obamacare Lite
No! Forget your colleagues and remember that the majority of Americans FAVOR the Affordable Care Act. #ACA #NoRepeal
You and the rest of you all, DO NOT go anywhere for recess vacation until you UnFuck this mess. Understand Senator? 

2018 will soon be here
darling, not all senators are up for election in 2018. They are elected every 6 years. You really should read more
You and your colleagues NEED TO SUPPORT OUR POTUS! GET THE JOB DONE WE ARE WATCHING AND ITS GETTING OBVIOUS WHOTHE TRAITORS ARE#MAGA
We need a total reset on health care in US. Now all we have is a mandatory tax based boondoggle for the health cartels, and bad care.
SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT! PERIOD!!
YES! With you Rand!  No bailouts, none!
@SenatorBurr  please do job and get to work on this bill.  Tx u
I am so on board with this.  Clean cut to the chase, get rid of , start over.  Enough is enough!  Thank you Mr. Paul!
@RedPills4All171 Team work makes the dreams work
Randy, Randy, Randy...you again??? Please refrain from spitting your jibberish any longer...Ron was delusional but you are just dangerous
They do need to oppose bailouts
Yes! This is what was promised to the voters!   @sendavidperdue @SenatorIsakson

#TRUNEWS with @realRickWiles - North Korean Submarine Prepares to Nuke Hawaii #WW3 #northkorea https://www.pscp.tv/w/bEUXZzFlZGpuZXFEWGdLb2d8MWxEeExrWW9xWHpKbXUPi9t1BHmukPTazEJeCqc0GSHChZrRAPVkAzsotV7j …
I am a dr, "repeal" sounds good until u realize you are advocating  to give insurance cos power to rip off patients  #shame
Call the DOJ comment line #SHUTDOWNMUELLER 202-353-1555
How can you be so sturbon and not ever agree on anything; McCain is taking a chance to come vote today how could you be a jack??? not vote
y
Enough with stinking bailouts start helping the people you are supposed to represent full clean repeal !
If we lose our healthcare, then YOU should too.
NO Repeal. You'll kill thousands of Americans.People that voted for YOU. The same people that, if they live, will vote you out of office.

Designed to fail & lead to single-payer which working America does NOT want-FREEDOM & CHOICE is what America stands for!Obamacare is BIG GOV
American voters are not stupid!We know that Ocare was designed to hurt mid class,expand MEDICAID,drain treasury, make ins co & congress rich
The small business/self-employed workers do NOT belong in a bill with MEDICAID! We cannot shoulder this financial burden!NO REPEAL=NO VOTE!
If we don't get out from the obamacare/medicaid umbrella,WE WILL NEVER GET AFFORDABLE HEALTH INSURANCE! Praying for FULL REPEAL!Thank you!
I hope you will do something and work with the republicans instead of your usual nothing.
Please keep your working for us, the citizens of the USA. If the bill is bail out, kill it. Republican promised to Repeal then Replace ACA
#StandWithRand
Vote YES, debate & CONTRIBUTE. Nothing is worst that #Obamacare. Either brainstorm or come back, we need ophthalmologists in BG @FoxNews
Yes, repeal
Get on board on Healthcare repeal and replace  or resign from the job. Your way is not the highway sir. There is room fir amendment.
U need to compromise n stop being an obstructionist.
Stop sabotaging the healthcare bill Senator and support the other Senators.
It's my bday today Rand. Please vote with the republicans! 
but the #POTUSTrump ran on replace? So whatch ya gonna do, call #Ghostbusters? Man up! u lost, Trump won. Get rid later..
Please vote yes on health care and amend it later. Please support President Trump.
We need help out here! Our premiums are getting higher and our SS is not please help us!
And if they don't are you going to take your tennis ball and go home?  You made the fake news circuits so get off your pedestal and Vote usa
I hope you will stop blocking the talks, I voted for you but I won't next time if you don't get on board!
PLEASE VOTE NO ON MTP!
Remember elections have consequences if you don't repeal Obamacare you will be voted out of office
People are adversely affected by ObamaCare. Voting No means that you are ok with that. Do your job!
Clean repeal means you will be screwing millions of people out of your hatred for Obama. From a US citizen with stage 4 colon cancer-FU!
Stand strong Senator! No bail out like Bush did. Tired of bailing out the rich & their friends.
This kentuckian says no vote, remember ya'll will be running for re-election.  This President is out of control.
Fortunately @potus doesn't  need your vote. The people of Kentucky are in sad shape having a Republican rep like you. #maga
I pray that both sides join you in doing the right thing. FULL REPEAL of obama care.
For God's sake,man,what are you doing!!! At least vote to proceed and hammer this HC out!! Get back on the reservation#blowing our lead!
This Kentucky citizen does not support you.
I STAND WITH  RAND.
Stop the politics, Obamacare as is is killing our finances. Have multiple plans, one with a minimum requirements and let the states opt-in.
Do the job republicans were put in office to do!!!!!!!!
Are you still a Doctor? Remember your oath to "DO NO HARM"? #TrumpcareKills hope @ACLU files suit on you! #VoteNoToTrumpCare
Watch out. You are going to be voted out soon. If you could go for such a despicable bill your are in it for greed and not citizens.
Your right on. Full support here. Obama Care was NEVER about health care. It was about getting more people dependent on Government.  REPEAL.
NO REPEAL! NO REPLACE! NO to TrumpDeathCare! NO to GOP! Left the party after 40 years.
What you're not seeing on mainstream  https://twitter.com/maximus_paulus/status/889608371791319041 … Watch more on YouTube https://twitter.com/maximus_paulus/status/889606202430078976 … #HealthCare
#PresidentTrump #Healthcare speech 2/4.  
TRUMPCARE IS NOT THE SAME AS OBAMACARE. FEWER BENEFITS AND HIGHER PREMIUMS. WILL KILL WORKING PP. DO NOT VOTE 4 THIS BILL. PROTEST AGAINST.
GO 2 HELL RAND PAUL. UR SUGGESTION WILL KILL KIDS & ADULTS WHO R 2 POOR 2 PAY. WILL DEVASTATE MIDDLE CLASS INCOME. HEALTH BILL IS UNFIT.
Clean repeal
End Title 1 requirements
Why is the rep. of the States (the Feds) giving my $ to private corps ever? I can't find that n Const.
The #ACA in some form is here to stay.
It's time for Gov to stop deciding who fails. The only fair way is to let hard work and innovation to create business winners.
You're an ideological liar. 1st you would vote for replace only not repeal..Now you have it and you still object. Join @DNC cause your fake
All these senseless conditions you have are not in party favor and you're being a dragging anchor.  Americans want forward progress.
DC is small steps, and thats what this is. A mud bog is not helpful. Thats not what we voted for.
REPEAL!!! NOW!
Thanks @RandPaul for not getting anything done and keeping Obamacare
Why doesn't Congress vote the same medical insurance plans that they have? Why are you excluded in Obamacare?
I do understand WHY Repubs are dragging feet. Watch out for bribes and extortion.  Tell Cassidy "No Louisiana Purchase #2" REPEAL
Senator what's your replace plan?  How come nobody knows it. What's the GOP replace plan?  How come it's a moving target and nobody knows it
Cut health care cost..CEOs of hospitals, insurance companies and pharmaceutical companies..start there!!
If you open it up to the free market you can get coverage for less
Please Senator, please vote 2 repeal & replace. If U don't we will B stuck with the failed obamacare travesty the Dems crammed up our Azzes
Highly respect your agenda.please get the Trump Team to repeal Obama Care.we voted for President Trump.. WE WANT RESULTS.this is ridiculous!
Like-Keep simple- repeal- bring private sector back& then figure best private incentives- govt should be instrument to encourage without tax
Stop the russia story. Im tired of hearing of this fake bullshit

Please twist @SenCapito s arm harder.  She only cares about keeping Medicare expansion (unnecessary) not the other 90% of West Virginians.
VOTE NO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You repeal it and this will usher in single payer.  Guaranteed.
Yes!
So please vote NO tomorrow on moving forward with this repeal and replacement plan!
Repeal Obamacare-health insurance is a product like auto insurance-not a right-shrink Medicaid
Clean repeal, @POTUS. That's what Congress campaigned on, and that's what we want.
Vote YES tomorrow.  All of your JOBS depends on it
However, those Senators who do NOT vote for a complete repeal may want to begin looking for new jobs, even though they R 2 arrogant to admit
I hope so as well. However, this sounds too much like common sense for D.C. to understand it.
Hey rand, istead of running that mouth why don't you write this Health care bill? You seem to know everything!
Rand Paul, do your job and vote for the new Health Care Plan, stop Grandstanding !
O'care makes forming health care cooperatives illegal. Repeal it so the American people can fix the problem.
O'care is insurance, not health care.We need member owned health care cooperatives.Reduce % of GDP to 6% from 17%.fire suits,coders, billers
You are a man of principle and a true American, @RandPaul
Amen.  Hang tough, repeal, no bailouts to insurance companies, and draft something that will work -- with minimal government interference.
I'm a Kentucky voter. Obamacare has failed us! Don't be the vote that keeps us from Repeal and Replace! Focus-lowering costs of health care!
Rand Paul you are obveously planning on to run for President again...news flash, we all remember that you were the one to kill Health Care..
By bail out you mean funding Insurance so they can cover Pre existing conditions. Bought coverage for 20 years will lose under Rand Paul
You have failed to deliver on the repeal and replace promise. You can't have things your way. It is time to be a team player.
COME ON REPUBLICANS! Prove that we have solutions and that we will work together and get this done!!!
The Republican senate & congress better wake up. Up Chuck Schumer&the Dems are trying to change their message.Watcha gonna do RINOS?YourMove
I really believe that U & 9=GOP turncoats have made a difficult path for #POTUSTrump Agenda for America with your political grandstanding!
Not grandstanding. Any senator who sides with trump bill that bails out the insurance company will be voted out at election time.
I just wrote my Senators to man up and do the right thing repeal this mess as promised.
I have Diabetes, covered before Diagnosed, Obamacare forced me to change Insurance 4 times, with Rand Paul's plan, I lose my coverage.
Ted's plan is a good plan!

No turn insurance bill out. GOP Senator voting for about will be voted out period and replaced with a constitutional conservative.
I make just enough notto receive Obamacare but to little to afford coverage why should I pay mandate? Anybody? Confused!
@SenBobCasey @SenToomey - you paying attention?
Clean Repeal
Oppose bailouts
Thank you @RandPaul. You are looking out for us!
No on move to proceed. Any healthcare bill should be scored and publicly debated. Forcing through a mystery bill is bad policy.
Get on board or get of the tracks. You will get run over in time.
Yes Senator Paul.  Please remember some cake is better than none.
I hope Kentucky gets rid of you.  Such a baby, you must have it your way.  Sick of seeing you on TV
We're cheering for the #MisfitSaviorsofAmerica!
Are you going to follow this lead?  We want to know! @SenateGOP
Drop dead.
http://abcnews.go.com/Health/wireStory/gop-health-bill-mystery-planned-vote-48810406 … You keep that Rep promise and the voters will make their promise and vote you out! @SenateGOP
Don't do it! @SenateGOP
you don't know what's in this new health bill, Vote NO tomorrow and take more time to really fix the ACA for the people!
People take to the streets peacefully if they Vote Yes!

Trump is erratic and careless. No to your Wealthcare & no to DEATHCARE for the rest of us!

Don't vote on something unknown! You will hurt American healthcare now. AARP, CBO, Healthcare system & most of us!
CLEAN REPEAL, NO Bailouts, AND PUT BACK TO THE STATES. Government DOES NOT belong in our healthcare. EYE OPENER EX: Baby Gard.

Klayman: Mueller Must Be Fired Now! See http://www.freedomwatchusa.org  http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/07/24/mueller-probe-meet-lawyers-who-gave-to-hillary-now-investigating-team-trump.html …
Why should it get bail out ,, before OBamacare It gross 6million on Citizens with OBamacare 15 million ,
Oh silly man, so you really expect your colleagues to support a secret bill that none of even your constituents have seen. #nochance

Full repeal or no deal. Let the markets be free. #ItMattersHowYouStand and I #StandWithRand.
. Our government is designed for both sides to NEGOTIATE! Neither side shld get everything they want! Yall are playing with people's lives!
Anyone who doesn't is in the sewer!
Republicans less talk, more action, please
We don't want full repeal fix it.
Yes we do me too I'm also against it to be charged a penalty to pay for the people being screwed over. Like my aunt who has
$4,000 hospital bill because she can't afford insurance. Because of Obamacare. Obamacare has hurt more people help.
we aren't gonna get a perfect bill...obamacare destroyed the health system. we can't fix it overnight but we can start somewhere
senator I know you are a good man but come on..we have to stabilize the companies for now. it will save $ in the long run!
Constantly the same path with you. You can't work with anyone. Like a little spoiled brat, your way only!
Good luck, Sir! They are at war with us!
Charles Krauthammer had a great idea Rand--  let McCain stay home and you take his yes proxy vote 
Yes, make sure to kill off the poor and disabled. Totes cool. Hope you are punished for this in the voting booth.
Yes anti American Democrats are being punished for hurting the poor people like my aunt and hopefully after the 2020 election cycle
Credit party won't exist anymore to hurt the poor and unfortunate.
I don't even know what that means. Both parties are credit parties.
Get the damn thing passed and then continue to work on it.. Whats your problem with that??
Bow about u work on the cost of care first...then insurance costs will follow.  U politicians make it all seem so hard when it's not.
.@RandPaul you are on a very lonely path no flexibility look at .@SenSchumer being obstructionists his rating is down to 52% NYS he was 70+
Senator -- if you are one to derail this success for our President-- I will do whatever is possible to help defeat you on the next election
Why do they all oppose your idea? What does the two yr. safety net really look like? What would Medicaid look like?
I hope so too.
Repeal Rand
You're a disgrace! Remember all the terrible things Trump said about you?
Yes that's what I voted for. Do here that Rob Portman
Universal health care please.
The perfect getting in the way of the better
We are with you Rand!  Thanks for taking a stand.
I agree with you
#REPEALANDWALKAWAY
Hope you sign whatever they have . Get with the program Rand if you like being a Republican Senator. Election time is coming! !
He going to be there till 2022. GOP Senators will vote for the insurance bailout will be voted out when they come up for reelection.
And no exemptions for Congress we the people don't have.I want all they get for sitting down,except that I work hard.
Also I used to get lidoderm patches but since Odumbo care they want to charge me $250 for 30 patches
forgive the morons... free market is why we have obamacare in the first place... so you support people getting priced out of healthcare LUL
You campaigned since 2010 to repeal. At least vote to bring it to the floor for debate. A no vote from you is a yes vote to pelosi and ACA
Sorry Ran but something has to pass I can't afford the Dr anymore and I pay Medicare and a supplement pass something
Didn't like your back ache get over it I have degenerative bone disease and sometimes I need pain meds I don't take even 30 tabs a year
Drain the sewer
Thank you for fighting for liberty!  We need more voices like yours
Last chance for Republicans in my book. If no repeal, I'm voting 3rd party or write-in.
