Sorry senator, minorities should stop committing  crime if penalties are too harsh. Muslim countries are even worse. Tired of the crying!
Stay out of trouble then.No sympathy from me.
Nothing is fair these days. I saying "don't try the system ".  The odds are against you & relatives can't afford to defend them.Think!
We all knew what Jeff Sessions was. You confirmed him, don't pretend this isn't your own fault.
In dream world. They're never changed. Status quo remains.
Except white people have never had to do the time. Even Rand Paul knows that. Drugs shouldn't even be illegal if you are a true conservative
Whites havent been victims of the drug war or court malfeasance? Ever? No one has a right to tell you what you can or can't put in your body
Of course they have and shouldn't be incarcerated either. We are talking about overwhelming statistics Rand Paul is citing
Never negated the statistics. Just that there are too many vested interests for the drug war to simply go away.
I agree too much money and too many jobs. This should be bipartisan issue and seemed to be headed that way until Sessions
Equal justice for all...plain and simple.  These drug dealers are killing our youth. @RandPaul
The drug dealers are far and few between. Its the poor and nonviolent offenders that get screwed. Are you a saint?
No, but I have had three members in my family who has died from Heroin and they used dealers
I'm so sorry that this has happened in your family. No doubt a terribly sad and avoidable loss. Condolences... 
Thank you! I appreciate that...
let's try some novel ideas of community service for relaxed sentences or we should try to bring Singaporean style punishments....
Are there 2 separate laws for people of color and whites cause if so the the politicians are to blame
Meh
Mandatory sentences harken back to the days of virtually all law enforcement given carte blanche right to bust heads.
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time.
We all break the law on a regular basis.
How? I'm pretty sure I'm a law abiding citizen.
Jaywalking, speeding, money laundering...
I don't walk anywhere.   35 years of driving and no tickets.   I have no money to launder....
So ur trying to say you've never gone over the speed limit or changed lanes without signaling or anything?
Well, if I did I certainly deserve the ticket or fine or whatever.
Sorry it's not disproportionate if u consider they break laws disproportionately 36 black and Hispanic(illegals) gangs in my town of 200,000
Valid point.
You are causing unnecessary deaths and heartache of parents, by allowing drug dealers to go free!!!!!!!
Thank you for sponsoring legislation to oppose Sessions's abhorrent maximum sentencing policy! We need more leadership like yours.
Please step up and be the voice of reason Senator Paul. We need a leader right now.
***The crimes are being committed in a disproportionate way. Making excuses for minorities is disproportionate in itself.
Don't do the crime if you can't do the time. Old cliche but so valid.
I agree with Paul, not Sessions on this one.  But it's a cultural crisis, not a political one. Reasonably happy ppl don't need drug crutch.
Sometimes I love you
Deal with our corrupt Pres. Patriots are loyal to country 1st.
Thank you for this ounce of integrity.  You could show more......
Because they committed crimes. #EXECUTEKILLERS
Wall Street first!
you voted to confirm Sessions you spineless piece of shit
vote to confirm session but did not want to assosiate with the dems and childish behavior that was going on at the time.
Implying Repubs are never childish.
Minonirties disproportionately commit crimes.  Duh
@RandPaul I agree we must deal with the root causes of crime.... poverty, breakdown of family, abandonment, gang violence, unemployment
They are the ones committing crimes
#thank you #colleges4crime #incarceration
if minorities are doing the crime they should also do the time as should anyone.
Susan, you forget that minorities are more frequently incarcerated, particularly the African-American community. Where have you been?
I'm for releasing them if they stay in your neighborhood.
Whats worse is Ive seen first hand working as a prison nurse guys doing hard time for 'dangerous drugs' doing less time then child molesters
Maybe if they stopped committing crimes?
@Richzeoli then change the law. Why leave it up to the DOJ if the law is too harsh?
Oh bs...do the crime; do the time. Take skin color out of it. Period.
Rand Paul is my favorite Repub.  If he became a demo he would be my favorite demo.  Rand Paul is awesome!!!!
Or is it minorities are committing the crimes that have mandatory minimum sentences. Prison is a revolving door now. They don't care. #cushy
Yeah Wealthy white people never touch the stuff. That's why cocaine is so cheap.
Too f-ing bad - Just because the bodies aren't stuck on the end of a knife doesn't mean they ain't dead. These F***s prey on the weak
I disagree , I used to smoke weed and minorities is where u go for dope .
So, it matter because of minorities?  How about it throws people in cages for years for nonviolent crimes costing tax payers billions
it's almost as if you should have voted against sessions.
Mr Paul - Mr Sessions was speaking of the suppliers to the street dealers. Not hard to follow, if you true my listen. Not the fake news.
Paul is probably the only GOP senator that doesn't have a financial interest in the private prison system! You're missing the boat buddy!
Crime doesn't have "color" and should be treated as such. Our country has all but lost the rule of law and the consequences that go with it.
This citizen agrees wholeheartedly with you sir! Incarceration is NOT THE ANSWER!
Also many serve time for the rest of their life though time was served by mandates against them.
pandering to a base for votes is shameful. You should feel such guilt for putting your constituents at risk. #shameful
so investigate Sessions and family investments or political donations from for profit prison companies. Follow the money!
Rand.   Yup.
AG wants Tougher sentences for criminal drug dealers who are poisoning our children.
Mandatory sentence for drug dealers please
Is it possible it is disproportionate because it us based on persons who commit crimes.  Do all races receive same sentence for same crime
As Sessions steps back in time to the Nixon era he loves so much. Nixon is his role model.
True however...Known that for years. Where have you been?  What about the traitor in the WH.   Got anything to say about that?
Then why the hell did you vote to confirm this dinosaur? Your father must be embarrassed.
Tell your buddies... we can't do anything.
Country over party Senator
You helped do this.  You continue to make this worse. You're a fraud.
@RandPaul  why is NC voter ID unconstitut.(targets A minority), but mandatory min. Sentences trgting minorities isn't unconstitutional?
You Confirmed a known bigot. Why are you whining now?
Thats just what liberals want.
If you oppose his resolution then why the hell did you vote for him? You knew this was coming!
What happened to, "Let the punishment fit the crime" or "If you can't do the time, don't do the crime". Keep demographics out.
#RandPaul2017
Rand Paul is an idiot
YOU WENT AFTER OBAMA ABOUT SPYING ON YOU KNOWING THEY WILL NOT DO A DAM THING NOW THIS  R U PROMOTING YR SELF TO BE PRES I THINK U ARE
Injustice!? Are you peddling Obama s crap now???
Minorities need jobs in there communities. Why bring in people to this country when Americans don't have jobs
My 'do I agree with Rand Paul on this issue and respect him?' coin must have landed on heads today. Thank you for being vocal on this!
The death of the Republican party, given to you by Trump, and his cohorts, all those dems that voted for Trump, will now vote for any dem.
And so will republican, the Republican party could have ruled forever, all they had to do was end the unconstitutional drug war.
for confirming Sessions in the first fucking place!!!!! 
very well stated Senator. Thank You.
Thank God I been on your a**, but finally get back to old Rand and speak up since most republicans are in the witness protection program
Tell that to the bonehead who's running the justice department. Religious extremist nothing but a nut case.
No! If you do the crime you must do the time. Being a minority has nothing to do with it.
#StandWithRand
@FrankDonohoe we need to legalize pot so that all can grow it and if we can't it's not really legal then anyways!
Fuck you. You confirmed Sessions. What did you think would happen? Go fuck yourself you inbred mother-fucker.
Unfairly?  How does it change based on a person's skin color?
What the heck. I don't really care if you are a minority or not. Do the crime, do the time!
Bullshit
Well there should be a mandatory minimum sentence for voting twice....or participating in voter fraud. 6 months.
Where's the evidence to support your tweet?  Registered in two states?... Maybe people never move out if state in your world?
If you can't do the time, don't do the crime! Dealers should be forcibly fed the poison they peddle. Let them die, slow!U haven't dealt w/it
Then they should not break the law! Period. Small crimes lead to huge crimes!
Where is the OUTRAGE over Obama's illegal surveillance of Presidential candidates, why aren't you & republican pursuing a special prosecutor
It wouldn't even matter if it only affected a majority group. Mandatory minimums are morally wrong.
How do you make so much sense sometimes then issues like Comey being fired you go retarded?
It's about time somebody white spoke up and say what other whites know and are thinking but to chicken shit to say anything.
Senator you are exactly right. Sessions want to increase sentences to help his friends in the Prison Cooperation's.
You got to do something about Trump! He can't be allowed to Boast about Top Secret information to the Russians.
Cool thanks for these obvious points - can u now explain ur vote to confirm racist unqualified JS who we all knew would do precisely this?
Then why did you vote to confirm Sessions? We all knew what he was about, why didn't you?
They had the chance for good behavior before they broke the law. Maximum sentence and not one day less.
Im from ky Vote him out!!!!!°
Should be longer sentence drugs rape muder .Crack dealers list goes on. To many slap on the hands. Vote everyone out that thinls less.
It is sad that it took "courage" for you to speak this truth; but doing the right thing is in short supply these days. So good work Senator.
So instead of enforcing laws, just give them a pass. How about the minority community stops committing crime. How about that?
#SpecialProsecutor NOW Senator PAUL!
if WE the people could vote on these issues then maybe WE will know if the voters agree with you.
Why acting as a sore loser, as McCain & Graham. Better offer coop. to resolve your issues rather than showing off your discontent like dem's
Thank you
Dane Co., WI, ~85% white, has a huge heroin prob., yet the arrest rate is really low. Milwaukee, mostly minority, has a high arrest rate..
Perhaps you should have voted no to his confirmation & taken a stand when it mattered. It's hard to take you seriously.
So have stupid, immoral drug policies, but this is just a soft target to get the black vote right?
Then the new EO giving flexibility should help
Yes, SO WHY DID YOU VOTE TO CONFIRM SESSIONS?
What else do you exp from Trump and his cronies?   Everyone that Trump brings in (Gorsach-Sessions incl) vows loyalty to Trump. This is him!
Maybe some of these minorities should obey the law
Bullshit!
Finally, something I agree with you on
Mandatory min sentences identify & put on permanent record those who should be watched & those who should  possibly be tossed from this USA.
There is an expression
Liars
Damn liars
Statisticians
Focus on "minorities"
Not productive
Per Constitution
Is due process provided to all?
Please go after wrong- doers in your party.  Trump and sessions have no business being the face of our country.
Yes!  #exactly #thankyou!
Then change the damned law!!!  Until then enforce the law that is on the books.
who cares which groups are most affected as long as the cases are tried fairly? Deterrence keeps crime rates low.
I agree with your position, Senator!  Please continue to push for reform. Unduly harsh sentences unnecessarily destroy families.
Unfortunately sir many in your party want exactly that:  a chunk of a minority group unable to vote
Jail people for drug use?! Let's take an honest look at systems/policies--why so many Americans use drugs? Why disproportionate sentencing?
I appreciate you have consistently broken ranks to admit these disparities, but wish you hadn't OK'd Sessions when we all knew he'd do this.
Again things known about Sessions prior to his appointment that you voted to confirm
I agree! We should be tough but fair, and mandatory sentencing does not allow for that balance.
Wow. I'm a Democrat and I completely agree with you here. Thanks for your independent thinking on this issue.
if can't do the time don't do the crime. Nobody makes them sell dope and steal. Color doesn't matter. Actions should consequences
You are right sir and now the new Russian Party has decided to not do anything like the decent thing. I refuse to call it Republicans.
You're a partisan hack, you knew he'd do this when you put him there. Now you're trying to win back your libertarian cred. SAD!
I dont understand Mr. Paul what the change is going to be. For every one time offender, theres ten recidivists. I guess it stops recidivism?
Sessions was too racist to become a judge under Reagan. Should not have been confirmed, should've been made to resign #perjury #youconfirmed
Hey.. .you voted for that nut....just sayin
How about they don't commit all the crimes, then they won't have to worry about jail!!
@BGPolitics Glad you are speaking out against something. Interesting this is it.Sessions would lock ppl away 4ever in priv prisons
You're a coward for voting for him as AG
Calling BS.   If you actually cared about this stuff then you wouldn't have voted for him as AG.
He not bs he vote to confirm because did not want to assioate with the dems childish behavior he was hope they use agrument against civil
Who cares. Do the time so the time. You sound liberal
Having served with him and knowing his positions, you confirmed him. Do something about the mess in the White House and maybe things change
Bullshit. You voted for him and you knew this was his policy. Quit trying to have it both ways.
@chris_mulder1 where this is going in the end, "all defendants must be entitled to a badass lawyer." #equaljustice
they've also prevented violent criminals from infesting the streets—far better than Barry's "universal wrist slap" policy
Thank you for speaking out against this administration's self-contradictory and harmful policy.
Thank you for being a voice of fairness and reason. Don't often agree with you but on this I do.
Doing drugs is not a crime like murder. Treat them like murderers and they will go back to the streets.
Please explain:  if minorities are committing the crimes and receiving the same sentence as other races why unfair????
More you talk the less I like you.  I think you're Democrat in Republican clothing. Get w/the program we elected Trump 4 or get out!!
Well, at least Paul stop saying he was being surveilled
Then don't participate in criminal activity and it won't be an issue.
And you voted to confirm this guy?!?!  Well done..well done!
Then pass a law to change the current law. How hard is that senator paul. @CNN @FoxNews
MAYBE YOU SHOULDN'T HAVE CONFIRMED SESSIONS THEN JUST SPITBALLING HERE.
Its surprising how many people miss this the point of this statement.
@randpaul Senator,if you dont agree with a law write&Pass  a bill correcting.Not Sessions fault he is following law.Do your job,Don't whine
The question is does punishment fit crime and ate the right people being charged. If so who cares how many minorities if they are criminals
Then why did you vote for him??? You were warned
Maybe minorities involved are more criminal in nature
The law is the law. White, Black, Hispanic, Asian or anyone else,  everyone must be accountable. Letting off leads to more of the same.
Correct
Do everyone a favor and resign. You have WRECKED Kentucky. The country is a shittier place thanks to you.
Let's incarcerate more white folks! Start with Hillary.
10 dllrs weed,,boise id,,,,2 yrs,,, thousands of dllrs....but i won,,lmao
I dont always agree with you senator, but you are fight on the money with this story. I thank you, for standing up for what's right
Why did you vote to confirm Sessions then?  His stance on these was no secret
Does this mean it is ok for non minorities ?
You will never have total justice with mandatory minimum sentencing. #easywayout
Mandatory minimum is one way a white person and black person can get similar sentences for similar crimes.
Ain't that the truth Senator.I'm definitely a Believer especially of Statistics. numbers don't lie. you're right, they are disproportionate.
What kind of Justice Department did you expect he would run when you voted to confirm him?
You get what you vote for Rand Paul....
No he not phony he just refuse to assiate with childish behaviro and would vote no on session if democrat argued about civl assets.
Thank you @RandPaul for challenging the harsher drug sentences proposed by Idiotic @jeffsessions. Does he have a brain in that head?
You and I don't agree on much, Senator, but we do agree on this.
Everyone knew Sessions stance on marijuana prior to his confirmation. So why did you confirm him?
He did not want assiate with democrats and their childish behavior he was hope argue about civl asset which ready to vote no session then.
Didn't realize feds went after corner drug dealers. This whole "too harsh sentencing" is being misconstrued. Feds prosecute big dealers.
Less welfare checks tho
Thank you for standing up.
But yet you roll with the party that does everything in its power to disenfranchise & disproportionately attack minorities. Sooo wyd?
So just pushing small amounts of drugs is ok?
