listen to WikiLeaks AMA from yesterday.
continue listening 2 the media that called snowden a terrorist over the people who saved him then
the Russians may have favored the outcome, but they did not supply the information
because julian went on record stating it, and he almost never confirms nor denies his sources
this is soo dumb.
dear mr Paul be the voice that the troops in Afghanistan need by demanding they be brought back home in 2017 it's
been 15 years after that time they deserve a us politician to support them by atleast tweeting to bring the us
troops home
Healthcare should be be our right. Stop the intimidation! Medicare works, for a healthy nation.
replace it with what?
not something any 1st world nation that wants to b a leader should do! GOP had SIX years to plan replacement!
Conservative? Only with the poor and middle class. More liberal with wall street, Pharma and rich tax cut.
Yeah, maybe you can help Rubio get with the program, McCain unfortunately is a lost cause.
ACA provided subsidies. What will the GOP provide? An aspirin and a thermometer?
I guess 11,000 dollars is all that takes to make you go down
HOW ABOUT THIS PLAN.  give up YOUR govt subsidized healthcare until you come up with a plan that's as good as what YOU get.
if it could not be a law, that would be great
Senator remember this: Trump won and those who opposed him didn't get elected again. Food for thought
Repeal Obamacare but DONT REPLACE. Government out of health care -an RN
"RN okay with killing people who rely on ACA to stay alive. GOPs had 6 yrs, but no replacement." #evil
If Trumpcare is not as good or better than ACA the GOP will have the stigma of destroying healthcare for eons.
Bring everyone in under Medicare
Here's why we support #RepealAndReplace the Unaffordable touted as Affordable Care Act.
that doesn't make sense
where is the replacement?
Repeal the mandate tax part to kill it.
How will this impact minors in #FosterCare system/those that age out? Provisions in #ACA keep coverage to age 26.
When will the public see the plan for comment?
be the greatest senator of our generation!  You and Ted Cruz use your talents for USA, like Trump, to MAGA!
If you vote to repeal and not replace, you will murder thousands of Kentuckians.  Can you live with that?
Why replace it with something? Thought y'all never thought it was needed in the first place.
Thank you for your no vote on the ACA.  @RandPaul
how sad that you will take away healthcare from millions of Americans because it was a black man's idea!
Unleash the free market!
Have you consulted Russia yet, traitor?
Tens of thousands are going to die so that you and your healthcare and pharma lobbyists can make a few bucks
You've had 8 years to come up with a plan other than #LetThemDie #ImpeachTrump
and what are we going to do in the interim? you vetoed all the parts Americans liked.
Americans will die because of you- starting off the year with blood on your hands?
No Christians in Repub Congress, huh? Remember the "weak and the poor"? NOT!!  U r hypocrites DEVOID OF EMPATHY!!
Utterly soulless! US worst quality of life in developed world. Irony: WE pay for your Congress Care. U can rot!!
what exactly are you shitheads replacing it with? We're waiting......#ACA #Obamacare #healthcare
why did you vote against Resolution 51-48 to repeal the affordable care act?
I look forward to you and the President Elect working together. You will do great things together.
why isn't it ready now had 8 years to get it done and ready to R AND R
Let's go man!!
BTW I LOVE OBAMACARE 
IT CHANGED MY LIFE
DON'T TAKE IT AWAY
if all the states enacted the Medicaid expansion more would be covered & I'd bet there'd be more options & lower premiums


Gotta take the profit margin out of healthcare coverage
I'll tell you why @GOP can't replace. Obamacare is the republican plan. Just like Romneycare.

Medicare for all is the answer
TY@RandPaul for fighting to repeal OCare. #Dontletusdown.
don't you think you should replace, THEN repeal? Don't leave people high and dry?
how much daggone time have you had to write a plan. I smell BS Rand. Daddy would not b pleased
I hope you are as passionate and aggressive in ensuring as many Americans have health care as possible as you are in passing your budget.
Sen Paul u had a heart, a mind, and solid morals I thought. Didn't always agree but thought u were stand up guy #iwillNotbetrumped
Rand Paul is one of the most intelligent people in Washington. All please listen to him.
Obama himself has said that if you guys come up with something better, he'll publicly endorse it!
If u repeal & break up Hmo monopolies of hospitals & Dr. while requiring truth in billing, published. cost drop
@AwakeDeborah @realDonaldTrump Now ur talking Rand, so much to offer, get into the mix full force cause we need you big time.
it is the Affordable Care Act. Calling it Obamacare and not pointing out they are the same is misleading
We know you guys will get the job done! Thank you! #AmericaFirst #MAGA
Yeah, well, he wants to do it immediately. Want to see what millions of people yelling looks like?
@pink_lady56 @realDonaldTrump   Thank you Rand! Get this chit DONE!!
@pink_lady56 @realDonaldTrump You make us so proud in Ky & the US. Keep up the good work.
and what are people who are relying on ACA going to do until then?
@jackhunter74 @realDonaldTrump
@SenSanders I have the best care ever, the VA Fayetteville Ark... Please don't screw it up...
Oh thank you.  Because we all trust the president elect.  Thank you for working with the fraudulent bigot.
thank you Senator Paul for assisting our President Elect. Every American should stand behind him
You know, once you release plan, Democrats are going to have to figure out new smear campaign.
GO RAND!
You are doing well Senator, but beware of the "replace". We don't want the govt in our healthcare.
I don't believe you. You guys had 8 years to come up with a plan. Come up with a plan 1st.
not to mention, it's another way to take money out of our pockets...
Make sure your replacement for ACA has a plan for the transfer between the programs. We need plan for interim.
"Hill-Burton Act" orig '47 bi-partisan law funding all care for hospitals/needy/poor for 70yrs Amending it IS ACA solution
what about the ACA? Or are you going to choreograph smoke and mirros
SOOO happy to hear of this combined effort, dear sirs! Together, you are unbeatable.
so will it cost taxpayers more to replace it?
How about pressing him to divulge his taxes and audit of his business to ensure there are no conflicts?
I just lost ALL respect for you.
What happened to the GOP congress when it came time to vote on your bill!?!  
Thank you for being part of the solution,Senator! #MAGA
thank you Sen Paul for working hard on this critical issue for ALL of America.
you should have already had a plan in place! You can't oppose legislation without alternatives! GOP is terrible at their job.
let's fix frivolous lawsuits and frivolous use of health insurance so I can pay per visit instead of millions
You need a comma after "AM". It reads as if you're actually repealing Obamacare this morning... (I support you completely, Mr. Rand Paul!)
#FixIt don't replace it.  You have had 6 years to do this and have not accomplished a damn thing in that time.
Repeal it completely.  Let the market replace it.
Replace it with what? As @ThomasSowell once said: "what do you replace cancer with?"
Sure you will. This trainwreck will be fun to watch. Happily, I have enough cash to move abroad if need be.
Senator, thank you for working with Trump to Repeal and Replace Obamacare!  (Our rates tripled!)
We thank you for being so helpful to Trump in getting this rolling.  We all know you to be the leading Patriot.
@realDonaldTrump
Thank you. I hope Trump listens to you and your plan. We the ppl have faith in you.
call pnhp, it's single payer and u know if.
Thank you!
with all due respect Senator, I think there are bigger things to focus on for now.
Replace with Donald cheetocare ? will it cover hookers for the benefit of men and women?
Replace then repeal, not repeal then replace. It's important that you get that right.
Better have a plan or suffer the consequences
you guys had 6 years to come up with a plan, what were you doing?
they had plans.  Stop lying
.@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump Well, Donald has said a lot of crazy shit today.
It's not your job to provide healthcare. Get out of our lives.
You're a GREAT asset!
Well hopefully your fellow senators will vote for your budget as well...
I still don't like the idea of a replacement. Just get out of my pocket.
I heard your interview with Sean Hannity.  Thank you for your calm, thoughtful demeanor, knowledge as a MD. GREAT
unfollowed.
Use the word change some it , you guys make it sound as if a replace of the whole bill
I always respected your intelligence and integrity not enough of that in Washington
we may not agree on many issues, but hearing you support Trump is truly sad
I think it's more of a "I work for the president so I'll try to work with the president"
but that didn't apply to the current one. So, no
did it not, at all? I dunno, I guess if you're in a political party you must tow the line.
party over people is exactly what's wrong, doesn't matter which party
that's a separate argument
not really. He did nothing to help fix issues with ACA, just party line voted against
point taken
Senator, please do all you can for "repeal and DON'T replace".
you might want to replace it before you repeal it or millions of people won't have insurance and it's your fault
to be fair many already don't because it's expensive
but there are still many that do who will be losing their insurance, myself included
true I was just pointing it out
repealing #FATCA would be a quick win...
Replace, then repeal. Wrong order. Saying repeal first just makes you look salty at Obama. @RandPaul @realDonaldTrump
It's very important that it get done correctly for a change.
What happened Rand?

You used to consider this a state issue.  Did someone change #COTUS?
when will someone give a detail about this "plan" I don't think there is a plan at all.
Thank You and God Bless you Senator Paul ! 
but will it be improved upon?
Medicare for all
Please make sure it gets done! We've been handing you guys victory after victory since 2010 to do this already!!
he Trump lies!!!
so happy to hear there's a plan in place. Thank you for your hard work to clean up this mess.
Someone needs to be grown up in the room...don't blow up the bridge..Sen Ron @SenRonJohnson
Then you're part of the problem! I was hoping you'd show more courage.
Thank u #StandWithRand
Thank you for all you do to MAGA
If you're going to repeal it, shouldn't you already have a  plan?
Thank you SENATOR !! Great follow through.
Considering other countries tend to follow path you are already late to bring some freedom back. Hurry up!
looks like your original plan is out
get it done asap Senator Paul...keep moving forward, stop the grandstanding.

I caught  the interview and it was good to hear things explained with COMMON SENSE! By a DR
Replace it with nothing. It’s not the government’s place.
please make the new healthcare plan competitive for doctors to drive prices down. #repealand replaceObamacare
Glad to see you all have your priorities in order.  Thank you, comrades!
your first mistake is believing a Narcissistic individual like Trump.
if u want my vote next election u need to support Trump...
OK Rand. You are Looking like a TRUE MAN of Your Word Again!  WE THE PEOPLE LOVE YOU FOR THAT!
trusting and working with Donald Trump too quickly may be politically costly, I would suggest finding out his true character 1st
Government has a choice "Delete the last 8 years, or else!" Ronald L> Stanford-NOBLEMAN MASON
Stop after repeal!! No need to replace it. Let me run my own life #ffs I thought @RandPaul was for freedom?!?
Sen Paul- as a legitimate statesman and human being, you need to get as far the fuck away from that dumpster fire as possible
Do you need another 6 years? The American people need to know what's next.  #areyougreatyet #TheResistance #Putincare
Thank you Sen. Paul for being a great ally, it is time our country put our diff's aside for the cause of liberty.
thank you.
You literally have nothing to replace it with yet.  6 years and nothing.  My healthcare, gone #KeepACA
It's easy to fix ACA. Just ask the 22 states that opted out, to stop obstructing it.
Exactly!!!
thank you Dr. Paul!!!
The age of miracles is not over???
Trump is clearly a liar who colludes with Russia and will be using Presidency to line his pockets. Do u care?@RandPaul @realDonaldTrump
I don't believe the state of Russia has been given a fair trial.
get employers out of providing health plans ! Reward healthy ppl!! Stop fraud!
the question he was asked was not how much of a disaster OC is, it was what IS IT being replaced by.
Thank you Senator !!
great to see you guys have the working classes best interest at heart /s
Thank you!
How many Kentuckians will lose health care because of you?
speaking of which, when do we get to see this plan? You've had years to brainstorm something
They dont have a plan.
exactly, & they're realizing very quickly they don't want to take away the immensely popular ACA aspects
at some point, maybe, possibly same time, but maybe later. Definitely get Mexico to pay for it. @reeljonaldtrunp
