I will blame you - personally, when my son can't get insulin
buy it for him.
Great solution, when you break your leg - get your parents to pay for your x-rays.  Cuz no access to healthcare
yes - you PAY for things. Food, housing, gas, even healthcare.. you PAY for. You aren't entitled to anything.
you know what is really, really good for the economy? People who are so sick they can't work.
and once those people are who can't afford health care are sick, it really teaches them a lesson
the lesson that god and their country hates them and they should just die...
because they made the choice to be born to parents who couldn't afford insurance.
Those who die without health care will have you to thank.
you aren't entitled to anything. Discrimination is a right.
apparently these people don't know anything about how the market works . Get gov out of healthcare and let free market work
good luck with free market healthcare. Ur gonna need it. U don't need to believe we. We're going to see it roll out
shows you know nothing about  economics. So you rather healthcare until we run out of money and than no one has healthcare
why do u care what I believe? It's going to happen and we'll all get to see how well it works. Good luck.
free market? Free market isent coming anytime soon unfortunately.  Trump amid is still using gov intervention. He wrong to
Im not the only one thinks this. This is what our founding father based the constitution on
ok, you're the last absolutely right LIVING human being left on earth . Congratulations  u win twitter
thanks :)
you misspelt: "because I hate Americans".
@RightWingAngel i like that idea! But y'all haven't come up with a budget in 8 years!!!
Obamacare needs to die and NOT be replaced
No conditions, O'care must unconditionally surrender @realDonaldTrump
.@RandPaul I don't normally agree with Rand but I sure do on this one. Develop a great budget and don't O'Care repeal without replacing
@MarkSanford @@RepTomRice no $ for funding Obamacare let it die pass new bills cut regulations delay and watch chuck-u S squirm
@GrrrGraphics @TIME The government needs to exit the health care industry. REPEAL AND EXIT.
so end Medicare too? That's government healthcare. And, end the VA too? That's gov healthcare
@alllibertynews @Ghostrider66 @RandPaul @GrrrGraphics @TIME 

Ideally, yes.  Replace with free market to drive prices down, like TVs
worked in healthcare for 29yrs. Free market took premiums & fought paying
Then you never experienced free market healthcare. Medicare began in 1965.
disregard my experience but I've watched thousands bankrupted because their insurer cancelled/denied coverage
I'm not. I'm just saying that the health care market has not be free at least since '65. Gov started the price increase
1951 dad worked full time, no health insur, earned $21 wk. He paid $3k when mom miscarried. $3k b/4 gov involved
@alllibertynews @TIME Please support Ariel Grace's Law #HR5403 and The Medical Device Guardians Act #HR5404. We need #SafeDevices!
@MarkSanford @Tom @RepTomRice what if you do nothing then chuck-u S will be begging for $ 4 Obamacare its called a bluff
good
...catastrophic only, no drug coverage, etc. Sell across state lines to stir competition. No mandate!
I suggest HSA's, which rollover and become part of your estate at death. Allow people to pick their coverage...
Saw you on Hannity. I agree with your proposals. Healthcare ins. must be truly affordable, for individ and the govt
Thank you very much.
and what will you do to replace the ACA?
BS squared!
.@RandPaul @TIME, Rep mandate might be to repeal ACA, but not what 20,000,000 beneficiaries want. Does GOP want healthy voters? Tell us how.
what do u plan to replace it with?
Dems aren't interested in making America Great, their only interested in making self great!
oh, like all the other ones you voted in had a plan to balance! Bahahahahaaaa! Idiot
ok, that's interesting...but we're not there yet. Does he understand the cart and horse theory??
So what I'm getting from Rand Paul is he will not vote to repeal Obamacare unless he gets the budget he wants?
@Prax027 @TIME "A plan to balance"? Very brave. You sure you want to stick your neck out like that?
Is there a GOP p l a n? Or is it same old shit after 8 years of antics?R we back to savings accounts? No Way- Amer Ppl
they got nothing
I agree we need a #balanced budget, #Trump is our numbers guy.
so you will keep a program that destroys the budget and the budget of Americans because the new plan isn't budgeted ? Wait what?
You, sir, have no soul. Since the ACA was introduced, 404,000 Kentuckians gained coverage. But what does that matter to you?
/ I agree
.@RandPaul says won't vote for any budget w/out a plan to balance it. GOP voters won't support Rand w/out plan to balance his toupee.
May The People see a copy of your balanced budget proposal? The devil is in the details - link please?
Repeal and replace with what?

then you are responsible for all those rust belt voters losing medical care. Good luck with that.
how about showing a replacement plan before pulling the trigger on repeal? Can existing law be fixed?
yes!!
Have you Voted for Obama's in the Past?
BUT RAND - NO ONE CARES ABOUT WHAT YOU VOTE OR WHEN OR HOW
that is what is needed get back to common sense
thank you Senator!!!
Thank you Sen. Paul for takinging the need for fiscal responsibility seriously. I approve of this message!
no mention of what you're replacing Obama care with. Sigh.....
TIME FOR GOV TO WORK LIKE BUSINESS NOT A PIGGY BANK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Will you vote yes to gut the ethics committee?
we already have a plan to reach a balanced budget. It's called smaller deficits every year
Take that stand Rand! Your indeed my man to get that done,it will take you to get the job done and you will!you Rand!
keep up the good work Senator Paul. You know that the voters will be expecting something in exchange for the repeal.
how about not voting for any budget that funds the UN! Come on rand get your GD head out of the sand.
What about the 20 million people who got healthcare from Obamacare? How will you help those who can't even afford healthcare?
Kentucky voters are watching you don't blow it by not working with Mr Trump.
Good move. Messiah has doubled National Debt & it is time to put some adults in charge of our money. No mo' stimulus.
better late than voting for non-budget funding of gov programs...
your awesome that's what I have wanted. A balanced budget then spend. Never become a slave to debt or those we owe!
@alllibertynews
Big words and the ethics rule is going away, got your pockets open for the insurance companies to fill them?
It's time to cut the size of government
Do you mean you oppose people with pre-existing conditions
being allowed to buy insurance?  Improve, do not just repeal.
.@RandPaul Trump tax plan raises taxes on many. Will you oppose? Details here http://trumptaxhike.wordpress.com   #trump #taxes #MAGA
Good for you!  You are taking the right stand!
Fifth, it will be on you when thousands die because they can't afford their healthcare in the wealthiest nation on earth
Sixth, KY is a state that greatly benefited from ACA. You are betraying your constituents.
(then again, I'm not surprised, you and @SenateMajLdr are more than happy to sell out the people of KY)
Fourth, you need to address the fact that there is currently no plan to replace the ACA, which is reprehensible and horrifying
Third, you know as well as I do that GOP voters could not care less about a balanced budget. Fiscal conservatism is dead.
Second, there is no mandate to repeal the ACA. It has a >50% approval rating, and Trump ran on platform of keeping key provisions
First, this title has nothing to do with the content of the editorial. You need some revisions there, Rand.
Get rid of base line budgeting.  Every year gets a new budget. No automatic annual increases for 10 years.
I just saw a vid of DT telling cheering billionaires he was repealing OCare. So brave of you to stand w/billionaires. Bravo 
The Fed will always own us and keep us in debt Really hard to balance a budget when our government has to borrow money at interest
Socialism will always fall on the ash-heap of human history. Be proud of avoiding inevitable failure.
@LASmithReports Paul, one term down and you still have no idea what you are doing.
good http://for.you  Rand. Its common sense.
it's easy to take away other people's insurance when you don't have to worry about your own
@aduanebrown @TIME Thank you for your commitment to Fiscal Conservatism
Will you also stand up for free market principles against DJT, concerning tariffs
@realDonaldTrump like Trumps infrastructure plan?
Or his wall since Mexico won't pay for it likely.
I worry about the 20,000,000 people who depend upon the Affordable Health Care Act. What next? Cut Social Security and Medicare?
I suppose Rand Paul will soon tell us that he wants to change and whittle on Social Security and Medicare and Medicaid as well.
What about the 20 million people that will lose their health insurance?
make sure Obama does not appoint a Supreme Court justice during recess
Makes perfect sense to me. The GOP is either the party of fiscal responsibility and smaller government or it's not. Carpe diem.
The ACA will be gutted by stopping federal government subsidies resulting in bankrupting major health insurance companies.
Thanks for supporting fiscal solvency!
I'm glad you're  standing here but this is an easy call...how you stand up to big government trump is the bigger test
I saw a piece on CNN, 2 Trump people, Western KY, they rely on OCARE for Black Lung. Please address this, it's in that law.
I'm wondering what country will be controlling the US in 50 years? Because Americans just hate themselves. Politicians = problems
need 2 start working on cutting government and getting rid of property taxes and unconstitutional taxes like rain water run off!
government spending has gone through the roof. No, really. I don't have a roof anymore
Your voting against ObamaCare because it helps coal miners... Your with the  rich Mine Owner that fund your lifestyle!
Always a voice of reason. You go Senator!!
typical republican know nothing with no compassion.
Great! Obamacare has wreaked havoc on my family. Extreme cost and very little to no coverage at all!!
it's not the budget that concerns us right now it's our fundamental rights, keep an eye on those while we have no checks&balances
Replace replace replace.  #StandWithRand
I hope @robportman follows suit.
So work with the rest of the boobs in Congress, work collaboratively like the rest of us do at work and figure it out #together
how about a "No" to raising debt ceiling, that will force spending CUTS,  which is the solution.
if you do, you'll lose your job.
Great stance. There must be a binding commitment to balance the budget with time table < 5 years.
THANK YOU! Why are you the only one saying such things? Our deficit could be the end of your country! Godspeed!
Unfortunately, you'll need your friends, Senior Senator Mitch McConnell and his Establishment pals to go along with you.
You should be far more worried about the Fed sitting on 1.8 $Trillion of junk MBS bonds than Obamacare.
More than a few Hospitals will be going out of business in Kentucky, then.
Obamacare has a lot of problems, but you can't just repeal it and let Hospitals pick up the tab for unpaid bills from uninsured going to ER.
Repeal and Replace! Replace by letting Americans buy-in to the Senatorial Healthcare plan!!
But, if you are still in control of your healthcare, why is #ObamaCare so difficult to repeal? #YouWereSnookered
Let's set our tax policy first.  Then cut spending to match whatever tax revenues that generates.  Balance the budget.
Just up your alley, Rand.  Stand tall!
spend on Military Machine by raising taxes on the wealthy, they have the most to lose in a war
balance the budget ,no money for any foreigners, Americans first, send bill with deported illegals &/r take owned money from aid
you better have a plan to replace it
after all, first editions of a lot things are not exactly perfect. Work in a bipartisan manner to do what is best for all.
Not just the ones that voted for you.
I have supported you on many issues including marijuana , prison reform ,and controlling the security machine. This I don't
I think it would be better to work to reform. Or at least don't repeal until you come up with something to replace it.
I think people need to realize they are messing with people's lives. Stop this pulling back and forth.
Yep, but two sins don't make a right. Even with a repeal, there is no going back to cheap deductibles.
Insurance companies like that they can charge whatever and make a profit.
The only thing it would do is cost people medical facilities, & hospitals more money to change back.
Many of the doctors that I have listened to about this topic are very much for a lot of what is in the ACA.
Go RandPlease speak out
Get it as close to perfect as possible, but w/out repealing at all, it is killing us
just don't let this new administration get too out of hand Senator.  I have fear over a complete loss of civil rights with Trump.
well said Senator.
Thanks you Senator Paul!
sounds good, but actually, there are a few steaming issues that the majority would like you to address - trump & treason.
I find myself agreeing with you more and more
# Constitutional Amendment
CBO says ACA repeal increases Debt, and uninsured increase by 24m . Fact over ideology pls.  https://www.cbo.gov/publication/50252 …
My KY cousins need their health insurance & the black lung protection.
great
Ok. You're voting to end my health insurance. So, just know that. The voters will remember.
So many here a product of D.O.E. indoctrination, please put that on the to do list as well.  Charter schools will hopefully remedy
I had so much hope for you. Good luck with the repeal we'll see where that gets the GOP in 2018. Most enrollees this yr was by republicans
How can you as a doctor vote against universal health care? Have you no soul? No morality? Shame on you. Look in the mirror.
The official @RandPaul stand. Has Gov family healthcare & retirement. Too bad about you. Greed is so good. You should be a senator. 

@TIME
Bring in the Replacement Senators
How about we cut a tiny bit from bloated military budget and not doom people with preexisting conditions to death? Maybe?
Without a plan to replace Obamacare you will do more harm than good. Show us what Randcare would look like!
we will need leaders like you to save the US from @realDonaldTrump
You need to restore your dignity and your father's legacy. We The People are sick and tired of the puppets not doing their job.
The corrupt elites have sold out this country for decades while getting filthy rich.
Yes they have. I would like to have them prosecuted for treason. Not following oath of office.
The corrupt need to be prosecuted. Courage to take on the corrupt needs to prevail.
That is what I am hoping from Trump. Use the bully pulpit to disgrace the corrupt puppets.
Reform requires courage, integrity and fearlessness, the status quo only requires cowardice
Very true. How small and insignificant do you think Ryan was booed in his State?
Who cares? History shall prove you right or wrong one day for sure.
Wow! #RealRepublicans forgot Rand Paul was still in government. Go figure!
Oh such a righteous dingleberry. Get rid of it but face the consequences of the uninsured. Try pushing that cost to business
you all of it? What are you replacing it with?
Rand Paul you know the Republican  plan to steal Obamacare making it Republican care or Trump care.
audit the fed, lobby to get rid of corporate welfare. Canada spends 62% of its GDP on social benefits.
Freedom and Responsibility in ALL areas, please.
SUCH a principled stand, kicking the needy off of their insurance. That's line one in the Hippocratic Oath, right?
WAS THAT YOUR STANCE WHILE OBAMA DID NOT BALANCE THE BUDGET
So do you have a plan for the 22 million Americans you plan to kick outta the system? You know, bcuz pre-ACA was so great for them.
There are just as many people uninsured today as before Obamacare, it's just a different group of people
Good for you.  We need some "balance" in DC. Hang tough!
So I assume you will act as a firewall and block any of @realDonaldTrump legislation that will increase the national debt?
how about WE repeal YOU first chance we get.
Ideologues who don't see beyond their beliefs have no place in government policies.
.@RandPaul would you vote for a budget that balanced because it raised taxes (on the rich)?
I thought u were for smaller govt? Budget balancing is a straight jacket confining us to high taxes / large govt.
So what will happen to the tens of millions of Americans #whatotheroption
healthcare is a right, not a privilege.
why not focus like your DAD and free USA from Bankster Financial terrorists.Entire wealth of 99% stolen by 1%
BOTH PARTIES ARE FRAUD IN CONGRESS/SENATE & FRAUD PRESIDENTS PLANTED BY BANKSTERS LOOT 99% in USA DOJ/FBI/SEC terror
@alllibertynews @RandPaul @Variety can't wait to cancel my Netflix
Don't repeal ACA unless you include a health care replacement.
You can balance the budget w/out taking away access to healthcare & safety nets for our most in need.
but you voted for Trump
how old are you?
what? Yeah I'm thinking 8yrs old. Am I right?
whew thank God. That means Corporate Greed is ending!
had health care for 30'years wasn't great but reasonable 500.00 http://deductible.Now  13,000 a year and 5000.00 deductible
go after BIG Pharma & Big Agriculture; allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices for seniors

stay away from poor children's healthcare/food, SS & Medicare; focus on pentagon waste and
Hippocrates Republican @GOP
Racist @realDonaldTrump Bigot
Stand By
For Deployment Nuclear War Head @RandPaul
Thank you so much! I appreciate your public service to Americans!
Repeal Obamacare.  As fast as possible.
As opposed to the last 10 budgets you voted for?
Hey Rand, that should have been your first "act" upon your election. Instead political positioning is your life.
fully support your fiscal approach!  We can't afford the ACA.
It needs to be reformed, not repealed. To many Americans depend on it, plz use your conscience.
@GrrrGraphics @TIME - With Trump's fiscal responsibility, this should not be a problem.
better now than never Senator!! You are becoming more likable than some of your colleagues.
It's long overdue. And PLEASE remind people of the 10th amendment & that all New Deal programs are unconstitutional
Go ahead and tell that to people dying because they have no healthcare " Your survival isnt constitutional"
Demagogues aren't worth responses, but my own 65 yr old father had a heart attack & stroke 2 yrs ago with no insurance
You know how I helped? I worked for him at a salary WELL BELOW minimum wage. Freedom provides real solutions
claimed Reps have a mandate to repeal the ACA. This is mostly false; the public agrees with most aspects except the ind. mandate.
