Seems like @RandPaul has changed his tune on executive orders…
It's something that's already on the books. Hasn't been used in years.
Executive orders? They’re used all the time!

@RandPaul had taken a hard stand against their use, until now…
No. A law that's already on the books. Heard it on radio this morning. Don't know what it's called though. Someone will be talking about it.
EOs aren’t laws and that USED to be the problem @RandPaul had with them. This EO, regardless of being good, circumvents Congress & const.
What part of, "No. A law that's already on the books" don't you understand? Read your original question. The EO has to do with existing law
As far as I’m aware the text of the order is not public yet, but I have not seen any news agencies reporting your specific claim. Can u link
Heard it on radio this morning. Didn't hear entire report. Sorry! I heard, "it has to do with existing law that hasn't been utilized in yrs"
This is a very bad take. It is intended to destabilize the ACA making good coverage less affordable for many.
Seriously? I have crap coverage under Obama Tax Care. The only ones who benefit get it for free and us working class get skrewed.
They have Obamacare in Russia, PutinBot?
So, if one doesn't agree with you, you call us a bot? Lol Alrighty then.
Nope, all the ridiculous hashtags and contradictions (pro-gay + Trump supporter) the use of stock photos, etc.
That's great. Maybe he and I can become friends in the internment camps when your dear POTUS and VPOTUS decide we're abominations?
Will you bring us cookies out of guilt and self-loathing?
Pure crap that will cost Americans their lives.
Go back to Russia
Если бы я был на русском языке, я бы не беспокоился о здравоохранении в США.
So happy for you @RandPaul !!!! thank you for getting this push through! 
now please remove tax mandates and send out refunds!
Lori- do you know how very little $ the mandates cost and how much more the penalty for lapsed coverage in the AHCA would be?
Everyone smiling in photo must be charged with murder/attempted murder for taking away healthcare for millions, wh will lead to many deaths.
Our hardworking @POTUS will dismantle #Obamacare on his own becuz we have a pathetic #Congress who can’t get doneTrump always winning
Time to #ImpeachTrump
.Could you give an ID rundown of the people here ? Thank you.
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING A GREAT JOB FOR THE AMERICAN FAMILIES
Destroying them?
Sell outs! Anti-Amercian POS!!!!!!!
Can you please name all those other folks clapping for Trump?  I want to send them my thoughts..... 
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU need to put an end to the big #Healthcare Insur Cos. Not Covering people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Congress
Yes...the END OF BIG INSURANCE BAILOUTS!!!#PURCHASING INS.POLICIES OF UR CHOICE ACROSS STATE LINES # COMPETITION= BETTER CARE/LOWER COSTS
It's a start now Congress do your job
read it might surprise you
Assault on poor.
No. No. No.  Trump just signed an executive order that if allowed to go into force will screw over a significant number of his supporters.
Doug, what's the best way to have each of the ghouls in the background of your pic identified, left to right, by name?
That's how to get rid of Obama health care. Tear it apart piece by piece. Keep it up
#ORDER O-Offering R-Realizable D-Dreams E-Expedites R-Result
#ORDER O-Offering R-Realistic D-Directive E-Enables R-Reforms
Haters gonna hate...
Single payer like Canada is what we http://need.Healthcare  4 all
I like it.  Not happy it came to this but he is doing the will of the people that voted him in.  And  showing how pathetic all Congress is!
Stupid thing is still mandatory and crazy high penalties. Just wish make a pilot run for a short time not mandatory n see people drop it.
Good start
Rand paul for President
It's about time the Senator backing POTUS. M
They're domestic terrorists!
You mean executive order to murder people through medical bankruptcy?
called Asshole Granny behind her back.
I love the old loveable grandmotherly loving grandma loving all the selling out of the poorest in the nation. Actually, she's really
Folks who get govt guaranteed health coverage...

Applaud as Trump rips away govt protections from the rest of us
Don't make eye contact, don't make eye contact, don't make eye contact

Is this true? If so thank god
 only an issue when the black guy did it, eh?
Dear NYT.  Your characterization of the EO completely misrepresents its effects on actual people.  you do your readers a disservice.
Are you kidding?  That's how you're characterizing this?  Just repeat the party line?
Great picture of nasty people
#winning
Selling out Americans. Thanks GOP for hating poor people.
#disgusted
Yes, it will make the healthcare great AGAIN!
Thanks for your EO Dotard re: The ACA. I will most likely die being I have pre-existing conditions & don't have millions of $ to burn
Treachery captured on the digital record.
Look everyone, a fake signing ceremony for an executive order because he can't get a bill passed. #TrumpIsAMoron #25thAmendmentNow
I'm sure you applauded Obama doing it. 

#StandwithRand #MAGA
Thang God for Trump, a mover and shaker at last. Can' t wait 2 hear meda say something stupid.
Look familiar.....Fail
Proper caption: Trump signs Exec Order to further destroy the ACA
A Real doctor wouldn't go along with this, but he's a Politician first.
No more required vaccinations with Mercury and Glyphosate! Yeah Rand Paul!
So diseases that we eliminated decades ago can become epidemics again! Yeah Rand Paul!
If it's that good of an idea, sen Paul should practice what he preaches.
You better hope you never ever get sick. Trump is desperate.
Good luck to anyone who buys that pack of lies. Another Bites the Dust, LITERALLY!!
Great news...since our spineless GOP senate can't pass a simple bill!!! Must primary all never Trumpers!!!
8 million kids could lose healthcare insurance without the CHIP program
Dotard doesn't give a shit. He wants the sick & elderly to die.
How is this any different than what BHO did?  It isn't POTUS's job to do that, it is COTUS's job.
@RandPaul that smug look on your face while one of the most foul, evil men to ever call himself president congratulated himself   Disgusting
@RandPaul for new Senate Majority leader??
& do away protections on medical caused bankruptcies & pre-existing conditions,...u ass-clown!
Wonderful, let the insurance companies complete ..watch how low premiums go w better care, under OCare ppl hv no care
No it isn’t Obamacare BS payouts is the sellouts
Next order of business, drain the swamp. You are doing their work anyway.
Carry on President Trump. Drain the swamp. Drain the worthless establishment. Get rid of them all. I will clean the offices. No charge.
Start ending the failed ObamaCare if the Senate and House won’t do their jobs !!! MAGA !!!
No, just another scammy ploy to try to convince the voters thatPOTUS can change the laws of science, medicine and mathematics. #theCon is on
#StandWithRand
RT @realDonaldTrump THIS E.O. is a con job with No Substance, Quality, or the Right Stuff in it. A big sellout of #WeThePeople. #USA #fraud
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul This E.O. & Rand Paul's stupid plan does absolutely nothing to fix the real problems with #Healthcare. #ACA
A its better then nothing that's what we got now. Call the Dems and the Repubs.
RT This "somewhere" is a Road to Nowhere (aka failure). #WeThePeople need Executive Orders with "teeth"/substance. #USA #Americans #PJNET
Mr Paul, you have sided with insurance conglomerates against the sick, the elderly and the disabled. Explain each to your constituents.
Let's hope that this is the start of a great working relationship between @POTUS and @RandPaul for the remaining work on ACA repeal
He couldnt kill Obamacare now matter how hard he tried. So now he's going to slowly poison it to death.
#ORDER O-Offering R-Realistically D-Definition E-Enables R-Result
I hate his rotten guts.
@POTUS opening the floodgate for free market to rebuild greatest healthcare system in world destroyed by Obummer globalists
Haha, hilarious. You have and had for decades, the most expensive inefficient HC system in the world and nothing Rs want will change that
Great!!!!  Thank you for moving this forward!!!
Caption:  Isn't it great that we in Congress are sitting idly by as we abdicate our powers via Art. I, Sec. I to write laws to the POTUS?
They are letting Dotard do whatever he wants all the time. They are too chicken shit to stand up to that facist son of a bitch.
Dotard is sooo jealous of Obama!
Who is Obama again? Whatever legacy he had is completely gone! Hope and change? Obama couldn't make change in a laundromat.
Smart of him to take up RP's idea of consolidating groups to lower costs and get him on board
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr 
I hate that @POTUS had to do it that way....doing the Senate's job....won't be that way in 2019
Can we stop supporting the Welfare Queen states?
Common sense!
Taking healthy people out of pools do that they are only filled with the sick is not common sense. Will hugely raise prices and bankruptcies
Trump's just taken away 3million people's health care! He's evil!!
Don't forget to make healthcare costs transparent. We don't go to any business and buy anything not knowing the cost. Same should apply here
Well said Da Vega!
Who are the people in the room, supporting this dog pile EO?
what do you see is wrong with this? Who does it hurt? Just asking
They answer it better than I can:
Didn't see anything wrong with substance. wife and I pay $942 per month under the current Obamacare with $6500 deductible each. Is that ok?
