Great decision Rand. Thankful you worked on this with him. 
So you are the architect of f’n over Americans? How many will die, lose coverage, or go bankrupt while you keep your taxpayer funded HC.
Thank you so much Senator Paul for your excellent leadership on this.
You will have blood on your hands. There is no other words for you but depraved.
Please keep up the good work to bring health care even further
You have to realize trump is on his way out so joining him is hurting you and if KY lose their ins you'll be the one left holding the Bag
Rand - you looked ashamed today and wouldn't even look at Trump.  I couldn't blame you, Trumps disgusting .
Great the immensely unpopular administration working with the Senator that nobody in Congress agrees with; I’m sure the output will be great
The administration is popular, the Obstructionist Rand Paul is not. Buh Bye, Rand...you could have been a contender
I guess in your world 32% is popular
How many people will lose healthcare in your state because they can't pay the subsidy?
You don't need Gov., it pays your bills, the common folk need the government to help them. They are paying taxes not to relieve yours. Jerk
Screw YOU Rand Paul.  SCREW YOU.  You and that buffoon just F****D ALL Americans Health Care with A SMILE ON YOUR FACE.   YOU ARE PURE EVIL
Good job @RandPaul. Thank you for working with the President. You done good!
You mean repeal obomacare?
KEEP it up Rand Paul.
You are the guy who dragged a copier around the Capital to protest secrecy in healthcare, right?
Yes. I'm glad he did. He's consistent and doesn't get intimidated.
The point was it seems slightly hypocritical when no one knew anything about this until Trump announced it.
Then you weren't paying attention, because it has been in the news and on twitter more than once.
Meanwhile "Traitor" McCain has been Working Against Trump!
You are on the wrong road, buddy.
Good, now get some Democraps onboard.
Subsidy care will always be a conspiracy against the individual. Thought you were a Libertarian. Outlaw third party payers!
RT @realDonaldTrump @RandPaul This E.O. by Trump & Paul is a sell out of #WeThePeople to the corrupt/criminal Big Healthcare Insur Cos. #USA
sure he has.  Tell it to somebody else who'll believe you, Rand Paul.  LOL
Better of without government intrusion on healthcare. Reform Medicaid - where fraud runs rampant. Take care of vets, elderly, truly disabled
You and Trump are flim-flam men who don't give a damn about people, won't guarantee the insurance, & are shifting the money up to 1%ers.
Getter DONE
Thank You ! We need to get the ball rolling to fix the disaster know as Obamacare!
You had 8 years...
The company people work for stands behind self-insured insurance groups. Nobody will guarantee the small groups you are talking about.
Your hypocrisy is sickening.
You've turned Obamacare into Traumacare. You own it now.
1. Rand opposes HC bill.
2. Trump signs Rand’s EO request.
3. Rand votes for next HC bill.           4. They go play golf.
Disgusting move, Rand. You've let your country down.
Thank you, Senator Paul!! Maybe you can show others how to work with the President?!
I actually do think this true.. Didn't Obammy signed EO for Health Care, @realDonaldTrump can too!
Thank you Senator, for helping make something happen to free people from the chains of Obama care
Just another sell-out member, disgusting.
I hope so...
I’ll believe it when I see it.
I was a fan, but working with #trump you are complicit in the destruction of this nation. The apple fell pretty far this time...
Suggest to POTUS he end EO exempting Congress from Obamacare. That would cause repeal to pass.
Well that makes it even scarier!!!
Ya know, Rand is a good man.Not establishment,intelligent, and for "we the people".
RT @realDonaldTrump  @RandPaul's association plans still DISCRIMINATE AGAINST PEOPLE with PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS by CHARGING THEM MORE #USA
Yeah we’re screwed
They're also working on the secret plan to defeat ISIS.
excellent!!!
Sorry to hear you're trying to work with Trump. I sincerely thought you knew you can only work "for" a megalomaniac.
Now maybe McConnell n Ryan will get something done...Great Job Thank You
Its not a repeal!!
Big mistake siding with the chief douchebag Shitler cuz he will go down as the worst and GOP as complicit.
Mr Humble... Senator Paul..Ya right..you and @realDonaldTrump ! You wish.... Will believe it when I see it !!
I don't believe this creep wants anything passed. Just likes publicity. Creepy.
Well then DO IT.
I’m so tired.
How can this be true? You have sided with the Dems to obstruct. Anything is better than nothing. Vote with Trump on health care and tax cuts
#repeal
Oh, please.  How hard can Medicare for all be?  If you REALLY wanted to fix the problem, the solution is easy.
Fingers crossed !! Help The People Rand !
Hope that's true Rand has the best idea when it comes to HC
You say one thing (like in campaign), but do totally the OPPOSITE ONCE YOU ARE ELECTED. By the way, I AM A REPUBLICAN.
all of the Dems bacjked up O'bama. Why can't all you Republicans back up President Trump...b/c your all HYPOCRITICAL LIARS !

Keep Your Eye on The Nuclear Football 
Thank You @RandPaul , your the only one that gets it, and I assume, not getting paid by pharmas
He worked with trump alright but we call it something different "sabotage" selfishness, dictator by donors
DO IT!!!  Thanks senator!
Where's the beef G-Randstand Paul?
From what I am allowed to see, the potential changes mean you & Trump will be responsible for my death. I have a preexisting condition.
You can work with him for a year, he will find a way to stab you in the back. @potus is playing you. It's his nature, can't be stopped.
Quick fix for health plan, let the people of the US have the same insurance plan our elected officials have.
All you were doing is holding up the presidents agenda.
You KNOW that all legislation is open to amendments!Stop being a liberal obstructionists!Put a bill through,discuss it and freaking VOTE!
Then I hope you will support the POTUS tax plan and stop being a obstructionist!
Keep up the good work, One guy can make a difference, and your that guy.
Great the new Reality TV show Trump & Paul How to KILL Americans by Taking Healthcare Starting Nuclear War Stealing Money Wasting Taxpayer $
Maybe if had worked with Congress all that time something would have been done. #toolittletoolate
looooooong past due, what's going on?
Get on the Trump train or find another job!
Baby steps... Lets break this thing down brick by brick. Eventually it will get there. Also, the Senate should get what we get period!
#MKUltra proof #Anonymous  #Truth #RandalTurner #CabalExposed #DeepState https://youtu.be/F9kNsoHPteA  #WednesdayWisdom
#StandWithRand
Except when it comes to voting for it. Still playing the Obstructionist Card.
This is what I had been waiting for a senator actually doing what he said he was going to do!  Thank you
Fighting to legitimize fraud and corruption? Supporting self dealing & war mongering by POTUS? Acorn fell far from the tree. #DonTheCon
Oh goody
Get tax reform done! Get this legislation done before Thanksgiving!
Shame on you. You have let all peace loving Ron Paul supporters down by siding with a hateful war mongerer
Working to make certain that the working poor, elderly and the disabled cannot get healthcare and the military continues its bloat is wrong.
I think this is great. I have advocated 4 innovative approaches that will cost average person less money. Thanks, Sen. and @realDonaldTrump
Sir, an entitlement means, the rights too.  SSI and Medicare is paid for by the people.  You have no rights to touch that money  it is ours
Hurry up! We need a viable replacement before ACA totally collapses and leaves millions without the means to get care. 
#Healthcare
U better get taxes threw no BS this is ur last chance
As always his ideas are the only way. Or he goes into pout mode and negative sound BITES
You've been working alone, everyone else was working for us.stop obstructing
Keep on keeping on w/POTUS..
Hope the bill has proviobs to cover preexisting conditions!!!
Rand! Will you tell Trump about the deal Julian Assange wants to make for the real Russian collusion sources?
Here's a Senator who truly puts all American's best interest first. I look forward to ACA repeal and replace with what Senator Rand offers.
Get it done - all we have seen is talk - no action!
Yes Paul we are all supporting you do not give up!!!
So why didn't the president wait for a good health care bill instead of calling you a traitor?
Good. Being a licensed healthcare professional  working in two  small dental offices,  a reasonable option is needed.
Please make it better not worse...For all Americans
If true (meaning more than dialog during opportunistic meeting over a gourmet meal.  Thank you R.Paul 4 putting U.S. over personal bs.
You are a good man, senator Rand Paul.
Virginians paid him for this “work” I would say “more will be revealed”
So far, Rand has done nothing but obstruct, as I imagine he will continue to do. He must go!
If you can pull this off with Trump you will be the man.
#UGH #TrumpIsAMoron #WeDoNOTWantRepugnantconCrappyHealthcare
About time.
@JoeNBC He wasn't standing up to anyone with his no vote. He was working to stab everyone in the back. He is pathetic. #loyaltylunch
But you want give up your tax payer funded health care.   Will you ?
You've had 8 years to come up with a plan for health care. Come on. Get your act together. I'm an embarrassed republican.
We will be sending help in 2018 a lot of the old guard will be gone We The People
From someone that had ur sign for president and only ur sign. u go. He needs people like you giving good advice on the topics that affect us
Lmao.  As long as he doesn't have to vote for it.
Okay well let's getter done.
sounds good
Both
I hope that you are working with Trump because it appears that you are working against him. We have a McCain we don't want another 
@RandPaul thank you! Opening state lines will help us. We are forced to use the worst healthcare in our state, just because we live in SE KS and buy from the exchange website
Oh no!
Really?
Best reads-like-you-are-referring-to-yourself-in-the-3rd-person tweet I have ever read.
And his only requirement is that it be called "Randcare"
Let’s be honest.  The Senate Republicans need to be primaried
Gross.
He's working to kill American.  Paul hated the last DeathCare bill cause it let too many of us life.  Filth.
Those of us who pay full price... do NOT want all the O'care EHB's. They should be optional not mandatory. No mental, drug abuse, maternity.
Rand is the problem actually
I humbly disagree. I'm a #RonPaul supporter
You and Trump...you can't beat that team!
What part of full repeal don't you understand?
So you only care about the replacement of legislation with executive orders under Obama?
You've had over 7 years to work on it! Congress should be put on the same plan!
rand paul will the death of us all
Get it done, Senator !

@realPolitiDiva @PureMichGirl @MariviTrump @SparkleSoup45 @mitchellvii @VivaLaAmesX Maybe this has been the 4D chess play all along to force
a vote in the Senate and expose the Soros traitors for who they are.
Thank God. It's crazy I know to listen to a Dr
Stop working with that monster. You're disgusting @RandPaul. A real let down.
Simple. Whatever they pass they get also. No special Ins for congress.
It sounds better! We need solution, not ideology!
What move....middle class still be screwed my Obamacare
Trator !
I'm just going to stop by and laugh at you.
Go Rand Go!! 

Get it done.
Clarifying HSAs for #DPC would help too. Please.
Rand is the most rational, credible voice on government in health care. 
Good call, @POTUS. Wake__up, #GOP!
#MAGA 
Thanks
Healthcare is a right.
The working class cannot afford the ACA. High deductibles. Where is health care rights for re the working class. Get a job
Thank you Senator Paul. I'm positive it will be a lawful, constitutional bill.
Unless world war 3. Happens? Do something about that first!!!
I find it hard to believe
Work harder!!!
He's lying, if you wanna no what paul has been working on just ask his donors. I'm tired of the fraud freedom caucus . Their useless
Thank you @RandPaul for helping @realDonaldTrump  Make America Great (Free) Again!
Thank you Rand Paul. Man of honor integrity bypassing Leftist Socialist @GOP RINOs who sacrifice for personal gain. @POTUS @BreitbartNews
I need proof. They failed repeal
@RandPaul Why aren't you INSTEAD working with your fellow GOPers AND the Dems to do what the MAJORITY of Americans want: BIPARTISAN ACA FIX
We want full repeal
Now HERE'S a scary coalition -- Trump and Paul. Two politicians utterly disconnected from reality.
Nice. Love it!
