@wendy_soxy1girl @politico @pauldemko Just think of it as the "freedom to die without healthcare" plan and go from there.
@Depasquallers @politico @pauldemko Thank God for Senator Paul. He and Cruz appear to be the only one's who stand up to this crap.
B/C the rest are good ole boy worthless ESTABLISHMENT CARTEL HACKS! @RandPaul @Depasquallers @politico @pauldemko
That's exactly right. I'm tired of my kid's future being in the hands of crooks.
keep it up Rand
.@RandPaul @politico @pauldemko Appeasing the left on Obamacare is not a plan. It is surrender. Not what America voted for last November.
That's true. America voted - by about 3 million more - to keep Obamacare last year.
Irrelevant, you lost every majority.
not one size fits all for everyone let people shop like auto insurance
I'm sorry, but it's laughable at this point; ludicrous really. Go get 'em. Don't cut ur nose off to spite...
thank you for showing us backroom deals. We want to know!
A multi speciality Hospital is needed around 150 villages. Need to give the service to the people. I have the Land.
some employees can get better cov on the market instead of through employer
@tekstar77 @politico @pauldemko Hey genius the obama care was tanking no matter what so stop blaming Trump for redoing it
What a whiner. If he'd spend more time in the Senate and off Twitter, he'd probably know what's in it.
you know he doesn't really tweet all this himself, right!
Oh well, that's even more assuring. "just keep my dopey tweeps entertained, while I'm, uh . ."
senators do have staff. And for things like this, interns.
Wouldn't that be an awful job? What would you tell your friends? "I tweet for the Senator"
I do social media at work
:-)  EVERYBODY does social media at work.
no they don't. And there's whole companies you can hire to do it. Like all the company does is twitter, Instagram, etc.
health insurance should be individual like auto insurance and buy nationwide with tax credit and er contrib
Maybe it's a sting...maybe they're leaking a fake bill to some to whittle down the list of suspected leakers.
employers are not allowed to subsidize policies not purchased through employer that's wrong
excluding tax credits to those w cov through job is wrong ppl need to choose where they get coverage
@sarahnferris @politico @pauldemko it's in Ryan's wife's purse...along with his testicles
will you convince my senator @SenToddYoung it's time to represent Hoosiers and demand that the house bill be shared with us!
We cant let this crap go on ..obamacare is tge END OF OUR REPUBLIC
Sorry, Mr. Paul. Getting you a copy is much more complicated than anyone knew it could be. @realDonaldTrump
, Rand is getting salty  go get 'em! Haha
And: Yes, I would like one too:-) What's the Deal with it anyway? Surely you are kidding :-)
Why don't you stop with the grandstanding and do your job for once.
it's now #trumpcare remember #RepealAndReplace
You hang in there. Mark Sanford said he would release it over the weekend.
Paul Ryan on with @BretBaier ...says you are using this a publicity stunt..and what you are saying re: HC are lies
Let's see, Senator; this is a HOUSE plan. In what body do you serve?
they had better get govt out of healthcare. I am pissed. Not what we voted for. Fight, Rand
u deserve a copy I get the privacy thing but I don't get this totally
wish you were pres
work with the president and stop the damn leaks if this will Republicans leaking s*** they be in jail
please keep up the fight Senator #FullRepeal
I think the answer was NO way you & The ppl won't like it just the insurance companies
it's difficult being the junior senator Randy ... You always get the hand me downs. Later big guy.....
Just a guess, but has anyone asked the Russian Ambassador if he has it?
@tedcruz @RepDaveBrat @gatewaypundit @marklevinshow
Obama moles
What the hell are u guys gonna do about Obamas seditious activity?
leaks!
Rumor has it they are going to raise the rates for older individuals 5 times what it is now
starting to look real silly the way your acting ... American people can never rely on congress as usual !!
I can summarize: "Rich people pay less, poor people pay more." Filed right by "Tax Cuts for Billionaires" in the GOP secret vault.
Thank you!  Agree!   They probably fine tuning with the democrats. No tax credit for non taxpayers.
Probably just a game of Hangman.
The fact that leaks going straight to media are coming out of that oval says a lot about what ppl really think.
Is Medicaid even in it? Or do we just continue to ignore that some ppl are disabled? Like Paul Ryan's Ayn Rand obsession
omg. that was so funny.
Is time you Republicans ask for Jeff Session resignation for lying to us all.
@RiversideWDCPAC @politico @pauldemko I don't believe anything Politico or Fact Check does. They are slanted news.
PLAN IS JUST 1 OF 1 STEPS COMPLETE SO FAR - HOW TO ADD TAX DEDUCTIONS FOR THE RICH
very funny Dr. why don't u look instead at what your plan to gut the ACA will do to the poor.
go get um  Rand
We don't need a GOP "plan".  We need ACA repealed and a competitive free market solution.
You have to pass it to find out what's in it.
AHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
@RandPaul @politico @pauldemko
be careful, it's being hidden from Obama holdover leakers. We trust you but don't make it public yet when you find it
dumacrats will find a way to tear it apart before it has a chance. You can fix it without making it public yet
No your ideas Suck. Please. From a Life long GOP member.
You'll have to pass it 1st tho before u can read it. Just sayin
You are the best. By best I mean worst. But also this is grade A political comedy, keep it up.
Did you bring your cute little wagon and big boy britches? So cute.
The GOP are not "Christians"! They say they are to get votes! Their actions are blasphemous and they will burn in hell!
Keep it up Rand!!
how about putting forth some good fresh ideals about the subject as all congressmen should be doing
senator quit embarrassing we who live in KY, if u truly can't get a copy it's because u get radical at times
#randpaulftw
Don't even need to see it to know it's not gonna be good.
Epic.
tfw when POLITICO Pro Healthcare has your back
you gave him a copy -right?
@infobee @politico @pauldemko how is it that a news org gets details of a bill, but our congressmen don't get to see it?
Sir, your efforts are wasted. Ignore any replace efforts and fight for full repeal! Buster your own party on anything less!
But leaking is wrong!
If I don't have ACA full coverage I will die. Too young Medicare and do not qualify Medicaid.
I actually like you Rand...but this stunt is making me like you less...getting ur face on TV because media shows Repubs infighting..disloyal
you are one of the few congressmen who put your constituency ahead of personal gain. Thank you, sir
Ummmm your being sarcastic right? Funny either way, well to be fair he definitely care for his wealthy constituents.
I'm so confused. @CongCulberson office told me there wasn't one.
Why is @SpeakerRyan acting like the GOP version  of @NancyPelosi Keep fighting Rand! #Disgusting
this is absolutely insane.  I will never understand undermining your own party.
pretty funny when @GOP @HouseGop @SenateGOP can't even get on same page! Except 2  #faux45's behind! SAD
TFW you're a sitting US Senator who gets his own party's legislation from the press. Awkward.
Great Job in trying to find the truth.
here is another 1 , go to the FBI and get the info congress needs to investigate
Americans voted for a plan where people don't die in the street that is 'terrific'-your "plan" is nothing & noone wants it
Senator liked what u said on Wilkow!  Keep up the good fight!!!
@LeeStew82477210 @politico @pauldemko Maybe if we all ask, then @RandPaul will do the right thing and release or "leak" the doc!
No he is not going to let that out, he is one of the most hated people in the US as it is. lol
most likely #fakenews
hey Rand Paul can you stop trying to destroy health care for millions of Americans. Greatly appreciated
It is simple, destroy everything! What Rand Paul & Mitch McConnell needs to stay in the pharmaceutical pocket
@jenhab @politico @pauldemko You're obviously not going to like it
don't worry Rand, ACA will cover ppl who get poisond & sick frm coal companies freedom 2 dump waste in water
I'll give you the jist of it. It sucks. the sick will pay more, go bankrupt, and get very little. Lousy bill!
Leaks?
REPEAL AND FULLY REPLACE .....
Gutless Rs must stand up and fight for us, not their reelection
I'll send you a copy of my plan. It's perfect ACA replacement. Just ask.
don't let them push this through!!!
WTF WTH NAAAA MAN POLITICO HAS ACCESS GOLLIE WTF..
Please pass along this response to any Republican who doesn't want to fully repeal Obamacare & go free market
drama king. Sit down in the corner
"Who knew healthcare was so complicated."
Stop being A-hole what your plan
lol
@burgessev @politico @pauldemko poor Rand.
It's rather disturbing that elected officials do not get to see bill details that unelected news orgs do
Rand you spent all day yesterday looking and couldn't find it. There you go wasting taxpayer money again.
Just do a commando raid. You and your copy machine go through the vent system or something. You can do it!
Best mental image producing tweet today! Bravo!
Oh, wow, thank you for such a high compliment. I wish you were the one writing all of my teaching evaluations too, haha.
I'm surprised it wasn't leaked to nytimes this morning
Boss.
Can you explain why you want to kill something that was so good for your state? #Kynect
Because it wasn't good for the state
That's not what analysts and med professionals say.
