I see. You know the difference?  Such ignorance
Comey claims a memo he wrote on a FBI laptop was his personal property. What are your thoughts on his admittance to leaking it to press?
His Rory's to leak! How go you feel about @realDonaldTrump telling the Russians about Israeli intel about airline attacks! 
Story!
You are a poor slave! Do you work for free or are you getting paid? We are forced to listen to you, to look at you and we pay for that!
"We the people" are bigger than you!
@GOP Align w/ @POTUS -pass legislation 2 #MAGA Please 4go August recess-stay in DC-get the job done. Voters will thank U come election time.
DO NO HARM
Ur support of Trump's bad behavior will cost yous. How will you feel after you hear Session talking this week? Foot in mouth politics
Sometimes I like you, sometimes you make no sense. Today, you made me ill. You are deaf to truth.
Like @OrrinHatch ?? Deaf, dumb and senile?!!?
@Potus presided over a campaign staff colluding with Russian spies to hack election (ie Page Manafort Flynn). plausible deniability? NOT!!!
And Jared kushner!

And he Rand
He Rand so far a-wayyyyyyyyy https://twitter.com/ALT_uscis/status/874972509875183616 …
Senator Rand Paul how much of your campaign was funded by instate constituents?
You are going to get voted out!
Why do you have to be such an obstructionist?  You are acting no better than a Democrat!
Jerry brown sharing taxpayer technology with the Chinese will threaten the car plants in your state .
China cut trade with South Korea to pull thaad,endangering over 24000 soldiers, stole our drone, threaten our planes, etc.
Thankful for the few!  Thankful for you!
All Reps should be present & involved in this country's #Healthcare plan & Budget for its citizens. #Democracy
Keep up the efforts to fix taxes, and acha!
In your dreams!
Please vote NO on the Senate version of AHCA.
In your dreams! A former doctor who has zero compassion for those of us who need affordable healthcare! 
The Senate needs to Censure Crass Senator Gilibrand for saying FU to Our President Trump.. There is a right to civil discourse not curses.
Good to know that Trump drained the swamp, right Rand? No corruption there.
Paul in 24
If you vote for the AHCA, against the firm desire of 84% of Americans, the consequences for the right will be brutal. BRUTAL!
This is going to cost us in technology ,,future and current jobs , he undercutting our auto industry and computers , possible national secur
Stop Jerry brown this is espionage , he not allowed to make trade pacts, that's infringement , he undercutting America future
http://www.latimes.com/politics/la-pol-ca-on-politics-column-20170602-story.html … you defending an obstructionist & an abuser of power in #TreasonousTrump is beyond vile. #unamerican #ImpeachTrump
Assuming a full repeal of AHA, where do I find an outline of your version of the new healthcare law? Care for elderly/newborn/sick/disabled?
If you help pass this bill you will kill me
Shame on you for defending Trump.. sold your soul to the devil!
I hope you go down too
So who leaked the letter about Hillary's investigation in October 2016? Not Comey. It was only addressed to Republicans. I have a copy
That does it! I'm following YOU! You are really shining Sir! 
Keep up the good work, Rand.
We love you Rand! You're a force of nature!
@RandPaul can you defend the bullet points in this? We want your healthcare.
You're the best thing in DC
Best ignorant thing! 
Any idea when will sign thehearing protection act into law?
Alex Jones?
You sold out to Trump.
@mkibbe! I'm a Freedom works member cuz of him!  #Libertarians
where's the battleship/fighter jet?
time to liberate libertarianism from climate science denialism
It time educate you on how the fraud of human made cliate change is be used elite to enslave you!!!
Liberty loving reporters? Those still exist? 
Nice to know those still exist. I thought they were extinct.
I thought all reporters perpetuated fake news...?
Guess it turns out that your NOT a real patriot !
N.A.W.A.P.A.!

Tell me some legislation will be moving forward.

You are one of the few good ones, Mr. Paul.

Hang in there!

: )B
#StandWithRand enjoy you got this....
There are reporters NOT covering #ComeyDay #ComeyTestimony ??
What country are they from.
Platitudes to freedom and liberty don't actually mean freedom and liberty.
Another Freak Show. Which tent are you in? Are they potty trained?
Most reporters are liberty loving. Freedom of the press protects our liberty from corrupt elected officials.
As opposed to...
Shouldn't they be covering the guy talking about the large scale effort to subvert our liberty and independence?
Nah. BIG nothing-burger there.

: )B
Thank you!
Please investigate Lynch telling Comey not to investigate!
Yes, please Mr. Paul, we are so tired of the corruption.
Except when it's @realDonaldTrump who lies, hasn't released his taxes and has conflicts of emolument clause!Besides being mentally unwell! 
you will always be my guy, rand!
That's your problem! 
