Shut this man up!
Every time you think.... you weaken the nation
thank god you're not president every country in the world would have nukes except the US
#syria gas attack is AWFUL. What's surprising is lack of #Putin & #Iran reaction for #SyriaairStrikes #americanmediafools should investigate
senator stop trying to be president. there is only one n that is Trump. now follow or we'll vote u out.
No. A president can use force when deemed required for up to ninety days w/o Congress approval under the War Powers Act.
You would be wrong! Thank God for actions taken. Support your president!
@RandPaul <== Ya "think"? You need to read that document you swore to uphold!!! THE CONSTITUTION
You r right!
Your wrong. He can take limited action Constitutionally. Has I believe 60 or 90 days to inform Congress of his Syria plan.
Yes, correct.
With all the leaks in the WH, Trump was right to keep quiet on Syria. #trustnoone
You and your father are a little on the pessimistic side of things.
I think that when we finally decide to 'declare war' we will ask for your approval...Until then, have another Coke on my tab and relax.
Fox, why do you keep giving RP a platform to run his mouth.
Let him go to CNN to spread his BS.
So disappointed in Rand Paul.
Senator Rand Paul, The use of chemical weapons is an attack on all of us. As much as I dislike President Trump he did the right thing.
What about all the other unconstitutional things Obama did, where were you then?
Here here!!!
You "think" it's unconstitutional, but fact is- it's not. sorry you were left out of the loop -do your job & get the healthcare bill done
Treaties are law of the land in US Constitution. The US signed treaties that require each nation to act against War Crimes offenders.
I think u r a traitor!!
Rand I was warming up to you until that comment. There must be more that goes along with it. What's the whole comment?
Yeah you dip shit Rand Paul Let's give them heads up.
That's why it's so hard to support you, your all over the place in what you think gov is and can do, can you say extremist?
nice tie
If @POTUS waited for any body of GOVT to act, we would be entering summertime! Get with our President and support this action as POSITIVE!~
45 isn't familiar with the constitution...that's fairly obvious.
I THINK HIS WIG IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL, RAND IS A LOOSE CANNON AND HE HAS NO MORALS TO DISAGREE WITH THIS ONE
The senseless murder of innocent people isn't constitutional either! This evil will spread to other nations including our own if not stopped
Rand needs to brush up on his Constitution.
That's the problem! Being politically correct will kill us! We've already been made to look like wussies who would be passive to their evil!
We didn't elect you Rand as president. Get on board.  Get busy living or get busy dieing!
Do more Children have to be gassed first before you agree President Trump needs to take action.
Let's talk about it Senator...maybe another committee to talk it over would work for you. Maybe wait till chemicals are used on us? Yea talk
No Rita, we need another investigation!
I know...right!!!
@RandPaul a discussion for you and @POTUS not for you and the media
.@FoxBusiness & @RandPaul Here's a great explanation of why action by @POTUS was LEGAL:
YOU'RE Unconstitutional!!!
#StandWithRand
I just remembered why I don't like you. Thanks. 
Now I know why you will never be President Rand. You talk too much; get to work! Support our working president. 
hey what do you want to do keep the same as BARRY SOETORO DID NOTHING AND LIED ABT THE CHEMICALWARFARE  WE NOW HAVE A PRESIDENT THAT WILL DO
SOMETHING TO STOP IT
@realDonaldTrump is our commander and chief, maybe we need a Congress that can actually back him up.
Stop thinking!
The United States Constitution does not apply to a foreign country. How in the world did you make it into office?
After the 91 day mark you can say that. Until then sit back
What is unconstitutional is Al Sharpton not paying taxes
Oh paleeez, this should have been done during Obama. Relax Paul, it's gonna be OK.
You "think"? We know...
Maybe you should read the constitution and state facts not what "you think".. it's NOT unconstitutional 4 the President 2 use limited action
How would u like your babies gased
You know you are wrong Rand. Shut up and sit down.
You say, I think its unconstitutional???  You think???  I think you should be quiet.
This is why @RandPaul couldn't get 1% of vote in primaries. Dealing with reality not ideals
Thank u
Please he didn't need your approval to act on air strikes to Congress to approve when you all can't tell your left hand from your right!
How many times has #RamblingRand going to cry "unconstitutional"? He is like a broken record with no answers. #fakePaulRand
Fire this quack @realDonaldTrump
Rand would rather wait a while, maybe see our troops hit with chemical warfare, then would write a strong letter
Why should our troops be in another country?

The hell with rand Paul get real children are dying
Would you have written a letter and asked them to "stop it Assaad, cut that out now ok"
Rand Paul needs to stop the press conferences. He should know what the president did was legal and there is precedence.
I like Rand but he needs to look at the big picture. We cant allow Syria to gas their people without consequences.
Strike was unconstitutional
To Senator Rand Paul, I have a great respect for you, but you're wrong on this one, The President dose have the authority here..!!
Correct
Thank u
I would be surprised if RandPaul said anything else.
Another committee to accomplish nothing
