Yes! We don't want gov to run/ruin our h/care system (look at VA, Post Office, DeptEd) wasteful unaccountable-Watch!
difference is, trump EO is to get the gov out. Obama used them to get gov in our lives.
still not as good as a singular pooled insurance why pool in many when there could be a singular pool?
Because that gives the insurance companies ALL the power.
but it would cover all while removing the profits and effectively eliminating the central control by a round table ofstate elected officials
I want to choose my care. Me. Not a round table of politicians.
You would be giving MORE power to those politicians, not less over care choice.
the round table would be elected people who would lose power if they didnt do what we the people wanted unlike for profit insurance
And if people don't like a service, then the service providers profits go away. A lot more incentive to get it right.
There are career politicians that should have been voted out DECADES ago, but weren't because nobody challenged them.
the individual mandate clearly gives insurance companies all of the leverage. thanks Rand <3<3

ICYMI: Sen. Rand Paul Meets With Rep. Dana Rohrabacher - and White Supremacist Chuck C. Johnson http://lgf.bz/2wOcPCF  
Thank you HarrisFaulkner. Good show 
From now on, anyone who pays more for health coverage or loses it due to preexisting condition can ONLY blame @realDonaldTrump & #Trumpcare.
I really love Harris. No anger, no nasty remarks, just intelligent questions and respect for the guests opinions.
RT @realDonaldTrump YOU need to put an end to the big #Healthcare Insur Cos. Not Covering people with preexisting conditions. #USA #Congress

They're not looking out for the people with no access or financial means to health care.



@casiichandler your boy
Great work, once again great interview by Harris Faulkner, w/excellent guest @RandPaul !
One of the smartest leaders on Capital Hill, @RandPaul  .
@RandPaul the great state of Kentucky is lucky to have you, Florida is waiting for your retirement, we sure can use your help.
Good reporting Harris! 
Well done Rand !  Making Kentucky proud of your effort. Keep up the hard work.
Need to totally repeal The Dems Insurance Mafia ! That threatens the lives and wellbeing of all Americans. Put limits on Big Insurance Mafia
#StandWithRand.   #MAGA
You're one of my favorites Harris.  Professional, precise and you ask clear, smart questions.
I always thought this guy made sense. First on Obamacare repeal/replace and now on tax reform for the middle class. Good job Rand Paul!
Great interview, Harris!! Love you more each day!
Thank you sir!
@cronair @Schmieg__
I Like what im Hearing!
So glad @HARRISFAULKNER got her own show!  Long overdue!
Rand Paul is a true statesman
C'mon Rand, what Americans even want to "associate" with sick people with huge medical bills??????  HA HA HA HA HA
Employer purchased health insurance is the ULTIMATE association health plan.  Healthy people do not want sick people to join their risk pool
End aid to UN and all foreign aid until disasters and fed debt are paid
I don't always agree with him nut i have a lot of respect for him.  You know where he stands and why.
You just don’t like when the black guy does stuff trough EO?
Such a sexy woman
@HARRISFAULKNER
Who is this lady? I love how she interviews. Need to see more of her brilliance.
Can you tell us about the mortgage interest expense and what limits it might change? you better not get rid of that!
Rand Paul is the president we need, not the president we deserve.
http://pieceofnews.com/?p=1873 
@HARRISFAULKNER is such a class act! Thanks for asking the right questions to clear things up!
the only senator trying to make a positive difference
Senator Rand Paul will make a great Senate Majority Leader...please Mitch Mcconnell it’s time to go...it’s time to retire.
Rand has become almost as RINO as Mitch
.. I think u mean a principled conservative!? He hasn't supported any of those establishment proposals yet..
With unilateral Executive Order, @POTUS continues to segregate sick & suffering from wealthy & healthy. We are stronger and kinder than that
Thank you Senator Rand Paul for your hard work work on the Healthcare Bill and for your continued support of President Trump.
This individual Rand Paul  the more he talks the more he shows how much he has no connection with the Americans.
Liar
Maybe someone is finally looking out for tax paying small business owners.
Awesome Interview @RandPaul finally someone is breaking down the nuts & bolts of this Tax plan; current 25% bracket need a tax cut 2 @POTUS
Love rand paul also. Its great, 2 intelligent people. Wish he was POTUS
I thought the @GOP hated Executive Orders?

Did you hear about the man who planted a bomb at an American airport LAST FRIDAY?

Of course not.…
He’s right. Those making 75k to 300k need  protection.
Worthless policies are what the Repubs are giving to America. You might as well throw that money into the trash.
Trump would not be president if it wasn't for interference and voter-suppression by the Russians. He refuses to speak against the Russians.
Well I’m glad he’s happy. But some one should tell him it’s very hard to like 100% of everything. In some cases 50% is better then 0 % Right
Very good interview. Harris knows her stuff inside out. Bravo.
Harris Paul & party had 71/2yrs. they have done nothing!Pres. Trump cld easily start 3rd party w/ his 30-35% hard base.
bipartisan way, why not improve on the plan that's already out there?? It should be Country over Party.
I guess when people are suffering under a Trump health care plan, they will wish that the ACA hadn't been abandoned. Working in a......
Get rid of the penalty on the ACA. That's the stupidest thing I've ever heard of!!!
As a constituent of @RandPaul, I'm glad he spoke up for the middle class & clarified that they are NOT getting a tax cut in the GOP bill.
Can’t had enough of Rand Paul to last tons of lifetimes. Rand Paul just wants to be important NOT WORKING Rand get to the people’s work

No we don't not at all
As the healthy people move to skimpy plans, insurance goes up for those who keep plans that cover hospitalization, etc.
So in other words ,use the ER for your health
If Congress would stop their immature act of refusing to work with POTUS, a lot more issues would get resolved w/ bipartisan support!!
Rand Paul is one of many examples. Dems & Reps!!  Grow up & work like mature adults. That's what you were elected to do!!
Rand Paul Senator from Grandstandingastan
If ACA was sinking all by itself then why fire the torpedoes ?
They just served up  steaming platter of junk Ayn Rand style
Cross-State Health Plans Prove Popular But Unsuccessful
Fox, you are slowly losing every intelligent follower you have, I left years ago
WTH You’re here now
THE LITTLE BASTARD I HOPE HE IS HAPPY
,

Could it be John Bass, the Reaper https://twitter.com/Takvimgeldi/status/918532920972849152 …
Rand Paul's hair looks like Justin Timberlake's hair in N'Sync
Check out the Twitter storm #eldorme
