You need to take business out of healthcare! Show some humanity!
Yeah, that's why hes dropping socialized healthcare. It only empowers the corporations closest to the Federal Government.
We already know the for-profit private healthcare model only results in exorbitant prices all around.
Not in Switzerland. US system is far too over regulated.
We need a system which truly empowers the consumer. This will drive the costs down through cash competition, just as it has with Lasek.
When you have doctor's graduating with hundreds of thousands of dollars in student debt, they have to charge high prices to pay those loans.
Doctor's charge more for things when insurance is covering it, and insurance jacks the price up because they're subsidized by Medicare/aid.
That's why the government needs more authority to negotiate prices with insurance companies. Problem still starts with cost of education.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
Somebody has to be the grown up and fix you guy's mistakes.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Capitol Police are physically removing protesters who are staging a "die-in" in front of McConnell's office 
I get the feeling you're just a bot. Or you're lacking any critical thinking abilities.
http://Why.are.you.talking.to.a.bot  #NOCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
150% of poverty= $9/hr for 40 hrs/wk. $6000=ONE THIRD of pre-tax income. So, choice becomes hc or rent, hc or food. #BCRA https://twitter.com/larry_levitt/status/878605553705943040 …
Yeah, so drop the policies  (Medicare & Medicaid) that are having the biggest impact on prices today. Also, drop the FDA approval bar.
Sure I understand you believe that, link to SMEs that corroborate your claims #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare
A picture is worth a 1000 soulless words... #AHCA 
You're asking me to substantiate something that's already proven to be worthy of a law against it, unless you're gov- it's price fixing.
You say freedom to choose whether one wants med ins. Is car ins mandatory?
Car insurance isn't mandatory.
It is in my state if it's on the road.
Right. But you don't have to have a car.
Only if you want a reasonable chance at a job, going to the groceries, you know, life. But the same principle behind requiring auto. Cheaper
It's time for single-payer. Period.
Keep dreaming, Commie.
As usual Rand Paul is the conscience of America or naive obstructionist.  I prefer to think the former.  Good job Rand, keep it up.
Are you implying that my hero Rand is light in the loafers.  That sir is an entirerly different subject and quite rude!
Wake up and smell the petunias Brad.  You are about 3 days and a hundred dollars short.
Just let them die like the poor people, Big Auto and AIG, right Rand? But Big Pharma has to be able maintain their profits, right Dr. Paul?
Stop calling plans that don't cover basic needs as inexpensive. The inadequacy cheats consumers , you can buy AFFLAC Single payer!!!!
Is that 27 year old guy who doesn't want a policy with maternity care going to abstain from sex with females until he's ready for children?
@RandPaul, Actually, the ACA was first proposed by ROMNEY. It IS a conservative notion to get everyone on healthcare, reduce drain on econ.
Another huge problem blocking inovation in techhealth industry,is NOT releasing specific disease data so that AI and algorythms actuallywork
It isn't a Constitutional notion either.
Sen Paul, we're trying to repeal the ACA. The new bill isn't perfect but it's better for America. Support it and tweak minutia later.
Having a hard time finding any legislation at all the freedom caucus has actually voted on Besides protest Obamacare votes and NOW you cant
Part of governing ISN'T SELLING BOOKS ON MARK LEVIN'S TALK RADIO PROGRAM
Ok while that's correct in principle you are the controlling party and HAVE TO GOVERN
VOTE NO ON THIS DUMPSTER FIRE OF A BILL THAT MITCH WANTS TO RAM DOWN YOUR THROAT.  WORK LONGER TO GET IT RIGHT.  DON'T LET TRUMP BULLY YOU.
Sorry I missed this. Interesting.
@mariannecope 's boss is awesome. I wish there were more like him in the legislature.
He's okay I guess :)
Shame on you. Do you really think Trump would allow thousands of people to die?
You cant have Gov't pay a forprofit biz to provide a service to people. that doesnt work. You also cant let big business profit off health
I mean what the heck do you expect that some bill, will somehow, without a mandate, MAKE healthy ppl buy insurance.Thats beyond reality!
RP, U R not thinking. Bailing insurance COs frees them to make premiums less, whc benefits US!If U don't do this, Dems will win in end cmon!
LOL. I love the fact that you trumpturds are illiterate as well as stupid ;-)
your seat is safe bc you show up when its time to + produce good work for us...republicans should be scared come 2018. libertarians will win
If you don't want government that is involved in improving the lives of citizens, let's remove the requirement to pay income tax.
Let's take it a step further and repeal 1913
creating a sub prime market for insurance is what we had PRE ACA. it does not work.
GOP shudn't pass socialist-lite bill. Conservs- FULL 10th amend/all2State or fix ACA. GOP shud B answer 2 Dem, not DNC-lite
Then stop talking & fix it! I'm OK with people getting insurance after they are sick as long as they have to stay & not get to go in & out!
Just keep messing around with Healthcare and not pass a workable bill you and the GOP will be in the Minority in 2018
If ur a doctor then YOU submit a bill...Congress is so damn slow!!! nearly EIGHT YEARS 2 get it fixed...Time 4 next election...#TermLimits
Solution:  De-fund the Drug War.  Divert those billions away from prisons and into healthcare.
Is there a way to obtain coverage after getting sick without gov subsidies? @RandPaul #freemarket
Ohhhh nooooo....
Why would Mr. Paul oppose sending it back to the house? House is more conservative.  His objections are noted.
Sen. Paul,please work with @POTUS & compromise 2 Repeal/Replace OCare.Unite @GOP to pass it or GOP will lose seats in 2018.We must win this!
Lier and i voted for you
They've made things so bad our Health System, not all ACA fault but lot,they end up keeping people sick who should be well even with "care",
GOP Senators need 2 realize libs/Dems/media etc R going 2 hate ANY GOP plan so u might as well go for the brass ring!!#FreeMarketHealthcare

As governor, I'll fight to #SaveMedicaid in Virginia and work to expand it so everyone has access to quality, affordable healthcare. 
YeAh, let's fight to keep one of the biggest contributors to today's high costs in healthcare.
Repeal and replace OBAMAcare.
Senator   Paul.
What is wrong to keep pre-existing condition to KEEP your kids in your plan.
It is a problem for you?!.
We want to keep that
@RandPaul  This suggestion!  Primary Care Assurance   Customer pays for Primary Care on arrange Medical  Network!  Insurance for operation!
Why can't the improvements be done first?
Can someone tell me what are the biggest costs in healthcare? Diabetes? MRIs? Nurses? The big numbers got to be whacked
It's the last year of life, usually, because of all of the expensive cost of care. The biggest contributing factor is  maybe obesity
Please help fix the bill so illegals and refuges must have to live here a certain number of years to keep them from burdening the programs,
But bailing out big banks again is fine, right?  That's what repealing Dodd-Frank would potentially expose us to.
Big Insurance IS Big Banking.  Look it up.
SenatorPaul should have reminded LittleGeorgie that Obama corrupt scheme raided Fannie/Freddy mortgage accounts to pay off O-care insurers-
Yep, agreed - Sen can you get the state line restrictions removed in this bill?
It's age discrimination. I think that's why they want to waive the employer mandate. smh.
Please don't let Trump put his name on this.
@VSullivan4NH 
Senator Rand Paul saying;
Conservatives not 4Subsidies 2Insurance Companies 
Free Market Healthcare
Get'em Rand!!
so he likes the fines on americans that double every year till you go to jail for tax non payment?
Paul says "Peoplewith Preexisting won't be discriminated against because we just won't Cover them in the first place"
Sen Rand. You need to negotiate and do best you can and.          Vote YES !!   Do something!! For the party !!
Govt obliges everyone to pay for things they don't personally use..subsidies to farmers, schools, roads, etc. We are a society. Ayn RAND?
But @RandPaul - PLEASE DONT  OBSTRUCT THE @POTUS!! SOMETHING HAS TO BE DONE!  Sell across state lines!! Start there!! We need COMPETITION!
Kentucky SenatorRand Paul speaks the "TREWTH" on what's Fair for 
America's Healthcare Future 
@VSullivan4NH@Greymantle @randwarrior62@americasliberty @billyboblee310@HAYESRANDOLPH @harleygrl3465 @jackhunter74
That part I agree with, I don't to give a cent to ins. comps.
Corporate free loaders!(socialists).Allow mom&pop small business to enter and compete in the sector to make it cheaper than junk food!
Dear federal government : 

GET OUT OF THE HEALTHCARE/INSURANCE BUSINESS !

Thank you,
The American Taxpayer
@mike_felan @RandPaul the man with integrity. Just like his dad..

No kidding, I had somebody ask me last night which party Sen Paul was from. They honestly thought he was Democrat. Very shaky ground he's on
Amazing! Finally a chance to pass a new health care bill and you aren't happy? VERY SAD! YOU are the one holding everything up.
The woman Rand Paul was named after:  Ayn Rand
He makes me so happy I could cry...please listen to him..let's move to direct primary care and private pay !! No new entitlements..PLEASE 
LIAR, one of DT's golf partner will kiss his butt like the rest of them! He will pass this bill!
What's he lying about?
THIS CLOWN is the PRICK of the universe with no sign of a conscience. It is a government's RESPONSIBILITY to take care of it's people!
I heard that u would like to c a repeal of obamacare not obamacare light but not to include security for preexisting cond is cruel!
Agreed....But Democrats have expanded medicaid so millions rely on it. So what you have now, is an 18 wheeler that can't take a quick turn.
Forget the insurance companies. Do simple math instead. What did the people spend in total on healthcare and how much did the government...
...spend in total on healthcare. Take that amount, deduct the total amount the insurance companies paid out to healthcare providers and...
...the amount left is what the American taxpayer should be saving. Simple math, it's something every American can grasp. Unlike the tax code
The ability to market insurance across state lines is THE single greatest component of transforming ins. companies from gov. to free market.
@If you were honest you would get group of#GOP's 2 "out" Trump. 1st on agenda 4 Trump 2 release promised TAXES. Goldmine of NEEDED info.
Please don't give up guys until the ability to sell acros states is included, painful at first to the Ins. Co., but best opp. for innovation
If only one store were allowed to sell shoes in the US, it would spawn a whole new financial sector just to accommodate peeps ability to buy
Not a bailout,  it's to taking of money's from underfunded programs and making it available to health cos.
@your theory as fake as 3 $ bill. Be honest U want 2 reward rich therefore agreeing (& bet) will vote with Mitch & Trump.
"Fake#Rand Paul promotes richest getting Jackpot of's. Would agree if paid. But pay lawyers & use loopholes So working Ppl pay rich bill.
Sen Paul- What eve happened 2 REPEAL? Were Repubs afraid 2this? Did Pres put u in tight spot w promisng REPLACE? I DON'T get why this way?
...good to see you follow your conscience ...and just don't do what you are told
Esp lose the penalty for not having health insurance. Then greedy insurance companies forced to provide a competitive product
My wife & I have spent over $70,000 since 2013 for ponzicare We can't afford it anymore We have to drop out FIX IT
Expose your 5's bill. Let public see it. Stop the vote and repair bill before NO vote embarrasses Trump.Get his support 4 ur bill.
More people working =more with insurance/removal of Ocare more hiring possible ! Rand likes attention,but missing big picture
WTH is he talking about!? This from a Dr really right?!
should not give a dime to any insurance company!
Stick to your guns Rand Paul... No Government Run Healthcare!!!  The US IS NOT A SOCIALIST COUNTRY
Rand, stop Mitch and Trump from killing millions by taking away their insurance! Push for single payer for everyone even elected politician
Good point, Sen Paul! @POTUS needs to be aware this ObamaCare Lite is no better for Americans, but is only free money to Big Insurance!
HOLD the LINE, RAND Like Yr Father Wud! B "Dr. NO" w UNCONSTITUTIONAL PROPOSALS. #RepealObamaCare
It was a bad idea then and it's a bad idea now.
A market based health system with minimal government intrusion would be better for everyone. Thank you Sen. Paul for opposing Big Gov.
Sen. Paul-I appreciate your independent thinking, but Obamacare is gone-dead! Work with POTUS n other Senators. Make it happen now!
Please remain firm on health care.
bring war cost down-let putin pay his us taxes, not take blue tax dollars to offshore bank-bank robbery via gop @CAGOP
Mr. Paul instead of bitching about it why don't you help fix it
No bail out for insurance companies. They was 100% be hide Obamacare. Let them feel the pain for trying to be greedy
Big talk Paul, let's see how you vote! My bets on yes!
I really wish you would just post the vid w/o cherry picking quotes.
Fight hard. Compromise,if necessary,to repeal,replace/reform what the ACA is. Call out opponents if they slander change as "killing people."
It seems the mass of sheep just want anything so they can start bahing about it as they are being fleeced.
You will NEVER CUT healthcare costs if Insurance companies exist!
#StandWithRand
I agree the Republicans should have just repealed ACA. But they got scared and went this route. Democrats are laughing at them.
The Financial Industry's entitlement mindset ... Privatize the profits and socialize the losses.
Right on.
more tax cuts for the rich and less health care for the poor-2018
He's right. Deregulate.
#repealdontreplace 
#Freemarkethealthcare
You have over 300,000 people on medicare And you want to cut it go luck in your re-election!
I STAND WITH RAND.
Hey @RandPaul
THAT'S NOT HOW INSURANCE WORKS!
ALL must contribute to balance out the cost
Your #WMP is showing
A woman birthed u, you dolt
#Repeal and don't replace! Get it done.
If we offer a one payer system, but offset it with no Medicare, no Medicaid, no BLM, no DEA, no ATF, no Dept of Ed, no IRS...win win, right?
Disgusting
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
Ever ask why the bill was so high in the first place?
Because diseases take a lot of care. Share your links #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
Not an answer. Insurance companies are big moneymakers.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
Insurance companies are in business to make money just like every other company. If they don't they WON'T stay in business. Would YOU?
I would not open a business to GIVE away things. I don't want to bail them out either but they do have a right as a BUSINESS to make money
Should be using our majorities to shut down federal bureaucracy, not add to it! #MAGA #DrainTheSwamp
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NOCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
150% of poverty= $9/hr for 40 hrs/wk. $6000=ONE THIRD of pre-tax income. So, choice becomes hc or rent, hc or food. #BCRA https://twitter.com/larry_levitt/status/878605553705943040 …
So obstruct right...American people are use to nothing getting done!
Why isn't Rand Paul in charge of the healthcare repeal and replace
Govt should not be in Insurance Business!  Just govern..Get out of insurance, education and Abortion industries.
I hope u did more than look like a Democrat Kissing G SNUFALUFAGUS ASS! #WAKEUPAMERICA try standing with your Party!
He just wants the same plan trump brought up in the state of the union address. This isn’t close to the same thing.
We need a good plan.. its going to be impossible to pop the bottle out of mouths of ppl WORKING THE SYSTEM! They should though &just do it!
It’s not that easy. They are doing this behind closed doors. I want them to get it right. Rand is an eye doctor who knows these things.
Ok, dems had no clue what they signed into law &were praised for it? Thats crazy. They need amendments but have to come out less combative!
Very important point, this bill is a BAILOUT to INSURANCE COMPANIES, why do republicans support this?
Republicans are being sold a magic trick called healthcare bill. It won't lower cost or improve healthcare. Just bailout ins co's
It's form of double taxation. You're taxed once for the bailouts and subsidies then taxed again for the policy. It's illegal to mandate...
...taxpayers pay for insurance policies twice as a tax.
Gads! Consider the problem & continue forever? Scary...
Good sir fixing it
I agree
Rand Paul (R) calls Trump a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag
@SenateMajLdr @RandPaul (2013) caught on HOT MIC discussing GOP "healthcare" bill strategy. 4 yrs later...nothing has changed!#SundayMorning
Wow, you caught him on mic caring about his job. What was that supposed to be? He says nothing of importance here, desperation on your part.
He was caught prioritizing his party over our country. Healthcare is not a political pawn.
Actually, he wasn't caught doing anything but discussing Senatorial tactics. Nothing stated here was nefarious, no matter how hard you try.
I agree w/Rand, but ACA was several bills and it will need wound down. Many were caught in it snare. Fill the hole a shovel at a time.
There is NO bill that will work in a single stroke-Its too BIG for any party-something'open sourced' shld be passed w/the ability to adjust
Repeal & free market is the starting point
If we really want to help the poor, quit spending millions of dollars on refugees, illegals & help our poor. Why don't we America, Votes!
Resolve healthcare & tax reform with dedicated border-adjustable-tax to fund MedicareForAll replacing CorpIncTax
Stephanopolis, you're a one-trick pony!
