@POTUS  @cvpayne  @Foxnews  @SpeakerRyan  Say NO to OBAMACARE LIGHT!#repealobamacare  #randpaulcopier  #DTS
Rand, if u want to spread the word on healthcare, u r wasting your time there. No one will see it.
please tell us about your plan to pull the rug from under grandma.
I don't watch that Fake News garbage show!  Good luck!
Yeh, me neither...does anyone?
good luck in that pit of snakes 
maybe they have a leaked copy of the Obamacare plan!
think you might find the repeal and replace bill. Hahaha
Show us the bill! Plus work in investigation of #AwanBrothers
Waste of time!
Russian hack!
hate that tool
As much as I like you Senator Paul, I am going to have to pass. Why torture yourself?
why go on that show much less network?
You really can't win can you? People will complain you go on these shows, I say it's reflective of your bi-partisan nature.
Bipartisan*
hopefully you can help them with their TDS. (Trump Derangement Syndrome)
MSNBC? Wow you really have gone down that rabbit hole. For a smart guy you sure get outplayed quite a bit.
no thanks
Why do you continue appear on #fakenews channels? I doubt your constituents are watching that crap. I know I'm not.
hopefully you are for the people, all the people and not trying to hide Trump and cronies felonies!
@Morning_Joe  Alt. plan=Replace then Repeal?  State '16 Pop.:CA=39.2M, TX=27.9M, FL=20.6M, OBAMACARE=20M, NY=19.7M,&KY=4.4M
but don't play into the fake @MSNBC media hand! Unite @GOP support @POTUS make  Gr8
@Morning_Joe  Good plan- clean repeal of ACA w/51 votes & then replace w/60 votes.  Goodbye healthcare for 20 million.
please stop airing your dirty laundry in public got a problem with the House call the Speaker Democrats never do this !!!
What for u going to give can answer Not do anything U need to be on floor of Senate trying to push your answer to ACA- BS
what is wrong with you take a pill.  Obama was not participating with repoblican on obama care. What a flop for citizen.
Why? This is beneath you senator.
Ewe, how long can you hold your nose?  They stink!!
here come the theatrics!  Rand Paul never saw a camera he didn't love.
Right now @SenBlumenthal is on there spreading more crap and trying to set the stage to pull AGSession back into committee.
What time? I don't want to listen to any more of that tripe than necessary.
why you guys give fake news anchors the time of day is beyond understanding
From SC. That was a good interview and you made your point well Senator.
why?
(Cleaning up Sir )
Looking forward at ducking hard questions about Congress' failure to investigate 45 and cronies' Russian ties?
But I'm kidding. Morning Joe doesn't usually lob hard questions at Repubs.
Time for Sen Rand Paul to get past his ego and thinking he's right and compromise with his colleagues. We expect results.
@  Who the hell do you think will be watching
can't watch the clueless Joe and his harpie co host
Senator Paul,Nobody over 50 IQ watches that show -KWTD™ 'first Est.1829' 'Words Gathered Together For Truth™' Key West Register™
sorry, will have to watch recaps, refuse to watch MSNBC
you should join trumps cabinet. cutting zar. trump thumpers of Ma
What are you gonna do about Russia Rand ? Ind. investigation ? The greatest threat facing US is PUTIN
I would, because I always appreciate what you have to say, but MSNBC makes me nauseous. 
not to this garbage
never watch that crappie channel.
Confront him about dim-0-crazies attack on Sessions...
Now who has and still is in collusion with communist Putin ? The guy you voted for
Mr. Paul could y/ please tell Mr.Perez w/skeletons in h/ closet he is in no position to throw stones! We have investigated
I never watch Morning Joe
Make sure you get clean afterwards. Your wading in pure garbage media.
annnndddd... thanks autocorrect.  You're not your....
Enjoy my friend
keep them honest. Oh I forgot their led by a RINO so that's not possible. Good luck on the show #MAGA
wash your hands well after leaving @MSNBC. Fake news is spreading like wildfire in the MSM.
Republicans need to show the full bill of the Obamacare replacement
I think I'll skip it, Libertarian Indiana Jones. Good luck finding that ancient healthcare scroll.
Challenge @realDonaldTrump for the nomination in 2020. You will win.
no he won't..
fake news.
he's awful
u won't find the bill there
