Skyrocket? Where? Ca went up 7%. Why in your bloody red Ky went any higher?? Ca must be doing something different.
Cali is near being maxed out as illegals have already skyrocketed that state.
Actually, CA has the third cheapest health insurance in the country.  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/gobankingrates/10-best-and-worst-states_b_9030422.html …  Found this in less than 10 seconds, kid.
Huffington Post is #fakenews and so are you! No way Cali cheaper with all those illegals to support.
CA is so far in debt! Politicians been tanking that State for years- libs buy all the lies, kinda sad.
So there's a great conspiracy to lie about health ins costs in CA, despite it being easily verifiable, and you're the only one who knows it.
It's called research, something not taught in gov schools anymore...try self educating instead of relying on socialist media.
Glad I never received any gov. Schooling or estatal high education. I hear is not the greatest. Self educating has also high % of failure.
Now instead of bashing it you will be able to fix it for Americans. What has rand Paul done to help fix the implementation of the ACA???
That's weird, the last data I saw said rates were increasing more slowly since ACA and even slower than the original ACA projections.
and by "that's weird" i mean "stop being dishonest idiots."  HTH.
And now the #gop owns it.  Way to go.
I'm not sure yet as rates go up people drop out and finally the insurers will have to act and it's still Obamacare and not a GOP plan.
aerna isnexit obamacare in 2018
Huh? Typos?
sorry small keyboard 
BS. If Repubs hadn't starved exchanges, helped fix what's wrong we would be in a good place. People DO/HAVE died of lack of healthcare. Duh!
Only if GOP let's them.  Get to work!  Fix ACA stop whining. It's what the people want.  
No, we voted for Trump and Rubs to repeal. Gov has no business meddling in health care.
#StandWithRand
1. Premiums have been rising for decades:
2. ACA repeal would increase premiums:
I literally can't afford to pay my premiums let alone use my insurance due to high deductible. PLEASE HELP!
Ask McCain for money to help pay your medical bills. Let us know his response 
Yeah we knew that Rand. Splitting the vote didn't help did it?
Even if the market folds?
Liar
Build the wall fast, thow this idiot over it.
Yes, build it fast w/ $1.6b taxpayer money. Sorry creampuff, you got duped! If you wanna "thow" her over anything, gonna need a dictionary.
Hahaha. I guess you are desperate now you non-mathematical buffoon. Illegal imm. DOWN even at a conservative figure, 50mil $ SAVED!!
thats a fact. aetna is game over too
It also means voters will run out a lot of weak-kneed, spineless Republicans.
Thanks to you Republican's
Right on! #RepealNowDontReplace Competition for business on the free market would cause rates to decrease to win customers. Economics 101
I sincerely hope President Trump puts Congress on same insurance as  we  are so there isn't a CLASS SYSTEM in Congress excluding Americans
Got to be utilitarian somebody is gonna get left with no insurance before we make this better THAT WAS THE DEMOCRAT PLAN ALL ALONG  REPEAL
That's because Republican's are out to destroy it's already been said by blue cross blue shield
Disingenuous, Rand. You are no servant of the truth. The cost of medical care has grown exponentially before & after ACA.
They plan to make millions off #Obamacare #stocks
It's healthcare for all - not wealth care for only the privileged few. U represent no one but yourself and your rich cronies
You have had 8 yrs to repeal o care. All you have done is complain but you have no solution. What the hell have you been doing?Get to work
Just more lies by people determined to do harm, to condone harm and to be co-conspirators to the great harm that is the GOP real agenda.
Are you trying to sell us that our premiums weren't increasing without Obamacare Doctor? You are mistaken.
A 2012 familiesUSA study shows that more than 130,000 Americans died between 2005 and 2010 because of their lack of health insurance. FACT
What a load of bullshit/ More damn GOP lies. Repeal would cost me my life, contrary to your false "no one dies without insurance.."
With or without ACA, premiums will rise, Health insurance quants have that more than covered http://bit.ly/1vSLavC 


Senator, will you sponsor a bill to end chemicaltrails?
Laws like ACA and HMO Act of 1973 are prime causes of higher costs. Repeal those laws & pass market reforms and costs would go down.
Work with DEMS and fix what we have. It is what American and KY wants.
Why don't you start by fixing KY. We are so dependent on the FEDS that we couldn't float without their money. As usual, your hypocrisy reeks
The people can fix this by massively dropping insurance coverage its the power of your money now use it
Hey the government isn't doing their job why should we suffer for it
Rand Paul is a welcomed change from the likes of McCain, Graham, Sasse and Flake.
This failure is 100% on the NWO/Globalist REPUBLICANS. Time to replace them!
Sen. Paul, I was required to call on your office during the era of freedom http://fries.You  made money off the poor then and continue
As long as you, The GOP & 45 stop making payments to fix the ACA!The GOP would rather see people die than to have something with Obama on it
as of they weren't going to under any of the 1/2 dozen plans repubs threw together
#putin bought out @randpaul Because he lies like a MOTHERFUCKER Saying lack of healthcare NEVER KILLED ANYONE!! @alllibertynews @POTUS
TRUMP INCITES POLICE BRUTALITY AGAINST CIVILIANS

People WILL BE KILLED because of Trump's heartless preaching to cops

TRUMP is a Murderer
DISHONORABLE PPL like @SenJohnMcCain @SenMurkowski even GOD DOESN'T LIKE! He said "DO NOT LIE" these #OLD_TURN_Coats LIED 2B Elected! @POTUS
Implement my plan http://www.shellforcongress.com  #affordablecareact
these problems and maybe you'll get people to agree to it.
credits for healthcare spending will only help those who aren't poor of even middle class. this only benefits the rich. Find a way to fix...
...sure, if you have enough cash to save money for healthcare it's fine but people just making enough to survive can't put money away. Tax..
companies can cover the people in their plans.If you put in a healthcare savings account option you're limiting who can afford healthcare...
Sen Paul: There will always be a basic link to the ACA because it is the way insurance works. Risk pools are the only way insurance...
Was McCain's ObamaCare vote an act of betrayal: 
Yes! 9,335 (94.1%); NO! 582 (5.9%). 
Make America Great Again: Repeal ObamaCare!
Single payer !!!!
McConnell got 55 votes - had he gone nuclear, Obamacare would be dead. We need to take the gloves off and quit appeasing the left.
Time to set aside your Libertarian agenda...and accept that the will of the people (most) is to establish universal single payer insurance.
Well, maybe the folks in #Arizona Cab thank @SenJohnMcCain for that.
It means that citizens are subject to DEATHPANEL, but Congressmen & their families&staffs r not. Politicians may chose to try to live or die
Stop taking insurance company bribes...Repeal now!
Please work to a solution before I lost everything my husband and I work our whole life we can't continue paying what we are on deductibles


If the #ACA is so , why are so many Americans fighting for it? @CongressGOP and @realDonaldTrump can't answer!
Why would GOP repeal when they voted for repeal many times in past? Why don't u expose the TRUTH about GOP leadership? Follow the $$
Passing any of the REP bills would have made this worse.   Your job is to fix this
Rand Paul is part of the problem. He refuses to compromise and now were stuck with Obamacare1
Subsidising healthcare kills. You increase the demand for a finite supply of labor like doctors, which increases costs. Economics 101.
That's the plan isn't it? Get Congress and others on Obamacare, then maybe it will change. What hypocrites
well good, just gives this pompous little hypocrite more FaceTime where was all his support my way or else. he was no help
Furthering this mudslide of an economy that is our reality....
But to repeal with no replacement would not only cause undue suffering of citizens, but also financial and policy distress to insurers.
Pray Dems don't introduce single-payer ins & House GOPe's vote for it. Nothing would surprise. Voting GOP not person not working too well.
Thanks Captain Obvious but maybe not so obvious to @SenJohnMcCain. Let's let @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer Dems own it and push for single payer.
If our politics where the same for all and we all faced the same health care this would stop
Instead of moaning about it why don't you fix it! Then you can say you did something!
The ppl in govt do not care after all they don't have the illegally funded insurance anyway. Wish we could get health coverage like McCain
@freedomtex @RandPaul @Rare Yes! Full Repeal was the only option! A 2yr pause for those w/ACA, and Free Market Solutions!
@tlj7295 @RandPaul ya think?
Jesus never charged a dime but as americans we fight rather the heal each other so fight on
The kind of senator needed to replace senators who vote no on REPEALING OBOMACARE
And guess who's paying for this?
Not if you do what's right and fix what's wrong with the ACA!!!
So sad for all Americans just trying to survive and than having to pay high premiums.Hope something can be done soon.
Sad stuff
Did you enjoy punishing McCain with your objection? You are a tiny tiny man
Then get the job done  there's gonna be a lot of Democrats in a few Republicans losing their jobs
The Congress just gave the green light to insurance companies to price gouge.
Thanks K street fans!
Single payer, dumkopf.
Insurance companies are pricing themselves out of business & coverage stips are hurting users, so we won't buy it. 
#CCOT to #MAGA
I no longer care. I don't submit to the mandates anyway
why does everyone want to keep obama care and keep saying just fix it. if it needs fixed it needs replaced.
They won't cancel vactions, while Americans across the country have to cancel Christmas! bc they profit so much with the insurance companies
Means we still have 2work 3 jobs2 pay my $6,000 med& Dr.bill that Ocare won't Thanks #congress 4not #RepealObamacare so u can kep urs 4 life
With health insurance profits so great, Do you think for one minute Senatots like MCain are not rolling in the money too! Thats why people!
Premiums co-pays prescriptions all going up up up with Obummercare
Would have been worse under any bill the REP majority presented.   Did you read the CBO reports?
While all 5 big health insurance continue to double there profits. Between 2016 to 2017 they increased profit 45.6 billion. Whose behind it?
Failed to repeal Obamacare, so who is surprised? Healthcare reform to republicans is same as immigration reform to dems great to run on
My Dr charges 40% more if I have insurance, or be fined for not & I have to pay due to deductible. Codes for turtle injuries? Thx for trying
Only if you and Mitch continue with the partisan GOP BS. It is time to work for all Americans, NOT just your GOP pals.
For the best that something other than a full repeal wasn't passed. Any "skinny" repeal would shift blame on free markets/capitalism...
as Obamacare continues to fail and premiuns continue to rise.
@realDonaldTrump Should have listened to you, Remove the #neverTrumper Traitors @SpeakerRyan Investigate all financials !
Trump change Congress exemption so Congress has only Obamacare
Yes. So GO FIX IT.Can be done w/o "repeal" "Let it implode" is petty & NOT in our best interests.& I AM A REPBULICAN.Rein in this President!
Ok now let everyone know that #TrojanHorseTrump needs to increase pressure by ending his illegal #Obamacare support
I've been saving this side of beef in my freezer to pay for my heart surgery.  I'm sad too.
Thanks Rand.
Well instead of grandstanding @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr you all did nothing! You all lied to America 
@mhoward48 @RandPaul @Rare no brainer. @DNC + 3 @GOP own this.
We the AFFECTED,have no choice but help drain the SWAMP in 18-20
The big government Republicans or should I say DemRepubs will always be the problem.  Look what they did to Rand's  dad.  They want control.
let OC fail & no repeal of mandated coverages ins cos won't be able to sell policies so wouldn't it be in  best interest for free mkts?
FEDs get out of the HC of our citizens let each state handle with guidelines
I'm sorry.  Your 3 chickens for a vial of insulin bill failed.
Donations to NRCC will be dropped from my budget.
Emphasis on CONTINUE.!
, you could have helped create a better, viable plan but reneged. Yeah, do like Trump  and cast blame elsewhere.
Stay strong Senator. Don't listen to the suckers who'd have Americans huddled in the single payer line waiting years for critical care
Put the senate and congress on Obamacare and they'll figure something out. Shame on you people. Shame on the Democratic creeps more.
This body better get back to working in a bipartisan way for the good of the country-we will elect ppl who will
end the congressional exemption to obamacare today...put skin in the game for congress..end double standards
Not if Republicans & Democrats work together to fix it. It's what American citizens demand. It's their job.
Republicans wont go to the poles anymore.
You did your best.  Now those that voted against Repeal will have to answer for its implosion.
Can't wait to hear everyone complain about their rates skyrocketing!  Maybe then they will realize they were brainwashed by democrats!
Time for you to ascend to majority leader.
#RandPaul does realize #Obamacare greatly reduced premium inflation for rest of us? Ah, who care? Denying millions heath care too much fun!
THIS IS A GOOD REASON TO CHANGE THINGS
If the government had to depend on Ocare like many middle class families on tight budgets.I bet they'd fix it so fast our heads would spin!
Why don't you register as a Libertarian other than a republican?
While deductibles soar as well. Yes, let the whole damn thing collapse in on itself, and the Dirty Dems will take the hit. Karma.
#Medical-Insurance Bills & #Deductibles wld keep Skyrocketg w #Skinny HC. GOV NOW MUST WORK SOLUTIONS w INS. COs. For AFFORDABLE POLICIES.
Make Congress go on this healthcare!!!
I just left the Republican Party to join the Independent Party because of GOP members like you, Collins, McCain. I know many who are 
This is totally false. Obamacare cut avg. annual premium increases in HALF from before it passed. Insured 22M new folks. Rand is disgusting.
Yeah people in middle class are facing astronomical premiums and deductibles.  My wife's is 40% of what she earns!!!
Don't bail it out.
It's not too late to get free coverage.  CMS just automated the process of allowing lies to result in coverage/subsidy.
Total repeal.@GOP. Total repeal. Promised made & promises broken. Repeal & replace - lies. Normal for congress.
And the repeal with a plan would have premiums skyrocket faster.  Some just do not get it
Wrong again, Randal. Premiums were stabilizing before you and the GOP dragged your feet on CSR payments and delayed reform attempts.
That's what happens when you got Dems in Republican clothings.
On the dems now. They own this one
I's so true. All the people screaming to "Stop Trump" are stabbing themselves in the back. Trusting Libs who couldn't care less about them.
Obamacare will collapse no doubt, watch the Dems.blame you guy's  for not fixing Healthcare, this time their right! Feeling for the people.
They don't have to!!!!  You can stop that!!!!  Stop it with the imploding rhetoric and be part of the solution!  We dont have time for this
Blame McCain for hurting real people.He and the others,are a dusgrace,people are suffering because of his grudges
President Trump should take away congressional exemptions immediately!!
Exactly. Insurance companies taking every dólar from workers pocket

Paul says that like it wasn't going to go up with ANY of those junk bills the GOP proposed. We're not stupid, health insurance is going up!
Can the president veto Obamacare? Can we the people outlaw Lobbying? We are barely affording our bills as our business is cut in half. Help!
Let it happen.
Thanks Dems and Demlites.
Three republicans failed the people who elected them. SHAME on them. Repeal the ACA once and for all. Spineless !!!!!
It's all about medicade! Those that want it and those that don't! And the root cause is getting elected/re-elected. The left's Trojan Horse!
And people will suffer because the GOP couldn't get its act together and do what was promised!
Or cancellation of your policy. Cigna inform me of cancellation, no more individual policies in my area, Houston, Tx !!!!!??????
I am all for repeal and replace. Just to be clear premiums were climbing fast prior to OC.The Trojan Horse to one-payer HC remains!
no the people got closer to getting a real bill that will work for all
Please repeal the 17 th amendment
Blame @JohnMcCainDaily he is a liar.He has been obstructing his whole career.When will he quit and take care of his own health.Paid for byus
No one cares you all need to  be on the ACA ASAP
Absolutely disgraceful and disgusting
That's a democrat Problem And it should be spoken loudly and often
"Never, never, never give up.”   
  ―     Winston  Churchill
Then stop sabotaging it.
Work together with the Democrats and get something done ! We pay your salaries!!
what we pay is insignificant compared to what the lobbyists pay.
One more step to socialized health care, no more choices,and welcome to insane taxes, look at Venezuela,
It's astounding how many people on Twitter are still clinging to O-care. Concede when something was a bad idea despite its good intentions
No. It means you will have to ALL work as a team...and don't allow ins co's to rape us!
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/american-people-want-pre-election-accountability-act-holds-you-accountable-lieing-campaign-trail …
After his vote against repeal of OBAMACARE SeMcCain will be under the care of Mayo's expensive treatment https://images.search.yahoo.com/search/images;_ylt=AwrSbnCJWntZeIMAgAFXNyoA;_ylu=X3oDMTEycGJjb2FoBGNvbG8DZ3ExBHBvcwMxBHZ0aWQDQjQwMzdfMQRzZWMDc2M-?p=mayo+hospital+arizona&fr=mcafee#id=261&iurl=https%3A%2F%2Fce.mayo.edu%2Fsites%2Fce.mayo.edu%2Ffiles%2FThe%2520Westin%2520Kierland%2520%25282%2529.JPG&action=click …
Fully paid for.
Hey Duncecap !!

 Japan has the best healthcare in the world and spends 5K less per person.
Like car and home insurance, we all pay in. Your job to reel in greedy pharma and industry CEOs
GOP, grow some balls !!!!!!!!!
To me sir you are a failure as well to the American people. Thanks for you failure. God will have his day the you and some of the nut ball
Oh I forgot American ppl has to pay for the Islamic scum bags to have their free stuff while they plan to hurt America
No really you All Failed us you all lied said you had a plan or just hate our POTUS 2018 you all pay your fault not Trump #OurFamily5NoIns
...but does that affect Congress? Didn't y'all get a special dispensation?
The failure is also a exposure of the Republican party.
Unfortunately they feel as if they are representing what the people want. Crapy health care that's free. Nothing is free.@RedEyeRadioNet
All of a sudden.  A pig in lipstick is a pig in lipstick.
