So you don't support eminent domain? Just the deprivation of most basic civil rights- thanks for making it clear, dick
Mn buffer law stealing land that slopes away from open waterways. Dayton thinks water runs uphill. Farmers being walked on by MN  Democrats.
MN  farmers need to unite in class action lawsuits suit against Dayton's unconstitutional land grab
Please run in 2020!
Jesus Christ, what's a guy gotta do to get someone to start a flame war around here? Seriously, my zombie mentor, what do I need to do?
Mn buffer law is unconstitutional government land grab from Farmers. No circut Court judges worried about our rights as land owners.
Kstp just reported that there is a surplus of corn... farm runoff and pollutes our waters.
Corn pollutes water 
You're not talking about El Chapo bc he's guilty!
But we can still use el chapo money for the wall, right?
#Fanniegate scandal #aca #obamacare being funded by stolenproperty
http://linkis.com/www.infowars.com/Udeiq …
http://ln.is/www.housingwire.com/8R7f3 …
Should govt seize property from innocents at all?
government should no longer be allowed to seize private property period.  Make it happen Congress
What say you about shareholders of Fannie Mae Freddie Mac? Billions of dollars going where? Not where it ethically should. #fanniegate
I am a shareholder. This is not the same thing.
Never said it was.
Excellent!  All the goods previously confiscated should be reimbursed to innocent victims.  If not available, reimburse for value.
get em rand
I love VP Pence, but now that I think about it, it would have been wise to pick u!
Too bad he won't go to dinner with you unless you invite his wife too. Even if it's a work dinner and you admit ur love is platonic
@RussellGiardina @FoxNews  need investigation of lavrov having Russia PRESS but no US PRESS!?
@SCOTUS_Clarence agrees with you!
You are a good American!
Civil Forfeiture gives incentives for Police to profit from arrests. 
Bad policy
YES!! Justice must become the American way. It has NOT been so, for a LONG time!
One of them must b paying rand paul off !!!!
MN farmers need to get united in class action lawsuits against Dayton's unconstitutional land grab
My case can put Loretta Lynch,eric Holder, James comey gang in  JAIL along with FRAUD Obama & Netflix $60B loot gang
Amen
What about from the guilty?
Totally agree. Can we used money of convicted drug cartel members to build the border wall?
Thank you for addressing this devastating injustice. Hard to relate to your government first over taxing you then stealing from you
Or, govt agents should not seize property.
Well Govenor Dayton of MN siezing land from Farmers using false premise of water quality when really he just wants more pheasant habitat.
That's not an argument that needs to be made but a testament to government corruption.
You are in a great position to do something about this Senator.
Don't know if any case were property was seized/taken from innocent people.  The system protects against that!
This is really government theft. No due process.
What would you have done with the blood money? BUILD THE WALL
Police - "Since it's my job to retrieve your wallet from the thieves, I get to keep it."  ???????????????
Even if it was taken from the guilty, it should returned to the people it was taken from.
@itsjustanne5 @FoxNews he is right.
El chapo is a poor, innocent victim? No wonder we are in this mess.
.@RandPaul @FoxNews 

Get real jobs u goddamn thieves & scammers!!
Criminals shouldn't be allowed to keep ill gotten gains.
Forget the "from the innocent" part. They should not profit PERIOD.
Long overdue. Reminds me of the abusive EPA regulations of water on pvt property.
Right on!
This sounds like it applies to the little old ladies who invested their retirements in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac.  Admin stole $& in 2012
Please keep fighting this!  Thanks!
@NKYIndivisible @Indivisible_KY3 Thars great Rand but expand your logic: President shouldn't either #audittrumpstaxes #trumpstaxes
#StandWithRand
So true.  Too bad you're not our President.
yes, #fanniegate since 2008
make seizing officers and force pay restitution 7x the value to those not found guilty if claim not in budget seizing officers & chief pay
What is your stance on the El Chapo Act by @tedcruz ?  Using seized assets to pay for the border wall? #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
Rand 2020. My nigga.
I agree, but if you are caught dealing dope...with out a shadow of a doubt, then  everything the kingpins have should be confiscated.
It seems like we instate these programs, for good reasons at the time, but going unchecked, they bite us in the butt later!
senator - y can't u b this sensible on all important issues???
Innocent drug cartels!..Agree that drugs are a detriment to those who buy and use them....But put that ill gotten gain to good use: The WALL
I am an ex cop and I have always thought this was crap. Once a conviction, cool, but until then no way. Hold it, but don't use it.
@RandPaul if you read up on #fanniegate , it would give you a heart attack. Largest govt. theft in US history. Ongoing!
Tough point, worth a debate. To some extent, I agree with both points. I'll take the empty sponge approach.
But you @RandPaul are going to seize land from people to put up the @realDonaldTrump Wall? This just doesn't make sense.
Reminds me of the days of monarchy. Commit a crime against the king and all of your property is forfeited to the Crown.
It is about time for justice!
Easy to say! Give us some names-percent wrongly seized-what were charges? Give some specifics. If were talking IRS-different than LEO's!
That's theft and it's a crime.
@RandPaul the world would be far better with you as the 45th.
PLease help reform this terrible practice!
100% agree, esp for citizens! But what about @SenTedCruz El Chapo plan for the wall? That is justice and security!
It also turns law enforcement agencies into profiteers.
It's a ridiculous law! No one found innocent should lose their assets!! It's un-American.
Except from cartels
Right on Senator! Give'em hell
Take this across the aisle - eliminating it will have bipartisan support in congress.
And overwhelming support from citizens!
AMEN SENATOR PAUL! MAY GOD PROTECT YOU AND GIVE YOU STRENGTH EVERYDAY! O:)
What about Harry Reid?
