well all we now is ppl who pay taxes at all to pitch in and we'll have the problem soon
this is good Senator - this is your time - your shot. Don't waste it.
What is good about sending America back into a recession and civil uprising?
and precisely how does balancing our budget cause civil unrest?
@alllibertynews ranie are u intelligent enough to know that you lo$t to the majority of the PEOPLE by 2.9 million vote$?
@chriserichsen show me where to cut that will erase 400 billion
Cut A/C off in summer and set heat to 50 in winter at capital building save big on electric bill and less time to spend our money
@LionsofLiberty I hope they'll still be able to afford PowerPoint after the budget Cuts; that Chart Looks ridiculous
how do you plan to do that when removing ACA will drive up costs?
@TheVoiceOfPaulR Hiw do you repay 14 plus trillion in 5 years?? Gut the infrastructure and defense?
.@jmccown12000 @RandPaul repudiate it. But debt doesn't affect a balanced budget anyway. Deficit affects balanced budget.
so in effect, the budget will curtail spending beyond income correct? Not repair debt.
I sure hope @SenSasse & @SenatorFischer are with you on this.   #BalanceTheBudget #ConservativeVision
@NotLukeKuechly good luck it hasn't balanced since Bill Clinton left the White House then G Bush & we all know what happened next
GOP only cares about deficits when Dems in power, despite fact that Dems usually end up reducing annual debt inherited from Reps.
Fine, but you will let infrastructure deteriorate, let more die with no health care, allow climate change to ruin planet, etc.
@SenSchumer , this is what a real representative of the public looks like.
... why does it take 5 yrs? Dems'll be back in by then!
Why 5 years?
I have to budget every month, 5 years, get real. You sound like a Democrat.
good luck Trump loves to file for bankruptcy
@RonJohnsOH let's balance in one year?   Cut military as close bases, cut EPA, DOE, FDA.. and stop ALL moneys to other countries
that would be nice however it's necessary to propose something that can be passed over the best option sometimes.
possibly however if the goal is 5 years it will take 20.  We are in desperate financial woes with govt growing daily
Thank you
fight now that it quota un quota easy to so
o yes the o wis washie who made senate a small for obc who was never an out spoken critic of out control spending want to fight
Keep on a trucking Rand, 5 years sounds about right.
Thank you.  The Paul legacy makes a great beneficial impact on this country.
- this is why you are my favorite senator
a lot of empty seats there Rand,  austerity is perhaps not the most fun thing to listen to? :)
@Trump4Hope 
Great men,,
You didn't win the election! Your vision wasn't the one people voted for! Remember that!
Did Obama practically do that for you? Oh wait, Repubs always take credit for things Dems do.
Cut the pork and take SS out of general fund. Balance in one year
Something tells me the deep-State would like to @RandPaul to take a ride through Dallas in a convertible.
sounds good, but work with Donald.  We need to grow this economy big time.
why wait five years. Why not put forward a balanced budget?  Why not make all elected officials volunteers?  We can't afford $s?
I had friends move to KY a couple years back.Once able I hope to move to KY i'd be happy w/u as sen! But how about POTUS!
Do it! !!!
screw the budget Obama care is more important
one way to get a balanced budget it to start cutting government! We need to cut government officials salaries and pensions!
conservative vision? What does that mean exactly? History tells me you'll run up the deficit and punish ppl for being poor.
re-enstate E.O. 1111O BY JFK, END THE FED. RES. CORPORATION.
You're delusional, chaos would ensue from your draconian ideas.Eliminate all the waste and fraud in the cesspool for the people
thanks, Rand. Neither party seems to care about balancing the budget. Keep up the fight!
Sounds terrific!  DO IT NOW!
good luck balancing a budget with that orange faced monkey man in charge.  You'd have better luck cutting Congress's salary.
- Why does it look like you are talking to an empty room?
you act too logically to be a part of the government.
stop your grandstanding....right now were getting ACA repealed, how about getting that done, then get to work on balancing budget.
@gullymn49 You need to explain why this is important. People don't understand what will happen if we don't get our budget in hand.
Never heard of debt brake before, it sounds good. 
Thank you!
@ClassySnobbb  lying Rino
nope!
hope someone will listen.  But trump may have his own ideas for it also! And Dems never listen to republicans!
no spending is a big issue when it comes to military and defense...Gov needs to quit paying for insurance & cut welfare
Please!!
howabout proposing a #balancedbudget amendment while you're at it?
Wished I had seen the presentation.
thank you
Start with hiring freeze in DC; go through every dept, etc..and cut as much as possible; Trump not taking salary,nor should you
Bravo Sen Rand Paul this is the time for you to shine!
we can and should do better, if not now when, if not us then who!
you just have to push Paul Ryan out of your way or it's a lost cause!
ProTip: get clearance from Duma before moving forward on this.
-Balance the 2017 Budget! W/No added 2017 debt. & In 2017 reduce debt. Anything less is same old garbage!
hahaha good luck with that, your talking to the wrong party
Thanks for opposing the repeal of ACA. Repair. Don't repeal.
conservative? LOL right.
I challenge you to name what about him is not conservative.
common sense conservative  values more precisely! Where do you stand on great Trump infrastructure plan ? – at Pawley's Island N. Inlet
But yet you voted for it didn't you? Spineless lying demagogue
uhm, no actually, I don't believe he did.
it passed 51-48, based on t/numbers, he voted for it.Why spend all that time grandstanding,&Athena vote for it?
*and then
godspeed
Democrat Watch . We are targeting the 10 Democrat Senators whos seat we can easily flip in 2018. .https://m.facebook.com/Democrat-2018-Senator-Watch-1028951620543691 …
how about govt stops killing people.  Then worry about budget.
perhaps you should look at his stance on foreign intervention and regime change before making such a statement.
perhaps i have.  Perhaps he should stay focused on that.
or perhaps he understands how the two are related.
Those bombs are expensive.
whoever dies from repeal of Obamacare will be a death on your souls @GOP @RandPaul God be Judge of all you #Hypocrites
First, return to the Treasury the money creation privilege: http://leconomistamascherato.blogspot.it/2017/01/lindbergh-on-government-legal-tender.html …
Glad to see you side against the GOP establishment in favor of principled conservative reform. #CreditWhereCreditIsDue
Can you save social security?  That money has been taken from my taxes since I was 16 years old--plus medicare?  :)
I wish I could "like" this 20 trillion times!
@TheVoiceOfPaulR Stop the wars, end the Fed, end half the departments and you have an immediate soaring of wealth
TY @randpaul for standing up for us when no one else seems to care.
I will put forward a conservative vision for the country, a vision of a balanced budget that balances within 5 years 
Even as a Democrat, I admire principled conservatives. Too bad Trump is ushering in Big Government Republicanism.
hope its not an 'austerity' program.
It simple it's easy n it's the only way America Rand knows what he speaks of this is his expertise he's brilliant!!#StandWithRand
.@RandPaul U must be in Trump's adm. Tx so much 4 all U do to restore the blessed Republic!.
