Hemp makes great rope!
You're a badass! I like you.
In Russia, these fields are destroyed....
Start growing Hemp in areas where people suffer economic loss like coal mining Appalachians!
This gives hope. I am someone who wants hemp and marijuana legal. I finally got my card ate edibles for a week my PTSD delusions r gone
Explore milkweed for latex, plastics (was used as tires WWII), and fibers for textiles and rope, also paper. Bonus, butterfly pollination.
They used to make tires with rubber made from goldenrod plants. Milkweed plants make very strong fiber for ropes also
If I remember, a founding fathers had a patent on goldenrod clothing. The milkweed latex makes  it a trifecta latex,rope,textiles,paper
Any links of how to produce milkweed latex?
Not what I remember from decades ago, but a good place to star.
Let's save lives and use "hemp" for all it's healing powers !
https://twitter.com/GeorgWebb/status/897773232593317888 …
We had a great harvest this year
Did you address teen deaths from driving under the influence of this drug?  No one seems to care.
Free #Hemp from govt regulation!
Get more people involved!
I troll U but I encourage your endeavors re crim justice reform & decriminalization of pot So what the Hell are U going 2 do about Sessions?
Legalize cannabis and get KY the financial boost it needs. We can not afford to be the last state to legalize. Our farmers need this!
Hemp-a solution to so many of the world's problems.
I read stories of people with miracles from this plant. It is an amazing plant not at all the demonizing one they frauded the world
Get the munchies afterwards?
Introduce Hemp where there are economic struggles #Appalachians @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Tobacco is the past and Hemp is the future!
There is nothing more American then the sight of a hemp field
Just another way of getting high and killing people on roads and else.
Change monicker to A Servant Of Fear then your argument will be better.
Based Rand.
Good, now let people grow medical marijuana
Hey, wonder if he makes my hemp body lotion? 
Section 7606 of the U.S. Farm Bill created the ability to allow  industrial #Hemp research and development projects to exist within the USA.
Dave's not here
Dry cool
Cannabis and Hemp prohibition came from a time when people actually believed their government. Time to stop being scared of a plant.
Hemp has over 5,000 textile uses. It grows faster than trees and won't hurt our environment. I say let's use more hemp and save the trees!
Concrete made with hemp is a very good building material. Hemp Crete. Fire, mold, insect, earthquake resistant, great insulator and more
BH
Love you Rand Paul! Freedom is thee key to prosperity and wealth. Thank You for the fight in your heart
More work to be done to Free the Hemp from being burned.
#AmericanJobs
Very interested in what the market for industrial help looks like - is there a buyer and at what price?
Get him, Sessions!
It's time to end #CANNABIS prohibition on all fronts @RandPaul- 100 Mil new jobs immediately! CHEERS AND GODSPEED SIR!.
Spread the good word on industrial hemp Rand! Us in NC are following KY's leadership.
How much of "nothing" does Mitch have on the adjenda when Senate goes back to session.
Many states, like mine, Missouri would do well with hemp.  Many useful products and cleans the soil too.  What more could you want.
Is it smoke-able or smokeless?
Jeff Sessions is going to come and arrest you all.  That stuff is more dangerous than heroin, we fight opioids by locking up pot/hemp users.
This is forward progressive thinking. RARE. Thanks Rand.
You're welcome at our #hemp fields anytime, Senator! 
#StandWithRand
Hemp is the future.
And thanks to Eric Bolling for showing us his organ.
for real good for Cooking 
Stronger than steel
Oh god bad Weed 
How
Thanks Rand for not taking our calls and closing your district offices. DO YOUR JOB! #townhallNOW #votelibertariansout #termlimits
Should tell him that he will be out of business when climate change destroys his business OH he may not be alive w/o Healthcare or AIR LOSER
Hemp is stronger than cotton thanks for being non-partisan on real education of Hemp's uses
Hemp could be and should be HUGE for our economy but, once again like the 1930's, government and lobbyists will DEMONIZE it.
High times!
Hemp has always been the future
We Need More, but is there any land left that isn't contaminated with Roundup? Michigan is really bad. Maybe I will move to Kentucky.
I am the polish currency manipulator that triggered brexit with a gold trade and I support this message
I'm sure that he wasn't giving out free samples
All new meaning to "rope a dope"!
Why not be a true libertarian and work to reschedule cannabis?
420 bro
Are you aware of all the work Hebrew University is doing to cure cancer using medical marijuana?
As opposed to an inorganic hemp crop?
I didn't realize you're short.
Dude ...
Was Koe Kelly cool? Did you guys puff puff? 
You're not uptight are you? 

I wish I had an "industrial hemp crop" 
Best not Jeff Sessions see this pic
diggs the wake n' bake
It still boggles my mind that people still don't know the difference between industrial hemp, and high cannabinoid marijuana. #educate
Anything you can make out of wood can be made from hemp rendering deforestation obsolete. The fiber is also much stronger than any wood.
Far Out Man!
Be careful because AG Sessions may shut it down. It seems he has more time to worry about weed than finding and prosecuting leakers.
Hemp is popping up everywhere...
Galeton, Colorado

Today it's all about 8 feet high and Chuck full of seeds
Problem is we in the area cant grow an outdoor medical crop because the pollen blows everywhere for miles and gives your crop seeds
This is a very true issue, however; isnt it so that a hemp crop can be pollinated by a medical crop? (less likely I know) #MAGA
I suppose, not sure exactly how much it would raise the THC content in the final product cuz it isn't used for smoking
Cross polination gives hemp a thc content which can destroy a hemp crop's ability to be used as hemp. A small % of thc can be a big problem.
How? If the end product isn't ingested
against marijuana production and sales!
little known fact but Hemp is also used for rope and not just making drugs
What about the VA?
@JosephKellyJr I didn't know you had it like that
Are you having a town hall in Murray today senator
Legalize it
WHAT'S illegal about hemp? Non psychoactive  hemp products are legal in all 50 states.
I'm saying legalize psychoactive hemp products such as marijuana
Agreed.
And by hemp you mean.....?
Aren't all hemp plants male?
Hemp is Economy.
The Constitution was written on hemp paper George W and the boys all grew hemp Hemp is our heritage
that's an ol wise-tale (one that I thought was true for years) it turns out the Constitution was written on vellum.
Talk to your buddy @SenJohnMcCain & tell him to cut the shit
