YOU REALLY want to fix what's wrong with our country? Start with Congressional Reform & Transparency. You ARE the Reason for our DEBT!
FEDERAL RESERVE policy largely responsible increased debt by interest. FED must bail out government and renegotiate our debt.
Pic shows a breakdown of National Debt as of 12-31-2016.  The Fed can't fix this...We have to stop borrowing & cut pet programs...
We don't borrow money now. So...
Read this, Bill.
 Yes, I am aware of the national savings account. US is monetarily sovereign and has no need to borrow the $ that only we create.
Trump should AUDIT the FED and immediately NEGOTIATE the US DEBT
LOL! Negotiate with who?
I agree. Big government is out of control with the future of the next generation and generations to come.
A nice idea, @RandPaul ... But tough negotiators in @GOP "leadership" already preemptively surrendered on #debtceiling fight. Cowards
Time to cut the credit card up. The biggest threat to our national security is our debt

A large part of the population does, living beyond their means to keep up with the Jones's
Yes, that's sad. How can we know expect out government to be fiscally responsible when we're not.
We need a balanced budget. Has the Senate forgotten? IGNORE the president and pass one. Lead the charge, Sen. Paul!  #UnitedForFreedom
It's time for DC to budget like Americans must do daily! #CutTheirCard #UnitedForFreedom
@POTUS needs same approach as regulations Don't add $1.00 more debt 'til u reduce $1.00 of old debt That's how a "Buget" is supposed 2 work
#CutTheirCard and demand a balanced budget amendment, a plan for a short-term 5 year balanced budget & entitlement program reform.
How about giving everybody over 62 a month, $2000 a month. Get rid of Bureaucrats to determine what amount they should receive.
#CutTheirCard! #BalancedBadgetOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
Comments? This is everything you campaigned against. @RandPaul @RandyEBarnett @radleybalko @justinamash @ThomasMassieKY @jaredpolis @Snowden
Seniors on fixed income desperately need property tax relief. Property tax increases must STOP @ retire; allow seniors dignity, age in place
You should run in 2020 on the LP ticket. We need someone who minds the pocketbook in the white house
You really think he cares? He's a career politician and as such, only cares about self interests, of course after the pre-election promises!
#cutthecard do t raise the debt ceiling.
You should of been president
Remember the last time the tea party didn't want to raise the debt ceiling?? The US rating dropped
Are you really this heartless & ignorant? I will donate to your opponent next cycle. You need to be gone.
About time you got on the right side of things.  Now just STAY there.
No more pontification. Make something happen. Congress does not need to be on vacation most of the year. Work!... like the rest of us do.
Still would like to know what Obama wasted 10 trillion dollars of our hard earned tax money  on.
Balance the federal budget &
reform entitlement programs!! DO NOT raise the debt ceiling! #CutTheirCard!!  #UnitedForFreedom
GOOD ADVICE from Sen.Rand Paul President Trump. @realDonaldTrump They just keep raising debt at the expense of future generations REFORM
typo male// where does the mind go to accept the man with the hardcock,   for little boys?? the mind goes to the GOP party.. now bend over!!
Hastert actually had sex with more than one younger m,ale..and he used them...as a sexual; outlet.. and Hastert was the speaker of the GOP
I agree we need tax reform!
only a stupid person without an education actually thinks deficits pay for themselves.. Hastert was a gay pedophile and preached stupidity
only a dumb non educated white person actually is that stupid to think deficits every yr under a GOP bend over types will pay4themselves
its true.. most white people dont think debts go UP if there r only deficits  every yr.. they actually think they r paying down debt.. DUH
cutting taxes will not pay for the debts of the past 30yrs.. if u dont have a surplus budget, at least once,.. the debts WILL only go UP.
as for robbing ..when u decided to back dividends at lower tax rates knowing the dividends dont fund social security.. wages do(ButnoGrowth)
WE remind U that the debt is from the past.. try since reagan, GHWB b4 GWB and then Obama.. clinton paid his debts.. try his math ability
its not reform.. its a balanced budget....math is not hard.. if u dont lie about its contents.. try balancing 1 budget b4 U die.. Rand ayn
We understand but Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan do not understand .
Retirement age SHOULD B 58 : people could stay home & take care of the elderly that would solve creating jobs & money in the enconmy!
Take a look at MILITARY spending -- decade long wars and LEAVE the program that help and educate alone!!!!  Stop Corporate welfare!
For crying out loud. No need to raise debt ceiling. Just stop funding illegals, refugees and planned parent good for starters. Logic.
Senator Paul, I'm in agreement w/ controlling our debt.  But I disagree w/Conservatives, like yourself who want to do it on the back of
...on the backs of the middle class.  Let's rein in fraud in Medicare, sell unused gov. land & bldg.. And I could go on & on.  It just seems
Congress got everything they wanted over the last decade & the people didn't. Now you want to "CUT" us off again, w/balance budget, WHY now?
Congress should be impeached for failure to understand economics. Those few hundred people are destroying our country.
STOP PLAYING THE DEBT CEILING GAME, THERE IS NO CEILING, NEVER HAS BEEN OR WILL BE, SO, STOP IT! IT'S A COSTLY PLAYFUL EVENT.
You sir are a huge let down.  Where is your father?
Will you speak out about this President's racism after Charlottesville? Do you think pardoning a known racist like Arpaio is acceptable?
So does the GOP now support lawlessness and trump pardoning Arpaio? #impeach
Future generations can take care of themselves.  Let's take of ourselves first!
#Sarcasm I hope LOL
Rand Paul been bucking against all of #POTUS  agenda.  #deception is Rand's middle name.
DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS BIGOTED UNHINGED LUNATIC
Debt ceiling? Ha-ha, what joke. There's no ceiling. Govt continues to borrow more money and debt keeps climbing. How about cutting spending.
Best of luck with your ideas on shrinking the Govt. & health care. You don't seem to be able to get anyone to listen. What a racket.
WE SHOULD REPLACE YOU WITH THIS TRUE AMERICAN..he has bigger balls than you 

Check out @w_terrence's Tweet:
STOP TRYING TO HAVE A RACE WAR! ALL Y'all need to Go To Bed! 
GetGo to bed Shirt http://store.terrencewilliams.net  https://www.pscp.tv/w/bGYf9zFQbUtxUnpOeXhqb1l8MVJEeGxtb012d2dLTPw16ZJ0gKQ9rNU_oXekb3SGsmRPShgcT72Fe0w5uCUO …
#StandWithRand.
Sadly, reform today is an evil word.  Over spending will take us down.  Wasteful spending as well.
And we can't pay current generation to sit on their lazy duffs while robbing future generations.  Excessive entitlements discourage work.
I agree with you in this one. Reduce the pay and benefits of all elected officials to minimum wage.  That along will keep the debt down
Scandinavian nations do not borrow more than 40% of their GDP; America has borrowed 100% of its GDP and now it wants to go beyond that.
The debt ceiling needs to be raised because the federal government, America's largest corporation, refuses to balance its budget.
I feel we need across the board tax cuts eliminate funding planned parenthood unless ALL the leaders of it are terminated and replaced
I will say only one thing STOP Hand OUT,put them to work, spread prosperity stop crime. Please just do it. All problems solved.
You make an important point very well.  The false narrative that the US will default if the debt limit isn't raised is silly.
Get rid of ACA. Send EXACT 7yr bill with nothing attached to the Senate. Repeal, 2 yr deadline. Surely with 2 more yrs you can get a plan
What is just as important  is getting to work for the Americans  who sent you there
Dr. Paul, Once again the "common sense" voice in Washington. Just my opinion. The arm of gov't is too far reaching & beyond oppresive.
Mitch has failed us Rand. Ted Cruz for majority leader! Let's get some work done!
Get rid of ACA. Send EXACT 7yr bill with nothing attached to the Senate. Repeal, 2 yr deadline. Surely with 2 more yrs you can get a plan
Don’t build a fucking wall - this will make our future generations pay for it!!
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/make-fake-news-crime-because-it-endangers-public …  Thank you Rand Paul <David>
You have a voice, stand up and fight!  You have let @POTUS stand alone and fight...coward!
Let's put the money Prez wants for Wall towards debt. We all know Prez doesn't mind going bankrupt but I do!
All senators and representatives who vote 2 raise debt ceiling should be required 2 forfeit government salaries for the remainder of term
Only problem is the donors who get fat off the gov't $$ would gladly reward the legislators. They all leave as multi-millionaires
Rand : smart guy, eye Dr., but wrong. Thinks govt has no role to assist anyone at anytime. Cops, firemen, teacher's, sanitation. Need em all
All government workers. And bridge inspectors, restaurant inspectors, unemployment help, disaster relief. Tiny govt libertarian? Incorrect.
cut defense budget! When my household lacks funds guns& bullets out Housing, food, education, utilities, healthcare are priorities!
You won't need any of that after the NORKS nuke us...
Absolutely do not raise it.. Lower spending!!!. Do.what companies in the private sector does.
CUT EXPENSES.
Yes libe within our means debt is killing the middle class
Time for another filibuster...
Why do we even have a debt ceiling since we continue to spend like a bunch of drunken fools? We go thru this drill every time. #hippocracy!
Don't build that ridiculous boondoggle wall! Quit screwing over healthcare...don't take $$ from lobbyists & the $$paybacks will be unneeded.
Pay the debts we have incurred! We are not deadbeats, even if our politicians are'
If you don't like the debts, vote against them when they are proposed. You help make the decisions to squander!
Just get rid of the unconstitutional Federal Reserve.
So what honestly would happen if you don't raise the debt ceiling?  Wouldn't that force Congress to make hard decisions?
Are you willing to join @POTUS and shut down the government if there is NOT reform?  You are right, you know....
@KathyPica1
@SavannahAngel25
Rand Paul do you know why you Lost?
Because you only want things YOUR WAY not what's Good for USA. Loser Paul
Failed Candidate Paul is Swamp Creature.
Omg. Can you stop bitching about everything dentist.  No one ever listens to you. You will be the next goof voted out. All of you will pay
STOP voting for mcconnell for your leader!
Please run against Donald Trump in 2020! Start your campaign NOW!!!
Trump won't release his own tax reform proposal:
You are a dreamer and without many others like you, you're seen as a fool.
I agree with this, the tax breaks for the wealthy have to be questioned at this point. Show some fiscal patriotism lol
How is #trump going to shut down Mexico's government? 
He said he was going to shut down the government if it's not funded soooo how???
Rand Paul is a great America and deserves our attention.
What exactly do you cut, or cut down? Really easy to say, bub.
THANK YOU RAND PAUL! "WE THE AMERICAN PEOPLE" DEMAND REPEALING OBAMACARE, TAX REFOM, THE WALL & INFRASTRUCTURE IMMEDIATELY OR SHUT DOWN GOV.
Why are we rasing the debt ceiling? I think at this point, everyone should realize that this is borrowed money that will never be repaid.
#Follow me #read my #wall of #RavenRants #share #RT #Retweet #voice #opinions #correct if you can or #learn Make #Congress get to #work
Shut down this giant suckUbus called a government 
Thank you Mr Paul!  Please keep fighting this evil socialistic movement!  We love and appreciate you!
REFORM: To cut down 450 departments of the Fed. Gov. to say 50. To cut down, keep most effective, intel agencies from 23 to 6. CUT DEFICIT!!
Yes CUT PAY for ALL GREEDY REPUBLICAN officials.
Result: Collapse of financial system, dramatic rise in interest rate u.s. pays, huge losses for individual savers and investors. Very dumb!
You are right again ! Rand Paul 2020 !!
Sadly we'll have to wait until 2024, if he ran in 2020 the Republican vote would be split and a dem would win
Ur party is in power. Do something about it!
I agree! Reform should get rid of tax breaks and loopholes for everyone including the wealthy.
Agree. Can u try to convince other senators to start supporting Trump
If the Americans are all conscience about the gravity of the situation you will be all fired and most of you jailed for incompetence.
I agree
you need to stop this absurdity when you say "enlarged government" elected democratically i
How about living within our means.
We are just fine if we don't give away our money to foreign country, and wage losing war.

Same song,same dance. You already ate appetizers, entrees and desserts. The check is here. Will that be cash credit or scam?
A
G
R
E
E
Completely irresponsible . We already spent the money. shouldn't we pay our debts? Should I pay mine or wait for reforms...idiot
sorry, I think I misunderstood your position on this, If you don't want to raise the debt ceiling then I'm with you.
#BalancedBudgetAmendment
amen
ANYONE WHO SIGNS THAT BILL IS COMPLICIT IN THE MURDER COVER UP !!
DO NOT LET THEM ATTACK WIKILEAKS AND COVER UP SETH RICH MURDER!
Debt 'ceiling'? Ceilings are stationary!
In reality this bloated & wasteful government utilizes a "Debt ELEVATOR"...
Cut salaries of Congress instead, including their personal security. They can afford it themselves since they're selling favors & influence.
Be quiet and sit down! & vote. We don't need u for anything else. U're the value of a (door-stop) or a (team-player). Which is it?
WE DON'T WANT YOUR FORM OF GOVERNMENT!! WHICH ISN'T MUCH!! & WE CERTAINLY DO NOT WANT TRUMP!!
Compromise, please!!!! You need a win!
Don't allow the #Senate to pass a "clean" debt ceiling bill. Our debt bubble is out of control. Thanks for standing up for fiscal sanity.
@DA_Stockman @Rare Why not default? Boomers ran up the debt no need for us to pay it.
Shut it down, convention of states needed to get federal Gov under control, congress is a total failure
Build the wall
Amen... or just don't raise it period!'n
U might be the only one with sense!
Don't close down government, too many small business owners suffered last time.
It's just words for you. Do. Your. Job! Hold a town hall! #bananarepublicans #kleptocrasy #kochboy #FREEKENTUCKY #VoteLibertariansOut
I like your idea... we must have tax reform and tax cuts!
Don't raise the debt ceiling without raising taxes of 1% to reduce the debt. Cut wasteful government spending.
Hopefully we can get reform before the election in 2018. Otherwise all states, both parties have to 'fire' our representation at polls, NOW
Reform for the ones on the payroll less taxes out of my checks please
Get rid of the waste ! Who cares how pigs mate!!!
We need real money in this country, not FIAT currency! The debt ceiling should not be raised. This is freakn crazy. Can you say Zimbabwe!
Dismantle the FED Senator. They are the reason we are in trouble. Is congress afraid to Audit the FED? What are they afraid of? W
Let's get it done
Or,  just don't raise the debt ceiling.
I love you Paul but the debt ceiling is no more then political grandstanding by both sides What matters is real efforts to control spending
BS
Tis The Season to End The FED!

#MonetaryReform nationalizes the #FederalReserve ("this name is deceptive") @realDonaldTrump  https://www.opednews.com/Poll/Should-The-Federal-Reserve-by-Lance-Ciepiela-Banks_Credit_Debt_Federal-Reserve-System-150324-835.html … #BankingCartel #Truth
CUT THE CRAP PROGRAMS THEN TALK ABOUT RAISING THE DEBT
We need tax reform that removes special exemptions for select industries and lowers the overall rate.@WaysandMeansGOP
So it is okay not to pay the bills that Congress in the past approved and default on obligations? What message does that send?
Well, it might send the message that we believe in living within our means and not mortgaging our kids future with debt
Then why don't you propose major ways to cut the budget
Congress could big pay cut and benefits should stop.
Record tax revenues, cut spending, problem solved. Line veto for Trump.
Don't go through with the bail reform until you educate yourself, Rand
Its a racist bill that only hurts poor communities. Of u want reform, do away with Private Attornies!
@realDonaldTrump  Rand is spot on. Time for Fed Govt to go on a diet
Lets put congress on notice we will not keep kicking this down the road stand with @RandPaul  on this.
#GOP can't govern.
@POTUS waiting for his 2nd term really drain the swamp. We the people will reelect President Trump. Like our military not giving out details
You wont get any reformers from the Democrat side of the aisle and some Republicans are questionable as well. How will you pull this off?
Sorry to say but I am a Republican & I am expecting another long drawn out affair with debt ceiling & a delay in Tax Reform. Help!
Egypt refused to meet with Kushner over non payment of aide to Egypt. We can pay all the counties money anymore. We are broke. National Debt
Sounds great but can u get Rhinos to cooperate. Dems have Resist so no help from them.
You can't even do your job all we here is excuses no real solutions
Agreed!!!!!
Rand Paul for @POTUS!!!!
Right!
Is the Congress there's never reform they don't have the talent they just keep screwing it up
Stop penalizing the financial stability of the country due to Congress' inability to properly budget federal spending!
I hope you have been saying this the last 8 years as well.
Actually I have. This isn't a partisan issue.
you're right, it absolutely isn't.
Agree. Keep fighting @RandPaul
LEGISLATE
Remove congress' entitlements! Cut taxes for all American citizens who are working, going to college, married, raising families!
Of course they will
You will forgive me for my skepticism about Congress doing their job!
Bush's wars are what robbed future generations of Trillions!
Don't be a fool! The dignity and honor of America is too precious for you squabbling little demigogues.
Hes not pandering 2 anyone but himself.  He represents the 5th dumbest state & doesnt do town halls so KY has no idea what hes doing 2 them.
Don't vote for bills without CBO scoring.
That's the right way to draft budget. Don't raise the debt ceiling without reforming spending or we will spiral out of control!
Raising the dept ceiling shouldn't be a political game. It's just allowing gov't to spend the $ appropriated by Congress.
Stand firm on this Senator Paul.
Rand Paul "don't pay your maxed out credit card until you commit to a budget." It's just illogical. You still have to pay the bills!
Remember, nothing the idiots in congress do or say is logical. Remember, their #1 objective is reelection. #Pigs at the feeding trough.
Need to end the Fed for that to work. Talk to your father.
Does that mean we go more into debt to pay for our       President's wall ?
Don't raise the debt ceiling, period!!
I agree.  Enough is enough!
