#RepealAndReplaceObamaCare
U LIED to your voters!
It's a defeat for all Americans and republicans! So what now, we keep Obamacare? It will destroy itself and will be the democrats
try 73%. That's what happened 2 us this year. For lower tier plan w/6500 each deductible. Insurance premium is more than mortgage payment
The rich & those on govt dole will be fine. Middle class can't survive  
#FreeMarkets 
#HealthcareIsNotARight
#Repeal
Exactly. And without the middle class America can't survive. Bam! Obama's "Fundamental transformation" would be complete".
we need more time to get the bill right. Keep Medicare and improve benefits and keep Medicaid extend benefits
regulations like access to preventative and mental health care? #SavetheACA #GOPfail
Help Rand!
wow outrageous !! I thought mine was bad.
LOL I could've picked this bronze plan for $90 less, 50% coinsurance.
still not a good plan. I hope they make some changes and get people help.
@BernieSanders @SymoneDSanders Silence on the left? Your mess! Where is your plan B? Silence ....
Why is nobody talking about introducing premium reductions for health conscious people? Why should I pay for fat non-exercisers?
why can't my risk pool only include people my own age? Why should I pay for a risky old timer like you?
also,outlaw anyone w/preexisting condition. And..City dwellers or Southerners, they have  lower life expectancy.
Your height and weight are the most accurate predictors of your health. If southerners are unhealthy they are fat.
what abt genetic predisposition?We should be analyzing DNA before writing a policy?Sunlight meters for melonoma risk?
maybe stop catering to an industry who profits off others misfortune?Go no profit, single payer and dilute the risk
The best and brightest are probably not going to medical school if they can't make a profit. Hospitals are struggling now.
Obamacare just gave the insurance private monopolies that's why they don't cross state lines. #ObamacareSucks
@JBaker31826004 prob is obama ppl healthcare so now they don't want to give it up
LUVYA MAN!!!  STAY TOUGH!  FREE MARKETS = FREEDOM!!  TEXAS V. CALIFORNIA... BEST IDEAS WIN!!
Goodness do you people look beyond foolish or what. 6 years and this. Total and complete incompetence
@jabs611 #FireCongress 2018 
try rescinding the bill by Marco Rubio in 2015. It sabotaged the risk pool aspect of ACA and drove up costs of ACA.
Because you Republicans won't find it
My premiums went from $120 to $1200/ mon. How about yours Rand? Oh yeah the American taxpayers pay 100% of your costs and family as well.
Voters asked for full and total repeal of ALL tentacles, complete repeal of Communist Obamacare, ALL OF IT! NOT REPLACEMENT!
wow
here's n idea if politicians take large sums of $$ frm lobbyists & special interests slap 50% tax & invest n working/middle class
maybe so but it was JUST STEP ONE~! we were willing to wait! don't you get that!
No hospitals making the American people pay the difference on their losses to illegal aliens!
US Constitution does NOT promise health care, but to LIFE,  yet millions die thanks to planned parenthood, nothing is free in life
Sen Paul  &  house members that joined that clown committed political suicide #FactoftheDay 
 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
I want your healthcare plan!!!  I trust you!!!
all I know is you reject the AHCA but where can I find what exactly your ideas are?
I would rather have you come up with a better healthcare plan.
And YOU VOTED TO TORTURE WILDLIFE IN ALASKA...BE GONE FROM U.S.
You caused this failure. My way or the highway will lead right to a democ. congress.  You and your intransigent cohorts did it
@WheatSuzanne @DailySignal shut Rand  maybe you just wanted yours.
deductible so high insurance never pays it is Expensive NOcare
If you are claiming HC premiums rose 68% under OC, you are lying. Just survey the average increase over life of OC.
PLEASE REPEAL. RAND, ITS NOT GREAT, BUT ITS BETTER. PLEASE.
Don't vote for ACHA. #FullRepeal #noagetax  Seniors live on $2500 month, how can we pay for ACHA, we cant!
Nice job upholding your "hypocritical" oath!
Let ACA implode and turn back over to states. Move on Supply-Side. That's where Republicans will lose their seats in opposition.
so vote to do something about it. Bird in hand!
disappointed  in you. We have it all and your selfishness is putting it in jeopardy. You'll go on a list of blockers
Its about getting agreement.. not doing it "right". If you make a change and lose 30 votes on other side ? how does that help ?
I worked on your campaign in Iowa. Think you should vote Yes. The impact coming from Obamacare will destroy people. Irresponsible.
pass the bill.  It is important to be unified.  Problems can be repaired as they arise.
yep mine more than doubled
I support @POTUS please vote FOR the #ACARepeal today and stop the nonsense.
At least reconcile the budget so the next steps can be taken.
My premiums went from$210 to $1700 monthly.  Thats a little more than 68%.
let's take the time to make best health plan,don't hurt 3 hundred mil. For 20 mil. Socialism never works. No funding for Plan P.
@JAmy208 @DailySignal MINE DOUBLED FROM 2015 TO 2017 AND DEDUCTIBLE ROSE TO $9000! AHCA ISN'T REALLY MUCH BETTER.
go in the and vote the bill or you'll lose my support.
#StandWithRand
Then vote to repeal today. Stop waiting.
And your going to keep it. Ok we don't have to keep you.
Loved @POTUS's tweet
300,000/yr"preamble posterity"tortured2death
by Planned Parenthood
DoesAHCA stopPP?
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus, which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood, allows P.P. to continue if they stop this plan!
convince them! can it still go through reconciliation?
people already agree on repeal and replace ... why haven't you and @GOP worked on the 'Replace' part??
my family's went up 58% alone and Oklahoma has only 1 option on ind market
From a Trump supporter since the beginning...  Stand strong and DO NOT let this pass!
As well as increased price for healthcare services that need transparency for the consumer to shop around.
Thanks !
Today is the beginning of the end for the Bush Romney Ryan @GOP. Our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump will move on with the people to #MAGA
please vote to end it then
Keep fighting this Senator.  America has your back.
2 year transition to ease people off obama care is humane and reasonable!  STOP HURTING THE AGENDA
Then quit fighting the GOP version and get on the train before it leaves the station!
Think about this: We all pay for each other's insurance ANYWAY, just, we pay EXTRA to maintain those insurance companies. Out with them all!
No, insurance companies drove up the costs. FIRE THEM ALL and save what we pay them. SINGLE PAYOR!
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan Shouldn't consideration been given to the CBO report as part of planning.  Irresponsible to put to vote as is.
dude, we want universal healthcare.  people over profit and partisanship.  The Only way to maintain your majority
This kills the GOP at its core constituency.
Do your job fix the ACA make it marketable!  We need good health care! Protect us!
so fix it, don't punish the American people.  We need good stable health care.  Give us the same plan you have in Congress.
ITS TIME TO DO YOUR JOB, NOT DEMOCRATS BAD AGENDA FOR USA. REPUBLICANS WIN THE ELECTIONS.
stick to your conservative values!
hope all goes well today
thanks to the establishment and lack of ldrship by PRyan, republicans will have squandered their greatest opportunity 2 do good

@Jcpcond @DailySignal remove paul Ryan's position, repeal and repeal paul Ryan hurting the republicans.
I dream of cohesion behind something. Something that does help. Help those going broke paying for health insurance.
Does it take financial meltdown and crisis to make meaningful legislation in America. Do we need to see blood to work.
Is the best solution an organic collapse of Obamacare. I believe when it collapses and real lives suffer bigger, than we act.
@realDonaldTrump Well said-get rid of MLR regs & MEC (min essential cov) regs-restore free market-only guarantee issue plans get tax credits
Repeal, DO NOT REPLACE. Get big government out of our lives. Thanks for all you do. We love @RandPaul
@GodlessNZ @DailySignal Thank you Senator .
There's nothing to work on now. Because of Rs unwillingness to work as a team we r now stuck w ACA n GOP n P45 r weakened.
@kksheld Employers must not be penalized for hiring and retaining workers over 40. #bringourjobsback
The sick and old must die without having preventive care.  What health coverage does congress have?
don't you dare let anyone give in to pass that steaming pile. We're counting on you buddy
Then remove them when you get the bill as long as you can get it thru reconciliation.
PREACH!
got 60 votes?
@JAmy208 @DailySignal just repeal only and move on!
YES. WE DONT NEED THE SHIT. NEVER DID. SCAM TO QUADRUPLE TAXES. SEPERATION OF STATE & INS. CO.
you must help push through this bill.Anyways to amend this to your likings?
To save America, we must remove Congress.
senator this has to be a full repeal. I just had a new baby and now insurance is 800/month to cover family. Crazy
yup, you're getting it. That's part 2 of the strategy
Keep fighting so President Trump doesn't have to be ashamed that congress is so inept.
Delay this vote! Republicans get in a closed door room negotiate and compromise. The Presidency, Senate, & House can not fail us.
No we must get insurance companies out of the middle. We need a public option or single payer. The we will get the fat out.
Don't just say this stuff and not try to help! Go to them and help them get it right so it can pass now! Use action not words!
Instead of just saying this for God sake help them find a away to do just that and tell them how it can pass the senate too! MAGA!
behind you 100%
You are still missing the boat. If you don't address skyrocketing costs of healthcare, lower insurance premiums are moot.
looks like Obama Care will stay and not because of Trump!
We are not stupid! All the special interest are NOT appeased yet! That's why it hasn't passed! We're sick of it!!
thank you. Which @senrobportman had principles to stand on.
Seriously. Do you think  your 21 supporters are enough to pass the bill you propose?  GOP will get nothing done. Again
pledge to work with house to repeal
thank you
@Trish061616 @DailySignal 
Tell that BS to your constituents when Trump states YOU own it. Have a moderate running against you?
To lower premiums we must take profit out of it
exactly. Gutting it will empower insurance to charge more for pre-existing conditions that's free market!
Do it then Ryan listen to American cacus
Republican health care plan will cost me & fellow seniors 66% more.  Seniors vote more than any other group and Republicans r out!
if @realDonaldTrump continues following Ryan then he will be replaced by @RandPaul in 2020! Never take trump voters for granted!
explain the reasoning please
In the health care industry the majority of paychecks go to administrators. It's disgusting that they're getting rich from sick people.
nope
and remove all mandated benefits
@hectormorenco @DailySignal keep fighting Rand. Your plan is better!
That part comes from Secy Price...can he do it before the vote?
you and the freedom caucus stand strong. Please!
Congress Must REPEAL Obamacare Regulations. LIFT THE TAX That Drove Up Premium Costs By Up to 68% !
#MAGA
@RandPaul
ACA alone did not drive up the costs.  Healthcare costs are complex, and are driven by all stakeholders (hospital, pharma, insurance,..).
Work together get it done. OR we are stuck with Obama care
You know y'all will eat the house bill up in the end you work together DO IT NOW!
Just REPEAL ACA.
Right on.
I've had the same insurance for 17 years and I pay more every year. Y'all need a different angle because I don't believe that.
Thank you for standing up for us & keeping the promise.
@freedomcaucus after tomorrow hopefully president trump can move on to another agenda item for you to undermine.  Sleep well
repeal
I am saddened to know of the things the group finds unacceptable
it's dead if it fails opportunity to help driven away so we the people do not thank you enjoy the swamp
@hectormorenco look we need to Repeal&Replace then hash out the tweaks stop effin up this opportunity!@RepMarkMeadows @justinamash
The people understand
Its GOP est&dems that lie 2lo info&parade 2 sad cases &make it look like millions will suffer
We stand w U
#FullRepeal
Too much rhetoric. Doesn't any of you have the courage to talk about getting rid of mandates?
@DianneSteiner  you honest senator thank you.
Thank you for spreading your message. If you're going to do it, then do it right! Agree 100% with you!
Meaning requirements for mental health coverage, maternity care, children wellness clinics? Terrible stuff like that.
many people don't need or want that sort of stuff
do these career politicians not know that they will be voted out if they do not fix this disaster of health care?
I think you should just vote on it and pass it so Donald Trump can keep his pledge for 25 Million Jobs!!
As an American I would love that reality not enough votes  Their constituents will remember in 2018
U are never going to have 60 votes because if u folks cannot agree on anything then we will vote all of u out again. Do SOMETHING.
So Trump & estb. decided to screw Americans? Is that the case? I'm just pissed off right now!
I worked & paid 4 ins entire life so I could have ins @retired. Past 5y prem has doubled & half my check. Able bodied adults work!
If u dont vote4 the bill all will be lost. They will just keep Obamacare in and you will be complicit. U will go down w/ Obamacare
Is there a tiny kernel of humanity still hiding within you somewhere? Please find it.
Two stage process to fix healthcare:  kill @BrokenObamaCare and #TortReform ... result: prices down and Democratic Party dead: win
TRUE.
then pull the regs, repeal it and then work together with the freedom caucas on healthcare.
with you on this mr paul. Don't let this pass
...has insurance, use medicare. STOP Too expensive? Then we can't do it. STOP!
congress must remove ALL government subsidies and regulation in regards to healthcare
Repeal ACA. STOP We don't need another gov insurance program. STOP If the gov wants to make sure everyone...
then get it done. We gave u the house, the Senate and presidency
It terrifies me that Republicans don't like the awful TrumpCare because they think it doesn't go far enough in disenfranchising people.
how much of my paycheck are you entitled to?
If there are tax cuts for big pharma in the bill, it is a non starter. We voted for clean repeal.
get in there & get change/can amend improve as needed, do not kneel to scandalous DEM spies socialist promoters STAND TOGETHER.
So you are okay with thousands of people going bankrupt because they are ill?  No thanks!
how much of my paycheck are you entitled to?
We need a clean repeal of the ACA, nothing less.
you're gonna blow it.
Full repeal.
keep up the good work Senator.
The President must do this correctly, he made a promise, and he hasn't failed us YET!
Parts 2&3 will be fillibustered. The only way to get rid of regulations is to repeal it all first.
