Americans o'seas may have to start flying the flag upside down to signal distress if #TTFI & repeal of #FATCA not in #taxreform17. Imagine!
Hope you don't vote no on that too
Would you and some of your peers propose a change to the healthcare nightmare. I think at the very least we see who doesn't want a real fix
For the Rich only
#StandWithRand
Tax reform is a must!!
I'll be "encouraged" when something gets done.
Tax cut for whom? For the middle class or repeal of the estate tax which ONLY benefits very wealthy? @FoxNews
Big tax cut means bigger deficit. Doesn't sound conservative to me.
You will to chuck offers u another Chk for another vote. Get something done or go pic cotton at least u earn ur pay
3 tier is not #TaxReform.  Don't care if there are 20.  In fact, I propose an infinite curve.  In this technical age there is no excuse
First thing, state taxes and primary home interests benefit the lower income population.  Get rid of the loop holes for the rich >$1M
You Shouldn't be.  The corporate tax should stay at 35%.  Y'all shouldn't get another cent to hoard up and be fat rats with!!!
A big tax cut only limits the decision and action making Power of the Greatest, RIGHTEOUS Government on Earth!!!!!
Encouraged? Senate score: repeal Obama care, zero. Immigration reform, zero. Senate done this term, Zero. Total score, zero. Congratulations
15% Flat tax for everybody no deductions
Please do your part to help with the other things that need to be done
Of course! What you favor is entitlements for the (already entitled) wealthiest Americans, including yourself! Too bad mathematics exists!
Good. Push it forward.
Of course, it helps you, the wealthy
You encouraged ? About what I have no idea ! Oh wait, there's another bill you may be wanting to Obstruct,go get em Tiger !
Suggestions for DACA issue provisional citizenship
1. Secure border
2. I.D. dreamer add to tax roles
3. No vote right
4. Can't sponsor imgr
What is the lowest income that will benefit more than a pair of sneakers/y so ur buddies can withhold billions more from our infastructure
You can take all healthcare money you cannot compensate the money you are putting in the rich pocket with tax cut.
Rand Paul an unbearable debt is in contradiction with a reduction of taxes it's recipe for bankruptcy with republican benediction.
It's disappointing to see you hopeful to bankrupt America with the tax cut. what happen to your oath with America.
It's something But y'all still need to #repeal #Obamacare so free markets can recover and #replace w #healthsavingsaccounts we can keep
We are too
Who gives a shit? All these amnesties have destroyed the country.
Go @RandPaul!!! I live in West Virginia and wish you represented our state. Don't ever let your voice be silent. You are right!
Keep up the encouraging work, thanks from Pennsylvania.
Sen. Paul, roll up your sleeves and get sensible tax reform done.
Are you sure you can vote on this one? Sure you won't FUCK us over like you have the last 10 votes?
When you vote for the graham health care bill it will show once again if your lips are moving you are lying. #loyaltygolfgame
Keep it revenue neutral.
Tax reform means nothing when the country is being given away through immigration. Focus on what matters.
To bad the American people aren't
Yea ok but u senators will accomplish nothing so sad
Of course you are. It will only help you, not me
great Rand. Push tax reform thru along with rest of Trumps agenda. Trumps approval rating very high. Congress not so much
Help Our President with Tax Reform & consider this since retiring in 98 my decent pension has been dwarfed due to 400% inflation Lower Taxes
Talking to yourself? #ImpeachNow
U r an annoying character who will never agree on anything just 4 the fun of it / GO Away
Sir with respect you want to much every time. Please take what u can get and continue the fight another day. U are holding back the agenda.
ACA obamacare is a tax #FullRepeal would be a great start on tax reform! Then repeal 16th Amendment unequal tax on work & saving @COSProject
We must #endthefed but how do you get people who are more concerned about their own pockets to vote against, essentially, a paycheck.
#FridayFeeling
Soonest cycle ended b4 it even started
Sure hope Senate can get this promise done for the American people.
Badly needed. Bringing back businesses from other countries, factories, etc. plus will help wages for middle class.
You need to encourage your group of slackers to act and get to work now. All they do is talk talk talk and take vacation.
Don't fuck people.
Oh really. Until u feel it time to be the proverbial spoke in the wheel. Just stop ur foolishness
hahahahah HAHAHHAHAAAHA
You're a liar of what tax reform will do. Here's proof. Pay attention Republican mutts! They use your ignorance
@RandPaul  is just another Democrat !
What's the government's role in disaster relief according to Libertarians?
Eliminate budget for use of force to achieve political/social goals. Will leave you plenty of $$$ for disaster relief. I can live with that.
Who cares, you'll find something to complain about in the end. That's all you do.....pathetic

@netanyahu @VP another two #Biafran women have been shot by Nigerian Military one was shot in stomach & other one died #StopBiafraKillings 
Yea by Hatch was just interviewed hedging getting it done and he said no to 15% business rate. Why?
@ValleyPatriot Tax reform for WHO?
Retire
#TaxReform is dead. 
#GaryCohn lacks intellect, #Mnuchin flip flops and #BAT & #medicaid cut off the table. So deficit hawk, whats the math?
Please help make it happen!
I'm not encouraged by anything right now
You rock, sir!
