This is breaking news, darling.
It's a troll acct
Of course it is. Brock has been busy
Not Brock, these are most likely Kekistani. They parody Antifa to show how absurd they are. Thus taking away their legitimacy. It's a joke.
Continue the good fight! May Kek be praised by all and never forget the lost soldiers of the meme army.
Senator why is this not on EVERY news channel front and center??? People should be at minimum fired, and those who gave the okay, Jailed!!

And what will lawmakers do about it? Let me guess, criticize @POTUS for firing these criminals?

@Democrat_4Trump @JackPosobiec @TEN_GOP @Pamela_Moore13 @POTUS @KevinJacksonTBS @LeahR77 @LindaSuhler @hrtablaze

WTH???????
What. Are. You. Going. To. Do. About. It.
Swamp. .... drain ... now please
Pulling the plug and watching it drain is too painful 2 watch. @realDonaldTrump needs to blo this cesspool  

"cess·pool"

noun

an underground container for the temporary storage of liquid waste and sewage.

a disgusting or corrupt place.

Wth????
From May.  All this time and still NOTHING has been done.  I'm truly sick of waiting.  Grrrr.
Patience grasshopper.. lol.. Rome wasn't built in a day.. swamp draining takes time..
As a tax paying citizen ...please get to the bottom of this! #corruptashell
Hahahahaha nice try Rand.
Reopen every Investigation that went on in the White House when Obama was being the Worst President of All Time! 
They were All Covered Up!
I think Obama is who he's talking about that released names after unmasking them!! Private citizens he spied on
The Bastard Obama SB sitting B4 a Criminal Grand Jury investigation along with his whole Lying Traitor Staff Members throw in this Bitch Too
Amen!
Hahahahaha you people are such great entertainment. It’s so much fun watching you create this stuff on Twitter. Shame it never gets any further eh? Darn facts.
Your world is about to be flipped upside down.
Keep crying on Twitter
Why is it I only see/ hear about this from you and some on Twitter? This is a MAJOR story!

Thanks! We watched The Five and then the very start of this show. Should have kept it on.
Keep it trending not many know
Clean up 702
#ReleaseTheMemo
Please senator.   Get these people arrested   They need to pay for breaking the law
How many lives were ruined by the weaponized DOJ/FBI (&NSA) and what will be done so this never ever happens again? Have a look at @wesleyfelixpsi where his #FastFurious is documented. If someone doesn't like your face, you can be set up for anything
1000's
Call 4 a special investigation into this! Who's to say the 2012 election wasn't illegally influenced....NO ONE should be above the law!
It long overdue for the ppl to stop this BC of crooked politicians corruption. Now that integrity shines on who has it ;Help by Ppl is warranted to our deserving elected to help save USA ? Is how many politicians have integrity to have our backs while we have theirs?thankU Rand
Thank you sir !!

Release the documents so the American people can see them
We deserve some justice; lock  them up!
#DrainTheDeepState

With the ocean of Deep State treason from the Obama administration, will anyone every be held criminally accountable?
And we'll never hear of this because it happened under Obama and not Trump.
Send them to jail and throw the key away!
Well, Senator, telling me is a nice gesture but you're the one who has to DO something about it. You're the Senator.

Ummmmm... you must be high
Complete media blackout on this news tells you EVERYTHING you need to know about our "free press."

And yet it gets no coverage, will have no investigation, and we'll all once again turn a blind eye to blatant Washington corruption.

@seanhannity @IngrahamAngle @marklevinshow @rushlimbaugh Release documents now @SpeakerRyan
And yet , , , ,
Senator Paul, We will loose this country if Congress allows gov people to misbehave in this way. Enough is enough. Push for prosecutions.
yet we waste our time with this Russia stuff.  American Gov has become third world corrupt.  Sad days.
lol you don’t get it do you
WHO authorized the sharing?  WHO KNEW this was happening?
So, who's going to investigate Comey?
This tweet proves Rand Paul is another Russian asset that needs to be voted out of office and investigated.
Sad actually. As a kid I loved watching movies and shows on the FBI etc....this is a terrible breach of security for private citizens like me who have done nothing wrong. Time to move to London I guess? Who knows really?
Thanks for tip! Now that might explain how reporter at the Washington Post got access to my personal medical records in early 90s. Also false rumors were spread about me thru some members of diplomatic community I found out.
bullish
Please prosecute.
We should not reauthorize the 702 until all the evidence comes out and those who are guilty are prosecuted. We need better protection against illegal spying.
We already knew this Rand, NOW DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!!!
Is Hoover alive? The FBI is a complete clown show right now!
will the criminals ever be brought to justice?
So, is that a breech of the law?
Then do something about it. Where are the indictments for those FBI?
Please, please put all the corrupt in prison.  Please.  If we don't, our country is lost.  Gone.
Really? where exactly? Stop talking out of your backside
@Comey #InHotWater
Fake news.
You too are in with Flynn.  Find you American self and rethink what you are doing.
Shame on our leaders that won't stand up to the Clinton's especially the FBI , Comey was lying from the get go and I don't trust Muller either. Will anyone ever stand up to the Clinton's and their flunkies and live to tell about it ????
The Bureau isn't broken it is has been totally corrupted, this info alone warrants Sessions to un-recuse himself and fire then indict the entire bunch.
GAME OVER, Comey and others are headed to prison!
Thank you Sen Paul for sharing. Fear mongers illegal use of personal data warrants stricter review and guidelines.
Stay on this Senator. It’s time to light up the dark side of the Obama administration and their attacks on American Citizens.
I bet suicides will take place, seems they always do, I just asked Comey to finally come forward and lay the truth out that he took an oath! They have tore our country apart with all this division! Those that follow that BO/HRC cult need to stop now!
START THROWING FOLKS IN JAIL, BET MSM WILL TAKE NOTICE 
Perp walk someone Senator
It doesn't matter.  Nothing will ever be done to correct any of this or to hold anyone accountable.  There will be no subpoenas.  Any investigation will be a fruitless sham.  We have NO CONFIDENCE in the FBI or their "overseers" in the House and Senate.
What in the world are we doing as a country. We need a entire new government. Every American needs to stand up and say I am sick of this. All of these people need jail time. No deals, jail
#TrumpRussia your tweet is misleading and inaccurate. I would expect more from you as a US Senator
Yeah right! Trying 2 side swipe
And nobody has been arrested!  I know you're shocked.
Will anyone be consequences or be accountable? Not likely in the swamp unless @POTUS makes an example of this bullshite!
I believe there is no one working for the Govt with the name FBI. GIVE US FULL NAMES AND CALL GRAND JURY!!!
#LockThemUp
Brandon you have got to quit believing everthing you hear and read.
The House IC is going after the leaking and Obama domestic espionage program.  What is the Senate IC doing on that?
Time for Grand jury put clapper ,Brennen and Comey under oath
Ploy graph all assoc agencies
Seriously I want these people on trial. And the leakers too
This is illegal. Indictments to follow?
Arrest Comey NOW.
just checking again if AP called?
W/those affected b notified of the violation to their #RightToPrivacy
Americans are weary of no jail time for crooks/leakers in DC. Citizens rights are not being protected. Find them, jail them - no matter who.
what can you do about this infringement of our #4A right?
COMEY IS NOT ABOVE THE LAW. NEITHER IS THE WASHINGTON POST
i ask this with all honesty why is no one charged or even accused of this in court?where is equal under the law! thanks for honesty
And what are we going to do about it senator?
#and who the hell is going to jail over this???? Answer the dam question! No more!
Subpoena Comey Senator, pls. Oh, tell him to bring his MEMOS, dating back to his 1st day on the job 
How are you going to put a stop to this. I am not sure government should spy on Americans,  its bad enough marketers do.
Then do something about it instead of just tweeting. Americans are sick n tired n pissed that there's no accountability yet
So what's beong done about it? NOTHING! All you politicians are a JOKE!
Okay, it's great you're tweeting it to expose it to people, but  @RandPaul what the he'll are you doing to bring them to justice?
@BrookeBCNN here's another story for you to follow. You're welcome.
Release it to press
@FoxNews @CNN @MSNBC @wikileaks @KimDotcom @infowars how come no one reported on the @FBI spying and info sharing???
Well, Dems?  Any call for an "Independent" investigation?
and Elijah Cummings!  That part of the story got buried real fast when it came out
This is criminal.  You must do something about this Senator
So who is in charge of filling that complaint and prosecuting it ? @TheJusticeDept @jeffsessions @ACLJ @JudicialWatch @JudgeJeanine @POTUS
Drag Comey in Congress! Why aren't u protecting us?
you are a joke Rand Paul
did they catch you talking to some spies Rand? Or taking some Russian money in one of your super pacs? Poor baby
All kinds of crimes being committed with this!  Our FBI is so corrupt!  They must be held accountable!
Special Prosecutor should be named and get indictments. That the only was it will stop
What else is new? #RandPaul2017
Well you could knock me over with a feather! Please keep fighting this crap
Kind of like Seth Rich, no one will ever be held accountable for the crime
Rand, please have this investigated
They didn't build that giant information collection center in Utah and not use it.ALL electronic info goes through there.Nice police state!
I wish people would quit simply state that it's occurring, but DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT and hold those responsible ACCOUNTABLE!!!
Keep on they Rand.
And why are people not outraged by this?!
We have a lot of very blind folks out there
STOLEN IDENTITY THEFT
Of course they did.  Who REALLY is surprised?


1. #GAHC #blockchain THE VOTE! #technology enabled #election #services  #fintech #investing #BLOCKCHAINTHEVOTE

Former FBI Agent Robert Hanssen is serving 15 consecutive life sentences in supermax prison for doing what James Comey did.
I'm willing to bet my life savings that one of those 3rd parties is Media Matters!!  #LockThemUp
The greatest threat to any government is it's own people. Especially when they're armed.
You are one of the few stand-up guys in the Senate, Rand. So what are you going to do about this bullsh*t?
We All know All of this already.  Lap tops, meta data,  illegal gathering of evidence, mass attacks,Russia has spies,we have spies,
But NOT President Trump!
@ABC @NBCPolitics @CBSNews @CNN maybe you should cover this story???
Thanks for standing up for freedom.
AND WHEN WILL THE CONGRESS START THE HEARING ON PEOPLE IN FBI WHO ILLEGALLY SHARED SPY DATA ON AMERICANS WITH PRIVATE PARTIES ?
How will this situation be corrected? I don't think the good people of this country will let this one slip through.
It's most likely that the private contractors had security clearances to see the memos.Mr. Paul don't become part of the problem, find a fix
When will they be arrested???Anyone???
#SethRich #murder #PizzaGate #PedoGate #URANIUMONEDEAL #DNCLeaks Here are some topics you can focus on
What do think about the mysterious deaths of people scheduled to testify before congress on DNC/Clinton corruption?
So what are you going to do about it?  Grow a pair, senator.
If only you knew someone in government who could hold them accountable for this.
Why Rand Paul? They got you too??? #RussiaGate
Good God, what are we to do? How do we bring down this behemoth trampling over the Constitution?
Forgot to say under obama.
And this should concern every American across the board!
People need to start going to jail Senator. I don't care who, but people need to start being convicted of the crimes they commit
We knew once this power was handed over to the IC they were going to abuse it, even illegally, in the name of "Security" and get by with it.
When do we get the much needed indictments? Where Is Our Justice?
And what will be done about this? A rebuke from FISA ISN'T ENOUGH. Where's justice? Can Obama be impeached in absentia? Jail is fine, too.
3rd party could be your local law enforcement Listen to #whistleblower #DianeRoark =brave Not #NSA but #FBI #Comey ?
Not too surprised.
I hope you raise hell over this.
@Tracey4America
So what are you doing about this @RandPaul ?
Corrupt collusion at so many levels
So when are you guys going to start doing something about it?
AP call yet?  
What are WE doing to make things right with the American people? Justice? Or just talk about it until MSM reports their version of truth?
Hang them! We the people are sick and tired of the corruption! We want them held 100% accountable!  No mercy no deals no delays!
Then PLEASE, demand prosecutions and the total reformation of the #FBI.
ENOUGH "inquiries/investigations" already
What are you going to do about it? Talk is cheap.
Ant the establishment wonders why "the people" distrust them, dislike them, and want to see them gone. At gun point if necessary.
@KAFosterSowell I thought we knew that earlier and no one did anything!  No one will be held accountable!
Prosecute them immediately. Comey should be in jail
Won't make the MSM news, it wasn't Russia related private parties
Bathing in fake news?
So Senator stop being outraged and start demanding that legal action be taken in every instance that it can be. Please stop this idiocy.
Will the GOP DO something about it?  Why do the Democrat crimes always get dismissed?  Why do we even have Congress if you can't enforce?
Treason!!
Is anything going to be done
Well do something about time to call the Obama administration out 4 their crimes
Stop allowing retired bureaucrats to retain clearance for starters
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
@TGowdySC get em 
So now what??
Senator... please help
#ronpaul2020
Get rid of the FBI
Time to start the REAL WHEELS of JUSTICE against Obama and administration behind this act of treason.
