You had 7 years,7 and come to us with 0 are you nuts or hate Trump that you are willing to hurt us.

Quit talking and take action to now to repeal. Make it fair for majority.
How does a nationwide company = small business?
Because he only donated 60k not 2.5 million
More of your war on the poor. Shame
He wrong to help poor unlike anti american left which is tryin to enslave them.
So uninformed. True Trump supporter. You people will pay the higher price of the Trump con
Bowling Green?!? Where the massacre happened?
And I must say again, I never cared for you, but you are a good man,  and this is a wise decision,  and you are a wise man for making it.
What is wrong with you? You actually come back to KY and meet with donors at the expense of the rest of your constituents than brag about it
Did you discuss the 'massacre'? Or were there planning one?
I think we, the self employed, have been hurt most by #ObamaCare I haven't had insurance in 2 years.  Thanks Oboe.
You should submit a bill to repeal Obamacare. Make selling ins across state lines legal and make consigners groups legal and preferred.

Remember, the Koch directive is to repeal Obamacare, not replace it–their lackeys in Senate pursuing exactly that https://twitter.com/toddzwillich/status/887141966743470081 …
Why don't you get onboard the Republican bandwagon and forget your constant and very annoying obstruction?
You guys are on a course to loose the Senate pass health care
Thank you Senator Paul!! Thank you for your courageous no vote on the health-care bill- you are a gentleman and a scholar!
Look..I'm as right wing as it gets.. but you gotta tell DJT to STop tweeting...PLEASE!  ITS HURTING HIM!! FEEDING THE LEFT WING MONSTER!!
Great, remind me never to use that company. DO YOUR JOB HOLD AN ACTUAL TOWNHALL. #bananarepublic #COWARD
Keep up the good work Rand with health care reform, and my business uses Fast Signs. They really are fast, and make a good product.
You have no business being in Congress. GO back to your medical practice & leave us alone. You're useless! Thanks for doing nothing to help.
One more company i won't do business with now
Why aren't you talking to the people who actually need a healthcare plan?
Senator, I can't believe you Republicans can't get agreement on a health care bill that is much better than ACA. PLEASE get it passed!
#StandWithRand
Must be the "Flat-earth round-table"!
Hello Mr. No. your great as a minority party. But not ready to govern yet. An incremental step in the right direct is better than no step
Thanks for meeting with small business owners.  Please also meet with healthcare providers to discuss the problems with Obamacare/Medicaid.
Think for a second if Obamacare repeal fails America is stuck with it in perpetuity. You MUST vote yes. A bad bill is better than Obamacare
Where the Trumpcare Massacre will happen?
Do u realize trump kicked your ass. We voted for him. Stand up for trump
Just think if US companies made goods in US instead of China the wealth would be going to US instead of China
How many classified secrets could the trump family be revealing to Russia. Are u sure your secrets are safe!!!
WHAT IS WRONG WITH U? If the country doesn't do well! Then ur not serving ur nation,ur state, or ur district! Get behind potus! We've need U
Love ya Dr Paul!
We need this OBAMCARE REPEAL IS WHAT YOU RAN ON PLAY IT FORWARD
Premiums will rise for 177M Americans while congress keeps #ACA for themselves. #TrumpCareKills
https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/17/how-the-republican-health-care-bill-could-raise-premiums-for-177-million-americans/ …
To me as a citizen. Our government has failed the American people. Has shown no intentions of changing. Full of arrogance. Detached from us.
We have a bill trying to improve Obamacare by the "conservs" to keep it alive longer. Too many politicians to truly repeal and replace.
All democrats and most republicans want single payer healthcare, it looks like a lost cause
Rand, are you secretly supporting 1 payer ?! Because that will be the future if Ocare remains ! Rep option not perfect but opens options
Photo is nice. Roundtable nice. Must be frustrating as small business. We talked about it for 8 years LOL. Now here we are AND....
Since when is fast signs small business??!!!
You need to do some homework. Find out what defines small business. Do they fit that?
Thanks for reminding me never to buy from @FASTSIGNS ever, ever
Great of you to honor the victims of the Bowling Green Massacre
Less than 30 employees - go somewhere - where thay have to buy Obama Care.
Tell them better is not the answer
Let's get the healthcare passed.   The GOP is looking foolish with these delays.   America needs Obamacare gone...
Do you want them to pass the repub healthcare bill or do you want them to repeal obamacare? You certainly can't have both.
Full repeal of Obamacare as promised! Nothing less!
Now if you will just support your party.
Great Job Rand meeting with Wage earners!
Sen. Paul; Cast your vote to get the Bill on the floor, and push to separate  Medicare/aid from it.  Then introduce a separate funding Bill.
Forever Randlet.

Vote yes I agree with you but we got to pass something
What about a round table made up if lower/middle class Americans? Including the ones that are doing well with Obama care
I would have Voted for you instead of Hillary ,Im very Disappointed ,what the GOP is Allowing to come out of the Oval Office .
I wish my small business had 660 locations worldwide
Franchises bud
I wish my small business collected franchise fees from 660 locations worldwide
Please hold a rountable in the eastern part of our state.
Senator, if the American HC Bill is not what u want, but better for Americans than OHC, VOTE YES! Whose team are you on??!!
Bowling green is awesome!
Stop voting with the Dems and vote Yes on the healthcare plan, RINO
lmao why are you like this.
#ItBanned #WomenAsProperty and
#ForcingAmericansToLaborForTheBenefitOfAnother
#WontYouStandWithUs and
#TeachCongressTheValueOf
#13Amendment
Near the Massacre site??
Rand, your Obstructionism is exactly the same platform as the Dems. Your position as Senator is tenuous at best. Your respect is waning.
Special interest bastards (corporations) are still given PAYOLA access to our Govt "Lawmakers".Mr.President, an Exec.Order please? @POTUS
#NeverForget #BowlingGreenMassacre #MAGA
daddy rand!
