Do you know how many elections the US meddled in? In the last 8 years?
And to suggest any native from AZ should do so is abhorrent.
Yeah right I listened to eight years of whattabout Bush. So sit down and shut up.
oh bullshit! how can we do that, when the so called president elect attacks our hero John Lewis.
John Lewis should fix the poor areas of his own district first.

Donald Trump is already disappointing his supporters http://ln.is/huffingtonpost.com/cLk8v … via @HuffPostPol
LMAO as if huffington could actually get a republican to speak to them.
One of 5 memes spouted by the truly unoriginal weak minded tools of the propaganda machine.
Huffington post is the propaganda machine itself.
No shit Sherlock.
and you are wrong! John Lewis is right for not going to trump's inauguration. he won by cheating.
Lewis hasn't been to a republican inaugural since Reagan.
And when you say justice for all, do you also mean justice should b applied at the highest levels as well?
should be
then if facts are in evidence that the Trump campaign colluded with Russia he should be impeached at the very least
more likely came from  killery's computer!
I think that facts from the intelligence agencies will speak for itself. If DT cannot explain; suffer the consequences
Hillary
I think we can dispense with talk of HRC she lost. The issue now is the Constitutional crisis looming over the country
SHE NEEDS TO ANSWER FOR WRONGDOING !
PREACH
Not until you go against Trump's position on Russia. If we stay friends with our NATO allies, then yes, we are united.
No reason for a bad relationship with Russia. We should trade with Russia. No more Dr. Strangeglove!!!
not true wake up
DEFINITELY NOT RACIST....HE IS EVERYONES PRESIDENT! Get Over it
how come wg fed workers are improperly paid @step 2 100%prevailing wages but are 30-100%below fact
where have you been?

ATTN @RandPaul! Do you AGREE or DISAGREE with @realDonaldTrump comparison of US Intel agencies to Nazi Germany? 

…
When you won't condemn comparing Trump comparing CIA to Nazi Germany, there's little hope of uniting with you and your ilk.
yeah right?! You are not uniting by NOT having truth and integrity on @CNN   U are dividing because people lose trust in u!
Prove you mean those words.  Vote no on Senator Sessions nomination
Well said Senator Paul. Glad someone sees the truth.
Nice sentiment but I'd say your party has most of the work to do in this department.
Thank you for taking the leading role in replacing Obamacare BEFORE repealing it! VERY important NOT to leave people w/out anythng
sad you only recently grew a backbone and actually became a politician, it seems that you could a been in trumps chair
you were the only one questioning about our liberties...no one cares about our Constitution? #krisannehall
I think you mean justice with a wall #trumplethinskin
South America is on their own.
to do that we need to get rid of the government! We need way less government less taxes and more freedom!
And in the mean time, Congress is bringing in a third America of Muslims who want nothing more than to impose Sharia Law. #MLKDAY
then end voter suppression, end for profit prisons #resist
John Edwards, is that you?
novel concept!
why don't you see if you can get the bigots in your party to join in Randy?
justice for all that you are cutting Health Care for up to 30 million people or more Justice for who the rich and the wealthy
2 America's can only co-exist if they both follow the Rule of Law.
Hope you stay strong and try to get rid of the NDAA act and get Trump Care done quickly. Thanks Brother
how do think our country will unite when the president elect acts the way he does and says the hateful divisive things he does?
and by denouncing divisive antics and rhetoric spewed forth by Trump.
keep on dreaming
Get off of the fence Rand. This is why you Polled 2%. There is ONE America. Make it Great
Would U please demand accountability from the FBI 4 trying 2 drive Dr King to suicide !  https://twitter.com/KIR_bigg50/status/821100017322749953 … @kurteichenwald
Damn..... no words for this sh*t.. https://twitter.com/wikileaks/status/821050144732971010 …
Wake up! .@RandPaul Any Republican that supports Trump is supporting Putin. You go ahead and skip along the garden path. Not me.
when do you figure that will happen?
Thankyou Rand! You said it all! Love you Rand!
so does unity look like 69M just rolling over & accepting stripping Americans of access to health care & rights?
as long as we are united under the same social justice movement Dr. King continued.
Amen Senator Paul ! 
2Americas what are you referring to. We are all born equal & all GODS children
It's a  confirmation that there is such a thing as two  Americas?
@POTUS Love for R's to practice the words shared on day in celebration of MLK Birthday.POTUS would be respected,treated fairly.
my daughter played violin at a MLK event in our city.  We were two of four whites in the room that loved us and prayed for Trump.
The left are so filled with hate we can not even have 
A discussion with them.
Or how about we just let black people vote? I'd be cool with that.
There u go again, whatnis eith the racism?
I have no idea what you're trying to say. "whatnis eith the racism?" Is that some new Republican language?
no DEMS
That will never happen until the biggest RACIST PURGE, the Government's War on Drugs is totally ended.
But first, let us dump Trump.
So you want to unite under a cabinet of banksters and oil men?  No thanks, I'll keep resisting.
I did not know we had 2 Americas...My forefathers fought and died 4 the United States since the American Revolution...
There is North America, the USA then there is South America, together we are the Americas get it?
we will all be united in death when you allow your friends to destroy us. #MLK
It will never happen with disrespectful moronic thinking Negroids  like John Lewis ,AL Sharpton  Jessie Jackson, & Eric Holder .
KIT CARSON DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE! $ 0.00 SALERY
U.S.ARMYVETERAN
NEWTONIAN
100 % FARM PRODUCTION
NOPOISON
NEWDIRT
CUT 1.39B
Ok, but can we do it without Russia in control and blowing up the world? K, thanks, bye.
@freedom3556 @MTV  #StandWithRand n let's be one please America we are all we got were being DECIEVED by many don't fall FORIT.
AMEN
Indeed!
Tell this to your boy.Yes the one who wants to censor America and kick out reporters for asking tough question
Good luck with that
taking heath care away from 30 million people is pretty much 2 Americas.
Does that include @Potus? How can scrapping 4th Amendment protection for American citizens by executive order be legal?
as long as you are white, rich and don't criticize Trump
good they don't need to be there!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xs5qX8ZSdIQ …
The pro-Trump and anti-Trump Americas?
just  do you think the left want to work with what is good for USA?
LOLOLLOL hypocrite ...
You can unite the US by withdrawing your support for the illegitimate foreign paid racist being sworn in on Friday.
the 7000 jobs so that Ford's going to bring to Detroit just think 25 to 30% of them will be black thank you Trump
we have 2 Americas?
North America, South America.
but that darn wall will keep us separated.
Mexico is in North America.
Just talk, when it becomes reality than I'll believe it. We have to deal with the Democrats homosexual indoctrination
lol
left will have no power if they can't leverage ginned up hate. Experts at crowd manipulation.
It's not going to happen under trump.
yes it is
right...you do a good job Mr senator Paul.
Amen! Thank you! Humans are humans. I wish we could stop labeling and categorizing. Unite! Enough!
Celebrating mike king the plagerist, who raped women, was violent, and racist? Naw. No thanks. Thats all you.
Which 2 Senator? The white and black, the rich and poor, the citizens and immigrants? More specific, you have alot of rifts to fix
unfortunately, Sen. Paul, the PEOTUS does not know how to unite people.
that was obama not Trump...
LOT of division under Obama, but a man who can't admit when he's wrong, apologize, self-moderate, or pick his battles can't unite
Listened to your proposed Health care plan yesterday and it's a joke! Back to the drawing board my friend!
you mean the upper 1% like you and then the slaves like the rest of us
u got Rand all wrong better do sum research b4 u slander
when you learn what the second amendment is for then message me
The 2nd Amd. is to assure the honesty of our govt.  It is a deterrent against rampant abuses of power.
well we have alot of that now. But again it a we have a standing military that takes care of that
yo that military is not 4 that "we the people" r military is institution which the pres control
Talk to Trump. He's a hypocrite
Tell that to PEOTUS. He considers 63 million of us enemies.
saying that does not make it true
A president elect should be trying to unite the country. Not belittling the Americans who didn't vote for him.
maybe we can unite after OBama is gone!
let us hope people wake up
sounds goood but,seems as though congressman Lewis has forgotten how to unite with anyone who's views are even slightly different
There's another America: One including Libertarians.
- ride on white knight and unite the one a America
