Judge Gorsuch is a worthy successor to Justice Scalia, a committed originalist and a strong defender of religious liberty and states’ rights
I look forward to working with my colleagues for a speedy confirmation and to having another Justice who will defend the constitution.
Don't see much movement. When ??
@PrisonPlanet Gorsich!! A government minimalist.

Praise be.
You misspelled his name ya boob.
my eyes aren't what they were. But, it's better than being a jackass who corrects spelling on twitter
So #MuslimBan gets not a word from you and you tweet about this in 5 minutes? #ReasonsWhyIDidntVoteForYou
Was not a Muslim ban, grow up, daddy's home. #MAGA
I'll go slow      I S I S is in those countries ok better for us nt to get booboos
You do know Iran sponsors Terrorists?
this is the real bowling green massacre
Oh you fucking crawler.
awww...you sad he didn't nominate a liberal that would burn our Constitution?  Cry more!
Who thought that?
we will resist with the last breath.
you resist the Constitution and our country?  You will be charged with treason and rot in a cell
@skifflegirl love u !   You have Gutzpah and conviction
Senator @RandPaul is one of the good ones. Kentucky is lucky!
yeppers
I'm your constituent (zip: 40204) and I think this is a terrible choice!
@talmadge5 Hey, Dr. Paul..can you give this SC RN any advise on what we can do with @LindseyGrahamSC He really needs to STOP!
@CharlesS1952 still waiting for  democrats to go high like Michelle obama said
@confusedabout I'm surprised about RandPaul's approval for Supreme Court Justice.
YOU CONGRATULATE PRESIDENT BANNON AND WW3 ON KENTUCKY?  GREAT! NEXT KY REPUBLICAN PLEASE!
Will @libertarianism help the Christian communities in Kentucky scared of Trump and Bannon?  Who has courage?!
let us not forget the victims of the "Bowling Green Massacre" (that never happened)
just don't let Trump fire you. Do the right things for us Senator and ensure the blessings of liberty.
@PatrioticChoice This was exceptionally well done!!
Great SC pick but now you MUST say no to DeVos!
DeVos is not qualified! Do the right thing. Vote no!
You're a sell-out Rand. Go blow Romney again.
if u truly care about ky I will no vote all of trumps nominations
be activist judges on the bench
dems whole problem is that they do not want a nominee who will decide cases based on case law and the Constitution, not

Merrick Garland does too!
Gorsuch is a wonderful choice; brilliant man, excellent replacement for Scalia w/o tipping Supremes balance. Dems should support.
audit the fed, audit the fed, audit the fed, 
audit the fed, audit the fed,Oh yeah BTW audit the fed!!
your not a libertarian.A constitutionalist at best!
About time you and the #POTUS agree on something
why did you agree to block Obamas pick for Supreme Court???
Thankful for your leadership when radical left is making such a fuss.Their agenda is so far removed from Constitution it's scary.
No thanks.We have enough men in positions controlling Women's Reproductive Systems,life decisions. Govmt doesn't own women bodies.
oh now you love him?
I appreciate seeing your support on the agenda, I respect your opinion and getting disgusted with McCain & Lindsey
Keep up the good work!
STOP DeVos Rand !! I am pro-GOP and even pro-Trump.. but she is wrong for position. Growth/Proficiency & college
Listen to the people who elected you. NO
and he's humble, I respect that....
I congratulate you for falling in line like a good sheep. Let's all get excited about rolling the clock back 50 years!!!!
@ChristianRep feel like they go to the Supreme Court and become liberal. It all goes to that, they're so stupid that their smart
idea. They get on the Supreme Court get to thinking about it too much and ultimately leads them to a liberal decisio
Just use nuke option right away. Then you do not owe 8 demecrats anything.
I didn't think the Supreme Court was supposed to be liberal or conservative
This is wonderful!
TOP CLASS
#StandwithRand
Is he a Republican..Because if Hillary had voted 4 him...He must b a Democrat
I congratulate you for being the tallest midget in the R party because you're right about foreign and drug policy, & nothing else
Help Make it happen Senator
thanked you yesterday for being voice of reason. Retracting that now. #hypocrisy
why did you fail to consider Obama's SCOTUS nomination? #shameful
Rally the team Sen Rand. President has enough opposition. America is behind him
- very sad senator to see you as part of this circus. Shame on you !
Work hard to get him confirmed. WE THE PEOPLE are thrilled POTUS kept his word. #MAGA
What say you to the article by Neil Gorsuch criticizing GOP politicizing of Judicial pick Merrick Garland?
@WinnaWinna2016 Just like Sally Yates!
"Don't tell me the sky is the limit, when there are footprints on the moon"
The ppl love a @POTUS who keeps his word & promises. Thank you sir!
@9975T Now get your  colleagues to do their jobs!
@philosophygeek You mean the SCOTUS seat the Republicans stole from President Obama?
certainly not Trump's fault that Obama couldn't get support for his appointments.
yes,  we absolutely need more men on the supreme court to trample the rights of women
enjoy waiting 12 months for a hearing #karma
#KyConstituent here @RandPaul I'm not surprised you keep supporting this puppet.  But keep an eye on his puppeteers. #Bannon #Putin
it's amazing how silent GOP was over the weekend with the van, now everyone rushing to thank him
I can't believe it what a pic two thumbs up
trump is a playboy so I am not surprised..
please lead the ACA replacement, IRS overhaul, and new Fed Reserve policy! Counting on you
Merrick Garland deserved the proper respect to go through the process...paybacks a b****
@Watzmann0905 Senator pls do everything possible for a quick confirmation. DJT need full concentration on his work.
good now fall in line and support the president against the left.
Thanks from Bowling Green. Stay the course.
@PJWay1 I want an object, unbiased jurist, not a conservative.
objective
@rowdy_tt Didn't a bunch of lobbyists push for Gorsuch? Life issue? No writings so how do we know?
Trump has run lobbyist off...so I don't think so. Lots of fake news out there
@RandPaul
Confirming President Donald J Trump is a man of his word! #winning!
and I congratulate you for blowing your spine out your rear and giving this admin a pass to get a cut on the top tax rate. Coward.
Time the 51rule done with
You better have his back during his presidency! We'll be paying close attention...
@Alisand3 Judge Gorsuch is a good and brilliant man, respected by all, and so are you Mr. President.
And you voted for Betsy deVos. We've got your number. We are watching!
Sure, NOW you speak up about something. #coward


I do NOT support him and as your constituent, call for you to rethink your vote. 40245
@realDonaldTrump ... he is not conservative... he is Constitutionalist as we need him to be!!! Proud for this nomination
if you support him, he must be a good one. #StandWithRand
You should be ashamed of yourself. YOU KNOW he's dangerous. What's your excuse?
@ItzaCicero 
"WE THE PEOPLE"WOULD ASK YOU TO #EndMarijuanaProhibition ,ITS THE CURE 4 Heroin abuse recovery & 4 seizure treatment
@PrisonPlanet Illinois Residents soon will need passport to Fly in America January2018 or 2020 Real id Act none Compliance
@PrisonPlanet Springfield Illinois Navy Veteran Why isn't Illinois Dems Durbin Duckworth ect Illinois Real id Act none Compliance
too bad it's a stolen seat!
You're off your rocker with this one, Rand. Isn't his hostility toward women's rights against your views as a libertarian?
I was always pro-choice till I watched a PP video. It looks like murder to me. then they use the baby bits try a vid
@AlexisinNH http://cpac.conservative.org/submit-an-idea/  have cpac have me as a speaker or panelist please
dude. I thought you were a libertarian warrior. Not conservative. You need to rebrand. FYI
it's really sad to me that it has come down to us picking judges who take a side. Shouldn't they be impartial & constitutional?
you should watch his speech youtube whitehouse channel. He seemed very fairball to me
I'm not complaining about what he said. It's just a shame we even think about what side a judge is on. IMO.
good point which is why this guy is a constitutionalist
I think you would say the same thing if @realDonaldTrump nominated one of his Russian prostitutes instead of Gorsuch
debunked I know POTUS is making your head spin with so much GREATNESS happening but u r childish
@O_IrishT well perhaps you will listen social security is not a gift it's made by hard working people it's a raise way over due
If only your colleagues were no already slandering his good name.
Agree! @SenatorSessions Werr about  to take this country back with your help! @TomCottonAR
I'm just hoping the @POTUS will end the infringement of our #2ndAmendment rights in #COMMIEfornia. It's getting ridiculous!!
lets see if the dumbocrats get it done
I like you again....
@peicut Isn't a pro life record important to you?
this to me is an important endorsement.
@jessbriis defend our constitution
how can you keep sucking up to the fascist who publicly ridiculed you?
cause he stopped drinking kool-aid like the rest of us. wish you would pray for u
@Sunbeam_Dream Great nominee! MAKE AMERICA AND OUR MILITARY GREAT AGAIN! MAY GOD BLESS AMERICA!
every one in Kentucky should vote Rand Paul he knows the law he is open minded common sense guy Thanks Rand Paul
when are we gonna hear about your work toward replacing ObamaCare?
Please do NOT confirm Devos. It will only confirm Congress is bought and paid for. If she gets elected, no one will be reelected!
u missed the memo too late thanks for playing
it was a great choice when you get time tell President TRUMP
@veganvecoh 
Avada kedavra!  A pox on you
thanks Rand you and the prez seem to be alot alike similar goals
if you value experience and credentials you have to say no to Betsy DeVos. She's not qualified and we owe our kids more than her.
too late. Sure they will be some degrading kool-aid for you to drink @ ur fav MSM
better check your source(s) genius, she isn't confirmed yet she just passed senate committee.
Senator What can Be Done about Terrorist Financier #GeorgeSoros ?
Nice Rand. Glad you're a patriot.
@KlayVolk @VegaTorre1
@FiveRights get out in front of cameras and help fight Ds smear campaign.
An originalist....so, I assume he is pro-#2A? I can't find much in his record on #gunrights/#guncontrol...?

Should be Merrick. Don't put party ahead of country.
Rand time for you to step up and stand strong in your support
always knew he would do what he said he would do! % I for one am not surprised at his pace and his choices for cabinet or scotus!
Thank you Senator
no
Thank you Senator.. now let's Trump n Supreme Judge
the travel ban is affecting lots of kentuckians and the repel of the ACA.  I can't believe you aren't standing up for ALL of us.
Well said, Sen. Paul! I couldn't agree more. Another great choice by Pres. Trump, start to heal the damage from 8 years of Obama.
@PrisonPlanet yeah but what will schumer cry about? 
he announced he would block before he even knew who it was. I live in NY I thinkhe should be impeached
Neither which #DeVos has @RandPaul
& he looks #good on TV  for #TrumpCircus #realityshow! Plus another #oldwhiteguy who will further #trump #waronwomen!
war on women. He makes me as a woman feel more protected & cared for than any president in my life.
#sexist #misogynist @realDonaldTrump likes #silent #subservient #women ask 3rdwife not all women #trump #assaulted!
Thank You
Ditto.  Hopefully we won't encounter a surprise with his bench opinions (Just John Roberts, etc).
@PrisonPlanet you are my senator sir!! Let's get this guy in!!!
my gut is the R are just using Trump to push their agendas!  They really don't have his back. Dc is evil.
@phillipmbailey. If you mean religious liberty means conservative Christian only.
I'm not a Christian I listened to the man. You should before you judge. whitehouse channel youtube
Merrill Garland - he had perfect credentials, you thief.
Now do your part Sen Paul.
Illegitimate nominee. It should be Justice Garland
@blkdiamond97 : Socialist Party will be quiet & block: it's over for them
@mgillaspie And so many of you thought he was a complete phony. So far, he's been more conservative than Reagan.
Did you send an  apology to Judge Merrick Garland? 
didnt I tell you SEN RAND PAUL POTUS TRUMP WOULD keep his word as promised,thats why i fought for him from the start.
yes we did, while they all threw him under the bus and ran like sissies!  Thank goodness we stood strong!
YES MY FRIEND THANK GOD
Please make sure Neil Gorsuch is pro life.
however, your vote on Betsy DeVos was really disappointing.
Why did he have to make a spectacle out of it my senator? And who is paying for the trip for the poor guy who didn't get the rose?
I guess Merrick Garland wasn't that huh? You guys are lemmings to a man who is not a conservative but in fact a raging narcissist.
the tears, nomnomnom
@Ants_Covers never see the seat

lol, democracy is built on the ashes of fascist's
good thing our govt is a constitutional republic then.  A Democracy would mean we are screwed.
sure thing
Yeah cause that totally happened guys. That's why I live in a liberal state with a cabinet of guns
idiot
Thank u President Trump thxu Rand the man good days ahead yes!! #StandWithRand
@hughhewitt yeah what about Garland though.
um, no longer nominated.
Garland otherwise choke on this nominee.
ever heard of nuclear option?
Shame the nominee from a year ago didn't get in because Republicans didn't want to do their jobs at that time.
I think we are all amazed it isn't Hillary nominating somebody right now.  Gorsuch imminently qualified.
also, this may be the only thing I agree with Trump on, so I'm gonna just be pumped.  Been a depressing decade.
trying to have a healthy conversation here. What has been depressing about the last decade? That seems like a broad statement.
understood.  I believe that government power has limits.  Real limits.  Bush/Obama/Trump... not so much.
when people argued that Obama should not use EO to legislate (like me), it was directly looking to a guy like Trump.
side point, Obama used 276 EO. Less than Bush, Clinton, Regan, Carter.
@LindaSuhler Thank you
if you like him then there's no doubt he's a solid choice.
I know, right? Who'd have known Trump is a man of his word.
#Trump2020
the left are in a tizzy because they are finally feeling change they can believe in.
Wow, you wrote all that fast!
you mean the second amendment. That is the only part of the constitution y'all care about. and the part where women lose privacy
It's murder #MAGA
You have got to get McConnel to use the nuclear option and get Sessions and Gorsuch confirmed now
You're my senator, Dr. Paul. Let's get this guy confirmed quickly!
thanks Paul
You used to be a leader now you pander. Disgusting

We are  together  Sir for Love 
Hope he gets the Merrick Garland treatment.
Except Republicans control Congress, not Democrats.  Woops.
What was wrong with Obama's guy though?  He seemed just as qualified as this guy, probably more so.
Congress decided the new president should nominate the seat rather than the lame duck.  He picked someone else.
