What makes u say that?  He is only one fighting for full repeal. 
Speaking Truth to Stupid
TL;DR - screw little countries bc they don't help us. Russia is scary, don't make them mad. Reagan is rolling in his grave.
Rand Paul stood up not only for Americans by voting No, but also to the citizens of Montenegro and Russia. Right Choice!
Remember when Reagan said "Mr. Gorbachev... the wall is fine; we don't want trouble; we'll back out of Germany"?
You should want the U.S. to not start wars, not overthrow elected officials, not make them refugees in the first place!
@Navsteva I see you angered @SenJohnMcCain today. That means you're doing the right thing.
Montenegro is under siege from Russia. To diminish their importance in Europe is ignorant. Badly written article as well
Please end this Russiaphobia, better for the paranoid EU to make friends. Nato cannot beat a Russian Offensive.
Do you have a reply to Senator John McCain statement that you were working for Vladimir Putin?
and what? turn away nations that want to be a part of NATO instead of the eastern bloc?
agreed it's a globalist tool outdated in post globalism America defund saving $3 Billion do it
Idiot , Putin and China will take over your " Globalist " charade !! Ask Ukraine and the Baltics
The problem is not NATO itself but its who is running it+setting out its policy+agenda the same way that US foreign policy has
I agree.  Great thinking.  No more war guarantees for nothing.
you are either a Putin tool or very naive to Putins mind and methods. Go back to examine eyes if you can
This was another of Pres Trumps promises. Good to see you encouraging him to keep those promises
NATO is the EU's nazi army that US taxpayers pay for .
Surely NATO surrounding Russia 360 degrees is the logical choice for peace and stability. We would totally let them do it to us!
.   @SenJohnMcCain How was your day???? 
forget Senile McCain!! Keep fighting for us!!! AND watch your back!!!
@zoombouse -Rand can do his job. Trump's been blocked at every turn to do his job but still doing what he can
You are absolutely the man for standing up to the establishment on this one. We don't need war with Russia!!
Now that Turkey is becoming a radical Islamic state, they should no longer be included in NATO! In fact, no Muslim nation should!
NATO celebrated anniversary of arming terror with more slaughter.
@jakequery "Have you heard of Thomas Jefferson?"  Zing! LMAO
Turkey Muslim Brotherhood Erdogan is corrupt.. needs to be booted out
we should also put an end to bombing the crap out of third world countries which does nothing but put a bigger target on US back
Russia is not a threat to Europe.. Why would they want those multiculturalist socialist welfare countries with no resources 
Russia has one aircraft carrier. Not a conventional threat to the US. The only threat is NATO encroachment on Russia's borders..
Just end NATO. I habe worked with our NATO """partners""" they bring nothing to the table. Not even useful as fodder.
Agree End UN. too
agree. It is too little; pro active and moves the trip wire too close. Why not let EU defend their own lands?
<= #NATO member #Turkey is not a #NATO Ally!
<= IMO #NATO is a Cold War relic - kept alive by #CIA to line their own pockets on retirement "from duty"!
how about we tackle a few things at a time Rand? A country of now now now instead of doing things right! What a concept!

Excellent! If you were trying to get me to campaign door-to-door for you in 2020, you couldn't have done better than this.
@NetworksManager Now THAT'S hillarious! Read the article kids. NATO's a joke. UN's a joke. AMERICAN Nationalism is NOW!
NATO is irrelevant in today's 21st century - military technology has evolved. Drain all the swamps #MAGA #AmericaFirst #TermLimits
@networksmanager Agree. #NATO is an outdated bloated group of corrupted politicians peddling military spending for favors. #MAGA
HE SHOULD ALSO END THIS WAR OF AGGRESSION IN SYRIA
BTW what Soros' puppets BJ Clinton & Albright did to Yugoslavia w NATO's assistance, renders that Organization war criminals...
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @VP Should END NATO, get the Turks out of EUrope, normalize US/RU relations now...
why would he do something he said he would? I dont see it happening.
Turkey will be gone by 2018!!
agreed!! I pray you are able to continue to communicate with POTUS!. On health care too!!!
@realDonaldTrump Go Rand - bring the money home, fix flint, healthcare, education...
@donalwe1 I AGREE WITH PAUL!!!
We need to get a group of National Attorneys to Impeach leaders that want to Dismantle NATO
End NATO are your Stupid Rand Paul. Resign please. Nobody should listen to you on TV anymore
Absolutely ! No NATO expansion!
He should end the charade of pretending he is a President.
President Trump should get us out of NATO, spineless, ball-less, and penniless (w/o US)
Dr. Rand Paul Introduces Tulsi Gabbard’s “Stop Arming Terrorists Act” In Senate - Ron Paul Liberty Report http://ln.is/com/qE0BC 
Thank you, watch your back
-Yes and he should say no to this ryancare program also
we need to strengthen NATO and pull out if the UN.
@NetworksManager  Yes.  Do it now
===Tell President Trump..he will take your call
@ArnaudDevelay1 fully agree! rgds from EU
DON'T FORGET WHO WAS THERE AFTER 9'11 FIGHTING WITH US - ISREAL WAS NOT - BUT WE GIVE THEM BILLIONS
#StandWithRand
is Putin yanking you off too? @RandPaul none of us would be here today without @NATO effective deterrence of Kremlin Kleptocracy
Please bring this to his attention Mr Paul
I think it's a responsible attitude we want to keep our kids we don't want any confrontation with the Russians.
So true. Remember when Reagan said, "Mr. Gorbachev... the wall is fine. We don't want any trouble. Can we be friends?"
Our NATO "allies" are not going to cooperate with us.  We need to pull out of #Syria and the Baltics and create a stronger Defense.


You are all behind Trump's plan to shut American down!
do we not need allies?
constitution says to stay out of entangling alliances. Im sure its outdated and no longer relevant though.
Just get rid of it altogether, it'll make my life a lot easier. Not sure about anyone else tho.
Health care Share, profits are going thru the roof!
UHC 170 per share really?
The rich Are getting richer !
that why you will not ever win a presidential election
wow, I was hoping Putin didn't get to you too
..and cancel $54B boost to military budget? it is an unsolicited and unnecessary.  a ploy to ingratiate himself w/ military.
Rand Paul once said Donald Trump is a delusional narcissist and an orange-faced windbag,,, Now he kisses his ,,,,
The American People should end Trump's charade pretending to be a  decent human being

the @GOP is a charade

What changes do you recommend to replacement bill to make it viable?
amen
