Maybe you should know facts before you jump on the blame game.
"ALL MUSLIMS ARE PEACEFUL"=false report

Why aren't Dems allowing truth to be told? 

Typical SHARIA steps.
Why would any White person vote for you when you've made it clear how much you hate them and want them to suffer?
False reports aren't just troubling Senator, they are criminal. Leaders that sensationalize stories are a problem & divisive.
even when they are total BS from Muslim liars ?? Great Bobby
Looks liek @SenBobCasey stands against the America people.
but not hypocrisy?
Troubling? Destructive to the life of those who've been falsely accused. Harsh punishment to anyone who makes false accusations
UR a sad image of a Senator
***Senator, in Lackawanna county we hope you support Mr. Trump.
Bullshit. This fit your preferred narrative so you jumped on it. The girl is liar and a criminal. You're virtue signaling coward
you're the problem. Spreading #fakenews.  Shame on you.
there are tons of false claims against Republicans.  Youre encouraging them.  Dems = #fakenews, manipulation, propaganda. #maga
It's called "CYA". Politicians do that. @JohnNew2015 @SenBobCasey
U R doing a very good job, keep up the good work HRC had 2.8 million more votes & should be POTUS. Hacking, Lies, fake news.
thank you being the kind of politician to admit a mistake *and* for standing up against hate crimes...
So a false hate crime is still legitimized? She should be prosecuted.
Why delete the tweet then and why no specifics in this tweet about false Muslim attack hate crimes by Trump supporters?
Maybe the Russians hacked @SenBobCasey twitter account, yes that's it!
Senator, enjoy your last term. PA went Red this election and will go Red against you. You Socialist Liberals are done!
did you write this yourself?  What a weak response.  #radicalislamicterrorism #antiamerican #fakenews
.@SenBobCasey "I'm sorry I was duped into maligning half the country by supporting an obvious hoax." There, that's not so hard, is it?
.@SenBobCasey You'd think a lawyer would know better than to rush to judgment before any vetting is done.
.@SenBobCasey This was an obvious hoax. You only believed it because of your blind hatred for the historic American nation.
<<<<< #idiot
you supported a hate crime hoax because you thought it would get you good press. Apologize!
False accusations of any crime should be punished exactly like the crime itself. That would cut way down on fake hate crimes.
Y don't you use common sense as this story seemed fake when NYPD first released it Don't jump 2ConclusionsWhenUdon'tHave facts
you love the fake news when it fits the left agenda - which is sick by the way
maybe you shouldn't jump to conclusions about your fellow Americans.
You got embarrassed because you jump to conclusions with zero evidence. It's really not that hard for most of us. @mitchellvii
Now you're worried?  After an entire group of people were hatefully smeared by a false report?  Choose a side, please.
Of the crimes that have been investigated, maybe one has been legit. The rest all hoaxes. Media spreading hate against Trump.
How's the fundraising going Bob?  https://www.termlimits.org/congress-fundraising-priority/ …
you are despicable.
Have you seen this? What is being done about it? https://thinkprogress.org/white-nationalists-target-jews-in-small-montana-town-71f3ed16d14b#.hchovvpak …
yes let's not forget the Hate directed at the innocent Americans the Fake news caused. Even @SenBobCasey jumped on hate wagon.
F
O
O
L
please resign. You're the problem. #draintheswamp
Maybe u should not have been so quick to jump on the Muslim train and waited for all the facts Bob.
She would probably be stoned to death in one of those Muslim majority ruled 7th century shit holes. @SenBobCasey
you dropped this ..
you are a tool, sir.
pathetic to say the least
Knee-jerking pols like you are the problem. When will you strongly come out against FAKE HATE crimes?
yes we must stand firm against hate crimes. Reporting a false hate crime should also be considered a hate crime.
These hate crime hoaxes about @realDonaldTrump supporters are leading to actual assaults against Trump supporters.U contributed
What's more troubling is the willingness of MSM to report on these false accusations as if they're undoubtedly true.
You want to make a difference?  SPLC is a leftist lying weapon pusg to remove tax emempt status. Search it out before you deny
your father would be ashamed of you
Your MSM comrades that are trying to silent so-called 'fake news' drooled all over this 'false' story.
Two words only for you: TERM LIMITS
maybe think a little before rushing to virtue-signal next time?
Then all law enforcement and yourself should be concerned for the electors that have been threatened by the left!
delete your account
Wish there was such concen for veterans care and suicides. Vets are citizens not uninvited immigrants and dubious refugees.

What about all the Islamic hate crimes? Seems they hate Jews, Christians, USA, Europe, Buddhists etc. Be honest about hate.
Do you disavow the actions of her Muslim father who shaved her head & eyebrows for being a degenerate & dating a Christian?
I hope he gave her a good spanking too
You sir are deplorable.  Wait to get the facts before you open your big mouth.
You went along with the implicit bias that white males would do this.
Troubling? Really? Try unlawful and encourages violence.
Stop spreading fake news, Bob.
umm, you spread fake news about a false hate crime because it fit your narrative..how about apologizing to Trump supporters...?
How can America have confidence in Senators like @SenBobCasey, who are so utterly gullible?

Why is this complete idiot in Congress?!?!?
you spread fake news and now you claim false accusations against Americans are only "troubling". Try illegal & immoral.
@Brendag38323989 @SenBobCasey Trump should sue their asses for libel
ur 1st inclination was to SMEAR TRUMP N US, RESIGN
I don't trust you
False reports are "troubling?" How about they are illegal and this liar deserves some jail time?
why do you support fake crimes?
nothing like calling the kettle black.
I back the BLUE!! BTW what charges is she facing for making a FALSE police report?
How about you go on the fake MSM news sights & make a NATIONAL apology to people that BELIEVE they are REAL NEWS.
stop it you fraud. Any man in your position SHOULD know to wait for the facts before publicly commenting. #Islamohoax
If you stand against hate than stop hating americans! #StopBSCommunism #AmericaFirst
An update exposing her guilt would have been fine, oh wait,, you protect libtard and muslim criminals. my bad.
Hate crimes? You're a lying Leftist. Your side is irredeemable.  The destruction of the West is at the heart of your ideology.
don't jump on the bandwagon so quickly Senator.  Also, do you have statement about electors being threatened?
If you were wise, you would know that Obama started propaganda 1st day + intimidated + threatened the press. Have much proof.
There have been more verifiable "hate crimes" against Trump supporters than by Trump supporters.

Perhaps you could learn to investigate a little more before endorsing something. IMO, ALL crimes are about hate.
U were quick to jump on the bandwagon Where's the outrage over her lies, that was $$$ & PD manpower wasted Not your narrative
just maybe elected officials should not jump to conclusions, AMERICANS first!  #MAGA #Banislam
Please stand up for democracy. Our children are counting on you.
so would that be "fake news"?
...a false report doesn't negate real ones, but does make it harder to report and investigate real hate crimes
Critical thinking?  If you had guts, you'd resign. 

But, we know the answer to that "if"...
Wouldn't you want to make sure it wasn't #fakenews Before you go making yourself look like an even Bigger fool?
um, I think we know the answer
PPl like you destroy lives when you give weight to untruths. That girl behind your deleted tweet is now POSTER CHILDforFAKENEWS
So why does media, politicians and civilians get SO MUCH publicity when many of the CLAIMS aren't proven or true.Destroys lives
What are love crimes?  Always wanted to ask that
Well it used to be 'being gay' but
called wait for the FACTS!! #fakenews
You should make an apology to your constituents for jumping the gun and making assumptions before the facts were all known.
I feel like this tweet is the same as saying "please don't falsely report rape" even tho that never really happens ever?
