.@SenBobCasey Well, we know who won't read it.
Thank you Senator Casey!
good God...give it up..#hillarylost it's time to move on and govern instead of crying cuz u lost! #moveon #getoverit #growup
#Pennsylvania likes being red...but sure go ahead
Give up, it's a waste of time like Jill Stein recounts.
It's over! Move on!
Pathetic! Seems like an investigation would be automatic if it was warranted. U Dems R exhausting.  Put your big boy pants on!
Another politician supporting #FakeNews
No hacking of votes via ballots or machines occurred. Thus u report false info! 
Lois Lerner did more to affect 2012 election than Putin - sour grapes Bobo &  where is Lerner now?  still on the dole i'm sure
are you doing that before or after your snuggy pajama coloring party?
Thank you! This is a huge concern. I don't want our country sold out. #russianhack #CiA #ElectoralCollege
@J0ann3 Why wasn't that done in October? Fast track the report for the #ElectoralCollege before Dec19th vote!!
u can blame McConnell for not addressing in Sept
Good old Obama declared in October there was no evidence.
Didn't Obama ask the senate to investigate and McConnell refused? He had intel.
Maybe this month, but in October he dismissed it as not true.
You are wrong. GOP blocked inquiry in Sept.
Thank you, Senator. Regardless of whether interference swayed the result, we must learn all we can & prevent this from happening ever again.
Thank you, sir.
Should have special commission by now! If this reaches into Trump campaign, they will soon have nuke codes! We were attacked!
what a waste of taxpayer money. Go hug a puppy or something useful
Wasting your time, Bob.
Thank you Senator for caring about fair democratic elections without foreign government interference regardless of candidates
knowlingly misleading headline - Podesta & DNC phished;  nothing released was ever refuted -didn't see u admonish corrupt DNC
@ungerbn103 Trump is clearly a Russian Sleeper Agent.The clues?can't speak proper English and has never spoken a word of truth
Nice start to your next campaign, because you aren't in the majority and all you can do is ask. Then you get turned down

yes very bureaucratic of u. Call for a special intelligence report to investigate something we already know
Thank you for looking into this important matter.  I'm glad that you are one of the politicians taking is seriously.
Congress needs To Demand a Special Prosecutor To Investigate The DOJ Which Doesn't Investigate Threats To Electors and More
Thank you, Senator.
thank you for fighting for your PA constituents and all Americans
this Russia hacking scandal needs full attn.  Too many high level US officials failed to warn of threat to let Trump  benefit.
How fast can we do this? Let's do it right away! Our Democracy can't wait.
guess you got my letter.
yes but what are you willing to do about it after the bad news comes back. It means nothing if no action follows
thank you!
I guess you aren't that confident in our system. Not surprised with the way PA is drowning in corruption
This is good. But what happens in the meantime? The investigation must be complete before ec meets, or we need a new election.
Yes! NO DELAY!
bout time Bob
Thank you for your efforts. We need more than a bi-partisan Senate review. We need a 9-11 equivalent process. #electors
thank you for looking in to this issue!
@Paragryn @PattyMurray Thanks for Investigation
Thank you!
@AndreaChalupa Thank you!   This needs to be a bipartisan investigation with full public disclosure.
Thank you Senator Casey! Please ask @SenToomey to join you.
Thank you, sir.
, yes, this is a start. However, we must also stop this inauguration in order to complete the investigation. @AndreaChalupa
.
Yes.
.
.
Fill out this form to stop the Transition of Power to #Traitor Trump 
.
.
http://www.democraticleader.gov/contact-us/ 
.
.
.
I knew my phone was being tapped forty years ago, no big deal, as could hear the clicks, imagine nowadays?
Thank you, does that include ordering a forensic audit of PA?
@lulu_lemew Thank you, sir. We need people with reason at this point.
hey senator, trump asked for, got and used espionage, stolen info, from russia, against @HillaryClinton to win. THATS TREASON.

thank you sir
As one of your constituents who called for this, thank you!
Fast. Before Jan. 20.
thank you for your leadership!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Casey. I hope you can persuade Sen. Toomey to join what should be a bipartisan effort.
Thank You!!!
Extent = Act of WAR
It's a #RussianCoup & #Putinspuppet to be installed
Forget the noise
Follow #Putin
NOW, PLEASE HURRY UP
Yes investigate Russia, Also how your own party sabotaged @SenSanders in the primaries with its own election tampering/fraud.
PROUD to have you as me and my family's Senator!! PLEASE please keep us SAFE
Thank you for standing up!
Thank you. Too bad @SenToomey is such a #trumplapdog
Thank you. Lets not let it become a circus
Thank you, Mr. Casey.
thanks!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you Senator. I appreciate your efforts to defend our Constitution from enemies both foreign and domestic
Thank you Senator Casey. You always do the right thing for us here in Pennsylvania.  We need you fighting for us all.
Thank you!!!
thank you!!!!
Thank you Senator Casey (from one of your constituents in Pittsburgh)
What's up with the old-timey picture of the Justice Department?
.@SenBobCasey
.@Morning_Joe @morningmika @DanaRohrabacher WAR! WHAT IS IT GOOD FOR?! ABSOLUTELY NOTHING! http://www.liberalforum.org/index.php?/topic/203129-consequences-of-ceo-rex-tillerson-as-secretary-of-state/?p=1059688383 … https://youtu.be/dpWmlRNfLck  
