Trump has pledged to be a President for all Americans; placing this individual in a position of such significant power undermines that claim
Stephen Bannon is someone who has demonstrated disregard for common decency and values that all Americans should share.
I would urge President-elect Trump to reconsider.
Thanks for speaking out!
Too bad
I hope he has
Thank you for your leadership Sen Casey! Please continue to speak out against acts that empower racists. #NoBannon #StopBannon
Why haven't you called for this unfit conman to step down? His pledges mean less than nothing. We inaugurate him at our peril.
Elections have consequences, you lost. You do not get to decide who will be in his cabinet. We weren't happy @ValerirJarret
Thank you, Senator Casey! Please remain vocal about this. You're speaking for me as well.
thank you. If only we could get @SenToomey to agree.
Thanks Senator.  What actions do you intend to take in response to this irresponsible decision?
As a citizen of PA   I thank you for your concern abt Bannon being in the White House. We all should be worried.
Thank you! I contacted you today and spoke to your staff member, Noelle, to ask that you vehemently continue to oppose Bannon.
Thank you for standing up to Bannon. It saddens me the same cannot be said for @PatToomey. #IWillNotBeSilent
Please don't support ANY member of Congress or former primary spokesperson for DNC Chair!
No to Dean, Ellison, Gabbard, et al
I am deeply troubled you used to be prolife.
thank you, senator, for speaking up about this. I urge you to encourage your colleagues to speak up as well.
thank you for standing up for me and my family
Mr Casey Please stop belly aching. You lost we won get over it. To call this Patriot anything but  true American is unjustified
Please, Senator Casey, we need you to be strong against this frightening coming administration.
any suggestions for us?
I'm deeply troubled that you've been in office for too long
You had no problem letting the American people be troubled by Obamas far left liberal picks.
@PattiFink Thank you for speaking up
what can be done? Has the GOP collectively decided that hate is a virtue? Party of Lincoln indeed. #TrumpisTerrible #nomorehate
thank you Senator Casey! Proud to have you representing our state.
thank you, senator. I'm proud that you represent me.
why exactly?  Why is there all this criticism of Trump but none for your corrupt candidate?  Even after Wikileaks...nothing.
Obama had Jarrett,obamacare,and the state department side show that left the whole world burning and you worry about Bannon?
we've been troubled for the last 8yrs,get over it,we're taking back our country,everything will be great again
who are you taking it back from and it everybody country why this claim as if you own it personally? Im confused
back from progressive libs that have destroyed our health insurance,left the whole world burning,can go on & on,our republic
y hate on progressive liberals? The world moving to be more progressive, & everybody  insurance is different depending on your job
right, but this notion that being progressive is wrong, why do you feel this way? I just don't understand your reasoning? do tell
progressive part is progression to socialism,name a socialist country that has helped their citizens,just death & destruction
u do know social security, social programs are a part of socialism...we are the only country that doesn't have a universal HCare
reason why we are the best place is freedom & capitalism,strong private economy lets us afford to care for those needing help
No one protesting re Trump bulldozing system? DT children want top security access, creating policies, no blind trust invoked?
Thank you.
I'm troubled about the whole Trump thing!!   Are we sure the Russians didn't interfere with our voting process??
Thank you, Senator Casey. I'm proud to be one of your constituents. Please keep standing up for us.
@Editright You're not alone. #stopbannon
so what are we going to do about it?
He must have something really good on you. NEWSFLASH: Americans voted for change. And YOU aren't part of it.
Just so you are fully aware, we the people will NOT stand for Bannon in the WH. Nor will we stand for Trump's kids there.
girl same
Worried about the shake up coming I see Senator
Deeply troubled? This country is being handed to the Nazi because Dems have no spine to fight. Stand up and fight them!
Thank you Senator Casey.
you're father had guts, while I didn't agree with his cause I had respect. Follow in his footsteps instead of a pithy tweet.

.@SenBobCasey thank you for speaking out against racism, intolerance and hate. Now how do we keep #Bannon out of the White House?
Yes. Thank you. Now what? How can we support you and your colleagues who feel the same?
this is not how a president elect brings people together. Confirming fear from our minorities. I'm  retired plan to March too
Thank you for helping raise alarm. I hope your colleagues join you.
Get over it. We were very deeply troubled by Valerie Jarrett & a drama grad writing the Iran policy & Benghazi talking points.
Let's just standby and allow our country to be taken over by the hate mongers like Trump and Bannon.
Thank you!
Thank you for speaking out!
Thank you for speaking out--this is an important issue and your constituents appreciate your courage.
senator you and other senators are the ones who can do something. Do it then
@vickscan not only that the conflict of interest with his businesses, his foreign debt etc....
I am deeply troubled that President-elect Trump has appointed Stephen Bannon as his chief strategist and senior counselor.
now you need to do more then tweet about it.  And I'll help. Whatever you need.
you and anyone with a soul
also worried that Toomey was reelected
everyone should be.
We're deeply troubled by you. You may find yourself voted out next time you're up.
@SenatorCantwell @cathymcmorris @PattyMurray We're waiting to hear your equally strong repudiation of Bannon's apptmnt.
Thanks for speaking out Bob!
Agree. He should be nowhere near the White House.
Well I was deeply troubled by BHO having an Iranian Commie Senior Advisor, a Commie Green Czar + 6 Muslim Brotherhood members in his Admn so
Please don't just show your displeasure on Twitter. Engage with other lawmakers to ensure Americans are safe.
@aaronecarroll I am more troubled by the fact that Bannon will have top secret clearance and/or that Trump will tell him all.
you préfère Soros?
@PADems @JoeDidonato5 That's too bad Senator. These are the things you have to deal with when your side loses an election. MAGA
Please let the other senators know that something must be done to stop this from happening #StopBannon 2/2
As a United States citizen I, too, am deeply concerned of idea of having Stephen Bannon as Trump's chief strategist 1/2
not me.  I'm ecstatic!
Guess what?
"Deeply troubled" doesn't STOP him.

@allanbrauer
THANK YOU!
Putin sure backed the right candidate if his goal was to divide America.  #NotMyPresident
@evapaterson Thank you, Senator. There needs 2 much more & louder Dem leadership push back.
it concerns me too!
didn't hear you call out Obama for appointment of race-baiter Van Jones or lying Susan Rice; hypocrite
Did you worry abt Valerie Jarrett? Rahm Emanuel? Van Jones?
Thank you Senator Casey!
I suspect Stephen Bannon isn't untroubled either.
You aren't alone.
@PADems troubled is too weak a term. You should be out raged
Senator, I would encourage you also to examine the possible appointment of Keith Ellison to DNC chair with equal zeal.
your always troubled, what else is new ??
@SuckMyLEFTJuan wake the hell up
thank you. I hope more elected officials speak out!
Please talk to Toomey and try to get him to help keep Trump in line and end the hate speech. Dems and Rep need to work together
Thank you for speaking out on this, sir.
with due respect, you have concern about what MIGHT happen due to an appt by Pres.Elect.  Rioting IS happening. And no word?
as we all are!
Stay vigilant.
@KHShan Just GO along with the talking points Bob, that's all you've done for 8 years anyway. No independent thought from uever
"Bannon had made Breitbart News a home for reactionary & intolerant beliefs."  
@realDonaldTrump @SenToomey
@KHShan Who r u???
He's a very FECKLESS senator. @SenBobCasey @KHShan
how about the fact that he's going to give his kids top security clearance while they run the business!
I second this .
As a Pa'er and a supporter, Bob..Have you seen or read The Dworkin Report? Is there anything that can be done?
Thank you, Senator Casey. Now what can we do to help you stop this madness?
Do you have any form of Degree in Political Science. If not shut up please.
Agree.
