thank you!  You have support from Doylestown 18902!
@patcgeorges Might have paved the way for a bigger one we are in $20 trill in debt.
We're going to be in greater debt when Trump gives 1% their tax cut. Another war on credit card & we're done.
Thank God ACA is saved. Acts 4:32-37: Early Christians held everything in common provided for poor, sick & needy.
The time of the early Christian everybody work. They did not have Welfare.
I seem to recall in the bible, Jesus telling us to help the poor and sick. I could be wrong, though. Anyone?
Yes, that is what the parable of Lazerus & the rich man was about. Only #fakechristians say otherwise.
.@SenBobCasey When will investigations begin about Trump conflicts of interest? @SenSchumer @RepBrianFitz @timkaine @SenWarren @tedlieu
to bad our other Senator didn't showed up to his
And we continue with the Obamacare disaster.
KEEP FIGHTING FOR THE NOT RICH!!! make America Fair.
Thank u 4 all ur tireless work Senator Casey! PA folks r full of gratitude 4 u! 
Thank You Senator Casey!  You are making a true difference on behalf of PA and I appreciate you very much!
Will you schedule town halls in areas Hillary called: deplorable & racist? How about in areas she made anti Catholic comments?
Thank you, Casey! Looking forward to your next town hall!
support your senator! Especially when they support us.,offer solutions
I ALWAYS do, but I just moved to Philly & registered here so I _just_ followed Casey! New state, new senator!
in #texas allies @RepGeneGreen @RepVeasey @RepEBJ @JacksonLeeTX18 #Cruz and #corryn they don't care about us #mj
Thx for nixing TrumpNoCare
what townhall you have never had one in my area?
So, the question still remains, bob...who will save us from the true disaster of #obamacare created by partisan hacks like u?
@tmmckinney777 good work, Bob!
Thank you Sen. Casey for standing up for Pennsylvanians and defeating a horrendous bill.
Obamacare will be repealed and replaced by a better healthcare that Paul Ryan didn't create.
Vote for all of elected officials forced onto Obamacare. Maybe then you will understand the high premiums and deductibles.
What are you going to do about our $1100/month and $9000 deductible?  I can't even use something you are making me pay for.
No Bob, EVERYTHING the government does is a disaster.
Thank you for standing for the people.
I disagree
Democrats sat quietly and watched GOP factions fight to stalemate
@wbrewyou. NOT JUST US..WE NEEDED YOU TO MAKE THE STAND-YOU DID!  THANK YOU SO MUCH. WE LOVE YOU!  YOUR DAD IS PROUD.
Now if we could have as much dedication to the pharmaceutical industry and the cash they use to influence, that'd be awesome
wouldn't it B nice if R representatives had the courage 2 do the right thing on their own! GET MONEY OUT OF POLITICS! Work 4 us
Well Bob When OBAMACARE IMPLODES YOUR LOCAL ECONOMY THEN WHAT????? You Going To Pay Your Voters Health Care COSTS????
they were to pay 4 people who use insurance under O boo hu care. Give us sociallist medical care. Like politicians
u sent health care on down hill spiral. Young people don't have to buy insurance they r covered untill 26.
Please do all you can to keep Gorsuch off the SCOTUS. If the Republicans invoke the nuclear option, so be it. Remember Garland.
Now it's imperative to protect ACA , restore mandates or its doomed!
return its funding also
I call and leave thank you messages for you and others, including your Repub counterparts who are doing the right thing. thanks
BS
I'm glad I don't have to depend on Obamashit. Bob 2018 is coming.
You are so ancient.
Harrisburg deserves an open forum town hall instead of vetted one in small tv studio. Democracy is organic not controlled.
Thanks to the Freedom Caucus. Get the Illegals out...maybe then the 50% of us paying taxes can afford singlepayer for all #MAGA
smart move. Bad bill. It imploded. Smarter minds prevailed.
@trump_newsdaily the tea naggers prevented the bill. GOP greed
Can't wait to meet with you in Pittsburgh, April 9th! #TownHall
You're a lot better than Toomey. Thanks for your service.
Yes! We will continue to #resist and will support you in 18. Thank you for your courage and leadership 17110
@joshtpm Thank you for your support Senator. Expect a donation from CA shortly.
My next question  @SenBobCasey @joshtpm is how do we spotlight & prevent Ryan & Reps from harming US by trying to destroy rather tha fix ACA
Now work in a bipartisan way to fix ACA for all Americans. Win for everyone. Everyone is a hero! #fixACA
ok so now back Single Payer Healthcare!
@StanLeeGee Keep fighting!! This is far from over. Repubs still in play to kill it by removing funds!!
@Lily_v_Shtupp Thank you Senator, i probably emailed you about 200 times about the ACA lol
That's funny, rinos not going far enough prevented trumpcare. Dems are spectators.
Freedom Caucus was very organized & prevented another poorly thought out health insurance bill from being rammed through.
The next battle @SenBobCasey is to pause the Gorsuch vote until #Trumprussia  investigation completed. @DavidYankovich
I was at that Town Hall, thank you for hosting!  Wish my other PA Reps were as accessible.  Thanks for being a leader!
@DavidYankovich And the GOP reps who said today the American ppl want a repeal, they are lying. We want improvements not less.
@DavidYankovich @IndivisibleMrCo stands with you!
Next? Putin-Trump Electioneering=INDEPENDENT investigation wanted by 63% of US. #tillerson #sessions #Flynn #Kushner UNDER OATH
@fangpusskins tysm senator casey we the people gave it all we got! #resist
@DavidYankovich KEEP UP GOOD WORK! I'm sure there's more garbage coming... we need you!
@DavidYankovich  THANK YOU
I believe your county-by-county rundown of the damage #Trumpcare would have done helped change minds. Onward, sir!
you wouldn't know a disaster if a #tick bit you on your ***
thank you for being a voice of reason and compassion for PA on the federal level
No today we saw the American people lose again while you and your buddies on the right and left go on having us pay ur way.
Yeah, those Republicans in the House, voting on principle didn't have anything to do with it.
@HamfanPa Thank you Senator! 
town hall fake audience.. pre written questions.  Smoke n mirrors so not work.
since your Obamacare still is law, I want my policy & dr that Obamacare made me drop & I want the savings YOU promised
Washington is a mess right now, not many things to be happy about. But certainly proud @SenBobCasey is our Sr Senator 
Damn right!!
what u saw was @freedomcaucus standing up for whats right
WE WERE HEARD!!!
wait till OCare collapses. I can't wait:).Now to dig into IC to see what they have on who.no more IC control #COS #termlimits.
yes! Representatives were tweeting their total phone call numbers, how many for and against
You must be kidding. My premiums are through the roof.  Thanks for caring!!!!
..Please respect those of us who believe the Individual Mandate removes the fundamental right NOT to contract.
Mr. Senator think back to your father and his principled stand on abortion. I respected that. Please understand those of us..
we're behind you Bob thank you keep up the good work
@dawnmichele It's really good to hear that we helped. #Resist
asking for more rioters, feeding fuel for the fire typical dem.

@hodgman thank you!  Now. No Gorsuch.
Trumpcare is a "train wreck" 
@AnaLunita7 Thank you Senator for being the side of the people.
, yes, good work, but careful about claiming victory. @GOP can still do damage to #ACA. Keep up the fight!
I'm afraid of that too.
@hodgman Please work to appoint an independent commission to investigate Trump/Russia and block Gorsuch.
Thank You Senator for helping to protect our health and listening to your constituents.
@damonbethea1 much respect to you Senator Casey.
Thank you Sen Casey. I was there.  But now, we have to keep Gorsuch off the court. This is exhausting.
@hodgman Now how about helping ACA participants by adding a #publicoption (Probably too much to hope for #MedicareForAll )
AFTER MID-TERMS WHEN WE GET MORE REPS IN THE HOUSE/SENATE - FLIP COLORADO, DEFEAT GARDNER.
Thank you Senator Casey!
Thank you for representing us so well Senator Casey. You do an amazing job and are so appreciated. Keep fighting.
And many thanks for your strong voice and leadership Senator Casey!
tell the coward Toomey, neener, neener.
thanks for the standing up
no. No. No. All u did is sit back , resist , cry. Then blow smoke when republicans pulled the bill, to fix it, then vote on it.
Thank you Senator. Great work.
time to work to make the ACA work for Americans, not fail!
thanks for your support!
there are a few people from the elderly housing next door outside cheering and crying, i'm doing it here at my desk SO grateful
can the Dems offer to repair ACA where needed? The Dems would be heroes!
thank you for your hard work Sen. Casey
Really?  You're for big government and not the people and it's so obvious!
big fear now - will the gop collapse the bill entirely and leave us with nothing? then start over when they get around to it?
thank you Senator Bob Casey for being a respectable human being unlike @SpeakerRyan & @POTUS. Your a great man.
Look at that @SenToomey! If you held a town hall, you'd learn stuff like this too!
ACA still has big problems and they need to be fixed. @GOP is talking about letting ACA "collapse" but fix each problem
thank you.
do u care at all about the havoc the ACA has wrecked on PA? Do u care that we have 1 insurer in Bucks county?Seems u don't.

This is what democracy looks like!
we did. These town halls will be packed over the recess
Onto 2018 and 2020.
HURRAY HURRAY HURRAY.
thank you, Senator
Thank you!!!
thank you sooooo much Senator. We're blessed to have you fighting for us
Thank you, Senator, for raising your voice for us!
