Iowa wanted to fix its health insurance marketplace. Trump found out and personally said no. By @Eilperin http://wapo.st/2xXYqFw?tid=ss_tw&utm_term=.9266c7a9d8c4 …
Trump is personally stepping in to increase the cost of health coverage for all...THAT INCLUDES YOU TRUMP SUPPORTERS!
Wrong. Natural competition will bring deductible and premium down. Now there is a gov sponsored monopoly. They charge as much as possible.
Really? You should tell that to the dozens of countries with socialized medicine that have better outcomes, for less money. #fascinating
Which ones exactly? Canada? With its 40+ % tax rate? Yeah, I’ll pass.
What part of better outcomes FOR LESS MONEY did you not understand???
What part of EXAMPLE did you not understand?
I won't contribute to your lazy low-effort thought process, so look em up yourself. Start with the one you already mentioned.
Then subtract what you are already paying in HC premiums and 40% will look like a pretty good deal.
For spite. For malicious, vindictive spite. Simply because he can. Rules by ukase
Not for spite. Because all my family medical expenses went up because I have to provide for my neighbor thru taxes and hi deductible 
The cost of healthcare ( not speaking of insurance) will skyrocket when the care of uninsured must be covered by the rest of us.
My healthcare costs right now are over $5000 annually. Before I just had a copay. This is just for blood work and routine visits.
How much will your costs drop if we drop preexisting?
For me a lot as I don’t have pre-existing.
Then why aren't you protesting CAR ins. = SAME F'IN THING. Or TAXES ALTOGETHER, since I'm SURE there's something in 'em you don't like, Bill
Currently I do have to pay for insurance for people that don’t need it. Healthy twenty somethings that haven’t been to a doctor in years.
Trump will kill our healthcare for a win. Any win. People and lives be damned. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Time for you to go away!!
Hi Base. How do you like him now?
Love him. This will bring my deductible down and make my premium cheaper thru natural competition. I guess you don’t understand monopoly?
Sure is! Call "it" out!
My healthcare sucks. I work hard and pay taxes. It’s not a right. My taxes and deductible went up. Anything would be better.
Our healthcare sucks. When are you going to help fix it. You don't care, you got the best there is and I pay for it while Obama care sucks
Democrats didn’t care about health care costs and a failing plan doesn’t have to be sabotaged the Dems did that already by not compromising
Wrong! It’s doing everything it can to destroy our way of life. To make the unacceptable acceptable behavior.
This admin is doing everything to sabotage our country.  #fixeditforyou.

Start using social media smartly like the Trump people did to win! Target your campaigns!
Bob Casey you couldn't be more correct please shout it from the rooftops get rid  of Putin's puppets who R occupying our sacred institutions
Bad health equals more "rounds" of trouble---remember Vegas, Orlando, schools, churches, McDonalds, etc???
This is an intentional dereliction of duty and he is intentionally hurting Americans. This is an impeachable offense. Get him out, now!
Impeachable offense.  Bastard.
No senator it is with you and congress who do not care a lick about the American citizens leading the charge of do nothing blame others.
Is there a point where this becomes criminal? Where personal liability kicks in?
Anything OBAMA doing is TARGET not just for #TRUMP but some UN-PATRIOT, Crooked LIARS GOP members.
Socialism is not patriotic
I cant afford aca and you are stuck to your party line politics
Too late! Your crummy ACA has already sabotaged us with high premiums, and low coverage.
Evil and cruel playing with people's lives.
Trump is leading the charge to get rid of a bad ACA law that was pushed through by you Democrats without knowing what was in it.
Trump should be impeached for sabotaging our health care !  This is unconstitutional !!! #45AmericasWorstEnemy
People don’t matter to DJT. Only dismantling Obama’s accomplishments & getting a good report card do. The man has psych issues.
@SenateDems @realDonaldTrump @laurahelmuth @eilperin So what are Democrats doing to stop him? We know Trump is a MORON! Cowards
@laurahelmuth @eilperin @washingtonpost All PDJT is doing is fixing mess BO made! Face it, huge mess!
What a stupid thing to say.
You are SO wrong!!!!!REPEAL!!!!!
Thank you @SenBobCasey for fighting for us and calling out our so called @potus
@GOP Has no problem regulating women's healthcare rights. What about some regulations on GUNS?
Heartless, humiliating our country, si dumb doesn't even knw what island's are US territory, disrespectful to the maximum,
Bend a little on both sides for us, your constituents. Trump-Obama Healthcare or United Congressional Healthcare?
Anyone that thinks trump is ok is just as sick in head as him, ck yourself, he belongs in the Nut Hse not WH, most discusting potus,
Ocare stunk from the get go illegally funded & on a downhill spiral hell a factor 2 some your bs/obstruction ensures 2018 & 2020 victories
Well you that work for americans need to get trump and the crazies out of DC they belong in nut hse ir prison US Citizens are sick of it
Sen. Casey, we need you to stand strong against the Heartless DJT Administration.  If there is a wrong path, that is the one he chooses.
As well as sabotage our country to serve his personal agenda and bank account!
Why aren't Democrats making this a huge issue--instead of piecemeal comments on social media and cable?  This requires a huge media strategy
Your description is too kind. They are harming people!!
If Trump stepped in and denied Iowa's right to fix their healthcare then Trump does not believe in states rights.
U PPL R idiots if U think OBAMACARE's a great thing. It has TOTALLY destroyed health care in this Nation. Govt. must GET OUT of HEALTH CARE!
What can we, the average people, do to change this?
Senator Bob Casey you can't complain you had opportunity to work with Republicans and bring us health care so you own the omamacare mess
DJT is sabotaging our NATION. Our enemies delight in our self destruction , he’s alienating our allies. We’ve lost our credibility.
You know @SenBobCasey #Pennsylvania did NOTHING for #lymedisease  and continue to do nothing. What is this one pill and you are cured?
You are NOT cured. The citizens of this state continue to get Lyme disease because they are uneducated about the seriousness of this disease
This ( non) administration is SABOTAGING AMERICA. DJT has sown hatred, invites racism, & thrives or division, confusion & chair. Destructive
( that was CHAOS)
He. Does. Not. Care.  He will people die to prove a point.  Even if I'd the catalyst and cause of the problem. Cruel evil man
REPEAL AND REPLACE OBAMA SH****T CARE.
Please Help,the more exposure & information of truth about what T & R's are doing the better, If U dont make a BIG DEAL they will STARVE ACA
@realDonaldTrump your job is to keep Americans safe - removing healthcare will result in many of us dying. You're not doing your job.
What are you smoking Senator Casey?... STOP with the fake news!! There's too much fake news flowing around already! @POTUS @VP
Senator where do YOU stand on #MedicareForAll ? Your constituents would like to know...
This should not be happening!
clearly obvious this man obstructs everything he does class action suit  for denying access to HC  Medical bill should count as damages imo
And why are you doing absolutely NOTHING to stop him?????
Hey in case you didn't hear @POTUS was elected to repeal & replace Obamacare. We didn't save $2500, couldn't keep ur DR. or Insurance.
Fuck Trump. Fix the healthcare system and move on. End Trump’s continued personal attacks on average Americans.
We need the PUBLIC OPTION!
Wow! With all due respect to you both. Please repeal & replace because it’s what’s best for the American people but don’t strong arm! #MAGA
How can he do that ? I thought we have checks & balances that won't let a moron like Donal Trump destroy everything.
Obviously, you are the moron!
No moron obama already did that.
GO TRUMP GO!
Lock him up . . . The Affordable Care Act is the law of the land. Being president is not a smorgasbord where he gets to pick and choose.
Checking facts on Casey's post.
Cut me a break Casey. What health care do u want. U all fight against anything the president wants that betters this country. Traitor u r
Can he do that?  @realDonaldTrump how dare you!!
This tells you that @GOP cares nothing about humanity or morality
Stupid… And sadly for you there is no cure for stupid!
Why is he allowed to do this ?
What health care system?  The joke called ACA.  Btw.  R u and colleagues part of ACA or r u exempt?
morons take health insurance from those who need it.  @realDonaldTrump
How can it possibly be legal for him to do this? Why are you guys all talking instead of holding him accountable? FIRE THE SON OF A BITCH
Old news. Obama & the Dems did that already. A job well done by King O & his jesters I might add! Health insurance does not equal healthcare
Trumps motive is to ruin president Obama's legacy We are just collateral damage to him
His only agenda is to roll back President Obama’s efforts.  I don’t know how you work in the same building with the GOP?
I can’t wait to have you voted out!!!
That’s not how government works.
Run for Pres in 2020
That what happen when one party pushes it down people  throat
How is this not against his Oath of Office? ACA is law, he swore to uphold law.
Trump really looks at women as expendable and subject to men's dictates.  Bad for the US. Trump should resign. He is dangerous to all of us.
@realDonaldTrump Republican women in red states use reproductive health products just as much as all other women.
Isn't this contrary to his oath of office?  He's not upholding the laws of the land. Last I looked, ACA still a law.
False "Obama Care" has already done that. Stop lying. I know u guy. Do not know truth from fiction, but you start telling the truth. #MAGA
The King Bigot is doing what comes naturally.... Erasing everything the Black President accomplished.  His minions...congressional lemmings!
Because under his plan we will all be incarcerated and taken care of making record profits!
Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar. Liar.
You did that already w/ACA! And ACA is a pile of crap!
No Sen. Casey, it's sabotage of whatever Obama did.
Trump didn't get his way on the horrific Repub healthcare bill so now he must punish people.  That's who he is.
@dnc doesn't get it, neocons are turning our world into a slave planet, so they can steal all the wealth for themselves @freespeechtv
Obama administration sabotaged the  heath care system! Look at how the mandatory buy in has risen costs!
Actually he is fixing it with good ol capitalism, heard of that?
Hes a moron   id be glad to tell him that
Obamacare made a mess now please help fix it
I've been asking my senators if the gov will send condolences along with gov issued cyanide tabs in place of insurance but they don't answer
2018..2018..2018
Violating his oath & sabotaging the ACA. He's awful.
Good, because Obamacare sucks. I'm going to have to Pay a penalty this year because I can't afford then premium
No need to pay the penalty. Only enforcement IRS has is taking it from any return you have due. Change your withholding and they cant get it
Tell republicans to stop playing games with our healthcarethis is criminal and cruel. The most vengeful congress & potus in modern history
How does the president have the power to tell a state no?
Lies again!
SORRY BUT SABOTAGE WAS WHAT U DID WITH ODUMBO CARE WHICH WAS MADE 2 FAIL &REPLACE WITH SINGLE PAYER
The evilness that exists in America doesn't surprise me. I expect to wake up 1 morning 2 learn the crazy POTUS has nukes half of the world.
Me right now:
Its not a health care system. Its an insurance scam, and the Dems created that.
The people who want to sabotage ACA & women health are the same people who want to sabotage voting & civil rights for Black & Brown peoples.
Senator Bob - you had better do your homework before re-tweeting.
Then he is no longer discharging the duties of his office. THAT among too many other things means we need a hard look at the 25th Amendment.
That's because your healthcare system is crap
You should know what sabotage is because you caused it when YOU VOTED for Obamacare Senator.
And yet you back pedaled on single payer?
Whatever happened to swearing to serve and protect ? Impeach!
Need to ask SHS today at WH pressor. Why would T do this? He wants to help US keep and get healthcare
Republicans killing fellow Americans for $$$ & power.
WH & Admin are sabotaging anything & everything from the inside out. All this b.s. is to appease Koch bros, CNP members & Evangelical ISIS!
Sabotaging healthcare is just unfortunate collateral damage due to trump's only motivation to be president - erase Obama's legacy. #trump
It's McConnell. Leader of the Religious Rt's creation of their AryanNation.
We have a senator stating the truth that his elected colleagues are intentionally sabotaging HC in the US. Why are you voting them in office
It's not just the healthcare system, it's everything we have and fought so hard for.
That is the goal.  The only thing that can be done is get the Republicans out of office FOREVER.
Once we get the gerrymandered districts redrawn, the electoral map will be swamped with blue. 
#TheResistance
What! Can anyone say Authoritarianism! Dictatorship! Ruler! King! Emperor! Are we watching the death of our democracy?
Bot
Easy fix: put forward the solutions in Congress to enact requirements as codified law.
What are you guys going to do to stop him?
New word “sabotage”. 
@laurahelmuth @eilperin Resist His Agenda
Criminal! As SCOTUS, he is supposed to uphold and enforce the laws of the land!

This is still a law of the land!
But is he as good a saboteur as president Barry?
@realDonaldTrump is #UNfit to lead our Nation! Mass Destruction in just a short 9 mos... and will continue until unless he's stopped!!

#Trump is a narcissistic buffoon and can't stand to admit that President Obama was actually working to #MAGA.
How is undermining the law of the land--upheld by the SC--not an impeachable offense? Trump is actively screwing over Americans.
....Says the second amendment
Why isn't @ChuckGrassley outraged about this?  Why isn't he sticking up for Iowa?
Senator, that's what they voted for him to do.
Can you really sabotage something that is broken, one sided, and fails to work correctly?
In the mind of a liberal politician you sure can
