you have nothing good to say about this administration or anybody in it. Try healing our nation. Look for something good to say
a man who loves america and has sacrificed a lot to help us.
pres sacrificed his privacy, time with family, grandchildren. Man keeping promises to nation. Loves our country.
Cheeto has sacrificed NOTHING!
Please vote against Pruitt he will set us back many years why not work on solar energy like the rest of the world Not coal
@stetayen Bob Casey you are the man! Thanks for standing up for all of us.
I've never been so glad to have representation by anyone like I do with @SenBobCasey right now!
please vote no on Pruitt. Thank you for standing up for what is right.
one person does not protect the environment. Climate Change is a fraud.
bullshit; the EPA is an out of control non elected organization
@SenToomey Mr. Toomey - vote no on Pruitt
i also will fight 4 our water,air,oceans,earth. People b4 Profits
#NoCasey2018
You said it.  Vote him down.
We're tired of Trumpophobia, and the Trumpophobic media that's spreading lies, hate and fear about President Trump !
And you are against American's in state jobs. Why don't you admit about PA state workers losing jobs to immigrants.
@Kmr0525Ryan talk is cheap senator.  To quote Elvis "a little less conversation, a little more action ."  Do something!!
Rick Saccone 2018
Couldn't think of a worse person to be nominated.  Thank you for standing up for us.
@SesameTweet3 Agreed, build consensus and block this destroyer of the Environment . He must not be confirmed
Work on that Bob and the Putin-Trump connection too...we need to know.
all you need to know is you lost. Period. We put up with 8 yrs of destruction. Now sit down and shut up.
, I think we all need to watch An Inconvenient Truth. A live streaming on CSPAN!!
today's vote needs to be delayed, until you have all the information...please save our environment. Country is afraid 
Your version of protecting the American environment means killing American jobs is acceptable.
Please resist Scott Pruitt. He can't be trusted to protect our environment.
Way to spout the Dimms party line Senator Bob.
That's why President Bannon choe him. Please vote no.
vote no
Stay strong! I hear it is all night. Pruitt emails are coming... NO Pruitt.
Rally the troops Senator Casey!  We cannot allow our Pennsylvania forests, gamelands, and rivers to be harmed!
.@SenBobCasey @PennEnvironment I'm mindblown. Corruption to its core.
you need to be voted out of office
ever read the book "the seven really inconvenient truths"? It's great read and insightful.
Keep fighting. You will be supported in '18. Proud PA constituent!
I think @realDonaldTrump is confused about how government works. Like, we're a rationalist society, m'kay? Pay attention.
Sir, Pruitt's nomination is abhorrent. How can anyone think he is a good idea to lead an agency he wants dismantled?
Thank you Senator Casey for your No vote.
Thank you for your commitment to defeating him.
thanks for standing up for your constituents. NO to Pruitt. NO to Gorsuch.
this is great news. Please continue to oppose the harm being caused by the new administration, thanks you. #impeach45 #resist
He's definitely in favor of protecting the environment.  But I've come to accept that you don't know how to be bipartisan.
how can any senator confirm him? What is wrong with the Republicans? Despicables
He's against doing it YOUR WAY of doing it.
Which, going on his record, appears to be "any way at all"
stand tall.  And thanks for your service.
what actions can we take now to Protect PA and the environment from Pruitt? #Resist #ResistTrump
and Congress wants to abolish the EPA
The world has gone mad.

Seems to be a new pattern. Hate an agency/ head an agency.
Thank you Senator Casey!
@LitAgentMarini 

Tell @Sen_JoeManchin that!
Repeatedly.
olo... i love it. epa is gonna get rolled back to a stump
shut government down until #russianconnection investigated
that's an outright lie & you know it,to make a statement like that shows you don't deserve reelection,term limits 2018 for you
This is just incredibly immoral & GOP need to remember that Trump's audience is only 40% of Americans!
any GOP senators considering voting against him?
Senator Casey, thank you for standing up for what is right.
@VernBuchanan @marcorubio @GOP Pruitt nomination sad news for our country.  Wake up congress, the people need your support!
https://fas.org/sgp/crs/misc/R43455.pdf …, http://www.denverpost.com/2016/10/12/gold-king-mine-epa-employee-will-not-prosecute/ …, http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/apr/13/epa-mccarthy-subpoenaed-testify-gold-king-spill/ …, Because the last admin. did a bang up job.
@oldmanjust1 Congress Voting today to kill endangered creatures.!
Thank you for recognizing this. How we protect our environment is important to the future of our planet and future.
I hope he chucks a gum- wrapper on the senate office building steps
I live in Oklahoma and agree with you 100%
Great choice- Trump leading the way. Play time is over for Obstructionist Dems. Won't hold back good jobs anymore
Have already called Sen Toomey to urge him to cast a NO vote. Not holding my breath. As always, thank you.
we must oppose this nomination, he is a terrible choice.
I support your vote against him from here in 98368.
We must NOT return to the days of Saltville, Virginia!  Corporations DO NOT regulate themselves.
Vote NO!
That's the point, Trumps administration doesn't want to protect the environment, just their business interests. Scary times.
you must #resist
he sounds to be as qualified in this position as the rest of the administration is in their's. Winning Trump team.?!
Ya Casey. I bet he's got toxic waste in his back yard he's just been waiting to smear on children like a Capt Planet villain.
Can you please pull @SenToomey aside and have a serious talk w him?
