Now that white, heterosexual Republican people have been mowed down by a heavily armed gunman, will they start thinking about #guncontrol?
And disgrace them like we did the Sandy hook victims, and victims of all other shootings, by doing nothing at all. Feckless, cowardly...
It hasn't sunk in yet. It's not easy dealing with that type of horror. I can't process it yet. Yes, honor and prayers.
Even when we catch we let them go
Best way 2 honor - passing meaningful gun violence legislation...DO IT NOW!
Do you mean like this?
I've never heard Mr. Murphy give an impassioned speech on the Senate floor on the gun deaths in Chicago of blacks. Must be racist.
You forgot "Exploit them for personal gains."
This administration encourages this horrific behavior.  People don't feel any security in this country anymore.
We must honor them with common sense gun legislation. We can start by banning after market modifications to semi-automatic rifles.
Even when we catch them we let them go
Do u think most Republicans give a damn? As long as they get their daily bread from the NRA, their answer will remain "now is not the time."
Are all the INJURED able to afford all the care they need?!?!
Get onboard and PASS @SenSanders' #MedicareForAll bill!!!
Didn't take you long to get on the stump and barking gun control, I'm still learning the names & the lives of the innocent that were taken!
Is very sad all this attack in Las Vegas all names going to be their stories to all American people everybody prayers to the families Alice
So dumb. These laws have to be national to work. Chicago's gun laws are ineffective because people can drive 5 miles to avoid them.
Please, please get some of your @SenateGOP colleagues to learn their names too & let's pass some sensible gun legislation.

Just brings tears  to your eyes  if your human
Do you ever talk to your constituents across the aisle?  Don't they care that most Americans want stricter gun control laws?
Heartbreaking but you are a disgusting hypocrite; thoughts on those killed by illegal aliens protected by u & the rest of ur lawless party.
I’m an avid 2nd amendment advocate. I would, however, support banning bump stocks. No civilian needs automatic weapons.
But 58 people are tragically killed by a phyco and you jump on the gun control wagon HOW ABOUT ABORTION CONTROL !
What legislation have you proposed that would have prevented this horror?
America wake up. Stop supporting your gun laws. Light a candle for change
We need to honor their memories by holding @GOP & @NRA to account. We must demand #GunControlNow
It takes both side w/out the  classless demogoguery of Dems to work things out.
#1proudgunowner
#manupgirlieLibs
#Iwilltakeabullet4U
Thank you
You should also honor thier memories by not extorting campaign donstion money over thier lifeless bodies.

You're a disgusting human being.
Politicize their deaths never let a crisis go to waist right?
Guess what liberal, we won't know all of the 900,000 names of all the infants that are killed every yr because of democratic policy abortion

Why didn't Obama do something in 2019 when he had total control? He gave us Obamacare.
You could care less. Just using them fo political gain. Same way soldiers were used in Vietnam. Keep telling whites they are privlidged.
My 12 yo asked why ANYONE would need a gun that can fire that many bullets that quickly. #FromTheMouthOfBabes #ToTheGovernmentsEar
Living in America right now is downright painful for true patriots. Bless you Senator Murphy for all you do.
Make a change.

What about the lives lost in just Hartford alone?
This could have been any of us...
Yes do that stop the politic of blame .. hypocrat
It it unimaginable, given the horror of Sandy Hook, common  sense laws have not been enacted.  No one should access to automatic weapons !  Vote those who voted against gun control laws out of office
I'm so sorry America let you down. 
#GunControlNow 
#GOPcomplicit 
#FakePresident
Heartbreaking
This is the result of our failure to pass sufficient gun legislation that would prohibit certain types of weapons or amassing an arsenal. 
tobacco kills 500,000 a year but that doesn’t seem to bother you( heavily taxed)
and Act to End Gun Violence.
Please consider donating to the Wolfe family to help them with unanticipated costs #RIPBillWolfe #LasVegasShooting https://www.gofundme.com/shipwrestlingwolfefamily …

Then contact ur legislative rep on gun control.
Democrats are hypocrites; had the WH, majority in Congress, passed ObamaCare...did nothing re: gun control...stop using tragedies=hypocrites
satyed off of news today for a reason. Reading about the lives lost of these people is devastating. #LasVagasShooting
And, anyone can be next as long as the GOP continues on their blood ridden path.
...Which your party conveniently wants to also defund care for...
Devastated again.
So sad. So let's start the friggin blame game! Heartless woman
No. The fucking pos who slaughtered 59 is the heartless one!
Even my calming essential oils aren't helping today
The devastation of these stories is made worse knowing that Congress is planning to let each person die in vain. Terrorist dead. No justice.
What is your purpose w this tweet? Do you think we need one of your sanctimonious lectures?
Unfollow him. It's one of your freedoms when you don't care about human beings massacred.
YES.  In the old days all military losses were noted daily also.  I'd like to see Media show tge real affects of guns, war etc
We need responsible common sense #guncontrol. #BanAssaultWeapons
We need an amendment to HIPPA laws to allow doctors to share mental health statuses w/ the FBI and we need to actually enforce current laws.
I read through about four and had to stop, the husband who died to save his wife was too much for me
I could not make it through all of them. Heartbreaking and AVOIDABLE.
While reading their names, think that Fox news, NRA and other loons have said their death is the price you may yet pay for their freedom.
Even when we catch the we let them gohttp://www.guns.com/2015/11/04/straw-purchaser-who-bought-gun-used-by-omaha-cop-killer-gets-probation/
#Shameful And that leniency lead another 300 people to illegally buy guns, lie on papers, buy for others prevented. Because you get off.
All beautiful people Please God Bless their souls #LasVagasShooting
But do not infringe upon the Natural rights which were cowardly removed from them. Slavery is worse than death. #GiveMeLibertyOrGiveMeDeath.
Victims of GOP war on Americans. 
Putting killing machines in the hands of as many people as possible = many Americans slaughtered
GOP stop supporting the slaughter of Americans.
^ #Bot that doesn’t care about human life. Ignore &  Block.
I have a bet for you and #congress will do NOTHING. These NAMES of Americas DIED IN VIEN.
And four Canadians...
the aborted babies didnt have names yet,  3000 since yesterday
