Our plan will modernize #Medicaid to protect the most vulnerable. #ReadTheBill
All I can do-Is humbly ask you & others at Capitol w/ a conscience to please help-Feel Betrayed By This
Without Medicaid waivers disabled would be forced into nursing homes or go w/o care. Not even enough nursing homes & cost more.
a family of 5 in PA pays $1800 month with a $5000/$10000 deductible medicaid pays 100% no premium. Obama care is good if free
 At least the people of PA have one Senator who will stand up for them. @SenToomey
I could just cry Senator Bob. Why would anyone still support this man and the GOP? #SwampCare
Thank You Sen. Casey.
Thank you for working to protect the most vulnerable of us.
by most vulnerable he means insurance companies
call for Medicare for all during Senate debate.
Thank you!
@AltDptEducation read the bill. Bill makes rich richer, poor poorer. Hate the bill
Thx! Proposed changes could deny FAPE to Ss w/disabilities. 
Thank you, they are setting up next generations for early death. I'm 46. Looks like no safety net for my generation as seniors
No Medicare or Social Security whoo hoo! Can't wait to get old
If the GOP were really wanted to "modernize Medicare"it would cover all Americans like the rest of the civilized world
@SpeakerRyan Sen Casey, Obama & you cut $716B from our Medicare to fund other entitlement expansions part of Obamacare. Why?
I'm not paid.
should I be getting info from breitbart and fox like #tinyhands? Theirs doesn't even pass common sense test.
#RobbinGood - Trump and his GOP rob from the poor to give to the rich.
Bob everything The President does can't be bad. Start think about Making America Great Again.
Thank you, Senator!
Paul Ryan has to go as well and stay away from healthcare he along with his BFF Donny and the others are ruining this country
you still haven't called for #Sessions resignation. Why is that.
.  So in other words. You never read the bill?? Or you're just illiterate? I am a little confused .... #noCasey2018
They claimed death panels in the ACA, this sounds like death sentences.
my question is how are you going to fight back? You guys have no number, maybe you should work with president to protect them
@SpeakerRyan Bobby doesn't read anything, he's far to busy getting money from Big Pharmacy......
Thank you, sir.
Is @SpeakerRyan as soulless as he seems? Is possible @GOP has been infiltrated by humanoids seeking destruction of humankind?
@AltDptEducation Thank you!
YOU voted 4 obamacare which pushed many more ppl on Medicaid. States do not have the funds to pay. You're obfuscating again.
well you better. This is a disgrace. #WeThePeople will not tolerate. #WhiteHairedWarriors
by "vulnerable" he means rich peoples wallets
there's nothing "modern" about being sick and poor and without proper healthcare.
Sen. Casey why don't you just back off? Stop fighting the President and work with him.
thank you - any reassurance that there is some sanity - these issues are literally life threatening - we are counting on you.
call him and other GOP on their lies with ACA!!
@SpeakerRyan @SenToomey Thank you, Senator Casey!
you have my support!!! You are a great leader of the resistance and I am thankful you are my senator.
@jenshaigec a have a severely disabled 19 year old. Not looking to good for us
I am so sorry, Julie.  That breaks my heart for you.  GOP is so evil.  Blessings to you and your family.
- my stepmom lives on $700mo, has cancer, just got HUD voucher. 68yrs old. #Resist!
- my dad divorced her after 9yrs so no USAF pension for her. She raised me, gave up career for USAF. Has PhD!
don't you ever just get sick of the lies and absolute bs from these Republican "colleagues" ?   They have lost their humanity.
Why are they doing this to us?
@colbert_ed Jesus! Ryan's mother must have done a number on him when he was young!
so u will continue the war on the working class? Thanx ass
Thanks for fighting for us, my daughter has down syndrome and Medicaid waiver is critical for her life
thank you
Thank you
Thanks for fighting for us.
I'm in a PA resident, living in Montgomery County, THANK YOU for having the courage to fight! #RESISTANCE
Casey, when are you going to do something about Trump's ties to Russia?
they are going to kill people because of greed and special interest
thank you for fighting for our most vulnerable in PA
stay Strong their doublespeak is troubling!
Please fight to save ACA. Thank you! #TuesdayswithToomey is fighting too... with or without Toomey.
the benefit cap worries me. We are a destination for CA treatment.
this alternative isn't better,it's worse.some people will pay more for insurance while some will pay less. we all know who wins and loses.
@KatCapps #Focus #TrumpRussia
Thank you, Sen. Casey for being a champion for the little guy.
Ryan has been anti Senior Citizen for years. He would rather see a senior die in gutter than get help
the people get to see what is in the bill BEFORE it's passed, great idea huh?
@BonnieSue05060 ,destroy  is right  and cause harm to others. What is the matter with these people! !!!!
I want to thank you for your efforts and let you know you are appreciated!!
Can u explain or link info on cuts to seniors?
Paul Ryan is a shameful hypocrite!  OK Trumpers....time to pay the piper with your health and your lives!
As someone whose spouse has  early on set dementia I am petrified! Please keep fighting!
I'm in Texas, don't qualify for Medicaid because I make more than $200 per month. I also didn't make enough for Obamacare. 
And also  give tax breaks to insurance company executives earning $500K and above.
instead of fighting why don't you work with to help make it better than the disaster it is. You are part of the big gov prob
Thank you for recognizing these travesties and fighting for the poor, elderly and sick who need it most
@SpeakerRyan Is lying contagious Mr. Ryan??  Is it a preexisting condition in the GOP?
destroy, but only just after the 2020 election.
You will fight anything the Republicans want even if it's good for our country.  It would be nice if politicians cared about constituents
PLEASE can we give more RICH people Badly Needed Tax Cuts! I feel so sad for their pain:(
PLEASE FIGHT!! This is punishing the elderly & pre-existing. It only benefits the young & rich. #NotASolution
thank you. We must defeat this terrible bill
And by "vulnerable" he means rich and powerful. @SpeakerRyan #weseeyou
thank you Senator Casey l am behind you. Don't let GOP shortchange Americans on medical care while giving tax breaks to rich.
you can`t be believed.  you r still drinking obmama`s coolaid.   you should be replaced with someone for the people
You know children sing a song on playground about people like you...LIAR LIAR PANTS ON FIRE
back to bed Bobby , and take your meds
Thank you for fighting! My mom is in long term care, and I have preexisting!
All who read Bob's tweets need to know that his staff is writing these for him.
and your point is?
thank you, as one of your disabled voters
Thanks, Senator Casey, keep fighting for us
You should try educating those Seniors. Majority of them vote for Republicans. Hard to feel bad for people who punch themselves in the face.
I've tried with the younger ones. But with the seniors, I think many of them voted for Trump simply b/c they've been voting GOP for 60 yrs.
Fight good, fight hard!
Bob get real. Government does not belong in healthcare! It is to easy for the government to deny benefits to kill people off.
@joanne_kratz will just let you whither and die bc your parents can't afford healthcare... MAGA my ass, #makeamericasickagain
@joanne_kratz Great!  Once you're born you are out of luck.  Better get a job, little infant, because our once great society 3/
@joanne_kratz the Bible where it says that we let poor people die so we get a few hundred dollar tax break.  Anti-abortion? 2/
Thank you for your continued leadership. Are there life time caps in this sham bill?
@joanne_kratz when did we become a nation of greedy jerks?  All these so called Christians?  Really?  I misses the part of 1/
Scare Old people with your lies. Your party screwed things up bad trying to fix the mess.
The American people doubt it very much
What about your constituents who need individual (not Medicaid) coverage - how will you protect them?
please protect our seniors. Thanks for all of your work for PA! Can't thank you enough!
Yep, many citizens don't know the help for seniors out of money, until their parents are in that situation.
And by "protect" he means marginalize and willfully ignore.
Thank you Senator Casey
Thank you Senator, What about people who pay little in income tax. Or just unemployed
Thank you Senator!!
@howeasyweforget You go Bob! This plan is terrible. Wealth care.
my vote will not be for you. I find you as actively trying to undermine progress.
in what way?
it is only negative content. Show us how both sides can and will work together to form compromise.
I hope democratic congress people can talk some sense into these misanthropes. Hope springing eternal.
@SpeakerRyan ACA helped millions, seniors, those with disabilities & those whom will lose coverage-send bills to Ryan to pay!
thank you! !
Thank you for fighting for #RealPA!
@SpeakerRyan Ryan, you protect no one but those who lobby you with large $$. You could care less about the most vulnerable.
@SpeakerRyan Thank you sir.
Thank you for fighting back-our children (and everyone) with disabilities are counting on you!
Dems - Party of fear n misdirection. The bill is open for debate. Make constructive suggestions rather than criticize.
Thank you!
Thank you, sir!
We will have your back.
You say that before reading the bill? But you voted for the middle class-killing Obamacare without study/debate!
Where's the fight for Obamacares before the death spiral. U failed to protect us then but now you'll fight back?!?! Wow!
thank you! Keep up the fight!
Keep fighting - we support you. I plan to call Toomey & Rothfus to tell them not to vote for this.
--@SenToomey only votes the way the overlords want, not to help his constituents
Thank you @SenBobCasey. Will you pledge to oppose destruction of #Medicaid @SenToomey?
I doubt @sentoomey will pledge to oppose ANYTHING his puppet masters do to hurt the most vulnerable of our state. $$
Thank you
@SpeakerRyan thank you Senator we need you!
THANK YOU
@SpeakerRyan oh, now you want us to read the bill? I won't even entertain the possibility, a$$hole!
Bob worry about Pennsylvania Seniors. We got the lottery for that. Right????? Right???
all congress/senate should be insured with this new ACA to see how it works and have skin in game
right on
Thank you Senator Casey!
Thank you. Please keep fighting for us.
When DT destroys gov   Ryan will get old n out of a job. Something to look forward to.
We are counting on you & your Democratic colleagues to do just this.  Those who need the most will be hurt significantly.
