.@SpeakerRyan says he doesn’t want to negotiate with Democrats on health care, despite GOP's failure to pass bill http://cbsn.ws/2nP0hcC  
If @realDonaldTrump would drop repeal and abandon the far right, there's an opportunity to make health care work for all Americans.
Nope. U had ur chance. In the next couple weeks EO's will be out speeding up the death of obamacare! It will be a great day for America!!
#BipartisanBipolarism Here we go again it's all about the Parties not about the people then you wonder how Trump got elected! Not listening
It's time for Democrats to reach across the aisle and support a more reasonable choice to replace @speakerryan.
No, Speaker Ryan is right.  We don't want socialized medicine.  And how about you guys NOT EXEMPT yourselves from what you impose on us?
Obamacare is a Dems bill, going broke and stupid- like all Dems stuff! New EO's on the way to speed up its demise. Then back to free market!
Why would any republican work with u snowflakes? Real issue is u have no balls. U are afraid of Shumer and do u do what he tells u to do!
It looks like it's the Democrats who don't want to work with the Republicans so don't be telling lies Casey we're not stupid.
He doesn't want healthcare he wants TAX BREAKS for the wealthy
Only thing Ryan wants is for people to die so they stop taking money away from the rich. He's a craven sociopath Ayn Rand cultist.
What a horrible statement for him to make. Thank you for your stand for PA residents Sen. Casey.
You mean the plan that was supposed to save me money in the first place and was 5 times worse. You politicians wow
Paul Ryan is a "policy guy" in conversation only. He can't write or pass any legislation. He's in over his head. Boehners laughing at GOP!
PC perfect Bobby
like you did in passing the oppressive ACA Not a single Republican vote Locked out of the room What are your ideas
Senator Casey I think speaker Ryan is too busy working with the Russians to be bothered with the Democrats!
And stupid democrat are voting for Supreme Court nominee, 2 so far
Ryan needs to go, too radical. He wants to take away everything from the poor & middle class, he's no man of honor. Bypass him & go to POTUS
Obamacare is more than just disappointing....
Disappointing? No, par for course. Ryan doesn't what health ins.; he wants tax cuts. Dems want health ins. not tax cuts. See how it works?
He doesn't want healthcare or government to work! He wants anarchy and socialism for the wealthy & to hell with the rest of us.
From a partisan political hack who has been in lock step with Nancy 'find out what's in it when we pass it' Pelosi.
Wow....that's pretty arrogant and stupid. Guess he really does want to tank his political career.
The current disaster/UNAFFORDABLE CARE ACT was passed solely by Democrat votes. 100%. Thanks BOOB Casey.
SAD for US
Paul Ryan is only worried about the rich, and controlling women.  He is a treasonous snake in the grass! Typical of @GOP!
Not a surprise.
kinda like you and the rest of the dems did with Obama care...
It's how twerpy trolls operate @SpeakerRyan
Ryan is busy doing deals with the devil instead of focusing on what is in the best interest of our country and all Americans. Expected.
Clearly party over country. #traitorTrump #RyanTheRat
Disappointing AND telling.
and why would he? He and the the rest could care less about anyone in need. Let's hope his supporters wake up!
#votethemout !!! 2018 can't come soon enough!
How hard are the Democrats working to try to achieve the same goal?
Paul Ryan has exposed himself as a heartless ideologue with policy that disregards the welfare of the American people. #aynrandhadmedicare
Sheer pride & bull headedness keep #GOP from working w #Dems to improve the #ACA. If they can't repeal, then they go home in snit. #SaveAca
Still living with the our way or the highway Republican mindset during the past administration.
Ryan is interested in cutting Social Security, Medicare and Medicade.  IMO that's his healthcare agenda!
@CBSNews Very disappointing.  This is the opportunity.
no need to even consider the MAJORITY of Americans who did not vote for @realDonaldTrump thanks @RepMeehan
While that is disappointing, is even more disappointing that senators tweet repeatedly Day&Night yet don't listen or respond to constituents
Best analysis I've heard: the Senate is a group of adults and the House is a group of children. So true. #GrowUpRyan

The elevation of party above people is just as treasonous as colluding with our enemies. #RussiaTrump #PaulRyan #TheResistance 
Quite right 
He is a disgrace----how do the Republicans keep coming up with ppl that do not give a care about our country or its people??
Wouldn't worry too much. He's going down with the Trumptanic for collusion.
you can't have your cake & eat it too...its YOUR law that is unaffordable
@CBSNews yeah   He's such a good guy !!!
Ryan I hope you get voted to the curb in 2018!  You say you want to do right by America but your actions say something else.
Voters want bipartisan work, stop worrying abt lobbyists and get to work on real and meaningful legislation
kinda like you all worked with R's to pass the horrendous ACA.??  hypocrite.  BTW, PA still hates you  @NolteNC
Speaker Ryan had better have a back-up plan for January 2019 when he's unemployed and unemployable. #OrangeTheory
speaker Ryan is a horrible excuse for a human, no compassion or empathy, his public service goal is  his wealth
Senator you are not need them interested in fixing anything with the Republicans. You are part of the problem. Stop with you deflecting.
It's disappointing that Dems choose Obstruction over progress.
Shows their true loyalty is to donors & not America
"Disappointing" is a masterful understatement, Senator.
You want to help all, regardless of background. @SpeakerRyan wants to help the rich and screw the poor/sick/minorities.
@SpeakerRyan's only goal is to kick away the ladders that assisted him now that he's well-off.
Not surprising. They're the party of NO for past 8 yrs.
Its disappointing that the Dems didn't have the balls to do the right thing when Pelosi et al shoved Ocare down our throats
Better for the poor to die and decrease the surplus population...
he is just a junior 45. #45enemytoamericans
It's a shame to have a Senator who does not follow the Constitution as he swore to uphold! #constitution
Never a chance of anything humane like that happening with snake @SpeakerRyan . It doesn't fit with his let them all die agenda
sad. He cld really have helped ppl. Still cld but refuses. He really is the #GrimReaperRyan
He wants poor people to die. He's not going to work with people who don't want the same thing. He really is a Nazi, isn't he?
Ryan's ego is to big to want to negotiate  He has such a swelled head of self importance, surprised it tis in the Capitol!
Why must everything in Washington have to be "My way or the highway" anymore?  This attitude is getting making this country worse and worse!
Not to mention that his plan has 17% support and would take healthcare away from millions. Tax break for rich @CNN
all about the tax cuts for the rich Bob you know that
GOP = Party before the people
@damonbethea1 @SpeakerRyan his only interest is to destroy the legacy of Pres. Obama its not to help the American people
U Dems won't work with anyone who doesn't agree with your twisted views.
, He showed his true character in this interview!!
Disappointing, but no surprise.  He's done nothing but prove he's #partyovercountry  day in, day out.
It's disappointing the Democrats choose Obstruction over progress.  Shows true loyalty is to donors & not America.
Stupid is as stupid does, shameful no shock here, why would he, his pockets are full of Big Pharma cash
Mr. Ryan, Mr Casey. FIX WHAT WE HAVE.     Thank You Pass it on.
If it's any consolation, #SpinelessRyan wouldn't work with republicans to make it better for citizens, either. 
@SpeakerRyan
.. @SpeakerRyan @PRyan is ill-educated, unthinking man's version of smart policy wonk. #Dems knows policies
he wants 2 ram in his agenda, regardless how Americans feel. Your job is 2 protect & help Americans. Do that Ryan
He doesn't care about Americans at all. What a disgrace!
Dems don't work together, they dictate demands.
why are polss showing that Dems aren't even agreeing with other Dems? Get on the same page!!!!
agreed. @SpeakerRyan  is an immoral liar who'll cause more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #GOPLiesMatter
we should be United not divided
such a dumb response politically and otherwise.
