Stay strong! #TheResistance has your back!
show every one of them the same welcome obstructionist republicans did to Obama.  X1000
Obstructionism is not acceptable by you and the other Senate Democrats. You are putting our nation at risk against our enemies!
yet they are all going through, house on fire.
There are 3 categories:
1.) Direct ties to Putin 2.) Direct ties to fringe White nationalists groups 3.) Pay for play.
Get your tinfoil hat, or your meds adjusted. @SenBobCasey
Read an actual newspaper.
it's like trump christmas gift vouchers for billionaire buds. red foil envelopes. golden appointment tickets.
Nothing more than a hyper-partisan obstructionist. Not good for the USA or PA! #DumpCasey
Thanks for stepping up, Senator!! Keep pushing!! 
so glad to see you're fighting for what is right!
almost as long as list of intellectually & morally bankrupted Senators
And what are you doing to protect our nation @sentoomey?  Oh yeah, hiding from your constituency.
So what is congress doing nothing but sitting on their asses
You just perfectly described yourself. Talk about the pot callling the kettle black. Think you will be re-elected? Think again!
Who is "We"? Speak for yourself. You act like a puppet of the Democrat machine.
I am a Pa. democrat who will never vote democrat again.
The nominees: refreshing and successful.No one had more conflicts of interest, & less competence, experience, than Obama.
then why is my home state of PA broke, corrupt, and taxed to death? Hmnnn? Sit down.
Proud of you, Sen. C. Now LOUDER & more often, please.
well said, Senator!
Most Americans would disagree with you. Especially when considering the last administration.
what about the reports this weekend about Intel in the dining room and selfies with the briefcase containing nuke codes?
then why have you voted to confirm some of them?
Good work opposing! And demand Congress investigate trump's and Flynn's dealings with Russian nationals before Inauguration!
Thank you for telling the truth!vote no on all nominees!
Did you mean a group of nominees not bought and sold by the establishment?
the intent is 2 oust fed govt in local. It is no surprise. Pointing it out  is their measure of success.
you ain't seen nothing yet,after 2018 election boots you out GOP super majority will really get things done in Trump's 2nd term
Thank you, Senator, for continuing to speak out.
I'm glad you nose these things.
"extreme positions" that's a pretty loose word, ain't it Bobby?
- Completely agree. What would it take for @SenToomey to vote against ANY of them?
Speaking of incompetence, you are little more than a liberal hack.  Your day of reckoning will soon be at hand.
@Laurie_David Thank you.
SHAMEFUL
Exactly. Stay strong. We need you to fight for us
extreme compared to what- far left -When is school choice, defending country, borders, and removing illegal criminals extreme??
STARTING WITH trump!
Pay no attention to the trolls, sir, we got your back come 2018! Not so much Toomey's...#impeach #dumpGOP #DumpTrump
keep fighting! We're with you all the way
thank u Senator at least 1 of our Senators care abt our country. @SenToomey
what can be done? Why hasn't house brought impeachment charges under emoluments clause yet?
Government experience = incompetence. Gotta mirror??
Thank you for reviewing each nominee and highlighting how inappropriate they are.
@realDonaldTrump wants chaos and total control of the govt. He wants to be less POTUS and more CEOOUS answering to no one.
Be our Hero: Stop Them.
Totally agree.  He never drained the swamp, he filled it to the top with swamp sludge. We are behind you Senator.
Or the sublime convergence of all three. Enough in GOP Congress to doom us as well~who will look out for the people? #Worried
GOD BLESS TRUMP. AGAIN AND AGAIN.
seriously.  be glad it's trumps picks n not hillary.  hers would all come from the prison system
forgot one bob! Forgetting trump! Need his taxes! His conflicts of interests still have not been investigated! Keep on him bob!
Afraid he will cut off taxpayer money to WestBank/Gaza terrorists? @SenBobCasey
Casey is an anti American socialist. Vote him out!
your nuts. Jobs are coming back taxes are lowering criminal illegals getting deported stocks up.thanks president trump
Sounds like you are describing your Senate seat.  You Resist while we find your replacement.
yes! It's as if he's trying to destroy America!
zzzzzzzzzzxxxxxx
Go, Senator! Thanks!
perfect....@SenBobCasey why did u vote Obama's picks in 09, 8 of them had a combined 5 years of biz experience in total?
It's almost like they are Democrats
the intentional malevolence of trump administration is directed by his evil motive helpmates to destroy our country
- Completely agree. What would it take for @SenToomey to vote against ANY of them?
What does professional politician know about competence. Do U even remember not being on the dole. Running on dads name. Loser
& sadly @SenToomey supports them ALL, bought & paid for by #DeVos & the Koch Bros! What will it take for him to care about PA?!
And Putin ties. What are you doing about this? Anything? Anyone in DC with courage? I'm guessing, nah.
agreed. @realDonaldTrump and his associates are immoral, corrupt liars that are not fit to serve in our national government.
GETT'EM
Then can we talk about national security?
liberal liar, on fake   cable  news  network.
Resist
DEM's to vote NO on confirming Trump nominees. You'll be outvoted but at least it's on record when it blows up in GOP's face.
and it will blow up!
All it takes is one piece.  Bring down Flynn and watch him sing taking the rest of the corrupt Trump regime out.
this is what it looks like when a takeover happens. #StopTheTyranny #NoPutin #impeachtrump
Thank you Senator. Trump & his people need to be removed immediately & we are horrified at @GOP & @SenToomey for doing nothing
I am so proud to say you are my Senator! Thank you for explaining that these were not knee-jerk votes, but carefully considered
what was your net worth before you were elected to the Senate? What's your worth now?  Living large taking taxpayers broke!
Troll
Please stay vigilant in your efforts Senator. We need your voice and commitment. Thank you!
So why did you vote in Obama's picks in 2009, because 8 of them had a combined 5 years of business experience in total?

how is that different from trump saying to the prime minister of japan..these people having this wedding at my club paid me $$$
Thank you Senator for stating the obvious, which the majority of the House and Senate choose to ignore.
