I brought w/ me letters from middle class Pennsylvanians who would be adversely impact by GOP’s tax plan
One constituent said, “we have been responsible and doing our part.”
Constituent continued, “Why should high income families get a tax break when we will likely get a tax hike?” I agree.
Another letter I gave to @realDonaldTrump from a 73yr old PA resident. “My wife and I have a fixed income in middle range....”
This constituent continued, “It obviously provides significant tax breaks to the high income earners at the expense of the middle class.”
I also told @realDonaldTrump that it was wrong to cut $1.5 trillion from Medicare and Medicaid to fund tax cuts for the wealthy
Further, I told @realDonaldTrump that the GOP tax plan should not give 80% of the tax cuts to top 1% as GOP plan does by 2027
GOP rhetoric on taxes does not match reality. They are not pushing tax reform, but tax cuts for wealthy at the expense of middle class.
Thank u 4 ur efforts Senator Casey.  If only I could believe that it didn't fall on deaf ears.
YOU are a fool we stand with Trump on obama care has to go so do you out of office lets vote you out and we will
Fake account lmao
Why do you think that business owners are synonymous with rich people?
Because if the tax brackets the cuts apply to...
What tax brackets does corporate tax include? What about capital gains? Because wealthy people are more susceptible to estate tax is it good
Correction:
Wealthy people are literally the ONLY people who pay the estate tax.

Extremely wealthy people.
false
Given life insurance, stock liquidation, and asset transfer it is easy for middle income families to reach the threshold of deduction
No, it's not even close.
If you are transferring 11 million dollars from a couple to their kids, then they are EXTREMELY WEALTHY.
Literally ZERO middle class people pay the estate tax.
Literally zero.
Please let us know if you need more letters, especially when the ACA is being attacked!
The problem is those touching letters will not affect him because he's a sociopath w/ no ability to empathize. He doesn't care.
Lame Violet.
You really are taking one for the team Senator! Pennsylvania thanks you! I bet you took a hot shower to wash off all the dirty!
@SenBobCasey ? I and thousands of Pa residents DISAGREE with YOU! We voted POTUS IN. He is on the side of the PEOPLE. NOT you. NOT #Resist
Let us do what is good for the people!
Where are the numbers to back your claim? SALT loophole needs to close!
Thanks, Sen Casey!  A voice of reason in this chaotic & evil administration
Thank you for caring about Pennsylvanians. It is clear neither Toomey nor Trump have us in mind, only the wealthy. Thank you for fighting!
Awesome
Thank you for standing up for PA families and parents @SenBobCasey ! @momsrising
Thanks for your dedication to serving your constituents!
FLAT TAX!!
Rate increases have already begun in PA for medical insurance obtained through your employer ,yet another broken promise made by this admin!
Thank you, Senator! We see your hard work!
Thank you for being my voice and Pennsylvanians voice at the white house today. It won't matter though as @POTUS  probably wasn't listening.
Grateful to you @SenBobCasey  We support you. There are more of us, and we are #Indivisible
Be a man. Think for yourself. This thread is embarrassing for you as US Sen. Does someone just email you what to think? Get a spine.
Thank you for always working hard for us Senator Casey.
You are a liar Bob.
NO ONE getting an increase in taxes
No one
Lower class will actually see more $ bc their rate going down so much 
LIAR
Oh boy.. this ought 2 b interesting..
2/ thanks senator 4 sticking up 4 us but fatso trump couldnt care less. Unfortunately.
Thank you, Senator Casey for caring for Pennsylvanians.
Thank you for speaking up for Pennsylvanians.
Thank you for trying to bring some truth to this conversation. I just worry that your strategy hangs on the idea of Donald Trump reading.
I'm happy to call you my Senator.
Thank you for working hard for Pennsylvanians.
Thank you Senator Casey.
T y but I think r only hope is impeachment & taking the house in 2018.
Thank you, Senator. I fear that personal stories will not make a bit of difference, though, as narcissists are incapable of empathy.
@POTUS Thank you very much Senator Casey. It's way past time for impeachment, for the entire lot of him and his administration. Can we plaese get that ball rolling?
Can you say a little about his reaction?   Was there even one?
So what was his reply?
I wait for November when I can vote you out. @loubarletta is my future senatot not you.
Thank you @SenBobCasey for standing up for us!
Thank you Senator Casey.
Thank you for representing all Pennsylvanians and not just the top 1%. There is no way we can afford this tax cut to the wealthy.
Please do not speak for all of us. Casey does not represent all of us. He's in politics on dad's coattails & isn't close to being his dad
You better vote for reducing taxes Senator. Small business needs a break and expansion, hiring and rising wages will result.
Thanks, Bob, for finding & publicizing the truth about this.  Pls keep up your good work in resisting & changing in whatever ways possible.
Thanks @SenBobCasey for info on the tax plan and your work in the Senate for taxpayers. @CCAG_District6
Senator, would you please remove Mr. Trump from office? I'll pay taxes to the moon if that's what it takes. PLEASE help the country.
Thank you Senator Casey!
Your father would be proud of your actions to defend ordinary Pennsylvanians!
Donald Trump doesn’t care, but I thank you for giving me a voice in the White House 
I hope you took a very long shower afterwards. I can't stand his picture much less have to see him in person.
Thank you for your efforts even though it falls on deaf ears.
Thank you Senator Casey!
Thank you, & your staff, for the dedication to our great state & amazing country.  We are lucky to have u as our Senator.
Thank you Sen. Casey..
Thank you, Senator Casey! What was his response? I'm assuming a mix of 'this will be the best', 'trust me!' Etc?
Thank you Senator!
@clarkm123
Thank U Sen Casey on informing the voters of this disastrous Tax plan @realDonaldTrump #TrumpsTheWorstPresidentEver
Thank you Senator Casey! I'm grateful you are trying!
Thank You for at least trying!!
He’s my Senator.
Unfortunately the coward Repug @SenToomey is the other 
Same here! @SenToomey can't see past his rich donors to actually listen to his constituents. As disgusting as that is, it's true.
I know!!! 

@SenToomey Listen to your constituents !!!!
Did he grab you by the pussy?
@SenBobCasey will you do something about the assassination of our President? A real investigation?
@SenBobCasey JFK was killed in broad daylight by our shadow government, no one believes the official story, yet NO ONE does ANYTHING!!
Deflect much? Why are you bringing something like this up in this thread?
Because is Serial Killers are pulling the strings you can trust them to do anything.......
@SenBobCasey do you think LHO killed JFK or are you a man who understands physics?
https://youtu.be/8hSc-5XcbRo 
I DEMAND ANSWERS about Donald Marshall
