It's like Christmas time for Dems! OMG theses photos will be used in every ad in 2018. Showing they work for a man with a 38% approval haha
And when the aca goes in the crapper how will the idiots on the left look.  Useless as usual, only thing they know how to do is pander peopl

See stupid the GOP look? GOP nSenate won't vote on fellow GOP Bill Why not talk to each other? When Dems had all 3 branches things got done
No you mean they failed in every aspect.
1) GM bailout saved my dad's retirement 2) marriage equality the law of land 3) saved us from a banking collapse 4) Insured millions.
Your DAD's retirement should've been held separately. Mine was, the company I worked 25 years for went belly up I have my pension.
If company went "belly up", you'd have lost your pension. I call b.s.
Not Americans in general. That bill gives billionaire tax cuts, nothing to help 99% of us
TRUTH!!  W hat Trumpkins voted for...
Don't like trump MOVE
So we could another total loser like Obama or Clinton. Trump a 100+ days in and you should show respect. He's more positive than any lib
They're also showing that they don't give a rat's ass about their constituents.
.@chrislhayes @Lawrence @AC360 @samsteinhp @SaysHummingbird @RepChrisCollins @RepCummings #AHCA #SaveACA #TheResistance #ReplaceGOP #inners
Remember when DC wanted the churches to help  the poor so they didn't have to
Oh yes. It's the church's job to take of everyone they deem worthy
there were many times the US has been on the ropes and it was democrat that got us out of it. we need them now at 66 seen a lot
I bet at 66 you're really sick of this crap.
a little but when you fight you don't get old as fast and this is my kind of fight. took a lot less time with Nixon it should go faster
Seriously. This is a freak show.
The Repubs don't work for any American citizen except Trump & the wealthy wanna be oligarchs. Oh, and themselves-gotta line those pockets.
how about this don't go on buses with the President - it brings back old memories for us and Melania
Excellent point sir.
@SenateGOP House GOP has sold out America. Senate GOP, please do your jobs protect and enhance health care for all (Obamacare/Medicare plus)
Hopefully Trump gets the job promise done. The brown noser republicans will need them in 2018
Blood sucking Randian vampires.
that was indeed quite a stunt...particularly for 'bill' that is nowhere near becoming law...and I suspect they'll live to regret it...
Snowflakes and sour grapes go together like catsup and fries.
Neither party has worked for the middle class in a long time...Washington is so out of touch,not even funny.
They work to destroy the middle class.
Does Hillary pay you do be an ass or is it just a natural thing for you?
@HouseGOP & @realDonaldTrump are working for this #pro-life PA middle class woman who wants #HealthcareNotAbortion  & #ReligiousFreedom. R U
Sen Bob Casey you fight for us were behind you
Like a bunch of silly 3rd graders going on a field trip to the fascist Wonderful Park of trumplandia!!!
Party now white boys, for soon you'll be "partying" from inside federal prisons. Then ALL AMERICA will have the GRANDEST PARTY OF ALL TIME!!
Never stop Senator...we value your leadership In PA. Call a lie a lie....keep the heat on at all times. I'd be happy to help you.
By not providing an alternate bus in a better direction is also showing you don't work for the middle class either. Hot empty air sir.

Kicked they ball through the uprights with that one!
Disgusting
Can we now refuse to pay taxes?
And it works for donors!
Let's remind them who they work for #VoteGOPOut2018
Not all Trump. Was GOP's dream and the wealthy who support the ultra-Right. Trump is just the pillaging carnival barker for hire.
They just threw a  lot of Americans under that bus.  I hope that your colleagues in the senate will put Trumpcare (aka Wealthcare) to rest.
concur
Revolting, hypocritical, misogynistic.... There aren't enough words.....
Ya you Dems never went over and held obas hand did you?  Hypocrite.
#TrumpGOP   Yes it does
That clown is probably passing out money!
also showing they are arrogant--who else would "celebrate" legislation that passed one house?
Don't worry! We will keep that in mind in 2018. #Trumpcare
#GOP partiers beyond reprehensible! Vote'em out!
Not to mention the taxpayer beer
That tour brought me to recall the Firesign Theatre album We're All Bozos On This Bus.
YES!!!!
What this is, Sen. Casey is a big EFF YOU to President @BarackObama, in response to his #GoverningWhileBlack. #racist #vote2018 #goodbye
They don't work for trump. And you know It. It's time for democrats to be honest.
When are you guys going to stop him?
Couldn't agree more. They are an abomination
Yeah - owns them with paltry concessions & a promise of a party in the Rose Garden with cheap beer.  Guess the frat party doesn't stop.
like this?
How getting everyone in the Senate together to fix this monstrosity. Bipartisan bill. Really piss Trump off.
No worries, we have their names, each and every one will be voted out asap. Let the trump ass kissers become bellhop for trump tower
And certainly not their constituents
@DrXPsychologist @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump they look like a bunch of frat boys not profesdionals
blaster this around the capital
Party Bus, pass around the booze, drugs & women
Well they definitely do not work for the people of this country who if you think about it we are your bosses
No one works 4 the president.Elected officials take an oath to the constitution to work for citizens.Not party.Not president.
They have to go home today! I will bet town halls will be scarce!! #AHCA
Disgusting
Rather than celebrating #TrumpNoCare #Trump. Why don't you do something constructive like #impeach  this shill of a #POTUS?
DT claimed in his speech that this would produce better healthcare for USA; he doesn't know what his bill says or intentionally lies
Sickening frat party...
We know this. Help us!!!
Hopefully their constituents will remind them who their real bosses are on Election Day.
And #45 orchestrated that 'look'. It feeds his need to feel like the 'big man'.
Roger that!
Or the poor.
they were for no class..they work for themselves..amoral gut sucking parasites.
Had to go get their participation trophy picture. They just kicked the can. ACA still in effect. Sycophants.
Actually they showed themselves to be a bunch of bullying frat-boys who think they won because they are the best. #deplorable #karmasabitch
You Work For Donors Not The Middle Class Either
The GOP works for Putin .Nice taxpayers play to bus them aroud after their beer bash in the capitol
Who paid for the friggin bus? #ShameonyouRepublicans
Lol give me a break... None of you people work for the middle class, sorry to say.
Right again! Make sure nobody forgets this in 2018!! Take back the House!!!
My new favorite hashtag 
#prematureejaculegislation 
Hope Senate shuts it down.
#november2018
They work for the working class. unlike you who acts like an aristocrat working for the elite
Funny how it's ok for Dems to politicize everything they support or oppose but not when Republicans do it.  Besides ACA screwed healthcare!
What a Cuck.
keep fighting for us, Bob!
What are you doing about H1B visas?
Disgraceful behavior! Singing in the House, too!
$$$$$$$$$$$$$ will do that
Did Donnie hand each of them a rose as they got off bus? With dramatic music?
Why doesn't someone introduce a new bill with the same text as the ACA but call it republicare?  Or whatever.
The GOP have all sold their souls, minus the 20 who voted against.  Healthcare, the Environment, Individual Rights, what's next?  SAD.
@PaulBegala @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump they don't care one bit that they may hurt Americans. Not one discussion or hearing.
Never got a chance to thank you for getting my social security restarted thank you no thanks to my congressman Perry he treated me horribly
Or maybe the middle class is tired of footing the bill for everyone else and they ARE working for them.
Was there ever any doubt?
What's most shocking to me is how many educated Rs are willing to throw their careers away for a treasonous #LiarInChief
They have been bought and sold!
Yeah like we didn't already know that!  #Republifuckers
@tclary1687 it's just disgusting
Take that further...they work for all Americans...not just middle class.Every citizen should count.
They are a pitiful lot.
Indeed
Obamacare is failing! Do your job and work with Congress for a better plan!
They need to pay for this
I'm proud of you @SenBobCasey! Thank you for your compassion and leadership! #sencasey #leadership #integrity #ThankYou
Notice the party moved to AIR FORCE 1 at sever 100's of thousands per hr THEY DESERVE IT rt? I MEAN RT???
Lead us to a Better future don't just report & rt to your core after tweeting Americans NEED ACTION  not post  analyzing plz do your pt/Help
#cowards
@PaulBegala @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump Trump got a win today and but for the senate may kick 10s of millions off healthcare yay
Follow the (bribe) money!
"I think this is one of the largest pure redistributions from poor to rich in one bill we've ever seen." -J. Gruber
Thank you Senator Casey for supporting the people of your state, and staying with us.  We will stay with you at election time!
I was under the impression that our elected officials work for "We the People" who put them there.
How many times can I hit the like button before my I phone explodes.
