And what have you done to help the country in just the past 100 days Sir?
Way more that Dolt 45!
Spell check maybe?
Why? I'm on my pfhone and if you have a brain you can deciffer
Obviously one of us has a brain
If you voted for Trump then y'all ain't the scarecrow
He's done more in his first 100 days than obama did.
Yes as far as scandals go- he certainly has.
Oh Donald, just because you say it doesn't make it so!
Have you kept the campaign promises you made.
Sorry Bob but POTUS had done more in his 100 days than you & Congresd have done in the past 8 years. Quit playing politics.
Name 1 thing he's done that hasn't failed or has benefited anyone except him and his interest? And I guess colluding with Russia is ok too?
PS. How many failed billionaires do you know?
What are you going to do Bob? Perez says pro lifers like you aren't welcome in the Dumbocrat party.
Miss President Obama! Wish President Trump wouldn't be so pompous, gruff & demeaning. Keep waiting for his IQ to catch up &shut down his EGO
Luckily, we DON'T miss him!
Accept it, we won, libs.
His term is done, thank God.
Did enough damage
 #45 MAGA
MAGA
ALL PRESIDENTS MAKE WE THE PEOPLE OBAMA PROMISED TO BRING OUR TROOPS HOME 8 YRS MORE DEAD SOLDIERS GET A GRIP CASEY
Like all of the rest of the left wing BS, you are full of it. I can't wait to vote you out as our Senator in PA.
You can easily top that number Bobby.
we the people are not dissatisfied with the Pres. work he has done more than OBAMA AND GOT MORE BETTER PROMISES TO KEEP THAN FIRST INITIATED
He has fixed some much in his first 100 days. You and the lame stream media can't tell the truty
When are u leaving the Democratic Party since your pro life stance is no longer welcome? That's right--you're pro life at election time only
I guess you are a single issue voter who cares only about the unborn. Here's a hint- NO ONE LIKES ABORTION BUT BANNING IT DOES NOT END IT.
Why do people believes Alex Jones or Brietbart?
@SenateDems And you all have done what, exactly?
A crap ton more than the idiot in the White House
Despite having to fight the media, and democrats, he has accomplished a lot. #CryBabies #Hypocrites #SoreLosers
True--Record low approval rating, failed Ocare repeal, failed Yemen raid, failed Mus ban, we're paying 4 wall. Tired of 'winning' yet?
And yet if the election was held today he'd still beat Hillary. What's that tell ya? Maybe it's you.
Senator Casey you have failed to do what is right for the American people. I'm  praying you will lose the next election .
Because you democrats don't vote the way he does.
Sounds like the title of a grunge album
what are you doing to harness that Presidential train wreck? Where is the oversight of the Presidency?? Nepotism? Emoluments?
It's better that some of these promises--like repeal of healthcare and the wall remain broken!
You do nothing but criticize What's your plan?
And you would be pretty much wrong, but, on the other foot- There is a crap ton to criticize!!
Only 1,366 days left! Pray we survive!
Yeah, like anybody listens to these talking heads. Blah blah blah.
Keep going Senator Bob, the Dem party of NO will suffer another embarrassing defeat!  @realDonaldTrump
Sorry fella but no. Republican are the world's biggest hypocrites and Dolt 45 has lied more than any other politician EVER. Bigly.
Just link the Antifa logo next to your avatar Bob. We get it, your a subversive.
You have done what exactly!? Nothing but try and block him every step of the way.. It's people like you who give me the shits
You're the ones had broke the promises! Hopefully you will be voted out and a non politician elected to work together and stop this BS
Yeah, we have an non-politician in the White House who is a proven liar- not working out so well.
your same thinking we'll bring term limits to hit you in the face come 2018
He's done more for middle America in 95 days than the previous POTUS did for us in the last eight years!
Promises I am happy to see broken mostly - there are more important places for $60mmm than a wall.
@SenateDems Stop the unproductive partisan bloviating and do your job.
Jack of all trades, master of none #trump100days
Nice hit piece. Only Unamerican fools would believe info from these Globalist networks. Drudge, Breitbart & Infowars is the only real News
well America, con men lie and there's a sucker born every minute
@SenateDems Is this guy on drugs. Needs to wake up
They're not broken promises till @POTUS quits working. Healthcare reform is complex. Give it time
What are Democrats going to do to get my vote back? bashing Trump 24/7 will not cut it.
Where do guys get off judging a President on 100 day? Especially with you as anchors on progress. You have done nothing in years yourselves.
He just 'says' to me that he wants to look like me.
I think he means it.
Illegal Criminal crackdown, New Supreme Court Justice, and job creation to name a few.
The first two are seen by the majority of American citizens AND experts to be failures, and the last one is just a lie. THAT is fake news.
Better then 8 years of shit
You're full of crap..Do all Democrats take a course on how to tell big lies? Our POTUS HAS DONE MORE GOOD  IN HIS 100 DAYS THAN THE LAST 3
Trump has done more to benefit America in 2.5 months than Obama did in 8 years. You are sounding more everyday like the socialist radicals.
Keep up the good fight, Mr. Casey. We need you more than ever.
New Washington Post poll shows 70% of Americans say Democrat Party is OUT OF TOUCH with their real concerns. This includes you, Sen. Casey!
Name them.
No wall 2 assuage T's ego.no tax reform until we see T's taxes,no legislation until outcome of Russian investigation.
Silly lil sheep still thinks Russia is a thing.
And a big reason his promises have been broken? Because senators like @SenBobCasey have stood up with us and said NO! Thank you, Senator.
Name the broken promises lil sheep
You're either lying or out of your ever-loving coconut. Don't make the mistake of thinking your constituents are as brainless as you are.
Well we have 12 years of your broken promises
#shutitdown  #resist  #StrikeAmerica  #GrabYourWallet  #stopspending  @slpng_giants  #resist  #russiagate  #trumprussia  #resist
Thank you Senator, Please vote NO Wall
More upset about the treason, myself.
Name the treason lil sheep.
