On the critically important issue of voting rights, I am deeply troubled by his record as a federal prosecutor and a U.S. Senator.
His vote against an amendment simply expressing that immigrants should not be banned from this country based on their religion is offensive.
then don't vote to confirm him.
for God's sake, he is not racist. When is it your turn again for re-election? NOT!
thank you for actually representing your constituents, as opposed to @SenToomey
And yet Obama's actions completely passed you by. Wow. Kind of a narrow range of vision. I think you fear the drained swamp.
I have reservations about you, sir, allowing an UNAFFORDABLE care program to remain. No choices, hi deductibles, hi premiums.
Do you ever,ever think on your own??
"...think of your own??" What? You mean "white folks?"
try reading "on"
What, precisely, concerns you? Surely you're not going along with racist Cory Booker or partisan hack Chuck Schumer!
I have significant concerns that you are playing politics and NOT working on behalf of you constituents.
we all do! Please vote no! --a concerned constituent
don't be concerned about the next AG save your concern for your looming loss.
I have significant concerns about you being a PA senator we spoke in November and will again when you're up for election again
Marching in lock-step with the (D)'s yet again.
thank you
that makes us even , we are concerned about having you as our Senator -- U pander to the PC police over and over disgraceful
senator Sessions would be great and you know it, quit drinking the juice
a leopard doesn't change their spots, I can't think of a worse candidate for AG. Please vote NO for Jeff Sessions
our concerns over Sessions is more than significant!! VOTE NO!
Then a No vote is needed
Thank you, senator. #RejectSessions
no one cares what you think.
Thank you. Ask tough questions. We need leaders with compassion and dedication to service~ not seeing these qualities for JS.
please vote no. Someone with Sessions' record should NOT be AG.
As we all should;please do what you can to block Mr. Sessions' nomination, as well as the others who are being steamrollered in
How bout you just flat out refuse to do your job like Republicans ? No? Too soon?
Vote against him. Fight for us!
Thank you for speaking out.
Please speak out. We'll support you.
feelings mutual. I have significant concerns about you as a US senator, but like you .. my opinion is outweighed by a majority
Me, too.
Thank you! Proud to have you as my Senator
Please ensure he and all nominees are fully vetted.
please vote to confirm Senator Sessions.  He is a good man & well qualified
block him, and every other pick as none are qualified. When you're done there, #ImpeachTrump
Don't let up!!!
After Lynch & Holder the bar is set very low. Sessions is a Patriot that will uphold our laws. We know that scares you. You are out 2018
I do too.
Please vote against Sessions.
Sessions attempt to rewrite his own personal history is troubling. He should not be confirmed.
Thank you.
Please keep voicing those concerns. As one of your constituents, I thank you.
Thank you for voicing your concerns, Senator. I urge you to also vote against his nomination.
Thank you for being on the right side of this fight!
light weight intellect pretending as as senator because your dad had the same last name,admit it,no Gov. Casey no Senator Casey
Thank you, Senator Casey.  Behind you 100%!
Please continue to voice them loudly.
Please vote no! He's not qualified whatsoever.
Thank you!
please vote "no" on Sessions
As do I. @SenBookerOffice @CoryBooker Testimony by Sen. Booker was the most credible testimony of the day for me.
.@SenBobCasey thank you for voicing your concerns. VERY proud to have you representing me in PA 
of course you do, he will enforce the law and democrats don't want the law enforced
I am proud to have you as my Senator.
Thank you, Senator Casey, for continuing to speak out and for taking a thoughtful approach to these nominations.
thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator!
thank you for speaking up for Pennsylvanians
Thank you for your efforts.  America needs your help so badly right now.
Thank you for continuing to speak out.
Thank you.  Speak out on our behalf
Yeah no shit
