A democrat fighting for transparency is hilarious.
Hilarious is right.  After you are a democrat.to @POTUS
Ask Pelosi why she told Republicans not to read the ACA bill, just sign it...
Thank you, sir.
Where was this in 2008?
If Obamacare was so great, why did Congressional Democrats exempt themselves from it? Why did Nancy Pelosi say "we'll have to pass it to see
Thx boo
You know what's in it and your lying about it for the "great narrative" Dems and media colluded together to deceive America.
transparency needs2 help ppl avert health hazards! We not liking CUMULATIVE CLOGGING BY INADEQUATE-WARNED #TRANSFATS
Thank you for standing up to them.
..unlike the way ObamaCare was first cooked up and jammed.
what is good for the goose is good for the gander! lol
You're for transparency?
then explain how you got a house from obama ? Omg your family even calls it Obama house 
Thx Senator !!!
Sen Casey, lead the Fight for affordable Health Care for All!  Thanks
Thank you Senator Casey
Oh good, associating yourself with an insane person.  Surely that will help your reelection chances.
Oh, like you Dems. Did ?
And Pennsylvania Ppl Ready To Vote You Out!  Not supporting tax and HC Reform. U need to b Drained from PA!
Thank you!! Please keep up the pressure. I'm almost certainly going to lose my health ins. and I'm terrified.
God speed sir!!
Thank you all for fighting for all Americans and a fair insurance/care system.
Thank you for your tireless work on important issues. @SenBobCasey, I am proud to be a constituent.
...just like Obamacare was. Wait, it wasn't.
We need to know the future of our healthcare. Tell Toomey.
You are a good one to talk.  Retire.
Why didn't you fight for a transparent process from 2009-2010? Your hypocrisy has no limits. We The People wish that both parties end the bs
Are you people this ignorant of the process of government?  The bill is being finalized, they will see it. Casey & Warren r grandstanding.
you guys lost the election, give it up, bobby.
More Political Self Serving legislation from Sen.Casey Vote No Pennsylvania People! Tax in this state is ridiculous! 1.63% local. Gross
Thank you. Please stop this #trumpcare madness. It feels like we're on a runaway train. This is #notnormal.
IMPEACH INCARCERATE  ILLEGITIMATE PENCE ADMINISTRATION GOP ELECTORAL COLLEGE  REPUBLICANS  OR RESIGN
Why didn't you do this for Obamacare? We deserved an open process back then too!
Thank you Bob Casey! Philadelphia loves you!
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for us
Well, we need to pass it first, so we can see what's in it! Sound familiar?
You double talking politician. Wasn't it pelosi that said of ACA, we need to pass it to see what's in it? Did you read that bill fully?
Thank you Sen Bob Casey! Hold the floor. We need more of you in Congress.
Yes, thank you and all the Democrats. We truly need you all now.
Thank you!
Just like you did on Obamacare
Thank you Senator!!
thank you both for speaking out about healthcare.
Thank you Senator!!! I'm your constituent and THIS is what I want and need to see! Grateful!!!!
Thanks for screwing the middle class making them pay for obama care bob 1/2 of our combined salaries goes for our health insurance in PA
@SenateDems @SenWarren thank you for your hard work
We are behind you all the way.
You follow Pocahontas what a putz
Go baby, GO!!! #HoldTheFloor
How come you did not do that when pushing Obamacare down our throats. You are a Hippocrates
Do not quit!
Thank you Senator Casey. I'm grateful.
Thank you.
Thank you @SenBobCasey for representing PA and doing the right thing. Can't say the same for @SenPatToomey
Wish we were able to have this much discussion before ACA was steamrolled into law.
Thank you!!!!
You need to listen to us @SenToomey
Keep at it!!
104 @GOP amendments in ACA .  No Dem amendments in AHCA
Thank you Senator! #CRIMINAL GOP
THANKS SENATOR CASEY AND YOUR FELLOW DEMOCRATIC SENATORS
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you. The GOP's secrecy should be illegal.
Thank you Senator Casey
Keep fighting the good fight!
WHAT A JOKE
Thank you for fighting the good fight, @SenBobCasey
#HoldTheFloor Saw you on the floor, Senator Casey ~ SO PROUD you're my senator!!  New Castle & Lawrence Co r with u!
PA is standing with you. Stay strong!
Thank you @Senbobcasey #HoldTheFloor
What is your plan @SenBobCasey ??? Continuing Obamacare!! Not a great strategy if you want to be re-elected in 2018 in PA!!
Could careless. Not wasting my time
Thank you @SenBobCasey for standing up for PA!  #HoldTheFloor
Thank you!
Proud that this guy is my senator
@SenBobCasey thank you for speaking on behalf of my family.
So glad you are my Senator!
Wish @SenToomey cared about our kids!
@SenToomey care more about ALEC than he does about our kids, unfortunately.
Thank you!
at least one Senator from Pennsylvania represents my interests.   #keepfighting4us
Thank you Senator!  They don't care about us!
Thank you Senator Casey.
Thank you and please reach across and let all know America deserves affordable healthcare.
Which corporations and finance sector organisations have spoken out on this issue?
"We will just have to pass the bill to see what's in it." How transparent was that?
Thank you.
Thank you Sir for standing up for all Americans.
Thank you. Keep fighting!
You did well, Bob Casey! Am proud of my home state Senator! You're your father's son alright!
Thank you guys for fighting for us
I listened to you and am proud to call you my senator.
Be proactive and prevent cost of goods rising by repealing Eld Mandate. It will not make roads safer. #NoElds #NoParking
Keep up the good fight! Know that it is much appreciated!
Love you guys. Thank you for fighting for us! 
Thank you for fighting the good fight!
Keep up the great work...transparency is essential!  Thank you!
batter up make it a good one
Please don't give up on this fight, Sen. Casey. this is much too important for all Americans. the scheming republicans are so very wrong!
Thank-you for helping to #HoldTheFloor.  I'm glad to have at least one respectable Senator.  @SenToomey is just in his boys' club.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Casey
Ha! Bullshit... NOTHING IN DC IS TRANSPARENT AND OPEN!  You have no idea how the public sees you. U r all just self-preservationists.
Thank you for standing up for what is right.
Love watching you stand up for PA and show us what it's like to listen to and take action on behalf of your constituents!
Go get 'em.
Fight like hell, Senators!!! We need you now more than ever!
@SenBobCasey Thank you for standing up for what is right. #respectfromWisconsin
Beautiful...very well said.  Thank you for representing our lives in PA
Keep fighting 4 all of us @SenBobCasey THANK U
Thank you
Thank you Senators for your unwavering support for what's right.   #HoldTheFloor
Thank you Senators for standing up for all of us!
Thank you!
thank you Senators.  We need you. #HoldtheFloor
Thank you both.
GO @SenBobCasey !!!!
As always, politics over the ppl. One and only Obama legacy policy that's still in place
Proud to have you represent us --Thank you Sen Casey!!!
Thank you, Senator Casey.
We trust you to hold the line, Senators.
thank you Senator
#HoldTheFloor
Thank you! Keep fighting! #ShowUsTheBill
Thank you. It's a shame a we're not approaching such an important change with a more conventional method of governing.
PS: Could you pass ^^^ this along to @SenToomey on my behalf? I'm having trouble reaching him at either his local or DC office. #Straight2VM
Thank you for fighting for health care for the people who need it the most. We appreciate all that you do!
@SenWarren is a tough act to follow but keep up the momentum #TheResistance
As long as you've been our Senator, you've done the right thing. Thank you for representing us all to the best of your abilities. #respect
Thank you to my Senator!
Thank you, Senator Casey, for fighting for our healthcare!
Thank you Senator! This gives me hope! #HoldTheFloor
Thank You!
THIS IS THE FIGHT. All or nothing. Please do everything in your power to stifle this law from passing. Thank you!
Fight for my daughter, and preemies everywhere. No insurance caps!
THANK YOU!!!!
Thanks for doing your part to halt ACA repeal! Way to stand up for not just Pennsylvanias but also all Americans!
Thank you Senator!
I don't have fb, but make us proud!
You have a tv? Watch on cspan-2. Live now. 
