Casey has one less vote now.
No worries, he protects the weakest. Instead of being mad at the broken system and business who take advantage of them. You pick on the weak
I bey he got a few more votes for his leadership, vote for people that will tax your 401k for corporation taxcuts
You probably voted for 3 x adulterous bankrupt president, who lies every time he opens his mouth
I rather have someone that doesn't punish the child for the parents actions. The government failed to pass the law
2 #Dreamers died saving people in Houston
Their are troops that are #DACA kids fighting for you!
So you can be hateful and blame the weakest in our society. They are as American as you. But that doesn't make you a good person
Cant support a law thats illegal. Thats up to congress to make it legal
They tried. @gop senate filibuster. But love how you guys go after the weakest among us.
@SenBobCasey is a most compassionate senator. Shame on you...these are kids.
No need for name calling. DACAs are teachers, military, policeman, etc that were brought as kids and now contribute.
. How did these ilegal children get into our schools without a social security number?
It's really is true. Fox viewers know less then watching no news
Right, just & constitutional - enough liberal BS
Yea but the Muslim ban got sally Yates fired. Bet you were mad at her. Love how a broken immigration system and business who hire don't get
Bashed on them the weakest of them.
Well Bobby, u allowed this mess to continue. Don't blame Trump for your inability to function. U r lazy and only chirp when election comes
They want the votes
Well they're not citizens, sir. That is not wrong, immoral or insulting. Next argument
If there are 'immoral and insulting' ones they are the law makers themselves from the Legislative Branch. Too bad none have mirrors.
Dems race baiting every opinion is the very reason they will not be getting reelected. No message besides hate is true racism.
Citizenone is a bot. The race baiting deflection was dead giveaway.
The ones who are wrong, immoral & insulting are those who accept lawlessness as a way to live which includes the Democrats, you are useless.
Don't blame The President Casey--UR the guy in the business of changing laws-stop stuffing UR pockets, flapping UR gums & get REAL reform 
I wouldnt consider him a morale aughority. Perhaps him AND Jesse Jackson need to study the Bible a little more
You forgot unconstitutional.  Congress should fix this.  Do something to earn your damn paychecks for once!
What did you say about the Muslim ban ? Trans ban? How about trump enriching himself? Or even lying about his lies about Russia ? Oh I see
Send Casey can take a lead role & push legislation to make this right. Does he have the guts to do so or is he's just another empty shirt?
See you at the ballot box. One last time. Goodbye Bob.
So grateful for my Senator! Thank you @SenBobCasey! #DefendDACA
And one Democrats defending illegal aliens over legal Americans. This is not going to go over this time. People are not stupid
... he's said the same thing about his ol-lady on several occasions... butt, he's still with her. ;)
Thank you @SenBobCasey . My favorite senator
that your opinion not ours. The parents are to blame not the American people.
when I registered my child I had to show proof of a s s number and birth certificate????
I can't wait to vote Casey out!
Wrong immorality and insulting for Congress to do its job? And they wonder why everyone hates them!
'Wrong, Immoral and Insulting': @SenBobCasey Rips @realDonaldTrump's #DACA Move on #LaborDay
http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/09/04/donald-trump-ends-daca-illegal-immigration-democrat-blasts-potus …
Casey is just a loud mouth liberal clown. Another crook who took money to get elected. This will not happen again. Casey your gone.
Your soap box has a few loose boards. DACA has been turned over to YOU to do somthing with. Now YOU have to do some work for the people.
DACA stands to rob jobs rightfully belong to citizens causing joblessness leading social ills.
Full employment. Under obama policy.. that's just hate in your heart
SPARE ME YOUR MORAL OUTRAGE. WHAT IS INSULTING IS THE CRAP YOU SHOVE DOWN THE THROATS OF AMERICANS BY OCRAP CARE TAXES,NO HELP FOR TUITION.
Nothing immoral about enforcing the laws of the land. Obama and Congress is responsible for the problem. You are responsible as a senator.
I guess it's a good thing we didn't elect him president or we might actually have to give a shit what he thinks
What do we owe these kids? Their parents broke the law. Send them ALL back!
Does Casey know what the word illegal means?
Your a fool
Too Dem? Never heard of him.
They desperate for their cheap/slave like labor voting base. Embracing illegals while others wait in line the legal way!
Instead of governing by exec order, maybe you can pass legislation.
Ahole, period!
Bless your rotten heart
Another one whoring himself for votes instead of doing what's right.
Someone needs to re-read the #USConstitution
Tell ya what, take it to court and see what happens.
Immoral that you care more about foreign lawbreakers than American Citizens. Don't like our tax laws, does that mean I can just ignore them?
Fine. You support them all with your own money. Don't tax me on this.
Yes you are senator yet you still get paid, takes 5 weeks off to talk to constituents the election was 6 months ago short term memory issues
Then Mr Senater why in 5 years did you do nothing to change the imigration law the shame is on you, legislate or go home stop compaining
@TheDemocrats @GOP @CNNPolitics Sounds like he's referring to HillBillary & Tom Perez with "wrong, immoral, and insulting".
I think it's immoral n wrong to take 5 weeks off with so much work that needs to be done.
Opportunist, hypocrite, glory seeking! It's all about the votes and preventing Donald Trump from keeping a campaign promise!
Issue green card & allow them to fall in line to apply for citizenship. If too you to hold job check living conditions, If working let stay
So ignoring the Federal law is O.K.  Just stop the implementation of DACA. Review current DACA immigrants. If they have jobs let them stay.
Wanna hear "wrong"? an elderly AMERICAN being unable to make ends meet but an illegal walks across border & is HANDED EVERYTHING! That's BS!
The first thing that this Democrat did and said he wouldn't do he raised taxes
Sen. Bob Casey is getting voted out by the great people of Pennsylvania...no doubt about it.
Daca is unconstitutional Bob. Feelings doesn't get things done. Our compassion goes only so far.
Profits off the presidency , not an issue for him.
Another democrat pulling against American workers and violating the Constitution.
We're not the worlds caretaker Bob. Our taxes should go to better use. Americans our forefathers made this country not Mexico or dreamers.
No wrong/immoral is the amnesty you as well as all the other liberal dems handed out w/Obama circumventing constitution responsibly required
Cant blame Trump blame big ears he did not do it right.
What is 'wrong, immoral & insulting' is YOU supporting illegals instead of speaking out for AMERICAN children who have needs not being met.
Yea bob assy you are very immoral and insulting how can you even think it is ok to come to the United States illegally and think it is ok
Sending illegal aliens back to their country of origin is following the LAW. Not an order Obama pulled out of his rear end.
Its Unconstitutional! We need to STOP taking care of everybody in the world.
#AmericaFirst
Oh sure trump muslim ban , trans ban , pardoning a criminal? Yea that's just hate your heart. We don't punish kids for parents actions
Maybe if congress stopped working for lobbiests money theyd have time to do their real job, make laws. Immigration is broken & congress too!
Wow, he is letting u and congress to fix it! What? U dont want to do ur job? How many yrs has congress had to fix immigration? So sad

Do your job Casey! This wasn't President Trumps problem!
Duh, Surprise!!
Those 3 words describe the demoncrats perfectly
what is "Wrong, Immoral & Insulting" is U.S. senators helping Immigrants more than they help Americans @SenBobCasey
How does this not help Americans? #DREAMERS pay taxes and pay into SS, even tho they are ineligible to collect. Literally goes to Americans
they also are a extra on our economy not mention they also are extra crime (gang members, antifa members and more) America 1st look it up
Maybe you should go back to watching basketball and leave political discussions to the grown ups.
Wrong Again #SenBobCaseyJr - He is going to let #Congress make that decision - Remember they never had the chance :-)
SenBob,you are the 1%super richstop using your wording cut our hearts watching our kids die of drug abuse,you are the True terrorist
That's ridiculously stupid. He's not in the 1%. Everything you've said is a lie.
I think he knows what day it is, do you?
Democrats using slave labors in Farming/tech/servicing then stuff their families needs flips on Americans households ,gangs/drugs,disgusting

Immoral to break the law in the first place by Obama.
@SenBobCasey ! Our only Senator willing to actually take a public stand on issues.
He will be voted out for sure
Hey Bob , Stop pandering to your feel good crowd. Instead tell the Dreamers to talk to their parents who put them in this situation
foryour woninsults why dont you move to latinospublichousing why dont you try our schools with 70%illegals noone can speakenglish

There's not a more useless Senator in D.C.  than Bob the pretender. @PAGOP
SenBob,you are insulting us whom voted 4 trump so your own district,how much wasted 4so call Dreamers more &more thenour schools lower lower
Another badass move by a politician who isn't afraid of trump. Good on you PA! 
@SenBobCasey You don't get it. Obama bypassed Congress on DACA. Right thing to do is to end DACA and give Congress 6 months to fix.
Senator Casey is correct. Trump's only reason for doing this is to pander to his ever dwindling base.
Yes Sen Casey you are!
Cool  we can all just pick and choose laws to follow equal right bob ? Jack ass
Ummm, no.
Send them back if they want to be American then they can go through the legal process.
Taxpayers paying for Illegals? Who asked them? Congress?USA is the most generous country of the world,illegals take ADVANTAGE
Right
Vote these guys out!!!
Top Dem ? Omg  that's funny   I'm gonna miss him after 2018
What about the House getting rid of ethics panel? GOP IS DEPLORABLE BIGLY
Thanks, Senator. Not retweeting this garbage network, tho.
Funny when a fan of partial birth abortion calls someone "immoral".
Bet his constituents appreciate his preference to give DACA kids jobs over AMERICAN kids.
How Christian of you to say.
@SenBobCasey you didn't do something about it when Obama signed off on this illegally 5 yrs to fix #congress did nothing #now it matters
Shut up..THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP 
Wrong again, Bob
Obama wrote a law-that was wrong
Now, #Trump has to right that wrong & have Congress write the law per the constitution
Whatever, racist.
Trump is Violent, irrational, intolerant, allied to racism, cronyism and bigotry, invested in ignorance and hostile to free inquiry.
Bobby, You're out of your mind! DACA is scam against those patiently waiting in line to legally enter the country. Enough false compassion!
Maybe next time left can win on all their great policy issues Oh, I forgot they don't have any policy issues except hate, racism bigotry Sad
Who do the Nazis support? Oh, that's right. @realDonaldTrump is their man. Take your baseless attacks and go play in Breitbart land.
Here's another guy with a lot of policy issues. Oh, sorry just more hate, racism and bigotry. However he does know how to say hitler
It's Congress's responsibility there Slick. Try actually doing something other than talk.
First Senator, is it constitutional?  #notbyalongshot
Have you?

It was wrong, Immoral and Insulting to Americans to let them in in the first place!  When will the Dems start support AMERICANS?!
Don't blame President for this blame the parents for coming here illegal breaking the law and obama for going behind congress backs.
Ok sure , broken immigration policies.. business hire them. But you disgusting human pick the weakest to bash on.
Blocked? Is it something I said @preacher2584
