Go gettem!!!
Watching  you on c-span
Get lost..
Ok, Greg, I am gone...
Thank you! @SenBobCasey
Thank you Senator Casey
Why dont you show us what your plan would be like cause Obama care sucks
thank you !
THANK YOU Senator. We appreciate your efforts.
Thank you.
You said nothing when ACA costs rose. Why all of the sudden are you saying anything? Oh that's right you're in a tight political race. Ok.
Thank you for all you are doing to stop this disastrous bill!
Thank you push them to fix the ACA 51% approval they can call it whatever they want
Thank you Senator! Tried contacting @SenToomey by phone again- won't answer, voicemail full. Sent yet another email about BHCA disaster.
You're a good man, @SenBobCasey ...thank you and ALL that stand by the American people!
Senator thank you for your fight. I grew up outside of Scranton, now in SF. Your are a breath of fresh air in PA politics.
Or don't watch at all....
Thank you from Wv
Thank you @SenBobCasey for your dedication and service to All Pennsylvanians- your sense of commitment is much valued & will be remembered!
On behalf of my daughter with Autism, thank you.  GOP has lost its heart & soul
maybe you can convince Pat Toomey to vote your way? You probably don't have enough money to buy him! Has to be around 6 figures
Thank you from 17701
I held my nose the 1st time I voted 4 you bc I thought you were anti-choice. But you are pro-life in the truest & best sense. Thank you!
Thank you for all your efforts!!
Should have done this before the first disaster of a health care bill. Did you read it after you voted?
More fake news
Thank you senator. We're with you. #holdthefloor
Thank u senator
Whatever it is I'm against it. People of Pa My platform is hate Trump and hate Republicans. Simple huh no ideas needed. Retire Bob
Thank You! We will continue to fight with you!
Thanks Senator Casey
GO @SenBobCasey GO
disgraceful......
You should've done that 8 years ago
Thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator for doing what is right for the people of Pennsylvania!
please talk about how to fix the ACA, too. We all want better healthcare. and thank you!!
Thank you so much 
Thank you Senator Casey.  Please do your best to convince @SenToomey this bill is disastrous for all people. We can do better than this!
Thank you!
Thank you for caring about your constituents
Thank you Senator Casey!  I am proud of you and thankful for you!  Please keep up the good fight!
These fools are lying to you. You will see how we the people feel when we send all Democlowns to the unemployment line.
Thank you Senator Casey!
Where was you when you approved o boob hu care and didn't know what was in it. Just money in rich Democlowns pockets
Thank you for truly working for us. I appreciate it.
Your passion and compassion on this issue are greatly appreciated by many !
Call out @SenToomey - tell him I want to swap health care plans with him.
Will you be there @SenToomey? I am sure someone can help point your moral compass to the Senate floor or at least make sure you have C-SPAN
Alas @SenToomey has no moral compass. There is no depth he won't sink to, to add to his coffer. Keep calling; keep writing- sigh.
I'm so thankful that there's no amt of money that dems would accept to put millions of lives at risk. Wish the same cld be said of R's.
Thank you Senator!
You're FINALLY calling out Obamacare for the disaster that it is!!! Never thought you'd humble yourself, Senator! #truth
Thank you, Senator!! Also TY for the informative tweets. You rock!!
Give em HELL!
@SenBobCasey: again I thank you for your continued support for your constituents. Wish your colleagues across the aisle would do the same.
Thank you for standing up for the citizens of Pennsylvania!
Thank You Senator. Glad PA has ONE representative who actually represents the people.
Keep up the good fight Sen. Bob; Americans are counting on people with integrity like you to stand up and be our voices.
Go get 'Em
Thank you Senator!!! Keep fighting for us!
Thank you, sir.
would be nice if you could read this: Lesson fr Hospital Bed: For-Profit Health Care Is Merciless http://bit.ly/2teyOnL  via @BillMoyersHQ
Thank you for standing up for the people!!!
Even if this bill fails; @gop will do everything to ensure ACA fails.  
FIGHT FOR SINGLE PAYER FOR ALL, NOW.
@TheDemocrats can win with this
Thank you Senator!!!
Thank you Senator, please save us from this!
Thank you!
Thank you @SenBobCasey #Philly
Dems should be proposing amendments to the current law NOW. Please draft an alternate bill.
Keep fighting, Senator. I'm proud that you represent me--and Pennsylvanians just like me.
How does it feel to condemn AMERICA and lie to yourself. Send all Democlowns to the unemployment line.
ACA  was  a disaster  and still  a disaster
thanks for the warning
