I'm just gonna say it. I don't think this repeal-and-replace thing is going well.
..The ppl wanted lower premiums & deductibles...they didn't want benefits taken away  @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @GOP
the people want that, why they electing Republicans?
....I dont believe people knew this would happen.....blind trust...♡♡♡
if they didn't know they didn't want to know. This is, standard political jokes aside, exactly what they promised. Back B4 ACA.
.....Seriously....u r saying ppl knew they would have their benefits taken away ? & that's what they wanted.....?
that's what GOP  promised. Repeal Obamacare. Unless these voters were born in 2010 they were here before.
They clapped & voted.
.......Are you forgetting REPLACE......?....come on,  they wanted it replaced with something better
remember: over 50 votes since 2010 for straight repeal. Zero so far for replace. So... ??
go figure, who knew!? other than....  you, me , him, her, them......   @realDonaldTrump @POTUS @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @SenToomey
Stop dishonestly portraying this as a tax cut for the rich. Obamacare is a major burden on middle class.
do read? ACA puts the tax load on millionaires. The shit plan puts that load on the middle class
Not true. Unintended consequence is the real financial burden placed upon middle class.
completely true. Read. Don't watch FOX.
I read. And I live with the reality of the failure of Obamacare, personally.
then you are in the minority. Sorry. But more benefit from it
Not so sure I'm in the minority. If so,I won't be forever.Entire states will be losing coverage soon
Repeal the whole thing. Remove ALL coverage mandates. Let consumers decide what they want. Remove pharma co. protection.
A brilliant idea except for those too poor to pay for it. You missed Fearless Leader explaining the complications
And those who can afford Obamacare? Which mandates Everything.
TrumpDoesn'tCare is a "plan" that increases the burden on middle class people, removes all burden for the rich. Period
And exactly how does it remove all burden from the rich? A typical class warfare, pointless talking point.
Are you saying that the top one percent deserve more tax breaks that someone earning less than 100k!

I am praying holding my breath that Trumpcare will go down in flames.
it's wrong. Just wrong.
TY for following in yr dad's footsteps & caring abt people. Yr dad would be proud.
Sen. Casey you are soooo out in left field on this. All your lies will not change the course of Trump. Your out in 2018 pal.
@HouseDemocrats Please continue to vote NO on the healthcare bill which robs Americans of needed health insurance!!

@Rosie Single Payer.  Let everyone buy Medicare and Gap coverage if they want more.  Give Medicare to the poorest.  Negotiate
Trump lost because in eight years the right wrote nothing.  Ryan's a liar in every way. #failtothechief  #45traitor
Thank you for fighting the repeal and protecting ALL Americans!
"Tax cut for the rich?" A payroll tax applied to investment income? It's not repeal if the tax stayed. It's not a new tax cut!!
@Rosie @ezraklein who knew????
STOP GORSUCH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thank you for your efforts! 17331
@VeganGizmo - problem is everyone making incredible assumptions without knowing all the detail...??  MSM fail again.! @CNN
@aelise13 Yep ! Desperate now !
YES, VERY UNPOPULAR with Americans who care about others
Very unpopular. Thank you for standing up to it!
thank you for standing up for us!!
Thank you, Senator Casey for fighting for our health care coverage!
@DameJEMarshall Ironic.
absolutely not that's Paul Ryan for you
that's what the Republicans do take from the poor and give to the rich
@RogueED @ezraklein As it turns out, billionaires don't count for that many individual votes.
@ezraklein ...Don't let them tax the seniors. We paid our dues and will hold feet to the fire if we get screwed by the Repubs!
It is hugely unpopular. Thanks you for working for us.
@RogueED Please spread the word... People are pissed.
please! Don't vote for trumpcare !
but, but we have to pass the new one to find out what's in it
Clever talking point but wrong. FULL repeal is needed. Have you listened to your constituents suffering under Ocare? Very sad.
as it should be
@bethbrookfield
Time for a sequel? SAD!

#FakeBook #TheResistance 
I think like 1% of 1% of the 1% may really like it...
@Rosie turns out giving away an unsustainable entitlement and then washing your hands of the disaster is easy....
I guess in your mind all the middle class people who are paying a 1000.00 a month or more are rich.  you are a joke
Golly, whooda-thunkit?
you know obamacare hurts working families.   Costs are skyrocketing.  Be an adult and work together for a solution...
They have already made changes to the ACA to cause it to collapse.  Ins. co are pulling out.  we are all screwed.
Keep fighting the good fight...we need more with your values
Thank you so much, @SenBobCasey! Thank you of your strength and clarity of thinking! #15221
Gloating? Grow up, Bobby and work for Americans - for once!
please tell me how its a tax cut. Are u that dumb that u cant see what ACA does to the middle class
what do you plan to do for the millions of Americans that have high premium/deductible insurance they cannot afford to use.
but so many of the GOP are driven by greed, they don't care who gets hurt as long as they get theirs. Hope some will step up.
sir that's funny I don't care who you are. But they didn't care about ppl they wanted it all gone that's the truth
would you prefer to have millions march to Washington & demand impeachment of all of you? Obama a rotten criminal, murderer
thats because we want full repeal, no replacement
I live in Zelienople and I won't vote for you because of your filibuster. Winds are changing!
FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE INSTEAD OF YOURSELF & PARTY! We are exhausted from the corruption between Repubs & Dems
OBAMACARE was a mess from the beginning. thousands left PA to vote for Trump. YOU GET ON BOARD & DO THE RIGHT THING
Bobby to keep my doctor under Obamacare it would be 48% in tax called the Cadillac tax out of my paycheck. Your a joke Bobby
You're wrong Bobby Obamacare took from the working  class and the rich could afford it. Obamacare we had no choices.
If the republicans told you a wall would keep Mexicans out you'd buy that shit too! BTW 40% of illegals FYI in
Hardliners not voting for AHCA because it doesn't go far enough. Don't kid yourself. Budget before benevolence.
from the department of the obvious
left a msg r u. Thank you for plan to vote no Gorsuch! And ty for standing up RE:healthcare. My life depends on it!
yep let's keep playing class warfare. The sure way to lose the rest of your seats. All u know to do is divide ppl in groups.
drug testing for Medicaid recipients..that'll cure the opiate addiction
and I do not speak from ignorance I am a clinician doing assessments and pre-Certs for rehab
Keep standing for right! No vote / appointments until investigation Bears out what we all kno..
Why don't you jump in and help? Your plan is failing working people in PA.
cheering on the prospect of everyone being stuck with the failing Obamacare. Do nothing, hack job Bob strikes again. loser!
Thank you for communicating with your constituents and for all your hard work.
@Rosie why don't you put forth a bipartisan program including a Medicare buy in and no mandates
who would have guessed?
#KILLTHEBILL
keep up the GREAT work resisting what Republicans want to do to line CEO pockets of healthcare companies & the wealthy!
:terrible billif Repubs had spent as much time in the last 7 yrs working on a good bill instead of bashing ACA it would be ok
Thank you for thinking of the poor & disabled Senator. We need someone in our corner.
@PaulBegala Who wud hv thot!?
Who knew? Apparently everyone but Trump, Ryan and a few of their zealots.
Incredibly dishonest statement Where is your compassion for those with 10K deductibles or can't buy $400mo drug & suffers
lying again senator? Just another partisan hack.
@Rosie Why should low & middle income taxpayers pay for a tax credit for the rich?? They should pay more of their share!!!
Please do not vote for this.
@Rosie Quelled suprise.
you don't even know what it is yet
"How can we kill more poor people? " shouts the Freedom Caucus
I am going to say, thank you to all that vote NO, the poor, elderly, children and addicted & Disabled need coverage
and lets not forget the Vets
they deserve FREE lifetime care.
@PaulBegala Guess that's stating the obvious.
It is clear Republicans don't believe health insurance is a right. Their only objective is to make the rich richer.
Wait until you see how popular it is with the voters!
We're not wealthy enough to benefit from anything the Trump administration is doing. None of us are.
Impeach Trump and stop a lot of things C'mon it's easy
Weird. 
Why do the wealthy need a tax cut?
@Rosie Hmmm ....I was just getting use to the idea of a life time of servitude.
Bob, tell your voters the future of ACA if left unchanged, sustainable?CBO predicted how many in the ACA exchanges?Goal was Single payer Bob
no leaving 1 ounce of Obamacare in a bill is not repeal. Illegals & anchor still covered @SpeakerRyan @POTUS #premiumrelief now
@Rosie @ezraklein anyone who votes for this health bill and takes cares away from poor,sick,kids,elderly should be voted out
thanks for actually listening to your constituents
thank you for standing up for us.
Who could have possibly anticipated THAT?
How the heck did the GOP not see this whole effort as hugging a 5,000 volt third rail? Utterly baffling.
"Who knew it was complicated?"
@Leta_says who'd'a thunk it?
BECAUSE YOU HAVE TO BE A GOD DAMNED GENIUS TO FIGURE THAT OUT - STOP TOYING WITH PEOPLE'S LIVE FFS!
I am so appreciative to have folks like you resisting the disastrous Trump agenda. #ResistTrumpCare - Congress is listening
What isv your source for this claim? The CBO report? Tell them why people would drop coverage Bob. What does CBO site as reason?
Let it die. Walk away.
@PaulBegala "YA THINK"?
..go figure, huh?
They should have started by negating a bunch of the expensive reporting regulations that are killing private practices.
I'm going to say it. Keep what we have and fix it 
Thank You
I’m afraid I have to disagree with you. It’s only unpopular, been delayed, b/c it does not hurt Americans enough.
If the GOP are smart and work for their constituents their vote would be NO.
@ezraklein The only people for this are ones not affected by it.
it's time for single payer system time and again the system we have doesn't work
@ezraklein I'm sorry, Republicans are just dumbasses.
Meanwhile, old magician's trick: with the other hand-ISP privacy rules rolled back. GOP is demented.
@MaryMack27 Thank
@All100Senators You think???! @RepMikeCoffman @RepDLamborn @RepTipton @RepKenBuck @SenCoryGardner Are you listening to CO????
And very complicated unless you are a heartless and mindless invertebrate… Those are essential body parts.

TY for your efforts
GO AHEAD AND TRY TO TAKE THE TIT AWAY FROM A BABY, YOU WILL GET SLAPPED, BITTEN,
We know. As with "If you like your plan, you can keep your plan". Don't worry, Bob. We have long memories and we vote @SenBobCasey
HEY BOBBY BOY, EVEN THE DEMS WOULD HAVE HARD TIME , AFTER ALL, ALL YOU DEMS DID WAS GET MILLIONS OF AMERICANS TO SUCK ON OUR
Now impeach the bastard!
Thank you for always being on the side of your constituents, and what is best for us.
Who knew it was so complicated?
Ha!  Apparently everyone except for the Orange Clown
enjoy your last 1.5 years!
especially when the American supporting you tend to be the oldest and most susceptible to health issues (had to say it)
