when it collapes what are you going to do? Big talker you are you couldn't fix a hangnail
can we finally get serious and acknowledge that US is under attack and the Trump admin is colluding with the enemy?
Because if we did that we wouldn't be getting serious. Well maybe seriously stupid. That's why we're not doing that.
Sir, the @houseGOP are irrational, do not care about the dignity of our nation or the well-being of her people.
Do not submit.
as a social worker for past 25 yrs i can tell you nothing works with Obamacare its a disgrace for People
Did you reach across the aisle? Did Chuck Schumer give you permission?  Of course not you're a lap dog.
@SenToomey @RepBrianFitz please, let's work together, fix what's wrong and make it great for the majority, please
All will be for nought if President Trump's Executive Order re: ACA remains in place.
@ReadingPA @HouseGOP Get the government out of my business. Read the 10th Amendment.
2000000+ people w/o ins many to die appeals to your conscience you can sleep with that
I can sleep with that. Can you sleep with the millions that were forced off their plans?
you would want me to watch my disabled child to die in front of me yes that's right killing
When will you and others in Congress going to use the plan you love so much? When you are stuck with Obamacare maybe than you can go to work
They are obsessed with appearance. Must get rid of "Obama"-care. Because Obama.
... thank you ... can you take the lead in this effort!  Someone has to be the grownup in the room!
Not listening to the will of the American people which is repeal and replace.  Time for ACA and you to go.
no way Bobby, no way ,keep those talking points, you will need them again
@WhatsPatUpTo @HouseGOP a smart politician be careful trump doesn't want smart ones around
@PaulBegala @HouseGOP Finally something that actually makes sense!
@eki123 @HouseGOP fix issues like having insurers be reasonable. More customers makes more profits.
At last!  You admit parts of ACA are not working!
answer should be bipartisan solution to fix problems
I agree.  But if there were earlier admission ACA had flaws,  maybe could've been fixed.
Can you find a way that I don't pay $261 per week with a $12,700 deductible?? Otherwise I'm paying for everyone else!
Probably not; he is for obstructing unless he can keep the present ACA in place. No understanding that millions are losing because of ACA.
@Nan_Shea @HouseGOP I question whether Republican's want to just let it crash and will refuse to improve it.
Why would it crash? Oh yeah, because it was a really bad plan to begin with.
Can you finally agree to work with a repeal and replace in order to get something better? Is obstruction the only thing you can do?
@rebequewest @HouseGOP  #WeThePeople will settle for nothing less than fully funded full coverage Healthcare for All. #FedUp!
yes repeal obamacare and give us single payer! Be brave!
If you could why did you not?
why not start now!!!
@rgrikard @HouseGOP YES PLEASE! 
@PaulBegala @HouseGOP are you sure Tom Price isn't looking at the ACA with a butchers knife and a smile
@PaulBegala @HouseGOP No. Don't you know by now that "no compromise" and destruction are the primary to this GOP?
repeal Casey
bipartisan solution to correct the areas that ACA could be improved
Yes, please.

Let's hope so.  If it's edited to work better, Trump will want it called AHCA/Trumpcare.
We want Single Payer
ACA is perfect healthcare law. Wait and see.
Now the Democrats need to state specific improvements.
in other words we screwed this up with #obamacare but we're too arrogant to admit it
@ramsey @HouseGOP Why don't you #repealobamacare and just make it legal to buy ins #AcrossStateLines? We need less govt.
“Repeal,” to me, seems more a rally cry to polarize and activate the base, not an actual issue the GOP wished to address.
They could keep ACA in place and vote to allow ins companies to sell across state lines, but that competition would hurt them.
Improve #ACA Add small business pools, increase competition among insurers to decrease premiums. Import safe drugs.
what in the hell have u and the other dems been up to besides bitching and moaning ..worthless as tits on a boar hog
@CNNPolitics dems will be ready to cooperate in 2018 after they lose more seats
what's not working is that we need single payer healthcare like all other sensible countries
now that's the right attitude! This is about health care for everyone not just a select a 400 :-)
The time is NOW. Country over politics and most importantly, over slap dash plays to get a "win". Not helpful
All of us want the answer too!  Why, why, why?  Americans are sick of this behavior!
until we look at cost we will never have a long term solution.
THANK YOU!  That is how government was intended to work and what most Americans would like to see from our govt.
let's find out Russia ties first. Then worry about trumpcare. Sessions shall resign.
@LarrySc24132120 @HouseGOP lol
This is probably the most constructive comment about this subject today. Good on you Bob.
leader with reason. Thank you!  @HouseGOP we will continue calling our #GOP senators, asking them the same. Support #Obamacare
Absolutely. Let's talk about making things better, not death spirals.
I don't think they can. Listen to the disgusting talk from Lindsey Graham
or we could just repeal it all together. Let's try that. Shall we?
I have faith you can, Senator. But I question this Pres willingness to work for the people. I fear he wants to watch it crash.
You are a good man Bob Casey. Proud to be from PA.
AMEN!
@LeslieLee327 @HouseGOP Ok Bob. Don't live in Pa. Anymore but MAKE THAT HAPPEN! Cuz this is an you all.
IT IS YOUR YEAH VOTE FOR OBAMACARE that has put the country in this position. Now you want us to bail YOU out. @HouseGOP
no repeal! It isnt working. Why cant you see that. Its plain as day.
We can hope but it sounds like they're still incapable of governing.
Thank you Sen. Bob Casey.
Yes fix it don't nix it. Why wasn't  amending the ACA an option before? Single payer; end For Profit HC, reign in big Pharm. Tell Toomey
you own what doesn't work & continues to hurt PA people; my healthcare increases as well as deductable
@DavidMPaine @HouseGOP  I vote to let #ACA fail. That's the path it's on anyway.
don't trust them.
Forget it, Bob, it's GOPtown. Seriously forget those lying cheating treasonous jackasses.
none of it works for me, my rates damn near doubled but U taxocrats don't care about anybody but yourselves!!!!
can I work for you?
fed ees plan for all citizens paid by flat % tax on all residents. Police, fire and military exempt from tax.
No, because making it "explode" suits their narrative, not fixing it.
This is the most intelligent thing anyone in Washington has said in weeks.
now we are talking
Let's replace you with Rick Saccone in 2018
so what's the plan to control cost of drugs and procedures which in turn will drive down the cost of insurance?
logic? The GOP is allergic, but at least the #ACA covers their needed prescriptions.
it's time to propose a bill to strengthen ACA & show the GOP how to govern. POTUS is blaming the Democrats anyway. #HighRoad
Yes that's the way to go Bob u r on the right track let's get it done
please help the Dems draft new legislation to fix the problems @HouseGOP
I want to be an optimist, I want to be an optimist
,,,, thank you, thank you, thank you. A  voice of reason.
Hey Bob. Approve Gorsuch!!!!
please urge Dems to come up with real proposals to fix ACA. Single payer is pipe dream - need better ideas.
GOP DOESN't know how to fix, just oppose.
@BleedingBlueKC @HouseGOP :
ACA? AHCA? Need to rein in the evil Triad of Industries->healthcare providers + drug companies + insurance companies!
These are the real root of unaffordable healthcare!
YES!YES!YES!YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES
nope. Democrats go down with obamacare. It stays until bankrupt. You had your chance and blew it. Now live with it.
You guys rolled this out with no republicans involved. I really don't care if it's repealed I do care about taxes.
please do. Fix, repair,  don't destroy - to many lives at stake
Medicare for all Bob!
@FxgFx @HouseGOP   Exactly! Thank you!
Yes
Exactly- all sides working together! 
Thank you Sen. Casey. #RealPA
Thank you, Senator Casey for working toward a bipartisan solution to our healthcare woes. We are better together!
Not when you and other Democratic congressman will say NO to everything GOP sends your way like toddlers
Bob you had 2 weeks to say something constructive to improve the bill. Instead you whined like a snowflake. Just pack up your office n leave
one could only hope
tell me why would anyone work with you in a bipartisan way after your tweets this week?
@PADems @HouseGOP not let's take back the house and Senate with real @TheDemocrats
@DavidMPaine @HouseGOP Exactly ! Right-on !
yes please...tweak what needs tweaking. Iterate and Improve!
Well, that would make sense & have the potential to help millions more people. Wouldn't hold my breath.
where was this bipartisan when Dems rammed it thru?
Republican amendments were added as it went through.
that's bipartisanship to you?
Yeah, that's how it works.
republicans offered 788 amendments, bipartisan democrats blocked all but 2
that's how it worked
Yeah, about as bipartisan as a bill like ACA was ever going to get.
YES.  And with deliberation and transparency. Involve those most affected by legislation changes.
if you couldn't agree on medical issues how u gonna agree on anything else
YES. THANK YOU. Sheesh. Let's live in the house while doing repairs & not burn it down & be homeless just to rebuild. Common sense. #AHCA
no abortion no birth control no prenatal no delivery no baby coverage yet ED coverage please give the AHCA to me!
What a novel idea!
THAT is the SANE and PRAGMATIC approach!! Why not save time AND MONEY!
Expnd subsd's; expnd  Medic'd - 50 states; NEGOTIATE pharma prices; FUNDING FOR more fam. docs, outc'm  cntrd deliv.
Agreed!!!
Medicare for all, Senator!

TERM LIMITS!!
why is the house giving a 404 msg on live? Why did they recess? Is this normal? A
Agree Stop the Party Line congress and people would all succeed Bipartisan
You all should end your obsession with assuring the profits of private health insurance companies.
PA resident. Bi-Partisan AFTER Russia mess is cleared up.

That seems to make too much sense.
YES!   This is what I would like to see as well. Insurance only works when everyone, healthy and sick, is on it!
Obama so called care isn't a long lasting & a promising health plan.It will die itself.
If 1 state hurts we all hurt. U say Obamacare isn't broken? Tell that to the Arizonans at a 125% premium increase.
IF ONLY!! 
I can't thank you enough for being the voice of reason Senator.
THAT's the best tweet regarding ACA I've seen in months! 
THIS is why I love @SenBobCasey.  He cares about his constituents, not the politics involved.
That worked pretty well from 1776-2008, give it a try #GOP
bill was crafted behind closed doors from own party not even to Dems to help GOP
kick out the traitors and get to work.
I sure hope so! Glad there are not enough votes to pass it, but how can you make the GOP care for their constituents?
cc @SalenaZito
no the aca doesn't work  for working pa 500 a month with a 5000 deductible  is not affordable
preferably without wealthy tax breaks and with health. Or help ACA and call it trumpshit. Just do something good.
#MedicareForAll
That makes so much sense it's almost silly that these elected officials can't see it. Silly if it weren't so serious.
Time for collaboration - The GOP needs to work with Dems to provide solutions for the American People @POTUS
- time for #russiagate @funder #TheResistance #Trumprussia
No, Senator, because this was never about crafting a good solution and everything about partisan nonsense.
is a Medicare-for-all plan on the table for you, Senator?
Medicare for all!
and only Dems pay for the inreases to taxpayers!
democrats grand plan
Medicare for all should be the Dem's grand plan, sadly I think they'd rather give ins companies a cut
Casey became a millionaire since in office with insurance & energy co $$$
