WAKE UP ALREADY! there is a reason PA went red after so many years! People are tired of your crap!
More like Toomey 's Koch brothers friends spent millions convincing you of that.
Ummmm no watching America go to shit for years under Democrat control convinced me of that! #MAGA
If you think Trump will help there are several bridges in Pittsburgh I'd like to sell you.
Now having a President who is more worried about the Infrastructure instead of Vacations.. I'm In!!!
He took his first two days off.
and he's planning to go on vacation again this weekend.
i have better things to do than argue with someone who instead of trying to MAGA just wants to talk crazy talk!
As PA resident am proud of ur stands. What can we do to help? Seems Rs are killing 2- party system
take him and move to California where all the other morons live
the two of you will be quite happy there with your own like minded buddies
I have a better idea. They can stay here and keep fighting for the rights of the people, for the people.
and accomplish nothing. Good plan
Thanks, @SenBobCasey!  Glad to see PA has some real representation!
as you can see senator, you are losing your friends and headed to the unemployment line
never thought you were that stupid but I was wrong. You are a fool
hopefully, next election, we will get someone decent to vote for.
is doing! And unite with Real Americans! Instead of worrying about Hollywood! You need re-elected!
Americans want the Constitution and our rights defended which is what Casey is doing. 
why don't the democrats quit spending tax payers dollars by fighting everything that Trump 1/2
:Thank You Senator Casey for Truly representing the People!Since Jan 20th you're our ONLY VOICE!
Bob you need a vacation from the twisted world you fantasize about, get out now
Ty senator Casey for standing up for public schools & their students. #notflushwithcash
Thank You Senator Casey! Please know that the people of PA support you!!
Let's hear specifics about what you're going to do. No more vague statements that are practically meaningless.
Looking @PADems online. No action or engagement. This is why we lose elections.
by not showing up for work? Come on senator I am a Pennsylvanian show up for my rights and vote
thanks, Sen Casey. Perhaps perjury charges should be filed.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!
You Mr Casey make up the "Swamp" 8 yrs of 0 accomplishments Hack Politician needs replace in 2018
Thank you for all your support. We must keep vigilant. On behalf of my family, thank you.
please do. That health guy is horrific as well as min wage Labor Sec.
Thank you, Senator. We seriously need more politicians with this kind of resolve
#TeamSpine #Resist
- What about the NSC? Can Bannon legally be there? Doesn't seem so under 50 USC 3021?
THIS IS FUNDAMENTALLY THE MOST IMPORTANT. THEY FEEL THEY OWN THE KINGDOM AND HAVE NO RULES
Thank you, Senator Casey!
By taking your ball and going home? How adult of you Senator.
yes please hold them accountable
Grandstanding?  I guess ethics and responsible government don't mean a thing to you
PA voters let's vote out this coward activist Casey.
Your own words could backfire. We'll hold you accountable as well, to see where you stand on policies that help the people.
THANK YOU Senator C
keep playing to your base that's shrinking smaller until 2018,liberal Dems are obstructionist
Thank you @SenBobCasey Everyday you make me proud!
the only one it's important to block is devos #missamway
wake up, and we are fed up with the status quo,
Stop wasting your time, King Trump way more talented than you!
Thank you Sen Casey. I fear for the future of our democracy. Be the voice of the people #dumpdevos
How exactly are U going to do that Senator Groundhog.As a PA citizen I plan to hold YOU to account!
The GOP Congress is foaming at the mouth with anticipated power. They need cut down a few notches.
Republicans have shown that their only goal is to domintate. There is no concern for country.
thank you!
you are the swamp Senator.  Stop the partisanship
I've supported you since you announced your first Senate run in 2005.  I will continue to support you with all that I have.
Thank you Sen Casey! We're with you
doesn't mean u can play games at our expense because the rest of the party wants to u owe it 2 US
when we don't show up to do our job we get fired or don't get pd just bcause u got elected 4 4 yrs
Maybe you could have lunch with @SenToomey and convince him to do the same? ;) @SenateGOP
if I go naxk in that room u will just show what an ass u are! Stop playing childish games
didn't do your job AGAIN today but Ha they went around your good for nothing sorry excuse for a sen
yes! Please do!
@JudeRanch @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP I'm with you
#draintheswamp #SwampCabinet #StopPresidentBannon
YES. Stay strong. Keep fighting. We gave your back #resist
@IndivisiblBerks is with you, Senator
Thank you @SenBobCasey
Thanks! Keep it up. (and call your colleague @SenToomey )
how much $$ have u received from pharmaceutical? #lowercost
You have the Liberal mental disease. They will get a vaccine soon!!
It seems that you spend a lot of time digging up dirt. Remember, dirt can/will be dug up on you!!
Thank you Sen. Casey!
Thank you Senator Groundhog for being a dope.Scranton Bob, you owe us a refund for boycott
Oh, please!  Your words mean nothing Senator Casey.  You're just another mouthpiece for your party.
Thank you Senator Casey!
add to that our whole state general assembly too.
you know what the swamp really is? Our two senators.
and they won't, but are looking to render you and the democrats inert.
thank you sir
@SenToomey       @realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP fight fiercely Mr Casey
thank you Senator! You are a true patriot.  Keep up the fight. 
Don't listen to the trolls, we need people like you if we're going to get through this with our Constitution intact. 
ABSOLUTELY!
Thanks Bob. Where are you from, again?
That's why I voted for you!
How? You're in the minority. @SenateGOP just changed the rules to pass my noms. Other than tweet, you have NO recourse. #LOSER
and this what authoritarian, white "christian" male only rule would sound like..
Thank you Senator for bringing common sense to these nomination reviews. These people don't belong #StandUpToTrump
How to become irrelevant- Don't show up.
As a Pennsylvania voter, I will hold YOU accountable.
Amazing that Democrats would deny an American the lawyer of his choice.
#NOTMYSENATOR
