.@SenBobCasey @POTUS Let him. If this actually manages to pass in the House, do you really think it will ever make it out of the Senate?
It will be because there is an obstructionist Dem MINORITY.  Elections have consequences remember?
.@TruckinWeasel @SenBobCasey @POTUS It would appear Dems are not the Republicans biggest problem. Other Republicans are.
Healthcare is not a Federal issue.
.@TruckinWeasel @SenBobCasey @POTUS It is now.
so your not really supporter of Constitution. Or just confused.
.@TruckinWeasel @SenBobCasey @POTUS I support people staying alive, even the poor. No one should die because they can't afford doctors, meds
BTW you have no idea what your talking about
.@SenBobCasey Yup @POTUS is clearly a liar. One under FBI investigation. We need an independent commission NOW
NOT N ACCEPTABLE PLAN for the American people. This is Trump ego after all "he is the President." US needs a true Leader
a state tax increase is hidden in this bill
the fact is Obamacare has already done this damage. You should have read it before you passed it.
thank you for standing up for PA, this bill will crush our most vulnerable neighbors.  Keep fighting!
following the script -good Bobby
And the money goes to....
how do you solve a problem like Toomey?
Resist and Replace Republicans
it won't be the first time he has lied and it won't be the last. Embarrassed by what our great nation has become!
Still waiting to hear what you're doing for those self employed individuals NOT getting government assistance.
Trump doesn't care.   He just wants to win at all costs
more scare tactics from the left.. Youre protecting your big donors. Not your constiuents.
agreed. @POTUS is an immoral liar who'll cause more American suffering and deaths than any terror group #ImpeachTrump
Save the ACA! 24 million will lose insurance under the AHCA. Vote NO on the AHCA.
Promise? means nothing to The Liar-in Chief.
Starting your pandering early I see. That worried about re-election?
name a promise 45 has not broken
Hopefully his insistence for a vote today will just kill it. He can't bully Congress. Trump is clueless about healthcare
Really Bobby keep on putting out your false narratives
focus on ties to Russia but continue your good work with health care. Don't let this pass. We are counting on you.
Well said.
Thank you for standing up to @POTUS.
It is sad that the rep can't  get together.  won the house,senate and WH But the dems still SIT BACK AND LAUGH THEY WON
So why didn't you make sure Obamacare was workable BEFORE YOU VOTED FOR IT???? You are responsible Sen. Casey!!!!
@dwboden @POTUS the #SoCalledPresident has many #citizensunited donors and billionaires above him on the Forbes list to reward
Impeach Trump the damage he has caused, going to take some time to repair I hope our allies see what we are dealing with
and know once he is gone we will repair the damage and America will be great again. IMPEACH TRUMP NOW.
Trump has been working tirelessly on this bill it's not his fault that the Republicans didn't have their shit together.
#SCOTUS will be approved regardless of your small mind and PA will remember you shooting him down.
Apparently the,GOP AND TRUMP ADMINISTRATION ARE NOT TOO SMART.  WE TGE PEOPLE ARE NOT STUPID.  WE SEE THEM DESTROYING US
How is it possible (between constant lying+crimes the admin has presented since day 1) no one has been held truly accountable?
This has been a form of abuse toward America, her people+ quite frankly globally!#resist  at all costs!This is frightening!
I look forward to see how T & Spicer blame the DEMs for failure. Then, wave goodbye to P. Ryan! GOP a mess.
Impeach him now.
You don't care about PA families, you only care about special interests #termlimits #obstructionist #zip18640 #outin2018
@KateMThomp @POTUS His word means nothing. We can't allow millions to loose healthcare coverage.
Thank you for standing up for us!
I didn't care when Obamacare raised my healthcare, increased my deductible & increased my taxes to pay for your giveaway
It would be devastating. Thank you for supporting your constituents against this bill.
Thank you for carin about "we the people" Senator, not just using this for politics or to get A notch in the WIN column.
I'm counting on you to vote no on TrumpCare.
bob votes no on anything that makes sense. That's bob for u!
you make me even more proud to be a Pennsylvanian. Thank you for your leadership and your conviction in crazy times!!
oaf!
oaf? Please?! It's a terrible bill yet tons of Rs don't see it. Blinded by power. Casey doing what's right.
Casey isn't doing what's right. He is just blocking everything by republicans. Not representing his voters.
sounds like a play out of the GOP playbook. given the cloud of Russian ties, he should obstruct on principle
you are cause PA families more $
Open it to free market. Limited to only 2 or 3 insurance companies is not fair.
This new #Healthcare is a slap in the face to the women who gave EVERY DAMN one of those SENATORS Life! #NotProudMoms
Still can't believe people voted for this farce.
you mean bob?
@m_orenstein @POTUS Since when did @realDonaldTrump worry about telling the truth or breaking promises, like contracts #traitor
All he wants is a "win," even if many of us lose!!
Thank you for standing against this terrible plan.
And we also have the scum Ryan...let's keep making him look bad
Stay strong Sen Casey. We love you in the burgh.
Thank you Senator Casey! Stay with us. This is a fiasco in DC
Every action (DT)YOU propose is masochistic +self- serving.The power of our laws+the American people will bring U down.
uninformed liberal
Don't you dare say you care about this while decimating jobs for PA residents in favor of foreign workers.
he just cares about a tick in the box
He couldn't have designed plan more targeted to devastate his own supporters. Pathological.
He doesn't care about his promises. Or people's health. Doesn't even understand the bill. Just wants to chalk up a "win"
And eliminate req for insurers to cover maternity, ER, mental & behavioral health, etc! Gutting care as we know it. #SaveACA
uh, I never use any of that stuff. Why should I have to pay for it?
bc he is a crazy man & has no clue what's good 4 99%
you mean bob?
if it does pass the House, can it be shot down in Senate?
We won't let the GOP sell us out for their own profit!
He knows he can't win - let it fail, try to weaken with exec powers, blame Democrats.  He's telegraphed his strat already.
Thank you for protecting us, Senator!!! Families need affordable, robust insurance coverage!
He isn't doing anything for "us" except picking our pockets.
Pennsylvanians shd have known what they wld get with GOP and Trump. They & rest of country have to bear consequences
@realDonaldTrump IDIOT!
He is going to cause many Americans to die with his horrific #tumpcare #trumpbudget
boo hoo! Weren't they alive before obamacare?
Trump is a con-artist liar. Push for impeachment.
Most Americans want a thorough investigation of the President. #ImpeachTrump
Doing nothing raises costs on PA families. You seem to support that.
It appears @SenBobCasey is opposed to raising healthcare expenses.
You're citing a progressive public policy center. There's a bias there. I don't want #AHCA either. Full repeal!
I'm all for small government, but I think taxpayers end up paying more on the back end if we don't provide healthcare.
I'd prefer it be done at the state level, but we can't do that effectively without repealing the 16th Amendment.
he just wants something in front of him to sign to make him appear as he is getting things accomplished... FAKENEWS
And he wants to rush it so it's done before yet another vacation to his lavish hotel in Florida for the weekend

kind of like your 2010 vote right?
wait forcing bloated career politicians to make real change. HOW DARE HE!
raising costs on all families
