This is how a president's account should looks like.
Politics seriously??? How about prayers
Yes, why consider actions that could prevent future disasters when we can beg the sky god to fix a disaster he created?
God did not create these natural disasters. We did. Our society did, our politics did, our choices did this to the people of Texas.
God didn't create the disasters because God doesn't exist.
Sorry you do not believe in God. When you die,your soul will meet our Creator God. Ask for HIS Mercy. I will pray for you every day.
. Sweetheart, our soul's live on forever because we will go with Almighty God or the devil.It is our choice because of our free will.
If you didn't leave the area when you were told to. Don't expect people to risk their lives for you! We don't care
I may be but I think for myself.
Alerta Argentina
Si tienen familiares en Texas

https://safeandwell.communityos.org/cms/index.php 

I remember FEMA trailers in So. Dade, FL for as far as you could see, plain white trailers, those poor ppl, I feel so bad for them.
You better stock up now for Tire Fix A Flat Kits, I am not kidding, never had so many flat tires in my life, tin caps w/nails, getcha!

Congratulations on writing a great gov tweet! http://shiningsea.measuredvoice.com/fema/status/902181522458980353 … (Ranked 2nd for Aug 28.)

Hope everything is okay
Donate to Samaritans Purse.
Joel Osteen wouldn't open his megachurch to flood victims. Let's not jump to conclusions. Maybe he has two of every kind of animal in there.
Aren't there flood damages inside of that church as well? Did you open your home to help somebody? Let's not condemn!
Put the word out to use an app like "My GPS Coordinates" so people can be located by land and air!
Wish people would understand science and understand disater management then they might understand. Houston was caught in a bad situation
I was complaining all day for this- thank you!
Good Job FEMA!!!  thank you for all your help! My cousin is in Corpus! Thank you for keeping fellow #texans safe

Did he create the wind and the raging waters. Are you saying he created the wind and then got up to rebuke his own creation? Hmmm?
To all the assholes (no matter your color or flavor) on this feed. Stop w/ the politics. Help ppl or shut ur damn mouth & get out of the way




Superior Federal response from the White House and President to The Great State of Texas.
Paul Ryan has aligned himself with the worst president in American history he makes huge mistakes in judgment America can't afford it!!!!!!!
So Ryan has aligned himself with Obammy? Doesn't suprise me.
@N_Schaefer7 @MattStiglic @BeauOttman
Hi Ryan why haven't you condemned Antifa
Facebook also has a feature where they can mark themselves as safe
RT!
@fema @FEMA_Brock @RedCross Good afternoon staff & crews. Keep up the good work your doing helping the people of TX...God bless!  #Unity
@WhiteHouse @RedCross Politics have no place in  this forum, but I love the fact President Trump will be going to Texas tomorrow.
And he will probably actually land
He should go. I just hope he doesnt remind us he won the election or doesnt blame Obama. Can he dial down his jerkiness?
@FEMA_Brock URL should be something simpler
Agreed!



Why don't you keep your hate to yourself. No one what's to here it. Pray for the people in TX that need help.
@WhiteHouse @RedCross President Trump will be going to Texas tomorrow.
Your are so into false news, you must watch CNN or ABC. Why the hate?
Checked out your profile and all I can say is....
Trump are you going to help those people or not is money the only thing you care about?

You may want to look up what a President can legally own.
To find loved ones check the Gulf of Mexico.


need one for lost pets also....
Nice!!
If possible - Please mark yourself "safe" on @facebook #Harvey

How do I find out if my kids r safe in Orange Grove Texas
If you click on the link that was originally posted, it tells you how to look for them, but only if they have registered. hope they're safe.
Me too
Erykah . 
@symooneee
Follow 
 
More
Please help us she a new born. 
8614 valley meadow Houston,Tx 77078
Thank God!
