You should move to Syria and set up a safe space.
@realDonaldTrump 
END "PRESIDENT" BANNONS"TRAVEL" BAN & OPEN UR&LET THESE WOMENMEN 
CHILDRENIN
MOSTWERE IMMIGRANTS..REMEMBER?
Absolutely @SenBobCasey. Please continueto be vocal on this.
I am sorry, Senator, his travel ban is not discriminatory. It's for national security. #Politics
Exactly.  Left wants to act like they care soooo much.  They want "feel good", then stop bashing the right.
Um Nooo! He should not loser!
Migrating to the United States IS NOT A PRIVILEGE OR A RIGHT.
Duh, they are being vetted by slow walking their immigration. Is there any coherent database that will help evaluate the applicants to US?
We should be home of the brave and free again! Not the home of the frightened and still not all that safe.
Trump is all about appropriate vetting. See exec order. Are you coming around or setting up for 2018? Enjoy last term.
They need to resettle back home.  The country needs everyone back in Syria to rebuild.
We don't need them here for anything.
I agree senator.... but he's too busy "wagging the dog" to focus on that
I'm not a coward like you. So you can see me in my profile pic .Way to be a tough American
Who said i was an american. I dont trust you libs with tech. Dont want to be unmasked
We can't afford them Bob!!!
Let them move into you house bob
Well Bobby make him
#SyriaStrikes trump knew about the gassing for years, now it bothers him? It seems all to coincidental ,never forget he is biggest hypocrite
No!  Aren't you paying attention!  That's exactly what Asad wants.  He will infiltrate his people in those refugees and attack on our soil!
Exactly!!!  People are so stupid, they care about their feel good appearance rather than their own country's safety.
Trump's opening brief was due in the 10th Circuit case today. The 9th Circuit has the docs for that case posted on its home page.
Republicans view them like they view unborn fetuses. Only valuable as a cause, but not their problem as an actual human being.
Unborn fetuses want us dead?!  Thank goodness abortion is legal.
NO way-  we don't want to be an Islamic State- you have a personal agenda, not supporting our citizens.
I hope you loose your seat!
NO!After all the attacks around the world and you want them here why?After they attack us you can say it's trumps fault
Idiot. We dont want them here. They are needed to help rebuild their own country.
Please include pre-existing conditions in the healthcare bill.
They already are.
In the current ACA they are. I'm talking about the future healthcare bill if they repeal it. The future bill is unknown. I'm reminding.
That would make sense, but current administration does not have view of bigger picture. Keep up the good fight.

what a loser. Politicizes POTUS that enforced Obama's red line.
Nov. 2018
Wow... would that make sense! Humanitarian thing to do but if you think about it improves US security too.  Win-win, helps troops do job too
Maybe they want to learn how to drive a truck like in Sweden.
Wrong!
And you Senator should invoke 25th Amendment or impeach before WWIII is started by this madman. The world is in your hands.
Extreme vetting a week's stay at Bob's house. I will vote yes for that
As long as your house is part of the resettlement process Bobby
Why?
NOT. Let the Supreme Court hear the issues of Trump's immigration ban. I think it will be upheld by the court.
but it wasn't discriminatory when schumer wanted to pause immigration from syria,
Oh I'm sorry, did you forget, Donny is a racist? His base is stoked about being able to be openly racist. That's part of his "brand."
I would prefer to ensure that appropriate vetting exists first.   Opportunity for established appropriate vetting still outstanding!!
Thank you Senator! PA voter. @PADems #SyriaStrikes #syria #turnPAblueagain
I would be happy to host a family.
Build them a safe zone in Syria or surrounding areas.  Travel ban should remain a policy.
He won't, because he doesn't care about the refugees. He did it to *try* and divert attention away from #TrumpRussia and low ratings. #Fake
SURE...LOL.
Amen
Hell no!
Resettling them in safe zones that are being planned inside Syria.  Sorry, no future voters for you Dems.
Now maybe they can stay in their own country. Doesn't change the fact that Isis is embedded in refugees
Resettled #refugees are the most highly vetted people coming into the USA. Sometimes it takes up to 2 years. Since 1975 no terrorism. #Truth

Dear Brain Dead @SenBobCasey  I noticed you currently have ZERO refugees in your neighborhood....how many can we put you down for?
Someone needs to clean your clock @SenBobCasey
And how do you vet people into your country with little or no information about them? #RadicalMuslimsUhaveKNowIdea
Exactly! Unless bombing Syria was more about Wag the Dog and #trumpRussia than save the children!
Welp.
Nah, repeal the 9th circuit's ruling now that Gorsuch is aboard.
Yes! Shouldn't POTUS have to get approval from Congress before such military action & get agreement/support from allies? Trump playing War!
I AGREE.  it is inhumane not to help people who so desperately need it.
No way bob!
Fine with me.  Rather live with them than people like you.
Send them over, I'll leave the light on for them
Didn't the Federal Court rescind it for him?
Discriminatory?  Come on Senator. This kind of infantile rhetoric is why demos continue to lose seats.
no thanks. let's have the refugees stay at your house instead.
Why don't you open up your home to several of them Bob! Let us know when you do! Liberalism is a mental disorder!
Or set up safe zones in Syria, or both; let's wait and see!!
What will this 'appropriate vetting' look like? If you can't learn from the events in europe then you should not be in a position of power.
Why was he able to do this without Congress? There was NO threat to US!!
No. No no no no no. Bad idea.
How about no? #noneedtobringthemhere
lead by example. Shut your mouth and open your door. Let them live on your dime.
Who pays?
https://www.facebook.com/ryancarrawake1/videos/403959066620493/ …
A federal judge already blocked that I thought?
According to U.S. law single military age men are rarely considered refugees. They are fertile recruiting ground for terrorists
According to the UN High Commissioner for Refugees, over 62% of all Syrian “refugees” are military age males.
With proper vetting, American should welcome refugees. We should protect & defend the innocent.
Tell that to Sweden
can we now spend money on Syrian refugees and take them in?
Why?  There are countries in the vicinity that can and should take them in, so return is much easier.
@MyBrianLeyh The FBI has admitted they have no way of vetting these people. But what of Suadi Arabia and Jordan? Why the US?
I respectfully think there is a better solution. Give them there country back is the real fix.
but its not in place, if Im hearing the news correctly. What are you talking about
He violated the War Powers Resolution by attacking with no authorization... Have your lawyers check it out, it's true. #Impeach

Good idea. Let's invite people to our country after we just bombed theirs. What could possibly go wrong?
Why because a airfield that conducted chemical warfare against innocent children took a few bombs?
This is exactly why #Syria is in this state. #politicians we're #playing with people's lives to remain in #power.
There sure are #countries to settle other than #America where they can pray, eat and live like in #Syria? Opportune #politician?
Hell to the NO
Also, King Salman agreed to help with refugee safe zones in Syria & Yemen. US media largely ignored it.
How About #STFU Stop Running Them Out Of Their Country With  Political Financial Gains So They Can Live In Peace In Their Country / Religion
Create safe zone in Syria. You can keep refugees in you own residence.
NO. Maybe stay in their country and fight for it?
Wow! Just wow...
Thank you, Senator.
The problem is literally the inability to appropriately vet people from areas w/little to no working gov't. where docs can be confirmed!
what travel ban? you mean the one that liberals put an illegal "stop" to? U know, judges who are legislating from bench!
We need to consider the future, the more we help the refugees the more friends we create later
To hell with that! We should evacuate all the civilians to other locations, like Guam after Vietnam, To ensure their safety.
Only if they can settle in YOUR neighborhood
Mr Casey the travel ban hasn't been in effect.
No it's there, just temporarily blocked.
No they can go to Jordan.  Jordan committed to taking more refugees so that one day they might return home.
U just pissed Trump is now viewed as a Leader, and so much for the liberal theory of collusion with russia!
A sign of a moral Administration is not to simply lob bombs-but to respond to to the Syrian refugees- who are more vulnerable than ever.
Pennsylvania should appropriately vett their Senator before they elected a braying ass. 
@POTUS #SyriaStrikes
@SenBobCasey should be more concerned with doing America's business...
No. In fact, I support further restrictions on immigration to this country. I support aid to "refugees" in their own countries only.
grow up
No @SenBobCasey our president took the first step in making Syria safe. They will stay in their own country if Assad goes. Smh #syriastrikes
#SyriaStrikes So are you implying that All  refugees move out of Syria and in to your Home? #stepup
that's moronic. why should we jeopardize national security because we bombed an airbase, which will not create any refugees
Agreed, but @realDonaldTrump and @GOP (Government of Putin) do not give a damn about the lives of the innocent people of Syria.
Over 60% of American People not idiots,can figure this is a charade Wants to show distant from Russians, but he calls Putin before calling U
Time to set up a safe zone for them in their own country.
That would be the proper logic and the right thing
You have a SC Justice to confirm!
Let them resettle in safe zones in their own country
Good luck establishing a "safe zone" in a country involved in a multi-front civil war
Yes, allow terrorists to poor in your own country. What a dumb idea.
Why don't you put your money where you mouth is and take in an entire refugee family into your home?
I'm so damn glad we have one good senator. Thank you.
Temporary 120 day travel ban for Syrian refugees who are already in refugee camps which ISIS as infiltrated.
Why must we take in more instead of setting up safe zones?
Assad is slaughtering his people right now. He'll bomb your so called safe zone. He doesn't care for human life.
No no no!

Second attack on Syrian town hit by chemical weapons reported after Trump strikes in Idlib – live https://www.theguardian.com/world/live/2017/apr/07/us-syria-response-donald-trump-assad-pentagon-live?CMP=share_btn_tw …
He can't bomb a safe zone with a no fly order for the zone in place. I grant you anything is possible but bringing in endless refugees
It wouldn't be endless. 45 killed 4 children in the his attack. If they'd been in the US or AUS they would be alive and happy right now
So would a lot of people around the world. I just don't agree that the U.S has to be the last safe place for them.
Neither do I but I think we should all do our part and help who we can. Every nation not just the US.
Don't we already? We take in millions each year from immigrants to illegals to refugees it's got to end at some point can't sustain 4ever
These ones go back after Assad is dead. Assuming Trump is serious about killing him.
"Christian, first" #RWNJ @VP Pence tried to keep out Syrian ref while gov of #Indianastan His insidious infestation gov agencies dangerous
Possibly worst claim by "Christian, first" @VP Pence is that he claims 2b "Pro life". Anti-refugee, homophobic, pro-gun #NRAslave #Bigot
There are 6M refugees.  This is not a solution in any way, shape, form or fashion.  D's and R's need to work together to determine solution.
Give it up, Bob.  Pop back up next Groundhog Day.
A better idea: establish a safe haven & ultimately a Christian Homeland in Syria & Lebanon to counteract 1000 yrs of Islamic genocide.
No we should set up safe zones. You think they want to come here. They want to be in their home! Refugees want to return!
Agree 100%
Stop tying to exploit Assad crossing Obama's "red line" in order to foist unvetted Syrians on unsuspecting US citizens. We're not having it.

Trump carries out #syrianairstrike in response to #SyriaChemicalAttack 

Children try escape this hell but we still ban them.…
Should.  He won't, but he should
