Truth. When will it be time to tell the angry white male to sit down and shut-up?
"They can shut me up, but they can't change the truth"-Warren.. The people stand with you.. We will not be silenced
preach
typical Democrat supporting someone who does not follow law or rules
like being silent when men are speaking #returntogod
like not following senate rules REGARDLESS of who is speaking
which God BTW?
Of Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob
and Job. Lets not forget his favorite. Didn't he allow Satan to kill Job's kids? That loving God?
Yep that one; when you are able to focus on eternity instead of this short life, its sad, but less so
Ya only go around once. Better make the best of it. My Easter Monkey trumps your God.
I saw NO women there at all just lunatics wearing vagina costumes &Radical Marxist Communists screaming incoherently
Most women don't walk around with pussy hats on, don't march w/the loons, wear a US flag as a hijab. Election day!
including registered Republican women
And are starting to think of TAKING SEATS in the Senate and the House and other offices to be heard. #LetLizSpeak
The women's so called March was full of foul and vulgar so called women, who do not care about life, only themselves
we persist!!! #ShePersisted
We all know you sit when you pee Ms.Casey.Your great father is turning over in his grave because of your absurdities
#WeWillPersist #womensmarch #whyimarch
They purposely excluded pro-life women groups at the Woman's March.
Thank you, Senator Casey. Thank you for using the power you have to amplify our voices. We are not sitting down.
Introduce a bill demanding potential high office politicians MUST release their taxes
please demand an independent investigation into Russia's involvement in the election!
Women marching with pussy hats, dressed up as vaginas cannot be taken seriously.  Get over yourself.
maybe boycott bob should have watched #MarchForLife instead of promoting riots

That's because the women would have had to stand on their heads!!!
use your head they are supporting Sharia law which will make them Sit or behead them.No common sense
This is why millions of women marched on Jan 21. We are standing and protesting. We will not sit down and shut up.
Liz is a Bomb Thrower Bob, shrill and off point. You should get along great!
I think Sen Warren should actually have her own 24/7 channel.  LET HER SPEAK.  It would be good for the GOP.........
Women did not represent us.  Senator Casey did you watch the Womens March ?  Not representative of PA WOMEN.
Proud you're my Senator.
stop being an obstructionist and put the country first from your Pa constituent.
I think they believed Trump when he said it was fake news-or that it was a march to celebrate his inauguration
they all should have been told to sit down... #NoBobCasey2018
we are angry and we will March and we well resist
Thank u 4 all u do!!#ShePersisted is our new rally cry! Time @SenateGOP realized that women will not b silenced. #letlizspeak
#letlizspeak  Senator, it would have been nice to see 1 male stand up and say to NO McConnell
19 didn't apply
lots of women having no idea why they were marching
U should have watched the March for Life. Millions of babies who were conceived have been murdered. Who is standing for them?
Senator Bob. Stop making this about Mrs King.
Thank you Senator Casey, sad to see how low the GoP is willing to sink.
better hope they vote for you
Look at u tryin to rile up women on somethin that didnt happen. "Liz" was actin like a fool. nothing 2 do wit gender
Thank you Senator Casey. I am your constituent in PA and am grateful for your support. We stand with @SenWarren #LetLizSpeak
in No WAY was Elizabeth Warren's conduct applicable to that outdated law...Sexism tries to uphold racism!
I think I love you. LOL!!! LOVE what you are standing up for.
She is not "lots of women".  She is a US Senator and should conduct herself as such.

we're mad as hell and we're not going to take it anymore!
So suck up  to one side of the quarter, it's equal on both sides Men or women except the few who feel entitledLKLIZ
@SenateGOPIt's OK mouthy women will be punished the same asMOUTHY men as we can clearly see!Equal rights means equal punishment
so did you or any male Dem offer to finish reading the letter? No. Same consequence as Warren. Stop the BS narratives. #shame
#letlizspeak one day women will have the opportunity to tell men to take their seat. Hope you men are some of them!
thought you were pro life? Another Dem hypocrite and liar.
Look at those NASTY women in that march Bob Casey!!
#letlizspeak
your right & they NEVER WILL AGAIN..ya all keep doing what u are..u will see how STRONGWOMEN AREas they get rid yas
as a woman and a feminist, the Women's March did not speak for me and many others! Warren does not speak for me!
are you really a baby killer backer. Your as nutty as pelosi, warren and Maxine waters.
..."They can shut me up, but they can't change the truth" @SenWarren   #ShePersists  @SenToomey   Vote NO Sessions
Are you in favor of eliminating Rule 19?
hell yeah its time we stand up. Like @HillaryClinton said The future is female
@MicheleNAugust @SenateGOP can not wait to vote out the @SenateGOP !!!
Sorry, Bobby. RACE FRAUD Warren is WHITE. She is not allowed to speak per Democrat rules.  @SenateGOP
Sorry, Bobby. You are a man so aren't allowed to speak to say that. See how your psycho rules fail? @SenateGOP
what does the women's march have to do with Lizzy violating senate rules? This won't help you reelection. Bye Bob! @SenateGOP
I'm a woman sitting comfortably because I have faith in God , my country and my president
Eactly!
They will now hear from many women who will not be silenced.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey for representing women of PA
you shillin for the women's vote? Sorry. Your party is finished.
proud of you, from PA
Yes.  Thank you.  
AGREED!!!
Tell @SenToomey, VOTE NO on SESSIONS! He's not answering phones/fax/taking VM. Maybe you can tell him for us! 19003
No, BOB, lots of women like me, KNOW THE RULES and follow them, SHE BROKE THE RULES.
So, you believe that using a 30 year old letter to smear a Senator is perfectly fine? Are you nuts?
And we will not be silenced!
Thank you @SenBobCasey  We will remember @SenateGOP in 2018 and 2022.
yes true
And you @SenBobCasey and @SenateDems should read this and start telling the #Truth!!! #Hypocrite #Sessions

D's are racist to vote against a NAACP Award winner
: Proud to be your constituent sir. #letlizspeak  @SenateGOP
sen casey you've really stepped up yur game. For that i say thank you ! #TheResistance #letlizspeak
I love this! No more sitting down and shutting up!
Thank you Senator CASEY! #letlizspeak
@FredFredricks6 @SenateGOP well said
they scared you enough to bring it up.
Oh, please. women in the US have nothing to complain about. How about being on America's side for once, Casey?
Are you really or a Russian troll.
Am I "really" what? If you're going to attempt to be funny or take a shot at me you might want to get it right.
like the President you support, I misspell or autocorrect kicks in. But are you on the payroll of Russia?
Of course I'm on the Russian payroll! Pat yourself on the back 4 uncovering another spy AKA people who disagree with U.
We know the Russians committed cyber crimes on behalf of Trump as well as planted fake news. Proven facts.
On behalf of Trump? That's ridiculous. Shouldn't people be more upset about the content of Hillary's emails & her crimes?
I see that you are not open to see or hear anything that conflicts with Trump's lies. I wish you the best.
and we will continue to stand. We will not sit down and shut up
Nevertheless she PERSISTED!!
For that matter, they should have watched "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington", for the basic man should understand rules.
#ShePersisted!!
well she definitely took a seat didn't she
YES! <3
the dangerous steps being taken by @SenateGOP will be remembered.  The American people and the world are watching. Disgraceful.
Take the floor, read the letter and make them try and silence you all!
Frankly I can't wait for 2018 to arrive!!!!
Looking forward to losing even more seats?
I've a feeling you'll be eating your words in 2 yrs,if not sooner. Women won't rest
#OutOfTouch

yes! #letlizspeak #WeWillNotBeQuiet #WomensMarch
