I have serious concerns about your performance in the Senate and will vote 'no' in 2018.
Someone needs to run against you.
Are u serious? No one could do more harm than Hillary has done
Democratic Senators believe their way is the only way and it's led us to this worldwide mess. Disgraceful.
thank you.
how would you handle the refugee problem?
thank you Sen. Casey!
Thank you for your vote, Senator. With a few more like this, I may just give you mine come 2018! Thank you for representing PA so well.
So it's okay then, if Republican Senators respond in kind. As much as we dislike Obama, they voted for nominees.
Not so fast. @POTUS44 took the job of nominating qualified cabinet secretaries with a degree of seriousness that eludes President Trump.
You have serious OBSTRUCTION concerns. I hope you get voted out the next time your election comes up.
@POTUS Tillerson guy rose to run one of the most important companies in the world You hung on fathers coattails  #politicalhack
Thank you!
I'm a PA voter and I welcome your no vote on Tillerson. Thank you!
@greggchadwick Nice job, Senator Casey! Thank you!!!
Fair.
I VOTED YES TO ELECT YOU BECAUSE YOU CARE ABOUT PA! THANK YOU SO MUCH!!!
thank you!!! Please continue to do all you can with other nominees. Withhold consent.
Your only concern is obstruction. You haven't had any concerns or even ideas because you have been living off the public tit for 31 years
Thank you, Sen Casey. Now how do we get to Sen Toomey. He is impossible to reach via phone. Could you help arrange a town hall?
Thank you, Senator!
thank you
thank you!
Thank you!
are you one of the boycotters?shame on them for shirking their duty.  It should be no work, no pay!
@rareDonaldTrump vote no on each of the remaining apointees! They r all unqualified & dangerous to the US!
thank you.
Thank you! We need more Congressional leaders who have morals like you. Republican lawmakers have been showing true colors
happy to hear that!
vote mid term thanks
I respect your right to vote no but can't respect hypocrisy & obstruction.
.@SenBobCasey 
thank you!  Please let your colleagues know that it is time to #resist the President's poor choices.
thank u senator
From a PA voter here-please vote yes on nominees.
we now have serious concerns about u. We'll vote no also. Philly can't carry you
@realDonaldTrump You really should just close your Twit-er account Senator Ground Hog.Maybe Punxsutawney Phil can do your term!
Keep doing the right thing Bob. Your constituents are watching
From a PA voter, thank you!
senator you need to vote NO on all of these nominees. His picks as well as his judgement are dangerous
Thank you!
@ncrainbowgrrl Thank you
thank you
thank you
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, we have serious concerns about him as well.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you thank you Thankyou!!!
THANK YOU for standing up for our future with this vote. Rex Tillerson would be a dangerous Sec of State.
@SenateDems @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi @SenToomey 
THIS is Senator Bob Casey, be like BOB! VOTE NO+
Thank you @SenBobCasey. We need you to stand tall and fight for us.
After tonight's fiasco I hope you vote NO to all his choices! 
Voted for you before/do so again. Keep holding the line for us!
Thank you Senator. Have you also noted that there may be some sort of soft coup going on?
Thank You.  You are a TRUE AMERICAN.
THANK YOU!
@allanbrauer Thank you senator!!
Sen. Casey makes me proud to be from PA. His Republican counterpart Toomey offers shameful silence
Me too.  @SenToomey is not only silent but a coward for avoiding his constituents
We march to his office. He won't address us. We call his office. Voice mail always full.
He will not get off as easy as he did not weighing in on Trump prior to election.
@cmadmax  thank you! Thank you!
Wooohoooo Senator Bob!! I'm from Pa & have been calling u everyday to say No. Far too many ties and loyalties to Russia/Trump
@charles_gaba yay you!
@allanbrauer This is my 'serious concern'
thank you for looking out for wait is best for the country
*what
thank you for your vote
@hudsonyes03161 Thank you for standing up for what is right. I am your constituent and I vote.
I'm sure you would do a better job I'm staring our country in the right direction LOL
Much appreciated, Senator Casey!
THANK YOU to @SenBobCasey for voting #noTillerson!  We do NOT want our US policy further enslaved to #BigOil. @dmcrane
Thank you for voting NO on Tillerson confirmation
Thank you! We need people like you fighting for this nation!
Thank you and much respect!
@DannySeoMag Thank you, Senator Casey.
Thank you, Senator! Proud to be your constituent.
That's what we expected but it seems that Mr.Trump is acting  pretty faster than all of us thought
Thank u, @SenBobCasey. Tillerson is a friend to Putin. Wants to give oligarchs access to oil, lifted sanctions and money. Conflictofinterest
you have done nothing for the great state of PA. You represent the establishment Enjoy your last 2 years in DC
theres a shock.
thank you!

3 of 3 to support your case
thank you!
2 of 3
with the putin connection I believe they would drop sanctions for personal profit
Thank you!
you have serious concerns about anything that does not fit your leftist ideology. so what is new?
But John Fraud Kerry was the perfect Secy of State, only bettered by Hillary Rodham Clinton, the most traveled SOS ever!
thank you!
Thank you Senator!
thank you for voting no #stoptillerson #RESISTANCE
THANK YOU!
your such a drama queen
, thank you for being a good example of obstructionism. Your constituents will remember when you run for re-election.
Thank you!  Keep up the good fight!
what is your plan about Betsy Devos? She scares me for my children's sake. I watched her on CSPAN it was terrifying!
@pam_houston thank you
Once again, you are a beacon of right in a sea of wrong.
thank you
@lor_knibbs I'm a PA voter and I applaud your vote. Thank you very much.
TY Senator for standing up for what's right. We can't allow DT/Tillerson to lift Russia's sanctions for all the Oil $$$
Thank you, Senator Casey! 2018!!!
Thank you for all of your efforts to keep Washington sane. You've got my vote. Pay no attention to the nay  sayers.
THANK YOU! You give this PA voter a bit of hope - standing with us #NoBanNoWall
Thank you Senator!  You have my support from Doylestown, PA!  #PAVoter #noTillerson #NoBanNoWall #proudDemocrat
awesome decision on tillerson senator!  Now let's vote no for devos
thank you
@TomWellborn I was born in PA. Moved 15 years ago. But it's home and you are making me so proud. Thank you.
Thank you Sen Casey
thank you! Plz #voteno to the others!!
Thank you, Senator Casey for standing with the people of this great Commonwealth.
thank you Sir
And now I will vote NO for you!!
Thank you!
Thank you. Now no votes on all cabinet positions.
THANK YOU, SIR! You make me proud to be a Pennsylvanian! #TheResistance
Thank you, Senator.
Stay strong and fight @realDonaldTrump and his #facist agenda #RESISTANCE #StrongerTogether #thisisdemocracy  #NoMuslimBan
THANK YOU
Thank you! #ResistTrump
and I would vote 4 a dog over U in the next election! You're done!  Here in P.A we voted for @realDonaldTrump 4 a reason! #BYE
- LOL. You're in the minority here Mona. But do please vote for the dog.
#stupisasstupiddoes
THANK YOU !!  
FOR VOTING NO !!!!!
GRATEFUL PENNA RESIDENT !!!
thank you Senator. You have always had my vote
Thank you!
thank you Senator Casey
i hope you so the same for Sessions. Word has it, he had his hands in this ban
Great job Senator! Thank you!
That was the right thing to do @SenBobCasey.  He is unqualified for the position and doesn't have our interests in mind.
thank you!
thank you!!
Thank you!
Thank you Senator Casey for the third time.
thank you sir.
thank you!
TX don't want to be the USofExxon
Thank you
.@SenBobCasey Thank you for pointing out these concerns and for your stand. @SenFeinstein
You are my Senator and I ask you to vote no on Sessions & Do Not vote for Trumps pick for SCOTUS!
Thank you.
thank you, Senator!
Thanks Sen. Casey. Glad we have one senator who sees things for what they truly are. Glad you promised to vote against DeVos.
Bravo!!!!
and when your reelection comes up, we Pennsylvanians will vote no on you.
thank you!
thank you!
thank you! Please continue to fight for the American people! 
Thank you.
Thank you, sir
You are not my senator, but after airport protest and now this you are on my radar to watch and support.  Thank you for this.
don't forget bob reelection coming up  democrat  voted for trump  one of many thousands...BYE  BYE...
Thank you Sen. Casey. Please do all in your power to block Sessions.  I shudder at the thought of him as AG right now.
thank you for voting no on Tillerson

Thank you, Senator Casey!
Thank you for hearing our voices, Senator!

You have my whole family's vote, thank you
thank you
Thank you! And thanks for tweeting your votes/reasons! I feel valued even if we don't agree on something. Peace.
Thanks for your leadership and courage to oppose nominees who would set the US back.
from the UK, our special relationship can resume once you leak the intelligence report. Please do it b4 js kills it
So proud that your my Senator.
Thank you.
Thank you for standing up for what's right
thank you!
all no votes .... any chance of logic & compromise?!
thank you for standing firm.
You big dummy
thank you!
@bpluntz Thank you sir!
THANK YOU SIR
Thank you, Senator Casey.
Thank you Senator!
Here in W. Pa we've decided that you might as well come home and stay home. Trump and his sidekicks have no use for fed gov.
thank you, Senator!
vote no on the rest too
#swapcabinet #stoptrump
Thank you.
Thank you for your vote!
thank you! Pennsylvania and America and History thanks you!
my husband and I are with you all the way. Hope you vote no on Sessions too. Thank you.
Thank you!
thank you
Thank you, Senator, for putting American safety and principles first.
Thank You for your No vote!
@dsoderstrom thank you Sen. Casey.   Please continue the NO votes for ALL of them.
, thank you for your vote opposing Tillerson.
Thank you!
Proud to call you my senator.  Thank you for your courage.
thank you!
HELL YES!
Yes!!! Good for you, good for us. Fight the good fight.
making us proud!  Thank you
Thank you.
