What you and your party did to this man is shameful! HackJob Bob!
Judicial philosophy requires that Gorsuch be bound to adjudicate pursuant to the Law. You are responsible for legislating; Stop projecting
HA!  you did not review enough!  OR -- you read the wrong things or you were duped by Chucky Schumer types.
When is this guys reelection. Be careful bob Obamas new precident says we can use intelligencs assets to monitor you. Skeletons
Get the @GOP you need 3 to break the vote.  Dems that support him to need to be voted out.  A corporatist should not be on #SupremeCourt
Can't wait for election time. You are gone scooter.....
I will help in every way to get you defeated in 18, Pa is conservative except for hand out residents in Pgh and Philly. We will mobilize !!
Vote againistGorsuch & vomit sees side you smart ass
...and he plagiarizes. Imagine him stealing from previous Justices to write a ruling.
not true!
thank you please keep fighting man
Fighting. You mean running. I believe Hillary lost his state. Haha. Have you heard Hillary and Susan are on new season of orange isnew black
try reviewing it again ,because you are totally out of it
As a Navy Veteran, thank you!
Probably a yeoman. Or as odumbo would say corps man
R U Asking what rate & rank I held while I was in the Navy?
.@SenBobCasey And.......

HE'S NOT MERRICK GARLAND!!!!!!
Pennsylvanians wanted Gorsuch and you betrayed our wishes for your rich donors!!!  Vote Rick Saccone in 2018!!!!!
"Workers and families" sounds like the usual socialist/communist rhetoric Senator.
I thought the Senate role in this was to assess the qualifications of the nominee? Then confirm. Not to judge. Your tweet is total B.S.
Yes, Senator Casey is a Chucky Schumer wanna-be.
Thank You Sir! Hold that line! #GoldStarDad
Thank you- we have 3 others that are or have served- 4 of the 5-
Again thank you- They are all great kids- Just trying to not get any more of them killed or anyone else's.
Well this was my son Austin- A1C Austin Harper Gates Benson - Angel Flight -
@SenBobCasey Thank you! I watched the hearings on #CSPAN & felt like his answers were evasive. I'm concerned for women's repro rights.
Don't women already have control over reproduction?
@SenateDems and let's not forget republicans stole the seat. Thank you Sen Casey  #StopGorsuch
How so. You dipsheets all but guaranteed Hillary would win. It was her pick. Oops but she lost. #Susanforprison
I hate that 45 gets this pick instead of 44 too but is a clearly qualified nominee worth the "nuclear option" for future Sup. Court noms?
You are honest. I and many others appreciate your tweet.  Gorsuch IS qualified but Sen. Casey is stubborn and emulates Schumer!
Too late now
allowing the fbi to wage a war of lies against clinton for 30 years is whats going to stack the deck against workers and families
A war of lies against the Clintons? More likely you are lying to yourself pal. So sorry the truth hurt them. Not!
the truth is that the fbi has been prmising they had a smoking gun for 30 years and now say that they hve no evidence she did anything wrng.
Put down your crack pipe. You are way off base.
He shouldn't even been given a hearing @realDonaldTrump is under FBI investigation illegitimate president no confirmation shld take place
He doesn't stack anything; he interprets the law as it is written. You embarrassed yourself and the state of PA today. #Gorsuch
Scalia's "agenda" was noteworthy and an excellent constitutionalist.  We miss him.
Democratic Party Hackjob Bob strikes again! Should be ashamed of himself!
more Democrat propaganda, lies and distortions.
Your nothing but a puppet. You followed fools instead of doing what's right. He's qualified no matter who nominated him.
Nice work
Thank you Sen. Casey.
Thats a joke you hack only got elected on your dad's name!
Bullsh*t!! You can kiss your next election goodbye!
Only the elitist democratic party is stacking the deck against workers and families. you are shameful.

Thanks to all of you who encouraged me to consider filibuster reform. It had to be done.
@janmcevoy Delay b/f russiain investigation is complete. @DevinNunes was a delay to get #gorsuch on court.
thks. good job
I think it was dumb we forced this nuclear option..just my opinion.Should have used it for the future nominee.

After my review it was clear that senator bob casey would stack the deck against workers & families #StopSenatorbobcasey
See our govt was set up with separation of duties. Congress makes laws. Judges determine if you followed said law.
Casey you are so delusional. Judge Gorsuch rules by the law, as judges should. Its not up to him to find out what the law SHOULD say!
THANK YOU FOR PAYING ATTENTION TO THE REAL WOrld
You and the dems have forever devided this country,  congratulations!
Support your opposition 100%- Against Gorsuch- His record terrible against children with disabilites IDEA-workers families
DUMP CASEY.
THE HACK LIVES UNDER A ROCK IN THE POCONO MOUNTAINS.  GOD REST HIS FATHER'S SOUL
CASEY NEEDS TO BE REPLACED BY THE PEOPLE OF PENNSYLVANIA.  TIME TO END SOCIALISM IN THE U.S. & THEIR ATTEMPTS TO OVERTHROW THE CONSTITUTION
Thank you @SenBobCasey for standing steadfast against Gorsuch - I am a PA voter!!!! #StopGorsuch
Wrong move. Support the other Dems with a clearer view. Can't wait to vote again in PA.
He will get confirmed without you.
Thank you!
the nomination of Gorsuch should not be partisan. You are playing politics and I hope they go nuclear. Clear way for much more
Gorsuch ruled on the LAW - Judges do not make law - they uphold the law. A body of government called the Legislative Branch makes the law.
Missing PA BLUE DOG DEMOCRATS.........following Chuck and Nancy down the rabbit hole Senator ?
You know you can vote NO on Gorsuch wo BLOCKING him (Filibustering).  Sad for Dems STATEGICALLY STUPID. Where are PA Moderate Dems ?
Liberal fascists lines, liberal fascists lines. Bob is a company yes man to the rich democrats compliant to destroy America & human rights!
you know that's BS it's all politics he's more qualified any nominee stop your pouting and get on with making America great 
Absolutely! His testimony was rather dramatic and ingenuine!  Gives the impression that he is hiding something!
You are wonderful Sir!  Thank you for NOT voting FOR Gorsuch.  Thank you!
(U & I, birthdays are on the same day.) Thank you, Thank you.  
51
You Are A Crazy Extremist
Thank you! #StolenSeat

#stopGorsuch and #stopTillerson from meeting w/ #Putin #tillerson is #Putinspuppet #trumprussiacollusion #ExxonMobil so corrupt. #resist
This response is quite lame. Absolutely no substance. Gorsuch is qualified and you know it.
I agree! Thank you for being protective of the wellbeing of your fellow Americans.
VOTE GORSUCH!!!!
That is not true!
I hear congress has a vacationed planned? Leave on the 7th and don't come back until the 24th? #doyourjob #draintheswamp #shameoncongress
Link?
Then fix the laws, don't expect judges to fix them for you, it's not their job.
This filibuster is so important for our democracy. Gorsuch has the potential to affect US politics for a generation.
You lose my vote & many others
THANK YOU!!!
@SenateDems you want a liberal who will vote your way. Ain't happening dude. #youlost
The middle class gets pooped on continually by Republicants.
wrong keep believing the lies and drinking the kool-aid
He will be nominated and there is nothing you can do about it.
wow.....just wow.
Thank you for continuing to fight for PA families!
Hitler was fighting for German families to but he was evil. So is Bob and you praise him. Hail Bob!? NOT
Thank you.
Maybe mafia workers & families.
Then your "review" was obviously flawed. GORSUCH follows THE LAW not your lawless left agenda.  Your putting reelection nail in coffin early
Stop Casey!  TERM LIMITS!!
Keep up to fight! How about a town hall in Philly over the break!
That's a crock of shit! You don't want him because he is a great replacement for Scalia...it has nothing to do with his qualifications
Since trump was elected the deck is stacked on the American people
Or against liberals like you. Sad sad
Complete B.S.
Great! Hope you feel good with your lies!
He is going to be confirmed. You are making a fool of yourself. #confirmgorsuch
