CBO report confirms it → American Health Care Act will lower premiums & improve access to quality, affordable care. http://spkrryan.us/2mkCXyW  
You ignore the fact that people were forced to purchase Obamacare or else pay a HUGE PENALTY now able to drop out!
Penalty was not huge and everyone shoudl have health insurance.
get real it grows every year.The Obamascare itself has quadrupled. IM AN EXAMPLE OF IT. I CANT USE IT!
You don't need health insurance? So you are from Krypton?
I CANT USE the Insurance I have.Obamacare Insurance Mandates forced increases on Copays Medications Premiums...
most people have no options,have to drop their insurance because of increases then have to pay penaltyTAX...REALLY !
I have Insurance & unable to use it any longer to take care of my health. Im a Cancer Survivor.COST IS OVERWHELMING
That's not what the CBO wrote. You can't lose coverage if you weren't covered & many would opt out.
Maybe you'd like to give your ideas to Ryan? Or we'll pass & let Obamacare fail spectacularly & you take the wrap.
@AltUSPressSec @SpeakerRyan -Trumpcare is a disaster- we take care of our sick and poor folks - Vote no on Trumpcare!
Obamacare isnt taking care of the sick...fool
What insurance?
no, just ignore you Bobby , back to sleep
More than that have already lost because of Obamacare. My insurance went up to where i cant USE IT!!!!!
Did said 24 million WANT to buy insurance? Why did the ACA FORCE maternity coverage on everyone?
Apparently you haven't read the CBO report. Most would make the choice not to be insured.
@MaggieJordanACN @SpeakerRyan Speaker Ryan does not give a flying fuck that Americans will die. He's a mass murderer.
@jar08034 @SpeakerRyan keep telling it like it is Sen Casey.
"Make the Rich Richer" on backs of poor. Trump lies to insure all -"huge" betrayal to his voters! Dispicable!
And that older people - who need health care the most - will have a huge cost increase.
They want seniors dead and out of the way
no we're not! We fight back!! 
.@SenBobCasey @SpeakerRyan I don't believe that they have cared about the poor, the weak, the old and the young for a very long time.
How many lose healthcare when Obamacare fails on its own next year? How many Bob?
Republicans could have worked with dems to improve the aca but chosen to sabotage it instead. Uncaring.
Dems could have worked w/ Reps on ACA & we wouldnt be here 2 begin with. Theres no saving ACA its 
Sorry but no repub ever suggested or desired affordable health care.
Incorrect there was a alternative offered but the Dems pushed through ACA  and new it wouldnt work
Brian, Not one single republican vote for affordable health care, Right wing supreme court damaged it.
Can u blame them? Look at it, its crumbling under its own weight. I sure wouldn't want my name on it
Its crumbling under republican sabotage & lack of caring for anyone but themselves .
24 million people with the freedom to make their own decisions, not constrained by Dems wannabe nanny state. @SpeakerRyan
But they’ll have the choice to either go bankrupt or die. Choices! Freedom!
this rich interest based legislature will continue while voting occurs on a work day. Voting access for all starts on saturdays
In Trump's society the sick and aged are worthless. They want us dead
Why don't you offer your input on how to make Obamacare better? Can't be a man about it? Just complain?
26 million if you use Executive Branch numbers: https://secure.politico.com/story/2017/03/obamacare-uninsured-white-house-236019 …
I say let ACA implode on itself, its already in nuclear meltdown. Make the Dems own it as they deserve along with their ignorant supporters
The same CBO that incorrectly predicted the effects of the ACA? They're analysis is meanigless and you know it. Just more fear mongering
Senator Casey, you're on our side and thank you for it.
I just can't see how it will be any worse than we already have can't afford Obamacare
.@SenBobCasey | @SpeakerRyan It's premeditated murder Some of these 24 million people will prematurely die if health ins. lost
yes, that is exactly what they want us to do. They forget that some people don't agree
just like u ignore the fact that millions cant afford ACA
why do you want to force people instead of letting them choose IF they want it?? Loosing coverage is there choice
Of course.  It's not about taking care of people.  It's about saving money to give to the wealthy 
@MaggieJordanACN @SpeakerRyan  Listen to Sen Casey. Now, take a moment & imagine those 24M are whites. Does that help?
no, We are not going to ignore it, despite the Speaker's efforts.
Only if they don't want it BOB. Not forced down their throat like ACA. Tell the whole truth save face B4 your out
SAD MR RYAN SAD!!!!!
you better believe he is going to ignore Mr. Casey.  Mr. Ryan doesn't care about America!
so Ryan..what's your plan for those who STILL say it's too expensive. Face it, we have people who want it for FREE
Bob you're a lying loser. You know the truth...just wont admit it
. @SenBobCasey @MaryMarybrogdon @SpeakerRyan He's not ignoring it. He just doesn't care.
@SenateMajLdr @POTUS All GRIFTERS. They will dissolve our Democratic Republic. They R all dangerous. 
They are heartless liars. Please cont to stand up for those less fortunate.
I wish you had shown this type of concern before you voted to decimate our healthcare system 8 years ago.
Please @SenBobCasey fight this fight it all the way!!!
and of those 21 million will choose to. It's called freedom Mr casey
@MaggieJordanACN @SpeakerRyan Don't think he's able to understand the question. Try sending it in crayon on construction paper.
Are you saying it's going to get worse than a 63 year old woman paying $1200 a month with a 6,000 deductible?
as alway Senator Casey you are a great Senator
And we'll ignore the fact that this will enable a tax cut for millionaires.  What a bunch of hypocrites!
What CBO report did Ryan read? The one REST OF AMERICA READ said it will raise premiums/people will lose coverage.
Sen.Casey, why don't U do a study on how many people will be able to afford Obamacare in the next years.Can't Now
Yes, they are #Trumpcare #24million
Can you ever tell the truth Ryan. No one believes your BS anymore people can read the numbers for themselves.
wait - you said GOP plan would cost more & CBO would prove that; guess you were wrong
How can these GOP jerks ever face the people that voted for them when they are trying to destroy their lives?
How about " I'll get my own care"? The President should not be responsible for your health care at all.
because they want to give ACCESS and not COVERAGE. Access they can't afford, hence the deficit reduction.
It is obvious that @SpeakerRyan is in denial after reading his post. Time to work with the Dems to fix the ACA
Can't wait for Trump's tweet tonight on this news. Anyone want to make a prediction?
@DebbieGT18 @SpeakerRyan Hard to work w/proven liar. Ryan doesn't  have America's best interests at heart. That means Traitor.
Those crooks are going to kill a lot of Americans. Legally.
@RoyalBlueTrue @SpeakerRyan Yes. It's not a replacement. It's a poison pill to Medicaid.
@nhdogmom @SpeakerRyan lies of liars
Thank you Senator Casey, A true soldier for working class Americans.
Ryan doesn't care about us one iota. #RepealAndReplaceRepublicans2018
You worship the Christian god. He worships Ayn Rand.
Sen.Casey is a liar.   24 million ppl will not lose their ins.no longer be forced to have ins. Can keep if want.
Trump method of communication...Since no repercussions to lies/obfuscations, can't blame them.
Opting out of insurance isn't the same as not wanting insurance. And buying bare bones doesn't mean you want bare bones. Put health first
Casey's plan is to line his pockets & get votes period.  the majority of his constituents voted for Trump
RyanCare is careless & heartless: real death spiral
in premiums and in human lives.  Deplorable.
it is about giving the rich what they want. #Trumpcare #Ryancare  doesn't care about old, sick, poor, disabled.
$337 Billion is a super generous gift from 25 million Americans who "Give Up" health insurance. #Ryancare
I'm pretty sure @SpeakerRyan doesn't care
That is Ryan's objective with his immoral Ayn Rand mentality that the poor deserve to die. He will answer for it.
not just Ryan many in this administration show that their contemp of the poor and elderly
No he wants us to believe that 24 million will now have "freedom" & make "choice" to "opt out"
Wait till people start skipping healthcare until severely ill and in the ER - if they can find one still open.
Americans face 30% surcharge in premiums if they have a 2+ month gap in health insurance. #Trumpcare #Ryancare
@MaggieJordanACN @SpeakerRyan That's that "coverage for all" @realDonaldTrump promised?
24 million lose coverage.  Well, that's one way to save money.  Not the choice caring lawmakers would make.
any way you can talk toy counter part into not voting for this mess?
Would he care if they were his aging parents or disabled children?
No he is a DESPICABLE Persons! Another ANTI-CHRIST! God complex who is loyal to MONEY!
He's literally highlighting a quote from himself in the report. Really Ryan!?
He. Doesn’t. Care. Guess no one in the @gop does.
45 says report is not believable. Um, no you 45 are unbelievable.
can y'all please stop tweeting at each other and FIX THIS GODDAMN MESS LIKE GROWN UPS.
He's literally citing his own quote.
GOP and cult of 21%ers will. ...until 21%ers lose their assistance, insurance and lives. Oops, too late
Yes, because people were able to choose not to buy lousy coverage that cost too much which meant it was free.  Wait a minute...
Are you willing to work with Rs for a fair good HC bill  If not please just be quiet Stop stoking hate please
Sociopath much, Ryan? Yeah. We know: the emptiness where your soul should be is blatantly obvious, sellout.
TRUMPCARE 
