@painter_nancy May I suggest you find a way to stop Gorsuch. Trumputin is trying to lock up all three branches of government.
Gorsuch actually strong on executive overreach hold fire
You will most likely be surprised. This is incredibly well crafted. If you see it. Putin gave Trump 2 branches
The 3rd hangs in the balance. A read through a few Gorsuch cases illustrates a good legal mind, yet reveals one
point of interest. Gorsuch holds a sound belief in religious freedom & the moral obligations that accompany it.
Gorsuch has held that moral obligations of religious beliefs are sufficient to exercise them on others even in
contravention of existing law. I heartily agree with him in exercise of ones self, even in the refusal to be
complicit where one believes something is morally reprehensible. That said, it is a perilous slope, when your
Proud of you for this! Thanks for your leadership on this issue.
thank you for common core.  It has made Bill Gates the riches man in the world again.  Democrats make rich richer.
THANK YOU!!
thank you!!
@CarolLaRue Thank you!!
on behalf of your constituents- thank you! Please let @SenPatToomey know he should listen too #noDevos
Go, Bob, Go!  Thanks for representing your constituents.
Thank you for trying. Education is the answer& "for profits" will only care about bottom line. Her confirmation is devastating.
keep up the good work speaking up and out.  Where are your peers, thank you!
thanks!
Thank you Senator Casey!
Thank you for your efforts to stop this nomination
hope,hope is on our side
thank you for stepping up in this important nomination vote. #NotoDeVos Next up, #NotoJeffSessions (and a better hashtag!)
thank you Senator!  Can we convince your PA colleague @SenToomey ?
thank you! #realPA voter in 19003 thinks you rock.
Yes!  Go for it(fyi, I don't care that she's wealthy, I care that she's unqualified).
Thank you.
Thank you for your hard work for democracy
Thank you!  Get the republicans to get their heads out of Trump's ass.
Good luck Senator Casey and God speed.
What have u done in PA to improve our schools?
please make a point to call out Toomey for failing his constituents. SHAME on him!
Senator Casey why don't you listen to your constituents I really want her as our secretary of education 2018 here we come
Thank you for opposing Betsy DeVos. We need someone who will support and improve public schools.
go get 'em Senator! #holdthefloor
thank you!!!!!!
Speak eloquently.
time for everyone's afternoon nap,your boring speech is impossible to pay attention to,please sit down you embarrass our state
THANK YOU! Go go go!!
Remember you're speaking for all of us and our children and grandchildren. FIGHT FOR OUR FUTURE.  God Bless
Go! Go! Go!
thank you Senator.
Thank-you Senator
Thank you so much, Senator Casey, for being a voice for the people of PA & this country who care about education.
@SenToomey Wake Up Toomey. You will have committed political suicide. Mark it down. The private sector awaits you. #NotoDeVos
This will be a sad day if she is confirmed all over partisan politics. She isn't  qualified. She is a Billionaire! #NotoDeVos
Thank you for fighting!
Thank you!!
@smille5884 
Watched you speak, Senator. Thank you for continuing to oppose this unqualified nominee.
Obstructionist Dems powerless. DeVos will be confirmed tomorrow. Get some real work done you big baby. You're out in 2 years
keep up the good work!
Thank you, Senator Casey. We need to do everything we can to stop this nomination.
just do ur job and vote and quit wasting everyone's time
Thank you. Give em hell
THANK YOU
Can you mention to @SenToomey that the same people reaching out to you about voting NO to DeVos have also reached out to him?
no I've been reaching out to both of them to vote Yes you're not the only person on Earth
Well done fact based/succinct 
Will the noted "lack of a forum " be detrimental?
thank you Sir for appealing to both sides
thank you for standing up for education.
Thank you for your opposition to this nomination
PA educators support your stance! Now convince @SenToomey to vote NO. @BetsyDeVos is unqualified. Stop $$$ vote bribery
thank you @SenBobCasey
go, Senator, go!
Watching now. Thank you for speaking to the urgency of sexual assaults on college campuses and advocating for victims, Senator!
Proud to have a senator like @SenBobCasey
Headed to the floor to speak in opposition to the nomination of Betsy DeVos. Watch live at https://www.senate.gov/floor/ 
Good luck!!! I hope the people who aren't yet voting no listen to you.
Thank you for hearing and abiding the voice of the people!
Thanks  
Education is the foundation of our economy and our national security @BetsyDeVos must be rejected.
@AnnCoulter Wow, a real groundhog that can speak! I always knew you should be in a carnival sideshow with Chuck the Lizard Man!
thank you!!! My students thank you! My children thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
.@SenBobCasey, #realPA is behind you.
great job Senator Casey. Those of us who value good, strong public education salute you!
Keep fighting the good fight!
Stop her!
Go Senator go! This is a no brainer. Which GOP sen is going to stand up and be the hero for common sense? #devos
Thank you. Now tell me why there's a cap on FICA.
go Sen Casey!!
Right on!!
@satx_valerie Thank you, sir!!!!
Thank you so much, parents and teachers nationwide thank you!
Thanks for having our backs.
We want to hear you in Pennsylvania!!!
Thank you Senator Casey. Appointing Betsy DeVos Sec. of Education would be a national tragedy. Thank you 4 opposing! #DumpDeVos
It wouldn't be a national tragedy. It would be a national disaster. I wouldn't let this woman pack my gym bag.
I wouldn't let any of them run something as simple as a lemonade stand.
#ImWithBob
We have your back.  #DumpDevos
Thank you and make some noise!
Godspeed!
