A special counsel is needed to investigate potential contacts between Trump campaign/Russian operatives. Justice cannot abide anything less.
just wondering how long the smoke and mirrors of this will keep going? #youdontrepresentmewell #dontforgetPennsyltucky
Ahh, well at least we have one of each. Balances it out. PA's purple.
correct. But I am pleased with neither right now #dontforgetPennsyltucky
You see the bill they just passed in the House to allow killing bears & wolves in dens at wildlife refuges?
no please forward
Here you go. It's S.J. Res. 18 in Senate. It's only for Alaska, but could be slippery slope.
ICYMI: House voted last week to allow the killing of hibernating bears in dens last week in wildlife refuges. http://easttennessean.com/2017/02/27/republican-congress-sets-its-sights-on-alaskan-wildlife/ …
I read a good article just now about it. Looks like an Alaska issue that will set standards for other states
Have YOU ever met with an ambassador??

If not, you're really not doing ur job
or that Sessions be charged with PERJURY. I am commoner as 1 would say & would be in Jail, correct @SenBobCasey ? Why not Jeff?
HE SHOULD RESIGN OR BE THROWN OUT
while we are at it let's investigate your presidential nominee and her part in Rosatom 1 and the sale of 22% of US Uranium.
2 Sessions meetings arranged Obama State Dept Global Partners in Diplomacy & educational program to observe Rep convention Did same 4 Dems?
#NotAboveTheLaw #Investigate
Did Kislyak meet with Clinton Camp? I haven't heard of any. These mtgs we're for campaig.
isn't it a crime for Sessions to lie under oath
or that he lied under oath
the corruption it's overwhelming,GOP shouldn't b involved any investigation & there needs 2 b some arrests
yes sir.  thank you.
I know what. Sessions can plead the 5th. Isn't that what corrupt Democrats do when they are caught in any act?
not needed, Dems. Have also met with Putin
for the last 8 yrs we had the most dishonest administration that has ever been the law is for everyone one not just republicans
why dont you put some effort into special prosecutors against hillary and obama...soros too? You need to represent ALL citizens
.@SenBobCasey @AltUSPressSec Not sufficient. US AG lied to Congress. It's on tape. He MUST resign. Otherwise laws are meaningless. #Felony
@AltUSPressSec Do not stop until he resigns!
um, PERJURY. He needs to go. please do what you can for us!
and a new AG please!
He lied under oath - he should resign.
We also need his resignation so that we don't lose the focus on Trump's impeachment
he has the right to remain silent.
only stepped up to recuse himself once the story broke.
@HariSevugan AG Sessions must resign for lying to Congress and to the Amrrican people, not merely recuse himself.
He's shown more integrity in  month than Eric "fast & furious" Holder & Loretta "secret tarmac meeting" Lynch showed ever.
He need to resign. He committed perjury. And yes, special counsel is a must.
If the AG of the US can lie under oath without consequences then so can we all.
he should resign immediately
#LOCKHIMUP
@NoTrumpJewel  When PBO AG Stood her ground loke a woman recused herself from certian Things. In tbis case @jeffsessions LEAVE
@FuelMan55    Sessions lied under oath.  He needs to resign.
This is not enough. He must resign. Under any previous administration he'd be gone already. We have to stop normalizing POTUS.
agreed but no need to resign.
It's become more clear that Sessions must resign. He's been dishonest abt his contacts w/Russia & is not suitable 2 be AG.
show your face!  What about meeting presidents on the tarmac. Both ways baby!
I'm still trying to find out where I can buy a brick to help build the wall... #OneThingAtATime
He should be prosecuted for perjury. If lying under oath to Congress has no penalty, what stops anyone from doing it?
or a further investigation of sessions. His press conference lacked veracity
totally. Keep pushing.
I agree! Too soon to call for resignation, but special counsel is critical
Nor does it change the need for him to recuse himself from all investigations into the Trump campaign AND administration!!!
I think he should resign or be impeached.
Thanks for sticking up for truth and sanity. PA appreciates a senator who listens to constituents.
Senator the Attorney General needs to resign
How can you not support that
Of course it doesn't. Why would anyone think it would?
BUT he has only recused himself from an election investigation. If this goes further, he will be involved. We don't want that.
Unlike the last AG Lynch who did not for the meeting between herself and Bill Clinton
he should reign, he cannot be trusted
What about Press Clinton meeting AT Lynch in her plane? Guess that is OK when Demo's do it? Senators R Supposed 2 B 4 Good USA!
Or the need for Sessions to resign.
he perjured himself, now hold him accountable. Is this how we want the attorney general to act?  Partial recusal is nothing
He needs to resign and be investigated. Not only *because* he lied, but *why* he lied.  Why lie if there is nothing to hide?
Sessions needs to resign
@GeorgeColli  with all respect Sen Casey the AG needs to resign. He perjured himself during confirmation .Bad look for an AG
Nor does it change the need for Sessions to answer why he lied to the Senate.
This is not Day 1. He needs to resign. Sessions perjury both verbal and written is a disgrace to the DOJ and law enforcement
recusal is not enough.  The Fox can't guard the hen house #resign
I lov the way you try to make yourself relevant but can't
.... isn't this early?   And, you know it, right Bob?
This does not change the need for him to resign. He lied under oath
You people are despicable.
How does the subject of Ukraine "somehow" come up? This guy seems to forget important stuff. Or he's a liar. He NEEDS TO GO.
Nor does it answer the question of whether he gave full disclosure or was deceptive in his Senate hearings. Let's ask @Scotus.
Notice he only recused himself for investigations of the campaign. NOT administration or transition. Slick.
HELL-O AMERICA OF COURSE HE SHOULD RECUSE THAT IS THE ONLY ANSWER. LISTEN TO ME USA STAND UP AGAINST HIS HATE#WeRCreatedEqual
WHAT ABOUT Perjury?
He admitted to lying at the end saying he should have "slowed down" That is not an excuse when a Fed Offical lies. #resign
You are wrong..GOP needs to act like Loretta Lynch and other Dems.  Corrupt Democrats!
keep the pressure on, Sen Casey!!
Perjury is perjury. Nothing less than resignation should be happening.
Call for his resignation!
if anything, his statements open more questions. We need a full investigation with complete transparency.
He needs to be FIRED. His recusal is not enough. He lied to you and the nation about Russia connection. He can't be trusted.
why aren't you after Hillary for rigging primary to defeat Bernie. Or international donations to the Clinton Foundation?
He has only recused himself from issues related to the campaign.  The campaign ended on Nov 8, 2016.  Still in on anything after that date.
He needs to resign.
The Senate also needs a thorough accounting of what transpired at Sessions' meetings with Kislyak.
Nor does it change our need to exile his behind to Siberia—if illegal immigrants are bad then what are traitors like him?
or that he LIED under oath
