thank you for trying to change the course, and now for charting the best one possible under the circumstances. #realPA
So are you planning to hold a sleepover or just run up and down the street wailing?
thank you for listening to the people of Pennsylvania when you voted no to DeVos!
not a good day for public education. But I know the amazing teachers we have in PA schools won't let us down!
Thx for your effort...sorry Toomey didnt listen to us!! You have this GOP's support 4 reelection
@charliejane I was literally reading THIS PAGE of your book as the vote went down. #yeahitfeelslikethat #allthebirdsinthesky
ugh, I'm so sorry. Thanks for reading the book though!
My book club. :)
What book?
#allthebirdsinthesky
Thank you for everything @SenBobCasey. I'm proud that you represent me.
she's a selfish ...thanks for your noble efforts though
thank you for standing up for our children!! I wish @PatToomey @PatToomey had done the same. #devosinhispockets.
If public ed is doing such a bang up job why have 3 generations of your fam attended a Jesuit school? @SenBobCasey
We lost a vote on Betsy DeVos, now we begin holding her accountable. The effort that began with families & students is just getting started.
US schools rank towards the bottom.  Why not give school choice and charter schools a chance.
Shame on you Dems. I no longer vote Dem. I crossed over to sanity.
thank you for being a voice of reason & understanding the value of education & our children. I am proud to call you my senator.
I live in #Kansas...I wish I could have been as proud of @SenPatRoberts and @JerryMoran. They shamed us today.
What can a person do on a local level?
a good start would be her trustee position at Hope College where they have a religious 'test' for new hires. No Jews.
Thank you for your effort.
where were you the last eight years holding Obamas picks accountable don't forget PA voted for Trump
Thanks for all your hard work.
shame is no one has held you accountable
all personal need to be held responsible. Just don't be an obstructionist.
You bet! Hold her accountable by the upward progress in student achievement! Amen
Thank you for continuing to work to support PA kids.
that's pretty much what happens to every person doing a job....Unless of course., You are a career politician.
thank you for continuing to stand up for children like mine.
thanks for putting up a fight. Hold all of them accountable. No retreat!
:we must fight
we = democrats & teacher unions; rise of teacher unions was downfall of public education
Get rid of T. Unions first to being accountable.
Last year, Chicgao & also Randi garnder said when kids vote then they 
count
thanks for showing nepotism is the way to go. You have shown if you have a famous last name then the world is your oyster
Please bring some yellow carnations to @SenToomey's office. DeVos family's $ is more important than his constituents.
. @SenBobCasey @WolfForPA @billpeduto @danielgilman how will PA schools be affected? What can I do to protect my kids' ed. in Pittsburgh?
Thank you for standing up for #RealPA with your "no" vote. 15902 thanks you, and we won't forget!
Thanks for fighting!
thank you for standing up to this outrageous nomination.  I an proud to call you my senator.
thank you Senator for your efforts to keep our children safe and their quality of education high!
Thank you for standing up against DEVOS #NoODEVOS @SenBobCasey
thank you for fighting the good fight. We do appreciate your ability to hear and act on your constituent's needs, God bless
THANKS for voting against DeVos. I have 2 kids in #publicschools .
Hi @SenBobCasey, thanks for staying up & fighting for #realPA & our kids even when others would (take money) not (to). We see & appreciate.
@SenToomey Pat Toomey should be ashamed. He went against Education.
thank you for listening to your constituents! #RealPA
Thank you for your efforts, we need them now more then ever! 
thank you for your efforts!
ungrateful gop
:Why don't we start by holding Toomey&Rothfus accountable for 8yrs of inaction and continued party-only serving incompetence!?!
I expect just as hard a fight on Sessions and Pruitt.  Keep up the good work!
Dems just keep losing,don't understand how out of touch liberals are,killed middle-class & lost mod base,left with wackos 2018
Thank you for your leadership.  The majority of central PA depends on public ed, so please continue to fight for us!
Couldn't you get @SenToomey to flip? Do you guys talk? Have beers?
Please do, my senators stuck their heads in the sand, or better known as  get in line and shut up..  I live in Ga.
YOU MEAN HOW TRUMP IS BEING HELD ACCOUNTABLE???  GIVE ME A BREAK. NO ONE IS DOING ANYTHING. GOP BELONGS IN JAIL.
Thank you for everything you've been doing, senator.
Will you forsake inner city parents who want school choice for their children for your teacher union pals?
Thank you Senator Casey.
that's outright mean shows your eragance is highly noticed
THANK YOU FOR STANDING UP FOR US. Keep fighting, but be strategic about it.
Thank you @SenBobCasey. @SenToomey, I just don't know what (printable) to say about you.
thank you senator Casey.
How do we hold her accountable if there is no more Dept. of Education? Are they really going to abolish the Dept of Ed?
thank you for fighting for our children.
As a public ed teacher, I want to thank you for your support and for trying to do the right thing for our children.
get your wallets ready
be proud of your efforts
your efforts were appreciated
thank you for all your effort.
Thank you sir.
Great effort, Senator!
Toomey was a coward in voting for her. Thank you for all you do.  We are with you!
Thank you Senator Casey!
Thank you for your hard work.
Thank you For Your time, effort and ability to actually listen to your constituents. Time to hold her accountable
Ni shagu nazad!
Do u tweet with a straight face?
I am DISGUSTED with @SenateGOP and @SenToomey!
thank you for listening to your constituents and holding the floor. @SenToomey can't wait to vote you out
oh she doesn't  even know nor the Senators who voted for her.. what kind of opposition  they have will have.
Thank you for your "nay" vote. We must hold her accountable for the sake of our children and grandchildren. #PAProud
Why didn't the democrats hold Obama and his Education Secretary accountable for the past 8 years?
The other PA Senator Toomey ignored the will of his voters and gave DeVos a yes.  #NeverForget
Thank you Senator 4 your efforts. May @SenToomey  choke on the $60,000 he got from DeVos. He is not my senator.
Thank you for your efforts.
I'm embarrassed to call you my senator. Why are you against under-privileged children getting a good education? #Shameful
Thank you & the other 49 patriots who voted for public education today. The voters will remember this in 2018, 2020, & 2022.
Remember, Toomey voted against the kids today.
My 17 yr old daughter texted immediately wondering what she could do. Motivated to fight! Thanks again for doing right.
never give up never give in @SenateGOP #IMPEACHTRUMPANDPENCE #msgrizzlybitch
I'm glad we  will have #SchoolChoice for everyone.  Can't wait to vote you out.
very discouraged. Even if we impeach trump, we're still going to have his cabinet full of unqualified clowns.
Thank you, Senator Casey, for being accessible and responsive to your constituents, and for working tirelessly for our kids.
Thank you for being a stand-up Senator we can count on.
thank you for the hard fight.
Thank you for voting no to Betsy DeVos. Please continue to represent PA well and vote no to Tom Price.
With all due respect I favor her confirmation. Public education needs reform, not a "circle the wagons" approach.
Thank you for listening to your constituents instead of corporate profits. We won't forget you answering calls.
Not really! You are an obstructionist to cabinet nominees.  You should resign today for putting our nation at risk!
Face facts Bob, you lost again
what does her conformation mean for public education and public school teacher?
give trump his cabinet and move on...your wasting your time on this.
.@SenBobCasey Glad PA has one senator with some integrity. Shame that @SenToomey the third senator from RI won't stand up for #RealPA
thank you for looking out for our children and I hope only for the best for our future!
thank you Senator Casey.
Unfortunately the Republicans have shown their true selves again.
Thank you for your efforts on behalf of your constituents! Keep fighting for PA and democracy.
thank you for ALL of your efforts. Your constituents will help to hold her accountable as well.
lolz. Band wagon whiner. You lost get over it. Trump President Naaw
American education just lost again. The rest of the world won science and tech will come from other countries
never occurred to you that she can take what she knows about private schools and morph it into something great?  Broken schools
if you couldn't keep her from office, how will you hold her accountable?
we need to "act" now, not "react" later. Give us leadership and guidance to head the crazy off before it happens, please!
I think she will do a fine job.  Fresh ideas.
we won't forget the stance you and the @SenateDems took. Thank you.
Thank G-d for you since your colleague is a bought hypocrite
thank you for everything you are doing to defend democracy and protect the future for our children. @SenToomey failed all of us
Thank you for listening to us. Guess $55,800 in donations is more important to @SenToomey than listening to PA voters.
thank you again
we want Toomey recalled!
what can we as parents do
you guys have to get vicious. No prisoners. Especially with the Supreme Court nomination.
This PA resident thanks you for listening to your constituents & holding the line. PLEASE. KEEP. FIGHTING. #RealPA
Keep up the good fight! Especially with Jeff Sessions!
thank you for fighting & voting no unlike our other senator.
You only pretend to listen to constituents. I've sent letters on issues, and receive form letters on the wrong topic. Lol
thank you for strongly opposing her and trying your hardest to get others to do so.
Thank you for letting us know.  Yes, she does need to be held accountable. #devos
#Your Fired
Yemen's ambassador in Washington, reveals the secrets of the Pentagon on Al-Jazeera
thank you for fighting for us but so incredibly disappointing...
so when do we the people hold your side accountable for you guys doing nothing and letting it get as bad as it is #Feetdrager
thank you for all that you did. Please keep fighting for our kids, and our country. We stand with you.
thank you for your support. We'll keep fighting! #resist #TheResistance
Thank you!
Great fight Sen Bob!  Can't compete with GOP votes driven by billionaire's "pay to play" contributions. Cowards all of them!
We the people need to begin holding the Congress accountable! There are far too many corupt Senators & Congressmen that must go
More losses to come. Maybe 2018?
We appreciate your efforts Senator !
thank you representing Pennsylvania and defending our education system.
this is awful. I can't understand why ANYONE thinks she's remotely qualified for this job. Can't wait to vote @SenToomey OUT.
keep fighting. Thanks.
thank you for sticking up for us.  I hope Everyone remembers that #jackasspattoomey next election
Thank you for your vote
Thank you for trying, Senator. It's a sad day for public education but we will keep fighting.
Thank you for fighting hard.  This PA native and resident and mother of two school children will continue to fight with you!
very disappointing.
Thank you for standing with us Senator! You do PA proud!
How will you do this?
thank you for listening to you constituents.
can't wait to get you reelected in 2018 and kick @PatToomey  out of the senate in 2022!!!
I love listening to Kool Aid drinking Democrats
@PatToomey will win again and you'll lose more seats
Rotted Pat will not win again. He will get no campaign funding from Devos anymore. lol
@SangyeH Trump's rich cronies don't like education. They are scammers. Always have been.
thank you Senator Casey.
Try something new. Do something constructive rather than obstructive!
@SenateDems Your constituents, who care about this country and our children, deeply appreciate your fight. Don't stop!!
AGREE. Thank you for rep. us in PA and the nation. Extremely disgusted by @SenToomey - sell out and completely ignored us in PA
Thank you for all that you do.
where can we go to see how the 50 who voted no plan to hold her accountable?
thank you!!!!!!!
Thank you for your vote. I wish we had 2 Senators who cared about children but grateful to have at least 1
As she told @timkaine, she believes in accountability...so it begins. TY (both) for working hard for the country & its future.
we will begin to hold @SenToomey accountable also.  He IGNORED the will of his constituency
I know you did the right thing, I watched the vote!!  How can people be so stupid?
thank you for your support and hard work on this
Thank you for listening to your constituents and putting our interests first. Your R counterpart ignored our calls, and we won't forget.
Bob...please keep her in Check.
Over $423,000 was paid to Casey by Lobbyists during his last campaign-Casey voted 100% with Teacher Union. Wh
, thank you for continuing to fight for public education and principles of equal opportunity and separation of church and state
Thank you for all your effort.
tell @PAGOP we're coming for them. Absolutely disgusting.
if @SenToomey we're not bought and paid for he would've voted against her.
thank you for your efforts and being a true representative of the people's voice.  Accountability indeed!
What. The. Fuck! Horrible day for America. Can't wait till 2018 so the sorry excuses for @SenateGOP can get their due. #resist
no to Devos
Thanks for everything you did on this. I so appreciate your fight.
thanks for all you did for our kids and our schools. And thank you for listening to us!
Thank you for your support and hard work but this is truly tragic for our kids. The day #PublicEducation died.
Thank you for trying Senator Casey. We knew we couldn't count on spineless Toomey.
Thank you for listening to your constituents. We will be fighting with you.
@PSEA Thank you Sen. Casey for your integrity and concern for our children
This is wholly unacceptable, senator. They ratfucked their way into destroying our education system
We needed a win.  We needed THIS win.  If you can't stop DeVos, what can you do?  We'll be living in Trump Tower dictatorship.
Thank you for continuing to fight for what's best for Pennsylvanians. It's good to see that at least one of our senators will.
Thank you for listening to us, Senator. Keep fighting!!!!
As a Pgh Public Sch teacher, I thank you for your support of our public school system & depend on your leadership to defend it.
Thank you.
you failed. One confirmation. You couldn't stop one confirmation.
accountable starts with Jeff Sessions who put party first after reusing himself from every other vote.
Thank you for fighting for our future.
My 13-yr-old that loves her public school,  WVW, is going 2 b devastated. Who explains 2 her that her gov't failed her? So sad.
please tell your colleague @SenToomey PA will not stand by him.  Apparently money from DeVos is far more important to him. #sad
@SenToomey #resisttoomey!
