where's the $2500 a year in premium savings senator. Another program run like crap by government
why does he need to reveal when dems said had to pass obamacare to know what was in it. Turned out to  be disaster.
I'll b working hard 2 get rid of you! ACA was designed 2 fail and you know it! Your party wanted single payer 2 control us more
Thank you, Sen. Casey!
U do NOTHING to stop #ADA accommodate adjust & continue what #Obama got in gear #America TRULY needed 
that is #ACA technology media changed the C to D not me  but both matter! #ACA & #ADA
So much confusion here over this action. People are worried that this will take away their ACA subsidies.
YUP
Pennsylvanians deserve to not have outrageous premium spikes because Obamacare doesn't work
what's the democrats plan since they created this nightmare health care system and forced it on us?
thank you for your vigilance - we're doing our part to help out! #SaveTheACA #SaveObamacare #acaworks
really Senator what have you been doing ?
maybe he'll pass it in the middle of the night on a Friday like you did
I like the idea you're a'ok with people paying exorbitant fines that can't afford the insurance.  Work For PA Bob Not Soros.
which party said once you vote for the bill you can see what's in the bill? That would be the democRATS and it was the ACA.
Confirm Dr Price immediately.
to quote another congress person. You have to pass it to see what's in it.
@alulrich @realDonaldTrump What a concept right? But oh crowd size "that I can tell you" BIGLY
need to insure that Healthcare remains available to the most vulnerable of our citizens -THE POOR
Pennsylvanians want change and you represent us... so think of that when you think of running your own agenda.. the PEOPLE
:He can't bc he doesn't have one-they'd 8yrs to come up w something better&all we got were insults&inaction!
I support your position. Send Trump a message. Drain the swamp?
He doesn't have a plan @SenBobCasey. @realDonaldTrump never did.  We are counting on you to do what's right.
Mr Casey when are you up for election again?
We're counting on you to fight for us! Thank you!
you were a Superdelegate.. President Trump is Your fault! Listen to YOUR people next time! Look out 2018!!
#fucktrump - WHAT ARE YOU DOING - PLANNED PARENTHOOD AND ACA ARE AT RISK
this exec order is surprisingly clever. I think a lot of states were asking for something like this
He is full of it. Lies.
Yes. No plan mean insurance companies will raise rates just in case. #SaveObamacare
unfortunately campaign slogans make Trump popular. Details fail.
thank you Senator Casey
. Yes we do!
Should trust our most respected source. It's in his own best interest to make his own Vision. Stop screwing up
Thank you @SenBobCasey for standing up with your people #RejectPruitt #MakeAmericaSickAgain
you voted to pass it before revealing what was in it. PA deserves a Senator that does not hide legislation.
A replacement does NOT have to be a government solution.  I belong to a healthcare sharing ministry.
What r u doing to insure repeal & replace are effective?
you should have went to the inauguration too as my representative. So you opted not to go, now you have to go!
it's gonna be great. That's all he can say. You know, for everyone.
you need to read how Hitler ended Weimar Democracy https://www.ushmm.org/outreach/en/article.php?ModuleId=10007669 …
In case you are  unaware Trump was just sworn in- how long did you guys debate the ACA and still screwed it up
Thank you!
Please DO something! No health insurance means death for me and many others like me.
The soon to be uninsured deserves to know
Thank you Senator.  Keep fighting the good fight on behalf of all of us in Pa who believe in the ACA.
what a jerk! He hasn't even been POTUS for 24 hours! What expectations do you have for yourself Mr Casey?
For the person that criticized Executive Orders.
thank u Senator does that mean I don't have 2 contact ur office . #notmypresident
Sir, are you prepared to obstruct everything your colleagues on the other side of the isle try?  You'll be rewarded if you do.
Trumps intent is to kill the ACA and throw 30 million Americans off health insurance.
Trump just signed an exec order that would let HHS nix Obamacare's individual mandate. This would kill the ACA. http://www.politico.com/story/2017/01/trump-eo-233950 … 
You & your Dem buddies put it in place & it's bankrupting us. Trump will fix & maybe you will smartin up & get on board
thank you Bob Casey! Now us college students will be responsible for our own health insurance right out of school instead of 26
Please Senator, don't let big pharma get away with murder...
It took you and your friends 7 years to screw it up and now you won't give @realDonaldTrump a couple weeks? Get real.
U've been ok w/Obama giving Iran nukes & letting n2 USA diseased, violent fake refugees.Why so persnickety now
@Guerrillascribe @realDonaldTrump Haha You assume he's capable of devising a plan.
Yes, we do. Thank you.
everyone needs to know
Perhaps you should get behind him and work towards a real solution. Put your money where your mouth is.
thank you. Please keep up the fight!
Please hold him accountable, Senator!
@POTUS Medicare for all!
.@SenBobCasey Wake up, Senator. There will be NO replacement.
