you tell your chair that there are a gazillion parents who sweat blood and tears over building good IEPs for their kids.  1/2
we have a right to know in detail Ms. DeVos views on our kids' access to education under IDEA.  We need more questions.
@KCCT Time limits were the same for Obama's & Bush's picks. Why do you want more time for Devos? You just want to stall.
you misunderstand.  No one asked for more time for those candidates.  Also nom didn't refuse to enforcing regs
I watched cspan & yes, there was one Senator that kept saying they need more than 5 minutes & more rounds.
yes.  My point is that in the previous hearings no one asked for or needed additional time.  Not so with Devos.
I had a principal interview that started at 8:00a.m. and ended at 3:00p.m.
Speak about deserving better,u should have voted 4Bernie's pharma bill. U let a lot of PA down! Do better or out u go.
no more federal funds 4 teachers unions teachers better teach or out U go. The kids 4 in last place in the world
Thank you!
Please oppose. My/all kids deserve more than someone who doesn't know what IDEA is. Find som 1who can make R schools better!
@AndAliceAlone It's like he went out of his way to pick the worst. He's clearly creating an oligarchy with many Russian ties.
did she really say IDEA is best left to the states?  I have a son with a disability? Is she saying states would monitor IEps?
No....she's actually using coded language to tell you that your son's IEP will soon be null & void.
@cponder1979  @indivisibletx03 @indivisibletx30 @IndivisibleNTX
You are doing a great job. Just say no. She is utterly unqualified and could really harm our children's futures.#DeVosHearing @SenBobCasey
we deserve a more qualified person. Asking more questions isn't going to make her qualified. #JustSayNo
Thank you! Please keep questioning DeVos! We need an Ed Sec with more knowledge and experience!
I just wanted to thank you 4 making me put back food in order to afford medicine because of your vote against the pharmacy bill
damn straight.  She's a know-nothing.  She proved it with Franken's question.  Push her harder!
please oppose
Betsy DeVos can NOT be our boss!
We must keep the PUBLIC in PUBLIC EDUCATION.
#EducatorsAgainstDeVos
@indivisibletx03 @indivisibletx30 @IndivisibleNTX
fantastic job. Grateful to have you in the Senate.
our children deserve someone who understands IDEA and special education.  She will set back education for kids w/disabilities
we deserve better! Please vote NO!
Thank you, Senator Casey.
@StevenSinger3 Grizzly bears in Texas?
sir there's been enough q&a to demonstrate incredible incompetency. Vote NO.
a reasonable request was made by @SenSanders to lower the prices of prescription drugs but you didn't want to be reasonable eh?
What recourse do we have?  How does the committee chair have so much power? How is this not regulated?
your costituents deserve questions not political bias statements.
Your constituents deserve your approval of her. We know she will improve the education system. #2018 is coming Senator.
why wasn't vetting process completed #BetsyDeVos and why aren't u voicing concern
your constituents deserve a no on devos vote regardless of more questions.  Today's answers are enough!
in PA the large majority of charter's are performing worse than regular public schools w/no way to supervise or close them!
we need to know if she has support for over site of these charter's...something seriously lacking in PA!
thank you for standing up for PA and this country! #DumpDevos #DeVosHearing
she doesn't deserve more questions. She doesn't deserve the job! Doesn't know IDEA federal? Or proficient vs growth? No more!!!
Thank you!
you are just being a grifter for that teacher union money
There should be no time limit for any questions. These are important people that need thorough investigation to run our country. Why a limit
Amen.
sounds like she isn't very forthcoming. Examine her motives.
@StevenSinger3 Thank you Senator Casey!
Thank you, Senator!
absolutely ridiculous that she isn't questioned as other cabinet noms in more rounds. No precedent when she lacks experience.
Can't you make a motion to have additional rounds and put it to the committee? (I understand that you guys are outnumbered...)
please do. That was a trainwreck
thank you Senator Casey! Please oppose DeVos.
Children deserve answers!
uh, no. DEms just want to grandstand. Enough.
What are your plans for Friday, Senator?  Constituents need to know if you stand with John Lewis or with the traitor.
This constituent is watching and finds your request appropriate! For a nominee with so little experience more questions needed!
Reasonable? Asking more question with expose DeVos even more. #notfair #sosad
I think the Democratic minority ought to read “It Can’t Happen Here” as a possible playbook.
EPA climate data may be washed Fri
Stop your political grandstanding please. You've all had the same opportunities. SMH.
Yes, we do. Thank you, Sir.
if you haven't read this, you have no idea what's going on w/ DeVos: “Dark Money” Jane Mayer
absolutely!!
