After Trump nixed CSR payments, rates in PA individual health insurance market to go up 30%, per state insurance commissioner. 
So far Rs refuse to serve as an independent check and balance on @realDonaldTrump sabotage of our health care system
This @realDonaldTrump premium tax will make it harder for middle class families to make ends meet.
Senator, my premiums have DOUBLED each of the last four years under ACA. Your crocodile tears are partisan and ridiculous
No they have not.
Yes, my premiums went from $240 a month with a $1,500 deductible 10% to $992 a month with a $7000 deductible 20% copay
But your premiums have not "doubled every year". Did they go up? Yes. Premiums have increased steadily every year for the past 3 decades.
In 4 yrs the premiums have gone up 4x. The 3 yrs before that they increased by 15-25$. It’s increase that is greater than my total fed tax
Premiums have gone up every year. In my market, averaged between 8-15% every year in the individual and small business groups. Not doubled.
What market is that, everyone I have spoken with has seen 25-50% increases.  you must have employer ins & have no idea about ACA market
I do know what you're going to be faced with is going to be much more awful than the increases you've had once the Fed stops CSR payments
Obamacare did all the damage and you liked it so please help solve the problem and stop with the politics.
The ACA would be in much better shape without the obstruction and interference from GOP who just doesn't want a positive Obama legacy.
Not sure where you get your info but many states are saying 50% increases and some have only one policy choice - all before Nov 8th
Well, I mean, yes. We're now harvesting the fruit of a tree purposefully poisoned by the GOP.
It’s Trumpcare now.
No, it's back to Obamacare as passed. A federal court ruled there was no funding approved by congress, as required, for these payments.
What's that Jim?
A federal court ruled the payments to the insurance companies illegal. Shocking, I know, that the news omits that important tidbit.
So it's still Obama care until this court process
I don't think this administration is under any obligation to continue the appeal. Congress sued, the court ruled.
It would be hard to see how the case can be made that monies that have to by law be appropriated by congress, and weren't, can be paid.
Well the sad thing is these 2 party's didn't try to work it out find a solution
No, he's probably worried about constituents who won't be able to afford insurance. I have friends who only have insurance because of ACA.

This is outrageous the new costs of health care. Who’s going to held accountable? When will we all get affordable healthcare?
Hey little Bobbie how much do you think it went up under obama care?? Stop the lies
Do you read what you write?  My prem is up 300%+ since ACA, 30%  for next year.  Grow a spine. Stand for something and think for yourself.
he's really making a mess of all this! thanks, for your continued work to stop this insane man.
Please @SenBobCasey start MAKING Some NOISE Call these Brainless, Country killing, horrible excuses of human beings on what they are doing!
Trump must be removed...is no way to treat the people you are supposed to serve
The blame lies with the Democrats. They never intended for Obamacare to work.
Haha. I'm just gonna leave my comments at laughing... best of luck with your health coverage.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow can't wait until Nov 2018
For what??
You are stupid your eyes are blinded and are a Trump supporter your block
You know that is a lie premiums have been rising sharply and steadily since the ACA became law free is only free for some
You are such a liar.
Please do something. We have benefited from the ACA, with premiums that were cut by a third. We can not afford for them to go up.
Can't wait for PA to turn back to blue in the next election! Those very people who voted for trump are the ones who are now suffering.
What are your ideas? Many who were not getting subsidies already paying way more, for years! Where was your concern for them?
I’m scared to even look. We get no subsidies, so our insurance payment is already high...  if it goes much higher I’m not sure... sigh

@RepCharlieDent @SenToomey why are you allowing this to happen?
GOP you will be the object of public outrage if you do not clean up Trumps mess by making law to counter him. Or you could impeach him.
How?
Never think we haven't saved it all.  Is That My starter KIT  ?  
I look forward to seeing how much Trump voters like Trumpcare
IndivisibleOr. agrees  its not ACA OR OBAMACARE it's now TRUMPCARE "OWN WHAT YOU DO @realDonaldTrump " OUR NATION IS IN 4 A RUDE AWAKENING!
Obamacare
Has a president in the United States ever been fired because trump needs to be fired before he ends up killing people..........
So now you can buy affordable healthcare outside ACA. Okay?
They r a direct result of your failed socialist program u shoved down the throats of the American people
Thanks a lot, rural PA.
My Obamacare care premium more than doubled prior to Donald Trump being elected president.  ACA is awful. A few cannot subsidize the many.
Don't be so hard on him, @SenToomey @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLdr can take some credit for hurting millions of Americans and #RealPA
if you all would remove this Russian plant from office the entire elections process was rigged, all of this would go away
Seriously! What are you smokin'? We have been wiped out by OCARE. Wiped out! Stop your garbage talk and do your job!
Waaaa,waaaa,waaa.  Go cry to somebody who cares.  Ovomitcare didn't give me a subsidy and was unaffordable.  How about sharing YOUR Cadillac plan if youre so concerned, Senator?if not, #impeachcasey
Co sponsor the safe act.  Stop slaughtering America's Wild and Domestic Equines
Then Senator Casey why don’t you do your job and pass a replace and repeal with President rather than complain of sabotage
He's  doing what he said he would do. He's  following the law.
Ummmm let me get this straight so when you hold payment of subsidies then you directly increase premiums. I don’t get it
Bob..are you against POTUS rectifying a unconstitutional action by a previous  President...hmmmm
Impeach the idiot
Well just a question? If only 30% increase then those who received almost a 200% under Obamacare that would be 170% decrease for them?
Bobby you and the dems are the ones who screwed the American people. You can keep lying but everyone knows the truth.
Great job
My premiums for next year went up 35 %
Gotta say I don't feel a drop of sympathy for the Trump voters in the T, although I feel for Philly and P'burgh.
Trump doesn't have authority to issue an executive order such as this one.  So the AG must seek an injunction and declaratory judgment
This is Casey's attempt to pin #Obamacare failings on Trump.  Obamacare has been failing for the past 7 years & Casey knows it
Lay the blame correctly where it spawned - Marco Rubio. Then pile on Trump, McConnell, and Ryan. We citizens are all the victims here.
Actually result of Obama passing a bill without Rep support and using illegal payments to cover that bill
@POTUS posse help us get rid of Casey in PA. He's got to go. Train me I'll run against him.
It’s all about the profit margin and sponsoring of events
What was the cause for past 2 years????
States Control The Rates, my guess would be a Republican state.
Trump is sabotaging our healthcare But refuses to stop the taxpayer waste of his cabinet private airplanes  for vacations etc
He has a way to go to beat Obama usage for his vacations to play golf  .
Direct result of your trump vote
Don't lie
But Rand & Lindsey played golf.
Lie lie lie.   Don’t you think Americans have taken enough of Obamacare being forced on us??

What a lier Bob is...
Spelling is not you forte.
Con Man Trump owns health care in this country.
Sen Casey....would you prefer the President continue unconstitutional actions...
Baloney they are a direct result of your not properly funding the ACA to start with. More Libtard lies to cover up their hate of America.
I'm curious how your state's junior senator @SenToomey feels about this?
He's too busy working overtime to repeal taxation for millionaires.
And yet you don’t support Medicare for all like every other country has. What good are these tweets?
Medicare for all? This is what happens.
The front page of today's London Daily Telegraph.  Welcome to what single payer is really like. 
If that's true then why were the premium increases  30% to 100% announced in 2016 for the current year while Obama was president?  Oops.
In which State did rates increase 100%?
tell us why Obamacare is so great?  I don't have my original insurance, and my premiums keep going up?
Way to go Pennsylvania, putting scumbags like Drumpf and Pat Toomey in office instead of sane, humane women.
No Bob these are lies. You know Obamacare subsidies were completely illegal in the first place. The courts have determined.  TELL THE TRUTH
F&$k you pathetic clown
#TrumpCare has been destroying healthcare all year. Such cruelty.
You’re a moron, douche bag, my premiums are up over $1200 a month before Trump did ANYTHING, you’re an ignorant fool
Spread those lies Senator BUT your constituents know better
Lies? Did you not read the press release? Is fact now fiction and fiction now fact?
Thank you! I'm yelling this at the tv. Now I'm psycho.
Bob, projection much? Nice try.
Fake News... oh wait, carry on.
Those Preminums were going up since Obamacare
#DoYourJob
#RecallSenatorCasey
All U people do is lie! Can't U do what is right for the country & it not be partisan dishonesty? @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems
It figures the Democrats would want to support something that increases by 75 to 200% every time
Oh please shouldn't you be working on passing some appointees
@POTUS44’s @USTreasury & @FHFA looted @fanniemae & @freddiemac to prop up #ObamaCare #Fanniegate
.@stevenmnuchin1: The Obama admin used the profits of Fannie & Freddie to pay for other parts of the gov't while they kept taxpayers at risk 
The Onion has more accurate news than faux news.   Fox has actually been proven to make things up.  The REAL fake news is them.
http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2017/aug/3/obamas-irs-misled-obamacare-customers-audit/ …

@SenBobCasey where was the outrage when premiums AND deductibles were skyrocketing Bob, typical Dem hippocracy
I think supporting a HC system with Illegal funding is sabotage from the start Bob
Senator - unless Congress can solve the problem with a bipartisan solution, it's only going to worsen. #Trumpcare is #TrumpDeathcare
Uh what? This has been happening before he was even in office.
But but but...What caused the premium increases for the past seven years?? You are delusional.
States Control The Rates, my guess would be a Republican state.
They were scheduled to rise anyway you can't have so many people getting free insurance and not have increases for the rest#unsustainable
7.6% not 30%
That is the true cost to Americans who are actually paying to subsidize everyone who isn't did you think it was FREE ?
Obamacare was dead b4 @POTUS was elected. You're so out of touch with people who actually pay these premiums. #repealandreplace
In no way am I surprised by this. The GOP clearly has no interest in helping anyone who isn't in the top couple of percent economically.
Democrat policies spread poverty n increase d number of those dependent on the top couple of % If u can't make it in  ur doing it wrong
What are you going to do about it, Senator?
They're not going to do anything that's their Norm
Americans have a different view than you, obviously.
