Trump is slashing the Obamacare outreach budget (ads + in person assistance) 72 percent. 

https://www.vox.com/2017/8/31/16236280/trump-obamacare-outreach-ads …
Premiums and costs already went up! Do some research instead of pushing the left agenda. Thank yourself for that!
Blame the profiteering insurance cos and their outrageous profits. Rates were out of control before The Affordable Care Act.
You are correct. Unfortunately naming it The Affordable Care Act was misleading. Costs went up from bottom to top. The left passed it!
Please be fair and stop blaming everything on the other side. It's unbecoming.
i. e. Left   You must stop blaming all of those for whom the ACA is working.
It hasn't helped some of my employees who still can't AFFORD it. It certainly hasn't benefited those of us that already had plans. 
The rates went up more slowly than before the ACA. And they went up primarily because of the greed of insurance companies.
So we agree? A flaw in the ACA! Didn't cover all bases.
I can't wait until Barletta takes your seat
Then you must not give a damn about your own well-being.
Oh absolutely I do, which is why I vote republican every year
Even that, that you consistently, mindlessly vote by party without considering the particular candidate, is self-defeating.
It's far from mindless. I research & read about every candidate. I just can't help that the best candidates are Republicans year after year
I guess you should have passed #SinglePayer as 80% of the citizens demanded.
That wouldn't have been passable
Of course not! The PEOPLE want it, NOT the tools in Congress hired by the 1%
Sickening thought and definitely a lie. Do you make it up as you go as all Marxist progressive communist despots do?
That's your highly intelligent & thought-provoking response? 
Wolf is right: 
"There are common sense changes that can make the cost of care less expensive and more accessible"
If it's so great, why advertise? Pretty sure every American knows Ocare exists.
Better than that Bobbie, why don't you have it? Why did you exempt yourselves? What a bunch corrupt politicians.
Health Care is not role of government. Where does the constitution state that it is?  hoping you don't get re-elected.
My rates doubled since Obamacare but I guess people like me don't matter. You don't listen to us.
What are you doing about the sabotage of ACA and many articles on rates going up bec of it but higher rate hike if Trumpcare. Can't u stop?
NO Obamacare has done this and anyone who voted for this CRAP.
No. You did that by approving this mockery.
The Trump Team (and their Mercer backers) clearly doesn't care one bit about what happens to regular Americans.
The democrats created Obama care that drove up premiums and costs for families. Repeal now.
I am 63 years old Middle class  american & was priced out of having insurance.  ObamaCare is $850 a mo with a $6250 deductible! WORTHLESS
So this has been going on for decades. You just don't notice because you have government insurance
Trump is an enemy of affordable Healthcare. Everything he says about Healthcare is Lies.
When the architect of Osamacare said Americans were stupid, I'm sure he was talking about you
They have been climbing long before this admin took office. #lookinmirrorforproblem
For those barking, maybe it could've been better, if not for...
That was bi-partisan compromise to get the bill through. Conveniently, it's those very Republican ideas they now criticize and blame.
Most people's take home pay is less than it was 15 years ago because of rising healthcare costs
Worse, they'll find a way to blame it on Obama and Obamacare.
Trump is saving this nation from the disastrous policies from the Obama era! Obamacare was DOA!
Obamacare was designed to fail. Everyone knows that. Too bad Hill wasn't there to bail you all out. Lmao! MAGA!
Trump is a disaster and failure, a-z.
You destroyed our health care system and are responsible for it. You designed it to fail for single payer socialism.  No thanks
When are you and your fellow senators (both sides) going to impeach this psycho?
good 100 M in advertising when u r can't afford it is good discretionary cuts...u spend money without concern for the taxpayers
Bob! Cost has been going up before he came along. Where have you been?
So he's costing Americans their jobs.
Speeding up the ACA's death...& it is dying. How about a new plan??? Or does that require more work than lobbing criticism??
Let's be clear: Trump is sabotaging the ACA. Insurers are rethinking marketplaces bc he is threatening to pull subsidies. STOP THEM VOTE
Democrats refused to do ANYTHING to help fix Obamacare.  It's all on them.
No bob you and the democrats did that all by yourselves that's the more idiotic thing that you have said in a while
That so they can shove their wealthcare down our throats while blaming the dems for the ACA failure their God is almighty dollar sign
He's committing treason and federal robbery against America.  Throw him in jail.
could it be that there isn't money for all this crap???
lets be somewhat serious ,this is Obama care, you all caused the mess ,not Trump. You really are a jerk.
get your head out from wherever it is and see the sunshine.
the aca is self destructing from the start. as an ins agency owner, i  have seen folks overly stressed since it's onset. stop the politics!!
What about the last 7.5 years. You have been driving up the price because it's a poor  plan. Enjoy your last year in office.
Everyday, @realDonaldTrump  @POTUS @SecPriceMD reconfirmed that they don't care about the people who need help most in our country.
He's a traitor
Oh for shits sake ....do gou come up with this bullshit on your own??
Good Grief, Casey, that's what YOU did voting for Obamacare. You failed us. Now quit the partisan crap and work for the people you represent
Try working with our President & stop being obviously a Partisan!
Lmao
You R so full of party bs. When will you have a mind of your own
for those that ever believed that @realDonaldTrump cared one bit about your healthcare, here is your proof, #liedAgain
Stop lying Bob #Oust Bob Casey in 2018
The Republicans insisted on amendments that gave too much leeway to insurance companies. The ACA was originally intended to help.
This is so infuriating. They have no respect for the law or the people.
BOB, that's an OUTRIGHT Lie.  The R's' & Trump hvn't passed new Healthcare laws. Is it true that the current  O care was passed by 60 dems?
Are you seriously trying to blame this administration for the ACA failures. My premiums tripled long before trump was even elected. GTFOH
Oh you're still here Bobby? Why do have to put up with this BS until 2018 can't you go now ?
Casey = Toast
#ImpeachTrumpNow before it's too late.
You're wrong it's obamacare that's causing that Trump is only stopping the waste you want to bailout a broken system
Please don't make me laugh senator! The The so-called ACA has been nothing but a disaster from the start. It's ruined my husband's life!
If your husband is utilizing the ACA marketplace, it's because insurance companies and employers had already created that hell.
And who suffers for #trumplethinskin's jealousy of @POTUS44? Folks who need healthcare. 

#trumpPoliciesStink #GOPpoliciesStink
There are no words
When are coward @GOP going to do something? @Humana Blue Cross Where are the health insurance companies @UHC Speak up against bully Trump
so you think paying $400 a month and having a $10,000 deduction is affordable? I want your health insurance
Obamacare is your fault You passed it. You've ignored that it is broken for 7 years. Americans are suffering without healthcare
Its time for Democratic leaders to call for Trump impeachment
The fatal flaws of the ACA which were revealed as promised after it was passed, is sabotaging the health care system.
Don't pass the blame senator. You should accept some responsibility for giving us this failing health care system in the first place.
Really Bob. We need to advertise about healthcare. Oh, are these ads being shown in Mexico City?
Trump used  "free" air time to spread his "message".  Find a celebrity who is willing to help get the healthcare message out.
Please...HC sucked long before Trump thanks in part to you. You don't get to pass the blame on this one.
He & team are just downright mean people--all for themselves only
This guy is a run away train that his own party can't control.
Couldn't disagree with you more!!
Sen. Casey, what can we do as citizens and voters?
Costs were going up anyhow. Don't blame it on Trump.
Pushing for failure sp he can stick it to us more.
This guy is a disgusting #healthcare saboteur; plain and simple. Millions of people will lose for his "win".
STOP TELLING LIES
How much damage is he going to do before he's led out in shackles?
Obama care already did that
Tell that to @PatrickCToomey #boohiss
I think you mean @SenToomey and/or @PatToomey. Hey, @PatrickCToomey, I feel for ya, man.
Toomany Toomeys!
