@n00ge8 #Gorsuch rules without compassion. He would defend PLCAA against victims of Sandy Hook massacre.
Perhaps because it's the LAW.
SCOTUS determines constitutionality of LAW.
Is There an argument PLCAA is unconstitutional?
there have been several challenges already
A few challenges that were doomed to failure.  If this is really your gripe against Gorsuch ...
http://www.shb.com/~/media/files/professionals/behrensmark/secondcircuitupholds.pdf?la=en …
there are many paths. My concern is his likelihood of defending business over public safety
PLCAA is constitutional.  If you object to it, work with Congress to change it rather than perverting the judicial system.
Apparently mr truck driver wasn't bright enough to start his truck to keep warm and not leave his load. smh Mr. Casey
-14°. Busted heater. Waited in truck 3 hours bundled in blankets waiting for help that didn't show.
the APU and the heat of the power unit are two different things
He then came back to repairman finally arrived. He then hitched his load and made his delivery and was still fired. The
there is a ridiculous reason to vote against one of the most honorable judges to ever grace our congress you are out of line
He's not out of line. He's doing his job.
this is one of the most revered judges ever no one has any reason it's just about obstruction, open eyes not
It's about selecting someone who can make proper judicial decisions. Gorsuch apparently can't.
What's your fact on that or d u get it from national enquirer
maybe try giving all the facts. The truck ran, the heater worked, he was in no danger.
Sorry. Meant to say minus 14°.
truck still ran, heat still worked, he was in more danger getting out to unhook.
I read several articles. THE HEATER WAS BUSTED yet he stayed in the cab 3 hours waiting for help that never arrived.
the heater was busted? So why was he driving the truck in -14 degree weather?
There is also the possibility that his route wasn't soley going through cold areas so he chose to deal with it.
u dont just go from fair weather to -14.
As a PA resident, I can't wait to vote you out in 2018!
Sorry to hear that you will be defeated next time around.
Voting against is not enough. #Filibuster. Don't let vote come to floor. Seat stolen from Obama. Trump under investigation.
u know the people r sick n tired of-resistance 2 anything trump does-grow-up & do your job!! Gorsuch is a great honest judge
Thank you very much. I just came here to ask you to Vote NO on Gorsuch. He supports BIG business not the common person.
filibuster!!!!!!!
Please reconsider casting your vote for Gorsuch. He is an honorable man & I believe you still are also
Thank you!  On behalf of kids living with disabilities!  Bravo, Senator!
Thank you!
I am so happy we have one senator with morals and ethics, not like weasel Toomey. Thanks for working for the people of PA Bob
confirm our Supreme Court nominee thank you for supporting American voters
you are so needed in PA to offset evil! Thank you
that is our Senator. Hackjob Bob! Putting his party leadership before the voters here in PA. Time to dump this loser.
He completely voted for his constituents best interest.
Yeah keep smoking that crack Fuznut!
Why do you guys just hurl insults when you can't think of an intelligent response?  Playground.
Because Bless your heart!
Thank you.
You guys who are here threatening are Reps who would never vote Dem anyway and just came to harass. Face it, u lost this one.
there are no words for your broken moral character.
Another reason: Trump shouldn't get to nominate a Supreme Court justice during the final year of his presidency.
vote for him or you are done next election
Really not.
@HouseDemocrats @SenateFloor STOP GORSUCH!!!!!!
@raefino vote for this great man. Supreme Court is where he belongs. Thanks 
then we will vote you out
that's to bad
I'm embarrassed 2 have u as a senator in my state.
Good go for it
aaaaaand you lost my vote. Good luck next election cycle
He got in just and he will again. Has plenty of voter support already.
we shall see.
It's cause U R part of the loony dem cult. Every day their rhetoric sounds more maniacal spewed forth by antediluvian leaders
Why did no one, including Biden and Schumer on the Judiciary Committee, voice opposition to his Appellate confirmation? Weird?
Bobby, Bobby, speaking of taxes Mr. Hypocrite, did you pay taxes on your your Big Pharma money????
I agree with a Senator who does his homework  on judge appointments. You'll get my vote.
That's ok I'll vote against YOU in 2018.   Let's replace you with Rick Saccone 2018
Thanks! And we will all support your re-election! We're behind you!
With or without ur vote Gorsuch will be confirmed & PA will remember to vote you out. Via Twitter, Trump will remind us
Thank you Senator Casey! Now talk to PA's other senator, Toomey, who is so deeply MIA that I think he's in witness protection!
And I will likely not vote for you when you run again. Very disappointing, Senator Casey.
You guys didn't vote Democrat to begin with. Just came here to harass.
Thank you! Voting  No is the right thing to do!
thank you for taking the time to succinctly explain your reasons for this vote! I support you and you decision to block
u want a left leaning judge dat will violate & rape d constitution & forget our laws  PA voted 4 President Trump remember that
, Flawed rationale, punting responsibility as lawmaker is "Why I'll vote against Casey." SCOTUS should not clean up ur mistakes.
Thank you! @SenBobCasey
Guess we need to vote in a smarter Sen?  Maddin wasn't freezing, he drove away, heat was fine in truck.  He didn't want to wait
and now you know why u'll b voted out in 2018.  Pretty simple isn't it? U can start applying for ur consulting job now.
I don't know if this is the fight to make.   Vote no if it is on merits.  Don't filibuster it will make us looks like asses
Hopefully, Bobby C, you will be joining the unemployment line in about a year and a half
your a Democrat...
Thank you for looking out for your constituents best interests!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you!  We do not need a corporate puppet in the Supreme Court!
Thank you, Senator! This constituent is so proud to have you supporting us.
thank you for saying NO TO GORSUCH
Thank you Senator, for voting against a nominee who ruled that autistic children deserve only the most minimum education.
People of the Great State of PA....remember this when voting next election- DRAIN THE SWAMP!!
I will.  I will remember that Senator Casey puts people before corporations.
Because you're a Democrat, plain and simple, no other reason.
Thank you for standing up for what seems like an all out assault on the middle class.  #NoAHCA #NoGorsuch #NoBudget
Thank you Senator, for proving again that you are an empty suit incapable of making the right decision. Schumer is proud of you
scary how out of touch you are with real people. TransAmer-Maddin's case was drivers own fault for running out of fuel!
thank you senator Casey!
bob you remember what prez candidate won PA in November right? Start getting your resume together...
You've earned my vote Senator!  Keep it up!
Thank you Senator Casey! Leadership we can rely on.
you cant stop the Nuclear Button Bob...
and ill vote against you soon Bobby...
Gorsuch is the puppet of dark money from private investors, he will not be fair and just.
filibuster, force them to go nuclear.
yes. By all means...force them to go nuclear. The R's will not only get this one but AT least 1 more...
I support your actions 100%. You've always had my vote!
Thank you!!
Great. NE PA will vote against you in 2018.
R pretending to be D, coming here to threaten because they lost a destructive bill and want to get even. We will vote for him again.
Gorsuch is exceptionally qualified.  Did you bother to look at his other thousands of rulings? #obstructionist
I just published why I'll vote against you in 2018. Right here and now. Dale Kerns for U.S Senate.
Bobby Caroline and I are not alone...Shape up or you're out!!
YOU ARE THE BEST
THANK YOU, @SenBobCasey, for your eloquent analysis and for taking seriously the trust we have placed in you.
.@SenBobCasey.@socanlady Sen Casey... Thank you! Now we need to stall our govt. till a open nonpartisan investigation of russia/trump
Shawn, it's buried under the tree in your back yard.,.,
I just tweeted, why I'll vote against Bob Casey...
#MerrickGarland #StopCitizensUnited #StopGorsuch VOTE NO
@pagop  You need to endorse Gorsuch an properly represent PA
We know what it says. The other democrats have my balls in their pocket and I don't care about PA only getting support for reelection.
did your god --obama tell you not to vote for gorsuch--bobby you r. a weasel showing you yellow
You supported Sotomayor! The MOST LIBERAL justice on the bench! You just took buffoonery to a higher level! #GorsuchHearing
That's it? That is why?
.@SenBobCasey @wqed @Medium He's going to get confirmed.  
Please SUPPORT Judge Gorsuch!!!
Thanks Senator.
great job copying talking points by Schumer . No original thoughts in your brain.sad rep for PA
@wbrewyou @Medium loser
thank you! #StopGorsuch @POTUS is under FBI investigation for collusion w Russia! @SenFranken #trumprussia #impeachtrump
Thank you, Senator Casey! Proud of your hard work in representing us. From a PA constituent.
AND filibuster the fuck out of him, RIGHT???
we want Garland.
It matters not Bob. You cant stop this from happening and you know it.
Maybe, but all he is responsible for is voting his conscience. Sometimes that's the best you can do.
We Pennedsvinians applaud  You Sir.  
I have really come to appreciate your hard work, sir. Voter in PA. Must vote Toomey OUT
Bravo  U have my vote & support in 2018. Take Sen & Congr control. It'll take a bit longer but we'll free PA of @SenToomey too
You forget that this State was flipped. You are on the losing side who continues to lose seats and power.
K
Thank you for standing with "We the People!" #SCHIFF2020
I agree completely with your take on the situation Senator Casey! thank you for looking out for us little people!
No problem with character just how he judged based on laws. You guys make the laws! Make some in favor of families & not corps
Thanks for your service!
And you don't sound very intelligent
Thank you Senator, from a PA constituent
Thank you, Senator!
Torn about Gorsuch. Emphasizes due deference needed toward congress but doesn't recognize SCOTUS cases not always cut and dried
Term limits!!
Thank you, Senator Casey
Many good reasons to vote against Gorsuch; first is that he's not Merrick Garland.
that seems more like a plus. Hasn't Obama messed the country up enough for you people?
Thank you for representing what your constituents want! #NoGorsuch
@NicoJStarr I applaud you sir #StandingUp for the ppl 
Good for Senator.  I hope that others follow your lead.  Yesterday's SCOTUs rebuke of his lower ct decision says volumes
Thank you, Senator, from a constituent.
Because you are playing partisan politics?? Tit for tat for Obama?? Gosuch better be confirmed... Says a constituent of yours.....
Couldn't be more correct
I really appreciate your thoughtfulness. Thanks for amplifying our voices, Senator!
why even vote at all?  #resist
ur voting no due to one verdict out of 2700? If that was the case no SCOTUS nominee would ever get confirmed. Reason u must go
Thank you Senator! You make me proud to be a PA voter. #NoOnGorsuch #WeObject #SCOTUS
Awesome, thank you Senator Casey!
I guess that is why I will vote and campaign against you. All politics Mr Casey - shame on you!
who cares... your jealous of a real intelligent man.
now you're so popular you stink
The most qualified judge & you block.
If he isn't qualified then the 2 on the right doesn't. Man ur being spiteful
WHY WOULD U VOTE AGAINST YOUR OWN PEOPLE EVERYONE LIKES GORSUCH
Thank you, Senator!
