We are all very proud of you and other Democrats in legislature who are trying their hardest. Thank you.
thank you fir all ur hard work
This is why we will fight with all we've got to keep Bob Casey in office! I've never voted against Casey and won't start now.
he's a joke and he will be voted out we need someone that puts American people b4 politics vote no for Casey
You're clearly unfamiliar with Sen Casey's actual record. Please review his votes and get back to me.
anyone can listen to what bob writes and it's obvious that he's a divider instead of a problem solver criticism easy
Huh?  How so?
he's always talking how badly other people are doing but never does anything constructive on his own he's a puppet
you go Bob Casey.  You know why you were elected. Thank you
Rick Saccone 2018
do your job bob the people got rid of your policies remember your term is up next you lose.
yep thanks for fighting to keep my families health care more expensive and less affective. It is good for some but not for all.
Thank you Senator.
We have your back.
no we dont
@Caton_Street We do, the majority do.
Bring it on!
senator Casey to give town hall Sunday in philly. Time for a red wall of support and pressure on ACA
Trumpcare will fail cuz 2 many R's & no Ds will support. PA not a red wall when it comes to healthcare
sure is chubby.
May God find it in his heart to relinquish you of hate.
The anti-Trump grassroots movements are your air-cover - there hasn't been level of organization and energy in my lifetime #BringItOn !!!
Go get'em Senator!!
heh
We are behind you. There is no turning back. America is great. 
#don'tletTrumpdestroyit.
Thank you Senator for truly representing your constituents!
a Bad Replacement plan is just what it is A bad plan! Fix ACA or find something that meets the people's needs not Republicans
raise up your voice Bob, Tell all those Scotf Wagner fans how much more $ they'll be paying in York Co for health care
absolutely.... ACA needs to go !
Harry Reid showed us the use of the "nuclear option". We'll leave that on the table Bobby.....
always good for a nice laugh! When Trump stumps in PA with one of your GOP opponents you are going to get crushed!
we are 100% behind you here in Elkins Park!!!
you have never been in a fight in your life casey. you & Obama have no thoughts about the common man.( term limits)
Thanks for fighting!  But the lies & conspiracy theories threaten the function of govt and POTUS must go!
Thank you for all you do, sir! I wish @SenToomey would learn some lessons from you! Maybe he will learn when we #DumpToomey
back to bed Bob
Good for you, sir!
Thank you Senator!
Support Preet Barara in becoming Special Procutor and Arrest trump for treason
Just signed up for ins through ACA. (I live in York PA) With tax credits, cost is OK. Asked what if GOP repeals. No one knew.
Keep up the fight. Trump does not care about destroying America's lives. He has lied about everything and destroyed everyday.
Thank you for standing up against tyranny!
you & your liberal Dems have killed middle-class & now stand by while our whole health care system implodes from Obamacare,2018
Awesome!! 
Yea, Trumpcare is nothing more than a tax break for rich  on backs of seniors...Unbelievable, MoCs in PA #6 listening 
loving you more every day, standing up for what's right for citizens, Trump supporters or not. Decency & righteousness prevail.
It was designed to fail--morph into single payer system It's imploding. Let's let it happen You can take the credit. Dufus
ever think of running for president?
You go Bob!
the only way you will lose my vote is if you vote for this!
The ACA needs work not replace and it helps more people than it hurts- by thousands
rock on senator bob!!
Yes! Stand your ground. I'm glad you're my Senator.
Proud to have you as my Senator! Can't say that about the 'other one'. Keep up the good fight!!!
stay strong. Pa appreciates you. Wish @SenToomey would stand with you. #Trumpcare =#WealthCare not better affordable care #GOP
3 words, Impeach that TRAITOR!!!!
got to give you credit BOB you do work hard at dividing like for just once you'd put the American people be4 politics
Really? "Party before country" is the republican motto.
So proud of you. I've been really freaked ou by what's going on. Glad to have you in PA.  Thank u.
Thank for your continued efforts to listen to your constituents and do what's right, unlike @SenToomey
Yep! Bring it on. This PA voter is ready. Stand up & speak out. We will not be silenced! You have my support... still.

you're as confident as Hillary was a few months ago.  Can't wait to vote you out.
fighting for big pharma subsidies like you gave Exelon $7.6 billion instead of schools & local communities?
I'm thinking more like see you later
give them hell
Yes! Thank you Senator Casey
I'm with you. But assume nothing. Their plan is foolish, but it may help to have "common sense" solutions to ACA issues on tap
why?
with an army at your back...we stand with you and for Americans!
no way
no way we don't stand for Americans?
thank you for fighting, Senator! It means so much to my family!
You make me a proud Pennsylvanian 
he makes me sick
Thank you Sir. You know you are on the side of right and we will do our part to support you.
no eay
Thank you...
he wouldn't even be able to tell you what's in the plan, except that it's "complicated and very simple." #SaveOurCare
$157 billion in tax cuts for earners > $1 million hidden in AHCA. Let him put that on a sign at his rallies.
At a boy, Fight for what's right for Americans.
reapeal
We're with you Senator Casey! Stand strong in all issues
Fight Fiercely Senator
I'm with you
not me
Yes, that is my Senator! And here is to a Democratic Congress after 2018 after ACHA.
#flipthehouse, #movethesenate
how can you honestly defend Obamacare? It is a disaster and you know it. This will end your career senator. We will see to it.
three more words: repeal-repeal-repeal.
 With you all the way!
alright there president bush
Resist
Thank you for your efforts!
seriously?
Better than Toomey.
SO MUCH BETTER!  Never forget that Toomey was bought by DeVos.
I love you
senator Casey to give town hall Sunday in philly. Time for a red wall of support and pressure on Obamacare
we have your back!
Thanks for fighting!   #investigatetrump
two words: term limits.
