#CBOScore over $830 billion in cuts to Medicaid- This will devastate rural PA, seniors, and individuals with disabilities.
#CBOScore: Under @HouseGOP bill, 23 million more uninsured in 2026. Tell me again how this help PA families? (It doesn't)
.@USCBO: Under AHCA "1/6 of the population resides in areas in which the nongroup market would start to become unstable beginning in 2020"
.@USCBO: instability in insurance markets in 2020 would be directly caused by the @HouseGOP health care bill. [Pg 5 https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/hr1628aspassed.pdf …]
.@USCBO: In States with AHCA waivers, premiums for low-income elders go up by 800%
A 64yr old PA resident under the @HouseGOP bill's benefits waiver: net premium could go from $1,700 to $13,600
.@USCBO: "People who are less healthy.... would ultimately be unable to purchase comprehensive nongroup health insurance.."
.@HouseGOP likes to say they added extra funding for the sick but @USCBO says it's not enough to cover premiums. It's a scam.
It’s pretty obvious why the @HouseGOP didn’t wait for a CBO score before voting; this report is scathing. https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/hr1628aspassed.pdf …
.@USCBO: "as passed by the House, would tend to increase such premiums before 2020, relative to those under current law"
CBO identifies services that could no longer be covered AHCA waiver scheme: "maternity care, mental health and substance abuse benefits..."
CBO: coverage for rehabilitative and habilitative services, and pediatric dental benefits could be gone under @HouseGOP health care bill.
hey Bob I don't wanna shit in your soup but ACA premiums are going up 50% in 2018 for VA what happens when ACA fully fails? How many lose HC
The Republicans just sent the ACA to Legislation Heaven.
What happens to health insurance in 2018 is on them.
Cuz of what a CBO score? lmao
Because they control House, Senate& WH.

Oh, sorry, I forgot: Rs don't understand the concept: "responsible for what happens on your watch."
ACA is what we are fixing that happened under Barry. Trust me we are very well aware Dems are not in power thank god  #MAGA
Fixing? You are being duped
Oh I'm being duped?? EVERYONE knows ACA has failed. Put down the Kool aid if you really want to help Americans
Read the CBO report
Is that on top of the expected Obamacare increases?
Help us Casey! We the people feel like nothing is making sense anymore!
Stop liar. Dems didn't fix ACA for 7 yrs. #SenCasey usually slept thru life. Fix ACA or work w/gop to fix mess. My premiums up 118% in 4yrs
@SenBobCasey Doesn't matter if Obamacare won't even be around.
you have got to be kidding only 20% Obamacare went up 200% your career politician at work sick of you
Well that's alot better then 100 to 200% under Obamacare
Weird. In 2016 it was 32.5% But I'm sure that was your next tweet.
Not many families can....NATIONWIDE!
Thank you for standing up for the people of PA.
since u don't pay for ur own insurance u have no idea what it's like to buy it today...u r clueless.
No, and families w/ special needs already suffer enough. This would be an awful burden. Deadly.
How bad did they go up under ACA? Wait; some companies just flat out pulled out of the exchanges. Be part of a solution and not the problem
No they can't. Pa premiums are high. :/
Hi Trumpsters! You voted for this con artist. Stop supporting him now. He's betrayed you, just like he's betrayed your country.
@midsummer_dream @USCBO not many can
How about up 100% + under Obamacare!
All your spouting is no good to us if you can't influence your colleagues to vote against it including the elusive @SenToomey
How much would premiums go up under Obamacare? Can PA families afford that? Honest question.
Last time I checked, ACA was the law in place - please get your facts straight and stop spreading false information
There will be no more plans under Obamacare by 2018 at the rate they drop out.  Do something besides argue that GOP plan is bad.
Fight the good fight! TY
Please do all you can to help us. Everything is so scary...the GOP doesn't care if we die in the streets. SAD
Can't afford ACA but you still supported it!!!
well you definitely won't be able to afford the ACHA either.
Oh well In that case let's just keep the ACA.  really!!
so you want to pay even more then with this new crappy plan.  
CBO said ACA would decrease premiums by $2500. That of course was a load 
well blame your insurance company.  They caused this.  Because they want to ... http://tmi.me/1fiIdQ 
I've seen this movie before... then i see the dead bodies being thrown in a wheel barrow in a pile ...
Considering what Ds have done to healthcare lies huge premium increases 10K deductibles lost coverage you should thank Rs for saving you
How much did they go up under Obamacare?
A lot... but now even more on top 
Dems plan had HUGE increases, for good of all, but Trump proposes something with small increase and it's tragic. Hypocracy.
Wow, I need hand surgery. Paying $800 a month premium but can't afford the 6k deductible. Something needs to change.
So true. Only the rich can afford decent health insurance. Middle & low income ppl will for the most part have to do without. IMMORAL!!
Except now they are not forced to buy insurance under threat but who cares about facts, right?
@blazinovensllc no one can afford this...
Thank you
Then cosponsor @SenSanders bill for #SinglePayer and the number of uninsured Americans can drop to zero
I am also 62, so have that against me w/persisting condition of kidney stones & vertigo...cannot afford trumpcare!
Thank you
Unless you're one of those Americans in the top 2% I don't think most people can
afford a 20% increase on anything. #AHCA is a #GOPscam!
No we cannot! Retired w/$1071 a month, that's it. Food, utilities, meds, taxes...please continue to fight for us, sir!
My biggest concern is the return of annual and lifetime caps on pay outs and the return of no coverage for preexisting conditions. All lose
Now tell us about Obamacare bc ppl in PA cant afford it. By the way, didn't you vote yes for Obamacare?
Senator you are #fakenews #sethrich look out
and under O care it will go down ??
Are you guys doing anything???
so 23 million of us are going to die  that makes me feel ever so good
It's crazy right?!?! Maybe it's time 2 co-sponsor Bernie's #MedicareForAll bill?Otherwise, u're just pandering. Obamacare doesn't solve this
If you believed the CBO score on #Obamacare, which was wildly wrong, it is no surprise you'll tout this one.
CBO estimates on Obamacare off by billions. The # of people predicted to be insured under the legislation were overestimated by 10 million.
"Coverage" is meaningless if you can't afford the insurance. You know this (or should), so stop the disinformation, Senator...
Bob, stop the lies. Obamacare is still there nothing has been voted on for Trumps healthcare. All the failing is on Democrats.
Hey @RepTimMurphy - you are cooked in 2018!   You are a KOCH BRO!!!
They've tripled under Obama. Get a clue Bob.
I can't afford what we pay now under ACA.  What is your proposal?
Seems you will pay twice as much for less coverage now...interesting.
Absolutely agree...this is not healthcare but highway robbery.
This is so SAD.
Well this is what PA voted for...
With this health care bill and the proposed budget no one will be able to afford healthcare
Well i guess its time for people to get off there couch and get those full time jobs that are coming. Is it to much to ask of people.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey for being a leader Pennsylvanians can count on to serve their best interests. @SenToomey, please follow suite!
How much were they up under aca. Pa hates you. Liar
Wow way to go republicans.kill the poor and destroy the middle class!keep the wealthy rich speaker Ryan.so proud of you guys
Does it cover caskets and cremation?? #paulryanhumancentipede
Decrease military spending, tax the rich, feed the poor, increase education funding, there is no excuse for Americans not having healthcare.



Premiums went up more than that under ACA .. yet you did nothing about that!!!
Not to mention that this savings on the back of the sick, poor will then be turned around to give millionaires and billionaires tax breaks
Hey bob my premiums went up 200 percent under you and the democrats the last 7 years why should I believe you now you lied before
But this example-one of MANY Mississippi:
2013 Monthly Premium: $211
2017 Monthly Premium: $455
Increase  116%
 
Thanks, #OBAMACARE
Be the same increases in ACHA. The premiums will ALWAYS go up. Insurance companies will always get theirs.
When in history have premiums skyrocketed over 100% outside of war and Obamacare? #never
Well welcome to the present and future of healthcare, ACA or ACHA.
Under this Budget everybody will die.   Except Adult White males.   And the Russians.
You honestly can't sense the sarcasm in that tweet?
All good!
Yet the state went red. It's maddening. These red states made this bed for everyone and will suffer because of it.
Take #CBO seriously but not literally. Better than 125% premium increases & collapsing access already under #Obamacare #VeryFakeNews
Pa working professionals can't afford this!
"Republican health care SCAM", sir...
Under this Budget everybody will die.   Except Adult White males.   And the Russians.
Okay? But, I'm an adult white male, and I'd rather die than let my wife, future children, and fellow countrymen suffer. Kill me instead.
Save the drama for your mama, sheep.    If you actually thought for yourself you'd find out that premiums will go down.  Dims lie.
Couldn't agree more. Most people of PA aren't aware of impact. @ProfAmyE is hard at work in Allentown trying to create awareness.
Under this Budget everybody will die.   Except Adult White males.   And the Russians.
Can you share that with @lutherstrange please?
