Reagan allowed millionaires to become billionaires. Trump will make those billionaires trillionaires & People & Planet will suffer.
God forbid people make money and not want to give what they've made to the government. How evil of them to do that!
It's not about taxes vs no taxes but who is paying to lower taxes. With Trump plan It's you and I, not the billionaires.
Except the plan reduces the tax burden on the middle class...?
No it does not. Need to do research Ethan. In fact in certain cases taxes will go up.
Really because everything I've seen says much is still unknown in regards to the new brackets and such so I'm not sure how you can say that
Yes, thats why I said they go up in some cases. In other cases its not known yet. What IS known is that it benefits the wealthy in ALL cases
The plan allows for Congress to modify the top bracket so not necessarily. In any event we can have this discussion and six months and see
Since when are lower taxes not a benefit? Taxes aren't necessarily going up on anyone so why the hell is that not good?
Taxes are the price we pay for living in society. I know you’re in high school, but did you not read economic philosophy yet?
College actually and yes, but I consider all forms of taxation except what is necessary to minimally operate the gov't to be slavery/theft
And the amount needed to operate the government in my opinion is far less than what the current tax revenue is
Too many dollars supposedly donated to #charity to help the poor are actually spent glorifying the giver.b
It's great when people donate to hospitals. The problem is donors often want to give buildings. Hospitals need unrestricted funds for the most efficient use of dollars.
Beggars can't be choosers Laura.
Excuse me, but I don't consider people who have fallen on hard times beggars. This could happen to anyone of us and has happened to me.
No not what I meant. The hospitals can't be choosers. Would be great if they could but if a rich guy wants a building thats what'll happen
But that kind of charity is not as helpful to aiding the sick and indigent.
Yeh, no shit
But... Trump won't benefit at all...

Despicable
Look at that smug devil
Really? You compare ME to HIM?
Maybe @FLover61 hasn't been introduced 2 the glorious, yummy, heart-stopping sexiness of #LuciferMorningstar  @LokiLoptr
Doc premiere 
He'll float to
Trickle down Trumpinomics for me, I have this for Trump.
THE NYTIMES TWEETED THIS! #ThePenMightierThanSword
Barf!
These sleaze bags are stealing your money. This is why people can't afford college or a decent life.#lies #Taxes #Thieves #RichPaidByPoor

He does not live in the world where we have to work. I'm glad to work, but I want fair wages and I want my kids to have healthcare.
Trump's answer to those who need help getting out of poverty: don't be poor! He also suggests being born to a rich family
The people who couldn't see this coming, the people who voted for this disgrace & all Trump supporters. You deserve it.
I deserve to keep more of the money I work my ass off to earn? Why thank you! I agree
Yep you get to pay more and the 1% pay millions less.  Enjoy!
Doubling the standard deduction reduces taxable income. Common core math isn't working out too well for you socialist liberals, huh?
It is evident you didn't read the plan.  Eliminating deductions for taxes and then for personal exemptions increase taxable income.
Doubling the standard makes itemized deductions unnecessary
Keep right on telling yourself that.  It is a yuge tax increase on the middle class.
Those who haven’t paid in shouldn’t get large refunds. The rich are the ones that should be getting tax breaks because they are paying it in
Yeah, tax cuts don't DIRECTLY benefit people who don't pay any taxes.  And the more taxes paid the more a reduction benefits.  So what?
You mean the poor that not only don't pay taxes, but also get a $2500 refund per illegitimate kid they pop out while on welfare? #TAXPLAN
I dunno. He said married couples pay no tax on first $24,000. Sounds like a direct benefit to me
Trump is DeObamanization of law with paranoid tweeterophilia and need to exist inside a reality distortion field that may destroy the World.
Mr. Washington here:  Can critics explain provisions that should be included within President #Trump’s #tax #plan?

That my friend is the GOP play book. Then they tell you just how great it is. Replace them then fix the tax code
Michael Frend for Congress

That comes as no surprise. Yet Trump's own wealth didn't come from hard work but from being born into a rich family.
The rich pay millions in taxes, doesn't matter what the tax plan is.. they still pay millions in taxes... why shouldn't they get a break?
Because they don't need a break.
So if you worked hardto reach your dreams and the government took half? Would you still feel the same way?
A true leader knows there is no freedom from duty—Trump is an illusionist conjuring cheap tricks for America sauteed in deceptive swill.
Zing. Bravo.
If only that would allow the rich to give more to the poor, oh it does. Now they can pay their people more and worry less about layoffs
Perhaps they could, but they won't.
Well that's a depressing and unfair assumption
Not unfair at all. There is no evidence that shows that tax cuts result in higher wages or more jobs. You have any?
Well the really poor don't work
Then need to be reviewed!!!
Jesus this is what it’s come to. America is only for the rich and the poor support the rich with taxes and the rich are exempt.
"Donald Trump "bankrupted" a golf course in Puerto Rico, leaving taxpayers there on the hook for $33 million worth of debt".

No one believe what you say anymore
It is ALWAYS about the WEALTHY and the POOR. Who loses? The middle class.  And everyone wonders How Trump won!
The Times once again proving they are untrustworthy.
Shouldn't come as a surprise.
What a surprise. 
Remember "trickle down"? They keep claiming by giving the extremely wealthy more money they'll invest in American & will trickle on down.
Of cours He takes care of himself and a
L his rich croniese
Read Trump tax plan. For truth, add "not" to each main point. Then you'll know his tax plan.  Not rich? Tough on you!
It's a @GOP plan ffs. Did anyone for a moment think the rich wouldnt benefit?
Shocker
Surprise, surprise.....
And raises the lowest tax bracket from 10% to 12%, a 20% tax INCREASE.
Surprised???
hmmm an increase in individual deduction to $12000 isn't a direct benefit?
Yup sounds like an @realDonaldTrump plan.  Matches his realestate strategy in NYC
Were you expecting something else! Wake up!
@realdonaldtrump

Your tax plan is hogwash. Trickledown/Reaganomics has led us to recessions or depressions.

#TrumpTaxScam
#Resistance

Wow. I'm so surprised.  #notEvenAlittleBitSurprised I'm more surprised it took him so long to do this. #selfishAsshat
No surprises there!
He's consistent
If the standard deduction doubles how is it not directly benefiting the poor? 
How can you give a tax cut to ppl who pay no taxes? 'Directly' sheesh
If I was president I'd raise taxes for the rich and lower taxes on the middle class and poor.

Trump and Republicans are trying to sell you the idea that American corporations need a tax cut in order to be competitive. It's rubbish. 
Trump 1st and people last. He’s never given back. He has not changed nor will he ever care about other people.
Of course it does.   Did we expect anything else?
I am shocked. SHOCKED!
WHY WOULD ANYONE THINK ANY DIFFERENT HE'S A FUCKING LIAR PERIOD!!
EXACTLY!!!

That's ALL HE DOES IS LIE!!

It's fuckin' RIDICULOUS.
Attention all you dumb fucks that voted for this guy. You are too stupid to feel stupid, but you are.
Is anyone surprised?  And it will hurt Medicare.
Then it won't pass.
EVERYTHING he is doing as potus is to benefit himself, himself and lastly himself.
Of course, did anyone really think he would help anyone besides the wealthy?Any middle class person who voted for him is in DEEP trouble!
Surprise Surprise & still they will believe he will make their lives better whilst he enriches only the 1%!
And this is surprising, how?
Fake news by corrupt media .. typical.
#FakeNews
I expected more intelligence and innovation from Goldman Sachs Alums who are leading this effort.  These guys aren't the "best of the best"
The wealthy consist of entrepreneurs and philanthropists that generate jobs though; maybe unless you're in the NFL or the New York Times...
Key word: Direct.  How can any tax cut provide "direct benefit" for those who pay no tax unless the money is just funneled straight to them?
He is such  a selfish idiot!
Of course the target was jobs and middle class - but that doesn't match your one sided messaging...
Abolish the current Tax Laws completely and go to a National Sales Tax! Trillions in illegal income would be taxed when spent!
#NotOnePenny @SenSchumer @NancyPelosi Trump must release his taxes
We were ever in doubt?
Exactly!
And this is a surprise to who exactly?
Louder please NYT
Actually everyone paying taxes will benefit, unfortunately New York Times does not care about taxpayers keeping our own money
How do you benefit the poor with tax policy when they largely don't pay tax.  Unless not giving them money is somehow unfair
False narrative
EXACTLY what was expected!
You mean the poor folks who already pay zero income tax will continue to pay zero, therefore they weren't helped?
There’s a shocker trump only cares about money and not about people, even though almost all of his supporters are of the working class
@karaswisher @PeterAlexander I chuckle when ppl consider it even theoretically possible GOP contemplates direct benefit 2 poor re:tax reform
Surprised!???
@KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump Must Read. Obviously you have not read the tax bill.
Doesn't it seem odd that we have a guy developing a new tax plan and we don't know what tax, if any, he paid last year, or the year before
Wow. I wish I was wealthy to become even wealthier ! Show me the $$$
The rich in power tend to prey on the poor.
Have the Trumps sent P. Rico help ? Their private plane ?So why do you think he is looking out for anyone but himself when it comes to taxes
Whose surprised?
You liberals lie all time with the same lines......same playbook......
Tough to provide tax relief to those that do not pay taxes.
"No direct benefit to the poor"? How can a tax cut provide a benefit to people who don't pay them?
DonaldTrump is A racist elected by the people to legally steel pillage and plunder destroying America ignorant voters scream yes yes yes
Hey NYT when has the tax plans ever include help for the poor. And how do u know it has large benefits for the wealthy.
Like HRC, not planning 2 bite hands feed 'em-Only enhance personal wealth-Diff? HRC does know how 2 act-BERNIE!!3rd Party-NOW GROW! #resist
Since when do the poor pay any income taxes ?
Trump's words and actions simply do not align.
What a surprise #TrumpCrimeFamily
What a misleading crockO'sh*t headline."The poor" are exempt from fed income taxes as is.What about the benefits to the MIDDLE CLASS?
Hacks.
"the poor" don't read the f*ing Times. Who are you pandering to? Going to do a "why the death tax is good" article next?
Wait, you mean even though he said "believe me" we shouldn't? What a surprise.
Um, "the poor" don't pay federal income taxes.
holo sir
Colour me surprised.
What took him so long!! Shocker!! Then you wonder why his administration is flying all over the world on our dime!!
Of course it does. Anytime he says "Believe Me" is a huge tell that he's spoofing
As usual
Oh my I am so surprised that his new plan benefits the super rich. That is the Republican way we all know that
Who actually THINK, THOUGHT he gives a damn about those who actually do the work..

The 1% will have so much money it will fall out of their pockets onto the street!  Here you go poor!
And this surprises?
Jesus wept !

GOP yesterday: We just cannot afford to ensure every American has health care. 

GOP today: Here's a $2 trillion tax cut for rich people.
Shocking!
The GOP............Hand in Hand.........or is it Hand TO Hand
Surprise surprise
Shocker.
Surprise!
#TweeterInChief - trickle down voodoo economics didn't work b4. Why should it work now?
Oh, yes, #TweeterInChief is gonna offset increased deficit with future increased revenue. Uh huh. This song sounds very familiar.
It raises the bottom tax bracket from 10% to 12%. A tax increase on the lowest taxpayers. Way to go Republicans!
Would anyone really expect anything less than greed & selfishness from Trump and his cronies?!
Of course

The look on his face says it all "I'm so good I've pulled the wool over peoples eyes yet again"

NYT spreading more alt-left liberal fake news
The estate tax does not effect the wealthy because the wealthy don't own any assets in their personal names. Entities never die!
How can tax cuts possibly benefit the bottom 3rd who do not pay any taxes? Tax cuts only benefit taxpayers, ie., those PAYING TAXES. DUH!
Poor get child credit refund if they file, being the only reason most poor do file.

That's what the #TrumpRegime is all about. Trump hijacked the election without POTUS qualities. What else is #DonTheCon in the WH for?
It's not socialism after all. So go stroke your beards.  It's a great tax plan #MAGA
Fake news.  Obviously not bothering to listen to its rollout or implementation.  Of course one or 2 people won't see benefit.

#Resistance Thread:

This is a must see. https://twitter.com/essenviews/status/913201121098788864 ……
That's what Americans want I guess
At least he is consistent.  Word is he didn't know that Puerto Rico was part of the US. Hilarious.
Stop it with the fake news.
So you're saying he doesn't really love his base....have they a clue?
Surprising no one...
Trump tax plan actually raises the taxes of the poorest income bracket & cuts the taxes of the rich. Robbing the poor to pay for the richest
@iamfonda @BCAppelbaum Mostly that's a self enrichment tax for DT
Shocker.
No surprise. That was always Trumps agenda - the people who will not benefit are his core base. Well let's see how long they remain loyal
The estate tax is #socialism on steroids. You build something to pass on to your heirs. The maffia state wants its cut to redistribute.
Earn money get a tax cut...Duh!
Trump/Macron même combat. Baisser les impôts des plus riches ou comment saigner le peuple
What else we expected!  Nothing more nothing less
@peralesjulie
Poor people are not the best people.
Perhaps that's because the poor don't pay taxes. I can't believe I'm having to explain something that obvious to the NY Fing Times!
Hmmm.. remember when he said his tax reform would benefit working class??!!  #FakePresident
Wow. OMG. I’m so shocked.
More crap from the nyt. The poor don’t pay taxes. The rich have tax lawyers to manage their obligations. This helps the middle class
as far as I'm concerned, any tax break is a good tax break. but that's just my opinion.
