Vote accordingly
Destroy the health care system and employment....
Tell the @GOP from me:  Hands off Medicare and Medicaid!  Please fight this, Senator!
Casey's a liar vote him out. Bought and paid for by George Soros to make you believe in him.
This is exactly the budget that the Devil would try to pass if he were President!
Well then get off your duff and do something about it! That’s your job! Not emailing for donations every 2 minuets! Whiner
Then you should be ecstatic, seeing that you are in congress and are probably one of the super rich.
So what will all of Congress do with their giveaways? .  I bet not one of you will see your taxes increase.
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/596338364187602944 … Shocker~~ @realDonaldTrump  lied again! 
I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
There you go trumpsters your no longer going to be able to afford those meds you need or yearly health screenings still think Trump is great
Yes. Also think the career politicians are nothing but liars in this market. Federal gov is in too much shit it doesn't need to be in.
Ur wrong sir
So was pillaging social security. Robbing Peter to pay Paul isn't right especially on the backs of your senior citizens.
Everything the @GOP and Trump are doing at this point is wrong.
I suppose you believe govt. should “do” for you as opposed to you “doing” for yourself. Hillary nor Bernie will ever be president. Move on.
We pay into medicare while we are working. It's not an entitlement, it's our money.
Medicaid will be given to states in the form of block grants. Casey is fear mongering.
I'm talking Medicare and vouchers in an amount the super rich think I deserve will not cut it. It's our money.
Your Dem buddies have been looting social security and Medicare for decades.
Reagan was the first to dip into SS. get your facts straight!!!
Something tells me that Jeff has never been one to let facts get in the way of his talking points.
WWJD? what would Judas do? Christians my ass!
Dont worry. When a neolib corporate dem becomes prez, a GOP budget will pass.
Ya think?
It’s a transfer of wealth from the very poor to the Uber rich. Like those schmucks need any more money.
2018 Remember 2018 and Vote Blue and knock these spineless bastards out of office so shit like this stops then we impeach Trump
As our population ages, we're cutting Medicare????
It should be illegal for them to touch our Medicare. Can corporations steal from their employee plans with impunity? What's the difference?
IF NFL PLAYERS CONTINUE TO DISRRESPECT OUR FLAG. I WILL NOT WATCH NOR GO TO A BALL GAME. THATS COST US 4 LIVES OF SPECIAL FORCES!!!
Some of us know how bad this will be.
Liar
People, don't believe the lies.

Murkowski Collins McCain
VOTED to gut $1.5 trillion from Medicare & Medicaid
For rich tax cuts + increased deficit
You are my Senator and I'm counting on you to fight this with everything you've got. Make it right and stop this evilness.
Sad..
You Dems still flinging around that liberal garbage.? Find something fresh.
I think @POTUS should cap the annual pay for @DNC and @GOP, anyone in politics at $100,000.00.
Is there a list of people to call?
Can it be filibustered?
While 22 Veterans commit suicide in our country every day and the V.A. lacks the leadership and funding to care for Veterans - zero funding!
And I'm going to see d results first hand as I work in a group home where all 4 of my clients have medicare.
The top 1% counts on debt, turmoil, war, inflation...
Intentionally created through the 1%, using the BIS, for their benefit.
Crazy inflatable half heartedly waving ted cruz tax cut displays! Crazy inflatable half heartedly waving ted cruz tax cut displays! Crazy inflatable half heartedly waving ted cruz tax cut displays!
Senator, this is beyond wrong. This is an act of mass murder
Don't defund my medical and then tell me it's broken. Smh.

Another LIE from BOB!!!
Thank you

All of this controversy about trump's cluelessness and kelly's lying are just distractions from the crushing blow about to be inflicted on our country by the republican tax cuts for the wealthy.
We need tax increases for the poor and the rich and tax cuts for the middle class.
it's speculated, can't see the tax returns that the president stands to save 23 MILLION $ on the backs of the American people!
This is reckless to say the least!
Shut down the whole show. No debt increase, no nothing.
Yep. All part of the Great Con.
If by “It’s wrong,” you mean a horrendously misguided attempt to please their donors—or as I like to call them—their pimps, yeah, sure.
No way can 500 billion in cuts to Medicare be a good thing....this cuts funding to nursing homes, so elderly will be out on the streets.
Another day at the GOP
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
#ShowUsYourTaxesTrump
RT
Oh no! I was counting on Dems to filibuster! How did this terrible budget pass? What happens next? Elderly mom needs her Medicaid and Medicare to live.
I AGREE! THE SUPER RICH DO NOT NEED A TAX CUT! THEY HAVE BEEN LIVING THE LIFE OF RILEY FAR TOO LONG! IT IS TIME TO COME BACK DOWN TO EARTH!
@SenateGOP won’t ever give up their healthcare yet they feel justified to take away programs that help many Americans. It’s outrageous!
Well Bob, what are you going to do about it?
Keep fighting for the people #defendMedicare #noTaxCutsforWealthy
The cut is more deeper than wrong.  My mother and sister who strongly support this admin will learn hard way at 84 &a sis w/cancer.

It’s a bill bought and paid for by the Koch bros. Shamefully disguised as a tax break for the middle class. A PROFOUND LIE!!!
I'll be sending all of my bills c/o Donald J Trump 1600 Pennsylvania Ave W D.C. and I will sue the #TrumpAdministration.
Since Medicare is paid for by FICA taxes, can congress legally raid it without passing a 60 vote in the senate? Procedure illegal maybe.
Repeal and Replace the @GOP. Nov 2018.
Wonder how many of those affected voted ReThuglican
Everyone needs to REMEMBER  this in 2018 & 2020!!!
It's more than wrong, it is evil. Thin edge of the wedge here, social safety net (SS, Medicare, Medicaid) is in danger of elimination.
Please stop this. I am 66 yo and afraid.
"not going to mess  with Medicare"
Really Donald?
The question is how to stop it.
oops. Will he walk it back? Kelly credit rating going down at record speed
Super wrong
It's @SpeakerRyan once in a lifetime chance to realize his dream to decimate @MedicaidGov Medicare. Bonus: tax cut for those who dont need 1
AMEN!
It's criminal!
So is the guy in the WH.
It's wrong  but not surprising
I guess that's you bob.
no ti is organised crime
I'm so disgusted with apathetic republicans. They only advocate for the 1% & corporations. They care nothing about the average citizen 
U all have to get him out-it is your duty& an OATH YOU ALL TOOK! NONE OF YOU ARE DOING YOUR JOBS& U R NOT PROTECTING US FM A MADMAN! imo
Can someone tell DT? He probably doesn’t know, typically who ever runs that place (FoxNews) doesn’t tell him. He might object??
Anyone who voted for this tax bill will have blood on their hands.
That budget must not pass!
Tom Ford handbags aren't cheap.
I don't understand why hardly anyone is talking about the budget that just past.
Okay senior http://citizens.You  better contact your GOP representatives about reducing the Medicare they promised you. The 2018 elections will be your chance to respond to their lie.

That's why Both Houses should be removed every 4/6 yrs cause the old pieces of ....are to rich
This cannot stand! Trumpi did say Medicare would NOT be cut! What now?
Yes it is. Greed and hypocrisy. Let’s flip the house and relieve these billionaires of their corrupting $$$$. Save them from themselves.
AARP & Boomers will have a fit
THAT'S  A LIE!
The rich get richer the poor get poorer
It-s maddening!
It's insanity. It's always about the rich getting tax cuts.What astounds me is what they squander their money on.No cuts needed if they stop
No kidding. And while they try to manipulate us to get more millions for themselves, people are literally starving and dehydrating to death.
I was just commenting on that.Making PR a state. Like that other Island. Hawaii.Think of all the jobs.Adding another star to Flag.Pfft Trump
Who needs him. Taxes from PR to the US. More Voters, The jobs to rebuild it. Who needs Trump. I'm the art of the deal!
Yes... that would be wrong. And you know who's job it is to stop it?  Why it's YOUR job Senator Bob!
Really? And Congress & Obama increased our debt by over $10trillion to, among other things, support your pet projects.
You're tax & spend strategy is ribbing us hard-working Americans. How about Congress live within your budget & stop wasting OUR money!
Let everyone on Medicare & Medicaid be advised: this is the time to make sure you can vote, then VOTE!! Make your voice heard! 
PLEASE VOTE!
And Drumpf said he "wouldn't touch" it. 
Drumpf supporters: google it. 
You can watch it come right outta that nasty piehole for yourselves.
Unfortunately too late
Look at the dumb Trumpkins here who say cuts to Medicare will protect it!  Congress can't touch it!  WE PAID INTO IT.  STOP THIS MADNESS!
PARTISAN!
This  is not good. We pay their salaries to take away from vulnerables for their donors
Anyone who votes republican that's not wealthy is an idiot
And if you are wealthy and vote republican-You're greedy and selfish. They've taken from us and given you too much already. And you know it
Give it up Mr Casey and go away!
You are now and always have been a liar like all liberals
Pretty broad accusation there, Don.
No but all the money you stole made you filthy rich and that's OK
The budget increases Medicare spending 82% instead of 99% which is really not cut at all a cut would be spending less not more
It's also not true
Finally, we agree on something!
Didn't Medicare get deducted from my paycheck?  Why is MY money being spent on a tax cut?
Cuz Donnie & Pals want it ALL.
I keep hearing super rich...can you put a $ amount on what you call super rich?
@thehill Well now isn’t that special! Baby Boomers now eligible for Medicare get it cut instead! Why have we paid taxes & GOP kills it?
Dial your phone and give em an ear full!
this is ridiculous
And we pay a separate tax for Medicare. If they want to give money to the rich give them the money put aside for the useless wall
U fucking idiot spreading propaganda. We're on to you! No more feeebies!
PROVE IT
It's nice that I have to die so the rich can get richer
Budget spends 82% more on Medicare than is currently spent. You're not going to die.
The bots are out in full force on this tweet. Casey must be honing in on something.
Why are we forced on it and you are not?

Not if most of the deductions are eliminated. He will probably pay the same as he pays now.

1 way or another,Trump/Koch bros/Republican goal is the same: enrich & gut Medicare/Medicaid. That’s why Trump won’t go w/healthcare bill!
Beyond wrong its inhumane
Tell us how to stop them.   Our votes don't count, cheats still get elected.   Need some progressive ideas
Get rid of the electoral college.
Solves gerrymandering-AND all our votes would count.
Republicans, of course, are the only ones against it.
They just don't care about people.
You did an excellent job typing out those talking points, Sen. No spelling errors or anything. Very brave.
If the tax breaks were given to corporations that invested in employees retirement and medical coverage, maybe it would be acceptable...
they are putting me in the street. Heartless ppl  they are
You are right! From fellow HC alum!
Is that the one that McCain agreed to? What a saint, huh?
how exactly do u give someone something that was theirs 2 big in with?
We gotta fight this one too Bob.  Nothing the GOP wants to do is good for most of us.
That's how they plan to repay their donors. It's how all donors are repaid. With bigger tax breaks/cuts than the original donation. Clue.
Yes! $25 increase in Medicare premium for less coverage, $25 that is my SS COLA this yr! 4th yr in a row no increase in income!
Yes it is and nobodys doin it. So stop spinnin trash ......some of us can think for ourselves .and were not all as stupid as u would like.
.@POTUS Not keeping his promises to #MAGA#trump #tax .@GOP .@TexasGOP Do Your PartCall your SenatorsRT
I seem to remember Trump during his campaign saying he would not touch Medicare/medicaid. He would create the best healthcare, lies ?
The difference is THIS:

Barack and democrats had GOOD intentions.
Shutttttt upppppppp
Austerity on steroids coming soon.
Glad when we can take them back.
I'm sick of paying for other people's problems.#keep my money
Makes me want to vomit!
GOP Tax Reform: Tax cuts, new revenues for the wealthy & US Corps, which they'll immediately take Off Shore to build Infrastructure in China
I am amazed they care so little for Americans.
Share the truth.  Pass the word.  Hopefully they'll understand the American people again are getting screwed. Hopefully it's not too late.
DJT used Reagans “campaign” slogan, Reagan was excellent spokesman but slashed the taxes on wealthy from 85% to 50% IT DID NOT TRICKLE DOWN.
We keep repeating the same mistakes over & over as they continue to make the already wealthy , wealthier thru advertising propaganda.
Like re-electing Casey.  Let's not make that mistake again
How much did Obama steal for #ACA?
And what would you be referring to here?
GOP crushed the housing market, ur retirement funds/401K, ur jobs, & now they want to crush ur #Retirement. #Medicare #SeniorLiving
People's 401ks are better because of the stock market increase so no Trump has not crushed anyone's 401k
So wrong.
Blatant abuse of Medicare & Medicaid should B investigated prior to cuts. MANY illegals R benefiting from programs designed  4 Anmericans.
Guess what douche bag my accountant said at $258,000 net profit im at a 33% tax bracket....so i guess im super rich ...GFYS
Shut your mouth Boobie....you are lying
Do some research, even Mnuchin says th plan benefits the rich.
Well guess who produce jobs??? You guys just dont get it
What he says is that you cant not include the "rich" when doing tax cuts
Wayne, YOU don't get it.
They  hand the rich more in everything-Healthcare?!
They CAN "not include" the poor & middle class-and they did.
Why is this the message?  Did this test well?  I would think something about how it affects everyday people would resonate more.
The standard GOP dog & pony show
That FEMA will have to spend in CA no doubt.
Not only is it wrong, what will people do?
That grand old party just ripping the country apart! Taking money from poor who need medical & food. All to give away $$ to rich pricks!
Sound like a dem talking point, I doubt if you have even read the budget.
Read it. It won't work- will take us even further in debt, and the only people who gain, are the ones who don't need to.
Respond.
Stop lying
Find new talking points senator, same talking points every time election comes around or anything else, what did you do: O’Care, just great
You should know. You guys have been giving away middle American  taxpayer wealth to the Rich & Powerfull for 5 decades.  Get out U imposter!
#NotOnePenny!
I'm sure the unemployed coal miners are really psyched they voted for this...
So STOP IT!!VOTE AGAINST IT! DEFEAT THIS BLASPHEMOUS BILL THAT HURT AMERICANS! STOP REPUBLICANS FROM TAKING http://OFFICE.VOTE  THEM OUT
Wait so it cuts that amount but it doesn’t contribute to paying down the nat debt? that’s how much they’re not going to collect in taxes?
They're  giving it to the 1% in "tax cuts"
It's worse than wrong- it's repulsive, as are they
DirtyTrick!  And not being publicized enough.

Its only wrong if you are not the super rich like 99.999 percent of the country is but why would our government care about them.
market rise despite no republican legislative "wins", or corporate tax breaks, undermines #GOP @POTUS claims the tax breaks are even needed
Ok. This was awesome.
