pennsylvanians have major concerns with @SenBobCasey.  You've done nothing for Pennsylvania!  We will vote you out in 2018!!!
#Vote for Judge Gorsuch ..Thank You
@ASwoyer "bottom line" Gorsuch will be confirmed with or without you... #Mandate  #TermLimits
@ASwoyer I have real concerns about your independence.  Quit the party line and think for yourself for once.
- stay the course! Gorsuch would be an abysmal choice for SCOTUS.
Bottom line: Merrick Garland
Thank you. This time last year old Mitch was saying no democrat would ever get to fill this seat. Stolen seat, stolen election.
it doesn't matter if you like Gorsuch, or not! There is nothing you can do to stop it!  Deal with it Bob!
I have faith in you Senator. I'm sure you'll do the right thing.
we have concerns about u also.  2018 replacement of Casey. When r u going to earn ur pay and benefits u vote for urself?
PA residents have real concerns about you. Vote this guy out PA. #2018
@ASwoyer I have real concerns about you too.
#MerrickGarland #resist
Vote NO.
very qualified man
no one has been rejected yet, why is this different??? Reviews mean nothing
I have real concerns about YOU representing PA!
Bottom Line: It's a stolen seat
If Trump is found to be Illegitimate President will all his bills and appointments be null and void?
It seems that you were appointed one of the DNC tweeters! You were hardly ever heard before this. Who is your puppet master?
Here's a hint, it ain't the Russians. Their dance card's a little full, controlling @POTUS
Take a break and try doing your job!!!
OMG you got 2 b kidding! If u don't vote yes 4 him I will make it life's mission 2 vote no 4U & have every1 else 2 as well!
why because he will follow the constitution. Something democrats don't believe in
you democrats have concerns about everything in a very sad attempt to compensate for your great loss this past election
#stolennomination must be blocked! Or the dems should prepare to be primaried. #ResistTheRussianPuppet #SackUp
@ASwoyer you'd have to stretch pretty far to not support this most  qualified honorable man.
Your concerns are appreciated, but give him a chance. He is an individual of character, integrity and fairness in decisions.
thank you for doing the job you were elected to do and for caring about America not like the 45's rubber stamp,  @SenToomey
agreed.  Given @realDonaldTrump recent behavior, there should be no vote on Gorsuch until after the 2018 midterm elections.
@LindaKi61072348 thank you!!
You come out every 6 yrs like a ground hog proclaiming what you will do, but the other 5 you hide behind the #Schumernistas.
Their are real concerns about your ability to actually serve Pennsylvanians.
Thank you from a fellow Pennsylvanian.
Thank you, Senator Casey!
Hey Bob, we voters of Pennsylvania, have real concerns about you. Thank you, our ex Senator.
I'm more worried about what happens when RBG retires if you can't stop Gorsuch's nomination.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey! If you see @SenToomey tell him he has some 'splainin' to do. #realpa
All democrats must stay united and vote NO!
TY  @SenToomey Time for you to do the same!
I agree that he is not ideal, but he could be much worse and won't change the Court's balance.  Next one is the big fight.
please VOTE NO!! as if our childrens lives & futures depended on it.. because it does!!
@kat_is_in You remember that @GOP wouldn't even talk to Obama's pick? DT & Republicans will not work with u no matter what u do
@jcr914 thank you for your vigilance
vote No No No Gorsuch
need toomey on board but dumbass party lines ridiculous
you must block his nomination since that seat was stolen from Obama!
Full stop block. Do not let them steal a seat they could keep for the next 40+ years.
please oppose Gorsuch!
Thank you!
we've got your back in 18. Keep fighting for us! Proud PA constituent
remember Merrick Garland and vote no!!
bet this tweet would have read different if this choice was made by a Democat President
It pains me after Garland debacle, but the man is qualified, unlike other nominees. If hearing goes ok, I say confirm.
He's running a commercial!! "Completely qualified with bipartisan support". Sounds like more lies. Maybe Dems need a rebuttal!!
@damonbethea1 Vote "no," Merrick Garland is the nominee. Period.
lol and Hillary is President Keep dreaming
If you vote Gorsuch in, I will vote YOU out.
Thank you for your good moral representation of our state. You are tempting me to register Democrat!
I'll vote no on you for 2018.
His philosophy of following the Constitution concerns you?  Wow, no wonder we need to vote you out of office.
but you love Ginsberg get with or stop tweeting your bias is obvious.
why would you even consider giving more consideration to Gorsuch than was given to Garland?
Precisely! #stolennomination #ResistTheRussianPuppet
I trust your judgement.
u guys remind me of dory. just keep stalling. keep stalling.  just stalling
Pls do investigate thoroughly-it is said,he may have a darker side not included in his CV.
Don't know if it's true.
yea, he'll strike down reckless government overreach. I can see why that would be a concern for both parties in Congress...
Rick Saccone 2018
Just grab your sack and tell the people you do not believe in their constitutional rights and liberal fascists think know best
Please oppose, Senator. Thank you.
after Trump nominates @MerrickGarland_  Then the Senate can reasonabley consider Gorsuch... #SaveHisSeat  The GOP shut him out
There are medications to help w/ your ill-conceived concerns & inability to discern between a qualified & unqualified SCOTUS
I have a lot of concerns about his record. Please vote no. And thank you for keeping us informed.
Thanks 4 looking closely. We need a SCOTUS who will respect eight of women & families to make decisions w/o govt interference.
*right, not eight!
translation - Gorsuch follows what the constitution says & wont make shit up to suit liberals
How silly. The Constitution doesn't say anything about the Internet. Should we abolish it? It's a flexible document, dear.
i'm not seeing a relevance with the internet and wanting a textualist on the bench
I'm shocked you don't see it. Shocked.
Judge Gorsuch's philosophy is to follow the Constitution, I would think you would welcome that since it limits federal powers.
you'd be serving pizzas of not for your dad. How dare you. Read the constitution PA went for Trump and you sir will be out
Im sorry but when did you have the right to voice your concerns. You work for us. Voice our concerns. You are Civil Servant.
Thanks for giving us insight into your thinking and not just the decision. You are truly committed to your constituents!
you're a hack. You're questioning the judge when you only made it because of your daddy.
thank you for being thorough. You're right to question his troubling record. You have PA's support to block his nomination.
What? No way! Almost like he should have never been a candidate amiright??
NO CONFIRMATIONS NO ANYTHING TIL SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TRUMP RUSSIA TIES #TREASON #RUSSIANCOUP
I expect you to then not allow this to come to a vote. Do not allow them to have stolen this seat
If you feel like a no vote, have at it, with my full support.
The answer should be... under no circumstances will I even consider to vote for a candidate for SCOTUS who stole a seat
Thank you, Senator Casey!
Are you concerned about his interpretation of the constitution? Or concerned he won't seek a vendetta against your enemies?
you mean the non-stop commercials from Judicial Crisis Network haven't convinced you yet?!  The Koch bros will be disappointed
I hope you review him honestly, and don't simply look for a minor 'gotcha!' reason to vote against.
Thank you for your efforts. We are afraid of the long-reaching harm a Gorsuch confirmation would cause.
block this until the ties with Russia are disclosed and he releasees his taxes.  Too many unanswered questions!!!!
Why? Because he bases decisions on the Constitution and not on prevailing political winds? Your voting record is disappointing!
ok, thanks for your diligence. keep us updated.
thank you for your work
