Flynn’s resignation, Trump aides and their communication with Russian officials, the open air conversations regarding North Korean missiles-
- I am at a loss as to how to categorize what is happening over there.
To begin, there should be an independent and thorough investigation into what occurred with Flynn and the Admin’s conduct regarding Russia.
.@realDonaldTrump keeps rebutting each action he takes with saying he's keeping Americans safer but this behavior is just plain dangerous.
Not in Chaos just being attacked constantly by COMMIECRATS LIKE YOU!!!
Just to be clear, you're criticising the Democrat party for making positive changes in their values over time? Ok...
Positive changes?? WHERE? DEBT = now 20 trillion, ILLEGAL immigratns UP over 20 mil-POSITIVE changes?Stay in UK
Oh, I plan to. Less chance of being shot, raped, or cut off from my own healthcare decisions here. We'z civilised. @SenBobCasey
MORE of UR lies - I been to UK and U are full of crap..TYPICAL LIB
Oh you are just adorable. It's far too easy to rile you.
I ain't riled...u don't like what I write don't respond! It's pretty simple -even u might understand
Yah that $150B Iran deal, 96M out of work, food stamps at its highest, military at its weakest.
I'm sorry, what were you saying
4.8% unemployment, tripling of stock market, 20 million more with health care. What were you saying?
4.8? It's actually more like 9%
Why under Bush we never heard the 'underemployed' figure from conservatives?
Who cares about Bush. I didn't vote for him.
That's good to know. Merely pointing out that Obama's accomplishments always seem to have a 'Yeah, but' to it
Josh did that too.
Thanks to you Democrats. Take blame for what you do and stop creating chaos. We're going to vote all of you out.
Is your position that Dems forced the Trump campaign to be in frequent contact w Russia before election? What blame?
Right, crucify Trump for trying to be allies with Russia. Atleast Trump is trying to work things out. Dems/Liberals = chaos!
or potentially were colluding to affect outcome of election, which is treason. Only two explanations for frequent contact.
It has been proven Russia did not hack our elections. it was proven that came from one of our own gov't agencies. They still do it.
Now we have Syria as a distraction and he's holding a rally - authoritarian gameplan 101. Someone needs to save the republic.
Joeseph Goebbels would be proud!
After that "press briefing" one can only conclude that #45 is insane. I am not joking. He is insane. He must go.
the
that's to the roadblocks by loosing democrats like you.  He needs to go nuclear get confirmations done and steamroll right of u
You wish - HEY BOB OR WHATEVER YOUR REAL NAME IS YOU LOST & YOU LOST BIG KEEP FLAPPIN YOUR GUMS WE NEED LESS DEMOCRATS IN D.C.
dump trump. He's a liar.
actually no but you and the left and media would like to have us believe that. We dont believe you anymore. Have lost our trust
guy who lied about his tax returns, about knowing Putin, about taxes not being used for the wall, has your trust?
God help us.
Senator, you will find millions in this country who agree with you.  Thank you for standing up for us.
Only problem is HUNDREDS OF MILLIONS DISAGREE WITH THIS GUY WHO CALLS HIMSELF "BOB CASEY"
Agreed. What action are you taking?
He can speak out, and he can push his colleagues. That's about the limit for the minority party in Congress. @SoxShark39 @SenBobCasey
the same apparatus he inherited dumbo. Be intelligent BOBBa!
please Senator, this man is deranged. He really is. He is seriously insane. This presser is proof.
maybe if you will love our Country will be different
it's time for a bipartisan investigation. Shut congress down until we get it. You must fight for the American people
we need impartial investigation of Trump and his Russia connections
Bob...this is going to end badly for liberals. You're playing shady political games with our security and safety.
Such hyperbole. You need 2 remembered that ur job is to take care of  PA & not just your DC career. #redstate #2018 @SenToomey
#removebannon #ImpeachTrump #saveTheUSA
How much plainly does the writing on the wall have to be? Priebus is on DJT staff...ex-leader of the GOP=GOP in balls deep.
wrong........sleep tight America.....dems are about as worrisome as a warm spring morning.....republican landslide....part duex
Trump is pro-Israel.  Why aren't you?
Let's clear it quickly and appoint a special prosecutor
and with your help in that chaos, no wonder the swamp needs draining. We are TIRED of the status quo/ business as usual.
we've got your back, keep up the pressure for the sake of our country
if you keep going against the wishes of Pennsylvanians you will have very troubling times in 2018.  Vote Casey out..
wow....really
@cmbyjackie Trump is on auto pilot, he is just a empty vessel, being led by his handlers.
#ImpeachmentParty?
Democrats R Planning Sedition of a democratically elected president. That should be the story!!
The Left creating chaos to stop progress and hurt already hurting Americans.
@wbrewyou why is that Bob
totally agree
@wbrewyou CASEY IS GEORGE SOROS PUPPET... WORD FOR WORD... #YOURFATHERROLLINGINGRAVE
Stand up for what is right!
uh huh
Is it *too* paranoid to fear Putin sees Trump falling apart & that's why Russian ship off the coast of U.S.? #scary
WHAT IS THE GOP AFRAID OF? Too silent. Collusion suspected.
it's caused by Obama shadow govt left behind that illegally listens to all of our calls,who gave info to MSM?laws were broken
Obama made it legal, which I disagree w incidentally. But note the surveillance was on foreign natls. Flynn incidental
CHAOS..u mean like that Iran deal OBOZO made with IRAN
impeach and put the right person in Clinton
@nvbinder Thanknuou for saying this out loud. Please keep pressing to investigate. Protect democracy.
@orgainkorgain #LockThemUp
it's also very clear he dosent have the balls to say a word against Russia
you're still not getting it. All the fake news in the world isn't going to change the fact, TRUMP won....yay
Section 4 of the 25th, to be exact
25th Amendment
It seems that Trump wanted the glory of the presidency without thinking of the danger to the US or, perhaps, his family. @senbobcasey
@MarcusC22973194 Senator Casey, why is it our allies in NATO surveilled Flynn as well and yet no open imvestigation planned?
becoming more troubling by the minute!
How come you weren't this motivated when @BarackObama was giving $400 million to the greatest financiers of terrorism... Iran?
With Russia at our doorstep.
Off our East Coast!!
How come you weren't this excited when @HillaryClinton was selling 20% of our strategic Uranium reserves to the Russians?
Trump admin,  making the world unsafe again one day/tweet/EO at a time. American people deserve better...
it was crooked, unethical & Russian owned from before  start! Our country is in huge trouble with @realDonaldTrump! Vote #2018
then do something real.  Tangible.  Tweeting and talking aren't tangible.
How is he not arrested yet? Seriously, is anyone at all interested in saving this country?
...and turn down the 24/7 hysteria show and actually do something productive.
Maybe you can rally your woodchuck legions and dig some burrows to crawl back into!
We want a non partisan 9/11 type investigation. Not a partisan in house investigation.
heck he can't stay on topic for any meeting: with JT and BN he went off the rails about his electoral college win AGAIN
B'S, THE COUNTRY WAS NOT SAFE OR RESPECTED WHEN COMMUNITY ORGANIZER OBAMA WAS PRESIDENT. SEN. CASEY U R A HACK.
Yes, because when you type in all caps it really gets your point across and you don't seem unhinged at all.
@sherrilee7 And now the idea of US Troops in Syria. Time of chaos is not the time 2 make decisions about military actions.
But they won't unseat a President in a time of war.  Sounds like a last ditch effort.
at the cost of brave US Service men/woman I wouldn't be surprised 
#LockThemUp
He and/or they need to go
@sherrilee7 @Carla Austin We Better Start Running!!!
Bob Casey is with the deep state.  Good to know.
The only chaos I see is the Democrats, who lost big this last election, and now are whining like babies with nonsense created!!
it is but not as bad as the chaos and lies in the Democratic socialist party
@MelissaJPeltier To your country?  Imagine your allies who have tanks at their borders right now.
Chaos is the unelected Deep State trying to start a civil war
YES.  And it was clear that it would be.  Please work to clean up this mess.  Trump is a national security risk & unhinged.
@gop & sessions have to be removed from investigations & actions they are all in bed with Trump, DeVos & hacked super PAC money
please keep pushing for a full investigation and real answers
time for you lib  to start worrying about real  problems missles in iran stop trying to distract america from your blunders
pardon? Trump WH creating all their own distractions.
Rick Saccone 2018
Just as troubling is that the GOP lead Congress doesn't want to acknowledge or investigate just how chaotic this time is.
even more troubling is that you all only point out the bad. Help him if you are so good at it!
@AJentleson We're all freaking terrified.
A lot of people are saying we need a qualified, independent, non-partisan committee to investigate Russian-Trump ties.
sounds like we should shut the Government down until we can figure out what the hell is going on
I'd like to know why these connections weren't looked into ahead of the election.  All of the signs were there months ago.
Go, Bob, go!
Once they remove the Obama moles, I think we will find improvements.
yes  because of the moles inside the liberal  intel community that are supporting  anarchist lib  senators  to frustrate him
The trouble is you and your crowd. You are a traitor and a Loser. Resign now!!
impeach trump!  #TrumpImpeachmentParty
now!
this is terrifying
I've been telling you for a while that Trump is a threat to National Security. Now you know.
but Trump is going on a campaign rally in FL this week
very troubling. :(
lol in chaos the sky is falling, face it u lost and all this stalling is a bunch of garbage, get to confirming and less whining
Why would you want people that don't even know what their job even IS running anything?
