It’s now time for us to work together on commonsense solutions that will make our health care system more affordable and bring down costs.
Single payer. Medicare for all. Remove all profit from medicine.
It is obvious that Mitch McConnell should RESIGN NOW.

He is NO LONGER CAPABLE OF LEADING HIS PARTY.
I wish it had been a bipartisan failure. It was dems and 3 Repubs. Not quite bipartisan to me.
This PA cancer patient thanks you for all of your hard work on this.
What's the plan Bob. Keep telling us how great Obamacare is. #keepyourdoctor
Too bad a few more Rs didn't/couldn't see how terrible it was! It's HORRID, near criminal for so many Rs to vote for it.
You are so correct! We will remember who they are, and I hope vote them out of office! Hang tight @SenBobCasey!we support you!
Most things are terrible for the middle class.
You proudly voted for Obamacare knowing it would fail and it is...you're a typical political stooge   It's about the party not the people
We are coming for your seat plan accordingly
Thank you for fighting hard against this bill! You've gone the extra mile. PA will remember come election time.
Obamacare was terrible for the middle class. It robbed me of my ability to afford insurance and made me pay for others to get it for free.
Only one problem with your statement - ultimately ONLY 3 OF 52 GOP members stood up for the American people.

SHAME ON THE 48 - FIRE THEM!!!
Lol.  You are celebrating this. Wow. Great bill u signed. The middle class doesn't get Medicare. They pay for it + unaffordable ins
yeah well why didnt you offer input instead of just resisting #swampcritter
Thank you for fighting so hard to defeat it!! Let's make sure it doesn't rise again from the dead.
3 republican don't make it bipartisan.  49 of them voted against the middle class..dont let them off the hook
Senator, please support continued funding of #DoD #cancerresearch! While it is too late for me, it will help my brothers yet to serve!
Thank you!!!!
as always thank you Senator Casey for standing up for us the little people! You are truly a humanitarian.
Thank you so much for working tirelessly for your constituents on this issue.
It wasn't good for the poor either. Only the rich was helped
It was terrible for ALL OF US. It would have destroyed the entire HC industry. We should celebrate this WIN for the American people!!!
Thank you for showing us the awful mess. It was a horrible bill.
And you think Obamacare was a good deal for the middle class???
I not only think it I know it! I have pre-existing conditions uninsurable until ACA. would be dead today without it
Let's see your plans for middle class democrats
Don't gloat. If not for three brave GOP senators, skinny repeal would be law as House would have passed it w/o "guaranteed conference.
Thank you, Senator. Keep working hard for us.
My senator thank you 
Ok so can we focus on cost savings. Tobacco harm reduction will save billions of health care dollars. #vape is 95% safer than smoking
Please get on Obamacare your self and your staff too
The possibility of removing healthcare for millions scared the hell out of me.
Thank you Senator! A bipartisan bill will be greatly appreciated.
Thank you Senator Casey!! Thank you so much for your support and tireless efforts!!
Thank you Senator Casey for representing us . Now let's fix the ACA in a bipartisan way
My mom has health insurance because of you standing up for your citizens in PA. Thank you for caring about your people.
Yes all Democrats in lock step just like when you shoved Obama care down our throats! You have ruined this country!
Thanks for standing up for the people of PA--unlike your hateful counterpart.
It dilutes the word bipartisan to call this a bipartisan effort.  Please keep it real, Senator.
Thank you for fighting for us, @SenBobCasey!
Thank You!
Thank you for ur hard and dedicated work on behalf of Pennsylvania!!
Thank you, thank you
Thank you for helping to save our care
Yeah. Thanks for staying strong
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thanks for fighting for us and serving the people of PA with honesty and integrity.
LYING DEMON aca was horrible for millions of middle class americans
Thank you, @SenBobCasey for working endless to #SaveACA and protect Pennsylvanians. 
Bipartisan? Ha! You ALL failed! Putting Americans in this position in 1st place was purely partisan. None of u deserve pay for shoddy work.
Thank you, Senator, for keeping us informed and doing the right thing for us in PA. What a relief! Thank you.
Thank you senator for fighting for the lives of working Pennsylvanians. Your hard work is noted & appreciated by your constituents.
You've been a bastion through this whole mess, Senator. Thank you so much to you, the Dems, and all three @GOP Senators. Even McCain.
This abomination should have never gotten this far, but I'm glad to see he pulled his head out of his ass long enough to actually stand up.
Thank you for all the hard work you continue to do and thank you for caring about your constituents! #TheResistance
You saved my life tonight
Thank you senator for all you do and fighting the good fight! You are appreciated
Thank you real senator.
49 to 51 is hardly bipartisan.
Well you and the Rhinos will soon be unemployed as more Tea Party Patriots will be elected.  Your antics won't slow down the Trump Train
The antics don't need to. He's going to do that all by himself!
Thank you Senator.
Shame on John McCain Lisa and Susan they all have become democrats They have the best Ins and it's paid for NOT OURS!
Medicare for all!
Nooooo
It was a terrible bill for almost everyone.
We carry forth. On to the next battle.
Pennsylvanians THANK YOU, Senator Casey!
THANK YOU!
Thank you Bob Casey!

.@SenJohnMcCain should be defeated in the primaries. Graduated last in his class at Annapolis--dummy!
Don't kid yourself...it was a pretty partisan basis 
Like ACA was!
That was way too close for such a horrible bill. The relief is huge, but I'm still afraid to smile.
Thank you for efforts Senator.
You call that bipartisan rejection? Are you a) joking? b) stupid? or c) high.  The final vote was ALL R's FOR and ALL D's AGAINST + 3 Rebels
Both party's fail 99% of us. No plans just rhetoric. Status quo keeps 1% Wall Street Fat cats richer.
Thank you @SenBobCasey


Thank you a million times for your tireless work, Senator Casey. You made us proud and grateful.
Yay for America! Thank you!
Keep up the fight for Pennsylvanians and Americans everywhere... we support you
Thank you, Mr. Casey, for all the hard work you've been pulling in. We appreciate it!
Now...reverse your support of Chris Wray - N.J. Gov. Christie's personal  Bridgegate lawyer!
Thank you Senator Casey! We appreciate your hard work!
TY Sen Casey 4 ur vote&4 listening 2 ur constituents.Pls join colleagues,Sens McCain,Collins&Murkowski&work together 4 better Healthcare v/r
Thank you!
Yes, common sense, like free market. Repeal Obamacare now.
Good job Senator! Thank you.
Com'on Casey! Get drunk like the rest of us and and celebrate by rubbing the GOP's nose in their own failed bill of lies!!
And Obamacare is working? Get real.
Thank you for your steadfast support!
Thank you!!!
You're wrong Failed because as planned Obamacare hooked people and Democrats lied Wouldn't admit they jammed a horrible bill on America
Sorry Gerry it's moving forward together no one won tonight
Agree no one won But Democrats don't compromise It's always move their way I believe their joy tonight will backfire Let's pray for America
Thank you so much for your tireless work against this travesty of a bill
Thank You very much on the vote
thank you, senator
Thank you Senator!
Thank you for all of your hard work for the people of Pennsylvania and America!
Thank you, sir, for all your hard work to defend our healthcare.
Bipartisan? Only 3 republicans voted against! Seems very partisan to me. Very few repubs care about the American people & our future.
Thank you, Senator, for your steadfast devotion to this fight. You did PA and the country proud. We are grateful.
Thank you from California!

Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for standing up for Pennsylvanians! #realPA #SkinnyRepeal
Thank you!! I'm crying in relief. Thank you!!
Thank you !!
Thank you Senator for your steadfast focus on saving our healthcare!!
Thank you, Senator. You've been fighting this battle/war along with us.
Thank you for all of your work Senator !!! We can rest much easier tonight.
Thank you Senator Casey for all you have done!
THANK YOU. We need to fix the ACA for those who report super high premiums and deductibles. I suspect it is worse in red states like mine.
Thank you so much, Senator!  We so appreciate all of your efforts to keep us informed.
THANK YOU!!!
We can't thank you enough sir for fighting for our families with so much passion! I'm so glad I voted for you!
Thank you so very much for presvering our healthcare
Thank you for your vote.
Thank you! 
THANK YOU @SenBobCasey, for your unwavering support for Pennsylvanians. THANK YOU, for voting no. THANK YOU.
Thank you!
What? 3 Republicans voted no. That's bipartisan?
Thanks for your leadership on this issue!
Thank you for voting no & your exhausting efforts to protect Americans!
Thank you Senator Casey! 1 outta 2!
Thank You, Senator!
THANK YOU, and JOHN MCCAIN and the other republicans who put the people ahead of party
Why thank them for doing the right thing for the people who pay the to do the right thing for Americans? It's their damn job!
Amen.  Thank you.  Happy tears.  I hope you can get some rest.  God Bless
You've been amazing in this battle. Thank you for all that you've done to defend our health care and stand up for us all. Thank you.
thank you for fighting for us!  Shame on GOP, @PatToomey & @realDonaldTrump
Mccain did it....
Not just McCain.
