Demographics, health costs could cost NJ, PA under AHCA@phillyhealthsci@pahealthaccess@NJPolicyPerspective@urbaninst http://www.philly.com/archive/don_sapatkin/GOP-health-plan-AHCA-tough-on-NJ-PA-Medicaid-ACA-Obamacare-budget-deficit-MacArthur.html?llsms=1351323&c=y …
Senator Casey,
Thank you for your advocacy.
Perhaps you could invite Senator Toomey to one of your townhalls so he can see what it's like! 
you mean without the paid disrupters??? Good idea
Vote Sen Casey out 2018!  He is career POLITICIAN that cares about his Party over People
This bill is yuge tax cut, healthcare job killer, how many jobs does PA lose? How billion shortfall? A breakdown by district would be good.
Please let @SenToomey know. His constituents have tried to tell him, but for some reason he won't meet with them. @TuesdaysToomey
Tell pat toomey
Casey can't be trusted. Said pre-existing conditions not covered in AHCA. False! Untrue! Lie! He knows it, yet spreads the lie anyway. SHAME
Time to remind your PA colleague @SenToomey who once compared those with pre-existing conditions to burned homes.
notice you say could,typical politician always leaving a way out always dividing everyone,obamacare has killed PA middle-class
I think house let trump have a win.. senate would be committing political suicide by passing this 
couldn't be any worse than Obamacare that wasn't just suicide Obamacare was murder and should be criminal he lied
As long as Godless Scott Perry is happy.
We are depending on your to lead the opposition and come up with a real solution.
if we have to depend on the corrupt ways of these Dems then god help us, the party needs more common sense
Casey is no different than any other corrupt democratic I call on the impeachment of BOB Casey!! He's not my senator
Do U think UR colleague Senator Toomey knows that? Or even cares? Is he a lost cause should we even bother trying to let him know our views?
Then make sure you come up with a solution to fix it.  The ACA wasn't working either.  #gettowork #anyonecancomplain #tellTrumptostayhome
And it is something that I won't forget in the 2018 election the GOP needs to know those of us out here will be looking to vote them out
Vote no
Competition by allowing insurers to compete across state lines will lower costs to healthcare Bob.  Can we count on your vote next phase?
Pennsylvanians need you to fight this sir. Actually, America needs you to fight!
he's been fighting for a long time now but it's not for the good he's been fighting to destroy the country
How?
Then the state of PA better step up and take care of it's ppl! Quit relying on FED HANDOUTS! That's all AHCA does, makes STATES responsible!
You seem to have the same msg to all states. You see, it's call democratic federalism. We all help each other out. My taxes help your state.
thank you.  i've re-read the Declaration separating the colonies from England.
If it needs work why don't you step up to the table and offer to help. Instead you just provide opposition. Grow up and do your job
You know very little on this topic
I applaud those PA Districtrepresentatives that voted no on Trump care! Senator Casey please stand up for mental health, elderly, poor, sick
democratic's have cried Wolfe way to many times with the way the party has carried itself over last yrs you have no credibility
More CORRUPTION Seen Casey
Fight for us  Bob
You get more bees with honey than vinegar.  Try reaching across the isle.
I think the Republicans have just invented a new form of discrimination! If I end up with no health insurance I will go to ACLU
Thanks for your work!
And how to convince our PA republican congress people that they are hurting constituents when they go along with Paul Ryan and DT???
Could,,is this scare tactics or do you know?
I know you are fighting for us Sen. Casey, we'll fight for you in 2018!!
@SenToomey No question that PA will be hard hit by ACA. I was happy to see 4 PA Congressmen vote against it. It's up to the Senate now.
I wonder if @SenToomey will take this into consideration when the Senate deliberates?
Thank you for standing against Trump's thoughtless legislation and for the people of Pennsylvania!
Don't dignify the Repeal & Trash Act by calling it AHCA or Affordable Care Act Replacement Plan - it's #Trumpcare
I stand with you Sen. Casey! I hope this bill is stopped cold in the Senate.
Does the fantastic people dodger @SenToomey have a statement on this? Can you ask him for us? He chooses not to answer to his constituents
morning sen casey.  PA hates you.
NO ON TRUMPCARE !!!!    I am  69 yr old retiree. Llive on social security of $1,094/mo.   I rely heavily on Obamacare..
Thank YOU Senator for voting against TC. I have MS. This could be a life changer for me. I'm terrified. Don't know what's ahead but glad 4 U
Well that's really no good in light of a $1 billion budget shortfall. Will we have any public services at all?
I just sent you a fax through a computer program to reach out to Senators; however, I know how hard you're fighting for us-thank you!
@CongressmanGT Will not get my vote in 2018.  We must replace in him 2018 for his heinous act supporting AHCA. Fight for us @SenBobCasey
corruption in family courts cost ALL. wake up and smell the coffee. @SenBobCasey @SenToomey @SenatorKimWard @SenScottWagner ill fill u in
Thank you for fighting for us in PA!  If only @SenToomey cared as much and had the same courage.
Is @SenToomey going to stand up for his residents or go with party lines? #resist #dotherightthing
No question!  After using his aging mother /her walker onto the campaign trail, he has voted angst evrthng that wld assist the aged & poor.
Senator, please address special education/Medicare funding. The bill, as written, will cause great harm to our most vulnerable
Don't say "replace".
#Trumpcare but her emails...
We have a whole lot of illegal immigrants & opiate users dependent on medicaid now.
Reading about the AHCA this morning: so to the GOP tax penalties for not having insurance=BAD, 30% surcharge for lapsing=GOOD?
The sky is falling!   RUN
You should participate in fixing it instead of bitching like a ...
Please, Senator, it was called Obama care, let's call it what it is, Trumpdontcare
Thank you Senator.  How do we reach @PatToomey and make sure he understands what is at stake?
Good question, sometimes seems to be wrong with his phones the last few months. I started sending letters.
The Republican pass a bill on health care for the people without reading all the contents tells me they don't care about the people
Only lobbyist $$$$
Probably no hope for Senator Toomey, hiding in the shadows, waiting to do what's safe #ProfilesInCowardice
Marino; NOT my representative anymore.
Please find Republicans in the Senate who can talk sense about this. And encourage them to do so loudly. As in "be a leader," which is rare.
Thank you Senator for fighting for Pennsylvanians like me.
Tell the fools who flipped PA Republican in the election.
@PASenateGOP I will be!! @RepRyanCostello
We look forward to seeing you fight for us!
Maybe we should take some advice from the Romanian citizens.. They seem to get their point across..
Bob you didn't care for the people of pa. When you and Obama slammed us with Obama and Bob care. Private sector lost big. Your friends not
Several NJ Republicans voted "No" on ACHA. 
Pat Meehan in PA did too. My main beef with him is he helps put Ryan in power as do all in GOP.
Counting on you . . .
Not if anything to say about it you do #Belated #StarWarsDay #Yoda
I will not allow it. And #Pennsylvania knows it. #Tatiana
Thank you for caring about the people you represent!
