Thank you for your Loyalty
Thank you, Senator!  Your efforts are extremely appreciated by this PA resident!
Thank you for your courage Senator Casey. Proud to be one of your constituents.
thank you. Proud to be a new resident of PA and having voted for you.
Thank you  Senator
Thanks, @SenBobCasey this is important.
.@DHSgov Thank you for your attention to my concerns, and I look forward to your reply. 
ovetime in overdrive, please. #impeach asap
you rock!
I'm proud that you are my Senator.
Bannon and Putin will burn down our country while Russia rises to power. #saveFREEDOM
This Delaware County resident thanks you Senator Casey!  Well done and keep it up.
America is the most powerful country in the world & people admire us. But people in our new admin are acting cowardly.
Now,  senator will you stand with other Democrats and filibuster any Supreme Court nominee that isn't merrick garland?
has @DHSgov responded yet? Any plans to follow VA's lead?
you make me proud to live in #philly Please keep up the great work #sanctuarycity
thank you
thank you Sen. Casey. I only hope my government and those who govern come to their senses before trump does real damage
Thank you for taking a stand and asking difficult questions!
I have no confidence in you to keep me safe.
I'll be surprised if you get a response to your questions.
thank you, Senator Casey.
Your father was a stand-up leader,  and I'm proud to see you continuing his example.  Can you school our Jr.  Senator too?
i dont support the ban on refugees.  #NoBanNoWall #Resist #callyourrepresentatives
I am so grateful for your leadership, Senator Casey. I will fight tooth and nail for you in 2018.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey. You stand strong & speak for your constituents & those who don't have a voice. @DHSgov
Thanks Senator Casey
thank you for having the courage to stand up for what is right 
Thank you, Senator.  I'm incredibly grateful to be represented by you.  This is a perfect example of how we can #RiseUp
you make  us proud, thank you !!
thank you,  senator from a constituent!
- As a constituent, we thank you for pushing this forward. @SenToomey should be in collaboration
thank you for your statement, Senator Casey.
you are a courageous and strong advocate for PA!!
Thank you Senator Casey! I'm proud of you.
Thank you for your continuing leadership, Senator.
Thank you! And thanks to your staff for always answering our calls. Haven't been able to get through to @SenToomey in days.
thank you Senator!
thank you so much
Thank you senator.
thank you senator.
Thank you, Senator. Do not let up on this.
Thank you, Senator Casey!
Please support the filibuster to block any Supreme Court nominee made by President Trump.  We are proud of you.
Thanks Mr. Casey, for doing what is right.
thank you Mr. Casey for speaking for all citizens.  Looking forward to seeing response from Mr. Kelly. Please continue!
Thank you, Senator! Can you please place a call to your colleague?
Thank you Senator!  Now get in there and work together to impeach the SOB!
keep waiting.He will not answer!
thank you. Proud of you!!!
Thank you @SenBobCasey for demanding answers to questions that millions of americans would like to ask @DHSgov #NoBanNoWall @ForOurFuturePA
thank you very much for taking a stance on this issue.  Please now take measures to address #stevebannon 's appointment to #NSC
Thank you.
Thank you for standing up for immigrants & opposing religious tests for entry into the US. Proud you are my senator.
Serious question: What can us regular folk do? I’ve been calling my Reps and leaving voicemails but don’t know if it works.
Thank you!! I look forward to hearing their response as well.
yes! thank you. please keep it up!
thank you Senator Casey - proud PA resident here. 
Thanks  Senator Casey. It is good to know that you are following up on this travesty
thank you for your efforts in rejecting the unAmerican #MuslimBan  #ProudConstituent
Thank you, Sir!
Thank you. I'm proud you represent  Pennsylvania.
Thank you.  I am overcome with respect and emotion.  You have courage.
thank you for representing ALL of your constituents.
Yet Senator Casey, you have never ONCE responded to one of my concerns, as one of your constituents.
Thank You for standing up for what is right!!!
Thank you, Senator. You are making this Pennsylvanian very proud!
Thank you!
