And by deliberately misleading, I mean "not true" in any sense of the way.
In addition to ending the Medicaid expansion, this scheme makes two fundamental changes, drastically changing the program as we know it.
On page 86 this scheme allows states to convert Medicaid to a block grant program (i.e. cuts funding).
On page 52-53 this scheme imposes per capita caps on Medicaid (i.e. cuts funding).
Under this scenario states & leaders like @GovernorTomWolf face an impossible choice.
Option 1: Raise taxes to cover the health care costs that Medicaid will no longer cover.
Option 2: cut funding from things like education, road and other infrastructure, or economic development projects.
Option 3: cut benefits, enrollment, and/or reimbursement rates resulting in lost jobs and rural hospitals closures.
No, Bob. It's total bullshit.
I will be kicked out because my pre-existing conditions + the lack of mandate will price me out.
I'm a female, 50, disabled, high risk, and a multi diagnosis.  #PAWomen
I'm 27, Ehlers-Danlos syndrome + multiple sleep disorders. :(
I have Fibromyalgia. And a multitude of the same symptoms and issues.  I'm so sorry for your suffering to begin with. Now this Deathcare :*(
Same to you, I know how particularly cruel widespread chronic pain and fatigue are.
I know you do.  I am an RN.  My heart hurts for so many.  Everything seems bleak.  But we need to rest.  But keep in touch.  Prayers hun.
Please become active. Write and call your congressman/senator weekly If not daily. Democracy is a participatory sport. We are losing it
I have been calling weekly. All of them. Two out of three don't answer. It's exhausting. I'm disabled, I don't have the energy anymore.
GOP don't care about us!!
Is it misleading? Really? Don't you really mean it is a deliberate LIE? Then damn well say so!
@miamidecor @SenateGOP Hmm ... that means it's a lie!
That's ok. the 36% and State TV station, Fox, are all too stupid to know the difference.
You can say what they really are senator, they are blatant lies.
I was told by a rep when I called @SenToomey  that the medicaid expansion would not go away in PA. Wth?
They lied!
You are the reason I'm not embarrassed to be from PA.
We have to vote them out!
You mean lying.
Casey's photo is next to the word "misleading" in the dictionary. Why is doing things differently and better wrong to him. Cause he's a hack
@SenToomey just tweeted about this. None of his constituents are buying what he's saying. The problem is that he just doesn't care.
See this acid, it's not acid. Even though it is acid, it's not.
That's all you Demoncrats know, HOW TO LIE!!!!
My healthcare quadrupled plus because of obama and you Dems, MISLEADING!!! No just plan LIARS!!!!
When Nancy Pelosi said we have to vote for it so we can find out what's in it, deliberately misleading???? Speak up BOB!!!!!
When you voted for OBAMACARE was that deliberately misleading?
Everything Mitch McConnell is involved in is deliberately misleading
Stop lying to your constituents. They will discover soon enough and once suffering will kick you out of Senate and future GOP out of Senats
I've heard they are actually cuts in increases. Whatever. obamacare entitlement YOU voted for is not going away, whatever program is left.
PA, Senator Casey is up for reelection in 2018. I will do whatever I can to make sure Bob Casey is still our US Senator.
Call it what it is Senator...A LIE! A big fat LIE!
@CBruceJohnson4 @SenateGOP Mr Casey  you can say they're lying-  it's ok
The general public will never know the truth. The blame will fall on the dem's
Speak out Sen. Casey thank u
They're using #TrumpSpeak picked up from their "Dear Leader" @realDonaldTrump #Rump #CrookedRump #PeePeeBoy #NationalEmbarrassment #LyinRump
everything about this republican leadership is a fraud
Misleading? Try LIES!! #trumpcare #trumplies
Can't you people ever just say "They're lying"?
Then they should cut there medical and pay. Just like the American people.
So...lying. Can we all just use the correct word here. They are deliberating deceiving people to pass a tax cut for millionaires= lying.
This is exactly what I was told by Toomey's office.  Will my kid with a disability and gets Medicaid supplemental be cut?
Please have a discussion with @SenToomey about his role in this Wealthcare. Your constituents are concerned.
misleading to say misleading...they are LIES
#Trumpcare kills ppl
@SenateGOP need to decide on taxcuts for rich that will kill ppl
or save people w no taxcuts
EASY DECISION #FixACA
Not only is it a LIE but it is government sanctioned GENOCIDE.  Just say it!
No we need you to stop whitewashing words.  Say it loudly, it is a LIE!
it is LYING! Plain and simple.
Yea.. that is horrible.. I think they have to find a way to pay back the billionaires that gave them money
No, what you do is misleading. Your twisting things to fit your obstructionist agenda.
Unfortunately, to quote Batman...
@housegop wrote rules that obamacare repeal costs ($3-9T) WONT COUNT AGAINST THE BUDGET.

Same budget released with $2T ERROR
still killing it. Makes @SenToomey's silence deafening.
The @SenateGOP are claiming their cuts to Medicaid won't kick people off the program & aren't actually cuts. That's deliberately misleading.
@NShrubs @SenateGOP that's deliberately disgusting - shame shame shame on Senate GOP. They are heartless, angry people.
not only deliberately misleading I believe deliberately lying again! Time to not be so nice Senator Casey!
The people that vote for them are stupid and believe it anyway.
Last laugh will be on them
They are saboteurs
Some of us on Medicaid & disability can't work & we depend on Medicaid !!
It's easy for them to deceive trump followers!
@MightyMikeT @SenateGOP WOW ! A Polticians lying what are the odds ?
@saraturner19 @SenateGOP smoke and mirrors from Republican free loaders
I despise them all. #EvilMen
@SenRandPauI repulsive human beings. May they have 2 live with this abomination in their OWN families. #NoAHCA @senCoryGardner @JeffFlake
They lie & resort to trickery- SAD!
Medicaid is not the issue! Wake up Bob!
Why don't you just call it lying. They lie about everything and nobody calls them on it. There going to keep doing it till someone stands up
Like when you said Obamacare wasn't a tax?
Thanks for this thread. Directing @SenThomTillis attention to pages 86, 52-53. Once said he was against Medicaid block grant funding
No it's outright LYING... the time for political correct words is long past. Please say exactly what it is... people will suffer!
Sen Casey, THEY LIE about this treacherous killer bill.Millions will be effected, jobs lost, people will DIE so that  rich get richer #BRCA
Too polite. Intentional misleading is lying.
How stupid do you think we are ? We're not ALL Trump voters Mr.Casey
Block Grants equal Death. Medicaid cuts = Tax Cuts for the Wealthy Deny that!
Bottom line: Pols at the state level now responsible for the management of Medicaid funds.  we all know how Dems feel about accountability.
LIAR!
That's like saying that Hurricane Katrina was a light drizzle. #NotHavinItGOP
Says Chicken Little
More like an outright lie Senator Use your words less politically and more truthfully please
Deliberately indeed!
Lies from a complicit #GOP.
Yet you mislead calling them cuts when it's reduction in spending. Stop lying bob
It's a lie. Step up and call it a lie.
Yeah, it's called lying. Even Reagan would feel ashamed of these scumbags.
Just like the democrats and CNN always report or deceive
No. It's just a lie.
Sir, they are lying. Not "misleading. "
They have learned from their fearless leader that you can fool some of the people all of the time. Too bad they are prosecuted for lies
Thanks Senator for standing against this atrocity of a bill. If only The rest of yr colleagues had yr convictions.
D's messed up totally spreading truth & positive message. You didn't call out lies. That's the major prob. U let media let R's spew lie&hate
That's the problem with Dems, You don't go out on shows & push back when R's lie, tell mistruths. ACA no death spiral. R's didn't work w/ Ds
But saying you can keep your doctor if you like your doctor is cool.  #stahp
@DebraHange1 @SenateGOP and a lie
Yes.
That is a deliberate lie.
Senator Casey, I know you're trying to be polite, but that's called a lie.
They mean not until after the 2020 elections! Then, everyone can just go to Hell. @GOPHypocristy #GOPLies
Sounds like the perfect time to publicly endorse a Medicare-for-all system, Senator.
Not your dad what have you done for Pennsylvania today
It's a Lie
They are not misleading, it is intentional t@SenateGOP is lying and are liars. #DeathSpiral #DeathCareBill #deathpanels #trumpcare
Toomey, in an audio interview, said the bill was stabilizing Medicare and preserving it for future generations. Who is Toomey representing?
And I would like a DC #journalist to follow @SenToomey 24/7.  PLEASE LET TOOMEY SPEAK TO THE PEOPLE. VIDEO PLEASE. TRIPS. ETC
MY DAUGHTER'S GROUP HOME IS PAID FOR BY MEDICAID !!!!! These very vulnerable, mentally & physically challenged ppl will be homeless!
Let's call it what it is sir a LIE
Noooo, that's a goddamn lie.
That is because they play dirty. It's a street fight, Senator.
Another whiner & a reason to send all Democlowns to the unemployment line. NEVER VOTE DEM AGAIN Movement
Who r u kidding you never did, guess your parents can afford nursing home care,& you'll get tax cut from this/not THINK
how about we execute one GOP member for every dollar of Medicaid funding cuts? If there are no cuts, there's no GOP extermination!
It's called LYING
It's a tax cut for the richest, paid by the poor and the sick.  Disgusting.
. No it's not you r misleading Medicaid is going to be blocked granted to the states. Tell the truth. Stop the deceit.
Thank you, Senator Casey, for standing up for the American people!
Stop pussyfooting around by saying:"That's deliberately misleading"- SAY IT:That's deliberately lying! http://deadline.com/2017/06/samantha-bee-donald-trump-change-words-meaning-lies-classified-leaker-1202118065/ … WatchThis
Please don't forget to mention the millions of healthcare JOBS that will be lost if this bill passes!!!!
And rural hospitals that will close due to lack of funding.
The rural trump voters may not have thought this through...
Lol.
What kind of program allows slashing hundreds of millions but no cuts? Their LIES are ABSURD!!
GOP lies, just like the candidate they supported who now sits in our WH & lies on a daily basis & obstructs Justice!
Casey wrong. Medicaid scheduled increases are simply slowed, not cut. In Govt., cut doesn't mean what it does to us. It increases slower.
The @GOP lies. They are also heartless thugs.
They are LIARS...thats the name for these people. dont be afraid to use it  STOP this so called #HealthcareBill #DeathBill
They are following their leader and lying. #GOPLies #LiarInChief #GriftersOwnParty
PA voter is watching you Casey. #MAGA
Yes, @RoyBlunt just told Missourians that it protects pre-existing conditions and strengthens Medicaid. True or false?
Thank you @SenBobCasey!
To subtract 800 B from healthcare is to take away healthcare
