Obamacare continues to fail. Humana to pull out in 2018. Will repeal, replace & save healthcare for ALL Americans. 
https://origin-nyi.thehill.com/policy/healthcare/319538-humana-to-drop-out-of-obamacare-marketplace-at-end-of-2017 …
@repairrestores1 how's about being a part of the solution instead of provoking more hate & disrespect. It's been < a month!
that a fact? So Obama cured cancer, housed the homeless and balanced the economy in a month?
when you can apply that same thought across the board (both sides) then we can chat. Open ur mind
Single Payer ... only takes 12 characters.
In fact it requires less than that...Delete the words "over 65" from Medicare statute!
I'm still waiting for the premiums to get cheaper under obamacare.
Obamacare/ACA saved the life of 2 customers & 1 former friend. All Trump voters. The friend still hates Obama!
2/The premiums R unaffordable 4 most working folks & unusable b/c of sky-high deductibles. Nds 2 B natl system.
@SenBobCaseyI agree but need to keep ACA in  meantime or people (including my daughter) could die.Born with heart defects
ur a total fool. Ur plan is failing miserably. The one u forced on us and u still sit on ur hands. Apply the law to congress to
go back in ur basement
still waiting to c u doing something constructive while ur paid and collecting benefits only a senator get from laws u pass.
I'm still wondering why people can't keep their doctor under obamacare.
burn
LOL!
maybe you could reach actoss the aisle and offer your assistance. Isnt that how its supposed to be done? Grow up!

We all are
gues they're taking their time so they don't pass SHIT like last administration.
.@SenBobCasey
Get this DONE
It's inevitable
It's The Right Thing To Do
https://www.congress.gov/bill/115th-congress/house-bill/676?r=26 …
@HeSlimedMeRay
their plan is to do nothing so insurance companies can't prepare for 2018
true
should introduce yourself to @RandPaul ....
If you do your own tweets, kudos; if you have an aide write them, give that aide a raise.

Read the ACA. That was their plan.
without obamacare     those people will have to go on welfare for medical assistance
@zleegaspar it will all take care of itself after the marginally healthy and working cl baby boomers die
Hey Bob, please list your accomplishments since the first of the year.  As I thought NOTHING
you and the rest of the American people who believe in doing the right thing for ALL Americans.
GOP plan may not even provide care for that many (140).
@barbilazarow @realDonaldTrump wakeup, healthcare into TriCare, Wall Street out, before gov't gets taken down by investment
@ihearthk4   I'm still wanting the government to work for its people
HA! 
@smitty187 Exactly. Health ins. Execs looking at policy insecurity as cause 4 more big premium increases.
Agreed! They have NO plan; they simply want to leave Americans in a lurch due to their hatred for Obama who tried to do right.
.@SenBobCasey  WHY ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY NOT ON OBAMACARE IF IT IS SO WONDERFUL? #UnSeatBobCasey
#HeIsNotBobCasey .@addthis #Pennsylvania
.@SenBobCasey It won't be the Marxist plan YOU (still back) ACA covered like 4% uninsured but 96% payers HAS RATES & DEDUCTABLES RAISED?
agree totally
Bob Casey leads the Senate in retweets and is last in ideas
140 characters is better than 2700 unread pages passed with lies  backroom deals & your supported forced abortion funding
All we get is talk, they had 6 years to develop a better idea.  NOTHING HAPPENED
thanks for update#class act
I'd like to see an actual bill so debate can begin.
 Paul Ryan notes everyday it is a step by step approach. @krallenstanges
Humana pulling out because WH making them nervous.
Damn Savage! 
they are making sure to read it instead of passing it first and then see what it says.
So am I.  I sent your our story about how the ACA saved our family. Hope you get a chance to read it.
@uncivilobedient @realDonaldTrump - There is no health plan. They don't care. They can all own hospitals and just might.
@realDonaldTrump nice one! Us too. Seriously people's lives depend on it
Don’t hold your breath, Senator. Thank you for all you do for #Pennsylvania.
ur an expert right, since ur exempt from ACA, maybe u wld pay my 7,500 deductible so I can go to Dr?  Tweet me I'll send addy

is the new sass master Senator.
You are the best!
Please fight with all you have. My sons life depends on having insurance. (and for the trolls, I pay for it.)
Don't hold your breath, Senator.
Can u remind him that Humana pulled out because they tried to blackmail a merger into being?
don't do it! We need it!
@realDonaldTrump here is no replacement! I saw my premium prices go down!
Right! They have tried to repeal it for years but have nothing to replace it because they are not serious about providing it
love it!
Humana revenues up in 2016. Made billions! No amt of legislation can fight that w/o measures to reign them in.
y'all would actually have to have a plan!  You don't, six years to find the one and nothing, give us a break!
nice zinger 
...and your recommended healthcare solution? Stop cursing the darkness and light a candle senator. Your whining is disturbing.
lol nice one. Too bad it's not a joke...
@realDonaldTrump u don't seem to care but for those of us who r self employed we have one insurer left in Bucks county
&given how premiums&deductibles have skyrocketed,the rational choice4many who prev had ins is to forgo it.
I can't believe the pty I have always supported is so corrupt,arrogant, elitist, hateful & deaf to the ppl
no new plan this is old plan deregulation and the 99%pay more and have less. Wasn't that the plan all along?
@realDonaldTrump you can pretend this faux resistance is real,but the ACA&lies that sold it have wreaked havoc for PA families
Nice burn.
They are too busy creating more lies and coverup. This is like Watergate all over again but within 30 days of taking office
Return to a private healthcare system.Cut taxes to allow people to pay premiums.Public servant salaries/pension cuts to fund.
@realDonaldTrump seriously Sen Casey?ACA isn't working.Y don't u debate Rand Paul re his proposal if u want 2b constructive.
U defend it like its good insurance. If you really believe that you need to go in 2018. You can tweet that
Yeah, you'd like a 6,000 page document with myriad hidden policies. Typical Liberal deceit
Obamacare is great for this reason. Don't sign up. Pay the fee for not having it. If you get really sick get it. Works great.
That and his tax returns.
What a distracting statement from him. Thank you Sen Casey for your beliefs.
Don't hold your breath.
Dems are part of Congress too, why don't Dems fix the mess they never read but rammed down our throats,killed middle-class
Stand tall for us.
The Democrats gave the American people this failed ObamaCare and made it a tax on American businesses.  Resign now!
Are we sure Trump is GOP? Mostly he just seems ultra-right. Not even alt. Just...ultra.
that is some serious shade you are throwing 
another distraction; get to the Russians
you're disgusting.  Get with program and help!!!#
we  reading your tweets! Keep them coming!
boom!
Why? No Democrats would read it then.
what about @randpaul plan? Any good? Any traction in congress?
good one Senator Casey! And your not alone!!
thank u Senator 4 representing the American people,especially while some of ur counterparts put us at risk.Happy Valentines Day
Keep the pressure on the GOP. They have no plan. We all know that.
Thank you for being there for us
Then why don't you help?  You seem to be able to sustain yourself on pure cynicism. Americans can't.
Well said, so are we all. No repeal without a replacement
Why didn't you come up with something that isn't a failure? #keepyourplan? #obstructionist #dosomethingconstructive  #zip18640
keep up the pressure Senator, #keepthemhonest
have you seen @RandPaul 's plan? It's the only sensible one I've seen from either party. #FreeMarket #Healthcare
why should he..you folks didn't read the first one from Obama. 140 characters is more inline with ur aptitude
Me too. I'm sure a lot of people want to know what's in #TrumpCare
You and every other American.
@connolly206 @SenBobCasey what about a national security plan more than 140?
You planning on doing some work in between tweets?
@HobhouseFlower  good one.
140 character plan would be the best.  GET (ALWAYS MAKES IT WORSE) GOVERNMENT OUT OF THE WAY! Especially when a D is involved.
I know you are doing a lot these days, but could you walk across the hall and wake up @SenToomey
Toomey pa. Will not forget
You support the failed Obamacare which we HATE!
LOL. They have had 7 years and they are still working on it. The gop "better way"
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats Bob Casey needs to run for President 2020. A qualified voice of reason.
Still waiting to hear ANY democrat explain ACA that needed "to be passed to see what's in it"
Trump claims everything in the US is broken or a disaster. How did our democracy ever survive without him!!!!!
You are on fire, sir.
while you're waiting, do something that benefits Americans and Pennsylvanians.
that would b unheard of. If doesn't benefit him in someway it ain't going to happen.  Replace Casey in 2018.
Still waiting to see what's affordable about this "affordable care act" you forced down our throats...
Cmon GOP, put up or shut up
Exactly.
if you're not part of the solution, you're part of the problem. Congrats, Sen Problem but I knew that when you were governor
You are becoming quite the Tweeter!  I like it!
reminds me of somebody...wait it will come to me...ohhhh of course! Mr President! Keep tweeting!  my president!
@NoFascistsPls  Just wish he would go away and stop embarrassing the country with his incompetence.  His winning is killing us.
I like it.
How is Obamacare failing? 45 keeps saying that, but i'm not hearing that from friends who have it.
I'm not your friend but Obamacare is ruining me. So there you go
, that's some wicked-good tweeting.
Competitive Free Market insurance without Gov't regulation or interference. The invisible hand NOT your hand will regulate $
I think that's the tweet of the day!!!
yours not his
Rick Saccone 2018
Also what's that about a advisor that recently resigned in a more immediate problem for the administration?
All performers know, when you are losing the crowd, go back to your greatest hits.
Their current plan fits into 140. Next one? A thread?
Yes, we've been hearing about "repeal & replace" which, from the beginning were benighted promises; there is no replacement.  
Touché @SenBobCasey.  Fortunately it seems our so-called president is a bit too distracted at the moment to focus on plan decimate the ACA.
Still waiting to see a healthcare plan from the GOP that's more than 140 characters. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/831636777110757377 …
Maybe @SenToomey will take your calls & meet with you about this. He sure won't talk to us, his constituents.
another #GOPcoward
so what you didn't read the other 60 some times they passed one?
He's still trying to find out what's in the ACA.
Trump promised that we would all be "beautifully covered".  @SenateGOP
wondering when we are going to see the left stop acting like whiny little brats
I think we have something a lot bigger to worry about now it's called Russia and trump, we need reports what he has invented
Boom!
Unfortunately our new president rules by statements of < 140 words—most of them being dumb ones
the irony is so are you
or one that tells us a little more than how awful Obamacare is.
Me too. I'm really worried...
