Trump administration planning sharp cuts in programs promoting health care enrollment under the Affordable Care Act. http://apne.ws/nI80SJH 
Your party forced ACA into becoming "law". Why didn't you do it right? Now you want us to allow you another chance to save it? No, just NO.
It was approved by both sides, with more than 100 republican amendments. No one ever said it was perfect. But Trump's threats make it worse.
I should say the Republican controlled Congress lied to the people when they said they'd repeal. They will pay with some seats.
The effects of repealing without replacing with a thoughtful, well-designed plan were far too devastating. 30 million hurt is not acceptable
30 million? What orfice did you pull that number from? Btw, Health Care is NOT a Right. I challenge u or anyone to show where it is.
Forgive me. Not 30 but 32 million. CBO report:
Here's a fact. Jobs and good wages will empower people to pay their way through life. Govt. entitlement is not the path to prosperity.
Here's a fact: business as usual is what led to the pre-ACA mess of so many uninsured or uninsurable. It wasn't the good scenario you claim
Healthcare is not a right. If I am forced into Universal Healthcare then u take away my 
#MAGA
What legislation have you put forward? What are u doing? I forget u r my Senator. What have u accomplished? Can't think of a thing?
I don't think this president is interested in improving ANYTHING from the previous administration. Sad, his goal is not helping others.
How are you still talking about ACA while we're waiting for decision on DACA? Your staff has been quietly promising your support. SPEAK UP!
Both issues are still relevant
Right but Healthcare is the only legislative issue Casey is addressing. He needs to be a representative for all issues.
If you repeal it, it wouldnt be anymore. How bout dat for a simple fix. ACA is nothing more than a stepping stone to socialism.
Repeal gets us back to 60+ million uninsured. That's why the ACA passed with bi-partisan support.
But those 60+million has access to insurance, just chose not too. ACA is actually making it impossible to purchase, again a little research.
Stop with the sarcasm about "research." I have real numbers, know real info, not conspiracy BS theories pushed by anyone opposed to Obama.
So do your real numbers tell u whos paying for ACA, or are u one of these sheep that think the governments paying for it
You don't know me or what I know. I'm done with you. Life is too short to waste time with someone who slings insults every time he speaks.
Insults? . Just calling u on made up numbers. By the way even bernies highest estimation was 24 million.
Prohibition used to be the law of the land.
Seriously - a senator would rather spend $ advertising instead of actual healthcare
Too jealous of President Obama.
Tried 2 meet w/ Toomey about this but only got staff 8/25. Asked 4 commitments not 2 sabotage & 2 work across the aisle. Must keep U in Sen!
Cud hav free #healthcare like Libya had b4 we destroyd in multiTril$ wars for Israel http://www.globalresearch.ca/libya-ten-things-about-gaddafi-they-dont-want-you-to-know/5414289 … See http://www.globalresearch.ca/greater-israel-the-zionist-plan-for-the-middle-east/5324815 …
The ACA was/is a failure and needs to be replaced. Congress needs to get off their butts and get the job done. All should get busy NOW!!!
Several groups are busy working on ways to stabilize the market, reduce rates, and get better coverage for more people.
Amen!
REPLACE AND REPEAL OBAMACARE. FACT.
Worst POTUS of all time. You've never heard him explain in detail any policy. He's clueless, even to the policies he supports.
Medicare for all is the next step. Are you going to #standup4medicare?
Violating the constitution is impeachable. #faithfullyexecutethelaw
Trump is a bad, bad man
Sad you just parrot the Dem talking points, @BobWolper . Really SAD.
Sad that he's correct.
@AP_Politics you forgot, Trump decided law only applies to him/his cronies when he says so. #RuleOfLaw over.
Obamacare, sir. Obamacare. It's your baby. Enjoy.
You should give up your senate-provided healthcare plan and join #Americans in this #Obamacare shit-show (you won't).
#RepealAndReplace #Obamacare! We're getting killed by rising premiums and costs!
Now it's work with us, you didn't care to work with anybody when you passed it. You should have, we wouldn't be in this predicament.
I urge you to do as much as you can to remove him from office. And preferably, America too.
You, the Democrats, have FAILED the people!! Do not blame @POTUS because your party is monumentally inept!
Senator, doesn't POTUS' action violate Article 2, Section 3, Clause 5 the "Faithful Execution Clause" of the Constitution?
He'd rather screw the American people then help them.  He goes to Houston where he's not wanted during devastation and campaigns
Pssst, that not Trump's real twitter acct.
That's easy. Repeal it.
Maybe you democrats should have been honest if you like your doctor you can keep him. And we have to pass to know what is in it
I'm switching to democrat to vote against you in the primary...good luck
Fix what's broken
It's only the because you and your cronies shoved it down our throats. #Oust Bob Casey in 2018
@HouseGOP &@realDonaldTrump are #racists they want to undermine @POTUS44 accomplishments cannot stand a #negro saving the economy of #USA
I pay just over 100 dollars a month for my health care your Obama care sucks I have my own doctor regards from Alberta Canada 
But obamacare is better than what many had before -- people denied based on pre-existing conditions, 35 million people without any coverage
You're talking sensible... While the Trump Administration is nonsensical... ... A hill to climb... 
Medicare. For. All.
Correct senator, it's the law, why is he being allowed to do anything that subverts or undermines the aca? Why is he not following the law?
Immigration laws are there too  and they are the law of the land  as well. You can pick and choose?
The problem is Dems want a single payer option to replace Obamacare. Chants of Medicare for all coming out of California!
ACA is what sabotaged our health care system. Full REPEAL
Rampant greed sabotaged the health care system. The ACA gave coverage to 35 million Americans who were denied or couldn't afford it before.
Thats why insurance companies have seen more profit under ACA. Im sorry u believe all the senators bs, might wanna do some actual research.
Why don't you all sue like House GOP sued Obama?
Legal immigration is the law of the land but that hasn't stopped liberals from creating sanctuary cities in violation of said law.
And you know all the exact provisions of  immigration law, right? Also, the subject is about POTUS setting an example by following the law.
Yes. I do know enough about the illegality of sanctuary cities. Thanks for checking though. Our previous POTUS did not set that example.
Again, the subject is CURRENT POTUS. Stay on point or take your disparaging comments elsewhere.
Funny since Republicans offered amendments the first time around and Democrats refused to consider most since they only needed a few votes
To shove through a fundamentally flawed piece of legislation incapable of delivering Obama's key promises of keeping your provider and
Doctor....
Lou Barletta, cngrsmn from PA district # 11 is challenging Bob Casey for the US Senate seat. Go Lou
No ACA!! The big lie is over!!!
I can't wait to vote you out of office. You've never come through for your constituents. Only interested in donor $ and kickbacks
Criminal sabotage act...
http://app.leg.wa.gov/rcw/default.aspx?cite=9.05.060 …
Your opinion of immigration laws of the land are much different
U.S.Constitutions requires that POTUS "take care that the Laws be faithfully executed". ACA is duly-enacted law. Not  at Trump's discretion

Exactly.
You were elected to make/change laws that will benefit your constituents.100% ADA premium increase not helping us! Can I get on your policy?
Good old Trump & GOP...lie, cheat & steal to get their way. Zero integrity & infinite hypocrisy.
@SenateDems @HouseDemocrats 
Please take action against this madness!
Blockade the WH and Capitol Building.
You lead, we'll follow
The medical industrial complex is a giant ripoff. Taxpayer funded healthcare will save us billions and save more lives.
I'mm sure the same thing was said about Prohibition.
Yes, your leadership in working toward improvements could also help improve your 56% people thinking you r tearing this country apart.
"What have you got to lose?" Healthcare. Voting rights. Clean water.

Let's ignore that Capitalism made America the greatest country in the world..... #delusional
No one is saying abandon capitalism. Good grief. We're saying there's room for humanity alongside profits.
Capitalism is hands-down the most sympathetic type of economy. The ACA is bad for everyone but those you designed it.
Unfair law, change it. You get a 73 percent tax payer exemption should I get that too!
Anything that Obama touched he wants to destroy. He's completely ego driven at the cost of American lives.
Anything Obama did Trump will destroy. I think he is using the presidency for his hatred of President Obama
How can u fix a system that has so many stipulations and red tape? Simply keep #medicaid for those most in #need and work on a new plan?
Yeah like how you worked with Repubs to get it done in the first place right? Get rid of it and replace with a bipartisan plan.
Fake news. Probably put out by the DNC.
Senator Casey, Please stop acting like you care for us. We see through you. Why won't you condemn ANTIFA?
y won't u work with others on theirs????
A crap ass deal for America that democrats forced on us
Why does he have to work with you? Why don't you work with HIM??
Affordable Care Act, not affordable, no care, all just an act, remember you can keep your doctor if you want to
IS THIS HEINOUS ACT LAWFUL?
He did.... what do you want him to do? He wants a bill to sign!
you need to have a chat w/Goodlatte.
http://www.rollcall.com/news/politics/top-ethics-democrat-gets-pushed-trump?utm_source=rollcallafternoon&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=newsletters&utm_source=rollcallafternoon&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=newsletters …
You are batshit nuts if you think we want to repair the monstrosity of a 'law'...slavery was law of the land too. hope you get primaried out
So, you want to vote for another Democrat, just not Bob?
No Democrats ever.  The DNC has been a pox on the USA since Andrew Jackson and the sooner they disappear the better off we all will be.
Then why would you only hope he loses the primary?
Who cares when he loses...the primary is a good start though...why are you worried about the minutia of the statement? DNC DEAD 2018
Why is his impeachment taking so long??

The affordable care act was shoved down our throats, and congress exempted. Cowards
You democrats are having the same level of involvement that you gave the republicans. 
What goes around comes around.
What? that's the stupidest thing I've heard in 3 hours. Right up there with I trust trump.
So is immigrating here legally but that doesn't seem to bother you. Lawmakers should agree to enforce all laws. #NOCHERRYPICKING
My stance is the gov. is unfit for this kind of work, this healthcare thing. Let the experts do it instead. Improve it that way.
What experts would you recommend, and to do what?
Major healthcare providers, and make things more affordable, workable, effective, all that stuff. Wish I could say more, but y'know, Tweets.
Those are all good goals, I agree. Healthcare providers and insurance providers do very different things, however. Doctor <> Actuary
Ah, gotcha. It's strange, though, those sound like they should be the about the same thing. Insurance is paying for healthcare, right?
People pay premiums to insurance companies (to reduce risk of large payouts), those are pooled/invested by company to pay individual claims
What are the numbers?
That's my senator, the good one! Thank you sir!
I think you meant @realDonaldTrump
He's not too bright. Ever see him debate
He doesn't care
He doesn't care. He's in business for himself and it's disgraceful
