Get your coworker @SenToomey on board, Mr. Casey. Don't let this thing through the Senate, please!

Signed,

Concerned PA residents
Toomey hasn't done jack-shit for his people ... he won't even meet with them.  He is a coward.
Exactly why I want @SenBobCasey to talk to him!
Casey only talks to people who fund his campaign like big pharma lobbyists
Please DON'T vote for RyanCare and kill the BAT!  #USSenate #DoesUSSenateCare? @SenToomey
The silver lining of this grotesque display = great raw footage for midterm ads. A careless gift @SenBobCasey @solomonosez
Unfortunately your base doesn't know what midterm is.
We didn't in 2014, you're right about that. We do now though. & we can feel your fear @1put3295 @SenBobCasey @solomonosez
If you say so.  Say hi to all your cats.
What services ??  Limited plan with few doctors, outrageous cost And congress wasn't made to purchase it...... Obamacare sucks!!!!
Then you'll love the new plan cause you won't have any premiums ... or insurance.
I have insurance and have always paid my own way!!!  I don't sit around and wait for someone to take care of me.
Then you are very fortunate. You must be happy with what you have then. SO don't bash the ACA, then, if you have private insurance.
we are having a #protectourcare demonstration at 2nd and chestnut today at 6 pm in philly. can you make it?!
Sounds lame.
Now the malicious TrumpCare come to you in the Senate. 
Do not let this happen to your people. Never. 
TrumpNoCare is an elite tax break.
Like a bunch of frat boys after a rape.
I saw House Reps asked if they had read the bill and more than a dozen said no. How can they vote yes on something they haven't read? WTF?
@amveryverypink
I CAN NOT STAND THAT JUST FUCKED OVER 98% GOP SMILE.They all have it. I just want to slap them . Angers me . Deep breath. OOOOOOOMMMMMM
We are ready to fight, @SenBobCasey!
Whe all know you were lining your pockets under obamacare.  Let's be honest on why you are a democrat
Sent 3 sets of postcards to all Toomey's offices. Called. Will do more.
And the 24 million are the ones that didn't want your crap failure insurance but had to pay fines if they didn't sign up.
No, they, like me, r the ones prev denied cvg B4 ACA. I have arthritis, work and was denied.
Disgraceful.
Not having your own sword of justice for this supposed injustice also does the same thing. You had no plan B knowing your ship was sinking.
My heart is breaking
Thank you for continuing to fight for us @SenBobCasey
so fight please.
Repeat. Disgusting.  A funeral and wake for 24 million people.
Who has names who picked pre-existing list? I prefer to hold them accountable individually instead of letting them hide behind their party.
Sen Casey will you lead the way to protect the working poor from noncvg of Crohn's Disease, cancer and  Lifetime Limits? We need u.
Thanks for standing up to this. How could anyone celebrate millions losing coverage who can least afford to do so?
Because they believe that your rhetoric is wrong, obamacare was garbage, and this could make it better.
Appalling.
Or awesome
so CUT GOV SPENDING in every line of budget, every bureau, dept, agency. Give Citizens their money back. No gov socialized medicine
Now now Senator, methinks you're telling a tale here...
Well, they deported a five year old and his mother that are marked for death. What makes you think they care about us more?
Yep, we are. And all that gloom-and-doom tripe you're peddling is not factual and nonsensical
Understand the cuts to medicare will affect many MORE people
Seniors are on Medicare
 Disgusting and Russian loving American haters will get theirs in 2018! @SpeakerRyan
@SenToomey Toomey is such a coward, my fear is he will support this horrible bill! Senator Casey, fight hard, lives depend on it!
Weren't you a supporter of ACA? Well it's failing! Insurers BAILING! What's your fix?!
Congress should get this same coverage!
Now, this admin. will have the blood of millions on their hands. This can't keep going on, folks!Something has got to give-evil can't go on!
stop the lying Casey I don't think your fooling anyone well not very many anyway Dems are just mad finally a prez for the us
You know what you and your fellow #senators need to do to prevent this abomination from passing! #veto #REJECTAHCA
Disgraceful. An embarrassment to all Americans.
Yes, why doesn't the government just take care of all of us so we can be little subserviant minions! I couldn't afford ins under ACA!
What are you going to help Do about it America need you to RISE UP!!!!
24M that CHOOSE Not to buy HC insurance. The Socialist Utopia is being unraveled, pulling the country from the liberal left
And also lessens the amount of funding schools receive for students with disabilities, many who are rejected from #SchoolChoice schools
Religious Freedom & affordable healthcare in the same day.   That's called WINNING!!!
Mamma always said when you do wrong make sure to go big or go home ! Run sick and old run! #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TAXRETURNS
Thanks for doing your part. Please continue to advocate for us and work with others to #VoteNoAHCA #constituatesmatter
Try telling the truth instead of lying bc you dems lost!
#TheResistance stands behind you sir. Fight for us like your father would have.
@SenatorBobCasey 

you lie.....and lie....then lie again....

that's your game plan correct??

Communism Sucks.
You Sir......SUCK
Sickening
thank you for the effort, please try to stop this in the senate.
Is absolutely hateful and unChristain
It will certainly haunt them!!!!
I am sickened by this but, unfortunately, don't trust your fellow Senators anymore than I do this bunch of morons in the House. Help!
How do you in Congress start spending less of our money?
@RepTimMurphy thank you Senator Casey for standing up for Pennsylvania. My Congressman will not even hold a town hall!
Fitzpatrick your rep?
Fitzpatrick voted "no" and has held events in various sections in Levittown to speak to constituents.
He is still gonna be voted out in 2018. And I will lead the charge.
That was just disgusting. 
Guess what bob? Tomorrow we go after the water and air! Bwaa-ha-haha!
You stood by me and my daughter at a health care rally in Feb. and said you'd fight like hell. Thank u 4 being a man of your word. 
Trumpcare Sucks! What happened to his promise that EVERYONE will have health-care and it will be CHEAPER. Lies! Sic!
And gives a trillion dollar tax cut to the already wealthy.
Friendly reminder that in this context, using the term 'middle class' casts everyone poorer than them as less deserving 
The same 24 million without insurance under O' care
?
How do you know that's what will happen? You don't!
Let the ins. Companies raise premiums keep in each state to controlled the price. Means higher premiums. Give them billions in payments. Ya
Alot of the cost to the employee
 Cut hours from 40 to 30 hours so they didn't have pay for their ins.cut medicare for seniors by 20 % bobby
Obama and Casey screwed 50 million with Bama care. Gave the unions exemptions to the union workers federal workers.let the businesses shift
Alot of the cost to the private sector. Alot workers were cut to 30 hrs. From 40 hrs. So the employers didn't have to pay for ins. Bob smile
Deplorable?
That sounds like Bama and Casey care
38000 wages,28000 take home pay,3475 premium, 2700 deductible, 15900 out of pocket.that what you gaveus
@SenBobCasey did it ever occur to you and that Americans do not want the Federal Government forcing them to buy something?
They really are deplorable - no question.
@SenBobCasey lying to PA voters! Democratic Party Hackjob Bob! Schemer and Pelosi more important than hard working PA families!
You better be giving your PA colleague an earful til the Senate vote. If #Toomey won't answer our calls, you need to be our voice
Thank you @SenBobCasey for representing all of your constituents so well, even those who don't yet know it. #Resist
Wait Obamacare was passed again?
Forcing people to get Healthcare when there isn't any to buy is bad!  This is America....Freedom!  To get HC or not!
That was exactly what you democrats did when you passed Obamacare.  Don't you remember joe "big fu-- deal.  So classless language.
Hysterical. No reference to the Dems being childish on the floor as well! Pathetic of both parties!
But no Communist must purchase clause
Thank you, @SenBobCasey , for looking out for your fellow citizens in PA!
Can you get Toomey and slap some sense into him? This bill is a death sentence everyone but the rich.
Reprehensible. Just evil. What did they just win? Something to help their constituents?
The sad thing is when all the PA people are in dire straits, it will back up on your doorstep, not trump and his cesspool.
.@SenBobCasey you were warned about ObamaCare - you did nothing
Bob remind them that PA'S Rocky theme song is inappropriate b/c ironically it is sung by Survivor & " Eye of the Tiger " is now pre-existing
@AlasscanIsBack Happy happy happy they got that first win for the orange cancer We should all be ashamed
This will also reduce immunizations and create plagues of preventable diseases -- like the mumps outbreak at Penn State this winter.
Wait are you talking about obama care?? Bobby
But they gave all those RICH ppl a 1 trillion tax break. What's NOT to be happy about???? This is NOT the GOP party it used 2 b
Nice
Major accomplishment to pass a bill in a house they control.
Why wasn't Casey listening to people from the start I.e. 2010 regarding their concerns & trying to fix ACA? Now he's outraged?
You left out "guts protections in employer-provided insurance; tax breaks for the wealthy, and exempts Congress from the same rules."  
At the same time the bill does all this they make their pockets fatter from it. Greed obsession!
Yeah Bobby that was called Obamacare. You exempted yourself from that fiasco. Now that your not exempt your outraged.Self serving politician
Thank you for all you do Sen. Casey. Please continue to do the right thing and fight for you constituents.
#shame on @KeithRothfus
Shameful.
Shameful
Go back to sleep Bob.
He's been in a coma for 10 years
Call Senators to say no.
People think this will not effect them.  People need to get head out of sand
I was appalled watch it live.  They acted like a gloating child who swiped the last piece of candy out of a toddler's hand. Shameful.
Very happy that my PA district Republican rep, @RepMeehan , voted against this horrible bill. I know you will do the same  Senator Casey.
Not matter what Casey voted to exempt members of Congress under Obamacare. Now he's forced to join & he's outraged.Casey is manipulating us.
you didn't care about cost for us with Obamacare. At least pretend your not a complete hypocrite.
You have my vote in 2018. Please remind Senator Toomey he depends on our votes too. I need my health insurance.
Toomey's not up for re-election til 2022. 6 years for a Senator, 2 yrs for a Congressman (Fitzpatrick)
Please help kill it Senator
Hey bob maybe my health care costs will not take my whole pay check now
We love you for your opposition to this ridiculous bill that only hurts more Americans!
They are pathetic. What sickins me they won't lose insurance.
Hey bob it's been 7 years of sucko health care and spiraling costs it's an improvement
It's absolutely horrifying. On the plus side we see exactly what heartless creatures they are, I mean in case we didn't realize it before.
Not to mention the stress it puts on women!!
The ads write themselves...
Imagine families tonight facing real consequences.  Financial ruin vs. survival.  So angry right now.
Thank you in advance for your efforts to stop this in the senate.
It is revolting
And I hear they're rolling cases of beer into celebrate this "victory"  ?
Many @GOP spell Christian *cri$tian.
It is okay you will not need to worry after 2018 electons
When did you ever care about the middle class Bob?
They are as deplorable as the deplorable liar in chief. How much $ switched hands to stroke the treasonous @realDonaldTrump ego? #resist
They're evil. What do you expect?
Thank you to you Senator for the NO vote please don't let it pass the senate. Thanks to Charlie Dent  for his NO
everybody knows the fbi stole the election. everybody knows you arent going to do anything about it.
Shameful corruption.
It's disgusting.  How can these people call themselves public servers when do against the public they promise to serve?
Abhorrent. I hope they all have good retirement plans.... #VoteThemOut
Question: How many Trump voters will now think he has "won" on healthcare?
Let this b a wakeup call for ppl 2 get informed/involved, stop #AHCA in Sen. & as for the 217 who don't care abt constituents? #VoteThemOut
@flgranny64 I have never in my life wished harm on anyone but I guess there's a first for everything
I haven't either. But this is my first time. These are evil
That's how it goes in the locker room...
They can laugh now, but they won't be laughing when they lose their jobs. SHAMEFUL. Callous disregard for human life. #FakeProLifers
My heart is breaking and I just want to vomit.
the Senate is next, I know ur do ur best.
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
stop talking about bills when you already let the fbi pick the president. They dont need bills anymore. this is a police state.
If you ever vote for a Republican ever again may your soul die.
What costs will be raised for the middle class? ACA was already killing the middle class, what does the AHCA do different?
huge premium hike for pre-x (at least $5000/yr), domestic violence & rape now pre-x, no prescription, ER coverage...
Everyone is affected by those not just the middle...Middle class pays more in taxes and doesn't get subsidiaries to help with ins. costs
Vile! Sick!
Death Panels.
don't forget that huge tax cut for the wealthy!
Disgusting!
Let's all remember this moment when it's time to vote in future elections, but we also need to get rid of the electoral college before 2020.
right now I hate every republican voter....i don't like to use he word hate but boy what a disgusting representation of the GOP
Disgraceful.
What excuses can they come up with? They can't plead ignorance.  They are sadistic group and some will  be out of politics soon. Very soon.
you guys smiled and backslapped after passing a bill that raised my deductible from under 1 k to over 6k.
So we don't have insurance anymore and that i have to deal with dangerous crazy adult children who can't control themselves w/no meds?!
Do as every working person does...buy insurance and teach your children manners etc
so if i don't buy insurance i have no manners? lol let me tell ya making 11.50 an hour here doesn't even have one make RENT
They disgust me.
A bad CBO score will be devastating. I expect some preemptive tweets soon.
Like the BS Xbox score that Obamacare got you people are a joke
CBO
We need universal health care like every other developed country. There would be no for-profit insurance companies. #socialism
@realDonaldTrump and @GOP and @SpeakerRyan are a disgrace to this country. Sad day for millions of Americans.
Makes me sick
Bob Casey for President in 2020!!
#IHaveBeenMurdered
makes me want to puke - is that a preexisting condition?
Ummm Hello? Obamacare is already doing that!
