So was obamacare and you voted for it
Ur the scam sir
It is not a choice if YOU CANNOT AFFORD IT. That removes any choice.
My story...
Very sorry to hear of your struggles. I'll pray for you. Our insurance cost copay and deductibles resulted in our cost doubling since ACA
Yeah I wish Reps and Dems could work together to make something that isn't screwing over someone else instead of flawed plans. I'm sorry. 
That's what we all need to team up on and make them do, hopefully in a positive manner
I absolutely agree. It would be nice if they could all come together if only this once.
@SenDeanHeller @robportman @SenCapito @SenRonJohnson @womensmarch Unconscionable #ProtectOurCare
Afford deductable so we can not treat her numb hands. Patient 2 had surgery and has bills over 3k after Insurance. He needs second surgery
An 1100 page bill that nobody can understand is the real scam
He can't afford the Out of Pocket costs.  Very very sad! Ppl are only carrying a Health Card that covers little and costs a small fortune
Yesterday two Patients came to office w Insurance costs effecting their decision for treatment. 1 didn't have test because she couldn't
Stop the nonsense and get to work , pass a plan
obamacare, which YOU voted for is a scam. YOU scammed Pennsylvanians with that vote.
Scam? ACA was a hidden tax and another failed progressive idea. ACA passed via lies ? please stop!
I guess the "freedom" means "freedom to die" under this bill. @tedcruz
It's time for Single Payer in the US, Senator Casey. You should add your voice behind it. Dems need to stand for it. Tall and proud.
If I want a choice of a skimpy plan why can't I have it? I had a GREAT plan until the ACA abolished it. Where was your (fake) concern then?
Thank you Sen Casey for protecting our health and financial  well-being!
So what you're telling us, is that for the first time in history the universe, consumer choice will lead to higher prices?

Really?
Thank you, @SenBobCasey !
Anything the GOP puts forth for healthcare can be labled a scam and is frankly evil.  GOP needs to work with Dems or get out of the way!
I trust Cruz as far as my left ear can spit! Scam is right!
Sen Casey show us your plan to fix ObamaCare?

You can't make this stuff up. 
Like letting GM sell cars without seatbelts. Sure it's cheaper, but...
The Republican Russian Party are pathetic and un-American.
Just like always.The LIES& deception from GOP, no surprise now.    .@SenBobCasey
Shorter headline: it’s a scam. https://apnews.com/17b55c0c5a994d11b4974f83f7e8e4d7/Senate-consumer-choice-idea-could-raise-premiums-for-sick … …
GOP senators need to have to purchase what they're trying to sell to US citizens!
A Bunch of BULLCRAP!
GOP senators need to be covered by their so called health care!  Very bad plan!
Pathetic
What a surprise. :-(
I've called @PatToomey and e-mailed. He doesn't care what PA citizens have to say. Can you talk to him?
Sustainability+affordability is needed. Because ACA provides neither, you likely supports single payor; that's fine but please just say so.
ohhhh you mean they could still make 35 million dollar salaries and provide NO service for conning the poor and the stupid into buying
Why is Cruz in charge of anything? He can't even acknowledged trump made fun of his wife. Just shows lack on any loyalty to anything or body
Has the GOP consulted Actuaries?
It is always good for nothing getting done when Cruz opens his mouth. Mr. Popularity.
Just the citizens that can afford higher premiums- the ill
This isn't the way to win over any voters for his next bid for president.
It sure is! I appreciate your tireless efforts to stop this debacle from passing.
Health care thing has evolved into "make more money for her insurance providers". Now we'll have to buy insurance we can't afford to use!
 straight to the point.
EVERYTHING is a scam to Casey! Good Grief, Man! When will you work for solutions rather than pushing rhetoric? You are a PUBLIC SERVANT!
This would leave folks w/ pre-existing conditions in exactly the same position: forced to buy expensive healthcare that would bankrupt them.
I was once in Texas High Risk pool. Huge premiums, massive deducts and copays. Cruz is recreating THAT.
exactly. hrps are idiocy. #basiceconomics implicit within everything cruz says is the idea that Americans shouldn't care about each other.
A recent study on healthcare in the world, the US did poorly. When compared to 10 peer countries, the US best score was 5th-dead last twice.
Mr Casey - please propose that each member of congress who votes for the plan is required to subscribe to plan
Bingo that's it!
Choice is competition which drives costs down. Fact not scam.
Affordable Care is what needs Fixed ; affordable insurance will follow especially with cross state competition
Someone needs to run @SenMajLeader McConnells campaign ad praising KY connect of the ACA because he knew KY voters love it Can u say #fraud
I'm sure it is ; but you must admit so is OBama care ; fix the problem
or, caption: it's a scram
Hey Senator Casey please tweet your other senators cell phone number so we can call him directly
Thank you sir. Please fight for us.
What is wrong with these people? #SaveACA
What don't you get? ACA is SO FLAWED it CANNOT be saved!
Allowing steer-turd bill to go forward & be ridiculed is McConnell's way of embarrassing Lyin Ted, reminding the tail doesn't wag the dog!
@tedcruz has no shame. @VP again I ask, what's wrong with you? Where does your bible land on loving thy neighbor?
This is not health "care". Nothing caring about this disgraceful attempt to exploit sick people.
Thanks for the straight talk, Senator.
#keepACA
