@SenateDems @HouseGOP @SenateGOP Dear Mr President, these are propaganda made by Kabonero Charles assistant of President Obama
,these are efforts of breaking me to invest in Italy where I have already invested
, We pay huge taxes through the bank and we hope to see that our operations are registered on
my personal company the Global flights international LLC.Inc is soon launching it's operations
, though it has been hijacked by agencies and it's domain were registered in UK
, I have been sentenced to coma in order for fellow Senators residing over here to work
, This include nuclear smearing all over the body
ObamaCare plans that leave u with no coverage. Can't afford Out of Pocket cost.  Disgusting
#NeverRepublican2018 at this point. I am tired of being lied to by this admin and @GOP congress. Despicable. Way to alienate the swing vote!
PA needs to call Toomey NOW. He is working on the bill
 (202) 224-4254
Toomey is among the 13 senators drafting the Senate version of the healthcare bill https://twitter.com/bibliogato/status/861925607470497797 …
Good luck getting in touch with him..
https://vimeo.com/216510016  13yr old girl 3x leukemia fighter fearful of healthcare future. Plz share!
Any difference from what Obama lied about?? We cannot trust Gov, too much self interest.
TELL THE TRUTH SENATOR - 53% increase in Healthcare Premiums in PA in 2017.   What are you doing besides tweeting ?
I look at this picture  and say to myself e here is KIM JONG UN when you need him
You of all people want to talk about falsehoods? The polls will speak for us in 2018.
The new KKK
Senator Ryan, can all Americans have the healthcare insurance you have? Please?
Thank you for realizing this!!! Fight for us!!!
You mean falsehoods like what Obama claimed? Those kinda lies or different kinda lies?
Hes not in office...focus..Trump is...and he has lied too.God wake up!
State voting is coming up. We're going to get rid these people.!!!!
Impeach trump first
Senator the fight is already on. Rural versus urban PA. You won't win anymore by hiding in Philly. We want you out!!!!!
GOP wouldn't know the truth if it sat in their laps. #TrumpPerpWalk
Couldn't perform surgery ACA Insurance cover 1k for a surgery that cost $50k. ObamaCare is a Fraud.  This person really has NO Insurance
You created this fiasco Bob with the unaffordable care act! Sucking up to Obama! Read your constitution!
Can't believe you either. I trust President Trump over you Godless democrats
They simply follow the path set by their @POTUS - lying, self-interested, and disrespectful towards Americans
KON..KONTROL..KILL..
Couldn't perform surgery, ACA Insurance only pay $1k per yr.  This person really has NO health insurance. ObamaCare Is Devistating.
Universal healthcare.  Take him at his own words.  Everybody gets covered.
Senator, are you saying they are acting like Democrats?
Why the euphemism?  Lies. The word is lies.
Most of us who are fooled by the bluster and bulls$&t realize a turd when it is presented to us. I feel sorry for those who buy the turd.
Falsehoods?  They are stinking LIARS
Devastating was when first bill was passed.  I refuse to vp re door ant incumbent.
Bob, perhaps you don't understand what your reading? Go talk to Pat. He'll slap you in the head so you comprehend.
I really don't understand. This is just basically to cut government spending and size of govt in our lives? No other reasons?
we need to have a larger voice and protest and in the resistance
and also we need to impeach that idiot in the whitehouse
Seriously? Who said "You like your insurance carrier you can keep it.Cost will go down." Skyrocketing deductibles, prescriptions & dr visits
Learned from how Dems pushed thru Obamacare
Tripping over their YUGE lies
Stop "Trump-no-care"   Health care for all.  Other countries have it.  CA and MA made Obamacare work well. Why not all USA?
Entirely premised on assumption that we're all stupid. We're not.
Falsehoods. I'm still waiting for I can keep my plan. Short memory u genius
Is this like the falsehood that obama promised congress would also be on ACA? Then after it passed he exempted you.
https://twitter.com/gopleader/status/861719391716560896 … Facts matter Stop the nonsense!! Work together Stop the hate I don't care about party politics I care abt results
#AHCA allows states to serve and provide financial support directly to vulnerable populations, including people w/ preexisting conditions. 
as to all the lies demos told about Obozo care, lol
Make a difference. Get the rich to pay the majority of the high risk poll. Add a 200% charitable tax deduct for individ under $150K/Yr.
Its 1984 in real life. Lies are truth
They can't tell the truth about anything. GOP platform consists of lies and falsehoods!
The truth is you and the democrats have failed with health care and the republicans have to fix it Bob
#MarchForTruth  #VoteThemOut  AHCA = American Health Crime Act
Ryan wife told him , u need paycheck. Bills to pay
Falsehoods is not a strong enough word, Senator.They are lying to the American people! Don't be afraid to tell it like it is!#Trumpcarekills

LYIN RYAN. THE RAT LOOKING LIAR.
You're too polite. They are lying. Through their teeth.
In my experience lately, the Repubs can't seem to tell the truth about ANYTHING.
Lies
Maybe you haven't read this bill. PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS ARE COVERED-differently than ACA, but COVERED!! Stop your lying rhetoric!!!
Gee look who just got called out for their BS. Yup Senator Bob Casey. https://twitter.com/kellyannepolls/status/861937996467195904 … Facts matter Work for the ppl not a party
Good read: More evidence that Dems (& friends) are playing to Twitter fan base and not speaking to real voters.  http://dailycaller.com/2017/05/08/democrats-focus-on-retweets-instead-of-voters/?utm_campaign=atdailycaller&utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=Social …
How does anyone believe anything the poster girl of Alt-Fact utters, repeats or retweets?
Is it a lack of Fiduciary Duty to make laws for our health care when Congress had a better different plan?
And they're 100% morally bankrupt
The truth is too devestating
Yes they are Lying to the American ppl to try to push this inhumane so called HC.
And dems resort to instilling fear in the American public. You still haven't faced the reality of ACA. All that fear getting to you?
Parroting DNC lies seems to be your only skill, Bobby.
Being ignorant of facts and data is no way to go through life good sir.
Says the man with an Avatar of POTUS as Hitler. Be gone, troll.
THE PEOPLE WHO BELIEVE THE REPUBLICAN LIES WILL BE HURT THE MOST! UNLESS YOUR IN THE 2% WHO WILL PROFIT FROM THIS DISASTROUS TRUMPCARE
@SenateDems @HouseGOP @SenateGOP please call it what it is: A LIE! The term falsehood is sugar coating
Did you read the Bill? It sure doesn't seem like it! Obama care is dead! No one will die... so please stop scaring we the people. #MAGA
Samething with ObummerCare. Were used to being lied to thanks to he democrats
republicans are LIARS that's what they do Lie and cheat
Lmao! Your talking about the puppet family right! Dems are the biggest threat to our country. #MAGA
Not believing either side on anything till I see it. Believed Obama abt #Obamacare and lived to regret it!
Tell the truth Wddy Munster
Well stated by my Congressmen. Keep up the pressure!
No one lied more to sell anything than Obama. Your accusations are absurd.
you mean like you did with "O" care . Thanks Bobby
Simply put, "Republicans just can't tell the truth -PERIOD!"
Simply put! Dems lie lie lie all the time. They don't know how to tell the truth!
Demwits have lied for years and have not attempted to fix Obamacare!
No it's Dems that are selling falsehoods. Getting very fed-up with them knowingly scaring ppl.
Krauthammer BLASTS Obama's 'complete moral condescension' on Obamacare - The Right Scoop
http://therightscoop.com/krauthammer-blasts-obamas-complete-moral-condescension-on-obamacare/ …
You need to read more and watch less Fox News
@cathymcmorris This is not leadership #flipthe5th
Look who's talking about falsehoods your positions, pockets, interests first.
We know Trump consistently lies, when did speaker Ryan start lying consistently as well
College?
Save our care #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #ResistTrumpCare
THAT'S BS! There are Billions of $$ to subsidize this well into 2020 to give the new plan time to stabilize and states to take over!
@SenateDems @HouseGOP @SenateGOP why do you call them falsehoods and not lies?
These creeps make me sick. How did the Dems lose to them? Oh that's right, corruption. Seems like we need a new party #DraftBernie
The GOP healthcare plan is a tax cut for the wealthy.
You're Shummers puppet.  What have you done about imploding Obamacare?  You're getting support from out-of-state people, but they can't vote
You are the poorest excuse for a Senator that Pennsylvania has ever had. I cannot wait to vote for your opponent in the upcoming election.
Falsehoods=Lies and Liars=Losers
Thank you Sen. Casey. Stay on this, don't let them run from what they've done.
Talk about the disaster that is obama care!
Abe here is Lesson 1 in #theResistance "Spot the Russian BOT" course. Immediate block.
Suck it up buttercups
You mean they are saying: "If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor and If you like your plan you can keep your plan"?
They are making subtraction the new addition #newmath
And Dems are in denial - no proposed repairs or replacements for imploding ObamaCare. Dems don't care about our health - only re-elections!
Yes they do. Republicans refused to help make it better and THEY will see the results of that in 2018
Like Dems saw since 2010? The alternative to imploding ObamaCare is NOT another federal program!
All of this negativity makes you an obstructionist tool! Knock it off and do something constructive!!
it's not a plan- it's a scheme
Bob Casey, Can you do something constructive instead of all of this negativity? You make yourself small...
If you like your plan you can keep your plan.  If you like your doctor you can keep your doctor.
you sit their whining and crying about it but when i said it would happen oh no that could never happen here
doesnt matter bob because you let the fbi pick the president. This is a police state now thanks to you letting clintons rights be violated
