Neo-Nazis et al. @realDonaldTrump should condemn & hold accountable those whose ideology led to violence in #Charlottesville
Truth be told..we have an erratic, divisive & unfit President in our WH! The nation suffers from the fatal effects of Trump Fatigue!
Truth is we had an unfit Marxist for 8 yrs; now we have Trump & erratic unhinged Dems & media refusing to accept the results of the election
True. But if Dems want 2 win stop talking abt Trump & talk abt what they'll do when elected - universal health care, help 4 middle class
Who is going to pay for universal health care John,you,or the 51% of Americans who pay no income tax.Maybe you could sell that swell hat.
Be happy to sell my hat for universal health care.
Hey John,when universal health care happens,I'm going to redistribute your house as a free clinic.I will,however,let you keep the hat-fair?
I'd love to pay what I pay for health insurance to an entity w/out $Millions in CEO pay that was more efficient and effective.
Your deferring John.Lefties always do this-when your socialistic views are aimed back at you,you run from it.No,not for me,just you & your's
You will gladly allow my house to be used as a free clinic but not your http://house.You  are a fraud and I'm exposing it and it hurts
Gary, "you're" , "you're" , "too" , "they're" , "their".  You're Welcome.
You get my point and others do too and that bothers you 
Wow Gary, only took you over a month to craft that reply.  You’re a sharp fella.
So happy to make you happy
Sure, i would just ask that your future responses be a little more timely.  I worry about you when i dont hear from you in a while.
Sen. Bob Casey: we are not giving our money and paying black Americans. We are giving our homes to them. Go condemn someone else!

"Madison noted at the Virginia ratifying convention that abuse of the pardon power could be grounds for impeachment" https://bloom.bg/2vwu22f 
Bob Casey lies to American people again on CNN. The truth, he's obstructing & what little he's done is ruining & destroying citizens lives
He did you punk
Thank you Senator, for taking a FIRM position against radicalism, violence and racism
If you could read and follow the news maybe your FAKE comment wouldn't be so darn funny. He already has, twice if not more, condemned them
Once again u lie! Dems are the haters Nancy Pelosie father was the one who dedicated a confederate statue in Baltimore MD YOU LIE BOBBIE
Your own dad was a hater Bobby I will start listing some of his comments dems are the opposite of what they claim to be love -hate for dems
Still waiting for that staff racial declaration Bobby are you hiding something?
They all are a disgrace to our country.... all hate groups suck!!!
Maybe he should just condemn you for not moving on.
@ToomeyMemes @realDonaldTrump TY for speaking up & speaking out, Sen. Casey!
Maybe Bob Casey should get to work being a Senator instead of beating a drum of division Pennsylvania would be better served.
Oooh.  Relitigate is too big of a word for him to understand.   Seriousl though thank you for standing up for what us right
Too little too late Senator. Trump has to go. He is a cancer on America. We can not have a leader in the WH with no morals. He is shameless.
Agreed. But a more important issue is to get Trump impeached before he can do any more damage.
As POTUS he should condemn all violence from all hate groups.

That's right...he did.  It is you who have not.
He did! What have you done for this country Bobby other than obstruct and suck at the teat of government spending? Get a clue! #MAGA
& you should condemn law breakers. How do you call yourself a law makers when you support breaking laws, i.e. illegal immigration Treasonous
Sen. Casey, please give proper credit. I believe this is a direct quote from EVERY SANE PERSON IN THE U.S.
stop it. You're a race baiter Bob casey
Bobby, Bobby, and that would put a target on the back of EVERY white person.
HE DID!! You & the other whiny libs are just mad, because he included #Antifa #BLM & other liberal HATE GROUPS!! #VoteCaseyOut!! #Bartos2018
however his condemnation would be a LIE he IS one of them, Casey for President!
Casey again just 
did, stop lying about @POTUS
Domestic terror is what Trump is instigating. He does it to feed his base.
Why don't you start and lead by example hypocrite BLM Antifa domestic terrorist say it.... the only thing you do is obstruct
He did. When will denounce Antifa communists and anarchists? Did you see the violence last night from YOUR LEFT?
Hey bob what about your alt left and paid protestors and my new favorite of toms the voter registration letters going out
The fact you cannot accept the multiple times he has done this very things shows your bias and unwillingness to work as a team. Typical Dem
HAVE YOU EVER CONDEMNED ANTIFA #HYPOCRITE
Stop tweeting and do something! He's unstable! Enough! And the sheriff?? Is he not accountable 4 his actions, he gets a PARDON? DO SOMETHING
Senator it seems to me that if you were not playing politics you would include extremists from the left, as well as the right
At this point congress should step in and stop just giving us lip service !when is it enough?Where is line?
And you should condemn radical Islamic ideology as well.  You're fine with punishing horrible Americans but not horrible foreigners.
Bob, I don't know if you heard about or not, but Antifa showed up in Charlottesville with clubs, & helmets.  They're Nazis too
Senator Bob Casey,another in a long line of cowards in D.C.This man is another shining example of why we need term limits.Drain the swamp.
He has... stop you are harming America
Bob you can't hear or read how many times do you idiots have to hear it dumbassacrat just trying to divide the nation .
Well that's Pennsylvanian. Mitch give you that oivit
This is who he is. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Bob.....Bob.......Bob............Bob.....

Just making sure u can hear...
Cuz I believe u got wax in ur ears!!
He has Jackass
He didn't he won't what are you going to do ?
Pretty sure he did that! You werent paying attention!
Going to be voting against you!!
Did you miss it when he did that?
The evil  that men  do  lives with and  after them. Grow up learn  to build and  not tear down.posterity will judge u  senators
He did.
He wont condemn anyone. Do your job and get him out of office quickly!
He needs to be relieved of his office
Bobby I am a couple hundred miles away this week so I have to ask: what have you done for Pennsylvania so far this week?
He needs to be removed from office. He is insane!!
This man is a total NARCISSIST. 
We as Americans are paying for the ranting of this mad man.
???
Senator, the president is now in Arizona lying about protesters with clubs and bats. He is trying to divide the nation. #censure #impeach
The alt right guys weren't wearing white hoods  Did u miss the guns many of them were openly carrying? Guess they didn't show that on Fox.
Love Trump. Love America. Hate has no home here.
You are flat out lying to people now. Sad and discusting to see. But election is coming soon. Time for voters here in PA to say no to Casey
Hey Bobby, you need to open your ears and listen. Shut your mouth and listen for awhile. It might do you well.
You get the official #Moron award of the day.
This speech is a joke and the world is laughing at us please get him out
Why Sen. @SenBobCasey is this insanity allowed to continue! I used to be proud of our country. I am ashamed! #25thAmendmentNow #Impeach
Bob as a NEPA guy u should be preparing for Lou. Trump will be ur worst nightmare and u have no allies . Be afraid be very afraid
Do you have a hearing problem?
Thank you!
This man is destroying our country and HE LIES CONSTANTLY! He has shredded our Constitution and everything our once great country stood for
I totally agree,Senator Bob Casey is insane and he is trying to destroy our wonderful and beloved country.I can solve this-TERM LIMITS!!!!!
Triggered Senator?
Greatest President since Regan!!!
did u hear the part where he said there were "fine people" on both sides? Fine people with torches chanting  "Jews won't replace us"
Why do we have to deal with a lying, hateful man who is on TV spreading lies and hate? Enough is enough! #ImpeachTrumpNow #25thAmendmentNOW
But that's his base of support
Thank you senator Casey
He also couldn't even tell the truth on quoting himself... 
#DishonestMan #DishonorablePresident #DeplorableRally
He's promoting a civil war.
Casey should be ashamed.
@SenBobCasey when are you condemning antifa?
Go away
So what do we do about the Nazi president?
Punt!
It's time to get this man out. He is insane.
A pandering politician...how original.
45 is making an ass out of himself. Nothing but lies
@SenBobCasey #nazis in Coatesville, Pa 
He'll become presidential when he's president. Give me fu*king break
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr UNHINGED! Do something. An embarrassment.
