@SenToomey Senator Casey,  Please talk with Senator Toomey  let him know we can't afford to hurt PA PUBLIC SCHOOLS!  #noDevos
Thank you for listening to your constituents! Your NO vote on Trump's nominees earns my YES vote on your re-election!
first and foremost, ALL must understand definition of Our Pledge... One nation under God indivisible (unable to be divided)
2/3 @SenBobCasey @BarackObama:"up or down as they did"!As Colbert said"What happened during Obama's 2nd term??!!Oh yeah!"Throughout my life
You finally showed up for work.
1/3 @SenBobCasey @BarackObama :Hooray!Another step in the right direction.And How Dare Hypocrites like McConnell order Democrats to vote
This member of your constituency will make sure to vote against you in the election
thank you!
You and the rest of Democrats under Obama didn't do jack. Now all of a sudden you want to puff your chest and pound on it LOSER
Thank you!
you represent PA voters and your voting against us. Replace Casey next election
I think your decision was partisan 
And a mistake,
3/3 @SenBobCasey @BarackObama: My dad&I got the short end but if we  complained,"WE were being UNFAIR!"!I say ENOUGH!We Deserve Justice!
Thank you Senator. You are listening and hearing the voices of your constituents
thank you @SenBobCasey
thank you. You are representing your people with wisdom and integrity. Please stop Bannon.
You need to vote for these excellent candidates. Why are you playing politics when you should do what's best for America?
will b voting against u in 2018.  Time to replace.
Thank you! Vote no for Devos, too. She will not be a friend to public schools.
I wouldn't be proud of this.
I just voted against you in the next election
now vote against DeVos.
Congratulations to Rex Tillerson getting appointed Sec of State! Obviously your not as relevant as you think you are!
give the pres a break he has done more in 2 weeks than you have in your whole Senate career.
Yaaaaaay!
Thank you, thank you, thank you! I am terrified for the future of this country. We need help from leaders like you!
That vote will be remembered and not in the way you may like.
thank you, senator!
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
Thank you for your vote against Tillerson!
.. and you will always have my support if you continue to vote as you just did, to stop "the bully ego" & his clone nominees.
Thank you. We must push back on Russian agression
need to continue the resistance and lead the fillibuster against Supreme Court nomination
Thank you for standing up for the best interests of PA constituents.
That's pathetic :/
thank you for standing up for what is right. #StopTrump
obstructionist
get on-board with the party's real progressive base or miss the bus. Democrats will loose big time; worst than 2016. #demexit
@MLPrickett Thank you. implore your colleagues to do the same on noms & everything 4 as long as *45 is in DC. #TheResistance
Make a Citizens Arrest TRUMP is DANGEROUS OMG SCREAM BLOODY MURDER AMERICA
what kind of resistance?
Thanks for trying.
oh your ready for war aren't you
using the "resistance" word is a disgrace,you insight protests leading to riots,we'll remember this,career politicians must go
@ReadingPA  Thank you
please keep pa workshops open. They are needed and loved. Please support. They are set to close please save them
, #BobCaseyforPOTUS2020
thank you for your leadership
but obama said the Cold War has long been over. 
thank you.  Wish there were more like you.
Thank you.
Stand firm! We need tough fighters in the Senate!
You go Bob Casey!! Keep the fight going!!
for every one vote you "may" loses its worth the 10 you'll gain. Just sayin'.
thank you. Tell your staff I'm sorry I don't call anymore. That's because I know you'll do the right thing. Others... well...
Thank you!
can't wait to vote you out in '18
Thank you!
thank you for doing what is right for the American people! 
Excellent work, Senator Casey!!  Thank you!
Thank you for your consistent efforts on behalf of PA.
senator casey, pleesse vote against Betsy de voss. She is unqualified
thank you for voting against him. Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank you. too bad the republican railroad approved the unqualified jerk
Thank you Senator Casey!
thank you.
trump supporter are watching you bob...pa helped elect trump.
catch more flies with honey than vinegar. Give him a chance
thank you
keep it up Senator. We Pennsylvania folks are counting on you.
Thank you Senator Casey!
thank you for hearing us.
that would mean I would b for him..if democrats are against..then I am for
@Airella013 Thank you.
we  you in 18017!
pa is watching you
you are the problem
I bet when you lose your seat you'll look back at that and said I should of
We have to make sure he never gets elected again.  He's a real moron!
Thank you!!!
Thank you . Tillerson and Trump want to lift sanctions so they can personally profit. Putin is not a leader to emulate
Thank you, Senator Casey!!!
I'm a PA voter.  Thank you for listening and taking a stand! If only @PatToomey would do the same.
Thank you.
odd why against Russia but not middle eastern aggression. You confuse me Bob. Please advise anyone
You don't support gay marriage. I can't take anything you say seriously.
@PresHarryTruman Thank you Senator Casey! Keep up the good fight.
Thank you!
Thank you!
lost my vote
Thank you @SenBobCasey! Someone with known ties to Russia is not the right choice for our top diplomat. Wish @SenToomey would get on board.
thanks 4 no=tillerson! LIAR and PURGERY in confirmation hearing re Exxon lobbying! You earn respect & my vote!!
#Tillerson NO!
Was there anyone else President Trump could have selected other than an oil tycoon for Secretary of State?
thank you for standing up for what is RIGHT! please continue to protect your citizens! <3 #resist
Thank you for your vote, Senator, and for standing up for American values of liberty and justice.
Thank you!
thank you for trying to stop him. We were fighting an uphill battle. #VoteNoDevos
@MichiganNation2 you can't possibly mean that or they wouldn't have a shit ton of our uranium. Liberalism Kills!
@hmullphoto Thank you!
Bob, what about the oil deal? Did you read the dossier? Much more at stake here.
Thank you for trying. Keep fighting-we support you! #resist
, We can't wait to Drain the Swamp starting with you...
thank you for trying senator. @SenToomey, be more like Casey.
So now you want to go to war with Russia... You Democrats are so hypocritical it's pitiful. Us NE Pa rurals will vote you out.
Thank you Senator! Can you talk some sense into Senator Toomey?
DEMAND an Independent Russian Espionage Investigation away from Congress so no Trumper sabotage #GetThemALLout #NoPence
Wrong. Russian agg. has always been confronted with equally sinister yet pofitable American agg. And also better
Thank you for standing for what is right, Senator. Please also vote no on Price and DeVos.
Thank you Senator Casey!
, you're a dish rag, have you ever had an individual thought?  You follow Obama, Reid, and now Schumer to the letter.
please vote against Betsy DeVos also.  Our children and teachers  will perish with her in charge.
Good work Senator.---from Glenmoore, Chester Co. Keep the fight!
Thank you Sen. Casey. Now what are we going to do about that other senator from PA? The one on the wrong side of every issue!
thank you!! You need to get your 4 colleagues who voted 4 tillerson in line! If not voters will.
Glad ur keeping to your principles
thank you
thank you Senator. Please vote no to Jeff Sessions and Betsy Devos.
@DavidHenry6abc http://endcitizensunited.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/01/Web-DeVos.pdf …. Sen Toomey is apparently bought and paid for by DeVos.  Thank you Sen Casey
@POTUS Lost again eh Senator Groundhog!Didn't know you were such a war monger for going toe to toe with the Rooski's.
So you think today's Russia with less than 1/2 our population and crappy economy is really a threat to US??
Let alone Europe & their population and economy which combined dwarfs Russia.Soviet Union is gone Bob...
Now you and the dictator dems want to be seen as standing tall to kick the Russian bear?
Where were you guys in the 80's when it mattered? Oh yeah Reagan was a cowboy gonna blow up the world...
so we need to make nice with them and do a nuclear freeze and leave Eastern Europe occupied. Faker!! Shame on you!!!
Really appreciate that you inform & keep us updated.
Thank you, Senator. Please tell your colleague @SenToomey that we are calling and faxing. NO on DeVos.
you are clueless!
thank you, senator! Now if only you could convince your colleague Toomey to vote against DeVos!
You have shown extraordinarily poor judgement since the inauguration. You're wrong on this too.  #notmysenator #recallcasey
Thank you Sir.  Please contact Sen Toomey.  He is dodging calls. #Resist #callyourrepresentatives
Thank you for standing up for America! #resist #TrumpMakesAmericaWeak
they didn't need your vote it seems. GO TRUMP!
A wise decision, Senator.
I am not surprised. I look for the day when you are no longer in office and someone who has our interest not the party is in.
Thank you.
.@SenBobCasey Thank you Senator Casey. Keep up the good work! #Resist
he's a short termer
Thank you, Senator Casey!!
Thank you!
I am so grateful for your loyalty to what's ethical in the world.
Don't agree with you on Tillerson. Not keen on Devos though
Than you Senator Casey. We need more senators to vote their conscience.
thank you for not being one of the turncoats.
thank you
Thank you for trying..,
Thank you! Sorry it didn't work  I look forward to your NO vote on DeVos! You too @SenToomey #DumpDevos
We kinda knew that. Do you feel any better yet?
thank you !
how nice -you are clueless
Thank you.
why did 3 dems vote for him?
Thank you for having some principles. Perhaps you ought to have a conversation with your colleague Sen Warner though!
Thank you!
please fight what seems to be a drive toward one party domination
Thank you Senator.
thank you senator casey!
thank you senator
Thank you!
Thank you now on to #DumpDevos #stopsessions
thank you. Words, approaches to get through to Toomey? Looking 4 advice.
...just  wait until next election cycle.....you will be unemployed 
Thank you for your vote against Tillerson, Senator Casey. #resist
keep fighting the good fight Senator Casey...vote no on sessions..get your buddy Toomey to do the same
Thanks for trying, Sen Casey. #Wearescrewed #WWIII
thank you!
Senator, thank you for doing right by us. You've made me very proud to be in PA lately.
thanks anyway...you have your work cut out for you
Thank you. You may ask Sen McCain with all the Russian influence why he voted for Tillerson's confirmation.
thank you for trying to do the right thing! #swampcabinet #resist
You're a partisan bench warmer, nothing more. #ReliableRubberStamp
Good now really do something that will have an impace and vote #NoDevos Betsy Devos must not lead the Dept of Education
Proud to have you as my Senator.
thank you.
Thank you Senator! @rberger
Thanks for your vote against Tillerson @SenBobCasey. But please no more business as usual until we see #trumptaxes #resist
From your constituent, strongly disagree with your decision.
well since I'm a PA resident you will not have my support in the future! If you're in this for u n not the ppl you need gone!
remember  we are...a trump state..
keep up the good work.
Vote No Betsy DeVoss   Vote No Jeff Sessions.  I am a Pa. citizen   Vote No and stand up for us, do your job.
Thank you for your vote against Rex Tillerson, Senator.
This constituent thanks you for your no vote.
Thank you.
thank you--you are GOING IN on this resistance.
thank you! Now find a way for the dems to stand up to Trump.
thank you for standing up for us, senator!
thanks
