32 Million: The number of people who are likely to lose health insurance under Graham Cassidy over the next 10 years
$4.1 Trillion: the amount of health care funding states would lose over the next 20 years. http://avalere.com/expertise/life-sciences/insights/graham-cassidy-heller-johnson-bill-would-reduce-federal-funding-to-sta …
$17,320: The estimated insurance premium surcharge for having a child under Graham-Cassidy.
$16,174: The increase in annual health care costs for a 60-year-old earning $25K  under Graham- Cassidy via @AARP http://www.aarp.org/content/dam/aarp/ppi/2017/09/graham-cassidy-legislation-threatens-affordable-coverage-for-older-americans.pdf …
31%: The cut in funding over the next 20 years for kids who receive care through Medicaid. http://avalere.com/expertise/life-sciences/insights/graham-cassidy-heller-johnson-bill-would-reduce-federal-funding-to-sta …
20%: Next year's estimated increase in premiums under Graham-Cassidy
Here's one more: 202-224-3121. That's the number to the Capitol switchboard.
The amount of debt and interest rate we are paying for both parties surrending habits?
Please run out the clock on this heartless, disastrous bill!
@senrobportman vote no! This is horrible! It's not healthcare
The only thing that matters is bombing foreign citizens, fuck your feelings and health. (America's stance)
NOT buying this!
States reg pre ex. con and more, state funded $ but oh no fed $ for you so if u wanna continue its out of state pocket, btw up prem 4 elders
Senator, you forgot one important number

$400 million by way of Koch Bros paid direct to @GOP
People without healthcare
I hope the Democrats delay this bill long enough to prevent it from passing!!!!
Why don't you stop faking concern and propose a substantive solution or give us the same coverage as members of Congress. Stop campaigning.
wasnt obamacare just fine?
We're all screwed if Graham-Cassidy passes.
It means there isn't a damn seat in the US government, including the presidency worth a day of suffering nor the death of one citizen.
32 mil: the # of Americans who will die at the hands of the GOP's new Deathcare population control bill, just so the 1% can get a tax cut.
Come on Americans call the switch board till it turns red,your lives depend on it.Go,Go you got this.ACA for all
32,000,000 would have NO insurance. Dear God, next Republican Budget can NOT BE 4.1 Trillion = NO MORE TAX CUTS FOR WEALTHY!
People losing out because of Trump and Company...GOP doesn't care about the USA citizens who pay them,vote them in and out of jobs.
I don't see 48 Democratic senators lining up the way the Republicans would. Have you guys fucking learned nothing? Getting pissed!
The amounts that you and the demoncraps have wasted?
healthcare cuts ...
How many of the Casey family who had Gov jobs?
32mil w\o hlthcare. 4.1 trill$ cost to states. 17thou$ dedctbl ech yr.16thou monthly prem.31% of pait. pre exist die. Upper1% get 20% taxcut
Why didn't you provide real info about Obamacare when it was up for vote? Just pass it and then we find out it's NOT affordable
Is that how many times you've masturbated to @TeriWeigel ?
we all have health insurance but no health care because noone can afford to use it thanks to Obama care &31% of counties don't have any
Well if you would not of voted Obama care .. We would not be here at all... #FullRepeal
Yes.. and none of it is good news!
#MoreCareNotLess #healthcarebill #GrahamCasiddy #NoGrahamCassidy
#Article25 #HealthCareIsAHumanRight #MedicareForAll
http://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/ …
The amount of people who got mad about La La Land not winning Best Picture?
Sequentially, the answers given when someone asked the President how old he was, and Ivanka kept shaking her head?
I'm gonna go with Bob's slanted, common core math to make others look bad while trying to boost his popularity?
Tax cut for the 1%?  Just a wild guess?
0. 

Want to know what that number means? The number of people that are entitled to healthcare paid for by their neighbors.
Hey Bob, could you go smack @SenToomey around till he actually reads what the bill will do?
People who lost coverage under obamacare, its cost, the # s it killed,  percentage of the american public who support the ACA, respectively.
Ok, politico has said that the 32 million is a "meh" estimate, which was given for a full repeal. It's likely smaller, BUT STILL TO MANY!!
strawberry gogurt is BACK IN BUSINESS BABY!!!
Thank you Senator Casey.
How much will rates go up under ACA? Govt should stay out of health insurance, and let free market run it.
It means the Graham/Cassidy bill is terrible
The only way to go in US is a Single-Payer or Universal Healthcare! US is the richest Country in the World and the poorest in Healthcare!
I see you are still pointing things out that are wrong and remain on the sidelines. Do your jobs get involved fix the problems
This will devastate my 83 year old mother... and myself! Doleful ominous future lies ahead...  #ImpeachTrumpPenceNOW
Thank you Senator Casey I, greatly appreciate the breakdown of #'s... Reprehensible actions from The Republicans! This is a true nightmare!
Keep the pressure up Senator...#esspeciallymurkowsi
how about making the gov smaller less intrusive uknow like the constitution intended congress meeting 1 or 2x a yr and u get a #fulltimejob
32 million = $ needed to oust you from the Senate in 2018 for the benefit of legislative progress. Stop being a demagogue and do something
30% = % of votes that came from Philly and Allegheny in 2012

20% = % of votes that came from Philly in 2012

Clearly beholden to big cities
4.1 trillion = amount the national debt has risen during your current term in the Senate because you refuse to support pro-growth policies
How many tweets you do
Can u please talk some sense into Toomey to not vote on this awful healthcare bill? Apparently he DOESN'T want to listen to us voters in PA.
Who cares in a little over a year from now you will be replaced by a republican. Bye bye bob
Cost of healthcare if Graham bill passes.
BOHICA. That's what it means. Please vote no @SenBobCasey from #RealPA 19003
It means that our country has allowed the invasion of 36 million known illegals & now we must un-insure Americans in their place.  No DACA!
My response to #GrahamCassidy "Not today, Satan; not today!"
They mean Figures don't lie, Liars figure.
 I know! I know! The money given to "migrants" over American citizens!!!
Without looking further-They first reflects the Children-Seniors-Veterans the GOP are willing to kill
I am pretty sure these numbers reflect the #  of people who have left the democrat party since President Trump took the oath.
So again why can't we the people have the same healthcare coverage as members of Congress. If not why not?
Let's check how many Republicans have investments in Healthcare Insurance Companies & Medical providers then we will see why they want to
Repeal & Replace the ACA! In the grand Scheme of things it's always about the money not about the American people!
National Debt & Intrest?
Ha ha might as well be our National Debt! Yea Trump you freaking idiot! Fix & Repair instead of Repealing & Replacing! Check Trumps taxes
It means I can kiss my Obamacare insurance goodbye.
Senator, you were happy to create the mess and you want to play politics
Omg. FIX ACA through the correct measures and DEBATE!
Continuing the Dem,.Lying scare tactics huh?

ALL of u should really try putting USA first instead of dividing us with envy
We know, it's @SenToomey that needs this information
Do they mean big fat YES votes for the GOP?  I wouldn't be surprised
Yes how much we spend for your BS
People  states and the percentage of Health Care loses
People who will LOSE HEALTH CARE
Number of lies from @realDonaldTrump White House?
Thank you again & again from the Mackey & O'Neill families in Bucks County !
They mean it's time for Medicare for all
The persons voting for the plan should be required to also be covered by the plan they vote in. Prevents passing a bill just to log a 'win'
How much you're going to screw us for?
Sounds like a plan the evil Repubs can really get behind..can't wait for the usual clown presser where they say how they protect Amer people
Damage from latest health care repeal. money in hc cost. ppl kicked off..ads to debt Travesty for Americans
The next Pennsylvania budget
The impact on those with employer-sponsored HC needs to be discussed. Premiums & co-pays will increase; more costs will shift to employees?
Yep, the mess you left us with from ACA passage, that you wholeheartedly supported. Thx, Bob 
do congressman and senators have the same health care as we get under Obummer?  I remember hearing I keep my doctor and premiums drop!! Lie!
Yeah, you're lying.......
Just shut up  your xxx
Number of people loosing their healthcare
An estimated two million more people will decline the costly “affordable” coverage, and the ACA is expected to increase premiums by 18%.
Sad numbers
How much we are getting screwed in the next few years
Senator Casey wants to fund dangerous sanctuary cities .threatening public safety & promote lawless behavior. defund sanctuary cities.
How many with out insurance.  How much premiums will go up.
Good job Bob. I'll be calling too!
# BOTs on Twitter/# of fake posts on FB/$$ SS paid to 45 for golf carts/# of ethics viol by admin/decrease @ State Dept/decrease job growth
This is what a yes vote will cost the USA 4.1 trillion over the years
Stop tweeting & stand up and directly challenge your fellow Senators, especially Toomey. Tell them your constituents don't want this.
You need to be the motivator for @SenToomey your contact counts for more than a fellow senator. But he continues to ignore his constituents.
Means @LindseyGrahamSC might cause my sister's death for greed & partisan games. His bill would hurt America far more than ISIS ever dreamed
Ummmm...please tell us it's the amount you're saving to reduce the deficit and begin to balance the government checkbook...
32M forced off health ins, 4.1 trillion would cover every American for 2 yrs, 17320 extra deaths/yr, 31% ???, 20% rate hikes under G-C bill
My cash  ©™®
Can anyone answer why Congress was exempt from Obamacare
32 million will lose healthcare under #GrahamCassidy - rates will increase 20% in 2018....?
@SenateDems 
All: Screwed.
Thank you Senator Casey. This RN in Chester county PA thanks you.
Ok.. so what's your solution & don't say the $32 trillion debt expanding medicare for all...
You will finally get rid of obamacare in a bipartisan way and save the American health care system, or just complain and do nothing as usual
@SenateDems Thank you, Senator Casey
Koeln
Here's some better information for you. You need to educate yourself on healthcare so read up.
If there not from CBO probaly something from a left wing progressive thunk tank. Real numbers go to
Losing coverage and Medicaid for the country?
fake numbers from the cbo sounds like
Graham Cassidy hurts Americans.
Means you dems never know whats going on
What obama spent the last 8 years and how much my affordable health care is going up this year
Anything to do with your pharma and healthcare donors that prevent you from supporting Medicare for all?
Also tell us how much $ senators make each year plus perks! How much do senators pay for healthcare?
Quantifying how little Republicans care about regular Americans
@SenToomey defend these numbers. Not Obamacare, these numbers!  I bet you can’t or won’t #heartlesshealthcare
@chrislhayes @SRuhle this thread
Bob your missing the big picture here. These boys need to give the emperor something to sign so he won't call them names.
You guys are sick people-BOBBY.
Thank you, Senator Casey! I hope .@SenToomey also has the #GrahamCassidy bill figured out & have our backs. I'm glad you're with us!
And @SenToomey is too afraid of his constituents to have his staffers admit he's going to vote for this disgrace. A villain AND a coward!
Take a look at the surcharges for pre existing conditions...TELL THE WHOLE STORY! Trump might believe you..we don't.
You are proving his point with this chart.
I'm guessing the catastrophic effects of the healthcare bill
1732 cost of premiums if you get pregnant
You left out the Senate Phone Numbers 
32 million less insured 2 trillion lost health care dollars in 20 years
Thank you for fighting for us, @SenBobCasey Illegitimi non carborundum!
don't let the bastards wear you down

Thank you Senator Casey for telling Pennsylvanians what the true cost of this monstrosity of a healthcare bill will be
@SenToomey why wouldn't you provide Pennsylvanians with this level of info?
Because @SenToomey doesn't give a rat's ass about his constituents. He cares only for the Koch brothers and their deep, dark pockets
They mean the GOP is tying to screw me again. What's new
Thank you Senator! (And thank you to your staffers who research all of this.)
Thank you Sen. Casey!
Oh I thought these were the costs and numbers of families affected by the imperial military adventurism you just reauthorized.
Our lives don't matter as much as the Koch brothers money does.
Disgusting Kochs...snakes! Oh, and don't forget the Mercers - they have a huge hand in this, as well.
The Rothschild Family!! This is the most current list I could find... They pretty much own/control the whole world! http://humansarefree.com/2013/11/complete-list-of-banks-ownedcontrolled.html …
My two disabled kids are screwed?
Yes, unless this bill fails.
Keep up the good fight, Senator!!! Thank you! 
Nothing good.
Bad legislation?
No, but I'm sure you guys will keep us guessing like you always do.
We are grateful for your focus on the future of our country's healthcare, Senator! 
#sothankful
We already know 32 million will have their healthcare taken away, that's an easy one .
Numbers that GOP Senators won't care about because they want a "win"?
