Single-Payer is inevitable.
Might as well stay, because I sure as hell can't sleep. I haven't slept peacefully since that monster moved into the WH, fearing this day.
Thank you for fighting! My own Sen., @DeanHeller thinks it's funny 2 take away healthcare. Glad we have people like Sen. Casey!
I'm surprised that word has made it in the leftist, lexicon! I don't think you understand the meaning of work!
Thank you, Senator. Your work means the world to those of us you represent.
We love you and support you Senator. Thank you for standing up and staying true to your word.
Keep fighting for us Bobby Casey
Don't give up Senator. We stand behind you!
#HR676  #MEDICARE4ALL
You mean lots of work to do to repeal Obamacare and start over?  More to do to lower premiums and deductibles?  Great!!
THANK YOU, @SenBobCasey!!
Senator, we're grateful you're with US. Thank you and your staff for continuing to fight for all Pennsylvanians.
Grateful to have you as a champion for PA families.
thank you for standing up for Pennsylvanians and all people! Keep up the #fight. #Resist!

THANK YOU ♡.  I HOPE THIS GOES TO COMMITTEE.  WE THE PEOPLE
Thanks for hanging in!
This process has shown the character of our members of Congress. You've come out as a hero, Senator.
I have never been more grateful and proud of you Senator Casey.
Thank you for fighting for the people and our democracy.
we are still a Red State,you're going out in 2018 as you have,no answers just obstructing everything,confusing everyone
@SenateMajLdr has caused me to unregister as a @GOP. #FOUNDINGFATHERS would not approve of him & disregard for Democracy.
You time is running out.
Just because your panting, minions do something, doesn't mean that you do!
Thank you for your continued efforts and fighting for us! #ProtectIBDPatients #chronicillness #nocure #dontdiscriminate #highriskpools
We're grateful to have you to be there for us. Keep up the good fight.
I'm grateful you're with us, @SenBobCasey!

Maybe you can make sen. Toomey understand that Pennsylvanians are not happy with him.  We can't seem to.  Thank you for standing for us!
Keep at it. We're with you.
and we serve will be eternally grateful to you! We are very thankful to have one senator who listens and defends  constituents!
That feeling of gratitude is entirely mutual. I'm so thankful for your advocacy and won't forget it.
Democrats: This change will DESTROY THE WORLD!
Republicans: This change will END OBAMACARE!
Reality: Nope.
Both sides are lying to us!
Thank you for your work on our behalf. Since Cornyn and Cruz don't represent all Texans, I'm a foster citizen for good senators of any state
Thanks Senator!! Hang in there for sanity and compassion and a precondition for democracy in the modern age - health care. Thank you!!
Please help us with healthcare. Defeat the skinny plan
We're grateful that you are for us!
Thank you for fighting for our lives, Senator. You're a patriot & I'm proud to have voted for you. I hope you & the Democrats can stop this.
We’re grateful you’re there - thanks for tweeting this mess of a bill! (And say, “Hi!” to our Sens Klobuchar & Franken!)
We're glad you're fighting, Senator. We've got your back. 
Thank you representing the people of PA
Did I miss your speech?  I switched over the CSPAN when @Sen_JoeManchin was speaking
.@SenBobCasey we're so grateful to you for continuing to fight this nightmare
So proud of my Senator
Thank you for carrying the weight of protecting PA citizens on your shoulders alone.
Thank you so much for being so steadfast for all of us. So grateful.
Thank you, Senator Casey
What can WE do tonight if we're in the D.C. area?
Still watching and with you in Spirit, Sir...Thanks to you all for your fight.
Thank you for fighting for us!
Thank you for keeping us informed and fighting for us.
Thank you! Stay hydrated in between the caffeine, we need you!
Thank you for keeping us informed and for fighting for the American people.
Senator, we are glad you are there for us!  This bill is making me SICK, and I won't be able to pay 20% more for insurance.
Sen. when will our representatives represent us and not special interests with deep pockets?We're watching.We're informed.We know. We vote.
Thank you for fighting for us, sir. I'm grateful that I have at least one Senator looking out for me and my family.
Thank you, Senator Casey!  Keep fighting, please!
Don't kill the ACA. The impact on economy and health of our citizens at risk. For what? Freedom to get screwed?
But seriously, thank you.
Senator, you have been an amazing advocate and a shining light in these dark times. Thank you!
Thankful you are looking out for the interests of Pennsylvanians. Wish I could say the same for our other senator.
We're grateful to have you and your updates too! Thank you!!
The Republican "bill" will skyrocket my premiums or see my health insurance canceled. I don't have the luxury of doing more work w/o ins
Keep fighting, Bob!
Please don't give these mother fuckers an inch, not an inch. #FIGHT
Thank you.
Thank you for fighting for us.
Thank you, Senator 

Thank you!!
Thank you Senator.
How about some pressure on @SenToomey
Senator, do your colleagues realize the world is watching & laughing at us. Is common sense governing gone?
Please stop @GOP #TrumpCare thank!
Get this trending now! RT #novote
WE ARE WATCHING! WE WILL NOT 4GET who fights for US! #KilltheBill #SkinnyBillKills @SenateDems
Thank you so much for your hard work, Senator.
Hope you're fully caffeinated! #GodSaveTheACA  #KeepKidsCovered #IStandWithPP
Go get 'em, Senator! I'm proud that at least one of my Senators is able to do the right thing. We'll have your back in 2018.
We're grateful that you're there fighting for us morning, noon, and night.
How on earth does @SenateMajLdr think #WeThePeople will permit them to pass a bill without DEBATE, committee meetings & public scruntity?
Thank you!
I mean to be fair I don't exactly WANT to be with you 24/7 but I'm fuckin chained to this death rocket so I'd like to know my time of death
Thank you!
Thank you for fighting for all Pennsylvanians and for keeping us informed.
Thank you for fighting the good fight for us, Senator.
Thank you Senator Casey! PA stands with you morning, noon, and night!!
You're doing so well. Keep it up! We're with you!
Thank you! Proud to have you represent the people of PA. #RealPA 19148
Grateful for YOU, sir.  Thank you for truly representing Pennsylvanians.
Thank you for standing up for both residents of PA and the USA
I am greatful to you. 
Thank you for representing us all 
Proud of you Senator.
Thank-you for your service.
I don't know how you can do this every day. But I'm glad you are there fighting. Thank you!
Can you harass @SenToomey real quick? I kinda want my Planned Parenthood.
thanks for doing all you can. I would call your office but i know where you stand. your decency is needed. @SenToomey is vile
thank you so very much for caring about your constituents!
same
Thank you for fighting
Thank you, Senator!
Thanks for being pur champion!
Please thank your staff for all their hard work, This Pennsylvanian appreciates it!
Thank you for everything! You make us proud
Thank you for your hard work.
Keep working hard Senator Casey. I know you have your constituents' best interests at heart.
Thanks Senator for standing up. Now see if you can lean on @SenToomey to vote No on this abominable legislation too.
Toomey was one of the 13 that wrote it.
#VoteNo
Thank YOU for all the work you're doing, Senator. I'm proud to be your constituent.
Same here. Thank you.
Stop Garbagecare.
