Gov John Kasich! Nobody cares what you have to say about anything.
Actually, polls from '16 primary showed he was most pop cand among *general* electorate, so I'd say some people care.
What polls in 2016 played out to be true. They are MSM generated and can never be trusted again.Wake up.
He is trolling Trump and his supporters... pathetic
D!!! Them trolls out again?!!! 
Oy!! Allergic to SNOWFLAKE TROLLS!!
No poll is perfect, but they predicted Trump's primary win, and Comey's letter put general in upheaval, making reliable polling impossible.
OBAMA AND HIS CRONIES ARE GOING DOWN!!!!!!! Feel the tide turning yet?!!!
True for the moment, just like 2010, 2006, 1994, 1982... Not a Dem myself, but funny to watch partisans celebrate short-lived victories.
He's one of the last few with any common sense or decency. That healthcare bill is atrocious.
The return of lifetime caps, for starters. People will die
People w/chronic conditions who need maintenance drugs will die. Monthly drug costs mount quickly.
Whooey alert!
That's always a good idea: accuse someone talking about their personal medical condition of lying. But hey, whatever you need to keep ...
No surprise coming from a RINO who bills himself as a GOP but NEVER supports the party. Stay in Ohio
He's passed more cons policies INTO LAW than any '16 GOPer. Just that he doesn't take orders from know-nothing tv/radio/internet pundits
Do you just copy and paste all of your responses? Sad that you can't come up with new stuff and just repeat yourself.
Thank you. Now please don't go behind America's back and vote for this abomination anyway.
You know he's not a Senator, right? He's gov of OH. Doesn't have a vote here.
common sense republican! Rare!
You are the voice of reason.   Stand your ground and give us a health care system that is the best in the world.  This may take awhile.
one of the few good reasonable republicans left. Well said governor. #toobadwedidntelectyou
Always the adult in the room, I don't understand why he was not the GOP pres candidate. Wish twitter & sound bites weren't how people chose.
That's an easy one. He didn't owe the Russian mob billions of dollars.

Now that's how you become president!
Except 4 his policies against public schools + pub employees, fracking, against Big 3 bailout - 1 out of 8 Ohio jobs depend on auto industry
We're strong enough to oppose him on those issues. We're not getting married. We agree on this phase of this sucky healthcare bill.
Got 2 agree bj.This bill is current not several elections ago.We didn't forget by all means.In spite of diffrnces we can agree on some stuff
@SenatorBurr @ThomTillis
Thank you for being one of the few Republicans that still believe in reality.  #HealthcareBill
There are ALOT republicans that agree with John, u just chose to ignore them and focus on the version spit out by the media.
I used to be a straight ticket Republican.
Something happen to change that? Lol #dontblamemeIvotedforKasich
Just slowly started realizing I had been voting against my own self-interest and those around me.
Yeah. It was the privatization of student loans that tipped me off. Who benefits from that? Certainly not average citizens.
... and now I'm agreeing with Gov. @JohnKasich. These are truly remarkable times we live in.
Being a grownup does that to *some* people.
Original... 
Well someone has to pay for Trump's WALL. Mexico certainly not paying for it!!!
His statement is meaningless if it votes yes on Trumpcare.
He's a gov, not a Senator. No vote for govs on this.
You're right. My bad.
Please run for POTUS in 2020!
Don't start using logic on them, sir.  They seem to only get penis puns when discussing policies.
Amazing man - he got my vote!
Please follow throug and vote no vice party line. Bill should open door and bipartisan not written in secret by 13 men!
No snark, but are you aware he's not a Senator? Govs don't get to vote on this.
Yup, but he has some power to influence I would hope those who do vote. It was a bad tweet I'm aware.
Good reply this week,  "More flexibility but less $ to pay for it..." w/respect to Medicaid cuts.
Political rhetoric at its finest.  @johnkasich get some balls and play
You realize he's not a Senator, right? He won't get to vote on this.
Lol. Yes Pyrrhos. As a Governor he has influence beyond most...
Thank you for doing what is best for Ohioans during the creation of this healthcare bill, and not blindly following party lines.
Mature responsible common sense.  The republican senate and house should be saying this and working this way.
I presume your alternative is available somewhere online? You know, the one you can get 50 votes for and pass the House.
Thank you, Governor, for your voice of reason. How wonderful that we can be the on the same page. I am a Democratic. But I'm an American 1st
And what did ANYTHING you just say have to do with the people of your State JOHN? DAYTON is leading country in HEROINE ODs - what you doing?
Well said. FIX WHAT IS NOT COMPLETELY BROKEN
Please don't vote for it as is! Be strong enough to stick to your guns. McDonnell just wants to get even for the Christmas eve he missed
Thank you Mr.Kasich you speak from the heart. I wish more would see what you see.
When will the people of Ohio see you on TV saying this?
Don't vote on bill then and encourage GOP to not vote!
This is BS. U took my home state and made it a welfare state. U should be ashamed. And I use to have respect for u
You nailed it.I agree completely.
Please keep it up Don't let this pass #iamapreexistingcondition Healthcare has to be about sick not Politics&making the rich even more rich
Your devotion to "RINOism" is unsettling and untoward Governor. Sorry this happened to you, in Congress you were ... different.
Bravo Mr. Kasich 4 standing up 4 the mentally ill.Long forgotten.Beds closed to 7 in hospitals.Clinics closed.More must b done not take away
great message today on CNN
Please put Ohioans before party and vote no on this bill in its current form.  #healthcare
please vote this concern. vote no on the senate bill. caucus with any/all reasonable republicans of conscience who share yr concerns
You are right
But, you know what #OrangeMussolini and his evil #Trumpire are gonna say : "We won, shut up" or "Democrats are losers"

SAD!
Gov. Kasich, please have a long heart to heart with Sen. Portman. Thank you!
Thank you for your courage, honesty, care, and leadership. I hope more in the the @GOP follow your lead.
thank you Governor! For putting people before party. I wish all Republicans had your insight!
You swept up govt funds-that was a 2 party approach, or was it freed JK. Did ur dad work a govt job; any private sector in ur DNA?
Step back? They should all vote NO!
Sir, how many pages to new plan? Knowing red tape n fine print normally hundreds of pages. trump says beginning of July to vote? NOT right!
Thank you, sir! It's refreshing to see common sense is still alive in our political system. #CountryOverParty
I was actually very interested in him as the Repug candidate.  He was their best choice but they went with the asshat instead
Please stand up and be counted @JohnKasich @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins  et al. This is bigger than its parts, hugely important to us all.
My son a recent grad from Ohio State works for a nonprofit in Columbus the lack of mental health coverage is dibilitating.

Thank you for not selling your soul for the "party." Country first.
I hope @senrobportman takes your advice!

$34M in @samhsagov grants will help youth with substance use disorders get treatment & get on the road to recovery → https://www.samhsa.gov/newsroom/press-announcements/201706090100 … 

We are committed to supporting states like MI that are doing admirable work to fight the #opioid epidemic. http://bit.ly/2rMS6gI  @MLive

Today, we are making over $70 million available to help communities and providers fight the #opioid crisis → https://www.hhs.gov/about/news/2017/05/31/hhs-announces-over-70-million-in-grants-to-address-the-opioid-crisis.html … 
Apparently you need to have a talk with @SecPriceMd and visit his twitter page too and scroll down. He's working hard on all those issues.
#Obamacare was a start and certainly not the solution, which leads us to a good point of fixing things. But not behind closed doors !
You are correct. Too bad the goal is not fixing things but undoing things.
A politician who actually thinks about the people this will effect. Thank you!
Good read.
Thank you. @SenThadCochran @RogerWicker do you know what @PhilBryantMS has done to the mental health budget? This will only get worse
I am not a republican but would've loved Kasich as POTUS, in place of the current incumbent.
PS, still a registered Repub, but haven't voted 4 a Rep 4 President since 41 - I voted 4 u in the primary (FL) #toobadUdidntgetnomination 
Bet you would have been a #boringpresident we all could have worked with.  I miss a boring President...
Thank you!
Thank you Gov Kasich for a cohesive and common-sense approach. Hope ur influence makes a difference!! #HealthcareBill  #mcconnelldontcare
Haven't been a fan of the GOP in decades, but Kasich always strikes me as the one sane adult in a room of today's Republicans.
I wish all lawmakers thought this clearly and coherently. Thank you.
@RobWittman
Please convince your fellow reasonable Senators @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain
There's a typo in that. Should say US Senate REPUBLICAN plan.
He would've had my vote.
Well stated and on point now get Portman to say NO Stand up for America not Party
Please prepare your family for a run in 2020. We need you. Count me in in Florida.
Thank you Sir for your honesty.
@RepErikPaulsen why can't your voting record on healthcare reflect the values expressed by Gov Kasich of Ohio? Save lives! @IndivisibleMN03
Thank you for your reasonable stance and speaking out against a bill that will leave Americans with unaffordable or no insurance.
Thank you for this reasoned response. I invite @BillHaslam to stand up for the restoration of bi-partisanship, too. Protect TN - fix the ACA
I've been clean for 23 years.  Obamacare is leading cause of opioid epidemic.  Doctors replace dealers and we pay.
#SinglePayer
You should have been President. And I'm an independent voter. Can't listen to Trump's word games anymore! GOP has lost its mind!
Thank You Gov.
Medical costs have spiraled out of control, with huge corps make huge profits.  Heath care must become affordable & accessible to all
need more R's with this attitude & approach instead of what is in DC
U are a man with whom I disagree on many fronts, but still have my respect. Leading honestly with solid values, consistent patriotism.
Thank you governor for standing for all Americans and putting people over party. Please keep fighting for us!!
Well done, Sir. @ChuckGrassley @SenJoniErnst if @GOP Governors can do this, why can't you?!
You're in charge of the state. Do something yourself.
You were the only @GOP nominee I could have voted for last year, after over 20 years of working for the Party. Damn shame.
But you don't say that you won't vote for it in this form. Very telling. It's easy to say "reach across aisle" on twitter but have you f2f?
only way to get a sustainable plan is to brainstorm with healthcare pros, insurance Execs, legislature, and common citizens to find answers!
Thanks for realizing healthcare is bigger than party. My children's father died from an overdose of painkillers. Not a party issue!
// ACA can be called a 1-party solution. Because GOP REFUSED to participate.//
// But despite the "limitation" of being a "1 party" approach, it expanded coverage to 23 million Americans. //
So does that mean you're only going to sign it in little, tiny letters in protest? We all know you will sign it. Party over country.
I can count Republicans I still trust on 1 hand. Gov. Kasich, you are 1 of them. What a different world we'd live in today if you were #45.
Too cute by half. //
except you love the part that defunds Planned Parenthood.
Why don't you become an independent.   The Republican party is morally bankrupt.
Thank you for taking the high road and supporting the care of our most vulnerable citizens! @JohnKasich
One day Republicans will have to explain why Governor Kasich wasn't even close to their choice for president given the options provided
Thank you Governor for calmly addressing this issue.
True but no one voted for him to be President. Foolish ppl
Recommend the #SenateHealthCareBill could keep principles agreeable to both parties @HouseFloor & @WhiteHouse Separate new bills to fund ???
How are you addressing @senrobportman's support for the bill?
All right Portman, are you going to have the guts to vote no? I won't hold be breath.
Thank you Governor. I wish you had been the nominee. Maybe next time. Sincerely, America
PLEASE: What can regular people do to help you break through to MOCs for a bi-partisan solution? Before this is voted on?
thank you! You are fighting for Ohioans.
Kasich is like Republicans used to be; not universal agreement, but we could talk about it.
@KaraDemocrat Kasich reminiscent of sensible, WASP-y republicans who were humanitarian AND fiscally conservative.
Agreed. Out of all the Repub candidates, I liked him the most. Of course I would have taken any of them over Donald (except maybe Cruz).
Sensible
I voted for you. It's too bad so many people wanted a crook instead.
Please don't vote for this bill 50-60yrs will die. I lost 3 friends in the last 2months. And it's morally wrong please stand up
If you want the GOP to work on fixing it, stop calling it ObamaCare. It's the ACA. The name Obama is the only reason they want to repeal it.
I have grave concerns about John Kasich!
Thank you @JohnKasich
Thank you Mr. kasich... thank you for reminding us of what it used to mean to be a republican... to be an AMERICAN
No one who claims to be pro-life can approve of this bill and the millions of Americans that will DIE as a result
I beg your pardon, Sir, but why don't they care if we die? The lives & health of American citizens don't matter? Then you are NOT PRO-LIFE
Why doesn't the rest of your party (the Republican Party) see what you see??? Why don't they see what we see? Sir, why don't they care?
Thank you for having a brain and using it. It's refreshing
What? A voice of reason???!
You're one of those republicans, like @SenJohnMcCain , who is very sad that he has to do bad things.
As long as your deep concerns translate to a no vote, you're all right.
Amen too bad you are not the Prez!!
Thank you for speaking out, @JohnKasich!
NO...NO,,,,NO,,,THAT MAKES TOO MUCH SENSE.DEMS WILL NEVER DO IT.THE GOP WANTS TO GO IT ALONE ...A PAY BACK ,GAME
Thank you Governor for your sincere practical approach... I'm an Ohio voter.
Dude you need to CHANGE PARTIES.  Bet the media would anoint you as Dem 2020 frontrunner smh.
Heck yes about this !!!! (Party change)
He was the only R candidate who made sense. Like Jon Huntsman before him, the sane ones get drowned out by the crazies, and we get Trump.
GodDAMN why couldn't that guy have been president? Everything he says reinforces why I voted for him.
TY @JohnKasich for your very reasonable approach. I don't always agree, but do think you take your responsibilities seriously. Appreciated.
please run for president. Bring some collaboration btwn Dems and GOP.
#MedicareForAll
Thank you for speaking up!
Have you seen @SenToomey ? No one can find him
#RegisterToVoteAndVote   #IgnoreTrumpUSELESS
#PutinCare
Good to see you still have @PaulManafort firm working for you.  
Break your ties or forever be a #Kremlin  stooge! #Russiagate #kremlingate
Primary the buffoon in 2020
This is the moment he became president.
@SenatorLankford Please please read this!!!
Paging @robportman
What about women?!?
Zuckerberg/Kasich 2020?
I have lost respect for all GOP members of congress. But I applaud you, sir, as a shining example of what Republicans should aim for.
You've almost redeemed yourself from OH Senate Bill 5....not quite....but making progress
Gov. Kasich is much more reasonable and caring than the likes of @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr McConnell.
Without a doubt!
Thank you for speaking out. I wish more members of the GOP were voicing similar concerns.
Kasich may be literally the last Republican left that I respect. Thank you for putting country ahead of party.
"They will know they are Christians by our love"
Jesus would not recognize these "Christians"
You won't get the support of any democrat unless you do it their way. Start leading like the party in power, it's okay Governor. Cut HC tax
To think you could've been our president instead of the immoral incompetent lying fraud we got makes me weep. Thank you for standing up.
Thank you. Don't always agree with you, but I do respect you. Even more so now.
Ahhh, the obligatory *deep concerns* and hand-wringing from a member of @GOP herd who wishes to appear independent. #PlausibleDeniability?
Thank you Sir for continued support of all Americans. PLEASE urge your Senators to reject this AHCA atrocity. May the Ohio 2 be our heros.
The flaw is that is is run by the government. So fix that first.
Just pass it to get rid of Obamacare and then draft changes to make this better through the summer.
Please vote against this abomination -- and thank you for being one of the only decent members of the @GOP left.
I hope the U.S. Senate will heed your advice, Gov. Kasich.
He really is positioning himself for another run, and he'll come off as moderate compared to those currently at 1600. 
Finally an intelligent comment on HC
Thank you Gov. Kasich
Still have no ide why you weren't the GOP nominee
That means decoupling health care reform from the GOP tax cut agenda.
Thank you sir. Healthcare reform requires thoughtful bipartisanship. Should never be a vehicle for tax cuts for  wealthy. Lives on the line.
He's a Republican I respect. Not on every issue but as my dh reminds me, he speaks truthfully. Kudos Governor Kasich.
GOP could have had him. He's not dynamic, but...
Thank you for showing there is still a remnant of reasonable GOP willing to stand up for the American people.
But nowhere in this statement does he disavow the GOP Senate plan, or even directly criticize it.
Nicely done.
@senrobportman Ohio deserves better than gutting health care for tax cuts for uber wealthy.  Pls have principles like @johnkasich #sayno
Expose ACA $ prop OH general fund? Gov Kasich stop ANTI- @POTUS attacks. Swampite loser #MAGA voters @GOPChairwoman ELECTED #DrainTheSwamp
Agree. Fixes needed not dismantIe. I know 3 collegeeducated, ablebodied adults who chose not to work full-time in order to receive subsidies
Hey, I agree with you on this! Way to not suck for once!
Thank you for being a concerned American first. Country > Party
In total agreement.
Thank you sir!
Governor are you running for President again?
Thank you for standing up to this!
Thank you for your support. You should have been President.
Kasich would have been perfect as a Leader to get Dems and GOP to put American's First ! Think 2020 !
What is your solution?
This is the leadership our country needs from one Democrat to my Republican friends!
Gov. Kasoch, I'm begging for a NO vote
