What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also, is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
its very clear that U the democrats desire to remove Trump as president i remind you that he was elected by the ppl
kremlingate
The questions need to address the call for hacking and Comey's Oct. Letter. That changed the election,  not actual votes
You and the rest of the democrats are disgrace liers! We all know it! We are not stupid!
Every attempt by Dem 2distract from Qs re illegal LEAKS makes need 4 ind commiss 2find leakers & indict them more clear
Keep up the good fight! No vote on Gorsuch til legitimacy of Prez is established!
Everything that comes out of his mouth is to try and divert.
So i remind you once again your attacks are sedition and treason be very careful or u and ur party may be voted out
sick of this Russia crap. Get over it, Trump won and U lost. Move on already!!!!!
MUST get to the bottom of Russia. No vote for Gorsuch until this is put to rest. We may not have a legitimate President
you guys are grasping at straws, nothing will change
@IndivisMainLine supports #IndependentInvestigation
You mean like democrats did with Benghazi?
Maybe we should check into you since you have been in office.
Senator, why don't you focus YOUR attention on taking care of the PEOPLE's Business in the State Of Pennsylvania?
Please stay on top of this. This is not a partisan issue-at least it shouldn't be. Thank you for representing the people
You and the rest of the democrats are disgraceful liers! We all know it! We are not stupid!
Sen Casey Do you think for a milli sec the GOP cares about this country? That is what it would take.
From the day Trump was elected U and the democrats have done everything to undermine the presidency that is sedition
Couldn't agree more!
Nothing was ever said about Clinton and Lynch. HYPOCRITE
I would also like to see where his money is, I am sure he is breaking the law there! Does he have $$ in Dakota pipeline?
Trump makes excuses as to why he can't answer questions. Still wants to blame everyone else. What a child!
Why don't both problems both you?
the popular vote does not count in this country and U know this the EC is there to protect this country from ppl like U
sounds like legit question from President! The DNC colluded with Hillary-If that revelation changed election so be it
@JVM @POTUS independent investigation in Comey and the FBI. That's what we need. There is no other evidence except Comey hack
Trying to cast that spotlight elsewhere won't work this time #TreasonousTrump.
@realDonaldTrump focus on the lies, the Russia thing is going to yield nothing, don't waste our time & resources on that
Are you not paying attention to the fact they have stated there was no collusion?... #speakonsomethinglegit
Good Lord Boob Casey.  Give it up already you partisan hack.
Please keep pushing for independent commission 4 good of
@CherryTheTart @realDonaldTrump @MSNBC @CNN   TRUMP can't distract! Russia & Putin is sticking to him like glue! #Comey #Russia
Because of us. We keep our eyes on the prize.
@dash_bandy @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
Dear Donnie Deceitful
This is abt u & ur total lack of creditability ur no good ur useless
so where is the HILLARY investigation? SHE took money from the mideast countries. PLUS  the Russian uranium deal?
@PrincessBravato @POTUS these are the tweets of a desperate man. Karma's coming for you Donny.
@PrincessBravato @POTUS The world is laughing and credibility of US is falling drastically....Trump made us look like a joke
Any investigation is going to be marred by Trump and his band of billionaires. His behavior is nothing short of pissing on the constitution
@PrincessBravato @POTUS it is obvious he is trying to deflect. Time for him to step down and admit he is in over his head
@NoConversions @POTUS SCOTUS hearing should be put on hold as well.
@Ddebn8R @POTUS thank you senator Casey! Oh and could you get trump to release taxes too??
letting your partisan zealot show; shouldn't DNC/HRC Russian collusion be investigated since more evidence there?
Thank you for being our voice in Washington
Keep pushing, Sen Casey. Independent, nonpartisan investigation. WE the PEOPLE deserve to know the truth.
@GreenUS4 @POTUS Sir, I respectfully say- America doesn't want an independent commission. WE NEED ONE!
We the People don't trust you Senator.
Totally Agree! 
how many hours a week do you work? You have an offfice right? How many hours a week? *crickets*
.@SenBobCasey @POTUS Putin doesn't get a #SCOTUS pick. #NoOnGorsuch
Quit wasting our time with this witch  hunt.  Get on with the business of government.
@spudmonkey66 @POTUS @realDonaldTrump no legit Russian connections, next time run better candidates
Ongoing investigation.
if u say so, investigations go on everyday
Not investigations in to close presidential advisers and their ties to foreign powers.
u can speak to another govt, u csn even ask another govt to let out press agsinst ur oppo
Ongoing investigation says it isn't that simple.
on going invest 2 what if they r invest a popsickle they have 2 giv the standard answer
Uhh...what?
@krainessk8 @POTUS Exactly
Thank you, Senator Casey!  We must investigate!!!
@MrSpock2017 Can it be compelled? Is there a way to make it happen???
how about giving debate questions to the democrat candidate. Stop wasting our time with nonsense.
every attempt by democrats to let go of the election.# hypocrites!
Oh,Oh I was right! There he goes again making up stuff!
All for an independent counsel. Am convinced no collusion between POTUS & Russians will be found. Dems & Russia though?
This is an argument a child makes.
Please do not allow a Gorsuch vote until #Trumprussia is resolved. A traitor shouldn't be allowed to fill the SC seat!
I live in Philly. I agree. Thank you.
So pleased with your service and integrity, Senator Casey!
Needs to show his taxes and stop all the talk and  Let "We the People" decide !
his questions are quite legitimate regardless of what a Liberal hack says.
@BMCdemocrats
Another line of McCarthyism questions by Trey Gowdy it should be demanded they are afraid of the truth
What about all the contacts with Clinton and Dem's with Russian officials ?
Why are you so sensitive to this Sen Bob?
You hav enothing on him. However, when are  going to start investigating MSNBC  for their role  in our election
thank you!  @POTUS stop pointing fingers & deflecting! Put on ur big boy briefs & deal with it! Grow up!
Stone, Manafort, Flynn, the contact with Sessions 'forgotten'- no, Senator, we're not distracted, and we want answers.
@alybee930 @POTUS Our president is sounding especially stupid today.
Clinton is not the President so it's irrelevant. The FBI doesn't need permission to investigate
he knows he got his hand caught in the cookie jar!  #ImpeachTrump
fake news by POTUS. More diversion tactics. Can't he tell truth?
maybe if @POTUS wasn't such a con & quit deflecting w/BS over what he & admin are REALLY up to = no good
Please do not let up the calls for an independent investigation of the admin/campaign and RNC. There is something there
the ave person doesn't give a shit about Russia. Understand u will be PRIMARIED if u don't move LEFT. @justicedems are coming..
Yes - need special counsel. And no vote on Gorsuch until we get to the bottom of this. Thanks for fighting.  
- PA Voter
Trump's clearly sooooo defensive. Must be something there. He knows it's just a matter of time before he's exposed.
keep applying pressure Senator. We are proud of you.
how about getting to work being president
u will be voted OUT
HOW CAN WE MAKE THAT HAPPEN??  I AM CALLING EVERYDAY.  WHAT'S IT GOING TO TAKE???
Just do the dam thing get a special prosecutor for Christ sake and stop talking about it already
We know all about the Clinton - Russia connection. It's Trump's connections that are important now.
@realDonaldTrump is a danger to our country. Please start impeachment hearings.
YES!
please do not vote on Gorusch !!
Absolutely!  Someone innocent would invite an independent investigation.
- 45 Tweet storm today = desperate. Ppl are waking up, approval is falling fast.
PS Please hold steadfast with NO VOTE on Gorsuch! Thank you!
Thank you!
The FBI did their investigations and found no collusion.  Your suggesting otherwise at this point looks foolish/ignorant.
apparently, he thinks we're all stupid with his antics.
Yes, I would love to get Nunez out of this...He is Trump's lapdog.
@SenateGOP @gop The truth will set us free. The legislative branch finding itself at the point of the spear over liberty
Why hasn't this independent counsel happened yet? Trump? If you have nothing to hide YOU should be asking for it!
Thank YOU Senator, keep up the good work, wish it was contagious. PA VOTER
Despite Russia, Hillary Clinton would never have had nazis or white supremacists in the WH...
Have you read the emails on wikileaks? Look up Podesta. KKK started by Democrats. Part of your history.
Look up spirit dinner. Then lookup the lady that sent the invite.
keep on him Senator. Don't let him get away with this. He is a disgrace
Thank you! Please keep fighting hard for us.
.@SenBobCasey Please do not vote on Gorsuch until we know for certain  @POTUS associates weren't conspiring with Russia
Agreed!
Agreed. We need a special prosecutor now. No more screwing around.
Trump!!! You're president!! You're the one that has to answer now!!! Not Hillary. Not Fox News. YOU!!!!
