This mother & child are being held at a facility in Berks county & are being sent into danger despite the child being eligible for relief.
Here's their story: the 5yr old's mother witnessed the murder of her cousin in Honduras and was being pursued by gangs.
Targeted for death, this mother fled with her 5yr old child. The child is potentially eligible for Special Immigrant Juvenile Status.
Despite that, the Trump admin is planning to put them on a plane TODAY. A plane ride that can very likely lead to their death.
The gangs will target this mother and her child the moment they land in Honduras, yet Trump admin insists on this cruel policy.
I just had a picture of this 5yr old come across my desk. He's adorable and wrote that he had "nowhere to go."
I've just placed a call to @DHSgov Sec. telling him to stop this. I need you to tweet @DHSgov & tell them to protect this mother and child.
.@realDonaldTrump If you're on twitter- Call @DHSgov Sec. Kelly and tell him this makes no sense.
This 5yr old and his mother aren't 'bad hombres.' They aren't in a gang, they're running from death- vulnerable and scared.
They came to the U.S. because they believed in what's on the Statue of Liberty- they believed in the promise of this nation.
We shouldn't turn our back on a vulnerable 5yr old boy and his mother who may very well die if they get on that plane.
.@DHSgov and @realDonaldTrump should work to actually secure our border and fix our immigration system and stop this nonsense.
Instead of sending a 5yr old and mother back to possible death, @realDonaldTrump should focus on dangerous criminals.
.@DHSgov know the stakes for this child and his mother. Do the right thing.
I've voted to secure our border and fix our immigration system.
I've voted to double the number of border patrol agents, add 700 miles of fencing and mandate 24-hour surveillance of the border.
What I won't do: stand by silently as a vulnerable child and his mother are sent to their possible death.
.@DHSgov #dotherightthing
Just got off the phone with @Reince45, he promised that they are looking into it. I'll hold him accountable to do the right thing.
The latest: Admin ordered the family on the plane. There are two flights they could be on: one direct to Honduras another with a layover.
If this 5yr old and his mother are on the flight with a layover, then the Admin can still save them from this potential death sentence.
If 5yr old & mother are on the direct flight it may be too late. Working the phones to try to find out which flight they're on.
Admin refuses to tell me whether they were placed on a direct flight or one with a layover. Infuriating. @flightaware is interesting, fwiw
Worst part: According to lawyers @DHSgov knew darn well that 5yr old & mother had secured paperwork to protect them & they rushed removal.
Yup, that's right @DHSgov likely knew paperwork was in hand & rushed removal just because they could.
Why? Because that's the tone @realDonaldTrump has set- one in which pushing out a 5yr old and his mother is somehow a good idea.
Just confirmed with @DHSgov: only the White House can order this reversed now. It's on @Reince45 & @realDonaldTrump to help this family.
Still no word from @Reince45 or Admin on the family. Going on @MSNBC at 3:35 pm to make the case, I hear @realDonaldTrump likes cable.
This kind of action makes us less safe. We should be protecting this family, not sending them into harm's way.
.@realDonaldTrump I am sending you a photo of the 5yr old child, who was deported with his mother, despite possibly being eligible for SIJS.
Good if they are illegal they need to go back.  Sorry I have been to too many swearing in ceremonies of people did it right way.
Urgent Twitter HELP there are Millions of hungry and Homeless can we get Sen Casey to help them stat???
YES, DEMOCRATS WANT THEIR VOTE AND NEVER CARED FOR WHERE THEY WERE LIVING LIKE IN ABANDONED HOUSES AND CARS, EVEN THEIR SEC 8 WAS CORRUPT
Your a Senator and you are helpless. What do you expect us to do now that they are in custody?
*you're
Our ancestors were never sent back 2 the boat that they arrived on We welcomed all 4 a better life &built better communities that prospered
If only senator Casey would take this much interest in issues that affect his own constituents like he does this.
This is Trump's Amerika... We are lead by a malignant narcissistic sociopath who is incapable of empathy even for children.
It is very possible this scenario will be repeated for the 50,000 Haitians this summer
@maddow @Lawrence @JoyAnnReid @ACLU 
Please please read Sen Casey's thread and report what happened.
Why aren't you this concerned with US citizens in harms way with no place to go living on the street? Too real for you?
This can't be allowed to happen! We have so much bad going on but if you allow one injustice to go unanswered than we allow all of it go!
Maybe if they came LEGALLY they wouldn't have to be sent home!!!
What is the latest news?
Thank God! Who else can I help get out?
This thread is heartbreaking.
I called. @Reince45 The American people are good people. We don't send 5 year olds to their death.
Apparently we do.
Are they staying at your house tonight?
"They were lovely, kind people who turned their heads as their neighbors were dragged away."
What would I do? This ponder this question often. I hope I would be above looking away, but what if I'm in mortal danger? What would I do?
I'd like to believe that I'd be the one that steps up and says"stop".  I think most of us feel the same way.
Now is the time to see what we would have done
USA is not great now.
senator, why is it that you urge me to do something and then when I urge you to do something you turn your back
Thank you for this.  I am proud you are my Senator.
...legacies from Harrisburg so you two will have a lot to talk about, OK?

Great.
Too bad we can't send Trumpf back to where either of his folks came from? Poor Scotland has had enough grief from golf courses! Germany?
Done!
Did you invite them to live with you?!
@BoogieDown42 this thread (and responses) is insane
This was crazy and tough to read
you got to go back.
@SenBobCasey URGENT help families here. corruption in family court destroys families everyday. U to corrupt to see it? i think so.
Unfortunately, Senator, Trump and the GOP only care about people if they're white and rich.
Oh I did forget.  Trump does have a special place in his heart for rich Chinese and Saudi Arabian's too.
I wish you could understand what there get out and see what the heck is going on Senator of you or people
@DHSgov why are u deporting a mother and son who. Are here for refuge? This is not who we are!
Thank you for fighting, Senator.
That's so sad
there are plenty of women and children in this country suffering from domestic violence. How about you help some of them?
Good, get them out. They should have come here LEGALLY. And it just means that the mother is involved in illegal activity.
How did they get into America, yea the broke into our country or were let illegally in by liberals like you. 
Bah Bye!!
Bye!
Not our nations' problem. We aren't the savior of the world any more than we're it's police force.
@DHSgov please help this family
So were they deported or nah? #BuildTheWall #DeportThemAll.
Thank you for posting this. I'm saddened by this story, but we need to bear witness to the atrocities of this admin. I wish we could have
Helped this family. This admin is abhorrent. A 5 yr old has done nothing. Sad statement of our country. But we will continue to #resist.
@dhsgov @icegov I vehemently protest your deporting of the Honduran mother & son whom @SenBobCasey is trying to protect. #dotherightthing
CRY ME A RIVER OVER OUR OWN PPL FIRST! Then you can tell me about them!
Now only 10 million more to go...
Good - illegal is illegal.  We can't afford to feed our own , much less taking in others .  Bye bye
So just because they witnessed something they should be allowed to stay? Their local law enforcement can handle it. Go back to being a waste
@rosierifka @LeslieMarshall @MariaTeresa1 @NCLR @jorgeramosnews @soledadobrien
Ok?
I live in Detroit.
10 minutes from Canadian border.
I'll gladly take them!
Please take them in senator. It's the only viable option at this point!
Deporting them is anti-American.
Ask your constituency if they would help you finance his housing, education, food stamps, healthcare, welfare....
If only @mike_pence were concerned with post-fetus life, he could help you.Alas, he seems to only care about life in-utero.Sad for these two
@ConcernedHigh 

TOO BAD ... LAW BREAKING -  ILLEGALS GO HOME ON YOUR OWN OR WE WILL TAKE YOU HOME...
Sorry to hear your playtoys are being deported - Might I suggest you get your #Pizza from Haiti next time #PedoGate @JackPosobiec
Petition the federal court for a preliminary injunction! !!!
Good
Is there ANYONE caught crossing the border ILLEGALLY that doesn't claim to be a refugee? Yawn
This is LIBERTARD PROPAGANDA.
@DHSgov , please DO NOT send the mother and child back to Honduras.  What kind of country is the U.S.?  It s certainly NOT my Country.
It appears that Trump & his Administration fears anyone not white and born here is a National Security Threat. Congress has the power to chg
Good. Come in the legal way!
Thanks for all your hard work.
@DHSgov you can't allow this to happen!
When did this country start sentencing CHILDREN to DEATH?!
THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS!
MY GOD!
HEARTLESS!
Casey, why don't you report on all the American children and families that have been harmed beyond measure through our LAX IMMIGRATION LAWS
Throw them out
They won't care about their racist policies until they realize it will effect Melania. Then we will hear of fixing issues.
illegal????
So proud you are my Senator! Please keep us updated.
Well, you know the laws Casey and so do they. Either come here legally, or you can't come. Its pretty simple really.
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump Seriously? Do you have a conscience at all or are "YOU" Just a bad or (sick) guy? @politico @peterdaou @BeauWillimon
I think he's answered that question, time and again! When they gave out consciences, he must have been busy.
Maybe she needs to go through the correct roads to get refuge status. Can't just show up and be like hey give me refuge status

Do they not get that's a dangerous place????
Hey Bob, how about paying attention to Americans for a change. Either that or move to Honduras and help fix their problems. #AmericaFirst
#ICE Honduras got psychos who will rape and kill them. Be #prolife. Some day no money or hope if currying favor with TRUMP will matter.
Maybe you should spend  more time defending US vets and let the other countries take care of their own.
Did they follow the proper procedures to claim refugee status or r u saying that after they simply violated the law?
These incidents must reported to Human Rights Violation the Hague other world body Trump gone to far if take world court depose him so be it
This is terrible...these are refugees, with no home to go back to safely. This is not the America I know!
@DHSgov
If they were dogs, people would protest until their feet were bloody!
WHERE IS THE COMPASSION?!

MY GOD!
Great news send some more back tired of paying for them take care of America First
Cc  @ACLU  ...
You should have offered to sponsor and house them on your dime
@DHSgov Please do not put a mother and her 5 year old child on a plane back to Honduras where they will die. NOT who we r!!
Maybe if you all weren't so hell-bent on importing MS-13 gang members and protecting them from deportation, more people would care.
This is unfortunately, no joke.  This has to get handled.:(
And
*waves* kthxla~
I just found out my friends son was killed by a MS13 illegal gang member
@GraysonKisker @ACLU
@ACLU @ALT_uscis 
Read Sen Casey's thread about deported 5 yr old & mother who came for asylum from gangs who will kill them.
Americans live in America
Hondurans live somewhere else but not in America
#NoMoreRefugees
Here is the proof!
Thank you for acting on this!!! We must protect refugees!!!!!
Tell me. Who will look out for Americans if those elected main job is to look out for refugees and illegals. Not us
He can look out for both. We are a country of immigrants. We need to protect the most vulnerable among us. It's called empathy & compassion.
By the looks of the carnage in places like Chicago he cannot do both. Americans are also dying at the hands of gangs. Put Americans first
Lol. Your racism is obvious. But it will not stop us. There are more us that care & are accepting of all ppl, than there are of you.
You call me a racist b'cuz I'm speaking up for American minorities who are also killed by gang violence this refugee runs from ?
Just terrible. 
Yaaaaaaay!
A D I O S.....we are CLOSED
I'm guessing this tweet doesn't accurately portray the facts.  #tryhonesty
If I came 2 your house seeking refuge, would you let me stay? More appropriate, if I broke in2 your house seeking it, would you let me stay?
And you senator will do absolutely nothing about it besides tweet and complain.
Why is it you care more illegals than citizens?
They need to go back...unless you want to sponsor them to live with you.
There are many kids in our own country who need this kind of support and deserve it more.
urgent: illegal immigrant once deported raped a woman in Massachusetts. Released on $2500 bond and has disappeared. MSM silent
Tell us how we can help, sir. I'm on board!
Maybe they should talk to the Kushners about buying a Chinese visa.
I have sent two tweets and have called. This breaks my heart. What else can I
do. Please let me know what else I can do.
Hey, if we are being honest, Honduras may be a step up.
.@DHSgov deporting a 5 yr old + mom to Honduras because they came here (illegally) to flee gang violence makes you complicit with homicide.
Liberty and justice for ALL. Meaning, ALL.
All citizens, genius.
Check the fifth amendment. It says all persons (not all citizens), which is what applies in the asylees' case, genius.
Further, the pledge of allegiance isn't legally binding...which would render your argument and mine moot, if you want to discuss more
the streets thanks to liberal agenda. Thank You. He is a " Bad Hombre"   So explain to this rape victim why there is no justice
Thanks for the good news, sir.
How can they call themselves Christian, 4 that matter human with this inhospitality #trump #Refugees
Something I have never understood. But Jesus understood it. Parable of the Good Samaritan, all over again
DEPORT ILLEGAL ALIENS. OUT.
@spsasso hey hey good bye...
By them going to America illegally they have prevented legal immigrants from moving to the US, don't be so selfish.
Twitter: it's urgent

1) POTUS is a Russian Puppet
2) POTUS is enriching his family with our money
3) Voter suppression
4) Healthcare

Sad!
All of the above is why I am so passionate about the #MarchForTruth on June 3rd. We, as a people, need to show up en masse & never again.
You are throwing your constituents (and the rest of US) under the bus. Suicide move! Kiss your 'career' goodbye!
Are they here LEGALLY? Cause that kind of matters.
#IllegalAliens #immigrants
Focusing on health bill that really sucks for millions right now. Well, not for the wealthy. They get a fricken tax cut. Thanks
:-(
what they were seeking was welfare and a free ride..have a nice trip home..
I didn't hear you crying when obama wouldn't accept Christian Syrian refugees. We have laws and they must be followed. 
You just wrote a novel. Do you understand the Twitter concept?
Thank you for this! I've been thinking about these two all day.
.@DHSgov don't send 5 yr old & mom back to danger. Stop this deportation til something can be worked out!  Thank you.
Isn't that the norm for the USA to do? Because it's run by idiots!
So Sad!!
read this thread. cruel, heartless, soulless. how does it come to this? thank you for trying @SenBobCasey
Twitter: it's urgent. I just found out that a young child & her mother who came to U.S. seeking refuge will be sent back to Honduras today.
Um.your a senator you have powers to influence and do special crap so do it
Thank you for doing this.  I am re-tweeting.
@DHSgov Regardless of Party or the Prez's wishes, we can all agree this is inhumane. Hear this plea!  https://twitter.com/senbobcasey/status/859801158482882560 …
@DHSgov
DJT had a mother that came to this country as an IMMIGRANT!
Once upon time THIS COUNTRY WAS BUILT ON THE BACKS OF IMMIGRANTS!
What happened to compassion
what?does lady liberty have to say about that. are we no longer a country that  accepts people fleeing from tyrants.ask our new potus & adm.
I have such a mix of emotions. Tears.
Hope we can get update on whether this mother/child were on the direct flight to Honduras & what happens to them when/if they get there. 1/2
And, if it's anything bad, publicize the shit out of it. We can help vulnerable Americans AND at-risk refugees. We are the team (J.Kimmel).
Good.  Send them home!
Where is your bill to grant them amnesty?  I don't see it in the Congressional Record.
And what is the reason for this??? Why are they being sent back???
Dear Bob, there are thousands of homeless vets sleeping on the streets tonight!
I hate to say it but help them get to Canada.
We'll gladly take them! 
Welcome! IF no #disability 
#WelcometoCanada Where #discrimination against #PwD is rampant. #cdnpoli @JustinTrudeau https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/posteverything/wp/2017/02/03/canada-is-a-progressive-immigration-policy-dream-unless-you-have-a-disability/ …
Had no idea! Thanks for sharing. Guess my dear friend with multiple sclerosis will need to mark Canada off her list of countries to move to.
Change the law.  How difficult it is foro congress to do its job?  Stop blaming the administration. Own Your failures
Cya.  Pa hates you
As a public school teacher working with immigrants I thank you for using your voice to stand up for justice "for the least of them."
Can imhelp buy their plane ticket
Terrible just terrible! When is next March on Washington? My daughter and I want to go along with our Cousins.. so let me know someone!
Resettle American Homeless families, Homeless Veterans and the rest of the AMerican homeless Population before you bring in more
If they came ILLEGALLY back they should go.
Sent a tweet with an appeal to #letherstay
Are they here legally?
@PatKessler @DanBarreiroKFAN HHH was VP in 68 (but he was former MN Senator)
don't care, do your fucking job and help AMERICANS
So US Gov lack of immigration enforcement last 8 years has led to this woman/child being deported. Another reason we need to enforce laws
