Assault weapons are made for mass murder & silencers help shooter hide. Devastated by #GUNviolence? So are we! Vote 4 #CommonSenseGunControl
Gun control
That’s nice but what are you going to do about this epidemic?! How many more deadliest shootings will their have to be before there’s action
Prayers are great-- but they'll do NOTHING to prevent this kind of massacre. PLEASE work on some reasonable gun control measures!
This type of (automatic) firearm is already banned to the general public. You need a federal licence to obtain one very hard to get.
Apparently no longer true: Congress failed to renew the 2004 assault weapon ban. Seems any bozo can buy one.
Ok
Ok. You do know you are wrong. Right
Not sure what you're saying...?
Less praying, more actually solving the problem
Prayers dont work #action
Prayers are not working. Pass sensible firearm regulations. 18974
Yes 2nd amendment. But why was there amendment to start with? Because the constitution is a living document.
PLEASE can’t we do SOMETHING about guns? #LasVegasShooting
What about pressure cookers, knives, hammers & cars? “@Magofa: @SenBobCasey PLEASE can’t we do SOMETHING about guns? #LasVegasShooting”
@DaveyHo69 YOU are part of the problem
The Democrats already wasted their ass in this because if Bernie and Hillary running off the mouth.  Americans don't need y'all anymore.
The Shaivite Temple- Law, Ep 1
Bob. You know what to do. Approach the NRA. PA DIES NOT WANT TO BE NEXT. SAVE US
Please please please do something to protect us from these military assault weapons that civilians have no need for!
#GunControl #NRAmericaIsNotAmerica
The blood is on every law maker's hand who did not or would not fight for gun control.
Please legislate for mandatory education for firearm owners in PA, similar to driver education. Thanks. 
Prayer is not action.
Ok so get stricter gun control laws back as nonmil shouldnt hav access to nor own mil grade weapons!!
Not a single NFL player on the ground to help first responders in LV. Hmmm. what heroes...not.
We need fewer #ThoughtsAndPrayers and more common-sense regs from @SenateDems. Or will you continue to bow to your @NRA masters?
Legislation please. Speak with our colleagues in the Senate to get some sensible gun control laws in place.
How many more people  have to die before you stop letting the NRA line the pockets of legislators. Campaigns are funded with blood money
Not interested in your prayers. You are a legislator. Do something to stop this!!!!
Please do something about it - push for gun control measures.
Stop praying and do something
get off your ass and work on gun control legislation
I want guns heavily regulated or banned! This is crazy!
Stop the prayers!  Enact gun control now. Americans demand it.  Gun rights?  What about the right not to be murdered at a concert?! ACT NOW!
Yes! That is the answer. Hope you never leave church! Pass a piece of legislation that stops this mess the country is in and pray less
Your job is to make laws no pray. Do your job and pass gun legislation. Thank you!
Try writing a bill to prevent it. Prayers are rather meaningless and will go on until the next mass shooting.
Taking guns out of the hands of law abiding Americans? Bad idea!
Senator Robert Casey, I call on you to lend your voice in protest for the sake of stronger #GunControl laws. What I ask, PROTEST RIGHT AWAY!
What are the Dems proposing in response?
Show all the love and say all the prayers. But at the end of the day, it was not love or prayer that stopped mass shootings in Canada.
How about some legislation to go with those prayers? Something to prevent this kind of thing?
While those affected remain in our thoughts, we must take meaningful action to ensure that this never happens again.
So terrorists attack us, and then liberals want to take away our rights? Is that how this works? No thanks, we will keep our rights.
Pray for tornado victims - that's an "act of God". This wasn't. This was the NRA's fault.
With all due respect Senator, this country needs #Action. Clearly prayers are not working. Get the freaking @NRA under control!
too much cruelty and hurtful lies
make more people crazy unhappy and angry
sometimes they take it out innocent strangers 

too often
Let's stop praying and actually do something.
Stop praying and lets honor their memory by standing up to the NRA to enact gun control.
It. Was. A. Terrorist. Attack. Call it by name.
It is time for #GunControlNow ! Now!
