Don't worry, getting rid of state lines, which will promote competition, will be in phase 2 & 3 of healthcare rollout. @foxandfriends
Thanks for the support! Can you suggest Congress give up it's superior health plan and move to the one the GOP wants for us?
its called competition so prices stay low. Geez I really cant wait to leave PA. You are nothing but a fear monger
You really need to back off, Sen. Casey. Trump hasn't lied to us yet and bets are you haven't read the document yet.
thank you Senator!  I lost my job, could not afford Cobra.  The ACA has me covered until I find a new  job. Constituent 15317
For some reason I can't just retweet this. Getting error message. Have to reply to retweet and so I shall
@CitizenX7766 because you *know* the republicans are looking out for us. 
I'm worried, they are my patients.
@peenyweeny1218 don't worry. The rich are getting richer. The plan will help everyone else in 4 years.
tell @SenToomey he's a week follower of a obvious TRAITOR!!! He's not looking out for Americans let alone Pennsylvania
We needed Single Payer, but Obama, Rahm Emanuel, and Max Baucus Fucked America now we get this shit.!
Didn't someone, namely @realDonaldTrump promis to cover EVERYONE? Crappy tax credit does not count!
Are you and your fellow Senators covered by Obamacare?  Constituents need to know.  Thank you for your anticipated response.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/apps/g/page/politics/which-senators-and-representatives-have-signed-up-for-obamacare/646/ …
YOU MUST get the word out to Americans. Get on the news, talk shows, every way u can let all Americans listen &act accordingly.
BSing propaganda makes Trump's World go round and is raw red meat to the GOP's exhaust pipe sniffing base
give up your plan for Obama care you hypocrite. We would never see that happen will we.
All of Congress should be forced to use the same insurance cover they created instead of our taxes for expensive plans
. Thank-you for speaking the truth!
My serious question is: does he even understand insurance? Because getting rid of state lines does absolutely nothing. It'll
drive up insurance costs overall because if there are no "state lines" people can quote "go anywhere" and since insurance isnt
exactly going to be what it is now with coverage under GOP "jokecare" there's no guaranteed cost per state on service.
So it's not going to be better. It's going to be worse. The GOP wants to leverage the young for the old too. Instead of fixing
the parts of ACA that can be fixed- they're punishing people. Giving the young a façade of "here! You can buy catastrophe
insurance at a good price !" But why even have it? I want my insurance that COVERS me like it does now. I did the high deduct
before and I worried about every single thing I did because 7k deductible and 14k out of pocket max was unattaible for me.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS It's all about $$$, not the #littlepeople #RESISTANCE
I was watching pbs livestream. When posed with the "tax cut" ?, Ryan scoffed and said "read the bill". How condescending!
Thank you Senator! Taking the CARE out of healthcare is UnAmerican. #affordablecareact #Obamacarerepeal
How can "we the people" get a detailed layman's explanation of what's put forth in this proposal?
Bobby go back to bed ....
Bob, you never showed a better plan to get rid of Obamacare. Bob you don't care about PA citizens. Retire we will be better off
u worry really? Get real. I've done nothing since I've been in office but go with the flow. Repeal and replace Cadey in 2018
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends America will soon look like 3rd World Country, we can't take 4 years!
perhaps the #GOP should actually have meetings with people who know how healthcare works? Just a thought.
@POTUS  @realDonaldTrump please listen to @RandPaul and I don't even like him much, but he is on target with this.
Just maddening! So angry right now. Would love to ignore all the news but need to stay well-informed. Catch 22..and an ulcer!
is @realDonaldTrump going to make sure all the healthcare providers accept all of the out of state health plans???
"Tax cut for millionaires?" Sorry, I don't think so. "Destroys Medicaid?" Really? :(
Thank you for fighting for us Senator Casey. Your analysis is spot on!
Keep up the fight!
The government should have never got involved to begin with....
The ObamaCare Plan hurt the majority (middle class), burdened young & healthy with higher premiums, discouraged business growth
thank you Senator Casey for your Insight and values where's @SenToomey on this issue? Missing in action?
@ImpactDemocracy 
Help us!!
The best option is for Washington DC Congress and the Whitehouse to get the Care Act they want for WE THE PEOPLE before vote
I'm extremely worried.  Leave the ACA alone @POTUS
and even he says it sucks! Nice to know someone was brave enough to get on it to see how we live.
but it's totally OK for u and ur pals up on the Hill to exempt urselves from what we have now. Only 1 pol is on it. A Republicn
fearmongering again Bob? If you can't get anybody with racism, fall back on fearmongering. Yawn! So tired of these tactics.
We shouldn’t! Because when we lose health care we’re as good as dead and thus our worries are at an end! Simple as that!
In case it’s not obvious that tweet was heavily sarcastic. Please don’t let them take away my health care.
Experts cited that purchasing insurance across state lines will cause a race to the bottom: won't work.  @POTUS doesn't read
did you even read it?
How about Congress can ONLY buy insurance across stare lines.  If no options exist.  No coverage
Wish you cared this much when I lost my insurance policy due to Obamacare, it was replaced with a horrible expensive plan.
O.M.G.! Like all the other things done to "promote competition"??? You have no way to know whether it'll work, why promise??
as the President said, "it's out and it's negotiable." So negotiate. #DoYourJob
oh don't worry peons, we'll get around to helping you. Eventually. Trust me!  I'm honest! 
All this does is give more profits to med industry and help the rich.  No one cares about our (citizens) needs.
If you are going to throw labels and words around, use fairness, justice, freedom, responsibility, and stuff.
if O Care was so good why did you keep your cushy government plan.  Now people can get a full-time 40 hour job again..
@ImpactDemocracy Hope Trumpcare passes  bc its bound to hurt his red states supporters more & maybe they'll stop voting bigotry
In 2018 republican MUST pay for Trump.  2020? that goes w/o saying unless Trump can be impeached b4 then.
@realDonaldTrump @foxandfriends That's not T tweeting.
What are lower income and people on unemployment going to do with Tax Credits??
Thing is though, you cannot opt to stand pat on #Obamacare either. That was bad, this is worse.
The Dems plan gutted American healthcare. If you are so upset, offer suggest something better.
And main cuts coincidentally don't kick in until post-2018 n 2020 elections. Super cynical. Will be up to dems to fix (again).

Tax cuts for millionaires, higher healthcare costs for farmers. It's good to know whose side they're on.
Please vote no.
Good Morning Senator.  Keep fighting the good fight!
guess we'll wait for Granny & Gramps Trump voters to go bankrupt w/o coverage for illness to get the bait&switch.
Obamacare has made us bankrupt. Are you paying attention to what is happening? Or purely making it about politics?
We should worry about liars like you.
Don't worry says the madman with the nuclear codes
