He literally just declared them a terrorist group. What more do you want? F*cking air strikes on them?
You, sir, DO NOT speak for me. I am not in any way insulted by @realDonaldTrump , our president, calling out vile actors from both extremes.
Remember that PA went red in 2016 and Toomey was re-elected. Your seat is NOT secure.
That's right. I'm not voting for him. Democrats r REALLY letting this country down They are responsible for thugs Antifa, not one denounces.
My prediction is @realDonaldTrump personally shows up in PA to ensure Casey gets trounced.  And it works out that way.
Casey Who?
Just stop Senator Casey!  I liked you Dad but you will NEVER have my vote!   PARTISAN work for the American people.
He'll never fill his father's shoes
Who do you blame for Ferguson, Baltimore, San Bernadino, Orlando? Please get to work on The issues America faces Sir. We need help
And the all the Dems are condemning ANTIFA?...give me a break
How nice of the Dems to finally denounce the fascist group they've spawned frm leftover occupy Wall St paid protesters. Too little too late
Bob Casey hasn't. He supports them.
The entire Democrat party sat on their arses and let this violence grow. It will be to their own destruction in the ballot box.
But #Charlottesville "white supremacist" leader Kessler is close pal of Obama & CNN! Another fake Russia "dossier"?
Nah that was a bunch of acid heads
This is a dead argument Trump was right then and he will continue to be right because both sides have issues! Hold Antifa accountable too!
And you're an insult to American taxpayers!!!! #DrainTheSwamp
NO you are the insult to the nation with your bigotry & racism. Your party caused that WS girls death by staging that roit. Shame on @DNC &U
Stop peddling fake news! He has condemned ALL parties involved! As a Pennsylvanian I'm appalled that you continue to attack our POTUS!
Your antifa Brownshirts are an insult to this nation.
How many times does he have to condem them, before you get it?
How did you get to be a Senator? Are there not any rules or medical test? Like a EEG to check t o see if it's at least getting blood to it?
Digusting slob a sitting senator when he had  a black girlfriend loser
both sides
My favorite line from Shawshank Redemption, "Why are you being obtuse? Is it deliberate?"
Seems to be the lot of you @DNC. Adolf's trick
He's done it 4-5 times. 

Lying is beneath the stature of a senator. Unless the senator is a @SenateDems
Where...I looked and can't find it
You can thank me later.
I'm so sorry....I thought you meant that Casey jerk condemning antifa.....
Sorry. But people cheered bragging about menstruating and marching in pussy costumes have no cred pretending to be offended at boobs.
Thank you....just another weak minded female
Hey Bob, what do you think about Antifa?
Democrats refusal to be accountable for their KKK is an insult to our nation, as are modern Democrats in general.

The fact that you're still an elected official receiving a regular paycheck comprised of American tax dollars is the REAL insult to nation.
are you serious ?the democratic party is the insult to our nation and you belong to it bobby
Bob Casey is a disgrace, capitalizing on Heather Heyers' death for political gain while refusing to condemn #antifa leftist thugs.
What does that mean?  Explain what "Fully accountable" means exactly.  I heard him disavow them several times.
Senator Bob BS Casey is how your name should read
Hi hypocrite! #Antifa
You really are a dim bulb!
What planet are you on? He's disavowed them countless times now.
Antifa. Bob Casey's personal thugs.
This is what every senator says. So get off your ass and go to work. U were off the entire month of August and now taking most of Sept off
you CAN"T be serious     have you always been this stupid or is it something new?

Repeal Obamacare, lower taxes, pass a budget, cut government fat and Hilda's a wall. IOWs go to work.
When did you become delusional?
.@SenBobCasey's refusal to hold an INDIVIDUAL fully accountable for THEIR actions continues to be an insult to us all.
Hey Bob. Accept the outcome of the election!  This white supremacist crap is a smoke screen so u all don't have to!  Get over it you lost!
#antifa innocent? Hypocrite.....I mean politician....
How would you like him to hold white supremacists "fully accountable," exactly?
Read the responses to your tweet!You may want to reconsider your comment! Remember PA put POTUS in office! We can vote you out!
Moving forward I will just directly challenge these guys to prove what they say. I will even offer support if they can do it. So far, nadda
Well...Bob.
Idiot swamp critter
Let's hold the Democrats accountable for antifa and their terrorism. The blood is on your hands
You don't pay very close attention to what Our President says, do you? You're still propagating the hate - we pay your salary.  DO YOUR JOB.
Douchebag politicians& elite billionaires selling out America to foreign govts while violating young children Now thats the biggest insult
Senator. Every "Hate Group" this country has ever had was born in the Democratic Party. KKK, Antifa, BLM. You own them all
Ever hear of ANTIFA?
Hey Casey. How times does he have to denounce them before Liberals like you shut your pie holes!
So I guess Antifa is not a problem either in your eyes? Terrible on both sides, but you keep on with your rhetoric to keep your voters!
Still waiting for President Obama to apologize for blaming the Dallas police for their own murders.
@SenBobCasey, head of the #Snotbubblers
First of all he did condem the isolated incident multiple times.  Secondly, your are the non-factual scum that is causing these puppets....
Wake up Bob, you're all alone on this...supporting antifa will be your downfall.
Well bless you little old heart crybully, reckon you missed it amongst calling out your little antifa friends. You're actually the insult.
If 2 criminals decide to play war games, how do you only hold one of them 'fully accountable? #AntifaTerrorists r just as guilty. #Equality
Trump will lose battles along the way. Usually by concession. But the tables are turning. DACA carrot dangling. DACA donkey nibbling.
Bobby, i have the intelligence to be as appalled by antifa, blm as i am by white supremacists and the kkk. Sadly, you don't

How many times do you wish to be call a scumbags. Thing is both sides came in on the same bus.

VIDEO=> VIOLENT LEFTISTS Chase and Beat Man Unconscious at Berkeley Riots
http://www.thegatewaypundit.com/2017/02/video-violent-leftists-chase-beat-man-unconscious-berkeley-riots/ …
What about antifa? White supremists were not the Only ones responsible! Wake up senator!
When are YOU Casey going to hold #AntiFA accountable!!.....& condem them, STOP LYING!!!!  @POTUS condemned BOTH
Screw POTUS he actually has the power to halt them and he does nothing. Law and order?
Reading back i can't seem to find where you disavowed Antifa and BLM bob.  Can you refresh my memory?
Condemn Anifa!! Sen Casey!
Are you a Senstor?  Get to work Dude. We are sick of politicians only working for a pay check. Because ppl like YOU we voted for @POTUS
As a PA native, you're an embarrassment to the state, Slingblade. 200 rednecks don't compare to Antifa, BLM, & other @DNC terror orgs.
Says the wannabe JDL member who doesn't see the neo-Nazi mobs aggregating in cities throughout the country. What happened to "Never Again"?
Seriously ? You forget that ANTIFA actually caused the majority of problems so why not mention them at all ?
He did hold them accountable along with extremists sponsored by the Democrat Party. You have a problem with the English language.
Looks like huge 2018 wins for the right!
This guy Casey is out their with the loonies
I'm a Pennsylvanian and you do not represent me! Come to the center! Build the wall! Allow voter IDs!
Sen Casey, do u have new career plans for 2019? Doubting u will be reelected if u continue to try to deceive public
He can go to rallies with Kaepernick, they can commiserate.
Has your twitter been hacked ?
Did you really tweet this ?
You're a white supremacist sympathizer, or as they're more commonly known, a white supremacist.
Naw, you're the embarrassing insult to this country. Trump said there was good & bad on both sides.
He has done so, Bob - has been doing so for 20 years. Proven. Roll tape. I must have missed you holding Antifa accountable, though. Did you?
There's no reason for Casey to keep spewing hate and rhetoric in attempt to divide and destroy our country for the sake of his politics.
His politics ARE the reason. He is not helping anyon but himself. Time fo him to go.
Your Antifa stabbed a young lady at Berkeley THIS week for holding a peaceful sign abt free speech. You're just another critter in d swamp.
Charlottesville was a small group of racists nazis who would have marched & gone home to momma's basement, until your group antifa showed up
Groups get together to protest statues and police,  where are they to stop crime, raise children, teach positive behavior, stop drugs?
Like all things Democrat's in Congress do, this fictional narrative of Trump's comments is backfiring bigly. Context is important.
Bob @congressdotgov is an insult 2 our nation!
He did many times. You lie. That's what Dems do best.
He has 234k followers and can only a few hundred likes on this. Should tell you all you need to know
Antifa terrorists stabbed a Jewish woman in the neck at Berkeley.

Why haven't you condemned them yet?
PA state slogan is "Pursue Your Happiness". PA folk chose 2do so by overwhelmingly voting 4DJT's agenda. Stop race baiting & start listening
Just more nonsense from the left.
Wherever Antifa goes violence follows. Funny how you can not see that.
Yr paltry nds 2 hold terrorist BlacksLives Matter/Antifa/MoveOn/Resistnce fully accountble. They marshal LEGIONS vs 10s of mythical wh natls
The Democratic party is now controlled by America hating zealots who insult our nation everyday
Going by the responses @SenBobCasey might not be reelected!
Nazi wanna bees are scum. But they don't riot or burn buildings. Antifa came to fight and started riot leading to death. Both at fault.
Are you still talking about this?   How many times does he have to disavow these idiots?  When will you disavow antifa?
You are a senator stop embarrassing yourself.
No, You are the insult to our nation. You 2 legged Jack-Ass.
DO YOUR JOB!
Where's your televised announcement for denouncement of #antifa Mr Casey?
Spring has finally arrived, now let's not waste our time UTAUing, get out of your filthy shelter and embrace the beautiful season
I know you guys think it's really cool to keep going after 45, but we just want you guys to go to work and get things done for us. Just stop
Wow, where have you been?
Thank you Senator Casey for your leadership. Your colleague @SenToomey, the worst Senator in the history of our great state shows nothing!
We will vote you out soon.
Sen Casey working his ass off every day for illegals.
You guys better come up with a new false narrative. This one has been debunked, like every other one you've tried.  You look so foolish.
President Trump denounced violence on BOTH sides, but you only hear what you want. #UselessPolitician
Wow! You're so desperate you keep spreading that lie! @realDonaldTrump denounced all such groups. Have you disowned your #Antifa?
Senator-you are a union owned establishment stiff. Just keep doing what you do best which is nothing and leave the commentary to the adults
Stupid, lying comments from politicians are more an insult to voters than anything else. Thanks for helping the #termlimits campaign
ur disgraceful, distorting what he said , he said there are two side, both of which are disgraceful -get it bobby??? Hey try being truthful
And YOU not holding all violent extremist groups/activity accountable makes you A DANGER to our nation.
I am sure you would include the Congressional Black Caucus in that. Both seem to be racist.
Your the insult to our country and your state
You're an insult to PA and must not be able to hear correctly. You will be VOTED OUT 
trump is an insult to our nation on so many levels #worstPOTUSever #ImpeachTrump #25thAmendmentNow
Hillary is not POTUS she wins the insult to nation trophy.I hear the white people made her loose check out her pay for play emails, Benghazi
You Senator are a disgrace to r country. Taking taxpayers money and not doing your JOB!!!  Hope Pa votes you out!!!!
Hey Casey-you IDIOT-How many times does he have to disavow? When are you LibTarded DemoCraps going to disavow BLM & Antifa-WE CANT HEAR YOU!
can't wait to vote you out Bobby

Antifa is the problem. The @POTUS  is doing and has been doing what needs to be done... Unlike you... Bye.
What does "fully accountable" mean?  And while I believe Nazis are scum, can you prove they weren't attacked first by Antifa thugs?
No democrats or Antifa at Charlottesville, there would have been no violence. 250 idiots would have walked and talked for 4 hours then home!
6. Who is covering up and crafting a narrative now? C'ville Mayor? Yep. City Manager, Police Chief? Yep. Governor? Yep Attorney General? Yep
Casey - you're joking. Evidently you're a supporter of ANTIFA - if not denounce them immediately or remain a libtard hypocrite
You need term limits
I'm in this nation and I'm not insulted.  Why do you dems think you speak for this nation? Trump in the WH should tell you different.
Perhaps ur the white supremacist ?? You act like it .
Antifa. Antifa. Antifa. You guys are all about hate. Liberals are hate mongering losers
Apparently calling out hate on both sides is insulting. I think violence is bad on the right and left actually.
He did hold them accountable, he also held the violent urine, feces throwing Antifa accountable and that's what offends this Obstructionist
These are your thugs Bob...
Shutup and focus on repealing what is making Americans go broke but are unable to use because deductibles are so high!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
15. more time studying history and less time watching CNN, spouting memes or you won't keep that Senate seat the you R demonstrably
#fakenews
1. Pretty sure they already condemned them. 
2. Haven't seen any Dems condemn antifa. 

But hey, details
You realize you and your base call 63M AMERICANS White Supremacists right? We The People will never forget it when we run you out of office!
Pushing the "All Trump Voters&Our President=Racist "Narrative Will Win 8Yrsof Trump Thanks!BLM/Antifa=ISIS
Dems have done so much race baiting,  accusations of racism no longer have any real meaning.
Your refusal to denounce Antifa and hold them fully accountable for their violent, fascistic actions across the nation is abhorrent. #GoHome
So sick of all this far left, socialist sh**!! Ruining the country with their bigot accusations!  ENOUGH! Will remember at next election!
He was right you are wrong. It happens but you have to own it. Grow a set.
I have a better solution: F*ck the hell off!
One word... ANTIFA!! Now own it and shut up!
They are not FULLY accountable for the violence in Charlottesville. Why do you people refuse to condemn ANTIFA?! #VoteThemOut
WTF is wrong with you Casey? Are you on drugs?
What is an insult is your refusal to cooperate and work with POTUS
Casey your an insult to PA. He denounced them over & over just not the way you wanted him to. I hope Barrletta crushes you in 2018.
Try the truth Senator...America is waiting!!
President Trump has denounced White Surpremicists over 200 times! Where have you been????
Antifa is far more destructive? Have you disavowed them?
And until you hold Antifa and their thuggish behavior accountable you are an insult to our State.
Stop virtue signaling Bobby. He's been against them for years. You don't even believe your statement. All theatrics. You are a DC slime.
bob casey is a divider.  Trying to gin up minorities to get votes. Definition of scum
He signed resolution. And, @TheDemocrats refusal to hold ANTIFA & BLM continues to be an insult to our nation. ALL racism & violence is bad.
A lie from me politician. Not very original. How about you get something done for the American people. Stop the stupid posturing.
White Supremacists just can't help themselves. It pours out in everything they do and say, whether they want it to or not.
No shit, Life in libtardia is like waking up in a new world daily, where truth, facts & honor don't exist.
