Sen Sessions seems to have used this false information to inform his policy decisions. That is deeply concerning.
Thanks for voting NO. Hope you'll keep his feet to the fire. Hope you'll push him in the fire. Hope you'll fire him and POTUS
Then let them do a REAL investigation!
. Of course. That is their voter suppression scheme! We need to ^^ Civil  & Voting Rights! No to Sessions! No to Trump!
There is especially in Philly, PA among the DemocRATS.
And why are you helping to promote that incorrect message? We all know the problem is voter suppression.
you participated in election fraud during the primary!  Corrupt to the core - clinton croney. Trump is Your fault!
Of course there is wide spread voter fraud, dead people, illegals. Voting in america is for it's citizens NOT ILLEGALS
Bravo well said
why are you afraid to investigate? If no fraud, no harm done. If there is fraud, must stop it. Every vote must count!
How many of the same LEE can vote in the same state who is the same person Democrats say many times ok
@deray @POTUS Only a Moron wld say there's NO Voter Fraud, Especially knowing of the Dems, Liberals, Soros, P2P,Cheating etc..
this is an effort to enact voter ID laws we can't fall for it voter suppression is real not voter fraud
@PTUS why not fly lately  I guess all the Liberals learned another snow flake word Voter Suppression
pretty sure he actually wants to intimidate black voters
@POTUS Yes, they want to shut down voting rights!
then let's have a do over
is that why the GOP is voting to get rid of election oversight?
we all know the dead are registered Democrats. Purge your rolls and then there won't be suspicion.
by voter fraud you mean ppl who actually voted once? Democrats don't know how to vote one time. Illegals vote. Shouldnt
@rolandsmartin @POTUS  zDream on
Why are Dems afraid of an investigation. #Rhetorical
America is in extreme danger. Trump shows clear signs of Alzheimers dementia erratic temper braggert repetitive speech patterns
And Obama was a wiz really there are 35 yr olds that can't keep up with him. I know you have someone who is working
the only voter fraud we should be looking into is Russias involvement in the election.
Maybe we should look into why were certain advocated California Independence in Moscow ??? Follow the $$$$
that's because @SenSessions3rd  has personally benefited from voter suppression #HoldTheFloor
What was the story on Phill when Obama was running at election poles with guys and bats
Well make them pay for a recount/ investigation.  He needs to accept his win and either move on or leave.
- Well that's disturbing.
they're out of their white minds.
California is giving Illegal immigrants drivers licenses... Which is all you need to register to vote. #VoterFraud!
ANY chance of getting ANY Republicans to even understand these concerns ...let alone vote NO on Sessions?
shocked.
he's just a pawn in his collection of yes men. Funny how someone who "says it how it is" can't take it from others. Sigh
Of course he does. I'm expecting the GOP controlled congress to pass a law requiring a loyalty oath in order to vote.
You get on. A plane they almost do an internal  Go vote zero check some old women who can not see checks you
but they've dismantled the checks on voting machines.
Sessions is an Alabamian through and through and not in a good way. Those uppity non-whites voting. @SenBobCasey @POTUS
@deray @POTUS this is to set up bogus voter ID laws "we" will not go back,we've come to far to turn round NOW!!
You've obviously used false information to make this tweet misleading followers about the truth yet again.   @POTUS
we all remember Obama himself telling illegal motor voters to go ahead and vote if they're registered
. @SenBobCasey @marcusmaxcimus @POTUS all those POC still voting.
.@SenBobCasey Voter suppression is Sessions's specialty. He'll take @POTUS's unfounded claims, orig. meant to distract us, and do real harm.
@deray @POTUS Sessions is so beholden to Trump. No way he can be an independent AG. These are dark times for our country...
what evidence to the contrary? Has anyone investigated? Calif. State Sen said his family of illegals voted!
maybe widespread is the incorrect adjective but it does exist-- in every state
u lose again
Trump & Sessions are both wrong!
@deray @POTUS Let them investigate it then. While were at it we can look into the racist gerrymandering and interstatecross .
I hope black people all across America, around the world protest Jeff Sessions because we don't want a repeat n History
@rolandsmartin @POTUS can someone pls ask him point black where his evidence is? Jesus. This is driving me nuts.
Run every voters name in computer see if they have birth cert-dreamers, death cert, IRS see # is right POTUS got pop 2
there is definitely voter fraud the evidence is Trump is president
And four million Zombies voted for  Queen Hillary get the MEMO you Lost
..Casey, you are part of the problem. Get aboard the Trump Train or be left behind . Soon you will be just sick of losing
anyone in Philadelphia knows there's fraud
Outrageous behaviour we must push back against the lie.  It goes to the heart of our democracy in
and why is this dude nominated again
@deray @POTUS Fear Mongering we must resist!
@thecherness @POTUS  ther is NO voter fraud. Only voter suppression.
Why is Sessions & Trump impervious to fact? Are they fit for office?
Sessions did pretty much invent that modern version of that boogie man fairy tale back in 1985  #TheMarionThree
@rolandsmartin @POTUS I don't think it's widespread but we should strive to get it as near zero as we can.
@deray @POTUS then he shouldn't vote to dismantle the agency that oversees elections and voting machines.
@HomaBashNBC5 @POTUS in their minds there is. They believe anyone who is brown is illegal and fraudulent. See Langer story
is that why republicans voted to make election hacking more possible in future?
Worth investigating, isn't it?
@deray @POTUS i guess sessions is on team putin as well
.@SenBobCasey @deray Then let's investigate this fraud! I bet #45 didn't actually win! We could have a real president.
Now there's a surprise.
@barbs73 @PeeOTUS #JimCrowElection using #VoterFraud excuse #IllegallyPurgeVotersPOC #NewElectionRequired
of course there is voter fraud.  Why do you think @SenSessions3rd keeps getting re-elected.
20 years in the Senate and u and ur party have never said a bad thing about him until his nomination for AG
#ConfirmSessions He is an egalitarian that believes in the rule of law unlike his predecessors.
Is it better that we have a system beyond question than one that has holes in it.
It does exist, but is hard to prove, since there is no requirement for people to prove who they are or citizenship
Yet again you show your bias; the State of Alabama has had MULTIPLE convictions almost every election year b/c of fraud
imagine that! More plans to deprive citizens of their vote based on BS
I think you know @POTUS @realDonaldTrump is a fraud and so are those he support him #TrumpNotFitToServe #TrumpNotWelcome
Thank you for fighting to stop him.
Dangerous man! Hold his feet to the fire!
@HEINSLERJAN @POTUS Funny the Republicans can NEVER point to any specific instances.
We will spending tons of money for research to stop people from voting
@Tricia_Braun @POTUS
Bob just needs to hit his head and little harder to knock some sense into it. Repeal 2018
7/Do something! Surely you people can find some legal way to stop him! I'm losing my patience and my patriotism.
yeah... The dead, illegals, and multiple votes for Hillary have been alleged
5/scum!! Dammit I'm tired of it! I'm a PA resident and registered voter. I'm tired of seeing the crap taking place daily
Quite sad that ignorance, lies, negativity and hate spead so easily.
4/role in his administration but yet she sits in on all the meetings, and his cabinet picks are the bottom of the swamp
3/clause written in our Constitution, he is tweeting about his damned daughters company, his daughter has no official
and his minions don't care about facts, evidence, or truth. To the contrary.
wants to reduce access to voting. We will jump through any hoop but #expectUs to vote. We gave blood and flesh  to VOTE!
2/seems to care! He, (Trump), is getting away with conflicts of interest violations, he is violating the emoluments
more ass kissing is what you have. Entire cabinet has been bought and sold. The US we'll pay a major price
@SageHillfarms @POTUS its an excuse to put in legislation to make trump serve 8 yrs. He needs to get out NOW before USA dies
There must be an election for President every 4 years. Only dictatorships hold hostages
DT you won, give it a rest bro, leave useless ethics hearings to my boy @jasoninthehouse he's real good at wasting $
If Trump said the moon is made of green cheese, Sessions would agree...

1/Then let's get something done about it! I'm tired of all this talk & all these accusations going around, but nobody
D's need to do their own study to counter the alternative facts in the upcoming R study.
@GOP @TheDemocrats neither Sessions or trump think there is voter fraud, both are manipulating tighter voter suppression
Hard to suppress voters if you dont trump up a voter fraud charge. #Sad
#resist
that should disqualify him immediately, it doesn't take a genius to dismiss this voter fraud fiasco
To be fair, it was probably the only way we got our current President.
crazy attracts crazy.
Then why did Republicans dismantle the only federal oversight on elections?
@GOP strategy to limit Right of Franchise is laid clear.
