
Pennsylvania can become a leader in job creation again if we fully embrace clean energy. Read my @PennLive op-ed http://www.pennlive.com/opinion/2017/04/trump_needs_to_face_it_-_coal.html#incart_river_index …
Curious how Pennsylvanians report to clean energy jobs? In their fossil-fuel powered, coal-forged metal cars? Read article, not about jobs.
Yes. Read the article. 
We have Obamacare, the Libs said it's good, remember? Not the Senator though, he's special so Obamacare isn't good enough for the Elitist.
Blacklung benefits were rolled into ACA. Retires healthcare/pension is an entirely different issue and not part of ACA. Know the facts.
I am retired & my union healthcare benefits remain the same until I am eligible for Medicare. Are you retired? Are you a Union member? I am.
Actually my husband is an affected retired UMWA miner. I am USWA. We in Pittsburgh appreciate Sen Casey's command of the facts and support.
Well, he doesn't actually type his own tweets. He has an aide for that.
That doesn't surprise me, somebody to blame
Unbelievable! @realDonaldTrump Doing nothng s stll a choice.Denying wht ws promisd s on ur head.Looks lke we'll hv more ppl to VOTE U OUT!
I admire your approach, but let's be honest: the GOP only care about miners as a campaign prop.  Big oil and gas are their real constituents
Mr Trump, don't you answer letters?  I think it's too much for you to deal with. Maybe you should step down.
Don't hold your breath
A US Senator has to use Twitter to communicate with the President. Haven't we all seen enough? Will someone with balls stand up & stop this?
You'd hv to get @realDonaldTrump to borrow his bak from Putin...

Last yr, U.S. #solar industry created 51,000 new jobs, that's more than all current coal miners in the U.S.: http://buff.ly/2nVp778  #divest 
Read the letter Jack, it's clear that you didn't.
I read it. It's clear that you're a condescending jerk.
@indivisibleteam @ossoff Bait and switch for rich.  Wait til we see their tax "reform".  #flipthevote
#notaxreformwithouttaxreturns
Sen Casey, w all due respect, pls show due respect 2 Pres Trump. I follow both of you and you comment on Twitter FAR more than the Pres does
Miners will be encouraged by you!But Trump will not concern them! Even millions of Twitters never change his mind!
 he won't even speak to senators? SAD
But yeah, @SenBobCasey you and the rest of the Democratic Party need to offer good alternatives. #CleanEnergyJobs
Condense the letter to 140 characters. @realDonaldTrump could read that
Someone will still have to read it to him
Maybe you and coal miners are catching on he really doesn't give two wits about them? No photo-op in this.
Did you really believe Trump when he said he was bringing COAL JOBS back this man is a LIAR and it took you all this long to figure this out
@CongressmanGT Glenn Thompson this is how u let the people know how u r working 4 them!
He's usually on Twitter when he's taking a crap.
Soooo....while speaking?
Why should @POTUS care about the health of coal miners when he wants to get rid of health care for everyone else, except the wealthy!
Bobby, Bobby, come on big guy!! U should have sent this to your POTUS  Obama. He really was still in office.
Interesting Senator that you attack Prez Trump 4 actions that YOU supported by being quiet when Obama/candidate clinton attacked coal miners
let me get this straight you was against the miners now that obama is gone your for them which is it U RAJOKE
Thank you for sending this. I appreciate what you are doing during this time.
Thank you, Senator Casey! Proud that you serve the Commonwealth!
Wow! Hackjob Bob can actually write a letter! Good job Bobby!
This is tragic for Union retirees. I'm curious what happened to get them to this point? Mismanagement of the union pension fund account?
Underfunding in part by Mine operators who were obligated by contract to contribute but found legal relief by filing for bankruptcy.
Thank you, it's a shame those people gave them the best years of their lives.
I wonder when Pa will wake up and stop electing simple propogandists, bob.
Coal jobs will not be coming back. Do they really have to lose their healthcare & pensions too? We can do better than this. Yes We Can!
Hahahahahahahahahahahaha 
is this needed if the ACA is retained as is?
Dated Nov 2016. Shameful disregard for coalminers now that Trump won / got what he wanted.
@SenBobCasey he's too busy using his tiny hands to tweet about how great he is rather than reply to you
Dude it's more than 140 characters. Of course President Man-Baby isn't going to read it. https://apps.facebook.com/presidentmanbaby/ …
Want to improve lives of coal miners? 
Implement #Medicareforall. Strengthen #SocialSecurity. Plus tell them coal is over.
Your letter is too long for him!  Attention span is " Nill" he needs Diagrams - then will continue to ignore as he " Golfs" Again!!x17
Senator Casey, Trump just doesn't care. He vowed to release his taxes and has yet to fulfill that obligation. He just doesn't care.
save Coal Mine benefits. Then retrain miners! Clean energy is the way to go! Brings many jobs good for economy
Tax coal to fund this. Otherwise it is an unfair subsidy to a dirty disgusting heavily polluting industry.
Senator, could you also send similar letter to ask President to stop #H1B guest worker visa program DISASTER. Be the champion for the people
@NoFascistsPls @realDonaldTrump yes- Mr.Trump- what's answer to this ?  And thank you Sen Casey  you do PA proud
Letter is too long. He won't read it. Try it in pictures/drawings. He then may look at it.
I like how you know Trump's poop schedule.
wow. another sternly written letter /sarcasm. when are the rest of the @SenateDems going to actually start standing up to the Republicans?
Trump loves coal but he couldn't care less about Miners.
what say you, trump??
Bobby, Bobby, http://Bobby.you  obstructed Trump in everyway since his election. Now you want his help. Tsk, tsk, tsk.
I admire your stance Senator but your office has same problem. I've tweeted, called, written and heard nothing in response. #nodiff
Ain't this the pot calling the kettle black?  President Obama ignored you 2. Senior Senator being ignored speaks volumes about you.
Make your letter into a coloring book and maybe he will see it.  Pathetic he is.
It's sad that GOVT business has to be done on Twitter!  Please make him resign along with @SpeakerRyan  They r burying the country.
Coal jobs are obsolete.  Happens to all jobs eventually. But you care for the workers who sacrificed and were made ill by them. Only decent.
Bob, you are making the bad assumption that Trump actually reads. He doesn't. He's far too....
he cant even understand the letter, he is not running this country Ryan and McConnel get what they want and he signs anything Bannon wants!
You're assuming he reads.

Or cares.
You are a good hardworking Senator. I proud you represent me.
@BraddJaffy So lets promise MORE COAL JOBS with lifetime of hard labor and then wait till they retire and take away what they were promised.
Thank you for continuing to try. He is too busy trying to scare North Korea and China with his morning tweets.
Wow, Sir. A November letter with no response - but then that's no surprise with Trump. There is nothing Presidential about him
You care about miners now? You didn't give a damn when Hillary & Obama said they'd wipe out they jobs, intentionally. Hypocrite!
That is awesome....think i love you sen
@realDonaldTrump are you tired of winning yet? You are going to be held accountable. Don't forget #Trumprussia #russiagate #trumpimpeachment
Worst. President. Ever.
Could you send that to your constituents for them to send to their representatives to flood WH & offices with mail? Would it work?
Sen Casey wayyy too many characters in your letter... remember bullets and pictures!
Can you make that a collage for him? It's really his preference.
Stand strong Senator.  You and others committed ad you are can set this right. 
Much respect @SenBobCasey however we need to move away from coal. The focus would be to set these miners up with new jobs in clean energy
Senator, he needs to see it reported on fox & friends to pay attention, try there!
Now you understand what it is like to write over and over to your legislator or senator and not get a response bob!
Senator,
You tweet more than the @POTUS & karhdashians combined. Failing to understand ur point
The silence is deafening.
Why won't he support the Miner's Protection Act? Is it b/c he said he loves coal, not the miner's who dig it?
Rump and his rich buddies are experts at taking away pensions. NOT the first time they've done it. Workers loss is their gain
Letter is too long with multi-syllable words.
@GrowlyCub @realDonaldTrump it's increasingly clear he can't read big words and doesn't actually care anyway.
.@SenBobCasey @babs_klein @realDonaldTrump I hear Trump is a very slow reader.
It's not asking for coal jobs...it's asking to ensure that coal miners receive the lifetime insurance & pension benefits they were promised
@SenBobCasey he's probably off golfing. Again. Obviously more important than the health and lives of his "fellow Americans".
Ooh, burn! Keep doing what you do, Senator Casey! Thanks for fighting the good fight.
Use pictures and crayons next time. That'll get his attention
You know he doesn't read?
Too many words for him. Cam you bullet it?
Hey Bob, you are really concerned about coal miners now. You had no problem with Obama trying to kill the industry.  WHY
You might want to try using text-to-speech because I'm pretty sure he has no idea how to read.
Please go back to your hometown where less than 200 people show up to be bored by you at a town hall meeting.
Try fewer words and more pictures.
If you want this done, tell them that Obama greatly opposes it. It will pass in a heartbeat then. Just a suggestion.
..Dems.Need to consistently Call out Repub.Leaders that have ignored the modern day needs of Americans.
Dream on Senator!  
Mike Klaene
Downingtown, PA
But does he know how to read ?
@mountain_goats @realDonaldTrump it's too long and he likes pictures with his briefings
Republicans have to clean up every mess Dems make. Bob Casey, draft a plan and send it forward. We are too busy working on Obamacare!
Senator, great letter he can't comprehend it, have someone on @FoxNews read it to him. Keep up the pressure, great job!!
Sadly, he does not care, Mr. Casey. We are so alone in this world.
Perhaps your disrespectful, snarky tone has something to do with @POTUS not responding?
