As a HC professional working w patients I can't wrap my head around why these small group of mostly men would want to do such harm to pple
It's a "punish the poor for being poor" mentality that requires you see all people who are less fortunate than you as leeches on your $$.
It's not just poor on ACA and Medicaid. There r plenty of middle class and upper middle class on ACA. Some people are still paying 1/2 of
Budgets on copays, treatments & Rxs. Big elephant in room is no matter what type of policy in place until u address rising costs of HC & RXs
medical care in US always going to be high. Also a lot of elderly on Medicaid who r in SNFs make more money than cut off for Medicaid & have
SOC in SNFs. All their money goes to nursing home care with nothing left over. The middle class will shrink even more under this new plan.
The middle class will shrink even more under this new plan.
Wasn't that always a GOP goal as well? It's 1 of multiple guaranteed ways to redistribute wealth.
This is intellectually dishonest
Are points in this summary of CBO report false, out of context, or otherwise misleading?
Yes, very. Great example is "1/2 pop won't have access to essential benefits"
Well, essential means different things to diff people. Bottom line: BCRA essentially tax cuts at expense of vulnerable. Want real discussion
Trumpkins will call this fake news even though Death Panels seemed realistic to them
Summary: the electorate is screwed. #votethemout #TheResistance #gopdeathcare
I love my Seniors and I won't let Medicare or Medicad become history!  #resist!
But on the upside, the tax breaks for the rich mentioned at the end of Andy's list are sure to boost the job market. Oh, wait ...
And it's not just jobs. Middle class income dropped under GOP's trickle-down policies, rebounded under Obamacare, and GOP wants to go back.
https://twitter.com/Loca2733Mc/status/880595652551602176 …
Obama made America great again. Donald Trump is making America poor again?
Brave Men Whisper, Cowards R loud!

.@Potus is NOT tough! He can't rise above the insults & lead like @Potus44 did.…
At my job which I am a truck driver. Insurance for a family is $360 every two weeks. That's ridiculous. Obamacare has to change.
IMO, all gov't employees should have same health ins that gov't offers US citizens. THAT is best inducement to creation of a fair plan. 1/2
Horse shit man!  This is the same BS that's been getting spewed even before anything was released.  Try again!
rt  here is a new
ɹʇ  ɥǝɹǝ ᴉs ɐ uǝʍ
summary of the health
snɯɯɐɹʎ oɟ ʇɥǝ ɥǝɐlʇɥ
@what_itissbaby @ASlavitt
thats not the cbo report thats a left report #falsebigly
@LLaws2 @matbo2 @herrick_a  It's the John Burch Society aka Koch Industries' Forced Institutional Degeneration of American Society!
@NeilStandish @MsRock4Ever @vividiaz1126 Start with Trump's destruction of Moral Values and crass disrespect of other Countries' Leaders
Followed by being hostile towards almost every sector of our Society, while approving the long dormant open Racism in the Country
I agree with most but the racism has not been dormant just hiding in the closet.
"Racism dormant"? He's chronically disrespected Muslims, Blacks, Women, Jews, Mexicans,etc. He's just evil!!
Agreed!

Koch Suckers Hold Back Campaign Cash Until Obamacare is Gone 

(Yeah, I said it. Get over it!)

…
Horrible
Lol. Still laughing. If I wrote up the benefits of govt out of healthcare-you'd run without like gospel, too. Govt hc is horrible. Must go!!
V helpful. Will pass on. Who best to contact n D.C.?
22 million uninsured, keep the current plan and then the people insured will go broke
That includes the senate and congress.If it's good enough for us, it's good enough for them. No special deal 4 elected officials.
Good! Get it done!
GOP have cut Educ by another 14% this year, and they KEEP giving Corp Ins. $$ to "help them", but people DIE.Medicaid is phased out totally.
Well, the projected benefits from Obamacare never materialized for me. Care got worse, premiums went up. Don't paint with such a broad brush
so fix the ACA. go for single-payer. what they are pushing is a massive tax cut with even worse insurance attached to it.
one would think that would be the logical solution. modify, not destroy.
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS @VP @KellyannePolls 
@seanhannity @DonaldJTrumpJr @EricTrump 
@IvankaTrump @GOPPollAnalyst  @jessebwatters
Pitiful...Congress is just as much a disgrace as Trump.
After all this defunding takes place, jobs will be lost. Facilities and providers won't be paid
we're not going anyplace on HC until an ethical group of senators sit down with Buffett & discuss the priceless benefits of single payer!
Message to boomers: Be gone by 80 yrs old.
@JoyAnnReid I'd be embarrassed to even propose this as health care.
It's very helpful, but I wish the last heading said something like "Life will be better for a few, worse for most"—some/others too neutral
Not good.
An age tax for those over fifty? So now we have the government and the health insurance companies in between us and our HC? Old pay more?
and ur answer is the ACA get to work and work with Toomey to make the bill better...quit complaining.
Accurate helpful summary on one page suitable for POTUS to review
This is not only giving more money to people who already have too much at the expense of all of our LIVES, it's also a pre-BAILOUT of 1/
the Insurance carriers since most will close from the loss of most of their customers who will be priced out of buying. Most companies 2/
will close from that level of revenue loss. But the most repulsive part is rewarding the GOP Governors who refused the Federal Medicaid- 3/
expansion money & this bill give them MONEY for letting their constituents die. #GOPGenocide4MoneyBill 4/4
Only 1 Insurance Co has endorsed it because most of them know the entire industry will collapse if this passes & take the economy with it.
What about Medicare? With the taxes gone supporting it won't it end sooner like the house bill?
The only line that matters is insurance company es are against it. That means it's better for us...period.
Those who financially support parents/in laws as well as their immediate family will be exponentially hurt
What-the-hell-is-that?
EVIL.
Wow
Thank you!
Great summary of a very bad bill...SOME PEOPLE WILL DIE WHILE OTHERS GET RICH...
#SaveOurCare
...correction *RICHER*
@soledadobrien Take a look at this list.
If the GOP thinks this is such a great plan why did they vote to keep the current plan they're all on currently for themselves?
If all those cut off Medicaid especially those in states with large number of Medicaid enrollees vote Dem in 2018 Dems take over both houses
Needlessly cruel
Prints too small and pale for us older folk, do you  have a big print series? Our premiums are going thru the roof!
#MAGA #TrumpTrain #TrumpMeetUp #DonTheCon #TrumpVotersRecoveryNetwork
@ericbolling @seanhannity  @CoryBooker  Liars Figure and Figures Lie So lets see what Bull Crap we have here is there any that you can see?
Without medicaid & ACA people with heart failure would be in and out of hospital over and over our die. My patients are asking what's next?
Please go see Sen. Murkowski's statement on removing the burdensome EPA rules.  I responded ppl & hospitals will die
due to 0 medicare/caid
This looks like another Ef You, GOP pile of crap.    #FNC @CNN @MSNBC @Reince @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr.  #HellNO!
I can summarize it in two words: Death Care
WTF
@SenateGOP doesn't realize is by cutting mental health care we could see more mass shootings. Suicidal/homicidal is a real threat.
And as I've already told all of them, those deaths will be on their heads. As if they actually give a shit. 
This is a HUGE TAX CUT/ENTITLEMENT FOR THE 1% financed on backs of poor, middle class, elderly, sick, & disabled.
So what else is new?
Keep Medicaid for the truly disabled and vulnerable.  Obama opened it up to able bodied lazy people.
is the "Medicaid" column applicable to Mcare AND Mcaid? Am on Medicare/cancer. Pls reply??
Horrifying!!!
What do I do with it if it's unhelpful propaganda?
@SenateDems this is awful.
Lies
Andy - does the Senate plans have any stop loss limits? If not, with only 58% paid, that will be insane coinsurance for anything significant
It's a D. E. A. D. Bill
Basically put this bill runs against the very meaning of insurance and works agains the sick and the elderly. Heatlhcare? Really?
Looks like winning*

*if you are tool of the 400 multimillionaires
Thanks you so much Andy! You know this summary will never be discussed or shown on FAKE news .@FoxNews  #TrumpcaresUnAmerican
Maga?
Don't mess with Dr. E! He loves himself some good healthcare!
Why no mention of Medicaid caps?
Re those "double" deductibles: ~ 50% in marketplace are under $1000
http://xpostfactoid.blogspot.com/2017/06/trading-medicaid-coverage-for-av-58.html …
That looks outdated
likely to be substantially similar this year -- overall CSR takeup has varied little.
The chart's missing the 6 mo waiting period. ...
I heard that could even extend up to 18 months?
They'll see to it that Boomers never reach 80. #deathpanel
At this rate, we'll all be lucky to see 70. Unless we kill ourselves out of desperation first.
I don't trust GOP to leave current benefits in tact. I literally retired 5 days ago after 45 yrs of work.
Congrats! I truly hope you get to enjoy it!  I've been forcibly retired by the hidden curse of being over 50, but under 65. Now THAT bites.
oh no, good luck
Thanks! I'm sure going to need it.
I mean, the *bill* is immensely UNhelpful, but the summary is great!
Well sure costs will go down eventually if you don't cover anyone for anything, but at that point are you even providing healthcare?
Our government is filled with creatures of the night, swamp dwellers and ignorant but evil billionaires; we have no saying in health care.
Very. Thank you.
It's genocide.
We wouldnt even be in this shituation if you did half of what you're doing in scrutinizing shitty Obombacare.
Ok, that's the bill and it won't pass. How about spending some time fixing shitty Obamacare?
Andy, thanks for keeping us informed as it is really a great deal to digest, daily. Keep up the great work.
We deserve the same healthcare as Congress! @SenateGOP @SenateDems #SaveACA #ProtectOurCare #ProtectTheTruth #ProtectACA #TheResistance
Andy, doesn't mention preexisting conditions or I missed it. What effect?
You're done. That's the effect.
And yet a whopping 17% of Americans say they like it.
Which insurance company endorsed this dumpster fire?
I wish every Senator had to share a list like this to explain their reasons for all their votes.
The last item lists 'patient group's twice. Should one be physician groups?
I'm from Sweden with our universal healthcare and seeing this horror of a bill makes me feel for you Americans. Stand up, stay strong.
We will, if these greedy bastards don't kill us all off first. 
This is what happens when a handful of the most privileged people on the planet by luck of birth think they've earned their positions.
It would be helpful if there was a citation for the info somewhere. Is one available?

They would ban even private insurance companies from offering insurance to cover abortion, making that coverage almost impossible to buy.
Still sucks
This is extremely helpful! I've plastered it all over social media.
Thanks for this!
Andy, since this is typed into some document, can you share URL of document? Impossible to read on mobile. Makes it accessible to all. Thx!
also very useful for source document to be listed
It is #OUTRAGEOUS #AHCAKills
Where are the people defending this bill? I can find literally nobody who is supportive other than stating it's not Obamacare (it's white)
Obama made ACA @RepublicanB4Hil prayed it would fall apart. The  unfriendly ACH(ellNO)A shot down by their own big guns. Trick 3 Jul/August
Holy Hot Cheetos!
Among key benefits lost is coverage for maternity care; something 80% of females (& partners) consider most essential. #rejectTrumpcare
I heard it covers erectile dysfunction though. Does anyone know if that's true?
How to kill people without firing a bullet. Clever indeed.
This is absolutely abysmal 
THIS>>>
An age tax for those over 50. For those on a fixed income this is brutal.
Nice phrase: "age tax"
Can you explain the 4 million with employer insurance losing coverage that is the 1st I have seen that anywhere seems important? Thx
It eliminates the penalty for employers of a certain size that don’t provide insurance to workers, so employers can opt out of offering
..insurance to employers. CBO predicts 4 million people with employer based insurance could lose their coverage
*Insurance to employees. Sorry it's late.
OBAMA DID IT...
Incredibly helpful! TY for posting.
Quite helpful!
This is nauseating. Only people it really helps are the rich.
EXACTLY! TRUE COLORS being shown!
READ why this bill is a death sentence.
This is the epitome of the "rigged system" Trump ran against. If it passes we will witness the biggest bait and switch in political history.
This shows how Trump and his cronies are only looking out for themselves & the rich ppl like them.  How does this make the USA great again
It doesn't. But what made you think they ever cared about that? They only want to make themselves great. WE can go hang, for all they care.
unbelievable that this is even being considered and sold to the American people. #saveourhealthcare
Would appreciate data on Women's health in there. Since we're... half the country.
Which insurance company endorsed the Bill?
Helpful. So appreciative of your work
Thank you
I love this. What is the source so I can share?
Who is the one major insurance company supporting this bill? Does anyone know?
The wsj had the article. I had never heard of them but I guess their CEO got a 47m bonus last year.
Which insurance company endorsed?
Trump fans will just nod in unison and say "Yup, yup, yup". 
Then blame Obama when they can't afford to go to the doctor.
Is it possible the republicans just forcing ppl to do away with insurance and just negotiate the price directly with the provider...?
Doctor's groups area also uniformly opposed
I'm in a state that would benefit (+$20B). I can imagine that will translate to votes/support back home for some authors of this tragedy. 
… then gradually reduce as benefits reduce and low-income ppl die off because they were forced to drop insurance they could no longer afford
@SenatorTimScott in case you need a breakdown of the healthcare bill!
This is good look at all the X's that are going away
This is just hard to read.  Makes me sad.  States are going to be able to do much.  If Rs hadn't opposite ACA would be in states now.
Hahahah what a shitshow
Questions: 1) pre-existing condition issue not discussed in summary (It think); 2) which half of population will have lifetime caps imposed?
The half who need it the most, of course.
Would be a good bill if, instead of cutting Medicaid they turned it over to the states and left other parts of the bill in place.
Wow. The @gop are disgusting people & karma will not be well to them!
Too bad that none of us will be left to see it...
What's an "age tax"?  Sounds bad.
It is. The older you get, they more you'll have to pay.
...*the* more you'll have to pay.
Andy - What can you tell us about this bill's potential impact on MediCARE?
Helpful and so depressing.
So states that excluded its citizens from the new Medicaid permissions will get bonuses? "Do the right thing: kill your poor."
Now lets look at Obama care?
These figures _are_ in comparison to Obamacare. When it says “higher deductibles” or “fewer insured,” that is relative to Obamacare.
They had seven years to do their homework and waited till the night before
Honestly I think they thought the public wuld welcome repeal of ACA. GOP have spend years calling it a failure. When it's not
Isn't there also a one-year defunding of planned parenthood?
the GOP should just admit they support two systems/countries - one for the rich and one for everyone else.  Why poor vote for them is odd
Do the rich not realize the poor outnumber them and money won't keep ten safe... People will die die to new healthcare act, and their family
Won't really be too happy to find out why, then multiply it by 20 million people, 20million families... They think people were mad before..
There is one major insurance co  supporting this death bill? I must have missed that announcement.
Of course, they will be getting all the people dropped from Medicaid who can afford to buy, can put in caps,  charge older more, tax cuts...
Call it what it is = #wealthcare
So, if you're a governor, who didn't expand Medicaid, you're getting a "big reward?" How thoughtful!
@JohnCornyn 
I don't know why its being called a "health care" bill. Where is the care for people's health in this?
Add the AHA and the AMA oppose. 4 M employees is first yr only--req't that employers provide ins. is deleted. Congress exempted from bill.
Of course they are. They've got a platinum plan all their very own. God forbid they muck around w/ the common herd. 
It sounds like they are bribing the Senators who are voting for it.
Many already took millions 4 a yes vote
This wouldn't be happening if HILLARY was president. She would have vetoed this bill on the spot. Thanks, Stein/Bernie or Bust wing!
conveniently ignoring, as usual, that the vast majority of sanders supporters voted hillary
Who is the insurance company supporting this?
Just a thought
I'm all for revamping/revising/fixing Obamacare. But this bill does not do that - it just makes everything worse.
If actually improving the healthcare system in America was the main goal... revamping/revising/fixing ACS would be a good place to start.
Self driving trucks and the 3 million truckers ? Not going to be the case in 2026
Without knowing the underlying assumptions of the model how can we analyze -foreseeable job loss due to tech may mean larger Medicaid groups
Really surprised that no one has brought up the word "CULL." Because sure what it looks like Lose the weak members of society to improve.
Exactly. They want to "thin out the herd". Maybe they should start w/themselves. #oldwhitemen
excellent idea
Andy - I've read it ; tells us what they found but not how they got there aside from one reference to a micro simulation of subsidy effects
I'm so ashamed of these people.
