You have been strong against Gorsuch. But Please. More glitter and distraction. #trumprussia #EmolumentsClause  There is a conman in the WH
I'm not a fan of Trumps @ all, but action should have taken place a lot sooner in Syria.
Sorry, Senator, I disagree. It was a smoke screen and accomplished nothing more than distract us from 45.
I don't know the number of civilians not at war but innocent and living in Hell on Earth.  Can there be a separate state developed?
Go back to bed, Bob.  Don't forget get that resume updated!!
Nope. They were empty and symbolic.
And you were doing so well. This was theater meant to distract.  Don't fall for it.
He won't.  He is on the #Resist Team.
Mr. Casey, are you saying that a President no longer needs congressional approval to attack a foreign nation?  That's a big change.
And I want an answer- from you.  I am your constituent.  Time to reply.
And you forgot to add ineffective. Less than 12 hrs launched strike from same airfield.
No. More bombing isn't going to fix it. There was no congressional approval. They were NOT appropriate actions. I'm disappointed in you.
Thanks for spending $149,050,000 in one night. Yet we can't support PBS or Meals on Wheels?!
Senator Casey supports funding for PBS, Meels on Wheels, CHIP, etc.  Also supports humanitarian efforts.
No, it was a meaningless publicity stunt:

Given just how bad things have been going in Syria, I wish that I felt confident that we have a sensible strategy to end this endless war.
It's just too bad that #BarackObama  consulted the knuckleheads instead of just acting on his instincts in 2013
Agree but what motivated POTUS?  This will always be questioned as long as he hides, lies, bends laws, cheats.
Exactly.
please don't do or say anything to collaborate with potus.
No need for pesky Congressional approval? #pa10
Why not build a coalition first?! Or is it America Alone now?!
I do not agree. 
The United Nations Council addresses war crimes. The UnitedStates is not the judge and jury for the world. 
HumanitarianAid
Why did he let Russia know but not congress? Why didn't he take out the runway & control military air traffic?! was it for Russian aircraft
I too agree there has to be a response to the horrific killing.  Wish we could give safe haven without getting into war.  Safe State?
maybe. But they were senseless and irritating. And failed.
Maybe. It depends on what happens next. And is it true Russia knew an hour before it happened?
While I concede a fair amount of personal gratification from the strikes, no congressional approval and no real plan or strategy behind them
But completely ineffective, orchestrated by Putin, and another smokescreen by Trump to distract from negative news.
While I agree with need to strike against Assad I wish @realDonaldTrump would have consulted Congress first per law. #SyriaStrikes
And did minimal damage: no planes or landing strips destroyed; Russians given time to evacuate. Drumpf is a traitor
No, the missile strikes accomplished about as much as taking a leak on that runway. It expressed disapproval to someone who could care less.
The President cannot act without consent of Congress.  Instead, he chose to consult with Russia.
Omg. Bob gets it! Thanks
I agree. We need to protect & defend the innocent. Wish there'd been congressional approval B4 the fact, though.
against the regime?   Hmm
& done 2try &distract from scandals. Let's b clear; unless he changes his views on refugees he's just looking out 4himself. Don't b fooled.
And now the question must be posed: what is next?
I'm glad Hillary suggested them.
However the manner in which they were done is wild and extremely concerning.
Why didn't #45 seek Congressional approval for the missile attack?
Thank you sir, now that is indeed how I see it as well
The American people really, really don't want this. It will embolden ISIS, further heighten tensions with Russia, and cost trillions. Stop.
Were they legal?  Reports this morning suggest they may not have been.
I do agree, however, that a large humanitarian effort is needed on the ground, and I don't see Trump doing that anytime soon.
I appreciate your thoughts. I have been struggling with how I feel because I do agree the strikes were appropriate. Thanks your tweets!
why did Obama have to get congressional permission <denied> but trump didn't have to get permission?
no they weren't, senator. please don't support this.
Bullshit.
Copy that;
Yeah sure! Who called Putin so the Assad military was pulled out before the bombings? Children and civilians were killed not the murders!
At the risk of sounding crazy, how can we be sure this wasn't an orchestrated distraction between Russia and Trump?
5. @SenBobCasey Worse is the depth of the hypocrisy that shuts down a refugee program and then is horrified when possible refugees die.
I agree.. however the way I  which this was carried out is worrisome, putin gets call, putin calls assad. But Congress sees it on the news
I think opening US borders to Syrian refugees is more appropriate.
This was all for show. Putin/Assad knew, moved vital people, etc., prior to strike. Then faked anger. All a game. #TrumpFail #syriastrike
4. @SenBobCasey It is unacceptable for a President to act unilaterally in matters of war. It was wrong when Obama did it in Libya as well.
$150+ million better spent elsewhere.
3. @SenBobCasey Furthermore, the strikes have antagonized Russia, who will likely respond by increasing military aid to Assad.
This was not appropriate. This was a distraction from ongoing investigations. He wants his approval up by using war tactics. It is not ok.
This administration is using brute force and theater instead of diplomacy to solve problems. It won't work.
2. @SenBobCasey These strikes were not authorized by Congress and do not reflect the will of the American people.
1. @SenBobCasey Really disappointed to see you tweet this after you've been such a strong progressive voice since Trump took office.
Why did he inform Russia of the attack before it happened?
There is a BIG IF...IF Assad did the Chem.attack? I don't see his motivation to doing so after Tillerson reversed policy on his regime? DO U
Thank you for a fair assessment, not simple partisan contrariness.
Did we destroy the chem weapons? No. The runway? No. It was theater & pretty useless. But it helps the Russian economy bc oil $ is up.
I am sorry to hear you say this Senator. many Democrats will disagree. Let's hope #POTUS will turn to Congress for further guidance.
Maybe. But how can you support the lack of congressional approval?
Thank you for sharing this point of view, Sen Casey. Glad to see Assad punished, but have no faith/trust in @POTUS motives #TrumpRussia
We don't want to get dragged into another military industrial complex project.
No they weren't. Casey, your seat will be in trouble if you keep this up.
And a PR stunt approved by PutinDaddy #dontbefooled
Wrong bob. don used bomb strikes to deflect from his Russian collusion dishonesty. don didn't suddenly feel compassion.
No, they weren't. No congressional authorization? President can bomb at will without compelling national interest?
Senator, I'm going to need to hear more from you on this bc I'm not so sure I agree. What about congressional approval? And warning Russia?
we're fuckedddd
Stop wasting our tax dollars funding an endless war!!!
Thanks Bob, now about that Supreme Court judge. How about a yes vote
Thank you for your support of our President, we need to end terrorism.
huh?
But what comes next?  

Civilians killed with artillery are just as dead as those killed by chemical weapons.
Not sure I agree on this. There is a reason we did not intervene in 2013. What is our end game?
I was so on your side until this. Democrats are all neoliberal capitalist hacks.
Except he bypassed Congress, which seems to be a theme lately. Unconstitutional attack.
Even the forewarning so his Russia. buddies can evacuate?
agree.
We know he didn't have congressional approval. We know he blasted Obama for doing the same thing. We know he couldn't find Syria on a map
