KKK rally planned Saturday in southern Lancaster County; Friday teach-in organized in response http://dlvr.it/P95wy9  
We respect their constitutional right to free speech, but they don't represent the people of #PA16 at all!
freedom of speech is not freedom from consequences, however. Masks and hoods in public protest should be banned
Banning any form of expression-even if deplorable-begins the erosion of liberty. I respect right of KKK to assemble, but will stay far away.
for the record - I didn't say ban the protest. I said ban the hoods when engaging in public protest.
Cindy, banning hoods puts us on dangerous ground. What gets banned next? Free speech must be absolute. Once regulated it's no longer free.
agree its a fine line/slippery slope but with rights come responsibilities. Does right to speak = right to speak anonymously?
I'd say based on constitution, anon speech is protected. Anon speech would include speech on FB and twitter under a pseudonym.
Agreed. But how about the Amish who beat their horses to death?
Democrats talking about a twisted ideology. Liberal fascists have zero room to talk about other people and what's twisted!
This is awful.
This is awful, but thanks for letting people know.
Would you say "it's their right" if ISIS wanted to march?
Great question. These people stand for repression.
Wait a minuet Senator,isn't Lancaster Democrat majority,the Klan was born out of the Democrats,Senator Byrd ring any bells,Grand Wizard Byrd
As sad as it is, unfortunately in PA there are too many people that this group does represent!  That's partly why trump won in PA
What's happening in my state? Where are the haters coming from?
They've always been here. Now emboldened by Trump.
yea the kkk is made up of democrats
You cannot rewrite the Democrats history, your party OWNS & gave birth to the KKK!
That fact lives in our USA history, plain and simple Bob.
You willing to say same thing @SenToomey ?
Great question. Senator Toomey?
Such a terrible hate group. Do they have any idea how ridiculous they look?
Freedom of speech should not apply when your statements/beliefs decriminate others!
Hate will never overcome love. Only if it is fed! Don't feed the beast...
Tell them to stay in Maryland
Actually this group of boobs in bedsheets is from PA East Coast Knights of the True Invisible Empire; Girardville
Buffoons
there are laws under the Patriot Act for these kinds of people.  Domestic Terrorism.  Use the law to rid the hate!
They're not practicing  religion, KKK is a hate group,they promote fear&violence. Our kids have a right not to feel threatened
Correct! And thanks for being on the #right side.
The kkk are terrorists. I wish people would call them such.
Yes, you're right, Janette. They resort to hatred, violence, and terrorism.
Trump is looking for a hood to hide under about now. Keep up the fight
As a PA lifelong resident, it represents too many of us. These hate groups have to be addressed by our leaders. #shameful
Exactly what I said, unfortunately PA has a larger white nationalist population than people realize!  It makes me very sad
Bob dont forget your party OWNS the hateful group! KKK is the original hate, terror group birthed by Democrats. That fact will never change!
Trump supporters
Horrible
Not in my PA.  Not in our beautiful Lancaster County.  They're a tiny minority, hiding.
Dem. Are a hateful group what the difference
Cudos Senator. Any other hateful groups you would like to call out or are they the only one you can think of?
Exactly protest their hate with our message , in person if we have.  Hate has no place in PA
We BLACK Panthers gotta get back together
The very fact that they feel comfortable marching is terrible enough. Please stand up to bullies. Stand up to Trump.
Most of us would like to believe the KKK no longer exists but the reality is there are hate-promoting human beings in the USA and the world.
Hate to see this happening in the state I grew up in:(
Would it be illegal to fly over the gathering and drop rainbow confetti and inflatable unicorns?  Asking for a friend...
And trump will be there
That's horrible. Not in PA!
Amen
No it does not. An these boobs are supposed to appear where I live in Quarryville. Ugh
Well said .
It appears to be the local chapter of the Make America Great Club(Formerly the KKK).

Isn't that you and Schumer? 3rd from the left there.....
How embarrassing for Pennsylvania
Disgusting.
There's too much of this ridiculous crap going on in this country. People need to grow up. Stupid old white men not getting their way. Whaaa
Which hood is Trumps?
Very good!
Sad day for beautiful Lancaster County PA. Dare these #Loosers to set food in Philly #Chickeshit #Redneck #Racists
I was just thinking the same thing...come on over here to Philly.
Here in the south we call days like that "Wednesday."
I think you mean the liberal progressives.

U libtards should go take a long look in the mirror before u judge others as haters.
Thank you, Senator. These people are a minuscule minority, and only serve to remind the rest of us how important equality is.
They're just vestigial likes our tails just to remind us where we came from and where they should go back to
I'm curious to know how the KKK hasn't been categorized as a terrorist sect yet
Their chief spokesman now occupies the White House.
Why did the Democrats ever create such a group?
They feel welcome because our state sadly voted Trump into office. This is disgusting and embarrassing.
Again...it's a democrat based group:). Always have been and always will.
Senator,I respectfully disagree; while it may not represent many, it does unfortunately from my past experience, represent a number of folks
This group better not head to the 'burgh...'yinzers won't put up with these jagoffs
Well, there goes my trip to Lancaster this weekend. I refuse to be anywhere near that!  Sick.
Wtf?????? Welcome to trump and Putin's America. Smh #ComeyMemos
Did you stand with him eight months ago?
Troll 
100% troll
Real resurgence in KKK and other bigot activity in the last couple of years. Trump has given us permission to be our worst selves. Shameful!
They also passed out hatefull paperwork in Glenside and destroyed a Jewish cemetery this week.  But you are right.  This isn't who we are
What a bunch of jerks!
