Trump threatens to use Obamacare payments as bargaining chip http://politi.co/2o7IHNn  
Why didn't you fix it when you had the chance? You can pay my husband's $5000 deductible which we never had pre Ocare.
In case you've forgotten, GOP has had the majority and refused to do anything to improve on ACA. Point the finger where it belongs.
You must not understand the ACA. The entire infrastructure of it is crumbling. Only option is to incorporate 2 or 3 popular items.
It is crumbling because insurance companies are holding it hostage. They withdrew after a year of record breaking profits.
And we taxpayers paid them loss money. GOP Congress denied funding for that risk corridor in bill, but Obama pulled $$ elsewhere & pd them.
We didn't need to. Profits up 8% over 2014. But GOP Govs wouldn't put foot down & Obama stepped in.
Just what did Obama step in to do and what foot didn't GOP govs put down? You must be reading HuffPo, masters of deception.
He has no soul if he's willing to gamble with people's lives. Sen Casey-fight the good fight for PA. I'm with you
Oh it's worse than that.
ISSUE IS NON-NEGOTIABLE; ANY DEMOCRAT WHO DOESN'T ADVOCATE 4 SINGLE-PAYER IS A FRAUD &A JOKE. Single Payer is a good Litmus Test 4 DEMS.
Pls keep saying NO to GOP's horrible policies. Reinforcements coming; stay strong. TY
lol GOP'S horrible policies you people kill me name 1 good policy from the corrupt obama admin
When can America expect 1 st check from Mexico paying for asinine "Wall"?
doesn't matter who pays for it it's common sense build it and we save billions no more free rides
T said long & loud Mexico is paying for it so - show me the $$$$$
I agree he should not bail out the Dems on a dying healthcare program
if it's so great why all the subsidies? Everyone knows it's a mess and will destruct
He does not act in the best interest of American citizens.  He is an enemy of the people.  What do we do about that?
Use the 2nd amendment?
I was thinking more like a nationwide march for impeachment.
Arrest him and his Republicans.
Dems insisting on 2018 for moral superiority are cowards
WE are not bargaining chips. Access to healthcare is the difference between life and death for many people. Resist, persist, & insist!
But he won't be paying the billionaire execs who provide no healthcare and they have to deny treatment.
Trump played with people's lives and livelihoods in his own business. Right-wingers gave him the mandate to do it on a larger scale.
Well, Trump does have a history of not paying people who did work for him!  Some, I guess, call that good business or a negotiation tactic.
Only negotiating strategy he knows, withhold payment. Like a toddler holding their breath. Incredibly immature
Does that include the Obamacare provider that covers Knox County, Tennessee?  Oh, wait. There isn't one anymore. 
#RepealOnly. No replace.
New flash he doesn't give a shit
Obamacare is your fault, bob. Yet you're unwilling to step up and be accountable.
Trump's been playing with people's lives his entire adult life Now he's playing with people's deaths & probably having the time of his life
It's past time to develop a digital and media message strategy predicting the consequences and placing responsibility at the Jefferson desk.
Why don't you arrest him and your Republican buddies?
"everyone's asking me about how I took the poor people's health care... well I did it while having the most spectacular eggplant parmesan"
That's ridiculous! He would never eat eggplant parm. :)
So sad that our president is such a manipulator
good u people don't do anything unless forced to...poster children for disfunctional
Please fight this with all your might. We are counting on you, and we have your back. Thank you.
STOP DEFENDING ACA. Have the guts 2 push 4 Single Payer &oppose Insurance lobby. #SinglePayer #Tulsi2020 #Demexit #NeverHillary
He has means 2 sabotage O'care, as can Insurers by raising rates. If u don't have courage 2 stand up 4 Single Payer, then ur FULL OF HOT AIR
@politico  You will pay, if you undercut our health insurance laws, so you can say, see I told you,
like saying you are going to have a broken window, then use a hammer to break it.
Wouldn't it be against the law to stop the payments?
Maybe he can just take it from other programs like Freddie/frannie?
He is one scary dude.
Callous but par for this golfer's course.
I agree with you. Do something about it.
Then do something about it bob
Trump's a cruel abominable person
Casey what you and the democratic's done to the American people with Obamacare should be prosecuted shame on U
@dkhtx @realDonaldTrump Cynical and just plain cruel.
Let him try
Haha.. Its a stiry from politico with 3 sources... Now thats funny!
Agreed. But Dems need to stay firm and let him own his decisions. He bluffs. He is more concerned about long term effect on his branding
Another dictator threat. He needs to go!!!
you ruin people's lives when you passed obamacare without reading the bill,do you think we forgot?gone in 2018
He can't walk away like bankruptcy. Gov't has promised payment, he wants appearance of a gain so it's not his total loss don't fall for it!
He show's no qualities of a leader let alone a president. SAD.
How can this be legal?
Accountability for US healthcare plan = current President + government officials.  Healthcare = #livesmatter Republicans AND Democrats
How would you know bobby?
@politico Everything he does is nothing more than an attempt to get attention off his connections with Russia
The tangerine monster is using classic abusive behavior
Can't someone DO SOMETHING about him
Just so you understand, Mr. T, we will fight tooth and nail to turn Congress blue and take away your ability to hurt people.
Talk about cynical --Bobby , your PC agenda
Can we threaten not to pay our taxes if he doesn't listen?
Isn't that some form of treason since it violates the oath he took? What can be done if he pursues this vile strategy?
Dear Senator:
Make a video of sick & Dying American children due to lack of health care.
Send it to Ivanka.
BRAVO!!!!!!!!
"[The President] shall take Care that the Laws be faithfully executed."
He's evil
Doesn't sound like a very "America First" stance. Stand your ground! America doesn't negotiate with terrorists.
#faux45 doesn't care who he screws over! He is only in it 2 line his pockets! NEVER A REAL PRESIDENT! ONLY A CORRUPT LUNATIC!
Scoring political points? That's all you've been doing lately.
Weird, I didn't see this from you when Obama threatened to default on the national debt #beconsistent
Please stand strong for us! This is disgusting.
Don't forget, he hAs the nuclear codes, and by now Putin probably does too. End game.
Vile man
It's dangerous and offensive. Our health is not a chit in Republicans' political games
I hope that Obamacare stays in a couple yrs no one will have any insurance can't afford it now
democratic's screw it up and republicans fix it up
Could not agree with you any LESS, John
@GOP has WH,majorities in Senate & House;STILL could not pass AHCA..so will actively destroy rather than fix ACA,,,willing to let people die
it's destroying it's self self destructing and your blaming republicans lol your joking right
We need to get him out.
Senator Casey, you are my senator and I thank you!  You have been diligent and persistent, resist! Guide us!
Casey sided with the most corrupt administration in history and voted to shut down coal miners
Keep calling him out. Make sure he bears responsibility for his vicious behavior.
who was calling out the most corrupt administration in history shows where your morals are
and it will back fire, as I and others read this article and know his horrible plan. I blame 45, loser!
Calling it cynical is too generous.
And you passed the Obamacare hot mess in the first place. You put millions of lives at risk.
Call his bluff  no R will get elected 18 if he does it
Blackmail runs through his vains that and cholesterol What with that golfing waist
and beautiful chocolate cake and trying to humiliate every person he meets. .
