I live in a rural area in upstate NY. My neighbor is disabled and has a confederate flag hanging outside. Screw them.
@Kenshiro73 @MSNBC Sad to say those rural areas theyll get what they voted for...maybe when their kids get sick theyll realize
@lheslov @MSNBC hopefully the idiots who voted for him will lose healthcare
Not a chance.... in all likelihood more that voted for him will REGAIN the healthcare they had but can no longer afford
Regain the healthcare? Please tell me, exactly, how this bill does that. ALL premiums are going to increase. Rube.
Nvr referenced current bills. #FullRepeal. That would accomplish what I spoke of. Liked the plan I couldn't keep. Cheaper, better coverage.
@senrobportman @SenJohnMcCain @SenCapito   No way you can vote for this bill and be an honorable person. You all know that.  Stand up!
Thank you @SenBobCasey.  I"m glad there's at least one Senator for Pennsylvania I an be proud of and support.
Finally, someone said it! Extremism.
Rand Paul & Mitch McConnell represent the state that has the highest rate of cancer diagnoses. #KillingThemSoftlyWithTheirBullshit
One child out of 60 is born with Autism.  My son happens to be one of those children. This cut scares me to death about my son's future...
This depends on how you grade autism. Some children are graded that because they are hyper. Being back recess and things like that!
Another loser.

It's true, the @GOP #HealthcareBill should be called the #HealthLessBill hopefully @SenateGOP show some  and decline this disgrace
I worry most about preexisting conds, kids, elderly, mentally ill, etc. even if I'm not any of those things. I fight for what I believe in.
That's a tough job and you may see some heartbreaking situations.  Maybe those making laws should be in your shoes for a day.
What do you exspect from people who believe health care is a luxury
Well the people in rural America voted for trump, be careful what you wish for
Thank you Mr Casey for speaking out in support of the people.
same old story:
That's us, kids in rural area.
Trumputin really wants those tax cuts for himself the greedy bastard!!!
Remember these are the same people who are vowing to preserve Christianity. #HealthcareBill
That's a joke!
2 of my children have lifelong disabilities. Live in rural area of PA. Work in healthcare. Losing medicaid coverage will kill our town.
Talk about extreme terror!
Well, yeah. GOP's been extremists and radical reactionaries for at least 30 years.
Rural areas that's a huge part of his base but they'll believe Trump!
That's the problem.. The @GOP don't have a conscience
Deathcare
I like that #deathcare
they may as well make us line up to be shot, oh wait causing suffering is part of the fun

He has no clue a group of evil greedy old men and their hateful supporters are trying to take away the medicines that keeps him alive.
My granddaughter falls into both categories and I am truly scared for her future. And Toomey is our useless Senator... God help us!
While giving tax breaks to the rich.
MSNBC is fair and balanced said no one ever. Please stop treating us like we're stupid.
Unfortunately those kids' parents won't notice since they're too busy going to trump rallies and calling us libtards.
Trump doesn't care one iota, bottom line, no conscious or sense of right or wrong. You cannot reason with a deranged orangutan. #resist
Sounds like something Hitler would do.
What conscience. They are devoid of any moral fiber. God is watching you Republicans for trumpcare.
@realDonaldTrump could at least drive by on a Safari of sorts. To See the poverty stricken in there real habitat.
Republicans..insure American children!Barbaric policies will bring down a great Nation.Other developed Nations are disgusted.
Heartfelt THANK YOU to my PA Senator Casey for calling out those who drafted (PA Sen Toomey) and support this horrible bill. Fight on!
Excellent post. They've taken basic humanity and reduced it into dollars and cents. They should remember Marie Antoinette. A simple lesson.
Proud to say Sen Casey is from my district!  A sane and moral voice in the midst of the chaos.
Trump hurting the demographic that voted for him what a surprise
People tried to tell people in MO,ATL,SC not to vote republican to protect there families & from the man they wanted as pres. Oh well
Trumpcare is synonymous with "health scare". Guess the Dems have their agenda for 2018!

Republicans in charge 100% DEPLORABLE.
Thank you, Senator Casey
It is a bona fide purge by morally/financially/powerfully superior to those they have devalued as Americans. Plain & simple. Black hearted.
Makes me wanna holler... the way you do my life...
for the life of me, i can't figure out why they are doing this to their very constituency.
R's know they can get rich w/lobbyists thru this & the poorer & sicker we are the easier it is 4 secret govt.This is a war on us by own govt
No one can call my Senator quiet ever again. He is a loud advocate for the people and WILL represent PA for many years! Thank you sir.
Thanks, Patty. He's been great. Unlike others who can't shut their pie holes and do nothing! Or do real harm
I love how informed he keeps us, and how he stands up for th9ose who need it. Vets, seniors, kids... He is a huge safety net for PA.
Makes me want to vomit!
This is purely evil! You all need an enema!
Pat Toomy senator-talk to the POS
thank you @SenBobCasey -
screw you @SenToomey

Health care has always been about something bigger than politics: it's about the character of our country. https://www.facebook.com/barackobama/posts/10154996557026749 …
What's so sad is that the people defending the aca are those who may need it the least. I've always been on a great employer plan.
They Don't care about the American People only the Rich,
I am one of those people who will benefit from GOP tax breaks but I DON'T WANT THEM!! I don't want to watch ppl suffer so I can have more
A trumpie called me an idiot for voting to raise my own taxes for HC school etc. Somehow he thought he was the adult in the conversation 
yeah i saw that, republicans only want to fill their pockets off of the blood sweat and tears of everyday americans such as us
Preach Senator!
Great interview

#Qatar_funds_terror
Terrorism and Peace are like black and white. Unfortunately, there are no grey areas. What will Qatar #فضائح_جواسيس_قطر 
"...'extreme political party' wants to 'push people with disabilities off Medicaid '..."

Also push them from their wheelchairs.

1/THREAD:crunching the nums-HOW THE @GOP SABOTAGED #Obamacare EXCHANGES (which were actually GOP amendments to ACA bill) @CNN @MSNBC #AHCA 
You see @SenToomey who wrote this bill.  I didn't vote for him, but others went with the Russia/trump/Toomey train to destroy our Democracy
