Ur job is not 2 provide health "INSURANCE". Not part of your enumerated powers. #Constitution #10A  http://constitution.org/constit_.htm 
Have you stepped up to the table to work in the budget, immigration and health care reform or just provide opposition
Yet no one has addressed how the costs of uninsured will be covered. All couched in freedom to choose.
Anyone with health insurance will be paying for the uninsured, just like in the days pre-Obamacare.
I love how @SpeakerRyan ignores that fact and no one ever asks that question.
He is a pig
Worse.  He's pig excrement.
Part of me feels we are insulting the real farm pigs lol
Exactly.  That's why I said he's the excrement of a pig, not the pig itself.  I don't think pigs would object to that characterization.
Lol
Comforted? By 23 million people losing coverage? If you knew nothing more about @SpeakerRyan, you know enough with this statement.
Why does this feel like an attempt at genocide. Kill off the poor, sick and elderly. Keep children undereducated & brainwashed pro GOP.
The Sky is Falling!  RUN
Your surprised Paul Ryan made that statement?
Sad
Premiums have doubled with Obamacare! Does Sen Casey care that by January thee will be some markets without a single provider?
If Ryan is comforted, then he is one sick man.
Then get off your duff and work for "us". The people who need you are waiting for action by Dem leaders. Are you leading
Obamacare issues:
Gop removed Risk Corridor
Ins comps not collecting enuff $$

GOP wont share the cost risk instead of tax brks 2 the rich d
Comforted?  Comforted?!?! Don't make me break out my all caps.
What a weird choice of words
The cow is dry Bobbie.... you sucked the teet too long...... how about pulling money out of lesbian theater funds to help out the taxpayers
Speaker Ryan seems to be heartless.  It's time America voted for people with a moral values for all people.
Neither did the ones who lost their plans under Obamacare. Or the people who suddenly found themselves with part time jobs.
Bob, Paul Ryan is insane. There are some real issues there, extremely cruel & heartless.
Did he think it was going to be worse? Sad pathetic excuse for GOP leadership!  #Resistance
please stand up for a senator Casey my life hangs in the balance!
Comforted? Like hiding under the covers?
"Comforted"!! Let's all send Ryan a dictionary. He obviously doesn't own one!!
Ryan needs to work in the corporate world, not govt.
I think @SenToomey is comforted too for some reason
800% premium increase
The oppressed middle class in middle America who will now have reasonable premiums b/c they aren't forced 2 subsidize care 4  others is 
"Comforted" just means that he feels he can spin this crap sandwich for the poor a little bit longer.
@SenToomey @RepTomMarino I hope you will take a stand with Sen Casey against this atrocity of a healthcare bill.
Ryan's used to the word 'comfort' as in 'aid and comfort to the enemy.'
He has coverage for himself.  He doesn't care about the American people.  Shame on you, Mister Speaker!
And you don't think old b obbie boy didn't make sure he got his insurance ...huh??? How about he gets the same insurance we do ????
Blue Cross Blue Shield announced it will drop out of 32 counties in Kansas and Missouri. No plans left in Iowa bc "#Obamacare collapsing"
Ryan's comfort is very important to sick people. "Can we get you a pillow? Or perhaps a lemonade "
Bottom line: Democrats terrified this Budget will get ppl off Welfare. Less ppl on Welfare = less votes for Democrats.  Really that simple.
Medicaid goes from 389bil to 550bil in 10yrs.   How again is that a cut?
Thank you for continuing to stand up for us.
It's becoming painfully obvious that @SpeakerRyan's goal with this bill is the tax cut. That's why he's comforted. Healthcare means nothing.
Yet new Qiniac poll says 20% of Americans approve of it.  Let me guess, Trump supporters.
Errrrr muhhhhhh gerrrrrrr.  Everyone is going to die! Especially women & children.   Errrrrrrr muhhhhhh gerrrrrrrr!!!  The Russians!!!!
How are you going to handle it next year when Casey loses
Here's a whole bunch liberal snowflakes
That's because @SpeakerRyan is an idiot. Just a puppet of @realDonaldTrump our for himself and big business.
Comforted @SpeakerRyan ?  Are you kidding?  Thank you for voting no @RepCharlieDent
NOW ur gonna complain about people trying to fix the mess you made??

Admit it, you want socialized HC
I think Paul Ryan and anyone else who believes that needs a brain MRI.  Wait, will that be covered?
YOU promised coverage for All.
YOU promised rates wouldn't increase
YOU promised Ocare wouldn't increase debt
YOU promised same doctor.
LIES
This is what killing Americans looks like
you mean like ocare did in 2010? like CBO said 35M covered, annual adjusted and ended up at 5M? like ppl getting kicked off private policies
This is a terrible bill. Please do everything you can to make sure AHCA doesn't pass. From PA#16.
It barely changed; he is comforted by the savings part-more for him to pocket.
That is because @SpeakerRyan is a monster and is ok with people dying as long as he gets power and money.
O care doubled in cost Bobby --so what do you say to PA citizens ??
I don't get how he's comforted by it... I'd at least understand him arguing the specifics, but to like it?  All the more reason to #resist.
Thanks for speaking up for us Sen. Casey! & since Sen Toomey seems to be afraid to talk to his constituents, can you speak to him too?
Yep--bc of my daughter's heart condition our premiums could rise by 80% or we could be priced out altogether. No comfort for me.
Your sacred CBO report "estimated" over 30mill would go without under ACA, yet you supported it.
I'll be "comforted" when the Republicans lose their majority in the House.
Never gooing to happen Libtard
When will this whole horror story end!! Ugh
Paul Ryan is a craven, corrupt, immoral man!  We need to get these right wing "nut jobs" out of government!
@SpeakerRyan takes comfort in the warm glow of the burning tire fire that is the U.S.A. and in the smoldering wreckage of the downtrodden.
Voice of the Sheep more like it.
Light him up Governor!
not at all. Clearly we can see the @GOP's hate for all of us.
Speaker Ryan doesn't speak for America....he's a TrumpedUp Ryanized piece of betrayal.Garbage.
THAT's a gem! Ryan #AynRandianCatholicLibertarian screw poor&elderly reward rich powerful donor friends #GOPRace2Privatize  #ShameOnYouPaul
Tell the truth. Do you yell in your office when you read things like that?
Whisper-shout, like a librarian.
I'm just saying, if I were him, I'd yell. But then again my mouth wouldn't even allow me to get elected so....better he does it his way. 
Such foolish little sheep.
