
You're one of the good ones. The Repubs better realize that their supporters will call for their heads on a plate if they lose coverage.
beat the crap out of them with them off Senator Casey he's not doing his job! He said he'd destroy it
you know that's a lie,Obamacare was designed to fail to end with single payer at expense of all,so dishonest
Please @SenBobCasey don't forget @SpeakerRyan is LARGELY to blame for the disgrace of a healthcare bill
Yes he is. Impeach him senator.
Who says, it seems as if anyone says they have information, than reveal who, and it can be traced decided fake news are what.
My premiums almost doubled under Obummer so stop it rhetoric Bob.
But the wealthy get a tax cut so it's worth it to him and the GOP.
That's ObamaCrap collapsing jacka**
For real do you do any actual work all day or just bitch about trump... Get to work man I'm not paying you to sit on your ass
A healthcare bill that rewards CEOs & the wealthy is squarely a tax cut bill leaving millions without coverage!
Would you explain how since Obamacare IS doing that on it's own and has been?
Senator, evidently you haven't tried to get obamacare. if you're not absolutely poor you can't afford insurance anymore.
Speak out for us Senator Casey!
OMG Senator Casey!  Mine rose 30% last year!  Who are you kidding?  Obama's fault!
Senator My premium is $2765 per month for an HMO where I have no coverage if I leave the area.  Can't afford what I have!
Agree Senator!  thanks and keep up the fight!
Bobby boy take a chill pill and relax. You don't know what the final product will look like...
The fact tht we have ths ACA  aftr many yrs of trying makes no sense to repeal it aftr.all tht. Improving it makes better sense.
Yeah, the guy who's in office less than 4 months is responsible for the unraveling disaster you voted for and continue to defend!
Just like a terrorist;  hurt your own people, and then try and sell them, that only you can save them,  or fix it....
It's been happening long before trump got into office curtesy of the #GOP
Actually Bob, premiums were UP even before Trump was president.  Do not lie Bob, I know you're a politician and all, but it's not good.
It has gone down for the middle class and small businesses since Donald Trump took office. Needs more.
The Democratic Party sure did this to all Americans
WHO are you kidding, Casey? Do you have ANY idea what Obamacare (which you vote FOR) has done to the premiums of your neediest constituents?
Sen Casey, the Dems  destroyed health care with you as a ring leader.  Stop your lies and let's get something done!
Of course.  And he has GOP help
I read the article & most health planners + state regulators stated the Trump Admin has significantly exacerbated turmoil in the marketplace
@tribelaw This is outrageous - an incredible abuse of power. Isn't there something that can be done legally to stop this?

Premiums have been going up for quite some time before President  Trump was elected. Where have you been for the last few years.
Insurance companies are leaving states or rising premiums. Stop to them. That's the problem. Party over country influenced by Ins. Co lobist
Since they can't come up with a better Obamacare replacement, Trump, GOP continuing to sabotage ACA to drive up premiums
thank you Senator Casey! Please say more and continue to ed the public about ins cos mix in all this
Very interested to see how the "deplorables" react when they finally wrap their heads around what is being done to their healthcare
You are so full of BS it is hilarious!
Our premiums were already rising astronomically...and you did nothing. Again I ask, why aren't congress using Obamacare too? #outoftouch
The administration is a disaster from #healthCare to #Security to #Scandals.
REALLY Casey? It is Huessin Obama's plan that the premiums are http://rising.You  may be able to BS the liberals ...
But us conservatives know better
Get him Bob!!!! Single Payer system needed YESTERDAY. Especially in PA.
Senator Bob Casey is undermining the future of America with his Democratic Party stance on hindering the growth of jobs and health care
go figuire! It couldn't possibly be the greedy ins cos looking for a way to increase premiums? Dah
We knew he would. 
CBO IS COMING NEXT WEEK5/22 WILL SHOW TRUMP/GOP CARE HAS CHANGED(NOTHING) JUST REWORDED TO FL RETIRES,MIDDLE CLASS &POOR&TAX BREAKS 4 RICH
I notice you keep twerting abouy healthcare  is that because ur biggest donors are health insurers and big pharma n ur up for reelection
I have the perfect answer to it...you're all not seeing the forest for the trees...
No stupid that was Obamacare today
We need single payer to manage insurers like utilities. Basic coverage should be a right.  Healthy practices should earn credits.
Share this far and wide. Trump owns what he sabotages. #AHCA is a tax cut for that rich that will take away healthcare & make coverage worse
Saboteurs.
Sabotage, not surprising from one who would commit treason.
Your so full of it are rates went from 430 a month before Obamacare to 1750 per month what did you do about that
False. Rates were rising faster before ACA. That millions GAINED insurance (could afford it under ACA) is the bottom line measure.
GOP patriots. Top priority is to cut taxes for the 1%.
...Maybe their ONLY priority.
This is just the beginning.

I hope we can make point June 10th when we protest attempt to take ins from 24M Americans so R's can kill Obamacare https://www.facebook.com/events/1914761008768201/ …
Trump doesn't care if he ruins the American People's health insurance. Does. Not. Care.
Sorry, but this article is ridiculous. These problems existed before Trump, and "officials" in article seem to be complaining about $$$
Did you tweet that with a straight face after what you did to healthcare 2700 unread pages passed with lies and backroom deals
Amen Gerry I earned my coverage
Putin didn't invade us for our health.
hmmm, this is more disruption, seeking to cause chaos & turmoil to get people begging for any relief from problems he causes. Authoritarian
See @SenToomey this is why the AHCA is atrocious! No more legislation until after tRump is impeached and in jail #SpecialProsecutor #resist
Lieberman.  Public Option.  Enough Said.
That was happening before Trump came on the scene... disingenuous. Repeal NOBAMACARE! It's a scam to redistribute our hard earned money.
"Fake news, 7D underwater hopscotch etc" - Trump Supporter
Treasonous bastard will try to blame it on Obamacare. DJT pigshit Loon liar impeach now
He's trying to bribe insurance co CEOs. What the hell? I can't take much more of this corruption.
BASICALLY, OBAMACARE MARKETPLACES ARE DEAD!  INSURANCE CARRIERS DO NOT WANT OBAMACARE!  TOO DAMNED EXPENSIVE! NOT WORTHWHILE! BANKRUPT US CO
WRONG!  SEN CASEY, IF U KNEW ANYTHING ABOUT THE EXPENSE OF OBAMACARE AND THE WORST COVERAGE ONE WAS OFFERED, YOU ARE BARKING UP WRONG TREE!
