Trump won't commit to Obamacare insurance payments next month, Spicer says briefing. WH is using the $$$ as leverage in health care debate 
How can you possibly blame President Trump for a bill passed 6 years ago? All ACA failured belong to the Democrats.
Just stop you act like we didn't see the obstruction or the lives saved. Trump’s inadequacy is the only thing driving his obsession w/repeal
Liberals blame Bushs for everything that happened from 2000 to 2015, now blame Trump for everything that has happend from 2015 to ???
I don't blame him for anything but being a liar. From his lie a contempt among Americans has festered. It's wrong it will damage the union.
What lie? Stop deflecting.
aca has issues on its own but what they are doing exacerbates the problem. sinister.Playing games with real people's HC to justify madness
Exactly. ACA has problems but instead of addressing even one, they pull out the rug and replace it with a tax cut for ultra rich.
#Resist
A reminder that, like @TheDemocrats had in 2009, California #Democrats have a supermajority but have chosen to not pass #singlepayer.
Can't help but note @SenToomey's utter disdain for normal working Pennsylvanians. I'm almost ashamed to be a member of @GOP at this point.
The administration is doing everything it can to sabotage the ACA.
You don't need to sabotage socialism. Its born vampiric and won't survive without sucking the life out of everything else.
I pay $650 a month for single coverage. How much more can they expect me to pay?
#lieanddeny the Republican way of doing business.Dont buy a used car or a bridge,land in Florida from one of these clowns.
No they were being good stewards of our tax dollars by putting a stop to runaway government spending.
This is what happens when you have a president who is a child. Also the @GOP is st fault too. Illegitimate president out for himself
Is that why providers are leaving states, reducing citizen choices?
Baaahhh, subservient sheep!
Great Trump will leverage $$$ to better screw with the American People!!
If citizens don't obey the law we face consequences, what abt WH not paying their share (prem  subsid) under the current law, ACA? #sabotage
It amazes me how religious conservatives have no problem murdering Americans for power + money. I don't think that's in the Bible, any Bible
Ok, we know. Now what?
OCare insurance payments...elaborate! Citizens don't realize OCare pays big insurance w/ tax $$!
This is mind blowing that the @POTUS thinks he can hold Americans hostage like this. WTF is wrong with this guy.
@SenBobCasey Senator, TY for doing the people's work to illuminate the details of this draconian law
Just a further reminder that @GOP States  @marcorubio & @SenateGOP SABOTAGED Obama care by withholding reimbursements to Insurance Co.s...
Thus forcing Insurance companies into Bankruptcy or to Pulling out of States... This was PREDETERMINED & PLANNED by @GOP since Obama care...
liar
Holding sick people hostage.  That really makes America great again.  Not winning, losing.
A reminder that not only did healthcare not exist prior to Obamacare but also the sky is falling...
Please don't even try to defend Obamacare just help repair the damage
@JohnPalkovic @MichaelCBender Absolutely true. The .@gop , insurance co, and K St are purposely sabotaging ACA by defunding it
the mandates they're not enforcing partially fund ACA. The tax cut fund medicaid. Shameful
I believe that's called Malfeasance.
So let me understand this. Pass your crappy bill or I'll further weaken your LAW by not paying committed funding? Is that it? FFS
@SpeakerRyan @KellyannePolls @realDonaldTrump This.
Thanks for fighting for regular Americans especially those with disabilities and the senior population
This has ben the prob w/ Obamacare all along: the changes made by repubs dur debates were deliberately designed 2 make it fail.
Thank you Senator for this confirming info.  We know Trump and Repubs are out to totally kill ACA.  What can we do?  We need honest Congress
Blaming Republicans, the Democrats special skill. Sadly, you have people believing it to the point of murdering Republicans. Sleep well???
@MichaelCBender Does this mean I might lose my insurance next month, or be on the hook to pay the whole thing myself?

Chairman @vdigiorgio67 statement on #BCRA: https://www.pagop.org/2017/06/pa-gop-chairman-statement-u-s-senate-healthcare-bill/ … 
Yes!! People need a reminder that Trump began unraveling Obamacare as soon as he stepped into the Oval Office!
What about all of the premium increases in previous years?
So what happens to all those people depending on Govt subsidies for their insurance?
Will you please explain this to @SenToomey? Bring M &Ms to explain. His lack of Arithmetic understanding is astounding. M&M's good tool
Donald doesn't care who he screws.We pay his bills.
What about my increase under Ur watch my HC went from 500 deduct & 5000 year 2 1500 deduct & $15000 year where is my $2500 a year lower cost
Thank you so much Senator for fighting so hard against this craven evil horrible bill
When #healthcare is under attack, what do we do?!  #standup #fightback #AmericaSpeaksOut
You might get something accomplished #norecessforcongress
All you do is piss,moan and obstruct..please tell us your ideas to "fix" Obama care. If you spent as much time "working" as tweeting
Trump is really a piece of work
Yeah thank fucking obama
Trump said he would see to it that the Affordable Care Act failed! Dereliction of Duty just one more crime he is guilty of.
Doesn't matter, remember 45 can shoot someone in Time square the Rs will back him all the way.  This is beyond disgusting!
Prepare an ad in which you explain the process the administration is undertaking to sabotage our healthcare system as you did today on Cable
BOB that's the Obamacare system that you set up why is it some else's fault that you and the democrats what about the other 200% increase
A reminder to you the increases are happening because you never legally funded the health care act to start with, you just used mirrors.
Is that legal? @ACLU
This seems like reason enough for impeachment.
Can Congress write up a bill demanding the government to pay its obligations?  Its not Trump's money it's ours.
What about last year's increases?
And the last other 6 years increases
Ok, what about the last 8 years?
Try reading. Obama care has lowered the crate of premium inceases
PLEASE UR blaming Trump for "O": care , what are we to do with incompetents like you ? Vote you out
This activity should be illegal and punishable ASAP.
Scumbags. If they think we don't see what they are doing they are sadly mistaken.
Thank you, .@SenBobCasey . Buying insurance on my own (not thru employer) for 1st time at 54 and it's terrifying. Worried for the future.
Well then we have  a hostage  situation and  #45  is the terrorist holding the American People Hostage.
BS, Casey & YOU know it! ACA was collapsing & exchanges folded.THAT caused premium increases. Why lie & twist. You're hurting Pennsylvanians
Casey doesn't care. Casey did nothing for the past 8 years to address any defects in ACA. He's campaigning. Why type of ins. does he have?
You couldn't be more correct! Casey is the worst of Washington and a first rate hypocrite. He must be defeated in next election. #
The constitutional amendment for term limits is in the house committee. Please write your representative and demand it be brought to a vote.
The bill is not a "new health care system." It is tax cuts for rich people and insurance cuts for poor people. There's no "system" involved
Trying to pass this is an act of terrorism on the American people.
They will actually kill more people than the terrorists they fear.
No way - Obamacare has been failing from the start, it's all on you and your liberal buddies
So if he refuses to pay this month how many millions of people lose their coverage before this new bill is hashed out?
Sadly, facts no longer seem to matter in America.
This looks like blackmail....pure and simple. Yes or no?
Throwing good money after bad 12k deductibles =not having insurance
So even though nobody wants AHCA, the government is going to force it? This is the democracy of the U.S. now?
Well, Casey forced Obamacare on us, so yeah, probably.
There wasn’t a system in place prior. Seems stupid to tear the house down because of a leaky faucet.
But the problem is much more complex & serious than a leaky faucet. Gov't should get it right before messing w/ our lives. Today included.
Dude, it's Friday. Get a drink for Christ sake.

1/THREAD:crunching the nums-HOW THE @GOP SABOTAGED #Obamacare EXCHANGES (which were actually GOP amendments to ACA bill) @CNN @MSNBC #AHCA 
What are you're thoughts on the Judiciary investigating Lynch/Clinton?
I'm all for it. People (taxpayers) have a right to know the facts.
What do you like about the new bill? How will it help you?
Uh. Casey is talking about healthcare. Not sanctions.
