Hail Mary ACA repeal is killing the Senate’s bipartisan stabilization work http://bit.ly/2xjUrED  
This Hail Mary effort, if successful, will kill a lot more than bipartisanship. #TooStupidForNiceThings
I've been a hundred percent disabled for 25 years living on Social Security disability and ObamaCare has been a nightmare
People who receive SSDI automatically qualify for Medicare. So how exactly has ACA been a nightmare for you?
Because I was told to sign up for Medicare supplemental plan and now I'm being penalized $39.40 a month
@SenateMajLdr, this will be your legacy. A broken Congress, 32MM Americans w/o care, 30+M unnesc deaths/yr. The US wld be btr w/o yr service
Why did the @SenateDems propose a Copper plan?? Race to the bottom & opposite of what we want! Why not fight for a national Medicare Buy In?
Beyond frustrating. Exasperating. Tragic opportunity loss.
Yes, and we never want to hear Republicans whine about how Democrats won't work with them. We'll know it to be a complete lie.
Helloooo!! YOU did that by shoving the failed, unaffordable & hurtful Obamacare down the throats of America!Who do you think you're kidding?
Keep your promise @SenJohnMcCain, U said Senate should go back to regular order & this is wrong. Please vote NO, this is a horrible bill.
Actually Senator, I think your statement needs revision: @SenateGOP would rather decimate & destroy the USA.
In order to get the big payout from the Koch donor network.  #greedovergood #evilmindedgop
I have fed ret. ins. but not in same class as your lifetime ins. I pay lots more but way less then Avg people. Give everyone yours or STFU!
There's a price for not working things out why should "we the people" pay the price?
Watch this Dad say what every other American is feeling. Stop trying to take our healthcare away & start helping us! 
Compromise and compassion are nowhere to be found in the official GOP dictionary.
Would you please explain that to my senator @senrobportman ? Thanks so much!
Well yeah. Because:
I've lived on Social Security disability for 25 years I'm 100% disabled Obamacare has to go now
Why are you not on Medicare?
Who are u to talk of bipartisanship? That was stuff down our throats. Never asked once if WE THE PEOPLE wanted it.
I see they got a leash around Lamar's neck real fast!
Isn't that because the Koch brothers are overseeing this?
Where was bipartisanship before you crammed this crap sandwich down our throats? Hypocrite!
Please keep fighting for us, Senator Bob. We rely on the ACA in southeast Penn.
I wonder how Chief Justice Roberts feels about the fact that the Kochs are running this show with $400 million in "contributions"
I think it's simply a case of selling out the American people, as usual.
Yep, the @senategop is so mad that a black president was actually presidential that they're trying to roll back everything he did.

Either we destroy it now or is destroys itself a year from now. This is safer. ACA was doomed from the start.
. @realDonaldTrump
The put party above people and GREED above all.
Washington Democrats are Republicans that are better at faking concern. Why else do we not have the same healthcare coverage as Congress?
You'd have to ask the GOP which refused that
Ever get the feeling once they are elected they abandon us? They use us as pawns too?
Ever time I hear the GOP speak, not to say Dems are oh so much better.
We agree.
Isn't that the same thing the dems did with Obama care Bob? #OustBobCasey2018
If only we'd known we could have named it Koch Brothers Care or Mercer Care instead of Obamcare. Then it would have remained exactly as is.
Says a lot about how insecure they are.
For koch brothers money
Time for #Medicare4All
We have to find a way to save our citizens. I want my money to go to the state not a fake wall and wars he instigates for profit.
Oh Republicans show us bipartisanship is now DEAD. Anyone Republican should be ashamed today including Rump's tiny Base
Not only are people going 2 B homeless in Fl &Tx, they'll also have no health insurance. Good job GOP
It truly shows these Republicans are mean, heartless, self-serving men.
Perhaps they're taking your lead from 2008?
They aren't adding ppl they are taking ppl off the rolls. Understand ? Didn't think so.
My tweet referred to the senator's outrage over lack of bipartisanship but I'm ok w less govt teat-sucking! Keep up the smug dick thing tho.
Hey Bobby the liar isn't that how we got Obama care 1 sided opinions by u Nancy n little Chucky
Please put pressure on Toomey. He is deaf to the voices of his constituents.
For the price of $400M to GOP in 2018 from the Evil Koch oligarchs...who cares about hurting millions of people's lives?
thank you for fighting for us
and ur so helpful and open for new ideas..
Again,  you dems didn't care about bipartisanship when you forced obamacare on us! Shoes on the other foot now huh?
Show some spine and tell your colleagues that you're proposing that American citizens will receive same healthcare as members of Congress.
@GOP Doesnt want to work with Dems & @realDonaldTrump doesn't want anything with Obamas name on it. Who are we kidding  @GOP doesnt either
So something, anything Mr. Do nothing. U haven't earned ur party since u've been in office. Ur overhead  A burden on the taxpayers.
As if Democrats were ever going to compromise. Just look at the two proposals you clowns floated that would just like the ACA limit people's
Ability to keep their doctors or doctor choice period. Democrats keep making promise on healthcare that don't pass the sniff test. So why
Continue to refuse to work with Republicans to fix areas that both parties can agree on...
Thank you Senator for helping the needs of my family and most Pennsylvanians. Please help @SenToomey see the light! #SaveACA
Bipartisan way, yeah just like the Dems passed Obamacare? Hypocrisy at its finest!!!!!!! You have no credibility


They think politics is a team sport they need to read the Constitution and remember this is a democracy
Another Obamacare
Seems familiar. Seems like Obamacare.  America first stab at socialism has failed, like socialism always does.

My question is who's calling these GOP senators to undo Aca!
GOP only interested in helping Billonaires
Why don't you do a filibuster?
They just want to decimate & destroy anything associated with the Obama Administration.
How many of them have been paid off to kill Americans?
Do you Dems have an honest bone in your body? You passed the ACA KNOWING that it was designed to fail. #DemLies #YouOwnThis
Well they did run and win on that, so....
ACA wasn't a healthcare program either it was a health INSURANCE scam designed to self destruct and open the door for single payer #DemLies
Pro- life...until they're not. Remind colleague @BillCassidy  that he took another oath before his DC job.
You should talk!!
You want universal health care face it
It doesn't seem rational.
Is this why the GOP is kissing trumps ring?  Does Russia own them too??
Maybe ban the use of #eugenics in America thus relieving the medical system from the burden of the revolving door of maimed & sickened kids?
I'm an MD against repeal/replace- feel free to share
A new video explains what you will lose if repeal/ replace passes please share!!! https://www.facebook.com/michelle.grua.7/videos/10214276459251173/ …
,vote bob casey out next time
Do you have any sway with Senator Toomey?
Toomey's pockets are filled with GOP $$$$
I know and it's very depressing.
Yes it sure is. Especially when your life depends on it
They don't care what's the right thing to do.  America will pay for their vengeance of president Obama
GOP:  Fix the problems with #ACA. Don't get the big mega-trillion tax cut for the rich on the backs of ordinary people.
The old bastards like MM, Alexander etc don't care. It's all about getting richer and getting their way.
GOP ,  making sure that millions of Americans' Healthcare is DOA
Stop GOP controls the ISA Democrat party is broken
Pretty much, yes.
Who are you kiddin-bipartisan.. it's your way or no way, that's a problem!!
Yeah, cause that's not what the Kochs paid for... cc: @SenToomey
He sold himself as a "Christian." Nothing Christian about taking peoples' health care.
Your a good man Senator. Thank you for your hard work.
