@SenBobCasey is the swamp. Let’s drain the swamp Pennsylvania and vote him out!!! #SayNo2Casey
Get rid of that effin governor too while we're at it.  @MangoforPA  No more career politicians in Harrisburg.  #MAGA
Get in touch Bob, or you will be gone... Just sayin'
Shut the heck up you aren't even thinking of your constituents, just politics.
No it's not. It's a rebranding of ACA. Why should citizens believe you, who are exempt from the law, have our best interests at heart?
Obamacare doubled my monthly premiums, new plan gives me a sizable tax credit...hmm, which is better? #newplan  #couldstillbebetter  #tweaks
There was so much hatred for obama that people really don't seem to remember how vile and heartless the gop can really be....
Their vengeance has earned them a place in hell. To deny healthcare is an abomination, to deny someone's misfortune to 'save' money is a sin
They're not  trying to save money, they're making money for themselves a lot of it....
Yes exactly hence the quotes around 'save' should've been steal
That means you too
We learned today that @housegop and @realDonaldTrump more beholding to CEOs and Insurance companies than @AARP @AmerMedicalAssn and voters.
Russian the Make America Sick Again bill thru Congress and celebrating their religious hypocrisy is a reminder of GOP circling 2018 drain.
Please please always stay true to the people of your home state and country! Always fight for us and encourage your fellow senators to do so
I should be able to shop for healthcare nationwide. Amazon or Walmart could sell coverage cheaper than providers in PA.
Too right! Shameful! We will need help in central PA to ensure our so-called Representative (GT Thompson) does NOT get reelected in 2018.
What passed today is a GOP death panel for those who are not the fittest or wealthiest in this country.
@SenBobCasey I can't wait 2 c & hear @SenToomey take on the health care bill. Will he have guts like @RepCharlieDent?
What passed today was a political football used to gain political points for each party. The losers are the people needing affordable care.
Have any other solutions? Complain and moan no solutions for anything but to fight @POTUS on everything he tries to legislate.
True.     Vote republicans out of office
Thank you for fighting for us! Proud to have you as my Senator.
Excactly.People need to realize it was!never about Healthcare.it was always bOUt tax cuts for the RICH
Wish I knew why so many GOP in the house voted yes for something that  clearly was an unknown mess..how were arms twisted;what promises made
$$$$$$ Russian money  greased the skids and left GOP to smile while middle America was kicked with poor, sick and elderly mud over wealthy.
I blame this on Rep and Dems. You're all trying to appease healthcare providers that donate to your campaigns.
Please help us.  Had no income and lived on my husband's $735 a month. No insurance since end of March since no money. Approved for SSD.
First check not untill the end of this month.  Plus I will be hit with hardest rates because I have arthritis.
HELP US! Please!
The ACA wasn't a healthcare bill, it was a wat to redistribute wealth from the middle class
Thank you for voting on behalf of your constituents. Never goes unnoticed.
This is why we get crappy govt.
Another Kool Aid drinker.  He read the DNC script too!
Why do you call all businesses owners millionaires?
Thank you for all you do. We need you and your colleagues more than ever in order to protect us from house GOP bill.
continue your propaganda. noticed Dems were working hard to fix their own mess. Surely you breathed a sigh of relief HC lost
UNFORTUNATELY mayb that's the only way some voters learn SO many ppl don't vote 4 their own interests these days or don't vote at all SAD
@cinemaven 
Please protect our citizenry.
Any chance you can sway @SenToomey??

Bob you already did it. Obama care baby gave billions to big business and alot of dems. Check  the profits for the ins. Co. the last 7 yrs.
Make America Great Again by screwing the working class people who made America Great, steelworkers, mineworkers, autoworkers, construction..
What happened to taking care of the working class families that voted for him?
THEY should hav payed attention Trump has always been a conman Lies frequently Promises the world Has no intention of delivering WAKE up ppl
And your version was a scheme to raise taxes remember bob keep your doctor, cost go down $2,500 #assclownlookupbob
Same old same old argument from you Dems. Hopefully most Americans won't believe it anymore!
Its saving me money and I'm no millionaire like u.
Oh and "O" care wasn't ??
you forgot the part where they do that by literally killing people, and punishing women for surviving violent crimes
Keep fighting Senator. All of u fight against  treasonous dismantling of our great nation. (Including a few honorable GOPers who see)
Too many Dems get kickbacks... CONTRIBUTIONS by those big corporations, including Pelosi and Feinstein! They need to change their tune...
...over their refusal of #MedicareForAll, because the voters increasingly want it, and will be bomb-proof compared to Obamacare!
Sad but the general public opposing ACA have no clue. Wait ...
Thank you for pointing out the truth.  Make sure this garbage doesn't pass the Senate.
Those who voted to harm their constituents this way are deplorable. This plan isn't good enough for them or the people who elected them!
Yes, you are right, Senator Casey.  We are screwed.
Veterans who defended America with their lives got sold by Reps who refused to defend America from greed and self interest. Total cowardice
Its fraud we know. What expected from Trump and Cronies as well as Corp lapdogs Mitch and Paul, but not the rest of House who knew our will.
TrumpCare is the legislative form of hatred. 
Hatred has no home in the Senate.
Please use your platform to spread the truth about the bill, People are still believing the flat out lies Keep us informed so we can #Resist
You're a DNC talking point parrot. Predictable as hell.
My 17-yr old daughter is watching all of this, GOP. She will be of voting age in 2018. Watch out. Her peers are as caring as us & pissed...
For all who are upset w/ everything Trump does, remember you all nominated a candidate under FBI investigation to represent your party
Medical has always been much too high, with some 85% of bankruptcies tied to it.
Thank you for continuing to fight for your constituents and the American people.
Now you don't have jobs...you don't have healthcare, you don't have overtime pay, you don't have clean air & water...what is left?????
The corrupt @GOP giddily stole *everything* that made America great. Shame on them. #LockThemUp
Exactly. Trump and his Republican Congress are not working for American People they are working for Corporations and the Billionaire Club
@bannerite Bob Casey you are the man.
please help this not pass the Senate!!! The Dem party needs to be way more vocal, visible & educate the citizenry!
Thank you for voting "No"! We are horrified at the depths of cruelty this act has displayed against our fellow Americans.
GOP threw all of us under the bus! See you in 2018!!!
Which is why I'm regretting not growing up to be a big corporation. Sitting here like a worker going wtf instead.
It's a scheme to hurt and oppress women.  

The GOP hates us.
Even women in the GOP?
Yes, even women in the GOP.
That's just silly.
Thank you for supporting your constituents and coming out against this horrid bill.
What can we do now? DEM SENs will fight but the other 52 need convincing. GOP SENs can't be as ignorant as GOP reps..or can they? #RESIST
Now they aren't the reasons you cited earlier. 
will sick people get a choice bet expensive procedure and euthanasia? Can one buy medicine from countries where it is cheaper? free market?
I know we can count on you to stand up for Pennsylvanians and all Americans to protect our health insurance! Stop this bill!!!
you so right Senator Casey, please you and your fellow Senators let this bill die in the Senate
Bob, you can get this done.  We are with you on this.  @MikeKellyPA has voted against his constituents.  Please be our real voice.
HELP US BOB
Please do all you can to kill this bill in the senate! Thanks for fighting for us!
Wrong!  Democrats were the problem passing Obamacare that left ZERO choices for some pppl& eventually All ppl!  Inploding Ocare!
DJT supporters need2lose healthcare & feel the pain before they'll ever  understand the efforts of Dems 2save it.
here are some of the pond scum who need to be voted out in 18:
It's absolutely appalling and unprofessional that they sang "nah nah nah nah, hey hey hey, goodbye" "to Americans' health."
Please @ChaseCherub tell me you're joking about them singing that
#Ashamed it will bring your district to its knees
CORRUPTION
Please do everything to halt the #AHCA, Senator Casey. So many lives are at stake.
Please inform your colleagues if this passes the Senate, we will not lay down. #resist . Any party that sings to kill people, has no power.
Yeah I know they're being picked up by bus to go and party. Douchebags!
Today was legal genocide of the low and middle classes, in the name of access. And they effing sang whilst doing it SIR.
Thanks for that. Read it after, but watching the footage live, you sort have no idea what is happening.
When will the Senate vote?
I'm sure @SenToomey will think about that when it comes to the Senate. It'll be another opportunity to talk about us as 'burned out houses'.
Glad at least to see our PA representatives voted NO. Sadly, your fellow PA Senator Toomey will vote YES I'm sure. How did he get reelected?
Not all the PA reps voted NO. @RepMeehan did.
Followed by cocktails and celebration. We will never forget that.
Celebrate good times come on!  Voted Trump!
Tell em, Bob. This is a disgrace!
Please fight it, Sir. Don't let it pass!
Cryyyyyyyyyyyy baby cryyyyyyyyyyyy
