they have been doing it way too long already!!
It's time the poor get off their asses and get a job
have you no shame
Thank you for fighting against this garbage!!!!
Bravo, Sen.Casey!  Well said.  You are showing true leadership.  So proud you are my representative, & are fighting so hard for Pennsylvania
Thank you Sen Casey!  I share your anger and absolute disgust with what the R's are trying to pull off. Well said sir.
Thank you Senator Casey for speaking out as you did against this horrible bill.
A joke. Obama intended to transform US by nationalizing healthcare & he did. A new entitlement that will bk the govt. Taxed too many.
right on Senator you nailed this !!!
The extremely rich are basically hoarders, and we all understand that is a sickness. Taxing them keeps the sickness under control. 
Thank you @SenBobCasey for continuing to be a strong and supportive voice for PA's most vulnerable residents!
Republican "Health Care" is for funding for a TAX CUT for 1%'ers!It's a Reverse ROBIN HOOD: "Robbing from the POOR to give to the RICH." 
Bob government doesn't belong in the private sector. The IRS is an illegal entity that should be abolished. Subsidies should not exist.
THANK YOU SENATOR!!!!
Thank you, Sen Bob. Now...DO SOMETHING. We have pre-existing conditions and are maxed out on premiums + deductibles. Terrified to lose ins
.@MSNBC .@CNNPolitics .@CNN .@cnnbrk @ Put the fact that this is a $600 billion Tax Cut on EVERY graphic on the GOP healthcare bill
I'm tired of conservative nut jobs that say "health care isn't a right." Uh yeah dumbasses. It is
Sounds lime Obama,"Fundamentally change America" is what he said too. Therefore you should like it
ask the GOPif this bill is God like and pro life!!! Ask them... they are pro birth and f'em the rest the if time .
GOP = Self righteous ignorant bullies
Thank you, Senator. It's good to know how fired up and outraged you are about this.
Traitor
If we wanted to stop Republicans from robbing the POOR to give to the RICH—we should have started quite some time ago. 
Casey is a communist
Please do!! People like you have been giving them free rides for years!!  They need to pay their part! Pay taxes=voting rights!!
Thank you Senator Casey, continued blessings for your work .
Should that be take less from the rich to give to the poor?
YOU ARE MY HERO, SENATOR CASEY!!! 
What's your alternative Bobbie??? Besides taking more from me......wait for it......oh That's right I'm rich....so I can afford it
Watch this impassioned but reasoned plea for sanity.
Robbing the poor to support the rich is a republican specialty.
Thank you Senator Casey for being a voice for those who have no power
MSNBC.  Enough said.
Thank you sir. You are a true patriot.
Under ACA the poor got poorer and the middle class got poor with high out of pocket, deductibles & prescriptions. You ignored us.
"Friendly Reminder: The People Scaring You About Repeal Were Disastrously Wrong About Obamacare." You are one of those fear mongers.
SHAMEFUL!!!
Why doesn't Congress make sure all citizens get solid healthcare similar to what you people get? Why does that NEVER cross your minds?
You defend the poor, castigate the rich and ignore the middle class. The middle class is paying the bill for obamacare w/increased premiums.
Thank you, Senator Casey!
You stood by and allowed the middle class to be robbed to pay for obamacare.
Why didn't you stop the fundamental change of the U.S. when you voted for obamacare?
Thank you for your #VoteNo on #AHCA. It's nothing but #DeathCare.
Geez your rhetoric, fear-mongering, and propagandist language is betraying the American people. Casey is not fit to serve.
YOU FUNDAMENTALLY CHANGED AMERICA...WITH OBAMACARE FAILURE.  Thank goodness you are up for reelection next year. #termlimits #Obstruction
Thank you Senator for representing the citizens of PA
Robin Hood would be in a privately own prison if he had lived today so that's a valid yet mute point.
I agree. Also didn't like the fact that you supported Obamacare that robbed the elderly and middle class.
Rob the poor ? where is my 2500$ a year saving ? Text me Bobby I will give you my information and you can cut me a check 
On second thought  I think dealing with you It would be better cash 
Rev Barber in Phila now outside @SenToomey's. It's morally wrong to deny healthcare to our most vulnerable A fight for the soul of America.
Thanks for standing up for us @SenBobCasey.
Work with our President!
Stop scaring people Senator Casey!  Just stop!  Obamacare is failing!  6 Billion $'s went to the Govt. from ppl that paid penalties!
Putting the lower middle class into debt with forced payments for a product with is lacking isn't taking care of your ppl either
I am so proud to call you my Senator. Thank you.
that's rich. You are a liar.
I love you Bob Casey. Thank you for stand up for what's right. I'm proud to have you as my Senator!
Obamacare and it's failure already fundamentally changes America. Please drop the passed down talking points/lies.
Thank you! At least we have one senator fighting for us!
Eloquent and passionate-thank you fr being a voice for all of us! I hope they do examine their conscience!You right about the rich as well!
@SenToomey @GovernorTomWolf @RepToddStephens zip 19454.  THIS MUST STOP.  Senator Toomey wrote this bill. Mandate to kill healthcare in PA?
@SenBobCasey Thank you for continuing to fight for those of us who will be paying more for healthcare under this new plan.
Great point you made about the wealthy . They don't want a tax cut that is going to take away health care from needy people. We care.
Apparently only two things can "fix" #ACA, either #MedicareForAll or #DeathForPoor.  Time to choose, America!
Thank you. You are right about every single thing. Greatly appreciate your efforts.
At least some people get it. Keep fighting and don't let GOP take away Medicaid for disabled people. My son depends on it
You need to explain "the how"-- the consequences and hypotheticals must be presented.
Same old Dem obstructionist scare tactics. Dems are destroyed. Casey out next year
Please keep fighting the good fight!  Some of us aren't being represented in Congress!  Looking at you @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn!
Yes. Both of them are an embarrassment to the process and the state of TX. They are vulturing care from millions and pillaging medicare.
Don't forget the trifecta of assholes in @GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick and @KenPaxtonTX!
Ineffective politicians who do not represent the values of our people and our great state.
They say they do, but they lie.  They are only benefiting themselves. I'm also tired of the exec. branch bossing around the legis. branch.
Thank you Senator Casey.  Keep fighting for us.
@SenBobCasey Don’t just sit there with your teeth in your mouth, Do something. Tell Pa why @PatToomey Likes this bill!! and explain
@SenToomey will not respond to calls or letters. Thank you for being transparent @SenBobCasey, unlike your colleague.

1/THREAD:crunching the nums-HOW THE @GOP SABOTAGED #Obamacare EXCHANGES (which were actually GOP amendments to ACA bill) @CNN @MSNBC #AHCA 
You're my hero!
Thank you for fighting for us PAs!!! Keep up the pressure!
Very well spoken, appreciated your passion. The @GOP is morally bankrupt.
Please encourage your peers to SATURATE the airwaves! I need to see Dem office holders 24/7 until this thing is defeated. GET OUT THERE.
Thank you, Senator Casey, for representing the people of Pennsylvania with a decency we could only dream of seeing from @SenToomey.
Wow, PA you have a great Senator and of course he hails from Joe Biden Country
