Exclusive: Donald Trump asked James Comey to end the Michael Flynn inquiry in February, Comey wrote in a memo then http://nyti.ms/2pROmsW 
It is vital that Congress obtain these memos and hear public testimony from former Director Comey.
No one, not even the President, is above the law and the American people deserve answers about President Trump’s conduct.
, not to mention where was you're concerned when four Americans got killed the blood is on your hands Bobby
and, genius, where is your concern for the rule of law of the defense of the Constitution? Is that too complex a subject for Fox News?
Sorry Senator Casey! I'm surprised that you just realized this.
@SenToomey @MikeKellyPA  Thank you Senator Casey.  Perhaps you colleagues in the Senate and House will pay attention to you.
You're not above the law either!!
Funny, you and President Trump have the same approval rating, huh
SO, do you believe everything the biased media prints? How 'bout let POTUS do his JOB! At least he's TRYING to do what he went to DC to do!
6 months ago you were screaming for Comey to be fired after the Oct letter.  Now he's your hero/martyr?
Chicken Little chasing NYT & WashPo stories from 'unnamed' sources.   Love it.
if Democrats spent half the time they spend obsessing over Trump on actual work, they might get something done. Luckily, we don't need them!
Raises questions that the fake news are quoting unnamed sources using memos that no one has seen a copy of......Get it together fool.
8 yrs late.
He has proved time and time again that he has no respect for our intelligence community.  This #FakePresident has no respect for the USA!
@PAKPAC @COPUR_National
His actions have answered your questions. Trump blinded our country to intelligence from inside ISIS. Gave aid and comfort to the enemy.
Oh I think it's pretty clear. He has no respect for FBI, law enforcement, the seat of POTUS, our constitution, or our nation
Is running things like a mafia don. Please do something substantial for the people that you serve. Please start impeachment processes.
Honorable Senator, I implore you to begin movement toward impeachment of Trump. He has little regard for the offices of the government  and
He respects nothing but self and Family.  We the People are in a world of hurt with him in office.  #Impeach
It's clear he has no regard for government & is solely concerned w/what people think of him. He's showing off to Russians & he needs to go!
The narcissus only respects himself and his daughter/wife Ivanka
So do something about it.
Why are @HouseGOP @SenateGOP  remaining silent on latest @POTUS issues?Time to hold #president accountable @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
Obstruction of justice. Sharing classified information with the enemy -treason!Impeachment luring!
investigate WH treason
The twitter version of a "sternly worded letter'.
I gonna go with no
The,questions have been answered sir.  We all know it.  Time is up
And when is there going to be enough evidence to do something about Trumps abuse of power?
Here's the answer to the serious questions: he doesn't respect anything or anyone.
slightly too understated?
Senator Casey: Trump respects no one.  Especially those that eqivocate using phrases like "serious questions" instead of he's a damn traitor
Compromising allied intelligence will get people killed. Firing the director conducting the investigation into his campaign. Time to impeach
It's obstruction. Get the memo, Senator.
Trump respects nothing.
@nytimes its not a question its a fact.
No action in congress until this is dealt with.
Questions??? How do you still have "questions" when the answer is #ObstructionOfJustice, and it just slapped you in the face??? #DoYourJob
The real question is what crime did Flynn commit to warrant an FBI Investigation? Don't you need a crime to investigate?
There are still questions about that? Really?

(Hint : answer is 'no')

#obstructionofjustice
The real answer is: He does not. Please call for independent investigations!
25 the 45. He truly isn't sane....
IF this alleged memo isn't correct or rise to a level of wrongdoing, a lot of people, media & Dem congress won't be looking very good.
Senator, I implore you, do everything in your power to get this madman out of the WH! He is a clear and present danger to our country.
Well that's the understatement of the century.
How is this still a question?
That's how he rolls.  On Comey + Russia intel probably sees as quid pro quo.  Not a public servant, not a POTUS. Fine for TV/real estate
I see that you've mastered the art of understatement...
Thanks for speaking up, Senator Bob!
IMPEACH !
It's rather obvious that he does not.
Of course he doesn't.  Rump has played fast and loose with the law his entire adult life.
Sen. Casey, you are being too muted in your statement. Please start calling for impeachment. Our country is suffering.
The man respects no one.
well, except putin, erdogan, assad, kim, etc. did you see his face at today's presser with erdogan? he was beaming; it was sickening.
Falling for another article from a fake news huckster. The NYT 
This is #25thamendment
Impeachment please! Get him out of the WH
Better not have tapes.
Need to be evidenceto
Seriously?  Over the last 30+ years of his public career and life, those questions have been answered 100 times over. History doesn't change
He doesn't respect anything, including the Constitution he swore to uphold. Impeach him and then jail him
It appears that he considers them his direct reports, required to do his bidding.
Right, believes himself above the law...if proved true this is sad day for America. We all need to stand up to save democracy
No, these stories answer questions about whether the President respects the independence of the FBI and law enforcement. (The answer is no.)
Hey Bob I have the answer to your question: he doesn't, and isn't really even smart enough to understand the concept
And even if he is smart enough, he certainly doesn't care.
You're not doing your job if you're not stranding up to him stronger. Obey your oath of office and defend and protect the constitution.
By comparison to the filthy Republicans and most Dems, Sen Casey has been one of congress' most consistent voices for the #Resistance.
They also answer the questions in the negative
Clearly, there's no question.
Lmao!  Ya think?
