"We are going to also pressure Congress very strongly to finish the repeal and the replace of Obamacare once and for all," Pres. Trump says 
For nine months, the Admin & congressional Republicans have abdicated their basic obligation to make sure our health care system works.
Instead, @POTUS and Republicans in Congress have engaged in a sabotage of our health care system, which has driven up premiums and costs.
This executive order is trying to return us to the days when you could buy junk insurance – it was cheap, because it didn’t cover much.
They have a maniacal obsession with repealing the Affordable Care Act. That obsession is harming families across the nation.
They have put forth legislative schemes that would drive up premiums, increase costs and reduce protections.
These schemes have been soundly rejected, yet the Administration is now trying to enact them via executive order.
Instead of hurting families and seniors, they should work in a bipartisan way to improve our health care system.
.@PattyMurray and @SenAlexander have been making progress toward bipartisan legislation that would improve our health care system.
This destructive act by the Administration threatens to undermine those bipartisan efforts.
Even his token black guy in the background is trying to hide. He knows it's wrong
#DonnyDayCare is purposely trying to destroy #ObamaCare / #25thamendment
REPUBLICANS KILLING AMERICANS
when will it stop?
@SenBobCasey  please speak out LOUD and CLEAR we NEED Democrat VOICES giving HC Options NOT Silence @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @SenateDems
Why don't you all us hire we like it.....
Chaos
Yes. And what will be done about it?
Liberals are actually siding with Iran, a terrorist dictatorship that openly says "death to America" over our own President.
So Bob, when will it be time to remove him fri@ office?  #ImpeachTrump
Awww man, that typo is killing me!  #twitterneedseditfunction
Or you can delete and tweet again.
I know.  but, by the time I realized my boo-boo, it had been liked by several people. Just gotta live with it. LOL
Thanks for continuing to fight
Welcome to Trumpcare. He now owns a failing health care system of his own making.
It was a sabotage when ACA was established by an executive order

Impeachable offense yet??!
It is so sad. Trump does care about Americans. He seems to be playing a game.
This is actually called Blackmail or Extortion. Both are right in Dotards wheelhouse and now White House.
Coming from the party of liars and crooks this is a badge of honor
No, that was done by the last administration
So do something besides tweeting Bob.
#Trumpcare #Trumpcarekills
You’re pissed? Cool. I know it was the right thing for Trump to do then.
You know it's illegal to overturn laws made by congress right?
So, no. You’re the one who seems dumb.
Name me one country where a free market "across state lines" leads to better health outcomes at a cheaper price. I'll wait...
The US
Oh you mean the place where the #1 reason for filing bankruptcy is medical bills? LOL
So you’re deflecting because you realize now you were wrong and Trump most certainly can do what he did ?
No. It is actually in the constitution that a president cannot overturn laws made by congress. Is the constitution fake news?
Do something!! That's why you were elected!
Impeach
Such a master negotiator. All he can pass is his own executive orders. Can't build consensus for shit.
this is murder to many
Well, I heard he conferred with the President Of the Virgin Islands, & will use their plan as the ACA replacement. 
#DemandTheSamePlan
You break it you buy it. #MoronTrump
Well, stop him!!!i it really isn't that hard if you do your jobs
#pureEvil #Impeach45
Bobblehead pense in background scariest of all
He is so evil!
Thought this man took an oath?  Trump not taking care of anyone but himself.
It takes a cruel person to yank health care from people who really need this. I despise this warped person. Impeach, Congress, do it.
Our government is trying to kill usm
@realDonaldTrump Thrilled that our pres "knows what's best for us"better than we do.If you have to force it,you're doing it wrong,Donny Boy!
Can't get the votes so he hurts Americans. Thinks if he hurts the program and Americans it justifies repeal. This just proves you have no morality. You only care about you.
He's happy to throw American citizens under the bus. He's doing it on healthcare, Puerto Rico, and his tax plan he designed to benefit himself.
I  would tell the lawmakers you killed health care for the people you fix it.and like you say it's a piece a cake because you smart
Yes. You're a senator - DO SOMETHING! Stop this madness. #25thAmmendmentNow
@Tracydwyer7 @CBSNews If only he hadn't humiliated you at the correspondent's dinner - none of this would have happened!
A Revenge bill and not about Health. A defining moment of an already tarnished administration. #Humanity
Y’all need to do something about him. He’s destroying our country!!!
@CBSNews Gee Bob and the king never did anything by executive order! At least PDJT is helping ALL people not freebies.
DO SOMETHING!!!! #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrumpNow
While ppl are dying because you've taken away their H/C in the meantime. There needs to be an injunction against this EO.
BREAKING NEWS : Trump will kill more Americans than any other President
We’re going to pressure congress to invoke the 25th amendment.
You wake up, pour your coffee, open your laptop, see the headlines and in under 3 seconds go from disbelief into fury - then to ALL OUT RAGE
Please please help us. I’m begging you.
#TRUMPCARE #DEATHCARE   PPL WILL DIE.  Thank the MORON in WH
President Obama told you not to help him, don't.
WHY ISNT THE CONGRESS STOPPING THIS?? WHY IS THIS BEING ALLOWED TO CONTINUE??
Do something about it Bob
IF U KNOW WHAT HES DOING THEN DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT INSTEAD OF TWEETING!!
PLEASE SAVE THE AMERICAN PPL WHO WILL LOSE HEALTHCARE COVERAGE!!!!
Why is repealing ACA the ONLY promise Pres Trump wants to keep? Taking care from millions does not make America great again - may kill many.
We need you to stand up for us!!!!!
The President of the United States is harming Americans. What are you going to do?
It is but what frustrates me is politicians running with talking points instead of just using their own words and thoughts.Sabotage.We know.
So will anyone do anything about it?  I won’t hold my breath.
Come on GOP,you helped create 
this mess &now thecountry needs you to do the right thing &stand up 2him. Dont sit silent &let him destroy us
Maybe dems need to step up the HELP instead of tweeting!!!!
Glad one of u had the spine to actually tell the truth, bravo.
Thank you. In terms @realDonaldTrump understands, this act was a snap hook off the tee injuring bystanders. He now has a near uplayable lie.
You guys keep playing nice politics with him, so what do you expect? 
Isn't that a bunch of mortal sins?
Why aren't you going after Trump?  Surely the 25th Amendment would do it.  Trump is NUTS!  Get him out!
ACA it's garbage. Tell me how it helps anyone. why should a kid pay 10k for a policy that has 7k in deductibles before the insurance pays?
Hate trump more than every reply but didn't Obama use the same EOs to push ACA past GOPs? *elections have consequences folks #vote
Yep, and they are all too dumb to know.
Pence expression is priceless he's so in love with his trumptydumpty
seems to me like he's just doing what Obama did. it was ok then, why not now ?
Traitor!
Yep, it is. But the Senate has no power. Sad. End of Republic.
Everything from the GOP has been sabotage against ACA from the day it became law.
IT'S NOT FUNNY... 
BUT IT'S VERY TRUE 
Isn't this in direct violation of the ACA which is law?!
EO’s are more easily rescinded, not like they’re “law” or anything like ACA
Yes it is, Senator Casey - BLATANT SABOTAGE
@JohnLeguizamo 
Can we also please add that they let CHiP expire letting 9 mil children lose healthcare.. this is systematic
You gonna be ok snowflake?


Is it legal? Does the President have the authority to override laws you recently passed or was there a loophole? Can you sue to overturn?
Heinous
.Pence- the perfect Yes man. He nods so much when Trump speaks, I’m waiting for his bobble head to bobble away..
Thank you! Proud that you are my senator @SenBobCasey. I believe this EO is to deflect a huge news dump today.
Can we sue the sob??

So impeach him. Surely calling it sabotage & accusing him of deliberately hurting people is grounds for an impeachment.
#CROOKEDDONALD #IDIOTINCHIEF
Get to work and undo.
What he is really saying, "By killing a bunch of poor Americans I may finally get rid of Obama's signature legislation."
He's sabotaging our HC system with EO's and blackmail forcing Congress to cave to his demands no matter how it will affect the rest of us. He must go now, and Congress needs to start action to get him out. I don't understand why you let him continue?
Then DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT
Payments have to be appropriated by Congress. Either:
A. You really suck at the constitution for a sitting US senator, or
Per usual @VP is the first to clap for millions losing insurance so that the wealthy can have more money. Your god is in the belly Pence
Call it what it is: #trumpcare. Please DON'T make same mistake again, Dems. Use pithy, memorable, meaningful one-word phrase. #TRUMPCARE
Good
This is what happens when Congress fails to do its job... We saw it with Obama now Trump... DACA now Healthcare
Is it legal? I thought Congress had the power to make and repeal laws. It looks like we don't have constitutional government but tyranny.
He’s a loser!
Well then, do something rather than tweet. @SenateDems @SenateGOP are complicit by enabling #FakePresident ‘things’ll change’ - #BS #IMPEACH
And congress does NOTHING.
Well, @SenBobCasey, when are you all going to check this president? You DO realize it’s your job. Right?
@CBSNews is there anything you & rest of Congress can do to stop him? Where are the Checks & Balances?
Any health care system that can bankrupt a person purely for being sick is a disgrace.
Good relations the aged white wealthy taking the piss out anyone who is below them socia-economic scales you are low life fakes faux #potus
Easier for Putin to consolidate his control over US govt when economy fails as health care system crashes.  #Russiapublicans to the rescue.
Its up to the Congress not to be forced into a deal by this moron.
Sabotage of a craptastic hc system the majority of Americans didn’t want. I’ll take it.
Don't stop telling the truth. Trump does not care about anyone but himself. A sick slimy person.
Yes senator my partner is in middle of getting surgery and may not get bc of no payments made! Wasn’t he by law supposed to make them?
Senator, many of your "esteemed colleagues" are cackling with glee at the underhanded and unlawful presidential attacks. Go raise some hell!
Please think outside box. Urgent We're falling to pieces out here. Must be more to do ASAP besides marches petitions voting.
well it looks like u might have to go to work and do something then
@realDonaldTrump is so obsessed with hatred for Pres Obama that he's willing to destroy everything he's done regardless of how many are hurt
Mass muderer, terrorist, fucking moron, dotard, traitor: thank you GOP
He would destroy a nation to erase legacy of one man. Truly messed up.  We must vote out Republicans who enable him to continue.
Those With More Than Enough are trying to get rid of as many of Those Without Enough as fast as possible #Shame on #TWMTE #ACA helps #TWE
The clowns in the background grinning like gleeful children are going to kill Americans #smh
He is willing to harm & kill Americans & all because a vastly superior human being poked fun of him at a dinner 6 years ago 
Expect financial and health care crises and chaos!! Oh - expect more deaths, too.
Then why are you and fellow congressmen not doing something to remove this insane person from our nation's highest office?
What do you mean ours? You and the rest of DC don't have to worry about premiums or deductibles do you hypocrite
He's sabotaging more than our health care system. #impeachorperish
The Man is determined 2erase Obamas name from any government laws Bcause he cannot stand a person from anothet RACE has been president......
they need to pull a full Harvey Weinstein on Trump, he's done the same and worse
Exactly! The ACA is law, passed by Congress. An Executive Order should not be allowed to touch it. #HealthcareReform


He said he was gonna tank it, and he is. Now when are you guys going to get that demented mutt out of the Whitehouse? #ImpeachTrump NOW!
Look at the look on this sick f..kers face.
Alas, we don't have a "healthcare system." We have a healthcare industry. And thanks to Trump, soon we might not even have that.
Umand and well cuz I can 
He's wreaking havoc with our country. HELP!
Well, of course it is.
#25 45
When can we repeal and replace @realDonaldTrump.
Is he king or prez? Hard to tell. Wake up Congress!
Put you money where your mouth is! Support @RepAlGreen  LOUDLY
And we will have a great president in our country, one day.

#trumpcare sucks! Already excited about the next president reversing every asinine decision you have made and continue to make. Furthermore, u r going down as the worst president in the history of our country
This is @potus refusing to uphold actual legislation; actively undermining legislation. Do your job @senategop @housegop.
Congress needs to do their job you can join together & stop this. This will ruin millions of lives.
Well, it's more than that sir. It's on par with a nurse pulling the lifesaving IV tube out of a patient's arm to die just to force a HC win.
This hurts citizens!!!! Not congress!!!! Dictator!!!!!
Thank Sen Casey a homie from PA thank you for your voice! Trump is just trying to kill ACA because it this hate disgraceful #fuckingmoron
Absolutely hateful!
It's time to end this madness! #25thAmendment
There is no such thing as "once and for all" Only those without compassion, and the ignorant,--- do ignorant things. Obamacare saves.
We have an unbalanced DICTATOR 
Maybe Bannon, Mercers, Putin counted on his instability. They seek to destroy us. Treason comes to mind
Ridiculous. You people are unhinged.
I'm sorry. And what exactly are you doing about it?
@MarshaBlackburn @RepDianeBlack This is on you! You are actively & intentionally hurting TN families..my family! There is NO EXCUSE for this
Then please do something to stop this pestilence of a president!!!
@realDonaldTrump is used to using lies to pressure people into things.  Just ask the women he has forcibly assaulted.
Are there no limits to the horrendous damage being done by insane executive orders? People are going to DIE, Senator.
#25thAmendmentNow
What are you going to do about it???
IMPEACH #TRUMP NOW
He’s a walking dead man! @realDonaldTrump
Baloney...the president's EO..will enable many many Pa residents to get affordable healthcare across state lines..stop your lemming ways Bob
Perfect example of malfeasance.
@realDonaldTrump executive orders need reviewed by Judiciary branch 4 constitutionality bc Trump clueless on US Constitution
What can be done about this? How is 45 able to get away with this?
Our health care system is in the hands of an uninformed sociopath.
At least there is no one else to blame for the needless suffering of many millions in the months and possibly years to come.
#Trump is terrorizing the #American people. He is a clear and present t danger to the world. #25thAmendment
a health care doesn't need an executive order to enforce,the moment it reaches that,know that it is unhealth care
