"A senior European intelligence official told @AP his country might stop sharing intelligence with the US" ...  https://apnews.com/ec349a3efb1341ca9568e18911266d7b …
@realDonaldTrump’s inappropriate disclosure risks exposing the source of this intelligence and the methods by which it was obtained;
not only does this endanger the source but it may give our allies caution before sharing vital information with U.S. intelligence agencies.
Any president can legally declassify intelligence information.  However, this is not a question of legality.
Rather it’s about the appropriate use of highly classified, sensitive intelligence & how to use that intelligence...
...in a manner that will increase the likelihood that the U.S. and our coalition partners will defeat ISIS and keep our country safe.
This disclosure to Russian officials undermines that effort.
Bullshit
By leaking to the media the Obama administration & holdovers make us less safe everyday
Ur talking about Hillary and her illegal server right
Your clueless. HRC is the real danger to this country. Grow up.
This guy thinks he's beyond reproach. It is up to you guys, both parties, to stop him. He is a danger to our country.
You are so #Right, #Impeach
@SenBobCasey Thanks for listening to PA. I know it's not easy-thanks for being a good person. Can't wait to re-elect you, pounding pavement
What? You & Schumer need to dial down the hate Russia nonsense.
PLEASE DO NOT LET THEM SWEEP THIS UNDER THE RUG.
Again Sir, your response to HRC doing the exact as well as Chelsea manning. Never heard you say boo about any of that
Are either of those people POTUS? Did they meet with Russians in the Oval Office to disclose secret info? No. What is your point?
So HRC sharing classified info, FACT!  by being unsecured is ok? If trump did in fact share he is the ultimate classifier, right?
GOP HAS HAD BOTH HOUSES FOR 6 YEARS! If she had shared classified documents, she'd be in jail! They sure tried on that witch hunt. Dumbass!!
Please proceed to impeaching ASAP. He must be reined in. #Blabbergate #outofcontrol #russiagate
Yea sure and you think Obama did a good job at making us feel safe,I think not
Impeach now!
Typical Dumbocrat spreading lies, try something NEW BOB start telling the truth.
Block Everything in the senate until #IndependentCommission and AND #SpecialProsecutor are convened. BOTH must be appointed NOT ONLY ONE!!!!
And we the people are watching the high school vindictive behavior of both parties. Taking notes, will effect both parties in next elections
Wow did you lobotomize yourself Sharon? Only one party is guilty of treason and espionage here...The #NeoKnowNothing GOP. #PartyOverCountry
The jury is still out.
Please help eliminate the Orange Menace! #impeachTrumpnow
More fake news.  President Trump is doing a GREAT JOB!!!  You sad democrats need to get your head out of your backside.
Excuse me, Senator.  You do realize that Russia is our Allie AGAINST ISIS?
The hypocrisy of supporting Hilary Clinton who shared secrets everyday on her open server is astounding
Trump presents a clear and present danger to our Republic.  He should be impeached.
Like Corker, Casey is having a "Trump" moment. Diarrhea of the mouth. Stop the chatter-just do your daily job; Investigate, listen & vote.
is that it? when will anyone - dem or repub -DO anything?
So what can you and fellow Senators/Congresspeople do? Serious question. We need some way to stop this madness.
You know those shock collars your doggie wears....just kidding.
Sen Bob, did you said anything when Obama, left this country defenless, open, borders, open, air space, open, ports, all terrorists welcome?
Chicken Little at it again.
Enough of this "opines" and get to the damn floor of the Senate and say Impeachable offence!  Christ! how many mulligans does this guy get?
By Trump being president, he has made our nation less safe
Hey Senator...DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT THEN!!!!!!
You are the one who makes our nation less safe.
Unsafe like open borders like Sanctuary cities like not allowing working Americans to protect themselves
First get facts correct, then explain why trying to wipe out ISIS would make USA less safe
Yet another instance of baseless accusations because it's Trump. There's no proof anything inappropriate was shared but buy the innuendos.
If you dealt in facts you would have been outraged by Obama's, HRC's and the DNC's actions. But you don't deal in facts, just innuendo.
You're such a to Bob. Where's the evidence anything classifued was shared inappropriately? You deal in innuendo and avoid facts.
I stand behind our POTUS a& so do millions of people!
You Senator Casey know zero about this!  You are a terrible Partisan man who only cares about your re-election!  You won't have MY vote!
Again, Americans frustrated and angry because Congress brushing it all off.
What about the leaker? Not one complaint from you. How do you find that okay?
And as my Senator can you explain what will Congress do about besides the "proper rhetoric". C'mon Sen...#InspireUs
Put the hammer down on that one, Bob.
Sharing of highly classified intel is inappropriate. Congress must have immediate classified briefing on exact nature of intel shared.
#FakeNews again by the Wash Compost.  Even McMasters is denying this so quit pushing this narrative.
@realDonaldTrump WANTS us to be cut off from all others so he can do his Kingly Dictator thing without interference
Bob, our historical failure in foreign relations is to put labels on relationships. "Adversary" does us little good to influence or shape
Trump's reckless antics since entering office proves his inability to govern & must be impeached!  Enough lies,cover ups & propoganda!
WE DEMAND HE BE PLACED UNDER CONTROL BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE SIR
And others.  When will this insanity be stopped.  I'm tired of the lies and the risky, unethical, scary man.  He's insane
Falling for Fake News. Thought you were smarter than that but you have proven you are not!
True.  So, will you #withholdconsent until a special prosecutor or independent investigation into #TrumpRussia corruption is established?
Where can I get an autograph of Mr. Anonymous Source?  He seems to be the most popular guy our media of today now quotes.
Is this president of ours becoming the new #TeflonDon???? #Outrageous @robreiner @nprgreene @NPR
Well Senator. You should consider moving to France. Much safer there! #MAGA
Liar liar pants on fire.
Really. Come on Stop the party politics Start working for the ppl.  You hatred of Trump has clouded your judgement Enough
Get ur facts straight boob
I'm embarrassed to be an American because of that scum.........
Impeach!!! #impeach #unfit45
Yeah, but what about those 30,000 emails,  that had to be worse, right?
Worried about safety but don't want to build a wall for safety. More dem hypocrisy
Trump is an idiot
What can we do when traitors and cowards like @SenToomey and @RepTimMurphy refuse to help Americans stay safe?
We must have an INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR to investigate .  We are facing a Constitutional crisis.  The American people deserve answers
When is he going to see some very real consequences for his impulsiveness?
How can our Military feel safe, when he can spout off intelligence whenever he feels like it?It appears he has not considered this nor cares
Additionally, he invited the enemy who violated our sovereignty to the Oval Offc, the one that got Flynn fired & Sessions to recuse. WTF?!
I'm with u !Everyday is a WTF day ! When the F is it going to end ?
Well said @SenBobCasey ; #McMaster 's embarrassing display just now at the news conference opened more questions
Genuine question: why is he allowed to still be president? If he were a Democrat, the GOP would've had execution orders drafted months ago.
You must be involved in the leaks from D.C. Bcos you never denounce the practice nor fake news. Your lack of action is treason, unAmerican!
What real action are you taking to stop him??
You've must to do better than that The produce man at my  Safeway said the same thing You should be Paul Revere not Mr Rogers Disappointing!
Hold him accountable! This is unacceptable!!!
Agree! Hold Casey accountable for his partisan behavior, fact-less, innuendo based attacks on anything Trump or opposition does. No in 2018!
This is false. If @washingtonpost journos are getting illegal intel from someone in IC community, they should all have a big problem.
USA over Traitors Trump/Pence/White House/Trump family #resist #resistance #ImpeachTrumpPence
GOP are complicit.
We have a Russian Spy in the Oval Office..all dearly departed Presidents are rolling in their graves...
And what are you and your colleagues going to do about it?  You can complain on Twitter but the COUNTRY wants the Senate to DO SONETHING.
No kidding so what are you going to do about it Senator?
Impeach Trump NOW. Complacency on BOTH sides will lead to removal from office. PROTECT OUR COUNTRY NOW!!!
The real danger is you'll actually never know that your friends are with holding critical information.
Repeat after me, senator:
"I would support immediate impeachment proceedings."
I agree.
Make it easy on us all, Casey should just step down. No need for Casey to self impeach, that's not necessary. He can just say bye.
And who could blame them??  Trump as president is dangerous to our nation and our allies.  Impeach NOW.
Oh that's Great! I guess the POTUS stepped in it again.
Where were you 8 months ago? Lol
I agree, we need to protect our secrets, and call them out regardless of which party!
Senator do you know this story is true?
Yet there he sits.
