I was the first & only potential GOP candidate to state there will be no cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid. Huckabee copied me.
Did anyone but #MAGA voters/victims really believe a rich, entitled, narcissistic, pathological liar really cared about the "little guy"?
It's the "entitled" do nothings. People are sick of them. No handouts No more.
Food stamps feed children.
Maybe the parents should get a job & feed their kids.
Heartless! 100% heartless!
not heartless. Realistic. Start private food banks with liberal elite money if they care so much.
More private food banks = less gov't entitlements that my taxes pay for. Debt is out of control
the don is facing the reality of Democrat  crazy overspending policies. this lead 2 shutdown of the govt due 2 shortages of tax revenue
And to solve this problem, Trump is giving a massive tax break to the rich. What a maroon!
these tax breaks r situated throughout the worlds gobal community my friend. every nation benefits from them not just Americans
corporations around the world use them 2 finance development in third world govts as well as thriving ones supplying job 2 million of people
poor people will & can not do these things
Amazing that less than 30% of a country can sign everyone up for a trip on the voyage of the demented.
that's why we need the national populate vote compact passed in all the states!
Did you expect anything less? Almost all his poor, uneducated or elderly supporters will be surprised they got screwed. The rest expected it
Yup. I consistently watch my Mother in law say, "Oh, no, he said he wouldn't do that." And I bite my tongue thinking,"Yeah, thanks alot .
I laughed when I read this. Please tell your M-n-L
Thanks for me also then I laughed again when I thought of this line..."I love my m-n-law
.@realDonaldTrump tweets are like Hallmark cards, there's one for every occasion.
What about the national debt. Cut spending reduce the national debt .God bless Trump and put those who out of office who oppose him.
Dont forget Lower Bucks Countries.. In PA..One came2 philly 2 endorse the wall...only we all gonna fall!
@potus you lied! AS USUAL!!! You killed the ones that voted for you by trusting in you! YOU ARE THE DEVIL~
@realDonaldTrump How many deals u lost??? Well we lost "the american people" when we got you..Seniors..Winning bigly!
Huckabee lied too?
Ya, he's a copy cat too!
Putin's budget.
Hey, he says what he means. Except when he doesn't.
If they just reduced the defense budget bump by a small fraction, they could prevent all these cuts.  Why does GOP want poor to suffer more?
Bc the Grand Old Party is full of rich Americans that have NO CLUE what it is like in the REAL WORLD. They see the rest of America as less
Not always rich, but people who feel they "worked hard" for what they have & the poor & sick didn't--& those on govt pgms are lazy frauds.
Low income families work just as hard for what they have. Some areas do not have the jobs that pay abve min wage &they need some help.
Of course!  You and I know that, but racism and stereotypes get in the way of people seeing this.
@CapehartJ @realDonaldTrump Only idiots would believe a con billionaire from Manhattan who promised to make their loves great
Cut it all I'm tired of paying for it
Then u had better live up to your word, u lying swine! We have u on tape , promising not to cut the S S, Medicare &Medicaid! Man up, Chump!
How can blantly kill the elderly on social security..? and medicaid.? Don't kill us
Complete contradiction!
. Well you guys know what to do, get ur boxing gloves on,get in the ring & knock this budget & AHCA out of the ring!@TheDemocrats @GOP
Donald Trump lives each day as if it were a shaken 'Etch-A-Sketch' eliminating the mistakes of the previous leaving no proof of his idiocy.
Well at least his lying is consistent.
This is economic terrorism. Where are the so-called Christians who support Trump? They should denounce economic terrorism in this country.
Christianity only applies to Whites in their Bible and in their creed, which calls for global domination.
. Thank God they've seen a documentary saying The Ark is in a monastery in ETHIOPIA!And Jesus was originally......Jewish.Shhh pass it on.
Contrary to Mulvaney who declared that this budget is exactly what dt said on the campaign trail.
Liars, self serving and bought off M'F'ers! Let's show them what draining the swamp really means! Vote BLUE 2018 ! #TheResistance
Im with you!! We want them to wake up on the day after and wonder what hit them!!
These RICH MEN 4RICH MEN ARE NOT WATCHING OUT FOR REGULAR PPL USA. THEY DONT DO 4US. SO LETS DO 4OURSELVES. LETS KEEP GOP OUT OF WASHINGTON
HE didn't release it, Mulvaney did, and he's lied so often during the campaign vs presidency, this is of no surprise. #ImpeachHim
Another lazy democrat. U btr save or when u r 60 u will b on the street.
I'm 60, and soundly retired.  Hate to burst your delusion.
Well don't depend on Govmt programs. If u live long pray 4 health. I paid private care 4 Alzheimer'scare $100k a yr 4 5yrs 4 family mem
I will access any program that enhances my quality of life in order to pursue happiness.  You don't get to impede on my freedom to do so.
Yes such a loser so glad they r proposing all these cuts . Lazy ppl lack pride & dignity.
You are an asshole.  Fuck off my timeline.
Never trust a guy that's orange......
Senator, Trump doesn't care about broken promises at this point. He knows his days are numbered.
Sooooo, YOU (Trump) lied first. Got it.
And we are surprised? Shocked and deeply saddened ??

That is a lie Casey and I call you out on it
@realDonaldTrump is a thug
This wasn't a real budget, it was a negotiating tactic. We call it "lowballing". Also see "overton window".
Imagine that... A bullshit con-artist lied... in other news:
- Water is STILL wet
- Fire is STILL hot
- Mick Mulvaney is STILL an IDIOT.
I'm a disabled veteran who depends on S.S.D.I. I kept my word keep yours
and ironically this will probably impact the Trump voters the most. shame
Better go back a read it again or maybe you didn't read it at all
If you are able to work and you won't  why should I work 2x harder just to pay for lazy people looking for handouts could you answer that
Lying bast###
60% Americans have no savings. U can go from healthy to disabled in a second. Rich to poor in a single investment. We're all vulnerable
Social security isn't HIS to cut. Retirees have paid into it for decades.
And the rich get richer...well you know the rest

They are trying to claim that SSDI is not the same as SS.  Anybody with an ounce of sense knows that they are two parts of the same program.
Just another one of his lies.. Can't wait until the illegitimate Pres gets impeached and the @GOP goes down with him in 2018
#SMH this budget scares the hell out of me.
Bc I live in area where the elderly & lower income families are abundant. They depend on help
donny lied.. this is not even news.. he lies about everything.
Appreciate the pointed retrospectives on this nightmare pres. Tweets, but accountability is not forthcoming or expected by his base#potus
Lets not mince words... it's heinous and punitive to the lives & values of most Americans, and exclusively benefits the über-rich.
Wow. Trump lies yet again....
That's Trump a walking contradiction... A big liar
Probably a better use of your staffers time then to look up old Trump tweets. Tax dollars at work.
It would put the lives of medically fragile kids at risk- my speech in 
DC explains how https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zC3BIESSuMk …
Nothing POTUS says is true.  No surprise.  He's a total fraud in every way.
Of course it is
Does @SenBobCasey really believe the shit coming out of his pie-hole, or is he just triggering his ignorant base?
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/trump-budget-cuts-social-safety-net-programs-medicaid-overhauls-tax-code/ …
Stop the devastation and pilfering of America! #ImpeachTrump
LAIR. ..THATS WHAT YOU ARE   SCREW THE 2ND CLASS AND POOR.... NOW SOMETHING REALLY HAS TO BE DONE IF NOT TENT CITIES EVERYWHERE
Let us hope he is using the salesman's "Door in the Face" technique. Anything else will seem reasonable after this ridiculous mess.
Politicians worst kinda of parasites.
TONIGHT SHOW WRITER OFFERS IMPEACHMENT NOW IN NEW BOOK.  https://www.amazon.com/Trumping-Frumpf-Unwinning-never-easy/dp/1546381058/ref=cm_rdp_product_img … …  PLEASE RETWEET!
Trump is truly the Liar in Chief! How can anyone be surprised that is hitting the most vulnerable financially? Trump is a treasonous crook!
We need to get rid of the fraud. It's a big problem!
he constantly lies. yet blind ppl still think he is doing a good job. his lack of knowledge for the job is embarrassing .
WH illegit tenant's delusional mental case taking advantage he's above the AM prostitute law can say what he pleases
The budget @RealDonaldTrump released today is a direct contradiction to this campaign promise. Drastic cuts to Social Security and Medicaid. https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/596338364187602944 …
You're beyond a weak senator.
So he lied. Again. Shocking.
Trump is an orange-faced LIAR
And a cut to research for cancer. Entitlements need to be reformed, not gutted!
@realDonaldTrump is the Grand Poobah of The Liars' Club
So Trump is on par with the rest of his campaign promises. Who would have thought Trump is a complete hypocrite & fraud? Only 66 million ppl
I think those numbers are way to low. Don't forget ppl in the world outside USA 
You say direct contradiction. I say Trumps & Kushners r incessant liars who delight in creating misery for Americans 4 greed & folly
#basicincome #Grundeinkommen
TWITTERSTORM!
☈☈☈☈☈☈☈☈☈
☇☇☇☇☇☇☇☇☇

EVERYBODY help! You can do this from home!
Call, email & RT the HECK out of this!
202-225-3121
TWITTERSTORM!
☈☈☈☈☈☈☈
☇☇☇☇☇☇☇

CONGRESS 202-225-3121
EVERYBODY help! You can do this from home!
Call, email & RT the HECK out of this!
Everyone should be well aware by now of all the lies 45 told to get himself elected. There are no more surprises.
This is the most hate filled Republican budget in history. It is UnAmerican... but then, I guess that's to be expected.
What do you expect from a serial liar.
And yet Pennsylvanians voted for him anyway. SAD!
Trump used his supporters to make himself $$. I hope they actually open their eyes now. He doesnt care. Wake up! You were a vote. Thats it.
Well fact check on 45 once again indicates his standard behavior - lies and more lies.
Nothing new...he's a liar.  Everyone should know that by now.
dt never made a promise he didn't intend to break.Apparently.
in which white, Anglo Saxon men lorde over those they feel are inferior.They dont know yet, that he only said what he did...to Win. #PAWNS
The further Trump goes into his presidency the longer his nose grows.
its his audience. The KKK and White Nationalsts were taken in by his ability to soeak on their level, to feed into their altered reality,
We're so sick of his broken promises! It's his business jargon--say whatever they want to hear in order to deal the deal. And, of course,

This does not work for me! You wanna see old people take to the streets! A lot of cranky old people! Just you wait trump! Keep it up!
He's a FN liar. A friend to the wealthy, definatly not us poor slobs who actually work for a living and not pillage a country.
Fuc.....
Message: we don't care what the people think or want. Democracy doesn't matter
So he's cutting the entitlements I pay for today, & won't see tomorrow? I'm okay w that. But you'll enjoy
1/3 of my weekly pay goes to social security, MediCare. Such a disgrace. My kids need that $ for college.
If U read the Budget instead of getting facts from #FakeNews. He simply stopped increase-no cuts. It won't go up 6% it stays the same. Idiot
That's because he's a lying POS
Would any Trump voter repeat that vote, knowing how Trump has lied to them?  Midterms will allow voters to remove @GOP across USA.
What? He lied?
Noooooooooo...
How much longer do you have to listen to Someone Like This? #WTH
Direct contradiction? He's been in office for four months and EVERYTHING is a contradiction. Aka lies.
just figuring out that he is all talk?
So don't vote for it. Knock it down. Convince other Trump supporters that it's a betrayal
"He copied me" The President of The United States is a fucking 6yr old.
Lier in chief
These R's masquerading as Christian is a grave danger to society -nothing remotely Christian about this budget.It's an attack on the poor.
Resign Casey. You are a fool
fake news man.  Pathetic
Keep hammering this message, just like the GOP would, as per Frank Luntz. #GOPKleptocracy #AbuseofPower #ObstructionofJustice
Has he kept any promise he said I don't think so he's nothing but a bigly fat orange lying piece of crap only out for him and rich friends
Stop Orange Hitler and his GOP traitors!  By any means necessary
So he lied....what else is new....
His base is uneducated.This should be an easy teaching aid. 
#TrickleDownEconomics #TrumpBudget #TrumpRussia
His presidency is a direct contradiction to life
Senator Casey if ever there is a time to adopt a Republican Town Hall, This is It! Great opportunity to share what's really in budget.
.@SenBobCasey Trump's bar for social and econ decency is so low that Sen Repubs will defend their cruel budget as the fix. Pls expose that.
The seniors will stop him now, you dont fuck w/Social Security but Repugs always try. Old very rich white men who dont need that lil check
...70% of the elderly in NURSING HOMES (our parents & grandparents) are on Medicaid. Where will they go?
He has turned on so many things he said as a candidate. Unbelievable!
Can you say Dump is a liar!
More slanted B.S. Bobby.

Cant believe all these commenters who r okay with runaway entitlements. Dont u want people 2 work/help themselves?
Only the Trumpites believed him in the first place! He speaks with forked tongue!
The Republicans new budget rollout?
Just what U could expect from sociopathic Republicans, it'll be off of the backs of the poor & disabled
Right ...@OfficialJLD - 2020 lets go 45 sold out everyone but the #richswamp - Have fun shopping at Walmart now - #trumpnation #trumpbudget
Surprise!  He lied!
Please show me the page this is on so I can believe you
It's deplorable.
@CapehartJ  Only DJT supptrs don't know he's a pathological liar We know he is one So what are you going to do about it? 
Does his word mean anything? Is campaign promises different then governing...should it be? Next election weak will be paying attention.
I'm not surprised 
The GOP is ruining America Democrats must take every drastic legal measure they can to stop it
@sunny why be surprised, he lies like a rug.
It is a great puzzle- why do people vote against their own best interest? Especially in the state of KY?
Price tag when fear of equality and secularism trumps fundamental rights like healthcare and public education
And how about Obama's budgets? Oh that's right, you/ he never presented one.
The GOP can make it pass with little to no resistance i think right ? they have an huge Majority in senate and house
What does anyone expect from a pathological liar. He would lie to Jesus Christ if they were face to face
PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY HERE NO DOUBT!  #TrumpBudget
And so we will be watching how you and others vote on that budget, senator. #theresistance
Okay it's a fact that there's a Trump tweet to contradict anything he says it does, but this is just tragic. Especially for his voters.
As long as blacks are hurt worse than I am, or I at least think it hurts them worse, it's a net win for us. #MAGA
SSDI is SS.  Don't let his liars fool you!  This is sinful - and he is touring three major religions right now. #irony
@Sentoomey  I hope you are listening.  The people of Pennsylvania deserve better from the WH and Congress.
Tell em Bob
That's a rich budget, get it?
Liars lie.  His supporters didn't think he'd lie to them.  They just wanted him to lie to educated people with IQs over 100
His basket of deplorable are doomed 
#MAGA
@ItIzBiz Yes it is but inline with Trump himself. Say whatever you need to say to get the votes, then shit on everyone. Classic
He lied?
When will the lies by Senator Bob Casey stop? Bob Casey must resign immediately for the good of the nation! Is he working w/ Russia & Putin?
No you just lied! Then you wonder why no one trusts you, zero credibility
N his words r like bullets n soon those bullets will kill. Slowly n methodically. I blame Trump/his family/Ryan/Pence/GOP n electoral col
This 
Casey, shut up and support OUR Presedent..
I agree but you're going to face a headwind in Pennsylvania especially in WestMoreland Butler Erie & Washington  Counties. u got my vote
OMG! He broke a campaign promise! SOP for him.
@kathieallenmd @realDonaldTrump ..... what????  CONald Trump lied?????  THAT IS NEW INFORMATION !!!! Sad!
You have to admire that Trump's followers are willing to die for their messiah.
And you and Huckabee and his offspring, like yours are all total liars. Your going down and@ Melanie won't "hold" you back. Down.
POTUS IS A CONMAN
@realDonaldTrump Not keeping your promises-no surprise
No shit, Bob
Social Security does not belong to the government but to the people who worked and contributed to it all their lives.
More lies. How could the ppl who voted for him be so foolish. And they are the ones who will suffer
And, it makes children and the disabled pay for perks for the rich.  What a country.
only surprise is that yall are surprised. This hole trumpadoodle carryon has makings of  a great comedy. To unreal for a conspiracy thriller
The man is a habitual lair, not some of the time but the majority of the time..
This budget is cruel and unAmerican
Senator Casey has becomes a hero!
we shouldnt be passing ANYTHING of this man with  mental health issues&Russian ties til investigation.Its wrong! #Trumprussia
we need someone to step up and tackle DSHS and college financial aide from the ground up . Quick fixes DONT WORK. #trumpbudget
Donald Trump you are the greatest LIAR ever. You are an immoral bully. And the GOP congress are weaklings and cowards. #2018votethemout
huh?...he lied?....shocking...shocking I say....not...
Obama bailed out banks...Trump cuts funding...both widen gap...lying to get elected gets us nowhere...lying gets us nowhere...
Nope...Obamas first days in office...
@realDonaldTrump - more money for tax cuts for billionaires and military?  You are a liar of the worst kind.  Broken promises - LIAR!
Its a good thing for repubs that seniors aren't very concerned about healthcare  spending and rarely vote in midterm elections...oh...wait.
...you got that right Buster, I'm a senior & I VOTE EVERY TIME 
BLUE, of course
@POTUS whole concept of budget and tax reform is a pipe dream.  Maybe that's why many of his businesses went belly up!
