BREAKING: House OKs GOP bill erasing much of Obama's health care law, answering campaign pledge and sending measure to Senate.
Nope. Don't count on the Senate. Perjury by AG, Stock manipulating HHS, EPA lawsuits by EPA sec, & Cray-cray ole Ben Carson, ALL confirmed.
Oh, yeah,,, I forgot about know-nothing Betsy DeVoss., Education Sec.  Geezus.  Don't count on the Senate.
Your constituents appreciate your stand here, @SenBobCasey
I am speaking for "meself" so please to buzz off.
Senator, the entire state of Pennsylvania is looking your way!! Deport this bill like @realDonaldTrump deported that mother and her 5 YO son
Let's be clear: this is NOT a "replacement" - it's a full repeal with NO replacement. And it GUTS Medicaid and Medicare.
Stop projecting. It DOES.
Stay Strong and try to persuade your republican peers. We cannot allow this to pass. We cannot go backwards on healthcare!!!
Yes we should wait till senator casey's bill goes belly up then we will how many people don't have insurance
What was your point exactly? I couldn't understand your lack of a complete thought.
Sorry just trying to say that Obamacare will fail and now is the time to work on a bill that will solve problem
That would be lovely, but I don't see how we can fix anything until we get the healthcare corps and big pharma out of congress's pockets.
We are with you and @sensanders as you build the opposition.  Thank you for representing millions of scared Americans. #resist!
Thank you for your leadership against this!
Thanks Senator Casey. PA is so very lucky to have you fighting for us.
Bring what on? Actual healthcare coverage for ALL Americans? Then, yes!  Plz don't try to rewrite history by saying Obamacare worked. Not!
Fight like hell, Senator. We have your back.
Today, on Star Wars day this is most appropriate: Help us Senator Casey; you're our only hope.
We cannot thank @SenBobCasey enough for standing up for his constituents and what's right. THANK YOU!
I'm happy to see you can be counted on to do the right thing.  If possibly please communicate to @SenToomey on this issue! #Trumpcare
u refused recognized u passed a bad bill and then fix it and this is what u have...look at yourself in the mirror
Stay strong and do America proud.

Love you! Your leadership and compassion will help me sleep tonight!
I swore I would never vote 4 another male again after today's destruction so I apologize. U r a great fighter for #realPA & I will fight 4 u
PLEASE TALK SOME SENSE INTO THE PEOPLE. It's not about Dems or Repubs it's about being able to receive affordable health care!
Least there's one good person fighting the fight.
@SenBobCasey Fight with everything you have Senator.  We need you now more than ever. This is devastating to our family. We are scared.
@AP Bob - please stand against this bill and send a message that this is NOT what PA residents want
how was Obamacare unconstitutional? Please explain how this bill is better in any way.
Thank you for your continued support of all of us
Gutless GOP Representatives...all they did was kick the timebomb over to the Senate.  Block it and kick it back!
I'm numb. I'm angry. I'm sad.
I'm crying
It's a pretty terrible feeling. Money means more than people.
Yes it is.  Happened to me in District Court this month also.  Don't forget about local races.  Judge is a GOP PUPPET. Made an ass out of me
I'm sick and poor.
I'm sorry you're sick. My mom's RN & knows the downfall of no insurance on hospital. My dad has oodles of preexist conds so it affects them
I'm an RN; just too sick to work.  Thank you.
Millions of lives hang in the balance here.  This must be stopped.
Senator Casey, stop this please.
@SenBobCasey is too stupid to understand that forcing people to buy something and the taxing them if the don't is unconstitutional!
@SenToomey my vote will be decided by your votes on this bill. Better make this right again.
You hear that @SenToomey? @SenBobCasey cares about his constituents. Maybe you ought to as well. #XXchromosomes #ACARepeal
@AP please stop this in the senate.
Thank you, Senator 
DONT LET THAT SHIT PASS BOB I SWEAR TO FUCK
Thank you @SenBobCasey #SaveOurCare let's fight back
So glad you are my senator.  Thanks for being there.
How mature.  It did not turn out too well when 43 used that exact quote.
We are about to see what real leadership looks like not these bunch of sycophants
I appreciate your calm resolve Senator. Keep being a force for good.
Please talk some sense into your colleague Sen Toomey & tell him to vote NO.  This bill is bad for PA.
Thank God for senators like you.
We stand with you! PA-11
Thank you for continuing to stand up for all of your constituents.
As a constituent I want to thank you for taking a stand against it.
Please don't use that phrase. It reminds me of George Bush before the Iraq war.
SAVE US DADDY
Cheering for you, Senator Casey! Now, if only we Pennsylvanians could convince @SenToomey to advocate common decency, too.
Love you man!!
My 26yo autistic son won't be able to see psychiatrist or get psychiatric medications now. I'm sick over this! Ever tried spending time
With an unmedicated autistic adult who a master of self stimming noises when he's unmedicated?
you're such a tough guy. Lol. Best image of the day you clown
I love that fighting attitude
If you want, you can keep your doctor. If you lime your health plan,  you can keep your health plan.  That worked well.
You've got my full support. This will play a huge role in how I vote in the next few election cycles
Fight like hell
Don't let it pass
Thank you for fighting for us, sir!
Keep up the good fight!
Thank you for standing up us.  Now it's time to get the full Senate to stop this in its tracks.
DISGUSTING SELFISH HUMAN BEINGS
Kill it Bob, kill it good. Whack this weak crap away like u where Manute Bol & then give them the finger wag #resist
Your twitter game is on point. Glad you are my senator. We will be watching @SenToomey.
Please, vote NO and tell all Senators to do likewise
Ugh you're my hero 
Thank you Senator! I will be reaching out to your office to start volunteering for your reelection #WeWillRemember
That's my man.
@AP YESSSSSSSSS. @SenToomey you on board here for he people? Or will u weenie out?
Wise up!   Obamacare is imploding!  You just want the govt. to handle Healthcare.  Then we can die waiting for care like the Veterans!
Loving your attitude and actions, Senator
#ResistTrumpCare #resist #persist and tell @SenToomey he ain't heard nothing yet.
In honor of Star Wars day: "Help us, Bob Casey. You're our only hope."
Keep up the good fight, @SenBobCasey! You have my full support in stopping this monstrosity of a "healthcare" bill!
That's what they said when they crucified Christ. (Matt.27:5)
thank you for fighting for us
We're behind you 100%, Senator!
Please fight it Senator....The House let us down!!
Thank you, senator! We are counting on you! You can count on me in 2018! #TheResistance
THE SENATE MUST NOT PASS THIS!!!!!
Thank you Senator for your work! Can you talk to @SenToomey on his constituents' behalf too? We haven't been able to get in touch in months!
Now that's what I'm talking about. #Obamacare saves lives. #Trumpcare kills lives. Help us save lives, @SenBobCasey. #TheResistance #VoteNo
We hope the Senate will truly represent the people who elected them
Vote with a big fat NO!!!
@kingofgonzo @AP represent your state, sir. We voted for this.
Senator Casey please fight for us!
Please do NOT let this pass the Senate. Please!
Sir can you please publish a record of how all the Congressmen and Women voted.  Thank you.  Zip 19454-1075
Which PA Reps voted yes?
I know Brendan Boyle is against.  Sooo
@RepScottPerry of my district voted for it. He is NO friend to the people of this district.
Perry voted yes. He's my rep too.
My country actually scares me lately.
awfully sure sounding, mr minority party.
Mr Casey your tweets on the 5 year old Honduran restored a little bit of my faith in this government.
Thank you, Senator Casey, for having our backs.  We have yours.  #WeThePeople
Don't let us down.
Thank you so much. This needs to be stopped.

Thank you, @SenBobCasey, for speaking up for Pennsylvanians that cannot!
Thank you Mr Casey for doing right by the people of Pennsylvania and all other Americans!!!
Please help us, senator. See if you can get @SenToomey to help you. We are his constituents, too.
Hi Bob can you deal with Pat? Xox
THANK YOU for fighting for what is right, not what is political.
We're counting on you, Senator Casey. Knock 'em dead!
Do you think they will eliminate the legislative filibuster to get this through?
You know what to do, Senator.
You are the best!  Love that spirit!
Thank you being our fighter and champion, @SenBobCasey!!
Stand strong Senator Casey. We are with you.
Quash it Bob!
#RESIST #THERESISTANCE just growing stronger. Thank you Senator Casey
Finish them, Bob.
Singing as they vote to strip millions of people's healthcare is the most twisted and sick thing I have ever witnessed. #WeWillRemember
PA is counting on you senator!! Please don't let this outrageous bill through
the people have spoken! REPEAL & REPLACE!
Thank you senator Casey
@AP FUCK THEM UP SENATOR CASEY
What can we do Bob. Tell us!
Please stop this tirade
Please help stop this madness. This bill is an evil disaster. Please.
Behind you .
