For equal access to education, for civil rights protections, and for an ethical transparent government, I vote NO on Betsy DeVos.
Thank you for your vote. Can you help me understand why we are not able to start the impeachment process?
Who do YOU have in mind there Bobby? How about having the best interests of the STUDENTS over teachers in mind?
so you think the uncertified people charters hire @ low wages, are going to teach your kid calculus?
Who says they are uncertified? You? You either know Calculus or you don't.
law says up to 25% of charter teachers may be uncertified. Which positions do you think are hardest to fill?
Which law?? Varies from state to state. Parents don't need to be "certified" to teach their own kids....we home schooled.
you quiting would raise the ethics level substantioly
ethics in government? Then you should quit
Thank you for voting no to DeVos!
thank you for doing what is best for our students!
thank you for voting No and trying to convince the senate republicans.
Do you listen to your red county constituents around Scranton or do you take your orders from Dem. leadership?
I've emailed called signed petitions I'm afraid for my daughter and grandson.  All leaders stand up.
this isn't about what u want fool. It's what UR CONSTITUENTS want. U Democrats just don't understand. Gone in 2018.
ur have common sense and intelligence issues don't you? Drain the swamp. Dump Casey in 2018.
thank you Senator Casey. We don't want her either.
why is that so difficult for them to see? $$ talks 
How about someone who is about improving the quality of education?  Is that not the most important job of @usedgov ?
thank you for your opposition. Those who stand with you will remember.
Republicans would have confirmed Elmer J. Fudd for Sec. of Ed. if @realDonaldTrump had nominated him. #RiggedCabinet
Still a sore loser huh?
@VP @POTUS I want someone from PA that isn't a groundhog in your senate seat Scranton Bob! Another big "L" for you 
Thank you Senator Casey. I teach public school. I promise to watch DeVos like a hawk.
How can we, as citizens, continue to fight against Devos? If the Senate will not listen, what can we do? #DownWithDevos
please respond can devos attend my children's IEP meetings if she knows what they are
now that VP voted yes can "separate but equal" be far behind??
@moonalli @usedgov THANKS SENATOR CASEY!
wasn't there one more republican you could of grabbed by the balls and make him vote no? Come guys stop playing nice!
it's not about what you want it's about what the people want. Typical
- Thanks for listening to your constituents on @usedgov nominee.  Wish @SenToomey would listen to us. We will remember in 6 yr!
Thank you for doing the right thing and voting NO on DeVos.
I completely agree, My American kids have less access to college than immigrants.  Please look up word equal
ping pong....ping...pong....
Mr. Senator, those are backwards claims. These "civil rights" are entirely unethical.
you Democrats are about blocking our President. Crazy
YOU using the words "ethical government" is a friggin HOOT.
Sir, please stop playing these games and start doing something for the people of your state. Thank you!
shut up and do your job
Thank you
equal access to what? The school of their choice ?
all those things don't teach anyone to read,solve math problems,or compose a Facebook post,you're misguided again,2018
Del. REP says 10 of 3700 for DeVos. Watch for TRUMP EFFECT.
teachers union is Cash Cow for Democrats. DeVos challenges that.
@SenSchumer @usedgov @VP @POTUS Right on John!  Mooooo... Chuck and Bob, time to "Eat Mor chiken" 
one hour left.  Betting she gets voted in.
I want someone Qualified for the job.  That is not Betsy Devos!
Watching Dems on c-span. Idiots.
Thank you for standing up against this nomination. Your fellow Sen. Toomey is misguided & is drunk on Trump's Kool Aid
Bob, you can follow her right out of the door. Which you will after "18"......people in glass houses you know,,,,,
The Senate needs to demonstrate that it works FOR the American people.  NO ON DEVOS.  @PASenateGOP
@SenSchumer With two GOP voting NO, convince one more to skip vote, not a recorded NO, but 1 abstain = 50-49 & no tie break.
we agree @SenToomey do you?!
thank you for your strong opposition to Betsy DeVos' appointment.  Seen you colleague lately?
As the mother of a 14 year old who attends public school in PA . . . THANK YOU from 18603!!!
please get fellow PA Senator @SenToomey on board! Thanks for fighting for all kids and equity.
Thank you for standing up for us and our children!
and you and your anti American ways are not the representative we want from Pennsylvania
Thank you for speaking up for the future of our kids and for public education! #noDevos #DeVosvote
do NOT yield the floor. she does not deserve a vote.
She doesnt even support public educatio I feel like Im living in an alternative universe where facts no longer matter
thank you for working for us!
Thanks from 19146! Keep fighting the good fight!
thank you Senator Casey. @SenToomey do you have the people of the commonwealth and US in mind as well
thank you for your time and support. Thank you for listening to your constituents. It is appreciated.
YES!
Thanks for your strong stance on this!
she gave Toomey $50K - he still needs to vote AGAINST her for PA's sake - NO BUYING VOTES.
.@SenBobCasey @usedgov thank you
Thanks! Surely we can do better.
totally agree. Thank you for your support! 
I want government officials and dept heads that arent bought or sold. Both sides have been guilty far too long.
From special needs parents everywhere, thank you. Keep fighting for our kids! #NoDeVos
Thank you for all of your hard work on this, Senator.
They said that about Ronald Reagan also.
please push for just one more person to vote against her. Voters around the country are watching. Thanks for standing strong!
Because the current system rates the US where?she cannot be worse than the current system!!!!!!!!
Thank you for fighting for PA, that's what the people want!
Thank you for all you are doing for my children's education and futures.
Thank you! And I'll add, someone who isn't a major campaign contributor to so many current members of two branches.
Betsy DeVos is out of touch with American people and the public school system and is wrong Secretary of Education
Democrats are out of touch with Americans, why you all last in November, maybe you'll should start listenin
Ethical Government? Does that include pols that don't lie to further divide the electorate for personal gain? IRONIC!
The @usedgov is going to be shuttered under Devos.
COUNT ME IN!
we're with you.
