Trump pardons former sheriff Joe Arpaio following his conviction for disobeying a judge's order in immigration case. http://apne.ws/8fEZZnj 
.@realDonaldTrump thought he could do this during a hurricane & nobody would notice. We did & must hold him accountable.
You are in American sir. Obama's failed policy LEFT Joe no choice but to stick his neck out for the safety of Arizona.
Where were you when Obama pardoned criminals from Gitmo you add!
Not an abuse. It doesn't change the law. It only changes the effect of punishment for this criminal defendant.
you're wrong.
Then DO SOMETHING Senator! Stop enabling this dangerous @POTUS.
By refusing to act, @GOP -- especially @SpeakerRyan -- endorses Trump's crusade to undo everything President Obama accomplished
Everything Obama accomplished should be undo and the fake outcry about pardons is unbelievable.The Obama pardons were of terrorists
Impeachable him.
Certainly glad President Trump isn't as nasty as you. All men arrested deserved it. Much shame on you
racial profiling is lie and you need to stop using it as a political tool.  Illegals are not above the law.
No he was doing his job. You and obama were encouraging lawlessness. Try supporting laws not your snowflake agenda
Only pardoned bc he was put in jail under Obama's watch
M PEACH TRUMP SOON
Yayyyyyyyyyyy Go joe! Tell us all about this corrupt Party! They are scared of the tapes you have
And Obama pardoning drug felons was ok?
When are you going to allow our President to do his job
If the pardon is an endorsement of racial profiling, what did you say when Obama endorsed murder, terrorism, drug dealing and gun crimes
president Obama's pardons of drug dealers endorses that behavior as well by your logic. Oh and there was a little thing about Manning
#IMPEACH CHUMP
Please point me to your tweets complaining when BHO pardoned convicted felons.  Arpaio was convicted of a misdemeanor.
Don't be stupid about this.
Stupid about what? Do you want to take away the President's right to grant pardons? Do you agree that BHO should've pardoned a PR terrorist?
He defied an judge's order to obey the Constitution.
Unless my eyes deceive me ruling says he violated a judge's order which is why he was charged with contempt of court.  Bit of a difference.
Senator, please express your disapproval to your fellow Senators and rally together to stop this insanity.  This is hurting our Country!
Not an abuse of power, but we clearly see where he stands on diverse racial issues.
Is there a precedent for using pardons mid-term? Isn't it usually as they're outgoing? Or can we hope Trump is outgoing?
He should have at least waited for the guy to be sentenced before pardoning him! POTUS shmotus.
Pardon is an admission of guilt and open hims up for civil suits, lots of them!
Yup
Where is your CALL FOR IMPEACHMENT???

NO MORE TWEETS, JUST ACTION!!!

CALL FOR IMPEACHMENT NOW!!!
ACTION, Bob - ACTION.

Don't just tweet - where's your CALL FOR IMPEACHMENT?

Well past time to rid our country of this fool.

ACTION!!!
So 44 can pardon actual harden criminals and you said nothing! Come on !!!
So what can we do about this?  We are all honestly in fear for our country and our lives
No, I agree with Trump's decision. I don't agree with your blatant egregious agenda driven tweet!
It's time for action. It's time for impeachment to rid the country of This Racist who's ruining our country.
JUST LIKE YOU, WRONG ALSO WITH YOUR LIBTURD ATTITUDE AGAINST PROTECTING THIS COUNTRY FROM ALL ILLEGALS!
Yes, it is. What is Congress going to do about this president?
It's wrong, but what are you going to do about it?
Where was your concern when Obama, Hillary, & their appointees were proving their lack of concern for constitutional processes
You on the other hand are trying to be a popular "old white guy" by fitting the current narrative, good luck with that!
Thanks for having the courage to say this. Wrong is wrong and this is about as gross an abuse of presidential power as I've ever seen. Evil!
The racial profiling is against Joe, he's an "old white guy", that's not very popular today...
We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
Didn't Obama pardon hundreds of drug dealers?
You're right but what anyone do about it?  The same questions applies to the transgender ban. I'm am sickened by Trump.
No one cares what casey has to say.  He's a hateful lying democrat.
And another case for impeachment.
Bobby your a liar what about all of Obamas pardons!! Rapist and murders, drug dealers
--
Former Presidents have pardoned real criminals. U throw a tantrum when a person is pardoned for a misdemeanor? USA is doomed.
@AP  Wat about all these leftists judges that think they are above the law & they know better than the written laws?

You want to talk about abuse of the pardon process look no further than Obama & Clinton.
A Federal judge tells law enforcement not to enforce Federal Law,  REALLY!
Some day you will learn to get over yourself. Judicial over reach is a problem in this country. Only leftists support it
Words, just words. What are you going to do about it? Not a damn thing, as usual.
BHO - 1,927 individuals convicted of federal crimes were pardoned - care to comment on those...
Surprised me. You don't endorse racism or hate, Mike.
Senator Casey What are you and Congress going to do about it? Tweeting you're feelings doesn't help the American people.
Yes, because he pardoned a drug felon and terrorist.   Oh wait, my bad.
The conviction was wrong. Sheriff Joe did a fine job, for many tears. The pardon was spot on.
Was @BarackObama pardon of @xychelsea an endorsement of treason?
The conviction was wrong. He did a fine job, for many years. The pardon was spot on.
No, what was wrong was convicting a man of a crime for DOING HIS JOB.  So glad to see the sheriff pardoned!!!!
What is the applicable law violated? Stop playing party politics and think for yourself.
You mean like your good buddy Obama.
Sen Casey, will u ask for a pardon 4 misrepresenting the citizens of PA.
Agreed.  Now, what are you going to do about it?
@realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS & the corrupt family regime prove daily the incompetence of this @WhiteHouse Overthrow this abomination now!
Obama pardoned traitors, drug dealers and murderers. Where were you? Another RINO gonna be looking for a job.
Give it a rest Senator,  you said nothing of releasing dangerous criminals, illegal aliens who kiled people, a traitor,  pedophiles
But, hey, racial profiling is what the US has ALWAYS been about!  Trump is just an "in your face" racist. We like our racism more subtle!
Senate dissent
Call for impeachment or go sit down.
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
It is not enough to merely condemn obvious abuse.  The man is mentally unstable and unfit to serve.  #Amendment25
Please push to revoke Trump's pardon power. I believe this was a test run, the next pardons will be even worse; traitors to democracy.
And Senator Casey, please remember that Reality Winner is locked up, jailed for letting America know about the Russian hacking. #Resist
Thank you @SenBobCasey for going public. More voices are needed, & especially from the GOP. 
#Shameful
Why even have a Legislative Branch if the Exec. can simply overrule the Judicial? Thank you for denouncing Arpaio pardon!!
So, do something about it.....#ImpeachTrump
Obama pardoned a traitor. Any concerns with that?
Under other circumstances he would be tried as a war criminal
So what will you do, Senator? How will you and your colleagues who are outraged respond? Words mean nothing without action.
He needs to go. This isn't about party, this is about the damage he has done to our Democracy! WHEN is Legislative going check and balance?
It's even worse when @realdonaldtrump  did this during a hurricane when people may be dying in Texas. He is a cold racist coward
Please. Let us know one law, rule, ethic, norm that Trump HASN'T abused since the day he took office.
And what are u going to do about it?
Do something!
unemployment line
but tell us we don't deserve a wall and that I'm a racist. You are a has been race baiter and going to the...
committing crimes. You dnt care because you live in your wealthy neighbors with your security systems and gates...
So what's going to be done about it?
What are you going to do about it?
What can be done.. Censure? Reversal? He is unhinged and is acting as an autocrat,, we are no longer a democracy.... #sorryassGOP
Sir - what is the Senate going to do about it
Trump could cure cancer and you would find something wrong, loss of revenue to the drug companies you would say
Unlike pardons, commutations don’t officially constitute forgiveness of a crime. So basically Joe Arpaio, bc hes not a sheriff WAS FORGIVEN
Abuse to pardon someone who enforces our immigration laws?
Get him out!
@AP Bobby, bobby, look at what obama did.....don't forget people who live in glass house's.....
Including drug dealers and terrorists
Unstable, unfit for office, just more deflection. #45 is a clear & present danger.
Really Bob? What's your take on 44 pardoning treasonous Chelsea Manning? Stop this stupidity!
It IS wrong. We warned you.
@AP Laws are made to keep honest ppl honest. Which is why 45 gets by w/it,bcGOP doing nothing 2 stop him. Ur a lawyer,do somtng
So what are u and your fellow senators going to do about it??
Isn't abuse of power grounds for impeachment? Asking for 323.1 million friends. #Article2
Then act & start the IMPEACHMENT process now! Actions speak louder than words! Impeach this slithering snake #fakePOTUS
So what is Congress going to DO? Scolding him isn't a solution.
The Great Dictator - Charlie Chaplain
What are you thing to do about it? Are you urging House members to impeach?
Please, please start proceedings to #ImpeachTrump
This is not wrong. Presidents of the past including Bill Clinton have pardon before trial. As a senator you should know history
What will you & your colleagues DO about it? We're tired of empty words.
Come on Congress, do something about the pig who's destroying America. NOW
.@realDonaldTrump stirs up his base this way. Awards a racist for racially-motivated actions.
He also wasnt racial profiling however he also denied a woman her insuline and medcare for which she went into a coma died in 3 days
A white woman! Sorry there was a word missing shouldve read wasnt JUST racial profiling!
DO SOMETHING to counteract this despicable abuser of authority rather than just tweet from your safe space. @SenJohnMcCain @RepAdamSchiff
You are wrong but that doesn't surprise me.  Used to it from you.  Retire already....
Please list all the Obama pardons then get a bag to throw up in
thank you for standing up. Now we need your leadership to continue to publicly expose POTUS sanctified bigotry
But it was ok for Obama to pardon a terrorist bomber. smh. your gone soon
Their is a problem with "justice" in the US and that is why there are riots and discontent
The justice department is a farce. uS highest incarceration rate. No workers cause everyone has a criminal record.
Bobby you never criticized President Obama when he pardoned Chelsea Manning. Why?
I've made peace with the fact there is a class of people above the law. It doesn't make my brain scream or stomach burn at all.
"It is wrong"?  Then how about actually DOING something about it?  Enough of your muted "outrage"!  Literally only Congress can save us now
It is an abuse that James Madison stated constitutes an
impeachable offense.
https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/view/articles/2017-08-23/arpaio-pardon-would-show-contempt-for-constitution …
Pardon process, I'm sure our previous administration utilized all the proper processes.......not
This is a sign to anyone who might make a deal with Mueller 2 testify against Trump ... they get pardoned if they stay loyal.
Bullshit charge and you know it bob
This from a Senator who tries to convince citizens that people who broke our immigration laws deserve our help. Hippocrite Bob
Don't hear anyone complaining about all the scum your king Obama pardoned before he left office. Hypocrites!
A high schl gvrnmt class knows this.
How about doing something about it?
Every day you let this continue, there's another person hurt.
WTFU!
We have all these checks to ensure balance in system and none of the current "statesman" have brains or heart to start process
I'd say that the brains aren't with you either as you clearly don't know what checks means or how pardons work
He needs to be removed before he starts pardoning Flynn, Manafort, Kushner, et al. PLEASE!
You do know how a pardon works right?
Are you kidding? 44 pardoned/commuted many black drug dealers. You don't get 30 years for being an angel. Disappointed again Sir. #clueless
When are you & the rest of the members of the House & Senate going to stop being "disturbed" & ACT?  Hollow words!  #ImpeachTrump
And you should make it retroactive to the date you introduce the bill. We all know he's going to try to pardon his co-conspirators!
What bill? He can't pass any bill, scotus would knock it down immediately. Read article 2 section 2 of the constitution please
If you really feel that way, impeach him. Do something dammit!
Senate and House should make it where the Pres can't pardon anyone in a criminal case/impending if he is personally involved/investigated.
No they can't....article 2 section 2
Let's talk about abuse of pardon...
Please get Trump out of office!
Thanks for speaking out.
Then do something about it!
POTUS is undermining rule of law established more than 200 years ago. What is our legislative branch going to do about it?
Impeach him.
You never batted an eye when Obama pardoned or commuted sentences of convicted criminals but you're quick to criticize Trump on this!
You're nothing but a mouthpiece for the Dems. You don't serve the people of Pennsylvania! You serve  your democratic leadership. No in 2018!
Obama pardoned a convicted murderer, some call a terrorist & hero. And you're upset about this? Where was the outrage for Obama?
We need congress to step up and protect our constitution. Can you rally your colleagues?
Article 2 section 2 gives potus the power of pardons anything congress does would erode the constitutional protections. Do you even think?
So ... do something.
When will the senate and congress take action against yet another @realDonaldTrump abuse of power?
@JJohnson2u @AP 
Then DO SOMETHING!
Oh so post you're award for helping Black people like Trump did. I'll wait . probably forever. because you have none.
Worse than that, it gives law enforcement power to choose which laws to enforce. This is how you build a dictatorship if you're organized.
We know this is wrong. Please fix the loophole in the Constitution by requiring congressional approval for presidential pardons.
What are you and your colleagues going to do about this, sir?
Impeach
Well, what are you going to do about it? I'm getting sick & tired of seeing Tweets from Senators denouncing Trump's ludicrous behavior! 
How about you guys stop Tweeting, get together & actually do something about it? This is completely unorthodox. It's time for him to go! 
Abuse of Separation Of Powers
Judge Murray Snow, who found Arpaio in contempt, should fight the pardon. Pardons may not be valid in cases of contempt. 
Maybe can be unpardoned by 46?
Someone needs to introduce a bill now, that would limit the presidents ability to pardon when the president is being investigated.
Yeah yeah. Tell me something we don't know about this asswipe.
#IMPEACHdjt&cohorts EVERYTHING djt HAS DONE HAS BN WRONG. he s A CROOK A WANNA B CRIME lord.
Every average American with a functioning brain understands this.
then impeach
But when this works, he can pardon his friends and family and maybe himself. This was a test balloon. #itmfa
Trump's next pardon Dylan Roof?
Timothy McVeigh?
So @SenBobCasey, what are you gonna do? Do you have a plan? Is it bipartisan? DO SOMETHING! Get a petition going! Again! Get this ass out!
DO SOMETHING, or step aside so someone else can do something!!
Indeed. 
Do something about it.
it's WRONG to presume Joe Arpaio is guilty of anything substantial enough to warrant trial & prison time
thank God the jury did not convict George Zimmerman based on political lies told by the press,but judged the real evidence proving innocence
Yeah, cuz Zimmerman is an upstanding citizen. Nothing racist or violent in his actions since
you obvious;y know none of the facts of the case.
it's also wrong to presume Arpaio guilty without even knowing the facts. Most of what is said about Arpaio is partisan lies, not fact.
Presume he's guilty? There are decades of facts. He was already found guilty - contempt of court. He's a repeated civil rights offender.
1.  Found guilty for contempt. 2. Accepting pardon is admission of guilt. #factsmatter
he was denied his right to trial by jury
Do you not read?.  READ the LAW. It was a misdemeanor.  Not entitled to jury. He was found guilty. Accept pardon=admit guilt
Maybe if we keep shaming him he will have a crisis of conscience and change!  Empty condemnations are worthless.  Do something.
Do something!!!
It's an abuse of power. What's it going to take for GOP to take action: #ImpeachTrump.
Add to the articles of #impeachment  #impeachtrump #ImpeachTrumpNow
1st of all the executive can pardon any1 they want it's their constitutional power. 2ndly impeachment is in the house he can't do that
Obama pardon traitors and terrorists. Your thoughts senator?
please go on record with your statement re the pardon. Unacceptable act by DJT.
Failure to act is support. We need more than talk Senator Casey.
He can't do anything about it, pardons are the exclusive right of the executive branch, but if you knew your constitution you'd know that
Impeachment. Abuse of power through presidential pardons are grounds for it. If you knew your constitution you'd know that.
Article 2 section 2. Read it. Notice it gives NO conditions for pardons and that it's exclusively the power of the executive branch.
Here you go...
https://www.senate.gov/artandhistory/history/common/briefing/Senate_Impeachment_Role.htm …
And the point of you sharing this is??? I know what impeachment is, I'm afraid you however do not. It isn't an "I didn't get my way" tool
Because you clearly don't understand how/why articles of impeachment can be brought. This is just the most recent reason.
 please use the brain the good lord gave you. What part of article 2 section 2 do you not get? The pres can pardon anyone he wants 1/2
#impeach
Yes wrong!
It only takes 1, SENATOR, GENERAL, MEMBER OF HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES, TO ASK FOR A FORMAL PSYCH EVAL & TRUMP CAN BE REMOVED 25TH AMENDMENT
Great.  So when can we expect to see you introducing a legislative device to advance Impeachment proceedings?  Talk or walk, Senator.
