Photos of Trump's meeting with Lavrov and Kislyak just hit the Getty wire and they're all credited to Russian news agency TASS 
Why indeed!!!! Traitor in the Oval Office and it is not the Russian!!!
Good question!
The Americans have already accepted barbarism. Perhaps it isn't too late - to change it.
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1274169976001387&id=760313374053719&substory_index=0 …
Why do American cable channels broadcast RT here? Couldn't we sanction them on that & not allow it?
Pay for Play
That's a good question for your @SenateGOP  colleagues, like @SenatorBurr @SenateMajLdr & @SenJohnMcCain #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #Impeach45
Our journalists were not allowed. How is that possible?  @FBI @CIA @NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff @SenatorBurr @Reuters @AP
Because they and the bought out media were all in on it from the beginning! Remember the debates! They never really tested his competence!
.I remember I was yelling at them thru TV. Had to stop watching my blood pressure was going up. Now they act so surprised nothing being done
@realDonaldTrump  because they own his fat baboon ass?
The state sponsored news agency of Putin's Regime? #CNN?
Why

Isn't 

Any 

Republican 

Congressmember 

Doing

Anything 

About 

This?

Are they all being blackmailed?
Republicans all sell their souls for money. Crooked & corrupt as they come
Trump loves Russia and wants to sensor all of us
Because trump is Putin's puppet
trump is unhinged and time for pence and cabinet declare him unfit for duty
You forgot that Muslim Brotherhood was in oval office of last administration. Guess that was ok, huh?
When you find out can you let Americans know?
Because you all allow him to do it!
This crap is treason! And it has to stop! If Trump likes Putin and Russian so much, he needs to move there! Last time I saw we were FREE!
Agree with you 100%. His supporters can go too since they think Russia and Putin are so great. If a Dem was doing this we know what R wld do
Tramp is insulting everyone and everything he can't completely control, he's ignorant irrelevant and illegitimate he's destroying Democracy
Sadly, we seem to be living in a state of suspended reality where the grossest corruption is played out right in front of our eyes.
And sadder still, the GOP no help and Trump supporters still worship him. I thank SenCasey for being a patriot & caring about our country
How can they still support him?
Crazy, isn't it?  I have neighbor who still has 2 Trump signs out with white & red lights all around them like a shrine. Freaky!
They know the score that's why! And they know that we will be asking why as they questions like " WHY! " until they take us to the gallows!
Also, why is head of state meeting with another countries head of states underlings in Oval Office?. This diminishes the office of POTUS.
That should be an investigation
Because after paying for the White House, they wanted to use it. That is how ownership works.
You can see that @realDonaldTrump must be making the best deals.  For...?
Is 1 of these guys the same 1 that's in this clip?
I this clip
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
#IndependentInvestigationNow
When Russian Foreign Minister Lavrov heard about Comey 
The answer seems to be pretty obvious.
EVERY American, no matter political affiliation, should be outraged & disgusted by #Russians getting access to #WH while Americans shut out.
@paleofuture  go back to sleep Bob.  It's not an election year
Good question #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
You need to ask Toomey and Dent. They're gop!
It gave them time to plant bugs in the Oval Office @SenBobCasey
no American press at meetings wonder why? That tells it all Is Trump in bed with these fellows?
@debiphillips Because IT IS PUTIN'S OVAL OFFICE.
Good question!
Bc DT is feverously looking for someone to support him! He didn't think about the fallout about going beyond the  sandbox. He's in trouble
Right on Senator! And why did WH readout of Lavrov meeting not mention Kislyak? W/out those 'surprise' photos we'd never know.?
@mr_jettlife
I think he will decide to just resign because he doesn't enjoy the job - His ego is too bigly to face the consequences of this
How do we get him out of office? He breaks emolument, nepotism, obstruction of justice! I march, contact, resist but NOTHING IS BEING DONE!
It's been so bizarre and a bit eerie. Republicans on The Hill are dead silent. Guess they're busy looking for their own bushes.
No official recordings either. Does Tass have the conversations? If so, kompromat? Treason? @SenBobCasey @paleofuture
What are we going to DO about this? Wringing of hands is not a strategy!
Because Trump is a puppet and his staff is incompetent.
Easy Trump wanted to show his bosses around so they can be comfortable within the Oval office.  They'll spend more time there than DJT does.
Why is @POTUS  standing and laughing as a Russian visitor mocks our free press?? He's weak and nothing but a Russian stooge
DJT fires Comey, then has private meeting with Russians & 1 Russian news agency, excludes all other media. WH could easily be bugged now.
Because Trump is trying to learn how to be a dictator.. We have become the laughingstock of the world..
Because we have a Russian puppet regime in our White House currently...
Please find out Senator!  We are counting on you and your colleagues.
*discluded from
My question, exactly. All of the American press were disclued head from this meeting.
Why were the American journalists & photographers banned from this meeting to begin with? I haven't heard anyone ask the WH.
Because our President is a traitor to our great country
Probably a statement of @POTUS aspirational goals.
Because they give Trump Russian prostitutes who will pee on him.  I'm sure a few American journalists would be glad to give DT a "shower"
That's a great question. Perhaps some oversight body should carry out their Constitutional duty (checks & balances) and investigate?
We all want to know what are they doing in "We the People"  Oval Office of WH! What is wrong with @POTUS
And why was spymaster Kislyak at the GOP presidential convention???
So Russian media gets access to the White House but American media does not. It's still not obvious to the uneducated.
@m_millsey @paleofuture Because these three thugs are best buddies. Hot Moscow nights.
Thanks for asking that. Can you get an answer? Wd LOVE to know. Speaking of "bad (or sick) guy"...
Because we have a compromised #potus ?
Because Russia has a first amendment?
The GOP is just fine with this
Russia live tweeting in Oval while US media banned like watching a hamster inside Run-About clear globe being chased by cat.
Senator Casey we the people would like the answer to your question also.
Probably because in spite of everything else, they're less biased than the US media.
Because @POTUS is a traitor.
TY for your attention on this issue. US press denied access, while Russian media allowed access. The word #treason almost jumps out.
Because he works for Putin 
True dat
@Senate During An: Russian/ Trump Investigation & Russian Cyber Attack Of USA, During RUSSIAN SANCTIONS!  Russian's Invited To White House?
@ABC @NBC @CBS @MSNBC @FoxNews @CNN  During Trump Russian Investigation, Russian Cyber Attack USA, Sanctions, White House RUSSIAN'S INVITE?
Bc Putin owns Trump
That's a great question for your comrades in the Senate. Too soon...? 
Because they own him!!
@paleofuture Because Putin instructed Trump, who is a faithful servant to him and a traitor to us. That's why.
@paleofuture Rhetorical question. Trump is the definition of "useful idiot".
More than likely to plant bugs and to take detailed hi-rez photos than can be analyzed for RU Intel purposes.
Yes why Senator ???
Good question.
Silly! It was so Trump could pass the thumb drive w Comey's computer info on it--his bodyguard visited Comey's office in his absence.
I'M ASKING THE EXACT SAME THING SEN. CASEY...THANK YOU FOR DOING YOUR JOB PROPERLY!
@paleofuture This is proof to Putin/world who controls Washington Trump is all in No more back door liaisons Disgusting traitor
Trump a puppet Traitor Collaborator of Putin he so arrogant he blatantlygiving state secrets to his Lord and Master Putin
Traitors! That's what they are.
B.C. Mien Kampf trump is Putin;s puppet!Plus his Bromance!Surprized they;ve not had sleep over @ WH!Maybe why Visitor log isnt made public!
Well how else could they get all the bugs in the office
Duh! Geesh! Why didn't you ask Guy in the first place?
Bugging the Oval Office and other rooms @whitehouse ?
Possibly planted spy equipment?
@SenSanders http://www.salon.com/2017/05/11/a-coup-in-real-time-historian-timothy-snyder-says-the-comey-firing-is-trumps-open-admission-of-collusion-with-russia/ … @HillaryClinton
Welcome to @realDonaldTrump Russia first policy.....this is Trump's #MAGA
Because @Potus is weak.
We know where the so-called president's loyalty is placed (somewhere near black sea)
He likes them better than you. Those aren't journalist they are pundits
Especially on the day after Comey who was leading an investigation into Russian influence with @realDonaldTrump campaign.
To get the list?
@Suzanne1869 @paleofuture Maybe discussing how to get rid of US journalists, and how to hack  more elections?
Because Trump has no respect for the press and the people of this country..he's all in on Russia
DJT getting marching orders?
And how did the WH not know? Or so they say?
Welcome to The Wonderful World of Trump.   Where US media is fake news & Russia's journalists receive the utmost respect.  Move to Russia DT
Looks like Trump was an active participant in the Russian photos!!
U.S.PHOTOGRAPHERS NOT ALLOWED IN THE OVAL OFFICE??
TRAITOR TRUMP!!
I've NVR seen 45 with such a HUGE smile. Happy to be with ur comrades? @realDonaldTrump All while keep OUR press Out. U turn other way? @GOP
The equivalent of pissing on the flag. Hearing Putin, himself, requested this access. Slap in the face to our NATO PIP ally, Ukraine.
Come on, every president has historically shown respect for the people who put him in office.
Unfortunately they are laughing at US
@paleofuture because trump is for the Russians due they give him money #DirtyDonald
So, we tried to shut out RT reporter when Obama was in .  ALL press should have access though.  Trump needs to quit attacks on journalists!
Begins with a T, ends in Reason. Where ya been Senator? #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
The WH claims they were tricked. One could say they yanked @realDonaldTrump 's chain.  As one does with a puppet. #Putinspuppet #TrumpRussia
BECAUSE WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE OF A RUSSIAN COUP OF THE UNITED STATES. WE. MUST. ACT!
Our new source of information. Russian news.
Bcuz 45 is a traitor
Because the Trump White House is full of incompetents
The house is on fire
It's called collusion senator
Why, it's Russia stupid. Trump loves all things Russian. You already know this.
That's a damn good question Bob , a damn good question...
Can you PLEASE speak out against this, @RepTomEmmer? We're really hoping we have a patriot representing us in CD6.
Actions speak louder....

M A R C H   O N   D C
S E T U P    C A M P
H O L D   Y O U R   G R O U N D
Because Trump is a #PutinsPuppet
Why allow them into the White House unsupervised?  Is Trump getting his updated instructions?
Because Trump
Why do you ask a question you already know?
I'd love to know the justification for this.
Well, thts a good qtn. Y don't u ask?
Hmmmmm. Never thought of it that way.
Has the Oval Office need screened for listening devices. This would have been a ideal time for electronic experts to plant one.
If meeting with Russia in the WH with only Russian press allowed is not treason against the United States of America, wtf is? #Trumprussia
Because their puppet works in the oval office. What a disgrace to all Americans
The odds of getting a truthful answer 2 this are slim-to-none...no, too high, uhm, zip? zilch, nada, nil, squat, bupkiss, a big goose egg 
Why was the Russian Ambassidor seen, and photographed, with democrats at the joint session speech?
America has some of the best journalists in the world
Good question. Please help! Can u say constitutional crisis?
I dunno. Why don't you ask him.
It's simple, Bob.
1) Trump's an aspiring dictator.
2) There isn't a second reason.
They asked really nicely? Please tell me the WH is being double checked for bugs and malware.
Sarah Huckabee says WH photog was there. Let's see the pictures!
They had a job to do.
This should alarm EVERYONE!#TraitorTrump #TheResistance #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion #TraitorTrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCollusion
because that is how Putin wanted this meeting t go
Yes, could you now please ask #PutinsPuppet the same question, as well as #GOPhypocrites? Or are they part of the #collusion?
Because @realDonaldTrump is a wholly owned Russian subsidiary.
@paleofuture POTUS sleeper agent #littlenikita
Corruption right in front of us while Lavrov laughs at reporter & Rex again does nothing. Best friends they look very happy to see ea other
My question exactly Senator. And Lavrov insulted American journalists in OUR HOUSE. How is this putting America First?
Because the president is a traitor.
Is that a rhetorical question?
Assuming this question is rhetorical.
Because #Trump Putin more than democracy.
Yup, now Putin can brag about how Russia messed with US election and WH rolled out the red carpet 4 them and meet behind closed doors
. Because America is over dude.
Senator, I support your reelection bid; but very disappointed w/Dems What about latest EO 2 spend $$ invest. VoterFraud? Lies?
Because apparently Putin owns us.
The Russians planted a President in the White House.
Forgive me, It looks like the Fat cat just eat the canary? Do We need a poster saying, I am with Putin. Signed by our President! 
and why were U.S. media refused addmittance?
This is a disgrace and an embarrassment!  Where is the outrage!  I am so outraged, more outraged than ever(except Nov.9)!! #TheResistance
Because the WH was afraid Lavrov and Kislyak would kill our journalists? Just kidding. Comrade Trump would love that.
You can't fix stupid !!
Get TrumPutin & spawn OUT of OUR WH !!!
Hmmm... could it be he has to? Can only imagine what TASS has on that guilty golfer. Fears US journalists over Russian ones? #nixon2.0
Love to see their clearance verification message
That is a remarkably concise and cogent question, Senator. Donnie @realDonaldTrump , we'll wait for your response...
Because 45 is being blackmailed by Putin over money he borrowed from Russia during financial crisis.
Because Trump & Republicans are Putin's puppets. And they're STUPID for allowing them in the Oval. #surveillance
Are you going to retract this inaccurate and false statement?
And that's a great question, sir! Republicans will not answer that.  Glad to have one Senator with a spine.
Them new Russian communication devices dont install themselves

Developing: FBI confirms agents are executing a search warrant at the office of GOP Fundraiser/Consulting firm in Annapolis
Trump can't even keep photos private... and he is trusted with much greater information..  he is unfit in every possible way for this job.
Why aren't you worried about things that affect us here at home in Pennsylvania
Please let the American citizens know if you get an answer. We don't like Russian spies in our Oval Office while @potus restricts 1st amend.
Because the GOP are Putin sponsored, money bought & Russian's needed 2 better bug & do measurements 4 make over for Vlad. America is dead
Mr Casey, rather than post rhetorical questions, tell us what actions you're taking to stop this fascist takeover.
Sickening.. Trump is so far into Russia he lost control
Fuckin A Bob
Because we have an illegitimate, dimwitted, Kremlin-installed @POTUS, maybe?
WTF man. Can anyone show me the way to America, uggggggg!
Need to stop speaking & start acting!! Get him out of the WH however you can & take the rest of the traitors like Pence with him.
Trump's buddys.... Please impeach him!!!
Seriously?  If all this is starting to seem insane to you, trust your gut, IT IS!!!
Good question, Senator.  I'd like to know why on earth a Russian reporter/photog would even be allowed in the Oval Office. #riskybusiness
