When he was confirmed in 2006 were your  senate colleagues wrong then or are they wrong now?
How can most of our elected officials be okay with this?
think most progressives knew that. He will probably be just like Scalia. Meanwhile someone mentioned a prayer circle around Ginsberg&Kennedy
Read the trump kiddies are talking to Kennedy asking him to consider retiring. True?
Seriously?
@msprophit #stopGousuch- A sad day when you change the rules, so you can win!! Bring the children in!!
dems changed rules under harry reid
Thats why we want him. Gorsuch does whats right, regardless of the opinions of others. Being part of the crowd is popular but not brave
It would seem not just the liberals on the high court but also the *conservatives* don't agree with you. :)
I will always stand for what i believe to be right. I dont make decisions based on who else agrees and that is what i like about gorsuch.
... If they don't know the law, don't nobody know. And they all rule he was wrong. 

But of course I'm sure you knew that.  };)
I repeat, being in the majority is not what makes a person right.
IAnd I,  not about popularity but  about people who know law all saying he's wrong.

 "Everybody out of step but Johnny"? 
Hardly. -Laugh-
Has happened to me more than once. Stand against an entire room and eventually be proven right. You need to be a real leader to know this.
May they continue to do so
Well it looks like its finally happening country is split can't get along civil war number 2 inevitable. Sad really sad.
Mr Casey you are responsible for this you and your political cronies are you happy. You are the problem.
Setting minimum standard for public school systems is not out of main stream !   Expecting tax payers to solve 
every problem is.
Gorsuch is all wrong! When the gang votes against the newby he should not get the seat! He's not wanted in the elite club! Nor should he be!
nonsense BOB. You phony moderate
No. You're leading people down the path of destruction. Gorsuch was supported unanimously by bars, clerks on both sides of aisle.
To bad he got confirmed no more liberal constitution hatting obama judges
Thank you for your resistance, Senator. He's a bad pick. Stay strong, @SenateDems. Pls #StopGorsuch by any means necessary. - Amy in 19148
#StopGorsuch @SenateGOP even the other SCOTUSes have ruled against him!
Judge Gorsuch is a good judge. He got approved.
Asking tax payers to solve every problem every child may bring to school no matter what the cost is unrealistic and unfair.
his job is to rule how he see it not how you want him to rule.
Bob u just have the crazy libs supporting u, most don't live in PA where President Trump is our hero.
Yes!
and Garland is a left wing activist .America vote to go Conservative live with untill yall win
And now even more whack jobs will get in, thanks to you and @SenSchumer .  Imagine DeVos as a judge?
Why do Repubs HATE our disabled children? Our children have no hate in their hearts and they teach others compassion. They DO contribute!
They would think they're a drain on system they don't produce anything they're not perfect.These r the kind of men we r facing no heart soul
And SC may turn on Gorsuch...
@Melissa75661113 Thanks for the ammo.
.Convince moderate Republicans of that. Insulting to hear of speaker high 5ing.
You calling out a person like Gorsuch is a real joke..
you have something in common then!! nice
@senSasse @JeffFlake
@MikeCrapo @SenThomTillis
@SenJohnKennedy Children w/disabilities didn't stand a chance with Gorsuch.
@ChuckGrassley @OrrinHatch
@LindsayGrahamSC @JohnCornyn
@senatorLee_cmc @senTedCruz
Children w/disabilities didn't stand a chance w/Gorsuch
Let's replace you with Rick Saccone in 2018. We need a serious person for that job not a Dem. robot who obeys Schumer's every command.
Keep fighting the good fight.
We need to trend this; mainstream may not know? #resist
Sick of Right Wing foundations dictate law
He's also a severe sociopath.
did heritage neglect 2 actually READ any gorsuch decisions or are #VictimsOfGorsuch so insignificant in pursuit of zealot driven ideology?
He's not as progressive as people think, scratch the surface for truth.
@IndivisibleTeam @JohnMcCain this should be enough
Exactly.
He use children like liberal fascists to try to get leverage on people. He's more compassionate than you are.
Your out of the loop.
@PAGOP & you are "Sen Perfect" repeatedly denying life to unborn babies with heartbeats & movement.2018 can't come soon enough.
I'm going to assume you support Women and Children programs since you're pro....but I assume wrong. Once they're born, you don't give a shit
Say It! Gorsuch is A Right Wing Extremist! Stop being so damn polite!
Thx Sen Casey! GORSUCH WAY OUT OF THE MAINSTREAM. UNANIMOUS REJECTION OF  RULING & JUDICIAL PHILOSOPHY BY SITTING SUPREME COURT. NO GORSUCH.
And he's a plagerist
thank you for pressing on vs Gorsuch
Thank you Senator Casey!!  Protect our children!
...and clearly out of his league!
Help stop the monsters from killing children, people. Please help stop them.

Shouldn't we just assume, that if DJT is corrupted by Putin by Kompromat, & many appointees w/ him, that Gorsuch could be in same boat?
He was following clear legal precedent, which is what a good judge does (and the reason why Democrats don't want him on SCOTUS) #gorsuch
Thank you for speaking the truth.
I guess we should remove Sotomayor from SCOTUS since she was ruled 8-0 against in the Merrill Lynch case!
Yo, Gorsuch, they rest of the guy's/women don't want you in their club, take your crap and go home.
@IndivisibleTeam Thank you! This rush to confirm can wait till the FBI investigation is over. #Trumprussia
Yeah, if even Alito and Thomas vote against you, there's something wrong.
You voted for two Obama appointees that were routinely over ruled by scotus- hypocrisy at its finest
THANK YOU FOR VOTING AGAINST JUDGE GORSUCH !. No nominations should be allowed w/ 45 & ASSOC.under investigation for COLLUSION
Thank you, Senator.
Current scotus also doesn't oppose Gorsuch nomination 8-0 so, there's that too.
Don't forget that .@BetsyDeVosED doesn't think disabled kids have a right to equal educational opportunities, either.
Define Mainstream?  Define Reasonable?   Do you represent all Pennsylvanians or just follow the Democratic Party?
Somethng tells me somebody apparently doesn't know much about the current make-up of the Supreme Court.  -chuckle-
#stopgorsuch If he's so great, wait till #trumprussia is over and then, go for it! What's the urgency now?? You old freaking hypocrites!
supreme court noticed Judge Gorsuch purposely misreading the law to justify his own errant interpretation
We want Citizens United overturned What happens if Neil Gorsuch is confirmed??
In the TV commercial for Gorsuch, he says something about ruling for kids with disabilities. Makes me furious. What is he talking about!?!
@SenateDems 
Hey Malevolent Hypocrites, WHY Did U Overwhelming Vote 4 Him Before??
He only has lost one case. Obstruction
Thanks @senbobcasey. Please help @SenRonJohnson from the formerly great state of #wisconsin understand this.
Is it possible that the "mainstream" is wrong?
Unlikely, if right *&* left on the USSC coincide.
Given the fact that we're experiencing an across-the-board, generational leadership failure I'm not convinced by that argument.
And Ginsburg was "mainstream" Not. Gorsuch will be fair balanced. Someting u communist social propoganda hacks cant fathom!!  Losers all!
Losers all? You're including Alito, Roberts, Thomas in that too, obviously. -Snicker- This is why we fought fascism in WWII. :)

He followed the law. You should try it. #confirmgorsuch
If confirmed, he would make law....no thanks plagiarist and child hater.
Wow. That's the exact opposite of the truth. Maddow?
Fox, Alex Jones?? Educate your sorry ass
#confirmgorsuch
He was also bound by 10th Circuit precedent, SCOTUS was not
Please do! Gorsuch is garbage
You're not going to stop Gorsuch. How about doing something useful and introduce a term limits bill for congress?
I must have missed it, but I thought we already *had* term limits, except we called them "elections"? "A people gets the gods it deserves."
lol that's not how term limits work
