This horrific hate crime should serve as a stark reminder of what happens when hate and bigotry go unchecked.
Eight years later, A. Phillip Randolph and Pennsylvania native, Bayard Rustin, chose this day to March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom.
While progress has been made, we must continue to fight for that dream Dr. King told us about 54 years ago today.
Seriously you are rehashing old civil rights issues . No thoughts about Houston ??
You could...I don't know...read his previous two tweets about Houston 
Yes he is so PC which just dribbles out of every tweet ... PA needs new leadership not more progressive socialism.
Progressive socialism gives my kids healthcare and a quality public school education. And probably provides your social security check.
Problem. all these things don't come free as you may think like most progressives. Redistribution of wealth to you is what it is.
Fear mongering by a nut job democrat. America was not like that until obama and you democrats decided the country
Thanks for brining up the past!!  I live in Mississippi and actually we get along fine until idiots  like you keep it stirred up!!!
Why would you bring that up other than trying to start up more racial dived Democrats love to keep the race bating going on the
Count on Dems to add fuel to the fire. Act like you care to gain votes. DEMS keep stirring racial divide since you started the KKK in 1865.
What's ur point? Get back to work for Pennsylvania, you grand standing empty suit playing to people's emotions
And they were both registered Democrats!  Now who are the racists?
Bryant and Milam, both Democrats.  The legacy of your party is notorious.
Actually they tortured him, cut off body parts, beat him to death.
Hence the word "lynched"
He wasn't lynched. That would have been much more humane than what was actually done.
Lynching=torture and murder, usually associated with hanging
Jesus - what is wrong with you ?
#BlackLivesMatter
So senseless -- then and now
Were they democrat or republican?
Keeping hate alive; great job
I know- those murderers had no shame.
Glad to see the Sentor is up on his history shame it was Democrats that done this hateful crime the ones you vote for
Why don't ya'll understand that liberals and conservatives switched parties? Oh wait, you do. Propaganda is for fascists.
Glad to see the Cinotto
Senator in this time  of divide why would you bring this up something you or i had absolutely nothing to do with maybe up for reelection
Why would you bring that up other than trying to start up more racial dived Democrats love to keep the race bating going on
Both Dimms I'm sure
This is what lefties do when they are desperate to get elected, divide us. Especially Casey who would never be there except for his father.
And there you go with your race baiting be.  You are no better then that awful Obama.  You're father would be disgusted with you.
Then stop your BS and start working it's people like you that keep this country from coming together
13 years later PA sentenced to death 3 black teenagers. Never forget Sharon Wiggins who died in prison in 2013.
Peachie
Fanning them flames aren't you Bobby
Bobby, I put up with a lot from you.but WTF were thinking? Trying to stir things up? Get your head out of your ass and think! Wow brain dead
Was he a democrat Bob ? You are the party of slavery after all

Let's not forget--unthinkable actions took place a mere 62 years ago.
Bob, still on the CIA take I see.
Says the same Sen. that's wants to erase Hx by tearing down statues. Make up your mind!
BABYLON, stop all the tearing down of your false idols & monuments, IT IS TOO LATE, judgement is for certain. All Praises
@WendyMarcinkie1 please don't let our world go back to those days. Stop Trump
I second that!
You are witnessing TMH wrath to a city in a city that supported mistreatment of God's jewels, even lied about a so called moon landing.
Keep the hate going senator good job DA
Today in 2017, these assholes are wreaking havoc on our country. Yet, you remain silent.
Thanks for posting this.  We need to learn more about our history and work towards equality for all.
https://www.gofundme.com/help-lynette-fund-an-invention …. @SenBobCasey
Important to acknowledge and share this and to fight for real racial equity. We have 21st century Emmitt Tills. #BlackLivesMatter
Dem history lesson. Now through Planned Parenthood federation the Dems kill blacks before they are born.
Keep trying, you might actually find a way to stay in office! Don't fuck with America! You fraud! Reagan, from the grave has got your ass!
WTF? Huh?! The desperate are searching for something to hold on to their Confederate Roots, to tell us they matter. 'Mercia scoffs!
Good that we remember this. Pray to God that we are not moving in this direction again.
With the overabundance of #WhiteSupremacists and #Nazis coming out of the woodwork, expect more such abominations.  
#resist
#ImpeachTrump
Hey haters who want to forget hate crimes- our potus won't denounce KKK/neo Nazi, so HE brought this up.
Woman who accused him of touching her lied.
The Democratic Party was the biggest supporter of lynching and the KKK around this time...
wow! You're seriously tweeting this?
I'm certain TMH hears our prayers in this land of Babylon, these devils shall not escape judgement, we all see it happening. ALL PRAISES.
judgments upon them they refuse to repent as scriptures says soon the fullness of Yahuah wrath will be unleashed.
On this day in 2017 Bob Casey became a bigger  dividing douche then in 2016.... who would have thought that possible #divider
Were these two men put in jail? Probably not! Some people want to be able to do the same now !
Praying Casey does not get re-elected.  Any ideas Senator or just race baiting for votes?
MLK would be appalled attributing actions to race instead of character. Obama fanned the flames of racism... Mike Brown hands not up
Last night #ANTIFA violently attacked innocent American citizens.. No tweet on that?
Thank you for reminding us of the horrors of racism so we can confront our past and deal with it. We have reckoned with it yet
My god and now in 2017 we have a white supremacist sympathizer in the WH! So sad!
Wrong!  This all started under Obama!  He divided!
Carolyn Bryant(lady of the South) admitted she LIED on Emmett Till; her lies got a 14y/o child murdered. https://www.biography.com/.amp/news/emmett-till-accuser-lied …
Don't forget what happened to the native Americans inPA
Fitting that this date and the lynching of a peaceful conservative demonstrator are so close. Maybe history is trying to tell us something!
Our history (present) is such that we don't have a lot of dates *not* associated with horrible white supremacy violence, sadly. :(
If you truly believe that then you don't really know your (our) history.
So is this the Democrats way of building trust, harmony and reconciliation between the races by memorializing these tragic events.
Lynched is too tidy. They tortured, drowned, mutilated and also shot a 14 year old boy because...they could. Why the Arpaio pardon matters.
Arpaio did all that? Damn him. DAMMMNNN HIMMM FOR DOING THAT.
And they were loyal democrats
I saw pics of this poor kid. How could anyone do this to any living thing??
We should never forget the ignorant actions of those who came before us. That said, it is imperative that we stop teaching Hate.
"Divide" = "don't remind us how inhumane and hateful we've been.  It makes me uncomfortable so I'm going to blame you for my shame & guilt."
Regardless of party everyone needs to remember what hate does
#BlackLivesMatter #whitesilenceisviolence #love1another  #RISETOGETHER #STANDTOGETHER #WeAreThePeople #WeCanDoThis
Was Trump with his father there urging it on?
The GOP agenda would send us back to the fifties. Thank you for your efforts in seeing that they don't succeed. #PADems2018
I know it's still early, but that is the dumbest thing I read so far today.  You are winning so far.   Thanks for playing.
I just hope that you all are figuring out a way to get rid of the disease in the Whitehouse. He's destroying our country. #DoSomethingGOP
What we need to get rid of is Senator Bob Casey and that just might happen soon.
See, you leftist Democrats and your cohorts in media need to stop enticing ANTIFA to become mainstream. Stop going against our President 

Who ever thought 62 years later we would be having this conversation of hate in our country
And Senatore Casey is stoking the hate!
We need govt change
Hmmmmmm. INTERESTING.
All some do is divide.
