CBO: Trump is making Obamacare premiums more expensive https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/9/14/16308502/cbo-trump-obamacare-premiums?utm_campaign=vox&utm_content=chorus&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter …
#FakeNews
Is it fake news when Dear Leader says it and when the insurance companies say it? Because that's what is happening.
"Dear Leader" didn't force the nightmare called Obamacare on the American people. Comrade Barack did.
ACA is a "nightmare?" It's been the best thing to happen in my family re: health care. Terrible if we lose it. How's that koolade taste?
your crazy my premiums are so high it's like your paying quadruple for nothing
These people lie like it's their business.
Pennsylvania insurance rose by 36% last year and another 8.8 % next year...
They say the most outrageous things and people believe it. 
Is the $100K+ in donations you receive really more important than the health of the people you serve? You must support #MedicareForAll
Our Medicare system is going broke now how do you expect this country to pay for Medicare for everybody
Medicare isn't the panacea ppl think it is. Questioning & refusing treatments/Rx's/testing. It's akin to the V.A.& you still need to pay 20%
So - I guess you'll be refusing it when you turn 65?  We already pay more per capita than it would cost to have it for all
Do you always make assumptions & put words in other ppl's mouths? I speak from experience.[D] playbook says you now reply by insulting me.
I'm already 65
As a PA resident, when I was enrolled in the aca my monthly was over 100 with a 8k deduct high co pays and next to no coverage
Obamacare was a diabolical policy from the beginning; do you, your pals in DC carry it?
anything subsidized increases in price if there is no competition. corrupt dems knocked down #publicoption so now we are price gouged
Yes ours has gone up every year.  This year worse because they can't offer the better plans because the Cadillac tax goes into affect
The trump hasn't done a thing with heath care but try to fix Obamas hack job .
Obamacare was a lie anyways and u was a part of it...
And this was way before trump was elected so take your bs lies and do something for the pa ppl
All bc I made just enough money to not get any breaks and Bc I'm young there was no good/affordable plans,it's cheaper to not have
Don't blame our @POTUS it was failing before him, that's a Democratic mess not the GOP. Nice try though...
Obamacare is horrible
If you like your doctor you can keep them, you medical will go down by $2k a year. Wait who is to blame ! The Dems lies lies lies
We want a free market approach to healthcare. We want the government out of healthcare.
Must be another democratic socialist !
Stop complaining about the rising costs of the for profit health insurance complex. Support #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer now! @PADems
How about UPMC is creating a monopoly and the state isn't doing anything about it.
Vox? Now there's a source we can depend on for the facts. Bahaha!
and, so are YOU by not supporting #SinglePayer!!!  #Primary #MedicareForAll #tytlive
Why do most Republican senators fight the President we elected so hard
@SenBobCasey as a Pittsburgh construction worker, I ask you to help your constituents and co-sign @SenSanders #MedicareForAll thank you!
explain the higher premiums & deductibles before he took office.Y do libs think everyone is as stupid as them.U own ACA mess.
A professional liar at work. Dems messed up heathcare. They should be required to use the same healthcare as citizens.
Really? They haven't been able to get out of there own way.. these higher costs are on you Senator....
About to lose my health coverage (end of September). Was counting on the exchanges, with a couple month gap in coverage. This should not be.
Nonsense, you should have never implemented Obamacare
Amen
PA residents facing weakness of politicians thanks to Bozo Bob Casey. Sad.
Total lie. We all know who did this. Obama Pelosi Reid Schumer Sanders......you get the picture
70,000 Virginians currently facing zero healthcare options in 2018 for same reason. @GOP is actively attacking US citizens. Unacceptable.
GOP had nothing to do with Obamacare almost bankrupting the health care providers.  Bad business decision.
That's simply untrue.  Every major insurance company CEO has cited GOP sabotage as reason for pullout, increased costs, reduced coverage.
How do you explain all the companies before the election? The govt couldn't support ask the failing companies.  W/o the bailout they failed
YOU ARE FULL OF S--- ......STOP LYING ......... OBAMACARE COSTS HAVE BEEN RISING SINCE EARLY  I KNOW FROM PERSONAL EXPERIENCE
You are so full of crap idiot
Lol, guess this tweet backfired!
Dems own obamacare and that won't ever change. You made a decision to keep obummer happy, no matter the cost to Americans
You sabotaged healthcare system...my $680.00 mo Keystone Blue plan with 1500 ded is gone and Obama/Caseycare is now $1488.00 mo $8,000 ded
Your days in the Senate are numbered, precisely a little over a year left!
Really? Or it is because ACA was always a failure? Stop the lies and be honest, I know that it is too hard for a lying DemoRAT.
Your a damn fool ACA designed to fail from start and you voted for it, nothing affordable about it, let in go into the trash bin of history
Ins. companies suing the gov B4 Trump won election due 2 huge Financail losses. Everybody losing w/ ObamaCare, except 4 the very poor.
ObamaCare imploding long time. It's breaking the middle class&ins. companies pulling out due 2 huge losses& suing gov 4 subsidies promised
And not paid
Amazing how many people have forgotten that ins. rates were skyrocketing *before* the ASA! Wake up! #Obamacare
.You own this Obamacare BS this is all on the Democratic Party that voted it in PERIOD
Bob you are full of it
.Is that was Trump's been up to the last 8 years?
What is wrong with your brain Sen. Casey..
Are you kidding me? The blame game for higher health care costs is on you & your cohorts in the do nothing Congress!
You must be a big stock holder in insurance companies
I can't wait to vote you out @SenBobCasey hahahahah
Trump did this?
Your party DESTROYED our healthcare, so Shut Up! This is on YOU & Every #Democrat 
YOUR FAULT!!!!!!!!!!!!!
BULLSHIT BOB
Funny that nothing has changed with ACA,  therefore, if your people have to pay more they can say Thanks, Obama!
Obama did this uneducated hillbilly.
And Bob Casey votes along with the Republicans.

Bob Casey is a fraud.
Compared to OBAMACARE that stripped my wife off of my policy and now I pay for two plans for the same coverage?
Lol
Obama undermined the insurance industry. You dope!
No their not it's obamas fault but u want to blame trump but it's ok he's already a much better @POTUS than that terrorist #MAGA
Trump also undermines our defense. Please support transgender troops.
You're a FOOL democrats OWN HEALTH death spiral. thx for destroying it. NO COVERAGE anymore in az for my family. GET OUT OF IT
Hey Bob. Instead of trying to sabotage the current president. Look in the mirror and try to do something positive. Tired of the negativity
More lies by Bob. I hope the intelligent people see thru this.
Vox Senator? Shame on you sir.
Keep lying so Trump can win your state again in 2020.
As predicted, Obamacare is driving up costs. You are just a coin fed communist who won't accept accountabilty for failure just like Hillary
Bahaha! You're a joke.
Who are you kidding you Washington Democrat swamp troll you fake concern and do nothing.Just look at your lackluster record. You're a joke.
Um, yeah, LIAR!
Vox run by a major democratic donor!
OBAMACARE ALREADY A LOSER "you can keep your doctor, your plan and save $2,500 per annum". You own it!
Pretty sure Trump is not to blame for Obama Care. It all Congress fault. Because they voted to keep it. Shame on all of you
Sorry Senator, Dems own Obamacare with all the cost increases & huge deductibles! Your Bull$hit has no weight. Not GOP's fault!
Oh, really ??????
Can't you take responsibility for your own inaction. Blaming others is so 3rd grade.
#Obamacare was failed before @realDonaldTrump was Inaugurated. You know how my premium went up in #AZ, RIGHT? Stop Lying to #America! #MAGA
Hillary Rodham Clinton: 
Liar, Globalist Traitor
http://beforeitsnews.com/opinion-conservative/2015/10/hillary-clinton-is-a-monster-says-secret-service-agents-3064200.html …
Clinton killers (horrifying)
http://www.theforbiddenknowledge.com/hardtruth/clintonbodycount.htm …
A Review of Jew boy Saul Alinsky’s Rules for Radicals (Obama and Clintons)
http://www.theoccidentalobserver.net/2010/03/4381/ 
You're face is sabotaging everyone's eyes
But, you all said Obama care was perfect?
My healthcare cost went up way before Trump came into office. If the senators sign up for Obamacare we can keep it
Help us Mr Casey
What a joke.  You can really state this with a straight face?  How do you live with yourself?
Bull Shit the ACA was designed to die on it's own
Are you co-sponsoring single payer?
Stop the lying!!!
It's happening because you created  a giant land mine that would never succeed
No bob, President Pinocchio did that all by himself! #obamacareisahoax
Casey, tell the truth or get out of DC!!!!
NO #MedicareForAll #ACA is and always has been a bust #ReplaceCasey2018 our rates went up before trump so quit with the BS
So why aren't you backing single payer?
The Answer my Friends is Medicare for all!
Why are you trying to reinvent the wheel? Medicare for All!!!
If anyone sabotaged healthcare, it was Obama and congressional Dems.
Wrong !  Obama's Trap has been set .  And you sold us out years ago when you voted for something no one read.
I'm from Illinois. I was born with Spina Bifida and as an adult it's impossible to find appropriate healthcare as it is let alone insurance
Sir do you ever work on the problems you say the R's caused or are you too busy tweeting. I've seen nothing positive from you.
I hope you'll support Medicare-for-All, Senator #getittogether
What kind of BULLSHIT are you pushing, my health insurance has gone up way BEFORE President TRUMP!!! Liar
really? You and your buddy want to toot that PA is elderly friendly please the poor can't even get a decent ride to the Dr!
False - ACA is still the law of the land
This is comical and sad at the same time. Own Obamacare! It's a failure
Bob, don't get too upset about it. It's your last term anyway.
What an absurd uneducated statement. Why did premiums increase every year since inception? Why have insurers decreasing since inception?
Get real. YOU sabotaged PA residents HC insurance when YOU voted for obamacare, which initiated they ever increasing higher premiums!
Everyone would pay less IF you and dirtbags like Reps and Dems alike didn't accept bribes to never support Single payer.
No Senator the Obamacare plan from the beginning was going to go higher and higher. It's not healthcare any way. It's Medicaid Expansion
Costs were way too high before Trump even announced he was running - what you're seeing now is the inevitable implosion of a broken system.

This $$ has already been allocated for this WTH!!
Yes! HR 3354 a must read for anyone who cares where our tax dollars go. Less $ to health care more to charter schools
Medicare for All, please.
So please support single payer #HealthCareForAll
You mean the broken system bought and installed by Obama? Get real.
Totally disagree with you. Premiums/OOP deductibles were on exponential increases before Trump was POTUS. Obamacare IS and WAS already bad.
Wasn't our health care system put together by Obama and dems without any republican input??
Lou Barletta for US Senate from Pennsylvania.
@SenToomey care to comment?
Medicare for all or fix the ACA, reel the insurance & big pharm companies in, start fining them. They've been out of control for decades.
How can you lie like that obamacare was a disaster from the beginning people of tired of govt running their lives
I do not believe it.  Repeal NOW!
No, the ACA was built like a house of cards & its imploding on itself
No Bobby, they are paying more because YOU, the Dems, and @BarackObama designed the ACA so it would FAIL. Not @realDonaldTrump ....YOU.
You voted against importing Canadian prescriptions with the assurance that you support Medicare 4 all now you've done a 180
PA residents are paying higher costs because u and ur incompetent colleagues in the Senate did nothing for 7+ years to fix ACA. TERM LIMITS!
You can support the Medicare for all bill and that would help.
ur insurance exchange due to their ineptness cost me another $800..go f... urself.
Dems will always own Obamacare failures
you feel no responsibility for the effects ACA has had on middle class of PA, remember the lies disguised as promises? Who is paying less?
Your great Obama doubled our deficit so who's going to pay for Medicare for all
PA Higher cost of living is largely due to Gov Wolf's spend, giveaway & tax, tax, tax everything approach to governing.
Of course it's the Republicans fault it couldn't possibly be you left-wing liberals
Stop the sky is falling scare tactic!  Work with our President!  Obamacare sucks.
Ehhh, you undermined our healthcare system when you voted for #Obamacare.
We need single payer defined as every single person pays for their own healthcare...not the govt!
We already have Medicaid for indigent care
PA residents are paying higher costs for healthcare because senators like Bob Casey won't support a Medicare For All system.
DIDN'T PA RESIDENTS SUPPORT TRUMP/GOP (SELF-ENTITLED WHITE MEN)? If so, ISN'T THIS what they wanted? NO!? It wasn't for lack of warnings!
"Pot really calling kettle black!" Except OUR "KETTLE" ISN'T BEING INVESTIGATED FOR COLLUSION, MONEY LAUNDERING, ELECTION TAMPERING, etc.
Wow.  Does it hurt, Marie? Y'know..lhe stupid.
So you have an ear into Mueller's team?  Please, b4 u embarrass urself log off.
Stop blaming, President Trump for the mistakes of the previous Poutus ! If you can't be part of the solution, don't be part of the problem
I want to know why you're not on board with Medicare 
 for all...was so disappointed to see you don't support
It might not be feasible b/c of the Republican majority which refuses to cooperate. If Dems can't get single payer thru under the 1/
Repeal Obamacare!  The Dems are to blame for all of the Obamacare challenges, higher premiums, sky-rocket deductibles, & plan cancellations!
You're not smart there Ted.
What you said isn't true.
democrats created a system so complicated it needs  navigators and then wants the taxpayers to pay for them
How are they doing this? New false news talking point to turn us into "the Socialist States if America". #Resist one payer system!!!
Bobby, bobby, you really shouldn't quote, a news source that is some where to the left of Vladimir Lenin...#goodbyebobbyin 18
U can't blame that on Trump the prices have been going up for years & exploded the past 2 years u ignorant liberal y do u think Trump won
@SenToomey are you participating in solutions in committee or still sabotaging and making your constituents pay more?
thats a bunch of hooey and u know it.
Casey's running his mouth againhopefully sealing-the-deal on his NOT getting re-elected!Anything to make himself relevant-good luck#MAGA

The better deal is getting you out of the Senate
Wow really? My cost more than doubled before he even was a candidate for the nominee
And Pennsylvania's disabled children are on the chopping block again with Graham-Cassidy. The time to fight is now #SaveOurCare
They have been going up long before Trump was in office. Stop blaming the wrong people.
Awful.  This Admin is awful.  Keep fighting for PA, Senator!
Then he needs to support Medicare for all

Every single time I've called your office this year I've been assured you were for Medicare for all - turns out not?
No, we're paying higher premiums and deductibles because you forced a terrible bill with devastating economic consequences. It's on YOU.
Keep fighting for us, senator!
So give your a support to #Medicaidforall
His aid Jordan had been telling constituents for months that he was out front on this. However he seems to be doing a 180
I was really shocked to not see his name among the 15 other reps.
As was I, his office aids spent six months assuring residents of #rural parts of PA that #Medicare4All is what he was supporting -
@SenToomey ..Casey gets it..
Focus on the fiscal mismanagement of PA Senator. @GovernorTomWolf @MayorKenney
So maybe you should get behind @SenSanders & #MedicareForAll. It's an election year for you, buddy. 19341
