They’re not serious, just chasing an ideological trophy.
Absolutely! And is it true that they are selling this albatross to other Repubs by stressing how it hurts blue states? Are they that petty?
Yes they are and especially if you throw racist hate for Obama into the Mix.
So sad. I want everyone--Dems and Reps alike--to thrive and be safe, healthy, happy. Silly me.
Stop playing you helped pass Obamacare without most of you even reading the bill and NO discussion or votes from GOP
Over 150 Amendments by the GOP on the ACA. Stop living a fact free life
Yeah just like the Democratics did when you all passed this Obamacare train wreck without even 1 republican vote!But now we need seriousness
It is all about the $400 million from the Koch brothers. It is all about the Koch bros and their $$$.
@BillCassidy says that #GrahamCassidyBill gives power back to the States yet so many Governors reject it.   Huh???? #CallYourGovernorToo
shut up
@SenToomey Join your fellow PA senator and bring bipartisanship back to healthcare legislation. Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy !
@slcogop @katieomatheson @uwork4utah
There's irony.
you're just an obstructionist in a Red State,Philly & Pitt can't save your reelection,you've killed middle class
Bipartisan you mean O bummer care? How about just sticking to the constitution and stay out of AMERICANS personal lives.
The repubs want to get rid of Medicaid and all medical care for the poor and disabled.
They are only serious about killing off citizens in the name of tax cuts for the rich
Pennsylvania ppl can't wait to replace u in Congress S. Casey! R. Barletta for Congress!
Ummm...nope
Shutup bob....#canijustpunchyouinyourface
Thank you @SenBobCasey for standing up for your constituency on health care.
Ring ring ring.... hey Kettle, the Pot is calling from the back of the bus.
In other words "DO AS WE SAY GOP! We are always right!" 
They only want to get SOMETHING past so trump can say he's winning. They don't care if it's bad for us. They're hateful people.
If there's any hope of getting a fair exchange from Ds they would just to get the issue off the table. You know they won't. Don't play dumb
Like you Democrats did with Obama Care. Stop whining and start doing your job for ALL the people of PA.
I don't watch fake news, why didn't you engage them. It's funny that you passed the bill and your willing to stick it to the middle class.
The GOP, aka: Greedy old party is not interested in anything but money.
If Senator Bob Casey was series about health care, he would engage in publicly supporting Medicare For All.
I'm sorry to hear about your mom. Yes, this has already happened in our family.
My mom passed after 6 years in a home. She went on Medicaid after about 2 1/2 years. She had dignified care to the end. It costs a lot.
the good ones are so wonderful! The people are amazing angels! When my mom was on hospice, they were incredible to her. Peace to you.
Yes they would?!! However their eye on the prize is displaying theatrics on TV 4 their donors 2 show how much they're pushing 4 healthcare
If only Dems did that back in the day!
They want to do this. To get money from the rich
Bob, there was nothing bipartisan about the ACA
Save the ACA @TuesdaysToomey
u mean UNLIKE when u passed this mess?
What, you mean the GOP and Conservatives bend over and grab our ankles? You want free healthcare, keep dreaming shitball!
The GOP doesn't care. They just want a "notch" in their belt  let's see how happy every day Trump supporters are when they lose their care
Must have a debate on the issue - if it's soooo good why rush it? & PS healthy people do get sick....
They're snakes.
Ditto to you too!  Not one GOP voted for Obamacare & you didn't seem to care?
@SenToomey   You represent all Pennsylvanians.  Illness doesn't know party affiliation.   #DoSomething
From your lips to GOP ears. However they have too much money stuffed in them.
@SenToomey   You are in a position to make this right.  Do something
The @SenateGOP only cares about that $400 million they will get from the Koch bros if they succeed in ripping away health care for millions.
Hey Bob, the reason the Democrats are not in power is because the people rejected Democrats agendas and programs.
Hey Bob, shouldn't you be busy updating your resume so you can find a job after you lose next year.
Like you and your party really cares about bipartisanship! This bill restores freedom of choice & more to the American people.
They r not only a tax break for the soooooo called rich!
Little Bobby you are an embarrassment to PA.  You were only elected because of you name familiarity. The ACA always was a lie
A huge lie!
They are owned by their megadonors. The puppetmasters will determine our healthcare & tax structure...all to benefit them.
It's funny it's only bipartisan if it's a Democrat bill other than that they won't work with GOP for anything. 
This is nothing more than a distraction because they know the #TrumpRussia #Mueller investigation is coming to a head. #Trumpcare #ACA

Just like you guys did with Obamacare....wait something doesn't seem right here
Huh?
As one of your constituents I appreciate your engagement in this. How can the @GOP think for a minute this is democracy?
Like you would break from party lines. We need representatives that want whats best for the people. Not you!
Yes, they would. Especially since they will be relying on Dems to get tax reform passed. Pretty short-sighted of them.
Tell GOP you will vote for bill if an amendment is included that Congress and Cabinet members will get exact same coverage. No exceptions.
Or impeach trump
I thought @POTUS was bad but #GOP trying to out do him at every turn. Like a competition who can hurt more citizens that are not $$$ donors.
What bi-partisan process did @SenatorReid & @NancyPelosi facilitate w/ #ACA creation+passage If you want better now why not want better then
STOP THE LIES. There were 160 @GOP amendments to the ACA, and 100's of committee/public hearings. 
STOP THE LIES.
https://www.whitehouse.senate.gov/news/release/whitehouse-calls-out-republicans-for-secret-health-care-bill …
You're a very prodigious #LeftWing #Propaganda machine for For love money or a well managed #bot? #Shame
Not propaganda. Truth
#thisisafightamericacannotaffordtolose
@SenJohnMcCain
Please fight hard for us! Don't vote for budget unless bi- partisans efforts are made to move healthcare bill with hearings & fiscal impact.
If you had a brain you would stop tweeting every ten minutes do your job and reduce the trillions of dollars of debt you put us in.
Why didn't you do that BEFORE you rammed Obamacare down our throats, where you had to pass it before you  know what's in it? I'll wait......
Obamacare took months to pass and multiple hearings were held.  #getyourfactsstraight
Agreed.
Republicans Are Looking At America All Wrong. ...Education Is The Cure For Every Problem ..Healthcare.. Climate Change.. Crime
If you were serious about health care you would co sponsor the #MedicareForAll bill.

#upforreelection
They ARE serious about healthcare. They seriously don't want us to have it.
#thisisafightamericacannotaffordtolose
