HHS has told all 10 regional directors NOT to participate in Obamacare open enrollment events https://www.buzzfeed.com/katenocera/the-trump-administration-wont-support-state-obamacare?utm_term=.tkG415GpB#.qpeg0b5xB …

RETWEET THIS &MAKE COPIES TO POSTEVERYWHERE IF YOU CAN! Trump's folks cut the ACA notification & enrollment budget by 90%! 
Funny, I thought tRump swore to uphold the laws of the land. ACA is one of those laws.

Rather than complaining, can we take #DotardDonnie to court?  Isn't he responsible for upholding our laws? And #aca is the le of the land!

Why isn't Price fired for fraud, waste & abuse of gov resources for personal profit? @SenToomey @SenateMajLdr @RandPaul @GOP @SenJohnMcCain

Trump is furious that his Trump (No) Care bill failed, so now he will punish the people until he gets his way. What a child.
Very accurate
What can be done to stop this stupidity?
All I can suggest is 2 get involved w/ an Indivisible grp. If you don't have an active group near u, follow @IndivisibleVent - VERY ACTIVE!
This isn't helping you wake up . It's a huge tax cut for the wealthy period that backed Trump and GOP they are demanding their pay off
Your right $600!!
Price subotages our healthcare while he scams tax payers for $500.000 private planes for his lunches and vacations
He needs to be fired immediately
Senator, U &Dems, we R not paying u2 Fight! We want u2work with GOP& POTUS 2serve us the US citizens not illigals. If U disagree, Resign.Thx
There is no sabotage, it is failing on it's own becaues it was designed to fail after the moran last POTUS left office.
Price needs to be charged with fraud and theft
Yep. Wait until he erases state boundaries.
How about the losers who voted him in go on republican health care,the rest of us on ACA
Isn't the job of this administration to maintain a functioning government? Like it or not, maintaining the ACA is their job.
What can we as citizens do to stop this from happening, Senator?
Obamacare is only going to fail BECAUSE of the white house
We with loved ones with life threatening conditions are so fatigued and scared. It's getting to the point of exhaustion worrying about this
can someone file suit to stop them and to force them to provide these services that We the People want and have already paid for?
and it is called the ACA not Obamacare
I'm a Canadian and sometimes take our healthcare for granted. Not anymore! your HHS playing with ppl's lives, healthcare is not a game!
Why would HHS do that? Not enough money to pay for the travel expenses? Price spent all the money?
No Bob obama did that just wait till Jan 1 2018 another 500.00 per family tax for the middle class
GOP=heartless
How is that legal?!
Obamacare for many was a failure
This nonsense has to B broadcast WIDELY!People who most need it may not spend their time on Twitter.Time 2 think outside the box. Any ideas?
Where is your solution Bob how comes we see anything about it Bob you're full of shit Bob you're worthless legislature #pleasegoaway
So if you can't win you cheat. That's the GOP solan now.
The GOP has to make their lies look like the truth
Surprise!  But not.
The state of PA & advocacy groups need not be funded by taxpayers who've pd the price of this failure. Ocare never been able to stand alone.
Pure evil
Obamacare is a screw job.
With the blessings of @GOP and especially @Pryan @SpeakerRyan and @SenMajLdr no less. They really hate their constituents.
What's the matter bob. Finally republicans r playing the game like the dems always have.
This isn't a game! It's our lives! It's abuse of gov't power.
People have a RIGHT 2 get INFORMATION abt HOW TO GET INSURANCE COVERAGE!!
He doesn’t care
Senator where do YOU stand on #MedicareForAll. Your constituents want to know...
"As the Secretary Directs".....I believe you and the other Dem cockroaches put that little gem in the ObamaCare bill. Cuts both ways now....
