ObamaCare is in serious trouble. The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought.
If @realDonaldTrump fails to enforce the law, costs will go up for PA families. He should stop this cynical game.
So you call what we have now is a accept able Health Care System.  Why doesn't Congress use it if it is so good???
He is making healthcare partisan. Gambling with people's lives. Truly shameful
Unfortunately, Healthcare has been partisan for years. The GOP has been fighting tooth and nail for decades to prevent proper coverage.
The health care system u support sucks. That is clearly evident Mr. Do-nothing for ur pay.
What are you doing to stop him?
Thank You for your support wrt healthcare! Let's get a single payer system on the table!
Nothing to undermine Bob. It wasn't working when it was passed. It's a Democrats failure.
Maybe we will get lucky and someone will assassinate this asswipe trump, Senator Casey.
Undermine it? It's the worst thing ever! It needs destroyed and we need to elect a new senator!
What are the rep going to do as their first try failed?  Stop dividing the parties. You will need them so quit being the divider.
Where is the #TrumpRussia independent investigation? It's time to publicly demand  it of GOP
Please do your best to stop him.  Thank you.
Thank you for fighting for all Pennsylvanians, Senator!
And Hackjob Bob continues to do nothing about high ACA premiums and ridiculous copays. The guy is a party hack. Not for PA working families
#ShutItDown
Fix it don't throw it away oh wait you don't care
He's a threat to everything, except rampant stupidity.
Bobby, Bobby, Bobby, a great many people said it would collapse under it's own weight. Don't act so surprised.
hmm worried about a damn wall.  Better worry about your Russian buddies and other nonsense.
As a physician in PA, thank you so much, Sen Casey, for standing up for the PPACA & work to improve it, not undermine it.
Please do not give in to Mr. Trumps threat to defund ACA! Vote no PLEASE!
Why didn't you get the ACA right? You had 2 years! Now you want GOP to fix the law Dems passed w/o even reading. You own this so you fix it.
The rich can pay cash for treatment, the poor and middle class can die
no, Democrats actually did that the day they enacted Obama care knowing Obama lied to Americans in order to pass it. #Repeal
Thank You Senator, NO Wall and Fix the healthcare we have.
Egos aside. Fix the ACA, but not by charging folks who need it most more money. That kind of fix kinda misses the point of insurance.
Only reason we are talking about healthcare today is because of the Democrats. They created this mess with Obamacare
Not many   for u 
Why are we being subjected to mafia style extortion from both HC and drug manufacturers? Pay or die.......
Medicare for all is the only logical solution. Have HC firms bid to provide service just like all the others.
I stand with @SenBobCasey in protecting health care for ALL! #Trumpcare #TrumpRussia affordable health care is a right for ALL Americans!
ObamaCare was overtreatment for a disease improperly diagnosed. Bad, bad :(
Trump is surprised Healthcare costs big dollars but still believes massive border wall will be paid by Mexico.
Duh! He was so surprised health care was complicated
Trump thinks he's Vito Corleone (The Godfather).  Sorry DT, Vito was smarter.  He never threatened he performed.
Hes such a manipulator and liar.
Millions of people will lose their coverage under ACA as insurers pull out, if ACA isn't repealed.
you progressive liberal idiots destroyed our healthcare system by not reading Obamacare and passing it,shame
So are you willing to have the same healthcare plan I have to put up with? Basically un-usable with a $6K ded. smh REPEAL &REPLACE
Isn't it past time to eject him from the White House?
this @realDonaldTrump is a LIE people aren't that stupid to believe you and to be run by your chaos and Fear the will of the People is ACA
I never I'd EVER say this but, in this instance, he might be...,ummm, close to the truth
STOP OBAMACARE SCAM.ITS WORTHLESS !
45 is out of control and unstable.Impeachment cannot come soon enough. His own party is embarrassed by him, but won't stand up to him.
No sweety Obama is not the Pres.we have real PRESIDENT NOW !
I think we should all have the same quality healthcare as senator bob..
He's deranged.
AND WE ARE NOT PAYING FOR A BORDER WALL. Please hold your ground on this one!
Letting thousands die for lack of healthcare in order to build a wall is beyond repugnant.
Is it legal for A sitting President to threaten the public and to force a law to fail for his gain?
I can't believe he is trying to hold healthcare hostage if he doesn't get funding for his #fuckingwall. Please stop him and his family.
http://www.theatlantic.com.ln.is/KSHuk  @funder @DavidYankovich @johnpodesta @postpolitics @State_IO @CIA @HouseJudDems @LHSummers @MaxineWaters @RBReich
Bubba Cook, most of the people I know voted for Hillary. 
 We stand with Sen Casey....and Hillary.
Casey responding like a true idiot, what health care?    ACA stinks, I would know after being forced on to this pay for nothing coverage
@realDonaldTrump let it happen. the sooner DJT destroys Obamacare the sooner he will be destroyed.
Why don't you all take some of your big campaign money from Wall Street, Goldman Sachs, etc and fund Obamacare?!!
You shd stop being a hypocrite. You say your against abortion but continue to praise & fund PP. PA deserves better.
Fight him. Enlist people on both sides of the party lines. Never stop. Be the hero America needs.
What he fails to see is that millions of Americans need their healthcare and it's NOT just Dems who are responsible for that! Stand Strong!
I am in the Healthcare industry Senator. You have no idea how bad Obamacare is hurting the population.
Then fix it but not by taking away coverage. Health care is a shared responsibility but no one seems to believe that anymore. Very sad.
Then get moving Sir! #Investigate #Impeach #Imprison!!
I did not vote for DT.  The money he is going to spend on his stupid wall can pay for health care. Stop the trips to Mar-a-Lago golfing.
This guy talks golfing trips ? You complain about OBAMA'S trips ??????
it's almost as if, no, he's definitely trying to make it explode by injecting uncertainty and not doing basic things to fix it
I think the Senate and House should have to have ObamaCare instead of their own private healthcare. That would save our healthcare.
Paid by themselves, not with my tax money!
