How can this bullshit even be under consideration? GOP needs to be psych evaluated ASAP
it is hate of everything American.
They're getting money. That's all it is. McConnell and the rest of the @GOP are going to get the payout. Nothing else matters to them.
@realDonaldTrump screw Medicaid users. Super rich need a tax cut.
This is the @GOP
This photo depicts the absolute helpnessness I feel, more and more, and makes me SO angry.
#TrumpCare = #DeathPanels
Thank you for supporting your constituents!!!
I hope there is a Hell for those GOP representatives.
That's only a quarter of US population.. not bad !
This reminds me of Hitlers objectives
I love you today, Senator.
mcconnel is willng to kill and harm millions of us for no reason at all other than hate for Pres. Obama.
We want McConnel in front of senate Intel committee to answer questions s concerning his refusal to release Russia hacking info TREASON?
We the working middle class are paying for those 74M on Medicaid. Obama's healthcare reforms only success has been by giving healthcare away
Explain it the way it is pictured.
THEY WANT ANYONE NOT WORKING HARD TO INCREASE THE WEALTHY'S RESERVES TO DIE! Sorry for the yelling...pretty upset this morning by News
The saddest thing I've seen in all my years of living other than blacks being killed by police.
AGAIN: the GOP doesn't care about them. It's corporate profits that matter to that party. Nothing more.
They don't give a crap. You wasted a lot of money lobbying them now didn't you. P
The insurance companies know this bill is BAD! They know if people can't afford insurance, they can't sell insurance policies, they go broke
well maybe they'll listen to them, haven't 2 constituents
I say the American people cut out paid health insurance of all members of Congress! Why are WE paying for them?
They don't care.
FDR making flips in his wheelchair with Mitch McConnell and the GOP wanting to institutionalize disabled people again no Medicaid*!
They don't care!
@SenMajLdr responds saying "Well Jimmy crack corn and I DON'T CARE!"
Help me understand. Do they just not care? Are they really that heartless?
Consider those who keep voting them into office'.
@SenToomey Both senators asleep at wheel. Do your jobs.
PA needs another HEINZ or...
Only just best from commonwealth wanted. Do something.
Up from 23 million people to 74 million people to be harmed by #Trumpcare McConnell really out-did himself on psychopathy
May G-d have mercy!'
The Medicaid issue is the big one.. seniors in nursing homes going to get hit hard.
#TrumpcareDisaster!!
That there's the face of hate. The kinda guy who's always sizing you up beginning on a scale below him. The face of impervious greed. Misery
Throw every GOP out who voted yes for either House bill or Senate bill. Throw them out !!! Throw them out!!!
Insurers!! Sweet Jesus, even they are seeing this bill for what it is, pure evil!
How is it these insurance companies were not in th ROOM? They're the experts, right? Whose lobbyists were? Who is this travesty written FOR?
Evil has no sense of justice, but it fully endorses legal bureaucracy. The bill is just the paperwork to make the travesty "legal".
If even insurers are saying this is a bad bill...we'll, they will be losing customers in more ways than one.
Exactly who does support this mess?  @SenToomey
It's a tax cut for the richest paid by the sick and the poor. Disgusting. Not a #HealthcareBill.
name them start with Starr Companies a HUGE donor to campaigns and have lobbyists there
Mitch McConnell should play baseball, they think they're living forever, Pple R burning a cross on his graveyard!
GOP DC ochlocrats R testing how far a sick person can get,as his life's almost over & don't care 4 avenge immolation https://twitter.com/LorenzoLopezMer/status/878010051822333952 …
It's weird how R's think if you chose not 2 have insurance suddenly the cost to taxpayers is lower.  It just shifts the burden to local gov
That's the plan.
VOTE NO THIS IS HORRIBLE
.@SenateMajLdr to insurers: you can deduct executive salaries > $500,000
That's a lot of voters
Who will probably still vote Republican because that's how they voted their whole lives. Go figure.
I dunno. I'm not sure I would continue to vote for the guy responsible for financially annihilating my life. Some folks are crazy though.
I watch my parents do it time after time after time...
Bullshit
The GOP is dismantling the federal government & all the good programs and regulations and laws that have been created over the past century.
GOP could care less about the # of people losing Medicaid.
Mitch cares not one whit
This is the number Dems need to highlight, 74 MILLION PEOPLE COULD BE HARMED!!!
2018 and no more Bob thank God
That's just 74M humans. But think of all the money the wealthiest Americans will. That is what the old, sick, and poor care about.
That's about 23% of the population.
and Lock HIM up (McConMan)
They don't care. But I'm thankful you do
Sir I have been disabled most my life. My quality of life was better before you money grubbers started meddeling.
I have Lupus and partially blind and have worked three jobs before. Honor and dignity not handouts.
How are you and @SenToomey coordinating on what’s best for PA?  He’s been very quiet and I fear just going along with this MEANER bill.
Can't you Dems stop this? As someone who works in medical, I will probably lose my job now.
Elections have consequences.  Rs have been anti-medicaid for 40 years.   People voted for this.   Nothing dems can do, they have no power
Call your senator: Phone numbers for every office of every U.S. senator
Why believe Insurers?  They thought they had a sweet deal last time around
Start the #fillibuster via amendments when the time comes! We  need you to #standforpa!
I only wish your GOP colleagues cared.
Their families must be so proud
There familes don't care because they still have the Cadillac plan that senate members get.
* Their
