A White House official close to Trump is now a person of interest in Russia probe, people familiar with the case say http://wapo.st/2q1v5oP 
Lol
Well...Oiled...Machine.....just hit the wall.
Like a T-14 or MiG.

Nothing like a coup sad that ppl are actively working to over throw a sitting president this can not end well for America.
I'm sorry but your staff is  absolutely ignorant, the read leftist fake news and pawn it off as news on twitter. They make you look bad!!
Is fake news like alternate facts?
What about the Clinton family why don't you get prosecutors for them
Vipers nest
Please let it be Mr. Pence Pants

We need a Select Committee for #TrumpRussia and independent commission to #ProtectOurDemocracy! Traitors can't investigate traitors.
What about the Clinton family, gonna investigate them or give them a pass because they're democrats
Yikes, thank you my senator hard at work
Mine too, delighted to have him.
http://cis.org/cadman/return-enlist-act-trojan-horse-amnesty …
What is the Crime.  Nothing. You have wasted so much time you and the democratic news stations   u forgot innocent until proven guilty. Sad
You are a well oiled machine Senator Casey!  Well oiled by the Democratic $$$$
Bob you work for the people of Pennsylvania try doing something here instead of trying to be a poor man's version of the lump John Kerry
If Washington post says it well it has to be true .  NOT
I think the threats against the media from John Kelley and the mayor in Florida need investigated
Greased you ment well GREASED machine
I want tax reform.  Please get with your buddy Bernie.  Create the Bernie sanders tax plan a flat tax of 13.5% for everyone like he pays.
We need Clinton in that office like now to clean up trumps mess it's sad that's he is in office.......
Get 'em, Bob'
It reminds me of Watergate and all the presidents men. They all fell one at a time including his vice president who went to jail.
HAHAHAHAHAH. More Dem snark, more votes.
Like. Your. Hair.
He only hires the best people Senator!
Thanks again and again.  Keeping us all working overtime.
Ghost of Nixon wakes up...stretches..says "Don, you could use my help" DeepThroat says "Let me know when its MY turn"
Kushner....right?
just keep parroting fake news from fake sources,Trump base is still solid,have turned off news,will force term limits on you
Best. Casey. Tweet. Ever.
It's Kushner. I'm calling it.
Sources saying it's Jared kuschner
Story after story being exposed as lies from WaPo and you leftist morons keep drinking the kool-aid. Wake the Hell up.
Make sure our healthcare, internet, environment, education, press freedom, right to protest and many other civil liberties are protected.
@washingtonpost 3 big news punches today. Wonder how AF1 is
Russian oil.
It's Kushner.
Oiled is right.
It's Kushner via @TrueFactsStated
Well, an oily machine.
Jared they say
WAIT. FOR. EVIDENCE.
Preibus?  Where's he been?
all the best people!
Surrounds himself with only the best and most serious people.
I am saying Jared!
I hear the Hindenburg was well oiled indeed
A well oiled machine?  As well oiled as an Edsel.
Shame it's Soviet military surplus oil.

#TrumpRussia is a hoax and trying to score political points on it is immoral and pointless. @theDemocrats are obstructive and misleading.
A hoax? Can I have some of the drugs you are doing?
You are well aware there is no single official proof of that "connection" revealed. There will be none. Just political game. We all lose.
Keep drinking the swamp water...
@realDonaldTrump will be the president for the next 8 years regardless of what kind of water I drink. And Dems base is falling apart.
OMG!!!  Stop smoking wacky weed or I will give you the name of a reputable dealer.
Yep, 8 more years. He will build the wall by the way. And the reason for this success are @TheDemocrats bogged down in #TrumpRussia nonsense

I'm saying Reince Priebus.
The best vetting.
Who in WH ISN'T involved?
The White House is bugged and I'm pretty sure that's illegal.  Not a smart thing to say IF it is true.
The oil is Russian
So grateful you're my Senator!
Yes well oiled.... with dirty oil
I LOVE that you are MY SENATOR!!!
Thank you for ALL that you do Sir !!!!
My question there Senator is why does the Wapo already know who the persons of interest are?  This gov't is like a ship made of swiss cheese
Bob Casey, you rock!
Fine-tuned fiasco.
Definitely oily.
Winning!

Snake oil?
investigate kushner
