A "plan" that sells out middle-class Pennsylvanians in order to fund tax giveaways to the wealthiest Americans and big corporations. Obscene
Instead of working in a bipartisan way to improve our health care system, the @SenateGOP has just voted to undermine it.
This legislation is a direct economic and health care attack on the middle class, seniors, children and individuals with disabilities.
It is fundamentally flawed and cannot be "improved," no matter how many substitute amendments @SenateMajLdr drafts behind closed doors.
I will fight this obscene health care scheme with everything I have over the coming days.
Thankyou! #saveourhealthcare
Go Vice President
Give us a universal health care for all funded thru taxes generated by the legalization of Marijuana and new tax for states no higher taxes
What a waste of time, people & lives! Every senator going for Trumpcare needs to go away forever!
Let's make this happen!

START ACTION NOW - REMOVE EVERY REPUBLICAN IN YOUR STATE!

The GOP has shown it's colors, and they are NOT AMERICAN
What to do next, senator?
We need a leader,are you our leader?Can you get us out of this mess? What are we 2 do? I've signed & called until I'm blue.I have no power.
YES you have power -your vote is your voice!

START ACTION NOW TO REMOVE EVERY REPUBLICAN IN YOUR STATE!

Have this conversation w everyone!
Yay! Finally for people who know ACA is failing & they can only afford Penalty & still  they have zero insurance!
SHAME!!
And with the help of noted maverick John McCain.
And yet Bobby, you sat on your ass and did NOTHING!
While GOP continues to work together to provide us with better options, Dems unanimously voted for us to continue to suffer under Obamacare.
We lost our voice! Thank you for trying!!
Yea and I'll bet no democrat will be aloud to do input on the amendment 2 Obamacare
I look forward to voting in 2018 and 2020 to reverse this national embarrassment and heartless congress.
AWFUL.  MERCILESS.
And you are proud of that?  51-50?  Interesting.
It's a transfer of more wealth to the wealthy at the expense of most of their constituents. #GOPFail #ShameOnThem
Why are they ignoring the will of the people? @SenToomey Aren't you receiving our calls, tweets, letters, and faxes?
You mean @SenJohnMcCain who has tax-funded Cadillac hthcr but made sure none of us taxpayers get the same care. You better let him know!

Unbelievable. Keep fighting. You have PA's support.
Every GOP member is a idiot. In my whole life  I've never seen such idiots.
And we won't forget. You sold out the people of this country. You put special interests and party over country.
Stand firm. Thank you for your service.
Oh hell no
I could cry for the poor people who are going to suffer because of this.
Time to go back to basics, no denying coverage for preexisting cond., no lifetime caps, no increases higher than income growth! No tax cuts!
Amen
#VoteThemOut
Maybe GOP is pulling a bait & switch, and they're about to propose a  #SinglePayer healthcare bill.

Stranger things {Trump} have happened.
Taking healthcare away from millions #Irresponsible No Bill No CBO Score Bullied by #IllegitimatePotus
Yay! My premiums went from $837 to $2,800 #RepealOrBeReplaced #OCareNightmare #TeamWork
Amendments,  amendments,  amendments!
@SenateDems @VP @SenateGOP @HouseGOP dedicated follower of Christ wants to deny basic human right to citizens  dump trump pence
How many time did the VP havr to vote in previous administrations? Glad Pence is such a yes man, the republicans wouldnt get anything done
More like a death plan, only the GOP can make Hitler jealous of them.
What's the "plan"?
Well personally I'm looking at emigrating to Ireland.
Seriously, if I had to use any health care plan the GOP crafted, I would consider a move. This is a travesty. 
Is there anything you guys can do to block this or do you just not have the numbers?
Horrible horrible & I hope @GOP pays for it in 2018. The American people are so enthusiastic about voting in 2018, We want our democracy bak
Which is no healthcare for anyone but the wealthy.
Thank you for fighting Senator Casey.
2018, here we come.
Snowflake
And no help from @SenateDems. That's why you have lost so many seats in the last 7 years. You took away the working man's good healthcare!!
A house divided cannot stand.  Not a rousing vote of confidence in anything they are trying to do.  The Lament of Hermes awaits them.
Please don't put 22 million people off healthcare.
@SenateGOP REMEMBER SELLING YOUR SOUL TO THE DEVIL IF THIS PASS
How do they sleep at night?
I hope to god that TRUMP care will fail.
@VP @SenToomey @SenateMajLdr @SenJohnMcCain shame on you all for what you did or intend to do to kids who need the care you get.
I would put the quotes around "health care" rather than "plan"
What plan?
As of July 25th 2017 at 3.15 pm The GOP and the @VP  and @realDonaldTrump President no own health care of American, stay tuned
ughhh  2018 can't come soon enough 
Yes and now they "OWN IT".
They will pay the price in 2018 and 2020
Horrible
2018

@gop 2018 can't come soon enough
With the help of the @VP, the @SenateGOP just voted to BEGIN DEBATE on the @HouseGOP health care plan.  Why is that bad, Senator?
Im happy for all of the evil men. How will they handle the blood on their hands
Next time you pass by Pat Toomey, feel free to punch him in the nuts.
I hope for a full review of ACA with hearings from Americans. My x-husbnd,VNVet helped w/Medicare while dying from many cancers.HEARINGS!
Shame on you !!
The vote is for debate only. Bob Casey must not live in the real world. DEBATE ONLY. Get it.
Anyone supporting this Admin. Is absolutely not a Patriot. Thank you Mr. Casey.
Shame on them. @SenToomey doesn't even have the decency to update his Twitter or web.  Keep shining a light Sen. Casey.
2018 I'll be helping unseat the GOP!
Great job in all fairness obamacare added thirty million or is it billion to the ballooning S. S. Budget succeed or fail
they should blow the whole place up
Hallelujah they finally got something done in spite of your opposition what a waste of time that was huh Bob
A much bigger waste of time was when your mama f$cked your papa. Oh, and better never get sick.  Or need an ER. Toodles
Key board tough guy are you :-)
Thank you Sen Casey. Your efforts are appreciated.
Please continue fighting for Pennsylvanians! It's once again clear @SenToomey doesn't care about his constituents.
Please don't call it that. There is no plan. We know it, they know it
#Republicans to the poorest and needy in our society..."May God have mercy on their souls" #HealthCareVote
I think you meant health care pain. But thanks for fighting the good fight! We have a long battle ahead.
Appalling.  Thank you for opposing GOP plan.  Thank you in advance for whatever you can do to stop it.
and with @SenJohnMcCain vote. He has the best healthcare thanks to US - TAX PAYERS and came back to steal it from millions. F'n DISGRACE
I am appalled and disgusted! We keep moving away from democracy! Thank you for your work and keep fighting!!
Please submit amendments to stop medicaid & social security cuts. Also, I don't think tax cuts to the rich shouldn't be part of this.
Thank you for fighting. This is truly a sad day.
Thank you, Senator Casey, for fighting the good fight. Please keep putting your constituents' needs 1st. Our lives literally depend on it.
Thank you for all your efforts. Sad day for this country.
Heartbreaking
Quick!  Change Trumps diaper!
Thank you Mr. Casey for your work & dedication to your citizens.
Please do everything you can to fight this!
. WE the people have to fight for what's right. Bob is one person, we are many.
Saddened
Curious where the 'debate' & 'amendments' have been for the past six months?
I'm appalled
I'm sad and disgusted.
Thanks for standing strong against this Sen Casey! We need to make sure to protect your seat in 2018.
Yeah he's just so brave..... you know who was Brave the four Americans they got murdered in Benghazi they were Brave
Cops and people that go into burning buildings to rescue people they're Brave Bob Casey is not brave
If he even had half an inkling of what it takes to survive in the real world outside of government I might give him a slight bit of a pass
Newsflash : he has already survived the real world. Now he's trying with the rest of us to survive Alternate Earth2.
Silver spoon isnt exactly surviving
