This is rich: House GOP exempt themselves, their health insurance from their latest ACA repeal plan. 

https://www.vox.com/2017/4/25/15429982/gop-exemption-ahca-amendment …
Didn't see anyone in Congress signing up for Obama care when it was passed either Bob
The only thing he's cares about is votes like any other politician
Excuse me, Sen Casey, but aren't you exempt from ACA?? Be real!
No he's not
Somehow me thinks the power brokers in DC "signed up" for ACA for show. Would love to see what their premiums and coverage are!
The PP&ACA law requires them to buy it through the exchanges. They are not exempted. Unless they have other cvg, which applies to all of us
If that's the case what are their premiums & coverage.  I'm highly skeptical it's the same for them as it is for the rest of us.
They're on the same exchanges & have the same options. It's the law. Keep in mind many have spouses w/better options so they can use them.
And there you have it. They have a job, income & possible coverage from spouse. While it may be the law it's not a struggle for them!
Yes but there are others who have that option too. Many sens & reps are on ACA. Now they wanna keep it for them & make everyone else's worse
Just like you democrats exempt yourself from Obamacare because it is bad for you. But you want it for us because you don't care.
Just pls fight them w everything you have. Many of us will suffer/ die wo insurance. Being senior in bad health, I can't afford higher prem.
Yes please do fight them 4 @surrettlinda and all  who need ACA. I will pay tax increase to support. Unlike elite who don't care a/b others.
Thank you for your kind heart. I keep praying #SinglePayer will be the improvements to ACA. Have u read HR676? Has 107 cosigners now.
I back it whole heartedly but not one Republican co-sponsor. We def need a Dem majority congress. Lets keep fighting AHCA til that happens
Pet projects says it all. These are PEOPLE we're fighting 4, not pets. And I make $70K per year, not rich by any means. But I care.
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom Senators are also exempt from Obamacare ...stop playing the one sided card. The truth would be nice.
Excellent question. Keep up the good fight, Bob!
If you were honedt about it then the Senate would be on Obamacare. Are you? No, tbe Senate ecempted themselves.
Yes, the Senators like @SenBobCasey are all on the ACA ("Obamacare") exchange.  If it's good enough for them, then we should have it.
Have you signed up?
@MSNBC talking a LOT abt new health plan....... NOT A WORD abt THIS PART?????
That's how it has always been for Congress. Does Obama Care apply to them NO.
This show how tone deaf and arrogant @HouseGOP really are. We WILL vote them out.
Not We the People!
Bot
Nice try senator!  Haven't You and your cronies have always had your own healthcare.
That's funny since all of congress exempted themselves from #Obamacare because they couldn't afford it.
With the salaries of congressional reps, the shouldn't be offered a health plan. They should buy on open market like many constituents.
Just as the Dems did with OBama care!  That's the issue!! If you give the people the same health all you leaches get we would solve it!
KILL THIS BILL
the corporate freedom caucus a group of corporate exes. Taking benefits from the sick
Sick like Ryan the Collusionist
And did you and your brothers and sisters in congress switch to the ACA when it was put into law? Bet the answer is no.
Hooray for the rich and screw the poor that is all the Trump administration is about, and I don't understand why he is not being impeached!!
Hypocrisy at its best!!!!
Wait!  Didn't you and your Democratic colleagues give yourselves the same exemption in the ACA? Out of touch Democratic Hackjob Bob.
No, they are NOT. They are required to use the same database insurers UNLESS they have employer insurance. Same rule that applies to us.
Couldn't the senate refuse to vote on the #Budget2017 until the CBO SCORE .
you mean like what the Dems did when it was Obama's plan?
Didn't the Dems do the same thing when the ACA rolled out?
OH BUT OBAMA CARE WAS RIGHT??
I asssume your  family, you , your staff are all on Obama Care.  Do you lead by examp or take the money from the health industry & run
That's why we need to clean house in Congress. Get rid of these worthless self serving assholes and get some people minded representation.
Typical Casey. Lying about his own healthcare. He doesn't pay and he's not on the ACA like the rest of us.
#stoptaxationwithoutrepresentation
It seems that if you are not a healthy,  working, tax generating member of society, the GoP has no use for you. They just want your money.

copy @RepTomMacArthur Love to hear your answer to this Congressman...
I just have to keep reminding myself that repeal will never happen. PPACA is good legislation. Needs fixing, like most new laws. #2018 Flip!
Hypocrite, didn't see you in a  Obamacare plan! #emptychair
They don't give a *hit!
not 1 is given by the GOP
Not one!!!
TY for speaking out once again.
Sir, please explain to congress that just as the general public has become interested in their financials, we look at voting records too.
just like the Dems did.  PA HATES you
Bob do you have Obamacon? No of course not. You have what the Republicans have or better.
Could say the same thing about obummercare stupid
@Sen Bob Casey, If that's true, why aren't you on Obamacare?
Exactly
@kelly_carlin   They don't bloody care...eat up with power & the hell with the country.
I believe Dems did the same thing. Nice try
Tweets & you won't do a damn thing to respond to them because "she could t possibly be talking about...ME!"
Politicians who are only worried about yourselves & your lobbyists. Case in point: I'm willing to bet I end up in Twitter "jail" over these
Need to have term limits. Our President was elected because this nation of "regular people" myself included are so sick & tired of career
That, we would go to prison & y'all would be the first ones to raise a fuss & throw away the keys. Dems & GOP both do this crap. All of you
Illegals to babysit your kids, clean your houses & cook your meals & nobody does a thing to punish y'all. If a "regular person" did any of
Life of luxury at the expense of us "regular folk" who work our butts off every day just to put food on the table. Y'all bounce checks, hire
Congress and the senate has ALWAYS exempted themselves from "regular folks" health care, salaries & retirement, choosing instead to live a
These republicans don't ever stop. They have no discipline or since of shame. Only greed. The people who support them are wrong. They hate.
What absolute hypocrisy! You leftist law makers exempted yourselves from Obamacare from the start!
Stop with the BS @SenBobCasey Voters in PA will not be fooled. a Nay vote-Gorsuch Cut VA Benefits and for open borders start packing #maga
We need a constitutional amendment that says all laws passed by congress apply to congress - they get what Americans get, period. No opt out
If you do you probably can afford it!
Did you have Obamacare Senator Casey?   Hypocrites Democrats!
I think they are trying  to  kill us with laughter.
GOP will take care of themselves regarding healthcare & tax reform. When will it b clear that you can't vote against ur own best interests.
Bob, just remember what Nancy said in the past, " You have to vote for it to see what's in it".
like Dems to work with Trump to fix OCare those of us who have it because of the 50 plus employees rule will loose big time! & Im not alone
Thank you for sellling out seniors @RepRyanCostello
back to sleep bobby
Zackly
Because they don't have the balls to stand up and say, you know what, we can't fix it because it's NOT BROKEN!
Just let it implode and no Ins. Companies will participate or Doctors!  Crazy libs!
because the @GOP sees regular citizens as indentured servants and cannon fodder
Bob is just a career politician with no real world experience on his fascist mission. Time for him to stay in Scranton
The GOP wants our money in taxes. Don't care about us

Anybody ever write to Bob? I have. Told him what I wanted him to vote on then he tells me how he is voting differently. He doesn't get it!
So did Obama and dems when it first came out
Well what really did you do for us on healthcare? Jamming obamacare down our throats is the definition of fascism.
The Ryan plan shouldn't be passed at all, but especially not now w/ this amendment. The GOP lives in a moral vacuum.
I voted for Trump and I am a GOP and have a big heart too!
I'm calling bullshit on that answer :-)
How about the fact that you've never had the same Healthcare any of us pee ons I've ever had so save it #draintheswamp
Well said Senator. Thank you for your tireless work to protect Pennsylvanians.
Liked his Dad but not this Senator!  A crazy Democrat!
Speaking of which, I did hear that the Democrats who proposed Obamacare wanted to opt out after it first passed.
Add this to the long list of outrageous ploys by the GOP during Trump's first 100 days.  Is it 2018 yet?
I can't wait to vote Straight Republican for the first time ever!
Single payer! Please!
Couldn't believe they would push for more travesty than the first #AmericanHealthCatastropheAct but they have done just that.
How unoriginal! Echoing and repeating Nancy Pelosi.
STOP THIS NONSENSE!
You guys never had to deal with ObamaCare either. Many of us would have liked to have told YOU what doctor to c and what ur benefits would b
How indeed, Senator @SenBobCasey
OMG Bob! Would you have switched to Obamacare? Doubtful since senators & congressmen have a great plan courtesy of the taxpayers! Arrogant!
It isn't.
I  appreciate your stand on this Senator, my daughter's life is on the line!
It's about time that members of Congress have the same health care options as the rest of us. Or, that we can have what they have!
I've said before... either America gets CongressCare or Congress gets RyanCare.  It's that simple!
That would include the Democrats as well. Which is exactly what they have with Obamacare. They have a super duper plan outside of Obamacare.
I'm glad you agree. I hope your R counterparts know that. Thanks from 19401
This is not America The government shouldn't be allowed to hurt everyone but the rich Republicans are dead meat in next cycle
I trust our POTUS.  His Health insurance WILL be better for all!
And what plan do you have? Ur a joke.
Senator. Listen to all the news. Yr all r self centered. I remember time when dem/ rep could compromise and work 4 Americans. Kindergardener
The health care plan should be for all government workers. No one special me casey
Hold on a second Bobby boy. YOU are currently ObamaCare exempt! You and your staff. Your fake outrage is laughable!!!
fake outrage lol tell that to millions of other people that hate this health care bill lol you're delusional
@SenPatRoberts @JerryMoran @RepMarshall #ksleg
They will be able to shop for the appropriate plan now Sen Bob. Not one size fits all!  About time!
Unless they have had cancer, or diabetes, or...you get the point 
Wrong as many people are!
Has America really lost it's mind? #GOP #USPolitics #uspoli
Vile
I Didn't Expect Them To. Their Lobbyist money and no Care for America. Poor People Blindly vote these crooks in Office.That's the sad part.
The govt needs to get out of health insurance completely before they completely destroy healthcare.
Oh I so much agree.
W/respect to those asking if or denying Congress uses the ACA - it is a matter of public record. You can check before you tweet.
It doesn't matter if they do have ACA,,,they ALL can afford the deductibles & monthly payments!  Many can't!
Excellent point!
Wow you must think the American people are all dumb, not just your base.
Obamacare wasn't good enough for you or your staff...yet we still pay for you & your staff
All Senators ARE on "Obamacae" / ACA exchange. Get it?
FEHB supplies their Healthcare; only became ACA compliant last yr or so
VOTE NO!!!
awful. Driven to hurt people with this GOD awful reform but cannot drive themselves to investigate our corrupt @potus.  #CORRUPTION  #WWIII
@HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats why anyone would vote GOP in light of this boggles my mind
Weren't you all exempt from Obamacare? Which tripled our deductible & we pay over $1300 a mo. And your proud of this. Shame on you!!!
Typical GOP thinking and action: the people don't count or matter. Themselves first.
But, Senator, you exempted yourself from Obamacare. Wasn't that good enough for you?
Stop lying to the American people.  The exemption for congress was part of the ACA.  #GarbagePolitics.
He's not lying. Trumpcare2 has clause written in exempting Congress from the pre existing condition clause. They retain that part of ACA.
The lie comes where he, and others act surprised, and as if it is something the republicans snuck in.  Democrats made it part of the ACA
You've completely missed the point it appears
ACA should be the insurance standard for all of Congress
As if democrats didn't exempt every dem special interest group. 

I know, as a uaw member, Obamacare hasn't affected me in the least.
You aren't "exempt" you receive insurance through the union. Understand?
And the Congress has their separate plan. They're exempt like I'm exempt. Don't split hairs. 

Ps GM buys my insurance... Not the union.
Congress and their staffs buy health insurance on the ACA exchange. But you knew that right?
But not anymore right? Or why is that demonrat bitching?
Why not use the same plan? Money must count if it's for the citizens but not counted if it for Congress. Just part of their greed.
@SenateDems @sarahkliff @voxdotcom more proof thru are NOT compassionate to th American ppl.Shameful from Christian stand point
they don't have the American ppl in mind...only 10% rich where does that leave us?More poor?
Think about how screwed WE feel b/c @GOP stole power to give $$$ to the billionaire's club. This type thing makes socialism attractive.
It's simple, to insure the American people get a good HC plan from GOPs, make it mandatory politicians are forced to use it as well.
LOOK WHO CALLS KETTLE BLACK...DEMOCRATS DON'T USE THEIR OWN #ACA... THEY GET PRIVATE MEDICAL INSURANCE!
Obamacare wasn't good enough for you and the rest of congress ahole
You're just a hypocrite Casey just like all the others
@sarahkliff @voxdotcom Object
Thanks for being the voice of reason for the 99% compared to shady @PatToomey aka the voice of the 1%
99%? i dont think so, @POTUS won PA in case you forgot
Trying to think about it in terms of logic is the error in this equation.
Hold fast, Senator Casey.  Thank you.
GOP = America's #Aboministration
Congress should use EXACTLY same health ins as  silver ACA plan. Instead they have gold-plated elitist plan. & most r millionaires to start.
Obamacare wasn't good enough for you either. Same complaint, different party.
Obamacare is a LAW. It's not a PRODUCT. They like the law enough in the HOUSE they are keeping it for THEMSELVES. DO YOU GET IT?!?
Yes, it's a law and a tax. It was deemed lawful as a tax by the Supreme Court. Do you get it? The Dems like the law for themselves too.
I am sickened and saddened.  My children are at risk with an incurable genetic disease and pre-existing conditions. Depraved and grotesque.
My daughter is in the same boat with an incurable genetic disorder, autism and epilepsy. #ResistTrumpCare
@SenToomey care to comment?
Agreed! Thank you for speaking up. You are my senator.
This is the most disgusting thing I've heard yet about our government! These r the people that are supposed to represent & protect us? #sad
Democrats exempted themselves from Ava dummy
EXACTLY. I really am starting to despise them
