Mr. Mnuchin told me his bank didn't engage in robo-signing, a predatory practice, I found the docs showing he did.
Mr. Price said he didn't receive special access to a private stock sale involving company w/in his jurisdiction. New WSJ story shows he did.
Thank you Dems & @SenBobCasey 
for pointing out STOCK ACT violation
& a special shout out, again, to @SenGillibrand, who authored it
Corruption reigns to be sure. But we can't give up hope. Press on at all costs!
Thank you!
Your losing your job come election day, stop obstructing and start packing!
lmao, nope. No he is not!
lmao yeah and Hillary is your president.. BYE BOB
lmao. Nope. He's staying. Bye Pat!
Gonna be waiting a while for that. Toomey was just re-elected. Ol' Bob is on the chopping block next. 
Nice to see you are willing to put politics before the work of the people Bob. Not why you were elected
obstructionist!!
You are an obstructionist. Can't wait to vote you out in 2018. You will be the one w/fight on your hands- #Sessions
Funny how suddenly Republicans have a negative attitude toward obstructionism, after spending years writing the how-to guide.
So cute. You really should inform yourself. Pot calls kettle black.
Aw, can't take a little fun? Sad!
sure I can Actually having a LOT of fun watching the unhinged libs wailing & screaming to no avail Loving it after 8 yrs hell
Wow, so the last 8 years was literally the worst, most diabolical punishment you can conceive? O ye of little imagination!
Not sure what your point in communicating w/me is. You are being a little silly, don't you think? You make no sense at all!
Thank You Senator Casey and Senate Democrats.
Real mature. Instead of confronting with these "documents" you'd rather not go? Please. SMH
he has confronted. They refuse to give truthful answers.
claims on Facebook aren't "confronting"
watch hearings
Repubs changed rules & pushed crooks Price & Mnuchin through w/o Dems.   Fix this & stop their nominations!
please vote NO.  Impeach!!!
Thank you @SenBobCasey I'm beginning to think the @SenateDems may have some fight in them after all. Bucks County is with you!
so is Allegheny!
Great. So you guys are lining up to stall progress for another four years? Not why we elected you!
let me ask you something even though you don't have the guts to answer: do you know who you work for? taxpayers!
must we elect all republicans to get some work done in Washington?
I am a democrat but about to switch.
you guys have been a huge disappointment and I believe there are a lot of democrats like me who are fed up.
the extreme left behavior needs to go. You must make progress or you will be replaced. A blind man could see this!
Can you please explain what good this action will do for us?
he doesn't know. He is just following the rest of the flock. Thinks his tuff talk means something
I am sure he does know.  I was asking the senator to help educate the people of PA on his good work.
what good work?
Thank you @SenBobCasey for doing right by your PA constituents with this boycott. Thank you for continuing to ask questions.
you are as much a fool as he is.
go home
So like a child, u r taking your bat & ball & going home. #DoYourJob
Casey and the rest of the dems are finished. SAd to say but they are digging the grave and filling dirt
how about you show up and do what u get paid for and cast ur vote like a grown up.  U guys lost. Pa went 4 trump
THANK YOU! You're doing the right thing!! BRAVO!!!!!!
Thank you for standing up for democracy and protecting our country!
thank you for having a backbone!!
what of a jellyfish?
if you think standing up for what you believe in is cowardly, then what are you doing on twitter?
point taken.
I would add though. What did we elect Casey for? Just to block everything Trump wants?
or did we elect him to make changes in Washington to get jobs, better healthcare, reduce taxes?
if he takes a hard line on everything Trump and republicans want, how will he accomplish anything?
Trump has a lot of good ideas to improve all of these things. I have not seen any of that from Casey or democrats
thank you for being the voice of reason. You're my man! So proud to have you as my Senator!
Boycott or delay or vote NO on the rest! Too much at stake.  Save the republic. Prevent war. Impeach. #BanBannon
Great decision Bob. More of this please.
is the #scotus nom reasonable?
thank you!!!
good job
Thank you for standing up for us, sir.
Thank you!
you are being irresponsible and hypocritical.
keep it up Dems#standstrong#unite#resist
Most Americans want @RepTomPrice confirmed NOW.
@HarperRausch @SenateDems WHY should Dems vote without the precise answers that the candidates obviously don't WANT TO ANSWER!
thank you! Block all nominees for SCOTUS until merrick garland's appointment is heard! Do not let 45 steal a seat!
thx for standing up to Trumps liars, deniers, and cons (oh my).

Thank you for your boycott and your service!
You should have done that when you voted against importing prescription drugs from Canada. You're still a sellout.
don't throw stones. Obstructionist
keep digging in 2018 we're gonna really take over....
that will really help,Dems have become the party of America haters dividing everyone,so pathetic,2018=more loses
Thank you for standing up for what's right! #Resist
Thank you Senator.
Thank you Senator Casey and fellow Democrats! Stand firm and stay strong! America is counting on you!
Thank you.
Thank you for standing up for America!
keep it up and MORE of it...time to impeach is nearing
God forbid you do your job
your actions to obstruct @POTUS nominees are reprehensible.
Amen
I'm a PA voter.  Thank you for blocking these nominees!
you may be the only one who will vote for him next time.
Thank you sir. Very proud to have you representing me.
Way to go Bob!!!
thank you!! We have your backs. AND please demand that Repubs in Congress open their phone lines & take our calls.
yeah, just as soon as Bob takes our calls or returns tweets. Get real.
keep up the good work!  #PAVoter for Casey!  We don't need any more bad actors in this admin.  #resisttrumptuesday
YES! Similar to repubs never bringing Garland to a vote!
Whatever it takes, don't give in to double-dealing and predatory practices. PA needs you to stand up for what @SenToomey is scared to
Thk u for voting against injustices of this POTUS implementing thru unqualified unethical & dishonest candidates.
Thank you - keep it up and the people will support you. #blockandresist
bullshit!
If you can't be bothered to do your job, maybe you should resign from the Finance Committee.
.@SenBobCasey @CarlaDanger6 @SenateDems If you boycott, does that mean they can't proceed?
I think at least one Democrat must be present for  vote to continue.
Stand strong! Philosophies aside, we need public officials with integrity.
don't back down, Senator. Your constituents have your back
thank you!
@SenatorBurr @SenThomTillis Will my NC reps grow a spine & vote no on Mnuchin, Price, Devos, Sessions and Tillerson
@POTUS So as a PA taxpayer I want a refund for your dereliction of duty.Go ahead,skip it but I want some money back
Senator Groundhog you are a whiner and a drama queen, a fraud and a charlatan.I want a refund on your salary
At the end of voting time will this be a N0 Vote? That will show'em.
Thank you. Please don't give in. We are all cointing on you!
Thank you! Stand up! Resist!  Get your colleagues in the House to impeach now!
Then they will pass the committee without dissent and a unanimous recommendation
Also NO to Devous. She's not for independent education. No charter
Im a PA voter who votes and I'm watching. Thank you for saying no! Say no to SESSIONS too. 2018 is coming
have you not learned what happens when people boycott elections?
This is pure obstructionism. Looks like Casey follows the party line.  As a Pennsylvanian he does not speak for me!
thank you!
pls vote NO to Sessions!!! We r depending on u!!! -PA constituent.
why? Do you even have a clue?
world is watching. #resist keep up the fight.
.@SenBobCasey @SenateDems Thank you for standing #bold Senator! Now @SenateDems must #withholdconsent #nojusticenobills stand #Indivisible!
You need to SHOW UP AND VOTE NO!  Stronger message!
Glad to see you are a voice for the people and not the party...
Futile, juvenile obstruction. Not a senator, an #SJW @SenateDems
Stay strong!! Thank you for representing our country's best interests Mr. Casey!
wait, he never said he was representing our country's best interests. Only his own, sissy.
#resist
Boycotting is not the answer. YOU NEED TO SHOW UP AND VOTE NO FOR THESE.
join us Americans and support our President.
keep it up folks, nothing less than full obstruction will keep us from going full fascist #noquarter
Please #StopSessions

thank you!!
can you add a few more names to that list?? Sessions, Devos

