News: Trump is expected to scrap the critical Obamacare subsidies. My story:  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/10/12/trump-obamacare-subsidy-243736 …
Kinda silent on buying insurance across State lines.  Why?  Our POTUS is winning!  
Dotard needs removed from office, @SenBobCasey 
#25thAmendment
Fight back, @SenBobCasey! Our health is too important to be part of bad scheme by mad man @realDonaldTrump!
I can't hear you. Bob Is the equivalent of a D list actor whose trying to stay relevant, but never was.
WHY WONT YOU FILE ARTICLES OF IMPEACHMENT? WHAT IS IT GOING TO TAKE FOR YOU TO AT LEAST TRY TO STOP HIM?
TELL HOUSE TO SUPPORT AL GREEN
You didn't have a damn thing to say when Obama flat out lied about the premiums which was horrible on my parents. Their premiums went
Sorry you got your panties in a wad, honey, but Trump is coming for YOU. So enjoy your racist bigotry while you can!
Maybe you and your comrades should have legally appropriated the funds? #ruleoflaw
How will we notice?  Been skyrocketing since Obamacare passed.
This, as well as not authorizing CHIP, will financially hurt my family. Please DO something for your constituents on healthcare.
Please lead the charge against heartless tyranny of White House and GOP!
He did it! How can he undo a law passed by congress?
Everyone that is affected should make a video and tweet it to him publicly so the truth is seen and heard
OK Hes Done IT What will CONGRESS DO ABOUT IT,I may very well DIE bec of WHAT HES DONE,but 1 of 6ml MINORITY, lot of People DONT Understand
And when it doesn’t, will you state your apologies for making false statements? You did t seem to mind the ACA increase of 38%
Wrong...cross state line competition will drive prices down. Stop with the "Bummer Bob" stuff already and get with the program will ya!
It’s opening the door to sell insurance across state lines, expand short-term health plans! Bob please stop lying ! I’m from Western PA
Jay, please explain how "sell[ing] insurance across state lines" will benefit you directly. How does a plan from Cleveland, only good with Cleveland area doctors/hospitals, help you with access in pittsburgh?
Our healthcare system was illegally, unconstitutionally, sabotaged 6 years ago!
2018
You were elected to do something about this. Fix it. All these tweets. What’s the point?  What are you all doing over there. FIX THIS!!!
That is Obama Care.
Isn't this a violation of the oath he took to defend the Constitution and uphold our laws?  What has happened to honor and the rule of law?
Actually he is using a 1970’s law. Rand Paul: "We've read the original law and we believe what the president did today is basically an interpretation of the original law, and doesn't create new territory,"
Well, if Rand Paul said it's OK to take insurance away from people to finance a massive tax cut for very rich people....
Lol seriously dude you buy into that progressive bs
Can lawyers sue to protect ppl like was done with the Muslim ban?  Ppl with preexisting conditions like my son will suffer.
Pennsylvania and other state Attorney Generals are suing so hopefully nothing changes.
Bob, please take action to bring your Senator colleagues on both sides of the aisle into siding with the American people and not a moron !!
Too late, he did. Sue him, please.
As we watch @realDonaldTrump find every loop whole in our constitution and other legal avenues America is becoming a dictatorially run
The President is a menace and a nightmare. Thank you Senator for fighting for us #PA
He already did it. No?
Hopefully those affected by this who voted for him will see the light and vote against him and his ilk in future elections.
The idiot snowflake-in-chief wants to harm millions because he's a vindictive, hateful, ignorant man. @GOP
How is freeing people from a ruthless and uncaring system reckless?
Because it will drive price up. It will create crap plans with little coverage.
I think it’s time to enact the 25th amendment before this country is too sick to move!
If only you were part of a govt. group that could take action against his destructive behavior. Actions, no more words. #25thAmendment
If the obamacare was working why was 7 billion in subsidies needed of tax payer money to keep it going?
@jdawsey1 All the jobs that we will lose
Start negotiating.
The healthcare has always been corrupt. Its only about bigger profit. Everybody pays, if you choose no insurance, you dont get it free.
The sabotage on our country must end. My god
It's just starting. An estimated 1 million people will lose insurance in 2018. Plus R budget steals 1 trillion from Medicaid. Many will die.
Shhhhhh
Until impeachment is on the floor, it won't end. This admin will deconstruct everything you know of democracy, all for profit.
So you're saying the ACA is unsustainable without govt welfare to prop it up. Sounds like the Post Office. Can't compete. Lose millions.
I never realized snowflakes made such a whining sound until I read these pathetic posts.
Stop the BS Casey. It was Obama & the Dems who sabotaged our healthcare system & doubled our national debt. You're the irresponsible party!
the sabotage it's been done by you, the democrats. Considering people should be your priority over party.
Purposeful sabotage of a nations healthcare system? Sick. There must be a law against harassment of those depending on ACA for care to live.
"Must end"? How can we expect it to end when Congress takes no action? Tweets won't do it. 18974
#25amendmentnow
Perhaps you all should have tried to get rid of the ACA , now he will expose you all
Fake News being pushed by dishonest Senator, gee what is the world coming to??????!!!??
And-what will be done to prevent it
No you guys didn't fix it, and Trump has to do what he can.... Maybe you all should fix slavery care .....
People who love their Obamacare can keep it. Stop fear mongering to people who won’t research this for themselves, you’re insulting people
Is there anything that can be done to refute this EO?
Senator, can you please introduce legislation to stop this from happening?
Yeah that's funny Bob introduce anything hahaha he's too busy on Twitter and porn hub
Why gamble with just money when you can play with people’s lives?
Trump's reign of terror must end
Enact Medicare for All.
Bob PA premiums are already up....so now we will buy from other states. Enough of your nonsense your times up
Baloney...pa residents will save money....
Baloney Bob Casey...the president's EO...will allow us pa residents to get affordable insurance...I thought u were on on side ..now I know
Apparently you don’t use the aca but they premiums are all ready high as eff but I wouldn’t know that bc we pay ur health ins bill
@bjmisme @realDonaldTrump @jdawsey1 @politico Can't this be stopped in the courts?
no sir the sabotage started when Pelosi said that Congress had to pass Obamacare to find out what's in it.
Senator Casey, trump needs to be removed from office before he destroys our country.  Please do something to save our democracy.
it's not a democracy, it's a constitutional representative Republic.
I'm just going to say it. WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH HIM?! He has zero regard for the citizens of the US.
The senators must stop this. 45 writes executive order to override everything he wants to. This is not how our country is run. Stop him
Trump is getting more dangerous by the day in more ways than one. He needs to be impeached!
So, will I lose my insurance in the middle of 2018 while I'm pregnant? Can anyone answer me? I buy off the exchange no subsidies.
Then why didn't you pass a health plan because you want to hurt Trump and you don't care about us the people
You know what Obama care is reckless and it hurt us since it came at law. Driving to steak into the heart of the ACA is beautiful
The mouth breathing, knuckle dragging, vile, hateful POS that the majority of the WORLD hates, already did.
If you buy health insurance across state lines & go to a Dr in your state, wouldn't that be out of network & a higher cost to you?
sENATOR THEN U NEED 2 MAKESURE U SCREAM LOUD&CLEAR WHAT HE S DOING CAUSE NO 1 ELSE IS DOING SHIT ABT HIM.  JUST LETTING HIM DESTROY US.
Hey Bob they already have. Pay attention
@StevenMWolfe3 are you a lapdog for Democratic party?
#25thAmendment  is needed.  America is running out of time.
When will the congress help us from this madman? Everything Trump touches is destroyed.
He really is deranged. You should get with any rational GOP Senators and go on the offensive. Enough defense. Start legislating.
Senator, my premiums & deductibles have already increased 4 fold. I will gladly take the options the President is presenting
If your correct, it will be the first time. #termlimits
#ImpeachTrump
He's sabotaging everything in our society and world. Why would healthcare be any different? And the Republicans just sit back and enjoy the show. #HealthCareSabotage
What are you doing about #medicalkidnapping it happened to my child in Altoona Pa Blair County
Can he be stopped? Can Senate or Congress do something to help? Does anyone care?
He is strategically sabotaging ACA so the premiums will go up & no one will enroll... He is #Unfit to lead our Nation! #TwentyFiveFortyFive
Reckless Indeed!Thx for your leadership Senator Casey!!
How do we stop this insanity. He plays with our lives.
If Obamacare is so good, why is there a need for subsidies?
25th Admentment. Use it
@SenToomey why do you hate us.  Oh....taxcuts for Koch donors.  Thanks for nothing.

Thank you Sen. Casey....keep yelling.  #NOTNORMAL
You don’t know shit Bob.
Have you seen your polls?
This admin must end b4 America is no more
DO SOMETHING! DON'T JUST TWEET ABOUT IT! YOU PEOPLE HAVE TO STEP UP ON BEHALF OF THE CITIZENS YOU WERE ELECTED TO REPRESENT! NOW IS THE TIME
So sick of your lies!  New word sabotage!  Scare tactics!  ACA is NOT AFFORDABLE.
He changes the way it works, it must be called Trumpcare.  Can’t let him get away with blaming past president for the way he sets it up now.
Just think. If we all kissed his feet & constantly tweeted he's best president the universe has ever seen, T wouldn't want to kill ACA & us.
Hey Bob premiums have already skyrocketed thanks to the Democrats who allowed a system that forces the working class to pay for the welfare class premiums you have much to be proud of. Election is coming.
Awesome, what’s the plan to make this not happen?
For once Sen. Casey don’t be Partisan!  Great 2 have competition, Premiums will go down! 50 yr. old doesn’t need maternity!  Etc....
Whats your plan???
Time to invoke #25thAmendmentNow #25amendment
Last I checked PA went for Trump. #YouBreakItYouBuyIt
Sabotage must end but saving the lives of these vulnerable people who are in imminent danger if they can't afford the $ must START!
#Trump knows he can get away with murder because the Press can't keep up with his chaos!

https://twitter.com/politico/status/918648764746919937?s=09 …
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is. Viewers beware. May be worse than even @CNN!
Can you speak English? Doesn't seem so.
You still can't form a sentence. Am I a bigot for calling out your loose grasp of our language? I can live with that.
Hey, look at me, I have muscles! I'm a tough guy! Makes up for my 2nd grade writing level!
This will FAIL like all his businesses #25thAmendment
As with the his tax plan I surmise by your howling whine that this too shall turn out better than anyone expected. Get a clue Bob.
It’s legislative murder and Americans should have a legal recourse.
Just so u know.. u don't have my vote
It is appalling that any elected official would harm citizens just to “stick it” to the opposing party. Dangerous and juvenile.
Yeah. Hated when Obama was doing it...
All. The. Time

But maybe u weren't paying attention
He's desperate for a "win." What's worse, killing healthcare, or nuclear war?
