so embarrassed that he won Pa.
Bob, since your out of touch with PA . Recently Acosta Deep mined create 400 jobs with $34 per hour
Like your response bob a silver spooner NEVER HAD TO WORK.
Don't be stupid the majority have allergies from record breaking pollen counts!
I will switch to solar YOU pay for the damn thing. That's the Paris agreement
#NewsToMe I didn't realize #Pittsburgh had bad air?  Why are they not self regulating?
Good for Trump!  Why should US donate billions to an environmental program to fund poor nations?  We need a more equitable agreement.
And their access to #healthcare, since pollution is directly linked to cancer, chronic lung conditions, and other diseases.
He needs the rage & hopelessness of as many folks as possible. cant divide a nation further if compassion for humanity leaks into reality.
Send Trump pictures  of Pittsburgh in the Steel Mill Heyday! High noon looked like Midnight!!
What did you do about it when Obama was prez???? Nothing at all!!!
- no, Senator Casey, Mayor Bill Peduto has said that HE would clean up Pittsburgh - so off you go, Peduto.
Thank you!
That's why Pittsburgh voted 55% to 45% for Clinton. Whoever gave him the Pittsburgh to Paris line, gonna go to the woodshed!
Shows Pittsburgh losers
If the same agreement had actually been named for Pittsburg, would cons hate it less? This is just "beta cuck French" fear of sophistication
This is the same toxic impulse that leads "men" to "roll coal" in the face of hybrids and laugh.
If he really wanted to help, he would RESIGN!
You mean Casey , I'll buy that he's a detriment to progress
Make Pittsburgh Great Again???
Yes!  Help PA lead the climate movement since the Feds will not.
What have you done for the city bozo since you've been in the Senate?  Nothing

More than 65,000 people in Pennsylvania work in the renewable energy industry - that's more than mining, oil and gas combined https://twitter.com/Acosta/status/870367551213195265 …
Thats bullshit.....im in pa and your lying
Prove it wrong!
Well ?????? You give up that easy ????...im not surprised 
I posted a response and you gave up by not answering  so who do you think your fooling?
Clueless. Please stay out of Pittsburgh. You are busy enough destroying NEPA
Why didn't the Obama Administration submit the treaty to the Senate for a vote?Why didn't u demand Obama to submit the treaty 2 the Senate?
He will idiot he's just not going to give our money away to the rest of the world
Perhaps YOU Senator should support building the wall and removing illegal aliens.
Senator, if you are able, please tell us how Pres Trump is not protecting Pittsburgh's air and jobs? Why do you say the dumbest things?
How about CLEAN WATER for Flint?! Still cant drink it..in America..not a third world country..or are we?
By pulling out of Paris agreement, looks n sounds like he saying we can do it w/out outher countries telling us what we can and can not do.
Just admit that you know nothing about the accord.Your air & water statement is as pathetic as Hillary
Traitors are not here to help things get better. When are you guys gonna realize he is only out to harm us.. stop him.
Do something about the huge drug epidemic in Philadelphia. Our mayor is taking a few days off on a glacier tour
I am glad President Trump is getting us out of that bad deal that is the #ParisAccord
YOU Have done NOTHING to help PA. We (US) can do more than the accord can without wasting $$ like Oblunder did
And not lie about them voting for his stupid and inane self which most did not
45 not interested in anything except getting his Rus loans forgiven by Putin in x-change 4 lifting sanctions. Yrs of 45 Rus money laundering
Clean Air?? But still, Bobby no one has the b*lls to address the ongoing #chemtrails that have already screwed up your 'clean air'  #DENIAL
PA voters disagree.
Paris Agreement does nothing to address Climate Change; just a global giveaway of American jobs & $$$$
Thank you for denouncing 45's #ParisAgreement decision, @SenBobCasey.
And support education and retraining for jobs in renewables. Solar has been a booming industry in Pgh. Please educate the WH. #ResistTrump
That is in the hands of the people to keep their air clean etc. There is no problem with climate change. Lie.
Senator, the Mayor of Pittsburgh rebutted the president very well on Hardball earlier. On live TV even.
You Democrats are so crazy. Face it Senator Pennsylvania helped push Trump over the top! So who's listening to this mumbo jumbo?
Nope...move the kobs to cheaper less restrictive states--it's why I left NJ. Sadly Bob, you're not your Dad.
Putting the Paris Climate Ripoff ahead of Pa jobs! This is why Casey needs to go!!!!!  #MAGA
The Paris Agreement is non- binding.  Who says POTUS wouldn't protect clean air and he is doing fantastic in jobs category.
And their water!

Lest we forget:
@EPA was asleep at the wheel on #flintwatercrisis under GOP, Dems & Obama.
So git off that high horse sir
"The (lead) levels in Pittsburgh are comparable to those reported in Flint.”

https://jagadees.wordpress.com/2017/05/25/how-a-private-water-company-brought-lead-to-pittsburghs-taps/amp/ …

#PittsburghWaterCrisis
PA needs to vote Casey out of office,
so how much is ur cut from the money we were pissing away 4 this agreement? .03 degree drop in 100 years. Want ocean frnt prpty in Ne? #Sham
"If"
Bob, the airs fine in Pittsburgh, there's plenty of job openings,. Try to get someone to pass a drug test to be able to be hired.
And he is.
Hillary won Pittsburgh
Well he's an ass
#ParisAgreement does nothing to help Pittsburg air or jobs. A strong America will do that. We know the truth @realDonaldTrump Get real Bobby
The only ppl he's interested in helping are his family & 'friends', not anyone else.  >:-(
Trump dominated Pittsburgh, Bob !
Are you as concerned as I? I am a PA resident & he scares me to death
@realDonaldTrump cares about @realDonaldTrump .  He may care about #IvankaTrump a little bit (this is not sarcasm).  That's it.
Senator, he brought the battle to Pennsylvania. I am volunteering to help you any way I can. Let's send him a message. Screw brotherly love!
Thank you!! for speaking up against the ignorance of a bully so far hurting  us and our country @realDonaldTrump
Please take him down! Please please please!
That is exactly what he's doing. Just because other countries are 100 yrs. behind us in controlling emissions, doesn't mean we hand over $$$

Would you please stop this bullshit Bobbie....oh i cant wait until your gone
Apparently someone needs to have a little chat with @MikeKellyPA and get him to understand what my kiddo learned in 1st grade science class.
Protect our rivers and woods, where money is waiting to be made. Would love to see more outdoor rec in this area.
Pittsburgh collapsed in the 70's. Then rebuilt itself. Now good paying jobs and clean air. Can congress stop this madness?
Trump being Trump baby.  Gotta love it!!!!  #maga
I can remember riding thru your blacken streets as a child. So sad that he represents Pittsburgh #resist
PA Clown.
Yes! Thank you clean air and water benefit everyone
Not only jobs, but technology advances which might be helpful for National Defense.
He would have begun his presidency with an infrastructure bill - if he was truly interested in helping Americans!
The #oldeconomyjobs steel mills are never going to re-open.  The people of PIT have moved on to the 21st century economy.  Trump Populist BS
Retire already!
 If he really wants to help himself that would not be included.
Quit your job and get somebody who has a head on their shoulder
Senator Casey with all due respect. When you start walking or riding a horse ect to get around then you might be taken seriously about this
If you really wanted to help the people of Pa you would be working on getting our coal miners working again. Instead of your petty BS. JOBS
trump doesn't CARE about #Pittsburgh-  trump TOOK away steelworker's jobs by importing Chinese steel for his buildings.

Trump needs to resign
Thought I misheard him say Pittsburgh but I guess he did. My mom grew up there, and no one,inc. workers, wants bad air/water+climate change.
80% of us voted for Hillary!
No. If he REALLY wanted to help the ppl of Pittsburgh, he'd resign & take out the garbage he brought into the WH with him. #RESIST
Demand an independent doctor for a mental evaluation & health exam of trump cause this dr. note expired 2 years ago
This is what PROPAGANDA looks like... https://twitter.com/existingtoday/status/870160522351652865 …
Is Trump wanted to give people jobs he would stop lying about coal #ParisAgreeement
#SCROTUS obeys no laws or norms other than benefiting Mother Russia, for the safety of the world remove
That's a foolish statement Senator. I'll be glad when Rick Saccone replaces you in 2018
I'd like my beer without e coli.  Thanks!
So should you as our elected Senator who has done NOTHING to protect PA jobs. By the support you gave the Obama disaster we lost jobs.
And the agreement was not about Paris unlike what #45 implied in his ignorance is first speech
This is not making America Great Again,this is a one man war against  the world and the environment. America is losing.
How many jobs did Solyndra create Bob??
The people of Pittsburgh are light years ahead of this WH.  Hard work and innovation built a beautiful, clean city.
LOL of course he doesn't REALLY want to help the people of Pittsburgh -- or anywhere else! Only one Donald wants to help is himself.
Can Dems STOP the big GOP myth? Jobs pay less & are less secure b/c of GOP attacks on labor-min wage & unions-NOT Paris or what Dems've done
He only cares about money.
Trump revealed without any doubt that he still knows nothing about Pgh. All he did here was pretend city longing for new steel mills! Stupid
If he really wanted to help all Americans he would resign! Or as @PressSec would say "PERIOD!"
Thank you 
They are risking their children and grandchildren and all living things, all peoples. They don't GAF! Traitors, criminals, murderers, demons
and you've done nothing while Obama killed our middle-class and healthcare,so dishonest and stupid too
And healthcare
Don't you mean government taxpayer paid jobs Bob. Democrats don't know how to create private sector jobs. Ask coal miners.
Thank you !
Bob, Bob, Bob It's a non-binding agreement. You should be pissed it wasn't ratified by the Senate. Solar panels will triple costs. At least.
@RepTimMurphy @SenToomey Thank you, Senator!!! You are the only MOC speaking up for us in 15234!!!
Does he plan on protecting Michigan? 
#PresidentBannon
IF Trump cared about coal miners, he wouldn't try to save their jobs. They'd rather work as technicians on solar and wind.
Yes, support education and retraining for jobs in renewables. No one wants to die in a useless coal mine

Pennsylvania supports the fight against Climate Change 
Somehow that logic is completely but not surprisingly lost on Trump..
Dude, give it up. You're looking more idiotic with every tweet.
Thank you!
Clown  Bob, do you represent Pennsylvania or Europe 
Well we know Trump represents  Russia
Again I ask, what jobs do you speak of. What jobs have you brought to Pa that has anything to do with clean air.
You're not supposed to ask that kind of question! Just trust Bob and resist! #MAGA
Didn't he lose Pittsburgh?
You tell him, Senator!  Proud you are mine!
you are making the silly assumption that he might give a shit
Still in denial Clinton lost the election? Keep sobbing while Trump gets things done. This is real sovereignty. #ParisAgreement
Thank a GOP governor for that. States don't ask presidents permission for switching water sources
Right and where's Trump?
I live in Philly but I can't wait 2 vote against this Daddy's boy in 2018 if he doesn't stop "resisting" and start supporting our President.
Really?  Exactly how would that help ? Come on, give me the details.
Or resign.
Please remind him of this:
Sen Casey, we as Pennsylvania must STEP UP and take matters into our own hands. Go it alone if out pathetic @potus won't do what's right.
What are you doing? #hypocrite  #HOAX #MAGA...bye
Well, the steel mills were gone. And coal isn't coming back. My heart aches for the people of my home state
Just what have you done for Pittsburgh, Bob? You definitely are not your father.
Senator Casey is always on the right side of issues. He works very well with our mayor!
Pittsburgh is CMU & Pitt scientists developing the energy of the future and advancing our economy with new green tech, not just coal miners
This country still needs coal while we search for alternative sources of energy.
Search? Sue, wind, water, and solar are known energy sources that need investment and workers to build the tech.  Let's do that here in PA!
Where have the dems been for pittsburgh the last 8 years for jobs??? Instead of handouts to lazy & entitled
#casey the disgrace
Casey. Maybe you should you focus on making Pennsylvania great again!
Casey's ineffectiveness has been established beyond question. He is only interested in his own power and wealth, as is every #Dem.
I think you have Senator Casey mixed up with Toomey, who will not even meet with his own constituents. Cowardly GOP!!
You do nothing for the people of PA. TERM LIMITS!!! BTW today is an odd day on the calendar. Is this your day to be pro-abortion or prolife?
Casey's term limit should have been Zero.
Can Pennsylvania join on its own?
My skin is crawling every time he says Pittsburgh.
Job growth already at record high. The Paris Treaty limits that growth unequally.US can address climate on our own w/o unequal participation
Coal miners sure do love wind power more than jobs, don't they?
Right. He had nothing going for himself before he became @POTUS.
Get it together and impeach! https://www.amazon.com/dp/B072BX6FL3?th=1 … #resist #impeachtrump #trump
Not your president, then move
Duh
@realDonaldTrump is a #jagoff
You tell him Bobby! Pittsburgh is a tech and healthcare city now, no more steel or coal
Its a natural gas city.
Cant run hospitals &tech centers without natural gas supplies. Solar panels dont run operating rooms.
I'm not arguing with you on that point this was a question about jobs and value add not our electrical infrastructure
dont they both tie into each other? Without pgh nat gas production Tech and health care growth wouldnt exist to its current level
I mean sort of, but wouldn't they just source the power from else where? How much of pgh nat gas actually is used by constellation/duke etc
He doesn't want to help anyone but himself. T manages to reveal his own weaknesses & take everyone else down with him- US.
The Congress and Senate need to get it together NOW and stop this lunatic!!
He doesn't know Pgh, he shouldn't invoke Pgh.
