I am middle class and can't afford my health care costs.  Shame on this government.  Net -$8,000/yr w/ Obamacare.
Thank you for standing up to defeat #trumpcare !
no Bob, the republicans defeated themselves and its #Ryancare, Trump didn't write it. Report facts, not talking points.
All you Dems can have the credit for blocking this bill, you still own the nightmare known as O-Care. Boom!
sorry, wrong on both counts. U know what they say when u "assume".
I can assume ur pro wet blanket Casey.
@PaulBegala now on to tax reform...more attempts to cut taxes for the wealthy
how did u help the middle class. Again nothing. The funny thing is the democrats are the true wealth of our country. U=swamp
thank you for standing up with us. Let find a bipartisan way to fix the ACA problems- work with insurance and drug co.  cost
Thank you for once again standing up for the little guy.
Thank you Senator. Now #resist the rest of Trump agenda because his legitimacy is in doubt.
Please show respect unlike the GOP and call the bill by its name. The now failed AHCA. NOT TRUMPCARE
U wrote this POS. In the last 8 yrs have the seniors got anything. You try to put your self as a hero. U failed the seniors
And Kudos to @RepCharlieDent for his thoughtfulness and for considering us, his constituents!
why won't you expose Obama care for what it is? Your a liar Bob.
The Freedom Caucus stopped it.
@EarthAura ding dong the bill is dead the bill is dead, ding dong the wicked Rep health bill is dead! Better it than us, Tx God
With your diligent and committed help!  Thank you
Be careful about attacking the rich it includes many of your Democrat colleagues like Elizabeth Warren.  She'll have your scalp
@SenToomey thank you Sen Casey! Toomey your a loser
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, sir!!!!
thank you for your service.. Now we/ America needs your help to remove the Russians from the White House. 
Yeah PA!  And Yeah Senator Casey!
thank you!  You did a great job representing us in PA

Thank you- without your representation, it's difficult to hear our voices outside PA.
thank you!
Would U care 2 pay my$400 bill 2 Macungie Amb for a 5 mi trip 2 ER? I can't afford it. I'm e
THANK you for your help, sir! Will you now please help us with what we really want, need and deserve - Universal health care?!
Stop the political BS. It's time for politicians to work together to FIX healthcare
With your help and leadership...thank you @SenBobCasey !!!
thank you, please keep fighting for us. Next thing is to get the So called prez and his cronies out.
Thank you for not being a turn coat like Barletta!!
But taxing the sales that give them life will restrain the evil of  excess of personal choice.
thank you!
I am proud to have you as our Senator!
Taxing lawfully is always the best health-care; for people will spend their money on what gives them life.
Taxes R always instituted 2 restrain evil. Tax the sales market & a just system will establish itself according 2 personal need
You penalize the righteousness of owning a home 2 pay 4 unjust education (against freedom of conscience) in violation of Rom.13
You get the twisted tax-law award. You tax the middle class & seniors unlawfully.
Personally, I was against the lack of anyone telling people who don't want or qualify for gov't aid, what was available...
Thank you for fighting the good fight for at risk Pennsylvanians.
THANK YOU
BTW, did ISIS get defeated in 30 days? Did he reveal his secret plan #KnowsMoreThanTheGenerals
thank you!
Thank you for resisting! We  you.
thank you! We are so lucky to have you as our Senator!
Thanks for all your help on spreading the word
Thank you for your leadership Senator.
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan  THIS RIGHT HERE.
thank u for fighting against #Trumpcare #killthebill
Thank you @SenBobCasey
@TheDemocrats @NancyPelosi Dems have to get to work and fix ACA. @SpeakerRyan knows the ACA problems, work with him
And thank you for joining us in this fight. I'm glad you'll be fighting alongside us against the rest of the GOP agenda.
republicans are done with healthcare and democrats have zero chance of doing anything without them. Now it goes broke. We lose!
:Senator Casey you stood with us many thanks.
THANK YOU.  For once happy tears.  I might be able to sleep tonight.  Thank God.
and now we watch obamacare go bankrupt. Casey is a fool. America lost!

Proud of us and thankful for you For being our voice in PA, Senator!  Onto the next fight!
thank you for standing up for PA!
you do know obamacare is going bankrupt now and will not be replaced. Then what? Nothing, that's what!
