And exactly how are you fighting? I haven't seen the turtle punched in the mouth
Punching is the only way to fight? Ignoramus.
Thanks for calling me a name. It's good that liberals insult each other. That helps us win. And punching works
You are entirely welcome. I am not a liberal. Isn't 'liberal' a name? Punch a Nazi for Jesus!
If you're not a liberal then go away. Far, far, away.
If you are not a fart, you will not escape my sweet petunia.
If allowing foreigners to take jobs from American stateworkers is fighting for us - it won't be much of a fight for you.
I look forward to debating Bob Casey, hopefully he quits ducking me! #Kerns4Senate #pasen #WhereIsBobCasey #Liberty
He's lbusy doing his job for Pennsylvanians. Harass Toomey if you want to call someone out for being MIA!
. @SenBobCasey I couldn't be there due to a family commitment, but I sincerely appreciate you holding an in person town hall. Thank you.
Wish I could have been there! Hope you will do it again soon...meantime I am sending a donation to your campaign! We need you!
unlike Toomey, your FB link worked '
Casey promises to "fight like hell" to keep massive Obamacare tax hikes on working Americans !
Gee thanks Bob for letting us know we only have one Senator looking out for us and it's not you
@jerjohner57 Kp pushing 4 full investigation in2 illicit Russian ties. Review @Khanoisseur & @HackTheBird B4 Trump sells  WH.
Fight Fiercely Senator, have you seen @SenToomey anywhere?
Thank you Senator. I vote for you. You are The Man.
Thank you, Sen Casey!
Perhaps you could give your colleague across the aisle some pointers. @SenToomey @TuesdaysToomey
vote no to Gursich
We love the positive press you're receiving! Thank you for staying true to your principles and our Commonwealth. #PAProud
Thank you for addressing your constituents. Share our concerns with Sen Toomey. He appears to be MIA.
put him on a milk carton! He knows he has lots of years till reelection and doesn't care but we'll remember!
Glad to see you handled Dale Kerns so handily! (Libertarian for senate) He can't touch you!!
thank you! I will be campaigning and voting for you in 2018!
Thank you. We need your persistence right now.
Cool. Russia.
31 followers. Haha Russiabot.
It means I can't take you seriously becuz u r fake. Like fake news. Lol.
I'm neither a Dem nor a Liberal. You fool.
thanks
now you care about the ACA yet when your office called abt needing help with problem with ACA No reply just sound of crickets
Sorry to have missed it but saw it on fb! Good job!!
until 2018 when we vote you out.
Thank you very much for holding the town hall. Any chance @SenToomey will join you next time?
thank you Sen Casey! You sir are a patriot and a blessing to PA!
then stop blocking the president's move and appointees. You are fighting against America with the blocking
THANK YOU
thanks
Thank you. I will continue to vote for you. PA needs a replacement for Toomey. He has to go next election.
Ramp up energy Bob & fight like our lives depend on it. You're one of what . . . 5 or 6 DNC folks w/ any backbone? Proud of you
I watched on Facebook and felt heartened and inspired.  Thanks for your work.  We'll keep supporting you and America.
Look at that @senToomey! It IS possible to hold a town hall in Philly. I bet @SenBobCasey would give you advice on planning. @TuesdaysToomey
Thank you senator for holding a Town Hall and meeting us face to face !
And thank YOU for living in reality. We need you more than ever. You are one good man!
you mean continue to fight for yourself and demean us with your rhetoric.
how? By encouraging us to continue resisting? Actually holding a town hall? Being truthful? Please enlighten us..
Your self I suspect saying all the PC things
thank YOU!!
long live the kings of democracy please don't stop you guys are like our soliders protecting us
Watched on FB and I appreciate your taking the time to address our concerns. See, @SenToomey we are #RealPA and we don't bite!
Thank you Sir!
Why don't you fight for the unborn? Your dad would be ashamed of you.
glad to see on Pennsylvania senator listens to his constituents thanks Bob. What about you Toomey @SenToomey
You did Great!! Thanks for saying "Keep it up" to the people. Sometimes just 1 person feels like they don't affect much.
Please ....
You then voted to join only when Congress could participate in both the DC exchange.  You think we wouldn't find out?
When have you identified with your constituents? You agreed to exempt Congress from Obamacare.
With him and all Rs, it is party before country.
thanks for all you do Senator! A true man of the people!
more of these! Great to be there. Would love to hear more about how you'll protect the @EPA, regs on the chopping block.
sorry I missed it. thanks for your thoughtful representation.
I watched on Facebook. Very well done! Thank you for listening and giving direct answers!
Keep the fight going. Ryan is a fast talker.
You continue to fight for government power, not reigning it in.
Senator. I hope someone is totally researching the 25th amendment. I don't expect him to get any better.
thank you for addressing my concerns today! Please repeat in other parts of the state!
Thank You! I Believe You! Let us know what we can do to help.
thank you senator!
Article 25 , the man is UNSTABLE
also, repeat after me (if you want to be president): abortion should be safe, legal, and rare.
It's all about killing babies!
Thank you for your work, Senator!
Thank you Senator!  I could not make it to Phily; watched it LIVE and I am so glad you will continue to fight and we will too
Thank you now can we get Trump/Bannon impeached
Thank you!  I watched on Facebook Live.
thank you. I can't say I'm feeling any less worried that DJT & crew are destroying our country, but glad we can try to stop it
thank you for your persistence and fairness.
Thank You Senator
how about a bill to drop DST and add an extra day to the weekend? #FightForPA
