Can't they "just say no to drugs"?? #Reagan #AnotherShill
The sky is NOT falling!  Stop scaring people.
@SenBobCasey What about hardworking Middle Class families that are paying high premiums and have 3000 deductibles? Do you care about us?
Sounds like just the druggies what he's interested in
@SenBobCasey Hardworking families are tired of this BS. We want America first. We want working families first! People who pay taxes first!
Some hardworking families who pay taxes also have need of opiod addiction help.These r people who become addicted due to accidents or injury
... who were treated in hospital with RX drugs then became addicted.  Do research, you will learn about it.  Make America Smart Again
Til his family is touched by tragedy, this jerk will sit upon his pedestal. Such a piece of sh**, each and every one of them. DIRT.
@SenBobCasey Thanks from a NEPA constituent, visiting Alaska. Really grateful you have our backs! Keep fighting!
Senetor please make sure that the Trump healthcare bill pass.
Thanks. I am sorry sir. My Name is Morris Tarpeh.
No public hearings.
No debate. 
No bipartisanship.

And the GOP wants to vote next week on health care? Shameful.
No, the state and the people who are dependant must take responsibility
#KillTheBill #ProtectOurCare #ProtectOurDemocracy
You can't fix everything....
...but what will 45 do in the early hours of the morning?
@MeatballMom2 @SenateGOP @NBCNews
Bet @SenToomey is happy about shafting his ordinary constituents-seems only interested in tax cuts for wealthiest peeps SAD @TuesdaysToomey
Why is the Republicans afraid of Universal Health care
Because it would take them out of the insurance industry's profit kickback.  Let's demand same insurance that covers their health.
That would be nice, but won't happen. The Co's that donate to elections don't do it cause they like them, it's lobbying!

We the people MUST take a stand against the tyranny of the repugnant reps of treason.
https://twitter.com/senbobcasey/status/886286270573445120 … except in Alaska where they just threw them a Billion plus dollar bone!
.@SenateGOP health care bill pulls the rug out from under those who need treatment for opioid dependence. http://nbcnews.to/2tPQVzV 
$40 billion for opioid addition was added to the "updated" bill. Obamacare does suck. Those cornballs had 8 years to fix (not plan)the ACA.
#WorstRepublicans up4 reelection in 2018. Whose urs & why? RT make viral trend #WorstRepublicans
Senators:  Now is the time for all good men to come to the aid of their Country.  @SenSchumer @SenDeanHeller @SenJohnMcCain WWII saying
If the the GOP Senators support this health care bill, it's a slap in the face to the families whose loved ones need treatment #opioidcrisis
Convince TOOMEY to abandon the GOP ship of _hit!
Big fucking deal.
This scares me so much. Head out of asses, rich old white men.
Opioid epeidemic  became  rampant  during the last  regime what did  you guys  do about  it? Now and other @DemSenators  pretend to care.

Disgusting
I don't believe it will fix anything but the bottom line for the very rich! It will cost me my life!
Deathcare! deathcare! deathcare!
Mitch !  Did you do anything yet ?
Thank you for exposing the lies of VP and the rest of the GOP.
Don't allow this terrible bill to jeopardize us all.  Fight for your constituents.
No shit 
It will also pull the rug from under #seniors, #veterans and our most vulnerable #patriots. #VoteNoBCRA Plz don't take away our health care
PLEASE quit lying!!! This bill will not only help the opioid dependent, but give people REAL choice in healthcare.
What if you can't afford it, what good is choice?
Wasnt it king t who brought this to our attention? So he lets this happen. Horrible
Speak up Senator Casey!! For all of us.
Why didn't you do your job and get involved?
Well then let's drop it.  Because everyone knows that this is the ONLY problem people who buy health insurance are concerned about.  Genius!
Convince Toomey
Thank you Senator Casey for fighting so hard for so many!! #Obamacare #ACA #KindnessMatters
Who is making big bucks off of these drugs? Set up national registry that contains prescriptions for pain killers only.

No senator...it pulls the rug out from under everyone. Then beats us mercilessly with the rug.
Ask the @GOPLeader why some things in this bill is excluded from their coverage. Bill is ok for you but not for them! Hmm
They need to drop the age 26 and return to 24 & in-school with passing grades. 24 is thru a Masters Program. 26 is laying on the couch
These men are heartless. Americans will die if this bill passes. 600K year will end up bankrupt due 2 med costs. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr
And I'm sure you have a plan so let's hear it
In other words:  Not going to pay for your drug addiction?
No Obamacare, no healthy children. 
No Children, no future. 
The electorate and the senate have the responsibility. 

Greet from Germany
I don't have OC and my children are quite healthy. Of course they aren't relegated to low bidder facilities either ...
There are other parents with sick children. Through solidarity, they can also be helped.
Have you forgot this Oath...
If not, then vote "No" to the Senate Bill...
Get rid of the pharmaceutical lobbyists as they lied first.  Am an RN and remember that  BS.  REPEAL
Over a million new diagnoses of cancer each year, 585,000 deaths. This Bill takes away life saving treatment and FY2018 cuts research
Opium you helped ship. In Bobby?
ideology can blind as does conflict of interest: greed.
With all due respect, I hope what this Bill does to cancer patients & survivors might be highlighted also. 585,000 deaths per year already.
open market choices will permit them back into the Cancer Centers, Mayo Clinics and other Top Tier facilities
No, I'm sorry you are wrong. We won't be able to AFFORD any coverage, no pre-ex protection. You cannot receive treatment without $ or ins.
i don't have OC, I've been covered throughout the whole mess, never had a price hike & I have $150 ded for hospitalization. Free isn't free
He has been there 10 + years still waiting
