The GOP tax plan ends the Estate tax, which only helps 5,200 of America’s wealthiest families.
From the @CenterOnBudget "Contrary to repeal proponents’ rhetoric, the estate tax affects very few small farms and businesses"
The GOP tax plan would lower the top tax bracket, meaning a massive tax cut for those at the very top.
In fact, in a gut punch to workers and their families, they actually raise the bottom tax bracket.
Claiming to double the standard deduction is also misleading. Read @jbarro on how the middle class may pay more.
The GOP tax plan also eliminates the state and local deduction, meaning middle-class families would be taxed twice on their hard-earned pay.
This is particularly hard on the middle-class. In PA 86% of taxpayers claiming state and local deduction make under $200K, 52% under 100K.
They preserve tax deductions for big business & sheltering corporate profits while eliminating one of the biggest for the middle class.
The GOP tax plan would also rack up massive deficits which could lead to cuts to Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid.
They've tried this before- In the early 2000s, the GOP moved to privatize Social Security following a massive tax cut for the wealthy.
.@SpeakerRyan and the @HouseGOP have repeatedly tried to end Medicare as we know it by turning it into a voucher program.
In their healthcare scheme, Congressional Rs pushed to decimate funding for Medicaid.
So if the GOP pass their tax plan, what will they do to offset the deficit increase? Move to cut Social Security, Medicare & Medicaid.
This tweet totally screwed up the rest of my Trump-free weekend 
What a shameless crook this guy is!
Louder Senator. Get a booking on FAUX "news". Take out ads...put it in billboards.
The American people are being shafted by cons
Thank you Senator Casey for fighting for FAIR tax reform that help the middle class and the poor.
Impeach the TRAITOR, SEXUAL PREDATOR, CORRUPT, LIAR Fake President!!!
And we have yet to see Trump's tax returns.
Of course. I know little about math, but understand there is a tipping point when balance is lost, and we're going to have a very large group of angry constituents. This oligarchy is becoming the kingdom for Sir Trumps Alot and his ilk. We're losing our democracy.
Well. What a surprise. Not.
Swamp Creatures.
Surprise, surprise. Do they think we can't read?

So you say ......IF you've even read it.
Please call it what it is 
#GOPReverseRobinHoodTaxScam
I can't believe how happy they are to keep destroying this Country. Both these & the White, Poor Morons who voted for them.
#BabylonUSAhell.
Who knew rich fat fucks and slimy yes men would like to retards and only look out for their own self interests?
So people like Trump and Mercer. That's great. Just great. Paid for by the middle class.  These people belong in jail. @gop
So everyone in his cabinet?
Wow surprise surprise ! All trump wanted to do was ruin this country and collect his money from the Russians
You mean real estate developers like Trump?!?
Anyone rich makes out like a fat rat
You must be mistaken, because Trump said this doesn’t benefit him. And he never lies.

Well there we have the income gap widens even more
COINCIDENTALLY it will benefit Trump's cabinet, family, &...thinking...thinking...

TRUMP!

Crooks & thieves, ALL OF THEM.
He's the proud purveyor of loopholes. He is a hole, shut him up.
Please fight this tax plan! Thank you!!
He could gaf less about real American txpayer
Voters beg for MORE tax loopholes for the rich! 
Seriously, everyone but Trump base knows "tax reform" is another GOP Reverse Robin Hood.
Real estate developers? Trump would not do something to benefit himself so directly would he? #impeach #resist
The minute 45* said he wouldn't benefit from the tax plan, you knew he would benefit from the tax plan.
Wow, that's shocking news!
Real Estate developers! What a surprise! Trump is a real estate developer!  Enuff of this bullshit already! 
#ImpeachTrump 
#Impeach45
Get ur asses on the TV and hit the streets and INFORM the people about this DAMN LIE of a TAX PLAN!

Please no. Good God. When will these vampires stop? #fifthringofhell
I'm shocked.
Of course it does. And 45 says he's not going to benefit from this new tax reform bill. I call BS alert.
...and who's surprised? No one with half a brain cell.
I recall someone being a real estate developer,   Just can’t remember who....
Gee, no surprise there!
BEWARE:  @GOP will deceive Americans once more!  Demand transparency and funding plan!  The devil is in the details!  
If ya think the Good old days of Grandpa & Grandma were good or Mom & Dad.. why not tax rich like they did? Look what they built.
I'd like more of THAT for our children and grandchildren..for the future of our USA.
The ship is heavy on 1 side..not going into future..
Thank you for being a voice of reason in a sea of robber barons!
Casey, I suggest you start a petition. Those that sign it would be exempt from any tax change. I will support you for that. 
Loopholes is an understatement
Of course it does
BE FORWARNED !!
Because they don't have enough money yet?!?
I don't trust any plan the GOP wants to implement.  Its always to benefit the upper class and screw everyone else.
That seems about right, seeing that Trump is a real estate developer.Trump ran 4 Pres. because it was a smart business decision. That's all.
This is ridiculous, why the hell should they have this
Democrats = corruption
Don't worry the poor will pay his bills and tax breaks for the rich, Dotard45 agenda, Hitler45 only care about himself
Please do not pass this bill!!! It is not good for America
I would like my taxes lowered...is that actually possible?
49% of the population pays ZERO federal income taxes. Let’s fix that, shall we?
#Welfare4millionaires 
#goptaxplan is empty promises
#Trump and #Republicans take money from middle-class to give tax cuts to millionaires
Sadly this will go through bcuz we the people won't care to call about it like we do healthcare until it's too late. SS & Medicare ARE next.

https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/view/articles/2017-09-28/count-the-broken-promises-in-the-gop-tax-plan … @AlHuntDC
how convenient for the #Trump and #Kushner families. #sic
Outrageous bug no surprise from president liar 
What a coincidence said no sane voter 
Real estate developers - Trump: Nothing in it for me. Ha!
“Hedge fund managers”? That’s because Steve Schwarzman Of Blackstone Group is a financial advisor for Pres Trump.
Black$tone hedge fund$!
The good news about this is A LOT of companies forced employees to become independent contractors during the recession. Good for them.
Shocking!
Real estate and financial companies are predators. Let's reduce regulations and incent them to repeat the financial crises! WHAT?!?
Are you going to vote against tax cuts for the middle class?
Shocker!
Casey we will be rid of your Crap soon.....find a new career !  If you can.
the truth comes out...trump wanted to be president to stoke his ego and save himself some money at america's expense
And the rich get richer!
Shocking!  How could this possibly be @SenCoryGardner? @SenBennetCO #copolitics @indivisibleden @denverpost
So the swamp get rich and we ...... @azmoderate
All while @realDonaldTrump's cabinet members spend millions of taxpayer dollars going home, honeymoon to Europe, & flying to NY.
#Voteno  on this trump tax plan it's going to  benifit  the top 1% percent billionaires including trump, and middle class families shrinking
Yeah yeah yeah let's stay with the old loopholes!  Maybe you'll have to pay more Senator Casey!  " loophole" new word!
Oh big surprise. He has to come out ahead with the plan, because it’s all about him.
@realDonaldTrump is a fraud
you are such a great  and refreshing counterpoint to our other Trump shadow puppet Senator.
No, oppose and thank you for speaking up for PA constituents #Resist
Of course it does!!
Can't wait to pass this! My employees get a raise because I can pay them more, and they make more by getting gouged less by dems tax plans!
That's no surprise
thank you Senator for spelling this out for us and caring about the people of this country! much respect senator! fellow PA resident!
This is SO WRONG!
This is a replay of TRICKLE DOWN ECONOMICS. It will not work. the GOP is misrepresenting this. I'm a CPA w/ 25 years exp. This won't work.
Close that loophole
Swamp food.
Like the folks in the current administration and cabinet? 
How sad is that, this must stop!!!
No no no.

Would you expect anything else from this schmuck?
Price in the picture sent me to the bathroom
Of course it does. So many things to help the Middle Class.  NOT! 
I know I lose 15K in deductions.  I doubt that I am going make it up with the new rates.
Yes, I'll lose pretty much every deduction that doesn't breathe.
If he can get away with it, he WILL screw the middle class.
I can't believe that Congressman and Senators from states with income tax will go for this.
Sickening
In other words, POTUS and his Cabinet.
 Many things. Yuuuuuge things.
I'm shocked,  I tell ya! Just gobsmacked!
My question: what does the effective protest constituency look like?
Why the he'll does anyone care? Let the Big corps make $ so they can hire and build!!!!
Why build when you can pocket the money and call it a day?
No tax plan should be voted on until we know how it's going to help trump
Of course it does. Then to pay for the reduced income they reduce entitlements and tax retirement savings plans. TAXCUTS FOR BILLIONAIRES!
Thread: must read on proposed GOP "tax reform"
go back to sleep bob
Tell us where we can see this
Be sure to hide Russian laundered money. #TrumpRussia
.@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @NRSC @GOPLeader @GOP Congress, No Trump Tax Returns = No Trump #TaxCuts4Rich. Your partisan games must end now.
Wow.  Lower taxes for job creators.  The horror.
Ever see wages go up for anyone but the execs when there’s more money? Me either.
Wow! We should learn a lesson from Kansas. Everyone wants the benefits tax income brings to government services, but no one wants to  taxes
No surprise there then.
The GOP tax plan is disgraceful... please work to defeat it Sen Casey... we're with you & PA Strong 
We all know everything he does is in self interest.
Are we shocked that the primary benficiaries are the Trump family?
#ShowUsYourTaxes DJT before any tax reform.
This administration is exhausting! How might we stop this?
But of course. It'll benefit Trump one he's impeached and help all his rich buddies. It's a win-win!
Dats da point.
Shocking. (sarcasm)
Yay that will help us! right #MAGA
Trump needs his ass kicked. Americans need help in Puerto Rico and he refuses to kick the door open for them. Don't work with that rube
"Amazing"?
Someone give vox a thesaurus and make them sit in the corner
#TAXRETURNS #BEFORE #TAXREFORM
Of course it does! He is taking care of his family business first. What a racket he has!!!
Of course!
Helping himself
Fix it.  No Tax Cut and fund #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
The rich have hidden their money in offshore banks. Can't they just be happy already?
Now they get to bring that money here for 0% tax. (Including all the millions Trump has overseas too)
No amnesty for DACA... but Apple? Sure
Hmmmm, doesn't Speaker Ryan's family own Ryan homes?
Imagine that, a loophole for real estate developers. I'm shocked.
Rob Peter to pay the oligarchs!
This ass is getting wealthy at the American people's expense! We are paying his resorts when he is there!  Now  these tax cuts!
Grifter-In-Chief
Phew. I was worried about them for a minute there.
This take on real estate tax
Will save money for 5400 tax payers or 0.2% of Taxpayers
VOX, you can't quote another group other then vox. That's sad
Tweeting isn't gonna cut it Senator.
Those who make money thru capital already pay little to no taxes.
Who cares?
Doesn't surprise me.  We know it's going to benefit Trump.  We just don't know how because no one has seen his tax returns.
Bob, so you think it's okay for Pa small business owners who create local jobs to pay 40% while Buffett and Zuckerberg pay cap gains. I dont
They aren't loopholes, you dolts! Democrats don't recognize economy generating legislation when it's sitting in front of their face!
Trickle down economics hasn’t worked yet.
Like I said.....
Not a liberal, ass-hat.
Ah, kind words. Name calling. You sure about that?
disgraceful--oppose this Bobby and kiss you job good buy
But of course. Thanks Bob  for keeping us abreast of what this snake oil salesman is up to now!
I have a new tax plan. No paying our taxes until Trump releases his!
CERTAINLY, no tax plan until we know how it affects 45's returns.
He'll no!!
#FellowBabiesBeVeryCarefulOfANYTHINGtrump  .....TAXES , We would be wise to distrust TRUMP .
#TrumpHelpPuertoRicoNow
#BoycottDogCatMeatASIA
So the @GOP are giving themselves a raise? How sweet of them...while the rest of us scrape by just to feed our family's. 
They have one monotonous theme. And it's gotten REALLY threadbare & damagingly chafing. Oligarchs presuming they're Lords - Serfs fed up.
Of course the GOP did it.
They plan on creating a way to prevent people from using that as a loophole and gaming the system.
Why is anyone contemplating tax reform when we have not seen POTUS taxes? How can we let him or his admin create policy w/o seeing them?
IMPEACH ILLEGITIMATE THIEF, INCARCERATE ALL I MENTIONED.
i was a small business owner operator and was taxed out of business.thats a fact
Sounds like you didn’t have a revenue stream is the problem.
of course it does!
@SenSanders @SenWarren A few of the 1% should find Boris Badunov's old placard, "Unfair to Local 12, Thieves, Villains, & Scoundrels Union!"
This is why we can’t have nice things
Hahaha  serious subject but this is what I say when an animal , house cleaner  or musician breaks something in house . OK to RT ?
Hells Yes
Did people think he was actually going to give the poor and middle class a tax break? Omg Mueller needs to pick up the pace.
Mueller is going to find so many laws broken & nothing will be done. Trump appointed AG & Supreme Court justice. Plus republicans don't care
Of course it does
How is this legal when he's obviously profiting personally from policies he's enacting while he holds the office of the president?
It's not but the system requires at least some GOP to be willing to stop him when they have both houses.
All the more reason to have good candidates and get out the vote in 2018! At all levels!
It's also is great for small businesses/entrepreneurs!
You mean real estate developers like Trump & Kushner?  Hmmm... that's a coincidence.
Isn't it though!  Time to release #TrumpTaxes or no vote on bill.
Of course it does.
He thinks we're as dumb as he is.
Would love the CBO to evaluate it with respect to @realDonaldTrump as it would benefit him to where the US owes him money.
In other words, loopholes for him, his family, and his friends?
