This scheme decimates our nation's ability to prevent outbreaks and respond to emergencies
Sec 101 in this scheme. Your premiums go up 20%
Section 102 of this scheme means large employers will no longer have to provide insurance
Can't make it up. It's called "health care freedom act." It frees people to be sick without insurance
This "health care freedom" scheme also frees Pennsylvanians from their hard earned money- premiums up 20%
This new health care scheme by @SenateGOP doesn't improve our health care system- it just increases costs for PA families
I found the page where this scheme provides "insurance for everybody" and ensures "no one will be worse off financially."
7yrs later @SenateGOP health care plan is nothing but an 8 page wrecking ball for middle class families
We all need to survive until the repubs are all gone, and that will happen, there is little question. Hang on folks, eat kale...
Spinach is better for you than kale
Thanks for taking this monstrosity down with such detail and precision.
Get rid of the idiots !
Fucking do something other than tweeting.
What other than voting no, which he will, do you suggest?
I was thinking the same thing. He communicating to his citizens, voting no.  So, what is your suggestion?
Bada boom bada bing
Don't be surprised in a couple of months.
ok, my radar is on .....
Obamacare devastated the middle class. Over 10 million working people r paying Obama's penalty because they can't afford Obamacare. INSANE
Thanks, from a Pennsylvanian, for your vocal opposition. Have you talked to @SenToomey?
I've called, written, faxed, & texted @SenToomey, as have 1000s of others - they simply don't care. The only want tax cuts for the 1%... 
Same here in Alabama... We have no voice here...
I know - it's heartbreaking. And you folks have TWO Republican senators ! At least PA has Democrat @SenBobCasey. Hugs from the Northeast 
One of them we didn't even get to vote for, he was app. by the ex gov. as a thanks for looking the other way while he was breaking the law
Didn't know that - that makes it even more heinous ! Compels me even more to #Resist, especially on behalf of blue dots in red states !
Once for ignoring federal order to remove 10 commandments monument outside of the courthouse, and for telling clerks not to issues same 2/3
The GOP has exposed their COMPLETE LACK OF CARE for the American people.

Time to REMOVE EVERY REPUBLICAN FROM OFFICE until they learn.
2 months
Thanks for posting this @SenBobCasey. This information is exactly what Americans need to see and understand to make smart voting choices!
Great  Illuminati  Today becoming  extremely  rich today become  important for info contact on +13186430728 whatsapp wisegirlie5@gmail.com
Senator Casey, Thank you for standing with us.  I am a constituent in PA.
Loved this thread, sir. & @GOP @realDonaldTrump still pursue their dream of gutting ACA. Bravo 2 @SenateDems @SenMurkowski @SenSusanCollins
Everyone who voted YES will own that vote in 2018. Be prepared to face the wrath of the voting public. We know what you did. #GOPDeathSquad
Did #ElPresident say something pertaining to "Only the Rich" ? Which mean the #SuperRich #Elite #Upper Class. Then why pay taxes? ForgetArmy
Senator, scheme is correct. I'm sure you did the right thing to vote no. Too bad Senator Toomey didn't do the right thing like Sen. McCain.
The world shifted last night, a catalyst for change sparked in the Senate...
Thank you for standing strong against it. I wish I had two Senators that think of Pennsylvanians first.
Sad the middle class cannot see this
Thank your buddy, John "Entitled" McCain for that fiasco! Please, Democrats, take John McCain, please!
Oh Lord my God! What have we walked into?
Exactly!!!!!!
Thank you for the wonderful
Thank you for all you do!
Born and raised in PA, still have family there. Thank you, Senator, for looking out for them.
Thanks for the HEADS UP
Democracy prevailed.
Actually, Obamacare devastates the middle class in order to help the lower class.  But, unlike you, I oppose class warfare.
There MUST BE shown connection between putin & trump, pence, tillerson, etc is well known. Few know putin's connection w/ryan and mcconnell
Thanks for your support of Healthcare on behalf of all Pennsylvanians and all Americans
Thank you for your vote. Once a Casey , always a Casey! Loved your Father as well.
That's not what @SenToomey says. He believes all PA's will be happy and healthy. How can this guy have a job, working for us? #PartisanHack
So what do we do about Waldo Toomey who wants nothing more than to kill Pennsylvanians to line his pockets? He's a no show for us.
Thanks, @SenBobCasey
Sen Casey, You shld know terrible schemes that devastate the middle class b/c YOU voted for obamacare.
I'm not in PA, but I still appreciate the info and insight. Thanks Bob! 
We so much appreciate all of you fighting for all of us
Were you talking about the ACA Obama bill???

An absolutely astonishing & unbelievable clip. You'll want to watch this & you'll want others to watch this. 
Scheme!   @SenBobCasey said it again! 

#CaseyDrinkingGame
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you for keeping us informed
@SenBobCasey thank you. As a Kansas girl, our Reps are less than forthcoming. I appreciate, as always, your summaries of this disaster.
I'm ready to sell my home
The middle class is already devastated.
Thank YOU. Mr. Casey.  we appreciate the hard work.
EVERYBODY NEEDS TO KNOW THAT THIS BILL STRIPS YOU AND YOUR LOVED ONES OF MUCH NEEDED COVERAGE..WHICH YOU CAN'T AFFORD IF IT PASSES
You will be retired and replaced in 2018
Thank you for voting no Senator!
The outrageous sky-rocketing health premiums/co-pays/deductibles the past 5 years r devastating us now & @Democrats r doing nothing about it
LIAR ACA DEVASTATED MILLIONS OF PPL BUT YOU ARE A DLYING DEMON
Thank you, thank you, Senator for your leadership!
keep up the good work Senator Casey for Pennsylvania
Midterms are coming. Our represenatives can't do it without us. Let's repeal and replace senate GOP! Vote, encourage others. Be the change.
Thank you for actually sharing it. Something no one else in your party seems willing to do.
Bob casey is SHIT
Thank you for doing the right thing and voting against these monstrosities.
@CindyHargest @MrsParty1029 @mrsjamessss THIS ENTIRE THREAT OMFG
Clearly I meant "thread", but given the provisions of that bill, the word "threat" could've been used, as well. #resist
Bill Clinton said,"Obama care is a joke on the American people."With a 1,000% premium increase in AZ,he must be right.Is this new one worse?
Thanks for getting this out. I appreciate you tweeting this 
Thank you Sen Casey!
Hold fast Bob.  This PA RN is worrying about her patients.
Thread of 8 page GOP Deathcare Bill 
Kill The Bill
The reason we're even in this mess is thanks to Obama & the Dems creating & passing such a horrifically onerous piece of crap originally!
Can we stop thinking about healthcare as insurance & start thinking of it as a public life saving service like the fire & police depts?
@gop < party of death
They want to eliminate the Middle Class !
Uncaring Crooked corrupt lying Republicans
God. We let ourselves get sidetrack by The Mooch and Trump's tweets while this was happening.
The middle class who because of the GOP's tax plans this far is bearing the bulk of the tax burden while the wealthy have all the influence.
It's Deathcare by koch-whores
@txmockingjay @SenateGOP what about the poorest? What about fixed-income seniors? Seniors in skilled nursing facilities? #Shame
This bill is disgusting it's going to screw everybody man woman and child
Please explain this to @SenToomey.
Tell @SenJohnMcCain @SenDeanHeller to vote NO!

Pls RT 2 inform Everyone - most MSM @MSNBC @CNN won't
Scheme!  
This administration is hell bent on carrying on the GOP agenda to eliminate the middle class and enslave us that Reagan initiated.
Hey bob remember Christmas when you stuck it up our asses late night nobody read it pelosi said u have to pass it to see what's in it well
What middle class?
B4 2016 election told family members supporting Trump that none of them had enough money to be voting for Republicans. now they know true.
That's the problem with America, everyone thinks they are going to be rich one day.
GOP, you had 6, I repeat, 6 years to come up with a plan. And this was the best you could do? SHAME!
Do the best you can to help us, @SenBobCasey as I'm pretty sure @SenToomey doesn't give a damn about constituents..

Yeah, the Dems smartly got the CBO scores. (Nice one.) Thanks to you and your staff for working late.
I thought #DonTheCon was going to bring the middle-class back?
The ACA was literally the biggest wealth redistribution from the mid to low class in US history
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator Casey!
I miss him so much
Me too.
Please convince the few decent Rs to vote No. OMG!
@SenateGOP Please don't kill us because some funding will be lost. This is the genocide of sick children. We KNOW this. You KNOW this.
8 pages that can be summed up in 9 words...
https://twitter.com/akisstobldadrm/status/890762595166281730 …

Thank you, Sen. Casey. From here in the state of Washington!
Vote NO
If it passes, it will be the 2nd time that the Republicans ignore The Pottery Barn rule -- You Break It, You Buy It!
They want to get rid of the middle class
They do. #awful
The middle class, small business, poor...
@SenBobCasey Thank-you for fighting for me. I'm probably going to lose my Medicaid and die because I won't be able to afford my medications
This debacle needs to stop right now!
@AshleyAnne87719
Shame on the GOP #KillTheBill @VP @RepJimBanks @RepWalorski @RepLarryBucshon @ToddRokita @SenToddYoung @RepTrey @SusanBrooksIN @LukeMesserIN
Release the Kraken.
Mitch McConnell and the rest of the GOP hoodlums don’t care about following the rules. This calls for civil disobedience now! #Disrupt
The HCFA. How Congress F**cked America.
Health Care Freedom Bill??? Freedom from Health Care? Wtf?
My senator!!
START SCREAMING>> SHUT ENZI UP
Thank you for your analysis of and opposition to this cruel bill, @SenBobCasey.
What middle class?

THEY COULD CARE LESS.
OVER LUNCH THEY MADE CHANGES
NO THOUGHT ON AMERICAN HC
Thank you for your transparency & support.
My representative: @senrobportman Have you read any of this?!?
KILL THE BILL, DON'T KILL 
        SHAME
Rep continue to bring up promises for ACA.
 But WAIT Trump said EVERYONE but the bills they propose
 speaks volumns
Obliterate more like. That has been their goal since... forever?

Can you please stop complaining about the GOP and come up with a better idea? Healthcare costs are too high. Do something about it.
Yep. It is called Single Payer.
Text at http://cspan.org 
They are a bunch of vile creatures! Repulsive COWARDS! Better get ready for mid term elections! Thats how we fight back!
Stop this Bill @SenJohnMcCain Was your talk on the Senate floor hyperbole or are you going to actually do what you said! Arizona is watching
The @SenateGOP  don't give a f@ck! They are always working against the best interests of the american people. It is #Shameful! #VoteNo
No what we need to do is hit the streets millions of us no work just protest show these assholes who they work for
with all due respect, was it a question WHY they were hiding the bill? The GOP want ACA out because they HATE Obama, nothing to do with us.
Thank you, Senator! Please keep up the fight! We need you!
Will dependents still be covered to age 26? My daughter had to leave college for medical reasons, cannot work till she gets better.
Fight! Do not let this abomination pass.
You could also put post-it's into the original text. This is sticky- work, a mosaic out of nothing.
Thank you for your good work.  Please protect the middle class. 
From a lady with a per-existing cancer (2013) condition.
@SenToomey VOTE NO
Ask them if they have no shame. They could choice to work collaboratively instead.
Keep fighting!
Hey, Senator, can you please kick the Dishonorable Pat Toomey so hard in the nuts that he loses his health coverage?
how about an amendment: all congresspeople & their families & employees are subject to the bill. If they vote for it, let them live by it.
I wonder how @SenJohnMcCain would feel about that right now??? I'll bet it would be a game changer.
Nobody is up to anything good after 11pm.
That's what my Mom used to tell me...
What is WRONG with these people. They are absolute crooks.
Obama Care devastated the middle class. What have you done to bring back steel and machining jobs to Pennsylvania? Those job losses hurt
If you think Obamacare devastated the middle class, you are about to see extinction.
I don't think that is the plan but the less the government is involved the better.

What do YOU think is the best way for America to go forward with Healthcare?

Please Vote and Retweet.
Stay Strong @SenateDems! The majority of the country is behind you. We want to live! #SaveOurCare #resist #Patriots
As a nurse in 17701, thank u for fighting for my patients
What is wrong with this administration
Please correct your tweet: You wrote terrible scheme when you should have said terrible SCAM!
Wait, America has a middle class???
Taking out mandate will DESTROY risk pools. People will lose coverage and/or go bankrupt paying for it. LOTS of people. 16 million!
Dude, Obamacare already devastated the middle class. Where have you been?
LOL
Obama already devastated the middle class with the ACA, you have no right to tell the American ppl that  Republicans are destroying their HC
Oh my God..... YOU BETTER DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS, SENATOR. @Ken_M_T_
Oh hell naw
@SenBobCasey You do us a public service with your transparency. thank you!
What's the point?
THANK YOU @SenBobCasey !  You're an American hero! @SenateDems
laws don't enforce themselves, and mitch mcconnell is more corrupt than a brain tumor full of maggots.
Guess you'll have to pass it to know what's in it...
. @SenBobCasey continues his truly-valuable service by resolving these diff-based bills into their real meaning.
No wonder @SenateGOP was hiding this bill. It's a terrible scheme that will devastate the middle class. Let's go to the text
This part is pretty terrifying as well if I'm understanding it correctly
@TheDemocrats @SenateGOP hang in there and fight for the good cause of healthcare. Vital cause
Thank you for always breaking this stuff down for us
Remind everyone that the ACA was a Republican proposal to begin with and the debate went on for months on a known texts.
Yet you've been preying on the middle class for years.
Is a very sad day when you can no longer trust the government. This is horrible.
Really did you think any less of the @SenateGOP
Trump WH must go. 60 day warning 
Disaster!!
Please try to stop these fraudulent people from throwing American's into bankruptcy and killing others.
You seem surprised...I'm not at all. The Repugnantcons are evil & dedicated to the destruction of poor people...like poor is a dire disease!
The middle-class has already been gutted -
It's time to give working people a god damn break instead of the shaft.
Do not take 16M off healthcare, increase premiums & defund PP!!!
Thank you for keeping us informed. This tells us what the GOP thinks of Americans. Keep fighting, sir.
If GOZp rams this through theyvR going down!
Thank you, Senator Casey ! I've spoken to your staff to thank you for voting "No" - they were gracious, kind, lovely people... #NoSkinny
They are destroying our country, people will die. People will go bankrupt, lose their homes. This isn't freedom, it's #tyranny.
Keep pushing for us @SenBobCasey
.@SenBobCasey This Republican healthcare bill dumps 32 million. We now officially call the @SenateGOP healthcare bill @trumpdumpcare
Did they bring in the celebratory beers yet? I'm sure they can't wait to celebrate their "victory"!
Thank you, Senator. Please keep standing up for all of us! We need you!
Thank you for the bare truth. This tells me this bill is still about party over Americans. Shame.
Stop skinny repeal, they know it's a disaster! Fix AVA stabilize insurance market!
thank you Senator for keeping your eyes and ours on the ball while everyone spent the day talking WH fake drama.
taking odds.  when the proverbial sh*t hits the fan, what do you bet Trump claims he did not know what was in  the bill?

All so that the most wealthy citizens get their tax break, for shame GOP! You and your pseudo Christians will share space in hell... 
Thank you, Senator.
The middle class has already been devastated. Even the CBO says straight repeal will save over a trillion dollars...
No, no they have not.
That's right. Why in the world the GOP r doing it during midnight? To avoid people be there?
Holy shit, why would they write in that large employers no longer need to offer insurance? was bad enough that could pick which states rules
They took away the employer mandate.
