Sessions spoke twice in 2016 with Russian ambassador. He didn't disclose this at confirmation hearing to become AG. http://wapo.st/2lu7BFH 
@marcwizzer Casey not my Senator.
hey we already have a family of Wislosky's in town having another would be wonderful. Can't wait till May my friend.
bull shit! Grow up.
Recuse? Oh no you weak need coward. Resign. He should resign. Get on the right page or don't even try to get reelected.
and resign. No one can uphold the nation's law if they lie to Congress
Then why isn't Obama's AG in prison?
When did either of Obama's lie to congress?
Sessions needs to be fired!
no, he needs to resign.
he committed perjury.
And resign. #investigate #prosecute #invalidate
so when are your collegues gonna start REALLY raising hell? When Putin takes over?
don't you think just recusing himself is not enough? He lied under oath.  Most ppl get a felony for that.
most people...how about Hillary????
that's the best you have? Hillary? Sad! Bigly.
Jess, Hillary was the best you had...and she certainly wasn't good enough.
Keep it up Senator.
NO! He must resign and face investigation. No compromise for treason.
@KathrynCroft Call on him to resign!!!
your wrong. Go hide in a corner
thank you senator lets hope he resigns
Where can i find you calling for a Obama AG to recuse themselves?
And resign as well!! Thanks for always fighting the good fight for our nation.
NO, He should resign.
Wrong! Sessions MUST resign!
Continue to require sessions to support voter rights.
Seriously, you dems shoulsmt point fingers when your not perfect
@washingtonpost sessions needs to resign not recuse or else prosecute
He must resign.
you must prove intent folks. Get over it.
lied to congress under oath . Recusal least of problem .
AG Sessions should resign!
Sessions needs to go to prison for lying under oath to Congress!
ou lost the elections, remember?
Respectfully, AG Sessions has committed perjury and must resign. Recusal is insufficient.
No
you need to call for him to resign.
We need you to also push for Sessions' resignation. We cannot have an AG who lied under oath.
Sessions must resign as AG   This is an unacceptable outrage
#Sessions needs to resign for committing perjury!
Jeff Sessions perjured himself at his hearings - AG Sessions should resign
lock him up lock him up lock him up
please be a leader and not a slave to your party.
he must resign.
A sitting Senator on the Intelligence committee can speak to anyone!  Right, Senator Bob? #Trumprussia
how do we get this done?
I use to think you were a smart guy not an Obama henchman
@3jindismay we must stand up to this corruption #resignjeffsessions
And you should resign immediately. #termlimits
He should also resign if he committed perjury during his confirmation hearings. #SessionsLied
Democrats need to call not only for his resignation, but investigation of entire Admin & require release of #TrumpTaxes
He should also resign since he committed perjury. Congress should demand it.
oh come on Casey - please stop manufacturing issues - you guys lost
Attorney General must resign!
He has proved himself to be a liar. Untrustworthy. He should resign.
yes please.
so make him
investigate? Resign now and prosecute. Why are officials not held to the same standards/punishments as anyone else?
thank you for holding government accountable
he needs to be brought up on charges and removed from the senate!
@bipolarlioness Not enough. Sessions must be investigated for perjury and removed from his position. He's the GD atty gen!!!
Isn't lying to Congress a crime? Shouldn't he be charged with lying to Congress? A CRIME?
He perjured himself...he must resign!
CBS just reported Dems asking Sessions to resign. Is this official?
You're the best.
maybe he had a discussion about his grandchildren # like Clinton
You must demand AG Sessions resign NOW!

@SenBobCasey @SenToomey
no, he needs to be brought up on perjury charges.  He knew what was being asked, and now is playing a game.
If no repercussions for perjury, what stops everyone from lying 2 Congress? AG of all ppl shld be held accountable. Prosecute
Wasn't Sessions under oath when he said ne never met with Russians?
the democratic's are a cancer to the free country we live in I have never seen socialism fight so hard in this country
no Bob, he needs to step down. Now. He should have never been confirmed in the first place.
@fraudfeasor #JeffSessions must be barred from any involvement as he will work for Trump to make sure evidence disappears
Time to put your foot on their necks.  Stop playing Mr. Nice Guy, Dems need to get aggressive, it's OK to fight back!
I agree that he should be charged with perjury. Recusing himself is NOT enough!  What would I get for this?
His double talk shows his dishonesty. Not being a part of Trump's campaign so didn't mention his own contact!
"@SenBobCasey: Attorney General Sessions must recuse himself from #TrumpRussia investigation immediately.
totally agree
I hope @SenToomey and GOP feel the same!
please go one step further and ask for Sessions' resignation.
He lied to Congress. He needs to RESIGN. And we need a full independent investigation about Russia and Trump
who sold uranium to the Russian..Obama administration..on your watch...that was more that a phone call.
Lock him up. 
#RESISTANCE
did you call for the same on HRC when bill Clinton and Lynch met on the tarmac?
he must resign for lying under oath
@funder recuse?? Are you kidding me? He committed perjury and must resign and be held accountable!
If Sessions did have contact with Russians during campaign it was in his capacity as senator. No collusion. Just politics.
.@SenBobCasey @funder Recuse? He lied under oath. He must RESIGN. #trumprussia #TREASON
.@SenBobCasey You spelled "resign" wrong.
Thank you @SenBobCasey.
@SenToomey, please join Sen. Casey in speaking out against this #ConflictOfInterest  #TrumpRussia investigation.
Recuse himself -the man lied under oath at a federal hearing?! IMPEACH!
Sessions must resign! You must call for his resignation.
its perjury, we have to #FireSessions and charge him with perjury and flip him against the rest of the conspirators.
@funder I think @jeffsessions might want to lawyer up!  Lying under oath is a criminal offense. #FireSessions #FIRESESSIONS
NO Recuse is NOT Enough.
#ResignSessions or #FireSessions #Perjury He Lied Under Oath about #TrumpRussia Ties.
Help me, Senator Casey. Trying to find your tweets demanding Loretta Lynch recuse herself on Clinton Corruption.
@funder he lied under oath. Resign not recuse
I wonder why I haven't heard you speaking out until now. Hiding like the R's?
@funder  His resignation is warranted.
@funder why not ask for commerce secretary's resignation, too? He refused to disclose/lied about his Russian connections.
no, he must resign and be prosecuted! #FireSessions #Trumprussia
Not just recuse- accuse - charged with felony perjury.
@funder #recuse or #resign? He lied under oath. We must #resist myth of #alternativefacts as #truth
@funder HE MUST RESIGN OR BE FIRED #FireSessions #russiagate
No, he must be fired, investigated, and jailed
#TrumpRussia
#RussiaGate
#FireSessions
#resist 
#theresistance
@funder Ask for his resignation.
No shit, Sherlock. All Republicans should recuse themselves!!!  INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!!!
Enough with euphemisms like 'didn't disclose,' 'misled,' and 'alternative facts.' The top law enforcement LIED UNDER OATH.
No.  He lied under oath and must resign.
He must also be prosecuted for perjury for lying to Congress.
funny that u don't give equal concern to Hillary foreign contributions. Must not be able to multi task.
you mean resign, right?
recuse himself??? They should ALL resign and so should most of the Congress who are sitting on their hands & not investigating!
To many coincidences @timkaine @HouseFloor @SenateFloor Treason Collusion or a Coup if not Make it happen #GUANTANAMO
that's a minimum. He perjured himself under oath and in writing. Flynn, Sessons- who is next? #investigatetrump #SessionsResign
He should resign!
No Sen Casey, he must resign
Thank you, Senator, for continuing to stand up for us!
no. He must RESIGN. And/or face prosecution.
He perjured himself. At the very least.
@Gwendolyn679
Lying under oath? Sessions should be forced to resign!
this is not recusal this is perjury
#SessionsMustResign  throw the whole administration out on their asses! No Russians in the White House!
will you join other colleagues in asking AG Sessions to resign, considering his perjury?
yes, thank you Senator!
Start the pedo arrests. Release Weiners laptop & take down all the Dems & Reps. Let the good times roll
@GingerSpiceCin he must resign
At the very least! Wow!
Sorry, but he needs to resign.
@JumpTheRework  So his appointed deputy can take over, no need indep counsel! Sessions needs to resign!
must go to jail
@queencerseibae He needs to resign
No, he needs to resign. HE LIED UNDER OATH.
He needs to resign. I know he's a great guy but...perjury. Signed, a constituent.
.@SenBobCasey AG Sessions must RESIGN. #perjury #SessionsLied #SessionsResignNOW
no sir-@jeffsessions must resign immediately. It's time to make America great again and this is an embarrassment. #treason
Recuse himself? With all due respect, Senator, you misspelled "resign."
more than that, he must resign for lying under oath.
I've never called you up before, but I will now: Sessions must resign.
thank you.
and resign!
Keep the pressure on. #stopSessions and find Sen Toomey please. #TimidPatToomey
@KikiAdine It's not the contact, it's the lie under oath. Should be fired. .2x looks like a cover up at highest level
@Gus_802 I'm so proud of President Obama and our Democratic leaders. I'm still holding out for Hillary Clinton.
he needs to resign and be charged with perjury and possible treason.
Attorney General Sessions must now be investigated. Treason comes to mind.
@TallyAnnaE @washingtonpost @gregpmiller  "Recuse?" No he must resign NOW; he's not credible
@washingtonpost he should resign. Immediate independent investigation needs to happen.
Recuse? RESIGN! Is not lying on the stand, under oath, perjury? You guys better backbone up, or you're going down with him!
Recuse? Don't you mean resign? Perjury is a bad quality in an AG.
if he lied to congress he should resign!
RESIGN!  Sessions should resign. #TrumpRussia
@MonsterMarcia @SenBobCasey He should either resign or face prosecution for perjury!
Sessions should & face felony of perjury & Colluding with Foreign Enemy Govt. #Trumprussia
no senator. He must RESIGN immediately and then investigated for treason.
shouldn't he be fired?
I beseech you Senator, recusal should not be entertained. Too many slaps on too many wrists of this administration. #MkAnExmpl
Calls for recusal are not enough. He needs to resign. #JeffSessions
recuse or resign?
Get him out of there now!! Liar!
@TuesdaysToomey No, he should resign. America deserves better than these clowns, I'm so tired of it.
@funder he needs to be criminally prosecuted and removed
Recuse? He committed perjury. He must resign.
it's perjury. Remove or resign. We're past recuse now.
@funder No.He needs to be taken out in handcuffs. Traitors get hung!
@freeandclear1 why aren't you asking for his resignation since he committed perjury? Or is perjury okay now?
According to Dems, they called on him to resign.
@funder Wait a minute! The AJ of US lied to Congress? What's wrong with this story? Lock him up!!!
@funder and be charged with perjury and resign.
resigning is NOT enough, LOCK HIM UP!
Recusing himself isn't nearly enough. He LIED to the Sentate in the nomination hearings. Completely unacceptable!
he should resign. An independent 9/11 type commission should be appointed so we can really find out what's going on.
AG lied to Congress and the American public? That's beyond belief! He doesn't need to recuse, he needs to resign!
#SessionsMustResign
It looks like he straight up lied under oath.  Calling it a "non-disclosure" is quite misleading
Recuse? How about bringing criminal charges against him for lying!
we're with you!
He lied under oath! He needs to resign!
He must resign. Immediately. This is a lie to the American people and a lie to the Senate. #russiagate #russiatrump
in a Loretta move, he'll proclaim there was no intent so no prosecution, and all the Dems will back him
AG Sessions’ job is to prosecute 18 USC §1621 perjury and 18 USC §1001 false representations with intent to deceive
Well thank God we can count on him to punish himself lol
It will be his first big case...
I'm kicking my own ass 
And the applause will be tremendous, believe me
Thank you
@thebabs780  discussed!! We cannot count on anyone in this administration to tell the truth!! This is ridiculous! Resign
Thank you, sir. Hope you press that opinion and others share it.
@thebabs780  Senator Sessions needs to resign from his posting as AG! Flynn now Sessions saying oh I don't remember what we
with all due respect Senator, AG Sessions committed perjury. Recusing himself is not severe enough. He needs to be punished.
