The current regs under Title IX, & the law & regs under my own Campus SaVE Act, already ensure a fair & impartial process for all students.
Today, Sec DeVos made the work of holding violent perpetrators accountable more difficult.
She's an amoral wealthy princess, she doesn't comprehend REAL WORLD problems. How can people who have NEVER lived like US represent US?
Like #POTUS? @realDonaldTrump ?
He far exceeds amoral. But, absolutely is NO representative of REAL AMERICANS.
He is in no way CAPABLE of comprehending what reality is.
I wonder if she has ever taken the time to talk to even one survivor of a sexual assault.  It is something that stays with you forever.
I agree.  It happened to me and I had severe PTSD for 10 years.  I was never able to teach again.
And this am, my daughters college just tweeted a warning about a rapist loose on campus but ya know, nothing to see here
Omg!!
Correction -3 sexual assaulters yup.
Ugh!! Very scary times w/ psycho @realDonaldTrump in charge.
No, it's not. Due process is the individuals right under the constitution. Leave it to the Dems to want to destroy all of our liberties.
Well let's be honest Senator. Sec Devos appointment and approval in the first place is an insult to survivors of education.
@BetsyDeVosED is an insult to Americans. Period.
Glad of it. We don't need school's kangaroo court exposing innocents who are accused and women who may be victims. Let police do their job
And a protection of innocent people
It be nice if Title IX programs included outreach & trainings for #SWD there are NO #disability groups/information provided on websites #ADA
She's essentially made a "grab 'em by the " culture acceptable on college campuses. She's a disgrace.
Innocent until proven guilty.  Women lie.
Or is it trying to protect young men falsely accused? Two sides to every story, Bob.
Damn she is horrid!
Thank you Senator Casey.
Protecting rapists and hating on women is her goal #DearBetsy why? @BetsyDeVosED why won't you protect women?
If they all looked like Nancy Pelosi they would all be safe
Correct.
What is it with the @GOP Go and their all out assault on women?
What assault  on women?
They don't care about women issues. This is about eliminating OBAMA. Nothing more.we are collateral damage!
Thank you Sen. Casey- PA is lucky to have you!
She is an insult to democracy and human decency.
God, you're a left-wing kook.  DeVos is trying to ensure due process and protect EVERYONE's rights.
Impeach her while you impeach trump! A twofer!
It is worse than an insult. It is a slap in our face. Why must we be taking such steps back and push women to be afraid to report rape.
.@BetsyDeVosED
Yes, it is!
The lack of #accessible programs, outreach & inclusion of Students w/#Disabilities in Title IX work @ US colleges breaks #ADA & 504 laws!
Someone needs to figure out how to work against her terrible decisions. Who can help?
#devosservingasexualpredater
#grabtheirpussytrump
i guess she thinks a pat on the  is not sexual assault...
DeVos is an insult to the educational system!
But there is nothing wrong with #revisiting. look at the @Vacation movie remake. #big success movie.
This is ONLY about Dumbos ego and jealously of OBAMA! Eliminate the good by OBAMA!
Your an insult to Pennsylvanians
Apparently due process only applies to illegal immigrants in your mind, Sen. Casey...
Is anyone really shocked anymore with the crazy crap this administration pulls?
Really? So you believe it's a perfect system that cannot be improved?
Casey open your eyes and get a life 
Bob you should be happy your father was against abortions because?
We need a Dexter to take care of rapist and I volunteer to do this free of charge I would save tax payers money 
Does anybody do the right thing in your eyes very negative attitude
Thank you
False. The current system has done away with due process. You should read up on the matter. Try @reason & @HASilverglate
She is a NIGHTMARE!
She another rich person with distorted rich person ideas. She's gotta go. Y'all are out of touch
Why is @BetsyDeVosED so #ignorant and blind?? #smh #sad
And you're an embarrassment for the state of Pennsylvania
Despicable.
yeah, but you have to pick your battles.  she's not much to think about, but hoping higher values prevail overall.
It gives rapists permission to act because they know they'll get away with it
She is a jackass!
Thank u Senator for all u do
This comment is way too vague to be useful. There is nothing wrong with revisiting existing processes. They can be improved.
In total agreement. IMO, an embarrassment 2our education system & country. Does not have the demeanor or qualifications for her position.
How dare she. This is the reason most young women never come forth, for fear they won't be believed.  Rape is a felony. She's wrong .
Blame the false accusers who make things more difficult. False accusers are primarily young women.
Agreed -part of continued systemic gaslighting of any community that is not part of a dominant class. @SenToomey took thousand$ from her
$60,050 is what he took from the DeVos family.
Link to a great article.
Ugh don't I know it
Really sad in that position, not know what you are doing, do ignorant things just because you think you are right in your warped mind.
Thank you, Senator Casey
You senator are nothing but an obstrustionist, i will remind ur short memory who won in PA Our genius @realDonaldTrump!! Start working w him
Face it: It's an insult to all women.
Seriously!  Who needs due process or fair trials?
Avoiding problems, only allows them to continue!
U may want to read Ms Devoss' remarks before u dismiss them.
You're kidding me, Senator- right? I hope you'll clarify this or you can forget my vote!
Thank you, Senator.
@BetsyDeVosED is an insult to education
No sir, it is an insult to all women, because in our lifetime one in three will be a victim.   Do you know how many women that is???
Link to that statistic please.
FBI stats
According to the FBI latest crime stats there was 90,185 reported rapes includes male&female, there's approx 295 mill adults, not 1 in 3
reported, most women and few men ever report them....thats the difference and the number doesn't matter. It is still insuting to all women
If the numbers doesn't matter why bring it up?It's about due process for young men who have wrongly been accused of a crime.
Few are wrongly accused. I've worked with victims. A woman has little to gain by bringing a rape charge, because they get raped by system
BS 2 examples Matress girl ,Duke LX those victims were the ones wrongly accused and crucified by the the public
You don't even know what her plan is, how can you possibly say something so irresponsible Senator?
She has no plan, just like DT has no tax plan, education plan, immigration plan,, NO PLANS AT ALL.
Unbelievable.  Just unbelievable.
Restoring due process ISN'T an insult.  Yes, we get it.  You hate this administration and you're going to remind people every single day. 
Betsy DeVos is an insult to education.
@SenBobCasey Thank-you for voting no to this nominee.  She's a terrible representative
Absolutely!!!
Secretary DeVos is an insult to public education. Thank you for your vote against her nomination. At least one PA Senator put children first
How's that?
It's an insult to women. But if Obama created it, the Republiklans must strike it down. Their egos can't handle anything less.
Please fight this! Propose legislation to protect victims.
You are an insult to current and previous Senators. #justsayin
I almost just can't with this shit. WE knew #DeVos was evil, treacherous scum but confirmed anyway. This was no surprise. #fireDevos. Awful!
@SenToomey care to comment?
He can't. He is bound by the DeVos campaign contributions.
She's DUTCH!
Yes it is and we're pissed!
I hope she herself or family never gets raped.  Such privileged ppl! Forced establishment rape. (PS Schools in MI, failing, huge trouble)
She is such an ignorant, closeted, irresponsible person!
Except for that whole innocent til proven guilty thing, Sir. As mother of a teenage boy (and a former college party-goer) I'd like to see 1/
fairness in justice prevail. Of course cases in media have been horrific (Brock Turner) but most are not superstars and deserve fair rep.
te apoyamos
Please do something to STOP devos!!! Setting women's rights backwards. Something is wrong with her. HELP!
Did you vote to confirm her?
No he did not
Yes, it is. DeVoss is an insult to education on the whole and now a threat to any student's safety on our college campuses.
Revisiting the current system can make students safer. The current system isn't perfect. Actual victims and falsely accused suffer under it.
#StopBetsy
Because a hashtag SURELY WILL WORK. Why don't you write an op-ed or letter to your local newspaper. Send it to me I'd love to cover it.
REVISIT"?  What an understatement. Now is NOT the time for low balling the truth. She just nuked the program.
When is something going to be done about these wholly unqualified agency heads ?
They are destroying our country from within
you need to educate yourself on what is actually happening in too many of these cases. Well documented. You embarrass us in PA
Devos' position in government is an insult
@realDonaldTrump is just undoing anything Obama did.  So disgusting   #WorstPrezEver
No, it days 2 all sexual predators, go ahead!
The # RuleofLaw has ur back.
They are planning #Gynocide:
Killing of women!
#WakeSisters
What are you talking about?  DUE PROCESS?  Would you like to defend yourself if accused?  Is Sen. Menendez guilty right now be4 trial?
Why do you assume the negative?
How about to see if victims received sufficient response? Security took them seriously? or move on?
It's the Nazi way. Males are superior to females. Females are "hosts" for Nazi babies. Wombs to be filled. Rape isn't an issue. Heil Trump!
@BetsyDeVosED is a Stepford Cabinet member.
Not even close to when you campaigned for Hillary, who married and enabled a sexual predator to assault countless female victims for decades
Obviously everything comes back to Hillary right? 
That's all they have. Big fat deflect.
This is meathead morality!
How is restoring the right to due process for young men an insult to survivors of sexual assault?
Thank you. That's what I was trying to say.
DNC talking point?
Bobby you have tweeted some stupid shit, but this is up there! EVERY citizen has a right to due process. You even law school brah? #Primary
DeVos is both cruel and short-sighted. @BetsyDeVosED
Will congress address issue?
Plz stop them.
Enforce existing laws and penalize schools who fail to report.
When are we going to stop this...haven't we suffered enough?
Do you have a link to this decision? Is it policy or available to read somewhere? Did she say that this was her plan? Thanks
It's an insult to all women everywhere.
Why specifically?
there will be a public comment process.
It seems @SenBobCasey is against govt by the ppl
I guess he supports taxation w/out representation!
They'll certainly heed those comments. 
While I generally agree with you, the case that these policies have unfairly hurt individuals is compelling.
@BetsyDeVosED GETTING her marching orders from the sexual predator in the WH!
Absolutely! Seems like this whole administration enjoys smacking the most vulnerable American's in the gut w/joy and contempt!
It's A-OK with your PA colleague!
Here is the guy whose question about families torn apart by deportation was cut off. #ToomeyTownHall #PatToomey #DefendDACA #DACA 
It is A-OK w/ @SenToomey because he took campaign money from the DeVos clan. He will never speak against her.
But he didn't even know who gave him money!
DeVos has delusions she knows what she's doing.
Which is more dangerous. And, like trump,  she refuses to learn.
Deeply insensitive & seemingly misogynistic
It would be fine to take out "seemingly"
How?
Devos=insult, from the time she was approved.
