So scared for my son and all who need Medicaid due to disability. Too many people believe Medicaid is lazy freeloaders and it's so not true.
I have Medicaid.  In all the time I've lived in PA I've used it ONCE. That's not freeloading.  I pay via self-employment taxes.
Yes. And what I said was too many people have a misconception that people on Medicaid are all freeloaders. Im saying that's not the case.
Just agreeing with you. :)
Thanks. I was just clarifying too so nobody misunderstood my message. 
Yes, that happens a lot on twitter.  Got a tempest in a teapot going yesterday that way. :)
It does happen! Especially when emotions are running high with these types of discussions. We all have a story that makes it personal.
Exactly. And since my work is history, people can feel very defensive when the facts I present don't match their beliefs.
That's what happens when you have no skin in the game everybody should have the same Insurance representatives and regular people
@SenSanders is on the right track with medicare for all.  EVERYONE -- including Congress -- on the SAME PLAN.
GOP donors will never allow that

You're singing to the choir lots of luck with that
Added my name to a million & just sending it on.
Just added mine!
I assume it is health care paid 4 by citizens!!
They won't be unaffected; they'll get tax cuts.
It's extremely obscene. Why aren't the U.S. CITIZENS THE MAIN CONCERN OF OUR U.S. GOVT???
Their main concern is their political party. Unamerican. Inhuman.
I completely agree. Pure #greed
so do you Mr Senator! You also have not kept your promises you made when elected especially in regards to abortion!
Senators? Have a look next door, EVERY Canadian has healthcare. We don't worry about losing everything we've worked for because of illness.
Thank you Sir. A man who puts people before profit or Politics #KOCHCare #DeathCare #TrumpRussia #Disability #Pre-existingconditions
Thank you for speaking the truth
Mitch is making bank in donations though!
No one is stopping them! Mitch and party blocked Obama all 8 years. They actually had two meetings,making that DECISION!
You have never shown that you have an original thought. You just regurgitate the party line. Think!
All GOP should have the exact same insurance that they legislate for the ordinary citizen.
@Endoracrat yeah but at least one of them will get really ill and health care can't stop time or fate...I just wanna laugh then
Criminal let's just take that away immediately
Thank you for fighting for us Senator Casey.
Thanks to the deplorable's Traitor Trump GOP  UnAmerican
Amen Bob. And doing it without even reading it.
They should all use the VA health Care system as I do. It's wonderful.
Tell it like is Sen.Casey! GET EM!
Very impressed with the way you are confronting this important issue.
What's obscene, Bob, is that like @TheDemocrats in 2009, a California #Democratic supermajority has chosen to not pass #singlepayer.
You don't represent the people & you will be voted out of office. Work like your constituents and stop being a lazy leeching obstructionist
I think they should be REQUIRED to use the health care plan they vote into law. If it's good enough for us, it's good enough for them
Any bill republicans pass they should hSve to have as their own insurance!!!!!
Keep up the good fight, @SenBobCasey! Tell @SenToomey to wise up and join you!
Thank you for standing up against this scary bill.
WE PAY $10000 subsidy 4 their med.  works out 2 about 78% of premium.  If Tcare is so good, why did they exclude selves from it?
And voted to be expempted of having to leave it Double standard much
If it's so great why are the MoC all exempt from this Sickening Plan?
I say let's have every GOP senator & congressmen tht wants this bill live on it w/ their entire family for a year w/ no other insurance!
It's their exemption from it that makes it particularly obscene.
Yeah right!  Don't even TRY to claim that unless you yank away salaries & all the benefits AFTER they leave office too. THEY r set for life!
Thank you finally. I think they should ALL have to give it up and pay for their own insurance. Hope you don't have pre existing illnesses.
Yes! Thank u Senator Casey 4 speaking up for PA and all of USA!
Evil politician's
Give 'em hell, @SenBobCasey. GOP/Greed Over People only represent biggest donors. Not real folks in their district/state. #StopTrumpcare
The greedy Gop is obstructionist,  GREEDY pigs
Also, #MedicareForAll
Thank you for doing your job & voicing for nearly all of PA...
The Senate & House should be on the same healthcare as their constituents.
There is a well staffed Navy clinic right in the Capital building, the Office of the Attending Physician.
@JakenSunday YEP ALWAYS

@DawnNeufeld http://bit.ly/2kvi9p4  in january I tweeted an heath care plan http://ibm.co/2k1E6vW  every can use http://bit.ly/1QrZzp5 
(you get to pick your own private doctor #rp aka #mj & the drugs you get are real not generic ,basic plan), I can offer my plan for benifits
#InLivingColor #rp aka #mj .:) GM
.@GOP If we can't afford healthcare for the poor/disabled we certainly can't afford to pay for yours!
Yes, that is bizarre. They act like rulers rather than our employees.
That we pay for too
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenatorCollins #Trumpcare disaster! Stop killing middle & low income peoplefor HUGE tax breaks for very wealthy
And what is your healthcare, big boy!   It's all free isn't it....
If Steve Scalise had only Medicaid coverage - Would he be out of  intensive care and in fair condition? We need health coverage 4 All!
Agreed
Really! Iti is unrealistic for them to remove benefits from ppl who give them theirs! Tax payers who pay for their health care. #corruptGOP
good news for fed emp and retirees.have been scared our autistic son will lose support n ours will change.Not obscene that some are spared
But they have wallets that will most certainly benefit.
I'm so proud of you, @SenBobCasey.
Does anyone really think they would mess with THEIR benefits?
What about Obama Care. Do you think he was aff
Your not too bright
Tack on a rider that will make your colleagues have to have the same healthcare as us.
Remind them that those millions of people they're kicking off of healthcare VOTE.
this act of taking Health care away is an act of war against the American people
I agree Senator In fact the USA was doing fine until the greedy gop nazis who want to take wealth away from the lower classes and transfer
If Obamacare is awful, then why is it good for our politicians?
Thank you The truth
This was 'Sham'-ar Alexander's (@SenAlexander) propaganda email I got today... Please help Tennessean's blast this SOBs lies/distortions
I would be dead if I hadn't been able to go on Medicaid, it saved my life! Now cured and off it! This is OUR SAFETY NET that we need USA!
It is Obscene with or without them having coverage.
It is a National Shame & it's not the only one we've seen the past couple of Months.
Thank you very much! And as you know, they have it forever. I believe we should all have the same insurance.
"A nation's greatness is measured by how it treats its weakest members"
Mahatma Ghandi
Well said Bob
Cut out the health & pension benefits to Senators, Judges, Congress etc. let them go pay for their own healthcare. It's a part time temp job
Exactly. Decisions are super easy when the outcome doesn't impact you. No coverage and a life threatening condition....different story
@JohnCornyn Has made sure people in Texas cant get the health care they need by making them drive 3 to 4 hours one way just to see a dr.
Why was Obamacare designed to fail? You and all the Dems want single payer(TOTAL govt control), right? Dufus
Please make certain @PatToomey hears this loud and clear
Heartless GOP. If you force AHCA on us you should have to have it too.
GOP healthcare puts them at the top of the nation's terrorist list. They will kill more Americans than all terrorists combined for tax cuts
Thank you, Senator Casey. I have asked @SenToomey, daily, to stand with you and vote NO on this outrageous bill. Let's hope he listens.
.Welcome to #StupidWatergate, #Comrade.
..we would not be in the fix we are in now. We could produce a better bill if the clock wasn't ticking.
Again, ObamaCare must be repealed. The way it was passed limits options for repelaed. If it had been passed as a clean bill, we would not..

You are a digrace repeal Obamacare.
Just like you voted for Obamacare because you aren't on it.
And neither are you under Obamacare...y'all exempt yourself
You should be on Obamacare so you would want it repealed.
Yeah. That WE are paying for.
For the people?
If they had to have the insurance it would not look like it does. GOP does not care about average people. Look out for rich only.
Can we go back to Congress being required to take the same healthcare as what is publicly available? That would provide protection to all.
The rich get richer as they only care for their glutinous selves!
Is it just me or is the #GOP modeling 
this after watxhing The Purge?
I'm proud you're my senator
Exactly correct. The lawmaker who got shot should be an example to all GOP how important Health Care is. If he had not had Ins.then what?
That should NEVER be allowed
Legislators on both state & national levels should have to live under the same laws that they impose on their citizens.
Thanks Sen Casey for standing up for those who are being marginalized by this outrage of a bill   we support you!!
Thank You, Senator!Completely agree the GOP plan is "obscene"; what's as obscene is their total disregard for Democracy and our Constitution
And taxpayers pay for theirs #sick
Amen Senator
Keep fighting for Pennsyvania Senator. We're with you!
The GOP will hesitate then fall in line.
Let's make congress use the same healthcare as the rest of us
They should be FORCED to have the same health care they're trying to sell us.
I was curious about that. So what health insurance will Congress have?
The GOP are excluded from the #AHCA they're pushing on the nation. 
The #ACA is such a failure they plan to keep their ObamaCare benefits
.@amyklobuchar @alfranken Congress should not remain silent, accept being above a law that would deleteriously affect their constitutents.
@UNSEATpac They should b forced to follow same plan.
You nailed it, thank you! We are looking at the downfall of our country & u r correct, there is enough $ in this country to take care of all
PEOPLE REVOLT AGAINST THE BASTARDS THAT IT DOSNT APPLIES TOO. TOTALLY UNFAIR
#TomReed was AMPED on #Amjoy re #deathcare that won't affect him. Call him and let him know how you feel.
Lets make NO HEALTH CARE FOR ANYONE MAKING MORE THAN 250.000. THEY CAN AFFORN TO GET SICK. RICH BASTARDS!!!! C how u like that

Thank you! Keep pressing how Rs wrote this bill exempting themselves, ensuring their healthcare insurance (paid by taxpayers) not affected.
THE POWER OF THE PEOPLE HAVE THE POWER TO FORCE GOP AND TRUMP TO RESIGN. Ukraine did it.   So can you!!!
Why, because you don't agree with all, or you watch CNN, MSNBC, etc. Obama wasn't great, killed us
Are you strong enough to create a revolution and march to Washington and stay there and force GOP and TRUMP to resign?
That applied to Obamacare too, jackass.
This is what I said to @marcorubio If it's good for us it should be your in your plan too..and your staff..and your family. Doesn't care!
And WE pay for! @GOP @SenateMajLdr & @SpeakerRyan plan is discrimination. We pay for & deserve the same plan as congress! #DemandTheSamePlan
This needs to said over and over. Members of Congress will continue to have ACA insurance, while the rest of us will not.
Why is their healthcare different than us???? We are their boss, they work for us....we should have everything they have and much more!!!!!!
HAVE PETITIONS  CIRCULATING  ONE TO REMOVE  HEALTHCARE  FROM  CONGRESS  SIGN, ASK  EVERYONE U  KNOW
If this bill passes we should demand that congress loose their plan and their income should be 12,000 a year.
So why don't you motion for you and the other lawmakers to use Obamacare like the rest of us normal everyday folk?
Congress already gets their healthcare through the DC Exchange set up by Obamacare.
In fact, HouseGOP liked it so much that they tried to exempt themselves from their own bill so they could keep it.
I wonder how many Senator would vote for AHCA if this was to become THEIR health plan?
Every single minute of air time should be asking, "Why did you feel it necessary to exempt yourselves from your on Bill?" 
REMINDER: Trump campaign on a promise of health coverage FOR EVERYONE. 

Important clip:
& irony of Rep #Scalise opposing healthcare4citizens yet HE won't hv 2 worry about going bankrupt frm med debt or losing job 4 missing work!

Like it wasn't affected when the ACA became law?
They allowed ins co to write this bill and many get $$$ from them. They also will be getting tax break from non-health care bill
it is a scam, that is the hurry about passing it fast, SCOTUS should abolish the Electoral College retroactively, no gerrymandering either
That's why they don't care, because it won't affect them or theirs. I could choose the same indifference as well but I won't.
GIVE US THE HEALTH CARE THE SENATORS HAVE!
That's what the GOP said about the ACA.
Thr has been a tradition in some cultures tht leaders don't eat until women & kids fed first; Repubs only say "Me First, you get leftovers"
Where is their mandate for healthcare & how can we take it away? #GOP #Congress
Yea because they(GOP) passed a bill lately that there healthcare won't b affected. Wake up ppl
Their
#trumpdisaster #trumpcarekills
Thank you senator Casey for so eloquently speaking up. Don't let them destroy health care!
I watched Sen Paul dodge this question from a MSNBC reporter & was deeply offended. Apparently the tiered, caste system is alive in America.
The law should NOT be allowed to pass unless the Congress/Senate health care is part of it!
As a devout Christian, I am praying to Lord Jesus that they all get stomach cancer.
Our government has devolved into an Us & Them, oligarchy-based club for hypocritical elitists.

A true banana republic.
Whenever @HouseGOP @SenateGOP champions tax cuts, average Americans should know GOP is not talking about US. WE will NEVER see cuts. EVER
The health care bill should  be mandatory for the GOP to have to have it no other ins simple plan bet they'd come up with something decent
That's the way that hypocrite rolls with exempting his buddies & himself from the negative effects of legislation.
Paid for by the very people they're harming. Taxation without representation. Last time, it sparked a revolution. This time...
Including YOU .
Continue to stand for the people of PA.  Thank you.
Yes, it's obscene if they take a better plan for themselves while voting that their constituents may not have access to the same benefits.
Yeah, that needs to change
These are public servants, but they have better insurance.  I wonder what their deductible is?
This is what death panels look like

Exactly! Beware of the chef that won't eat his own food!
I want to know how much money they are making by passing this bill!
Wouldn't this be true about the health care we currently have when it was passed with your yes vote? Did you call that plan obscene?
@SenateGOP and @SenateMajLdr and @SenateDems should be REQUIRED to drop their healthcare and take Medicaid now.
Don't forget @SpeakerRyan in this one.
Yes @GOP if your plan is so good please give up your current health care for the much better TRUMPCARE. Show us you are telling the truth
You wanted to be exempted NOW you use it as an argument? Casey has no original ideas.
We need an amendment.  If AHCA is so great, the Congress should JUMP at the opportunity to be included!
This is The Kind Of TYRANNY That came straight out of the Middle Ages!  Oh Yeah most of these bastards were born in that time.Time To Change
Isn't that the same with Obamacare?  No issues with that though  I guess, since you're on the same side.
Thank you, Senator, for speaking out.
It's time they got the same options as their constituents!
No special programs!!'
True Senator but that's no different then the ACA. Congress has the best coverage. Nows your chance to reach across the aisle to fix it.
@SenateMajLdr thinks health care is a privilege not a right.,if you're poor, you can die, Mitch McConnell/Paul Ryan doesn't need you.
Rick Saccone 2018
@ChipnNolna And probably get a tax cut to boot 
Sick of Seen Casey Lying and trying to scare PA seniors, disabled etc. He is exactly what's wrong with DEM Party. PA voters R NOT FOOLED!
EXACTLY.  FRAUDS. CONS .PIRATES.DESPICABLE.
Ryan said Congressional insurance wldn't be changed. They need to be on same plan as every1 else. Self-interest wld be a great deterrent.
Pretty sure they removed the exemption clause. Or do you just mean that they can afford it? The bill's obscene in any case.
Did they?
Because as of yesterday it would not have appeared that was the case.
True
The 13th of them also got paid a hell of a lot of money. Paid by insurance co. I HOPE THEY ALL BURN IN HELL.
What's good enough for the people of America is good enough for ... (what did u just say Mitch?) ...oh never mind...
Members of Congress are not more entitled than I am, small business owner, to quality healthcare & financial security.
Of course. Why doesn't someone ask them if they would trade their health care for the one they're wanting everybody to have.
Telling it like it is.
I am happy every single day that you are my senator.
If the plan is so good they should be made to abide by the same rules.  What's good for the goose should be good for the gander.
They're our Senators, of course we take care of them!
We're their citizens, they should return favor!
But for special interest money 
I should clarify for you. WE are not THEIR citizens. We are all citizens of the nation. THEY work FOR US not the other way around. 
As do you, sir.
Appalling.
Keep up the great work!!
