Wasn’t he the one who said it was fine if employers don’t want to cover their employees’ birth control?
Your sole issue is BC? Covered by insurnce already? WOW
No, it’s one issue, and he ruled that companies didn’t have to cover it. For religious reasons.
So a company with their RX plan omits coverage of BC specifically?
Basically that the company shouldn’t have to cover certain birth control, despite the ACA requiring that they do.
Freedom of Religion superseded everythihg else. ACA wont have that requirement when changed.
And I don’t think it should.
I am older than you :) I can remember when BC was paid by me with copay, and abortions werent allowed after 16 weeks.
your constituents expect a no vote ! Trump does not deserve a stolen seat !!
#novote
His constituents gave PAs electoral votes to Donald Trump. If Casey wants to be re-elected, he will vote to confirm.
100% correct. After 8 years of not being first, I dont think Americans now ant to go back to what we had
you are in the minority! The majority of the country is more mainstream then the Bible!
Trump is getting it done!
You already have that right. Freedom of choice already exists. Roe V Wade. smh
He is replacing a conservative.I dont think it is a priority Trump even said in his interview with Stahl, he accepts ROE v Wade
no no no. No review. This is a stolen #SCOTUS seat. FIGHT! ROE V WADE IS ON THE LINE AS WELL!
He is replacinf a conservative. The balance is still their in the Supreme Court. No intent to overturn Roe V Wade.
until the next seat comes up. This man has continually been against women's rights and #SCOTUS is looking at retirees.
The BC issue was because the company said it was against their religion to provide it. Freddom of Religion
PA voters chose Donald Trump. We are watching and we will be at the polls in 2018.
Not the time to be reasonable. FILIBUSTER. Remember Merrill Garland!
Please remember what American's believe, #GarlandBeforeGorsuch
I'd love to see you and the rest of Democratic Senators filibuster Gorsuch's appointment.
Please watch out for us - he's religiously-biased and women and LBGTQ folks are highly concerned.
Where'd you hear those lies? He supports religious freedom for everyone and supports LBGTQ & women!!
look at the facts, meaning history of his decisions, clear bias to religious beliefs!
Religious belief Bias? Please be more specific.
Go away you Trumpeter troll! No point wasting time trying to be rational with a Trumpeter who describes themself as "religious"
so in other words. You will do EVERYTHING you can to block him too.. What a loser.  We voted trump so get out! #NeverBobCasey
We Don't need an activist SCOTUS justice.  We need one that follows the US CONSTITUTION.
we (women) have rights, they must be recognized and respected, including bodily autonomy.
you may be looking for a job real soon
This statement is incoherrant. How man the Roberts Court move "outside the mainstream"? SCOTUS defines the mainstream.
Filibuster. No Supreme Court until 2018. They did it. Courage.
While you are filibustering his appointment until we see @POTUS's tax returns, #impeachTrump, & end #MuslimBan. #Indivisible
You're in a red state now, I can't wait to vote YOU out. I live in Pa. Put the country first, not your partisan agenda
No, no hearing until Merrick Garland gets one! Listen to your constituents. #obstruct #merrickgarland
vote no! Listen to your constituents and have a backbone!! Your No vote will be forever remembered by us!
He's qualified. End of story.
No!!!! This seat should not be stolen. Utter bs. Fight this!! No arch conservatives to take Garland's sear.
Ask: does JG think Garland treated fairly? Also, position on rigid textualism vs stare decisis? Is he a Scalia type activist?
why can't you answer the petition for impeachment on potus?  He has violated the constitution. 
He's also mentally ill
We need a Fridays with @SenBobCasey or something.
Confirm Gorsuch!
The vote is no. I am a big supporter, but you have to filibuster. Stop bringing a knife to a gun fight.
Confirm Judge Gorsuch. A MAJORITY of PA voters chose President Trump. We'll know how you vote & we'll be at polls in 2018
It's NOT the court's job to make laws. That is the legislature's role.  Read the U.S. Constitution.
vote NO to Gorsuch
many women employed by Hobby Lobby and Little Sisters do count as many WOMENS voices opposing loss of rights too
Pennsylvanians, responding to the tweet will accomplish nothing. Call Senator Casey at (202) 224-6324
You should call @SenToomey as well. He's been ducking his calls of late...
All 8 of his offices had voicemail shamefully full today.  Faxed this evening through http://faxzero.com 
I have faxed as well. I suspect he (and probably all other congresspeople) promptly round files these, though.
As with the emails, I am sure.
Congressional staffers have said emails are worthless. Calls are most effective, live preferable to voicemail.
Oh, but if someone would actually answer the phone, it does make the process go better...
Every Trump voter in PA will know how Sen. Casey votes on Judge Gorsuch. And, as we showed on Nov. 8, we are the PA majority.
Let's be very clear: You will filibuster & block this SC nom or we will find a true progressive and primary u in next election.
.@SenBobCasey I'm a constituent from Philadelphia. I urge & expect you to filibuster, block, stop #SCOTUS nomination by any means necessary.
Please obstruct, so the American people can decide the next SCOTUS.  In four years.
If he keeps this crap up he'll be gone in 2018
He won't. 

Nice try, though.
we'll see.  He's in a red state now.  They said the same about Trump.
Trump won by 1%here.  

And his approval numbers have plummeted. Dems will be fine
Like I said, we'll see.
Ok, but you were never going to vote for him anyways, so what are you commenting for?
so you're a mind reader and trying to control my behavior  #instablock
He doesn't deserve a hearing. SCOTUS has been fine without 9 judges. No rush.
Stay on the right side of History #NoVote
I beg of you, as a lesbian constituent, do NOT vote to confirm this man with an anti-LGBTQ and anti-choice record.
You recently spoke very supportively of LGBTQ Pennsylvanians. Don't betray us now.
The only SCOTUS judge you should even consider is Merrick Garland. Do not let them normalize this.
if you don't confirm him prepare to lose your job.
Please carefully consider Gorsuch's record, he is too conservative and not the right direction for the court to go in.
#fillibuster reading suggestions: "Generation Roe: Inside Future of Pro-Choice Movement" Sarah Erdreich
#fillibuster reading suggestions: The New Jim Crow by Michelle Alexander
And then I will just not show up if I don't things will go my way.
get 'em!!
You have really become quite the partisan hack. Worse than a fool.
thank you Senator! You are making Pennsylvanians proud.
Based on his Hobby Lobby decisions, I am concerned the he will damage First Amendment, church/state separation paricularly
I'm a Pennsylvanian and I support this nomination !!!
With the exception of the big PA cities, how about voting in favor of the Judge, the real Pa voters want! Say YES to Gorsuck!
pa spoke we want @realDonaldTrump cabinet. U R out in 2 years u anti american U
The people of Pennsylvania are watching, I'm sick of the political crap that is going on and will show it at the ballotbox
WOW that's a relief. He should have your job if truth be told.
you're the problem Bob. Resign
filibuster, filibuster
While you think Get ready to look for new Job no more Union Support For You Dimwit
as a tax paying citizen of Pennsylvania, Senator I demand you do your job, and not obstruct but confirm.
but then he is appointed anyway?
even if qualified, the precedent this sets disturbing... please insist on considering and confirming Obama's appointment.
@SenToomey Thank You Sen Casey! At least there is 1 Sen. from PA looking out for us!#ToomeyHasGotToGo!
#BlockGorsuch This judge sees corps before people & hostile to women's rights
Your re-election depends on his confirmation along with the cabinet!  #dumpcasey2018
As a constituent of yours and @PatToomey, THANK YOU for doing your due diligence.
grandstanding!  Make sure you continue to do nothing for the people of America.
Filibuster. This is a stolen SCt seat. Trump could have renominated Garland or nominated another centrist, but he chose not to
No, you will filibuster. You will treat this pick like @SenateGOP treated @POTUS44's pick of #MerrickGarland.
filibuster! You have our support!
.@SenBobCasey By all means, review. Then work with @SenJeffMerkley to block Gorsuch's nomination, sir.
great and then don't vote for him
VOTE NO.
@SenToomey thanks sen c. What about you sen t? I think it's time to follow Mitch's lead and obstruct the nomination.
DO NOT GIVE HIM A HEARING AT ALL. MERRICK GARLAND SHOULD BE ON THAT COURT.
SweetieDarling. NO hearing. NO nothing. NO. NO. NO. NO. Pretend he doesn't exist. Just. NO. Get with the program: #Resist
DO NOT GIVE HIM A HEARING. RESIST. OBSTRUCT. FIGHT FASCISM. PLEASE!
wrong answer, Senator. Join your colleagues and oppose him. He's a terrible far right choice.
@BeltwayPanda @SenBobCasey Senator, you cannot in all honesty believe that is a sensible path. #Resist
Do not appease Trump. Do not grant his nominee your consideration. Do your job and defend the Constitution from Trump.
No to Gorsuch!
Stand up for women. Vote NO
you have to, but be prepared to fight.  God Bless.
make sure you vote no. Merrick Garland deserved to opportunity to at least be vetted.
please don't obstruct for obstructions sake. Would like to see my government come together and succeed for once.
the only test for Gorsuch is if he will rule against Trump when the constitution is violated by Trump.  Only a matter of time!
2018....be here before you know it! 
replace u in 2018
you're a Democrat. Filibuster.
I'm from Pennsylvania a vote yes for Gorsuch and it's a NO vote for you when your up for reelection.
This man could be on the bench for 40 years. No!
please confirm Pres. Trump's pick, Judge Gorsuch. from PA, voted for Trump and support him!
Remember who won PA.
He only won because White millennials refused to vote Clinton /They wanted Bernie #DemExit
And Mr.Cheetos approval rating is plummeting daily...
It makes me physically ill that Scalia Jr. is joining SCOTUS instead of Garland. Not. Acceptable.
Oppose!
If you don’t filibuster Gorsuch, I won’t vote for you again. Period. Time to play the same hardball the Rs have played.
review and reject
the republicans stole this appointment from @BarackObama #notonevote
Don't be in a hurry.
No to Neil. Too conservative. #StolenSeat. Forever illegitimate. Give Republicans the same respect they gave you. #Notin2017
And that, @SenateMajLdr, is much more integrity  than you deserve.
You'll cave, you have no spine
Thank you. I trust your judgement. I think we should start with an expectation that Judge Gorsuch is qualified.
So you are taking for granted the passion of the millions of Dems & Progressives?
Do not vote approval of Gorsuch of he will not promise to keep precedents set already in place.
No Garland, no Gorsuch. Happy to see you primary'd out if you disagree. We the ppl will not vote for ppl who won't fight for us
Wrong answer.
BLOCK HIM
Filibuster please!
you don't have much choice as 2018 is next year,you'll make a fool of yourself as usual,we won't forget,Trump & Toomey won? hmm
This is terrifying. Please stop him.
What are you "terrified" of?
That corporations are controlling the president.
keep the circus out of the nomination of the justice.Embarrassing acts by Democrats.I notice your up for re election next year
Vote no on his nomination or I will not vote for you again. He is a threat against me as a gay man and against women.
@SenateDems We're WATCHING Senators!  FIGHT! Don't you dare cave in to these turd blossoms! @SenSanders @samsteinhp
He is not for #EqualRights and must be blocked for 1,450 days.
I hope you will stand up to Mr. Trump and filibuster his #SCOTUSnominee
I sure hope you don't pull the same weak minded stunts you did on the other people your voting against
vote no!
don't review anything, then vote no. block the hearing, filibuster the nomination. no fairness will be reciprocated, so fight
@SenToomey Please oppose him until Merrick Garland gets his rightful seat!
no to #NeilGorsuch .
I would hope so. Please try and get a coalition together to vote out the alien.
Senator, I'm a transgender woman living in Pittsburgh. Neil Gorsuch is likely to eliminate my civil rights. Vote against him.
Please be tough.  They don't deserve anymore respect than we got.
. . . Federal court orders, he shouldn't receive respect from the Senate of a hearing for Gorsuch.  @SenBobCasey
1/2 @SenBobCasey - Gorsuch is qualified, but if Trump has so little respect for federal court orders that he directed CBP to disobey . . .
I encourage you to vote NO.
Is he Merrick Garland? No? Then vote against, see that review was easy
thank you senator Casey.
Thank you, Senator Casey.  I look forward to reading/hearing more on your thoughts when you are ready to make a statement.
don't review it. Just block him.
We're counting on you to support any effort by Democrats to block this nomination. #RememberMerrickGarland
I wouldn't be upset if we got down to a 7-person court
All Democrats need to block him. You need to be a force and not break ranks. He is anti-abortion, so he should be a NO!
No hearing should be only answer.
Please @SenBobCasey do not support Gorsuch, his views are extreme and do not reflect those of a majority of Americans or Pennsylvanians.
Tell me what are his veiws
you actually unaware of who we're discussing? Need linx? Or are you unaware he's against women & disabled kids?
I just found out about an hour ago I will read an listen about him you already made up your mind in 2 hours
yes, I read the available information on him and formed an opinion/feeling of alarm.
Well you are faster  than me I will tell you it is your body I am for that
thank you for your due diligence, unlike @SenToomey who seemed to endorse him 5 minutes after the announcement.
.@SenBobCasey  You use that word mainstream. I do not think it means what you think it means.
do your job and vote #SCOTUS through. PA voted for @realDonaldTrump just for this important decision. YOUR job is at stake.
perfect! Just do your job and forget the games. America is in danger of tearing itself apart.
His record is not acceptable, but it doesn't matter. This seat has been stolen.
all we ask is that you be fair and balanced
Did you see those PA Trump rallies! We'll be at the polls in 2018, too.
If you don't fight to deny any vote on Gorsuch, you'll lose my support and I hope that of many more people. #notTrumpsTurn
Your best chance at re-election is to join the majority party now. Become a Republican, Senator Casey. Make America Great Again
how can you not vote for Gorsuch, he Is a near perfect candidate.  UR partisan the country is changing & ur senate seat is up
thank you.  That is an EXCELLENT level headed plan of action.  Looking forward to reading your opinion on him.
please support his nomination.  Thank you.
I don't care if Trump nominates King Solomon, he can get in line behind Merrick Garland
You're our only hope, since @SenToomey never empties his voicemail or meets with his constituents. #TuesdayswithToomey
So if I can translate from bullshit to English - you might punk out.
he just got a thumbs up from the NRA so.....
his record is irrelevant. This seat has been stolen. He must not be seated. This theft of democracy is unacceptable. #Resist 
.@SenBobCasey: We, the majority of voters that have your back, think the people should decide in 2020. Obstruct, sir. #demsfightback
The people just got done deciding.  Haven't you heard?
We've heard it nearly 3 million times. #lostthepopularvote
You should ask one question @SenBobCasey... Is your name #MerrickGarland? #StolenSeat #SCOTUS
.@SenBobCasey Whoa, whoa, whoa there, firebrand. Thoroughly reviewing, that comes dangerously close to being a contact sport.
Thanks for listening to your constituents--the residents of PA--and your conscience. @SenToomey are you doing the same?!
please oppose him. My body, my choice. He apparently doesn't believe that
Remember Merrick Garland
we expect that and expect more obstruct the same way they obstructed Obama's choice!! 2018 year of reconning 2020 end of frump!
Repeat after me: NO.
Review by all means. But I notice you are up for election in 2018. Assume you will UPHOLD the recommendstion for Gorsuch.
you really dont understand how the supreme court works do you?
LOL. He doesn't understand much at all.
Regardless of your political views, Senator Casey is an absolute coward and an enemy to PA.  Anybody but Bob Casey in 2018
Fight for us. Refuse this man, just like they refused Garland. You are letting us down if you allow this man to be seated.
we will be watching your actions very carefully and counting on you to help us. Gorsuch's decisions raise many concerns.
he shouldn't even get a hearing until Garland does.
please vote no, zip code 18104, Allentown. They took one away; return the favor.
#MerrickGarland
Filibuster
That's nice.  If there's a filibuster I expect you to not vote to break it.
Review? No, this seat was stolen from us by Putin. Resist. Vote No
I think you already voted for him before so you'll have to make up some 'after long thought & study...' to obstruct
NO vote!! We're watching you just like we are watching @SenToomey ..neither one of you are safe in your seats
Keep playing games dummy
, Assuming @JusticeGorsuch would uphold Citizen's United and other corruption-inducing campaign finance decisions, just vote NO!
#filibuster
Why don't you and your colleagues just stall the confirmation, since the Republicans did that to President Obama's nominee.
we are watching you
Filibuster until the person to confirm is Merrick Garland
just block it. They treated your party like clowns. I've voted for
How is that what is best for Americans? Retaliation? This isnt high school football game.
I believe keeping him off is best. Had the GOP followed the process in 2016 you play fair. Since they had not...
Even if DEM allow him in, DeMS will be decimated 2018 for their cabinet nominee antics.
