Let's not forget please, Toomey has backed Trump, not the people of Pennsylvania.  Don't forget.
@realDonaldTrump conned ppl in Cambria County. They are waiting for a new steel mill.
Went through this when mills shut down, Reagan got his tax cut and the workers got free cheese.  We're not falling for this again.
I live in Pgh., & it was sad to watch ppl cheer for @realDonaldTrump when he promised new mills. We don’t want steel here.
Don't worry.  You wouldn't get it anyway.  He is FOS and a compulsive liar.
Pittsburgh is building a high tech focused economy. They don’t want the pollution
I remember days when my mother couldn’t hang clothes outside to dry (pre-dryers). They often turned green. We were 40 mi. from closest mill.
Think what it was doing to their lungs. It's like blowing cigarette smoke out through a handkerchief. That helped me quit now 37+ years ago.
Thank you posting the actual numbers to working families Senator! Tax cut? For who? People like trump and his cabinet that’s who!
For ME AND MY WORKING CHILDREN. NOT RICH PEOPLE. DO SOME RESEARCH INSTEAD OF JUST TRUSTING A CAREER LYING BRIBED POLITICIAN
Not TRUE.
Respectfully speaking Ofcourse
As Middle Class Working Mother in H.C. field I have seen First Hand the Harm ObamaCare has done! Ex: Patient w severe carpal tunnel can't
Ps, Corbett refused to open the exchanges.  Wolf's hand have been tied by the GOP legislature
You should know that.
Estate taxes only paid on estates over than 5 million, middle class ? I think not.
My parents, not super rich (well-off) gifted us so that we could use money when we needed it most. I was very blessed by my dad’s hard work.
You were fortunate. That's nice when it's possible. My folks the opposite, not helping teaches responsibility. Taught me opposite to help
Yes, I was fortunate, but to be clear, I began receiving gifts at age 35 & invested it. You & I both had parents who taught us well as kids.
Bait and switch.  That's his bread and butter
. . . and the rich will get richer while the middle class pays for it.
But according to @POTUS math, if the stock market is doing well it should cover that, like the national debt, right?
If you paid any attention in just 9 months we have recovered over half the debt occured by the pos @BarackObama
No, we have not and to say so is ridiculous. Are you Russian?
Nope. Im american. Not a leftist snowflake
Ah, then just not very smart, then. Got it. Math is hard, I know. And since only "leftie snowflakes" seem to feel education is important, I can understand your misunderstanding.
Don’t try to argue with it. In Drumpfland somehow the National Debt = the stock market and 2+2=5, and 1/2
and since we are talking numbers how does one president in two terms double the national debt of 200+ years of his predecessors?
Read up on the housing market crash and the Great Recession it lead to.
What tax genius came up with that stupid plan?
Your time is coming to a end. So.keep up the party line lies
Not a party issue. Math is math & it doesn't have a party. Taxes on working people go up.
People like you is the reason they keep raising tax instead of cuting goverment and costs
If the economy is so great, unemployment down, stock market up, tell me WHY we need this tax bill?
Because the PEOPLE want it...well, just the ones hanging around the 19th hole on those "working to salvage the image on PR" weekend outings.
Corporations want it
Damn right they do. Corporations create jobs. Why do you think they move overseas? The ridiculous tax rate! This makes us more competitive
Dear 2007? Also Dear 1986? It don't work John Galt. (Cute name)
Sounds like a line out of a western movie
Can you rephrase that so people can understand?  Ex: this is equal to about 10 payments on your Ford F150?  They just don’t get it.
My taxes would increase $4,000
$16,200 possible. You probably aren’t eligible for most anyway. But you are eligible for the whole standard deduction. You win.
Please inform your constituents as tax plan moves forward! We need to know what's in it and GOP can't be trusted to tell the truth.

Trump/GOP Tax Plan so simple to you can do your taxes on a post card-Remember Trump get richer-Middle class pays for Trump to get richer
As my senator, I am counting on you to stand up to our own tin pot dictator. @realDonaldTrump is pure evil.
To subsidize Corporate Tax cut billionaires are taking it from personal deductions. We need to raise corporate tax & close loopholes.
You know... the rich get richer, etc., etc..
ABSOLUTELY & will get WORSE with DT!!
Trump just learned SALT deductions were cut. Supposedly he’s furious. His friend @LindseyGrahamSC isn’t. Lots of confusion there.
When was the last time anyone got to flame $16,000 in deductibles? I make $50,000. Not me...
You know these people Senator? What's wrong with them?
well that's a net loss of about $5000, no?  How does THIS make ANYTHING great again for average working people?
Sounds like a REPUBLICAN PLAN to me!
That’s REPUBLICAN SCAM...
YES!!
Not sure if trump supporters can do the math... can someone help them #computertools
Oh hey that's not cool. But that;s not what Trump was promising! What gives?
16k in possible deduction you weren’t eligible for anyway. Larger standard deduction you are eligible for all of. Win win.
I pulled out my 2016 taxes & computed that the GOP plan would cut my taxes by $26. I’m trying to figure out where to spend it all.
Probably at the pharmacy.
Does it eliminate the mortgage interest deduction?  As a single, it's the only deduction I can count on!
No. That’s why it’s good. You aren’t likely eligible for the things they cut but are eligible for all of the larger standard deduction.
Bill the bot needs to stop.
Those are not the numbers my family of 4 has seen in last 15 years.  I would gain since rent and do not have house write off. Quit lying
Filing jointly, would lose more in deductions than the gain of $12,000 standard deduction.  Lose medical deductions, middle class needs.
Be nice, they don’t believe in book learning. Math is HARD.
Thats -$4900.  Paying tax on 4900 more?  Who does this help??
And their health insurance.
So, we would lose PERIOD!
Good thing trumps base can’t read or do math so he won’t lose any support there .
Or they'll go with the line "it's Obama's fault"
Thank you for putting real numbers out there, Senator.
trump can’t just give everybody a tax break. He’s got to golf. Pay for all the SS golf carts. Once a con, always a con. trumps all evil.
Yeah cause we regular W-2 who have a decent salary are the ones that pay the most taxes-18-33% rate.
And how many workers are in this group, you tell me. Oh maybe I tell you, maybe 190millions.
Take that number and x it by 10k, 20k, 33, 50k, etc. Now remember there are 323 million people living in the USA and the majority work.
And there are many, many rich ppl in the USA, wht don’t we just do a straight forward rate, tax them @50%.
If we could tax a regular person at 33% & we pay it cause it is our duty, why can we tax the rich @50%. They have a larger disosable income.
Thank you for spelling it out. Many of us find no reason to believe a thing Trump says and the specifics here reinforce our suspicion.
#FactsMatter #GOPMath #TrumpCrimefamily #Illegitimate45 welfare for the wealthy #TrumpTaxScam
Lord God....please save us from our government. Please!!!
You will forgive me Senator, but we are all well aware we are being screwed over with this and the ACA etc. What we are curious about is why
literally nothing is being done to remove a self-professed criminal of the highest office in the land? Rape and sexual abuse is a crime. As
is collusion and tax evasion and all the other things .@realDonaldTrump has either admitted to publicly or is now being investigated for.
PESKY DETAILS DTs NOT REVEALING ?!!
What a deal.  Who wouldn't want that?
Please stop this plan!! We can't take anymore it's like a swift kick in the gut.
What is a personal exemption?
Which means, if you have any more than 2 depedents (spouse + 1kid or 2 kids or more than 2 of any1 u can claim), you WILL LOSE $$ on this...
And I don't know too many families w/ONLY 1-2 dependents...Most middle class, and ESPECIALLY poor families will lose $$ with this.
We call that a Trump Tax Increase, Bob
Don’t let this happen to USA citizens Bob!!!
Well, in all "fairness", they did promise to "simplify" the tax code (Sarcasm). Spin-spin-spin - need to hold POTUS and Congress accountable to do a true tax reform package and not the bait & switch approach currently under discussion.
Fix it!!
Ditch it!! That team CANT write legislation!
They aren't good at math or science.
Please get the word out.  I'm tired of the lies being told by the GOP.  That's why I left the party.  Citizens deserve the whole truth.
Hmmm? I'm not as smart as @realDonaldTrump in math Bob, but is seems I'm in the hole.
Yes, but no more estate tax. Perfect for coal miners for estates over $5.5 million dollars.
U mean owners of coal mines....
Why does @realDonaldTrump want to DESTROY US?
Why is he still in office?  He's profiting while we suffer.
Tillerson correct, he is a MORON
So much winning
Bingo!
Net= pay tax on about $4000+ (must be where he pulled that number outta thin air)
Well, since twitler and repugnant party are for the 1%. Our NATION is the 99%.
bait and switch   and then screw you     GOP been doing that for years
Funny how that math works. I have been saying that for a month now.
Hey trump fans, sound good to you now ?
Math is hard.
Who knew?
Translation: $5K more in taxable income = $1,250 more paid in taxes annually.
Here is why middle class do NOT get a $4000 tax break @realDonaldTrump @GOP
Alternative Math!
listen you all need to sue him regarding the obamacare executive order asap
yikes help us save our country.
That sounds about right. Another Republican rip off.
Crushing middle class. By the way when poor and middle get income tax refunds it goes directly to economy. But new car.  Take vacation etc
@realDonaldTrump plans to desert almost 4M U.S. citizens in Puerto Rico. Can Congress stop this abject cruelty? BTW, I’m not surprised.
Thank you for doing the math on that - should be headline repeated over & over esp. till it sinks in for DT followers
ah yes Trump mathematics . that too will be on the MENSA test
tRump math
explains how his IQ of 203 was determined
And for those of us who are single and childless??
The old conman trick.  One hand giveth while the other picks your pocket...
Like not taking a salary but benefiting financially through golf course properties and clubs?
What personal deductions are you talking about?......be specific.
Do you want to explain to Trump about the Debt and gains in the stock market or are we going to keep dumbing down?
A 5M business is not that large when the value consists of fixed assets. Why should a multi-generational business have to sell assists?
Stop this awful plan!
Other than that, Mrs. Lincoln, how was the play?
Sound about right. Trump thinking!
you want the rich to lose deductions &loopholes but no one else.i don't think it works that way.
maybe state&local taxes need to come down.
=> And that, ladies & gentlemen, is the great middle class tax break from the GOP.
M onkeys
A re
G overning
A merica
#MAGA

Mulvaney at work
LIAR, LIAR
Sounds familiar some how. Oh healthcare plan!
I'm gettin tired of all of this winning.
too many Americans are easily duped by propaganda of GOP & Moron-Prez—they hear “tax cuts” & jump on board-have no idea what’s in the bill
Here's what's going happen with ANY #GOP plan.  #CitizensWillGetScrewed

#TheOnePercentWillWin.

Come on #BobbyThreeSticks.
He needs stopped. Please stand up for us. This man is not for the people.
Why do lower and middle class people ever think a party that wants to gut services for them would ever really give them a tax cut?
Should be tax increase on uppers & decrease on lowers.  Spend the money & stimulate the economy.
You're probably going to need to do the arithmetic for the Trump supporters.

MEDICARE FOR ALL IS THE ONLY VIABLE OPTION FOR AMERICA. Please make this happen. Please fire Trump, anyway you can.
what are you & your colleagues doing to stop Trump? He is insane, please step up to the plate now before he destroys the U.S.A
you & your Democrat Congress friends need to do something to pass MEDICARE FOR ALL. Please stop playing w private health ins.!
G(R)EATLY&MOST(R)ICHLY ADDD$ 2Donald's DoubleDown LONGame for th'1%Clowns, but FAIL$ 2Bigly LiftUP th'Dwindling Middle Class. #POTUSnThief
Want some tax fun? Try living on Social Security without a medical exemption.  We are/were getting that break just on medications alone.
And they'd also gain extra child tax credit and will still receive a massive tax cut while the wealthy lose their loopholes and deductions
The old tax shuffle. On the one hand, here's a tax break. On the other hand, we're taking away other stuff. Don't question why, trust us
Gotta play the whole hand, kiddies...
Sooooo. That’s a tax cut?
"I'm good with that. I have more money than I need," say the working class Republicans.
Do they ever bother to consider those low on money & those in the Democratic party?
No and, uh...no
Trickle down sleight of hand, SOS, typical   republican administration and BS! #110618FireTheGOP
Thank you Senator Casey.  Thank you for standing up to the reality show happening in the White House.  Who is going to stop it?
But hey, since  so many of us make over 5 million we wouldn't have an estate tax to worry about. Oh wait..
W T F?
Simple math... but ... simple voters. Alas.
Flat tax would be much more fair to middle class!
Where’s the tax cuts?
Do the math right?  Who is going to tell us how the top 1% makes out with this plan?
New math
Grifter in chief trump
Don't get fooled by Republican's slight of hand.
Well that seems fair
That sounds so pro-life!!!   #FakeChristians
Then it depends on tax bracket & deductions.  It's all smoke & mirrors but hypocritical leftist DEMs won't consider FAIR TAX at 15% rate.
But it will be so small, like a post-it note!
They say that it will "Trickle Down".

In point of fact, we will be "Tinkled On"!
So the point is...??
Thank you. The truth is not w/in the GOP agenda right now.
Please senator, continue your fight for us in PA, please don’t let that man be divisive, bully, take basic rights away and now screw w taxes
Bull Bobby bull
Lol. MAGA
So we're absolutely, positively & unequivocally being soaked in order for rich people to keep even more of their money. Good job, Trumpkins!
But that's really bad?
This plan is terrible just like everything else they're trying to get done. #shameless
What are we supposed to DO ABOUT IT????
CALL YOUR REPRESENTATIVES! Tell them to vote AGAINST this #TrumpTax bill.
202-224-3121
or text RESIST to 50409- it’ll give instruct. EASY to use!!
Just did!
person has choice to apply standard deduction or schedule c  Plus gets the personal exempt The people losing are the 1's listening to r lies
Standard deduction and person exemptions are separate lines on 1040.  You know nothing about tax system so stop telling lies
POSSIBLE DEDUCTIONS! That most people won’t get anyway. Unless 11% of income went to med expenses, or you travel for work. Snake...
I would gain 24 k in write offs from Scedule C and also have 16k in exemptions.  This means no fed taxes on first 40k.  This is awesome
Hoping to see you run for President in 2020! #CaseyObama2020
my taxes go . Single moms get . Morondonny gives himself big old break. As if we're surprised by this.
That's a pretty expensive postcard tax return. #Resist
Vote NO on tax bill!!
Can someone explain to me the business taxes tho. Corps (the ones that make the big $$) are gonna be taxed less than small businesses???
Repeal the income tax so they can keep it all
Thank you Senator Casey for explaining how Trump will try to trick the people with tax policy. Can we all stop w sex scandals and notice?
You are the one being fooled. Do you think dems want less of your money to run big gov?
Ok thanks
I'm Still waiting for reply from Rep @MikeKellyPA on this and nothing - just a form letter with talking points & no response to this issue!
REPUBLICANS & TRUMP: Crooks LIARS and thievesI bet every last RW idiot  BLVS this Bull! Stunningly ignorant!  Prob bought a new car/house
As a father of five not happy with this - huge hit to those of us blessed with large families
They're planning to increase the child tax credit possibly by an extra $1,000. That more than makes up for lost exemptions. You'll get a cut
@GOP definitely is working to deceive the American ppl about their tax bill.
Horrible
#FuzzyMath
#Reaganomics  #TrickleDown  #FukDatShitILearnedTheFirstTime
That will sound great to Trumpanzees.
Only his rich cronies. The rest real be late to the party but will realize the swindle eventually.
I’ve been doing taxes on around 50k a year and have never had $16,200 that I could deduct.
Can you fight Barletta in single combat please
This sounds like a Trump tax cut. A family of four has a tax increase of almost $5000.
They can't legislate themselves out of a paper bag. 2017 has been catastrophic for our country and don isn't done yet. We're screwed.
KEEP FIGHTING! WE Have NO OTHER Choice! 
This is crap! !!
Wtf,over!
I hope your Democrat followers don't actually believe what you're pushing. John F. Kennedy proposed the same policy. It works. Creates jobs.
What, is that the new BS GOP talking point? Lmao! Running out of BS I see. Fact is: it's a proven a failure over and over and over again.
Stop being an obstructionist.
Thanks for standing for what's right, @SenBobCasey.Wish our spineless rep @RepSmucker would take a page from your book.
Yep. That $4k goes straight into Trump’s and other wealthy tax payers pockets.
Such a deal!
You work for we the people of Pennsylvania. You better poll we citizens before you vote against tax cuts. My vote is back the President.
That seems fair  #AssFaceInChief and his #Minions
Sounds like a trumped up deal.
This cannot survive because with this we will not survive
What is wrong with this scenario???  Everything!!!
What about the mortgage deduction ? Biggest deduction for the middle class ?
Uneffected.

Omg...a dem doesn't like a REPULICAN tax plan..... 
#HoldThePresses (look it up young people)
Please direct me to the point in history when trickle down actually worked. While you're looking that up, I'll direct you to look at Kansas.
I'm no math whiz, but the back of my envelope says that would screw us out of $4,900. #BillionaireTaxCut
Luckily most Pennsylvanians don't need that kind of petty change. Right #MAGA?
excuse me for swearing, Trump, What a fucking sport!
So what is YOUR plan for tax cuts there Bobby? Or are you just running your suck to hear yourself......again.
I said this two weeks ago!
How much would they gain with new/incresed child tax credit?
Where will the middle class lose over $16,000? Really? Not 80% of Americans. Oh sorry, that was yours.
No. Mostly possible deductions that most people aren’t eligible for anyway. But a larger standard deduction you are eligible for all of. Win
Billy the bot strikes again
Married filing jointly would be $24,000. Was $12,000. Guess you picked up the wrong page Senator. It happens. Fire that aid.
What stimulus plan does a middle class get? They are taxed to death and get hardly nothing In return... explain plz
@realDonaldTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr @RogerJStoneJr @SteveBannonWH45 @GOP #MAGA
“Trump’s Tax Plan – Take from You, Give to the Rich”
Trump is setting up himself and his rich friends in not paying any taxes! The poor working middle class pays for the rich! Evil decision!
It will be his biggest ERROR IN HIS PRESIDENCY! It'll will ruin our ECONOMY AND TRUMP WILL LEAVE OFC. As The worst President EVER!
I already KNOW TRUMP IS THE WORST, and most incompetent President!
We are counting on you to make it stop.
