An employer has no right to deny a woman access to birth control. This order is an insult to women.
As it related to religiously affiliated institutions, the original order was imperfect...
...but allowing a private employer to deny a woman access to birth control treats women like second-class citizens.
Seems like common sense, doesn't it? Hard to believe we constantly fight this battle. Thanks for supporting sanctuary cities, too.
Men can have vasectomy, cialis and Viagra women, nothing?? Does this make any sense?
A woman can buy her own BC. How are they denying her? Do they drug test for it? Are they fired if theyre found with BC pills?
BIRTH CONTROL IS NOT CONTROVERSIAL. BIRTH CONTROL IS NOT CONTROVERSIAL. BIRTH CONTROL IS NOT CONTROVERSIAL. Wth is wrong w/the Rs???
stop lying no 1 denying pills we just want them to pay for themselves U should be ashamed u lie. This is not socialist country
Pay for it your self it is your choice not government or the insurance company
We DO pay for it through our premiums.  We just didn't have copayments.
Everyone’s premiums go up
Compared to paying for pre-natal care and birth/c-sections??
Easily fixed
Insurance companies would rather pay for BC than those things. It saves them  money.
What I am saying is if it is not a nesseity to live for a man or woman they shouldn’t cover it and if people can’t keep their pants on well
Hormonal BC is also used to treat medical conditions like fibroids and uterine cysts. It is essential medication.
How much is viagra asking for a friend
Over 100 a pill it's not always covered by insurance and the side effect is the focus not original use for this med
should allow both on insurance are these people going to support children that are a result of their beliefs
3/ The Gov’t cannot shrink to nothing while the population grows Willy-Nilly. Family planning is necessary with access to BC, prenatal care.
I need gas for my car
If I don't have gas I can't work
If I don't work I can't buy food
If I can't buy food I'll die
BUY MY GAS #HumanRights
How is upholding innocent unborn children's lives an insult? I REFUSE to pay for abortions and the pills that induce them. #VoteCaseyOut
Why should government or insurance companies have to pay for you to have sex
#trollbot
Why can’t people have an honest discussion
Tweeting about a political issue from a #trollbot account isn't exactly honest discussion
They will buy it if they want it! You are not giving women enough credit to make there decision!
Hmm get erectile disfunction it's God's will!
I understand that we live in a culture where every1 thinks gov't owes them something, in the real world it's bs to make others pay for it!
I will gladly pay for someones birth control over a man's Viagra!
Not ALL of us need it! But if I do I wouldn't expect someone else to pay for it! Libs always want FREE stuff!
No I don't mind paying for another woman to get birth control! Saves money in the long run. Your a man you don't understand
Don't get me wrong, I'm just tired of gov't taking and taking with no end in sight. I am a man and maybe you are right i don't understand
This is also symptom of having to rely on employers for health insurance. Patients and doctors should make the decisions.
Strong independent women can still buy their BC.
But if we have and pay for insurance it should be covered. We shouldn’t have to worry about it!
Insurance doesn't cover everything.  Read your policy. Now get out there and continue faking your strength and independence.
lol, you suck at trolling.

Uhhhh so why do I have to pay for others recreational activities?????
Bled for 56 days out of your vagina and tell me how you feel.. birth control controls periods for some women!
Also helps with cramps, acne, and flow.
#trollbot
Women have access.  They can buy their own!     Please explain.  Access has not been denied.
not denying access.  The are not forcing companies to pay for them against their religious beliefs.
Forever Standing With President Trump !!!!
If you agree birth control is important enough to force private employers to pay for it, surely you agree the govt should pay? #SinglePayer
Did women not have access before this mandate ? ? ?
Nice won't get any of you reelected and wee NEED you! We can't HEAR You when your "nice". The @GOP drowns you out with their lies
Wrong Senator? Wrong? Way to nice a word. It's violence against women. Damn I wish @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats would get a backbone.
"Not paying for" does not equal "denying", FFS.
Really??!! I guess this is not the day you brag about being a Roman Catholic?  DISINGENUOUS & COWARDLY!  TERM LIMITS!!
They have access!! We all have access. Let they pay for it themselves. Responsibility much!???
no senator casey, they r just saying pay for it urself. why should anyone else be paying for a womans birth control? not my money
BS  Their are many Federal Funded programs which provide access to Birth Control!  Good agenda driven LIE!
Lol you can still buy birth control just bosses and tax payers won't pay for it that's business.
One assumes a moral EXCLUSION of #contraception will be countered with the moral INCLUSION of infant-care & nurseries in the workplace?
IMPEACH ALREADY!!!

#ImpeachTrump
#ImpeachPence
#BipatisanBipolarism Donald Trump’s only Agenda is to totally destroy Obama’s Legacy! It’s not to MAGA. It’s to destroy everything that does
BULL. Free/nearly free birth control available MANY places. Don't need PP who would rather sell ABORTIONS than birth control
It is tyranny to force others to pay for things they believe are morally wrong.  I don't want to pay for abortion, contraception, the pill.
Less government, stay out of womans bedrooms. Woman take chrg of ur own lives, bc
Denying acess to woman is Crap. Women can afford their own, taxpayers are not responsible for them. Keep govnmt out of personal lives.
Denying is BS, Its not up to the rest of population to provide. Bull Crap. Be responsible. Cant afford, get a damn job.
I know. Completely unacceptable
Senator Bob Casey do you call Abortion birth control, really?
No different than any prescription. Pay for it. Or pay a co-pay
Why equal rights and demand it for free. That is not right. Pay for it.
No he didn't I am a woman. And I always had to pay for my birth control.
Hahaha! So they don't have to take responsibility for their actions. The PIll is NOT that expensive. Get over yourself!
I do hope Viagra is right next to it on the list.
He nothing but a f ing moron maybe doing this to take the focus off of gun issues

Free market capitalism for health care with less govt regulation is what we need.. Competition leads to innovation and lowered cost
The problem with the cost of medical care in USA is BIG GOVT regulations. Say NO to universal health care. GOVT needs to get out of the way
..What are you guys waiting for? Take him out!! He has NO business sitting in the oval office. Work for us!
You shame your family name by supporting abortion. 2,000 innocent babies each day. That is your idea of birth control. Shameful.
Here we go back to the dark ages! Pretty soon there will be back alley abortions as well.
women for centuries have done natural herbal remedies as birth control - these women can too. Not our job to provide it to them
No one is denying access; they are merely saying taxpayers don't have to pay for it.
Ensure crazy people can buy a gun, but women cannot get birth control! WE ARE UNDER ASSAULT from crazy religious people who have no heart!
Liar. Please explain why employers should pay for women not to get pregnant. What happened to personal responsibility choices?
-the President and I agree "birth control" chemicals have NOTHING to do with health. If you do not want children-tie your tubes
how is it wrong?  you are not thinking this through.
Trump is not denying anything from women.  They can if they want go to Rx and get them.  They want FREE Pills.
They aren't denied anything
So fight back!
Make it legal over the counter!

Oh, Planned Parenthood opposes that level of "access" so you won't?
Why is that again?
I guess when you say you want "access" you don't mean that you want to...
Actually make it much easier to have access?

Words have meaning.
NO ONE has denied women from birth control. Now they have to pay for it themselves. We're taking back our country 1 Democrat at a time #MAGA
No they still have access to it, We just believe they should pay their own bills.  #stopfreerides
No one asked you to.
Your illness makes my rates go up. So you should really pay much more into it.
You are funny, try for better rates or shop around. It's still on you
Not if I work in the same company. Rates go up as benefits are used. Your illness makes my rates go up. Do you not know the pricing scheme?
Nope, I go to Dr as required. Otherwise no use for them.
1. Excellent. That is exactly how men between 21-45 use Drs. After 45 and married men tend to go more often to check things out at the
"Denying women access "

Liar
Wrong ! Not denying accessibility just refusing FREE stuff! Nothing wrong with that! Men have to buy their condoms!
Condoms are not a medication...
This will mean more abortions as well. Birth control prevents abortions in the first place
What about the fetus Bob? Do they get a say?
This is why we need to uncouple healthcare from servile employment, and while we are at it, from profiteering.
It isn't against the law to buy birth control
employers should be providing it without being told, insurance programs MUST be required to provide it ACA, stop allowing a dictator plz
well that's a lie Bob
Can you please explain how @POTUS is "denying access" to birth control? I understand it can still be legally bought at any pharmacy.
SEX is a choice. Pregnancy is not an illness.
But as a teenager at the age of 15 who bled for 56 days and the only thing that regulated my period was birth control!
As a perimenopausal woman who bleeds 21 days a month (the complete opposite of what should be happening) contraception is a god send!
Going after the Little Sisters Of The Poor was wrong, but you didn't care.
Possibly the best birth conntrol is for 1) men and women to control themselves.
Can't wait till you're voted out in 2018.
access is not denied. the mandate is just gone.  have insurance pay for tampons or pads... b/c is 100% a choice!!
Are they denying viagra to men...of course not. Always women's rights and needs hit
So if someone else doesn't pay for your shit it means you don't have access to it? You're why we're $20T in debt...
0 follow, 20 tweets, no picture, ignorant replies to a dem pol on Twitter... Can you say #trollbot ? Rus still hard at work in US politics
If it tweets like a bot and it looks like a bot, then I #trollbot
Means you won’t get laid John
And, not to be indelicate, but men can still get Viagra (& similar medication), correct????? ARE. YOU. KIDDING. ME??????
Unbelievable that they have access to a woman's privacy like this. This must end.

He didn’t deny men access to viagra. Guess men will end up w/ blue balls since women refrain fr sex due to lack of contraception #sacrifices
Trump said he loves women. But only for pussy grabbing. Men like him are intimidated by women. Means women are stronger.
Thank Senator Casey.  I do not understand the hypocrisy of Trump/Repub party.  They rail against abortion and sex ed but take away bc.
Other than 4 strict medical purposes why can’t the women and male sexual partners pay for it? Not like condoms and sponges are $100 a pack.
As their rights slowly dwindle maybe women who supported the pussy grabber will wake up and realize the mistake they made.
Why is my vagina more regulated than a machine gun?
Thanks, Bob. 
I am so sick of @realDonaldTrump & his heathens trying to control women.  It is perverse, disgusting, and uncalled for.  #ImpeachTrump
Why Trump Administration Is Trying To Destroy Our Country That He Claims He Love
Take away access to birth control and abortions? Does anybody see this as an assault on women in the workplace?
Very good idea trump! Now we will have more children who will live in orphanages. Will you adopt them all? NO! trump is a total LOSER!
Thousands of children are waiting for adoption in this country, but the anti-choice/anti-birth control ppl don't seem to care.
And rarely adopt any older children who may be mixed race.
I knew one born again who used a round about method to get IVF (fraudulent actually) but would not consider adoption. And He was Adopted. Wt
When did it ban contraceptives?
Where planned Parenthood? Because they lost their funding!
How. Why. How. Why. How. Why. HOW?? How. How.
Is the government trying to make women nothing more than brood mares
Good one!
it takes women to decide that ... 
The government's religious beliefs R being crammed down the throats of women. My God says prevent unwanted births that are cruel to babies.
Donald Trump is literally killing women!
Are they not allowed to purchase it over the counter? I missed that part.
They can but some can’t afford it
1) You can get a box of condoms for $5, everyone can afford that
2) Some restrooms even have free condoms
3) Abstinence is always free
so far, EVERYTHING they've done is wrong.
Including pulling out of the TPP?
We are being attacked everyday by the people we pay.  This administration must be stopped.  Enough!  Today.
Welcome to the 1950's. I wonder if Trump and GOP believe it's time to repeal Civil Rights Act too
Why is it wrong don’t have sex until you are ready to have a child men or women
What if you are married but can't risk pregnancy due to health issues? Or what if you can't afford children?
Your tweeting to a troll
Lol. Thanks for noting it.
