House passes GOP-led bill aimed at replacing major parts of Dodd-Frank, but likely to face Senate hurdles http://on.wsj.com/2skkIRA 
Make no mistake, the @HouseGOP is essentially undoing the protections put in place in the wake of the financial crisis.
We are still recovering from the Great Recession and the @HouseGOP wants Wall Street to return to their wild west ways?
Not to mention gutting the only agency tasked with protecting us from the predatory practices that led to the crisis- the @CFPB
Oh, we understand
Wonder if trump's only value to @GOP is for distraction.
That and the fact that he apparently doesn't read what he signs, as long as it undoes something Obama did.
Trump knows NOTHING about governance but he does know that he hates Obama. Easiest path for trump is to simply go anti-Obama.
Fanny and Freddie cost the tax payers millions if not billions, hope they get dismantled = save us money.
They're working for everyday Americans.
Keep up the good work. We the consumer need protection against the big banks and investment firms.
"Senate Hurdles" is a lie. The GOP will rubber-stamp everything, so they can eliminate the middle class. Nothing matters to these assholes.
2018 ....Unfortunately alot of damages will have already been done but 2018 clean house literally
Ave net worth of Congress is just over $1 million. Wall Street is a friend to all. Casey's, and Dems protests, is merely a smokescreen.
@SilverAttack apparently blocked me for supporting Trump. Another example of how open to all sides & tolerant some people AREN'T. Hypocracy.
Ryan hates Americans almost as much as trump!
Trump loves America and wants to make it great.
Mr/Ms Yoder you are deluded. Trump cares nothing for America except getting as much of our $ as he can. Costs  education, environment, etc
we need to stop all house & senate activity, still we find out what the fuck is going on.
Agree
Hearings provide GOP cover as they dismantle our system, & sell the public good 2 greedy friends&family. They'll delay as long as possible.
Yeah!  At least the GOP is working!  #maga
Working to make us a feudal lord and serf society.  WAY TO GO MAGA-bots.
Such a convenient distraction.
Good we need to.
So, what are the Dems plans, @SenBobCasey? The @GOP dnt govern, they obstruct. Time to fight fire w/ fire. What do we do 2 save the #ACA?
They need to . Good for the gop.
Wall Street contributes heavily to Democrats.
Thank u Speaker Ryan, Good Job
Yeah, now when banking regulations are gone, ppl gambling w/ public money and their own businesses.  Here comes Crash part 2.  THANKS #MAGA
Disgraceful!
I really have a hard time understanding why they are so determined to tear apart our country? It is dangerous and disturbing to our Constit.
Shame on GOP House! They don't care about the people!
deplorable.
Why aren't you asking for charges against Comey for arranging leak of meeting notes? Also, hows your stock portfolio Mr millionaire?
Why are these monsters so eager to destroy this country repeatedly?!
WTH is wrong with these people?!
The #HouseRepublicans want to put #PreExistingConditions back into the economy. How generous of them.
When the dollar tanks against every other currency and industry dies because of climate deniers they will still blame dems
HouseGOP just caved in to Swamp Special Interests.
Hey, Casey - you aren't going to get rich off the backs of Americans anymore. Hurdles? Do your job and stop impeding.
Not surprised. They want more money for their next elections so they can have charity fundraisers at Trump Resorts.
D-F law killed 20000 small, community banks&empowered banking monopoly giants-NOT WS reform but #CronyBankersWetDream Thanks @speakerRyan
Elections have consequences. With @POTUS mired in self sabotage and scandal, the GOP majority ain't waiting for the end of this movie.
Can the senate stop this @SenBobCasey ?
I am so angry at this.
As Bill Maher said, "While we're watching the clown screw the pony, the GOP is stealing our car!" I hope you will do something about it, sir
Please stop this in the Senate!
Stop scaring people Senator Casey!   Work with our President
Keep fighting for us @SenBobCasey. We are counting on you! Thank you!
Stop the bleeding!
Using the  to push through their revenge agenda...but at the country's expense!!
They are all about themselves and their big business friends in making sure they keep all the wealth.
Hopefully the senate will think again
Of course

Cue Claude Rains.
Wasn't what the USA went thru under Bush in 2008 bad enough???

Still as corrupt as hell. What are we going to do as they continue to destroy us? Wth!?!?!?
Anyone remember 2008 when we kissed our 401k's goodbye? WTF is wrong with these people? 2018 can't come soon enough. #GOPGONE
They are rushing before they have to check into the Iron Bar Hotel.The price for accepting the 30 pieces of silver will be steep
No doubt that's why Wall Street had such a good day.
They will try anything to get more for their wealthy backers. Fortunately, we have one senator with our backs and it isn't Toomey.
I called my Rep (Brady) - a good guy. He voted No. And called PA Rep Rothfus, the only PA rep to SPONSOR HR10. Grrr.

@housegop = scum ; bye bye in 2018 ; never seen a more inept and crooked bunch of people
You sick SAD SOB'S this is how we fell into the last recession. Did you not learn anything...oh that"s right YOU DON'T CARE!!
Yup the good old boy's network is at it again
They just don't care about regular citizens
I am beyond being beside myself  #HowToStopIt?d
We are going to have to vote out #GOP in 2018 and get Trump impeached. They are the majority, no other way.
This is infuriating @RepBrianFitz
To big to fail!
The @GOP that is- not Wall Street, not America! 
Partyism over Patriotism
@peterdaou @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @WSJ @ryanjtracy Which train wreck do we watch?
They did this so they could steal more money from hard working Americans. Apparently they are looking for the economy to collapse again.
Great. So get ready for a repeat of what happened in 2008.
Oh God!
@WSJ Pay attention they screwing us up!!
Where's your name on S.881? It's easy to criticize others actions while taking none yourself to improve the situation.
I guess @SpeakerRyan needed some pretty significant cover!
I am sorry Sir, but so many of your colleagues are absolutely Disgusting!  They are dismantling protections, and they have zero replacements
Yup another step closer to undoing all of Pres Obama's accomplishments
Are you surprised this administration is 1000% pro Wall Street and banks.
@peterdaou @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP 
W
H
Y
?
?
Did anyone try to stop them?
I certainly hope so!
#GreedOverPeople this is what they are! The @GOP all in for power over country and people! Catering to the 1% way to go! #Resist #Ω
It's okay. I'll remember all of the things they are getting rid of in 2018 and 2020!
Chicken Little at it again....
It is so depressing. Trump protecting his friends.
Haven't forgotten that Ryan and top rnc were well aware of trump-Russia collusion and went along so he/they could pull stuff like this.
Did you watch Comey hearings? FBI saw NO evidence of Ruskie/Trump collusion. Did you forget DNC collusion stole Dem nomination from Bernie?
I can't believe how cruel, hateful and greedy these republicans are. The GOP is a hate group.
Do you realize the average net worth of Congress is about $1 million? Casey's protests are a smokescreen. Wall St is his friend too.
Then they shall be held accountable for the outcome
GRR @GOP YOU ARE CORRUPT
what the heck 
Don't approve the next FBI director he has ties to Russia
Help to the top,
Vote against this crap
