This confirmation further underscores the need for an independent special counsel.
This is a grave and serious moment in our nation's history. The FBI must be allowed to conduct its investigation without interference.
Appointing special counsel is now more important than ever- the American people deserve to know the facts behind #TrumpRussia investigation.
. PLEASE keep after them! Counting On You!
the fact that the FBI has said there is no evidence of collusion proves democrats are ridiculous for continuing to push it
should be a crime Casey spreading false accusations I call on the impeachment of corrupt BOB Casey
The fact that your fellow Senator in our state, @SenToomey, won't acknowledge it, is extremely concerning as well #from15108
the Dem party colluded to beat Bernie proven fact. No screams then. What gives?
wake up!
it was a simple question@heatherresist06260505nand yet not one person has answered it
I was pissed at that point also, but Trump is the POTUS which makes it a bigger deal
concerning enough to lead to impeachment? What else has to go wrong to finally #ImpeachTrump We the ppl deserve a better leader
If ever we needed a stepping point to #ImpeachTrumpNow this is it!  US Democracy has been seriously compromised!
How do we know that Russia didn't also choose this candidate for SCOTUS? No vote, plz!!!
question all the reports of investigation and "wire taps" in NYT,etc of Trump #wherestheFISA ? That's concerning!
He is mentally unstable.  When he knows his game is up I fear he will start a war.  A constituent in Upper Pottsgrove Twnshp!
Thr fact that you're  not bothered by Comey saying NO investigation in2 leaks, is quite troubling!.U won't get my vote Senator
was it extremely concerning when FBI investigated HRC? I mean investigation must mean wrongdoing, right? ur stance on Clinton?
Filibuster his fascist nominee and don't give him control of SCOTUS without a fight. Churchill not Chamberlain. #StolenSeat
The fact that Comey suppressed this and let Trump win is also concerning.
Yes, yes, yes...don't let Comey off the hook, he's a part of the problem not the solution! 
Seems to ne that the FBI wouldn't be investigating if there wasn't any reason. I am hopeful the full facts will be revealed.
(3) than Russian involvement (speculation). Go follow the carrot on the stick if you want, but get your priorities straight...
(2) please don't piss down our back and tell us it's raining. Sir, you should be more worried about IC leaks (facts)...
fact that you can lie to PA residents on daily basis and still call yourself a 'good' politician, well that needs investigated
(1) please sir, all 17 agencies did not find ANY COLLUSION between Trump associates and Russia so...
Gorsuch nom must be filibustered! GOP says FBI investigation disqualifying for Prez.  Agree! Stop all work for Trump Org.

Senator, I know you're not one for drama, but that is a big understatement. GOP denials concerning! #IndependentInvestigation
@INDIVISIBLENEP1 Keep fighting!
no scotus appointment until investigation completed
FBI said no. Check your facts..
confirm Gorsuch..or lose your job
stop playing politics and start supporting our Potus.. we voted for him!!
Unless you really dont like your job,
Concerning, to say the least. Our very way of life is threatened. Fight for a special counsel. Save democracy.
It is - and a special prosecutor is needed, AND those taxes.  Please continue to put the pressure on.
vote for the new health plan
The fact that Clinton is not in jail after seeing this documentary is extremely concerning
I'm with you now Casey. We need to goto war with Russia. I think first strike is best. You are a joke.
Why are we not insisting all confirmation hearings be cancelled pending conclusion of the investigation. #Collusion
the fact that Trump lied about our former President & won't apologize should be very concerning to everyone!
@PaulBegala That's a understatement!
yet he still has access to secrets guess Putin will get them all before this ends
- Understated, but yes.
why isn't FBI investigating collusion between Russia and your party? Prob more there with indictments.
care to answer why the DNC denied the FBI access to investigate your committee?
The fact that Comey, FBI, IC did not take proper action to protect USA sovereignty is even more concerning...WHY? Please answer
this reveals everything everyone loves to hate in politicians,just waste time while there's real work to get done,shameful
Didn't you meet with the Russian Ambassador also? What did you talk about? Can you discussion be leaked? Loser.
Pennsylvanians need to be shown the lies @realdonaldtrump and his associates have told.
did it concern you when the dem party collude to beat Bernie? That was a proven fact *crickets*
The hearings seemed very partisan, we need an independent committee and counsel.
No influence in election was conclusion though.
Bob what is scary is the Democrats didn't want the FBI investigate the DNC when they were hacked. What crimes are they hiding?
"At this point; what difference does it make?" HRC
didn't seem that concerned when they were investigating Hillary, were you?
did you hear or see a different testimony than the rest of us? What collusion was confirmed? You r talking out of ur ass.
I cannot overstate how understated this is. how about some fire on this!
Senator, we cannot confirm a SCOTUS nominee while the investigation is pending!
Ya think
Understatement of the day.

This administration is thoroughly compromised.

A filibuster of ALL nominees is in order.
we need an independent investigation!
the fact that they let Hillary off the hook is extremely concering
...to put it mildly. How about it is just about mind-numbing?
and trump will come out with an outrageous distracting tweet in 5...4...3...2.......
Senator, concerning?  Not dangerous, Cold War-ish, terroristic?
U.S.A needs a Special Prosecutor on Russian interference in U.S.A politics
I can only hope that more rural Pennsylvanians realize the COLOSSAL mistake they made by believing this unrepentant buffoon.@realDonaldTrump
I dont mince words. Dr Steve
Concerning. Like a nuclear bomb or the holocast. Yes. My vote. Concerning. Action or we end
We're you sleeping through the last 8 years. Always the party comes first. Shameful
No Supreme Court nomination until this investigation is concluded.
That's why he made false claims about president Obama & lead American People with lies about rigged election.  Rigged his favor
on Gorsuch since DJT registered on 1/20 & is actively campaigning using Rep logic  shouldn't SCOTUS be nom by NEXT Prez? STOP!
Not advocating it, but in other countries the current situation would have crowds in the streets.
It says it all and explains it all. All the nonsense now and in campaign now make sense. He is a Russian puppet.
He's urgently going to Mar-a-lago to get Russian instruction and to give intel to them.
What's clear is that a *halt* on USSC Justice confirmation that was nominated by someone under foreign ties invst IS required.
But nobody seems to care that Hillary was funded by the radical islamist Saudis. So why care about Russia?
it is funny how Reps are more concerned about finding the leaker than to find the truth!
complete distraction!  They look foolish
it is deeply troubling.
We must finish investigation before even considering supreme court nominee!
@RichardEStark YA THINK??! #ImpeachTrump #Trumprussia
How do we as citizens best use our time and resources to fight for an independent commission?
excellent question.
Please don't confirm any SCOTUS nominee put forth by a possible Russian asset. Need to delay confirmation til investigation re Trump is over
so u r agnst a Constitutionalist? Wldn't that b anethema 2 what Russia stands 4? If r agnst tht u act like Russia.
Not to the Republicans at all looks like it. They r more interested in locking up reporters.
: Let's put a halt to the SCOTUS hearings!
& yet nothing said & election allowed to continue! No hesitation though on HRC release of info! #Comey helped Donny
@ispas88 I think alarming would be a better word choice
@PaulBegala Ya think???  Maybe now patriots in congress will finally do something.
the fact that the DNC chose to let Trump win during the election is more troubling.
If you see your name here , you may be dirty too !
... the sad part..REDGOP is worried about what's for dinner in the dining room on Titanic.. as she sinks.
I find this extremely concerning 
http://990s.foundationcenter.org/990_pdf_archive/311/311580204/311580204_201312_990.pdf?_ga=1.5545712.291683474.1434655854 … and this ;
@PaulBegala And damaging - the WH is looking more foolish than ever
the dems have convenient short memories.
Gorsuch hearing must be paused until this investigation is over.
Yes, but also extremely positive in that they are (I think) actually taking this seriously. Which needs to happen. We need to know.
Keep up the good work sir and if you happen to see Mr Toomey-- maybe you can tell him to DO HIS JOB
That may be the biggest Captain Obvious statement of the day...with all due respect...:-)
wat bout uranium sale to Russia, Pizza gate pedophile, crooked hillary needs jailed. U took oath to uphold laws HB10 YES
your followers are looney tunes!
thank you for making statements and not hiding like @SenToomey
YOU LIE THEY SAID NO PROOF OF COLLUSION YOUR VOTERS ARE NOT STUPID SENATOR!!
not according to @POTUS
What's more concerning is that it has been going on since July and Comey was too busy with the non story of Clinton's emails.
an investigation based on feelings. are you even listening to the testimoney?
Worrisome.  GOP needs 2 pay attn 2 treason, not those who alerted us 2 treason. Put country loyalty above party loyalty
Hillary first. If you sacrifice that lamb maybe you might see it.
Theres a peacefull way. And the way of 1776 And 1968   Walk soft  impeach. But one pres remind us to carry a big stick. Make this happen
AND NAMED RUSSIA AN ADVERSARY OF THE UNITED STATES.
Dah!! so insightful of you .
