It'll cost us jobs, it'll hurt our security. It's a total betrayal of the trust of the federal government.
stop with the spin.  He did nothing immoral.  He is putting the power back in the people's hands by giving it to congress.  Do your job
Why did Oboma not get it done in 2009?
YOU'RE the one that immoral and insulting.  You are taking ILLEGAL immigrants above your constituents and the citizens of the United States.
Thank you for opposing any Trump action against DACA. We have an amazingly gifted DACA friend--just earned her M.A.--unbearable stress!
Get all  illegal aliens out , she is a leach in USA
Trump has no concern for people.  He wants to dismantle it is because it was done by Obama.  Stop him on everything you can.
Total BS tweet
You have your opinion and I have mine.  Mine is the correct one and yours is the usual Trump response.
Why of course you are the correct one! All Trump supporters are illiterate and uneducated
Keep on thinking this!
Never meant to imply this.  Just my opinion.  And I never said Trump supporters are illiterate or uneducated.
You haven't been able to reform immigration in 11 years in office, but it's someone else's fault?
As usual, talktalktalk, no action!!!!!!
Well you had 4 years to draft a law to protect them! When you get back to work tomorrow draft a law !  Stop blaming POTUS!
No u are immoral & insulting when u profess to being a Catholic but cannot & will not stand up for the unborn. The left loves dolts like you
DACA protects MS 13 & a lot of drug dealers. DACA is a very bad ILLEGAL deal. Americans want the dream for their kids! STOP GIVING THAT AWAY
Others also deserve a chance. Our country was built on that principals
They can apply for citizenship
I'm glad u think so. Make legislation and make it law instead of at the will of a single man. #DefendDACA
You mean @BarackObama  who did exactly that with #DACA?
Yes & was critized 4 it. Learn from past 4 balanced & better future. Holding young people's future @ whim of political partycrazy #DACA
Those young people can go back to their country of citizenship and build their future. Most of them are in their 20s and 30s, not kids.
This country & system is all they know & r contributing positive things 2 it. Speak to #Dreamers, hear stories, hear what they r doing now
If their parents robbed banks would you let them keep the money? This is no different. What "they know" is irrelevant. Some are, most aren't
Apples/oranges. All I can say is try to find empathy & compassion. It could have been any of us. We r born w/privilege #StandWithDreamers
It's not "apples and oranges". Both are benefits received as the result of a crime. Empathy and compassion? How about the rule of law?
It's also give jobs away that poor young blacks in the intercity could have!! Ridiculous!
So....enforcing current Federal laws is "wrong, immoral and insulting?".  I am for Law & order, not the "feelings" of an ideological idiot.
Well stated, Sir!!!!
Thank you for a truly "Pennsylvanian" response to a repugnant order. #SaveDACA  #Dreamers
Bob How can democrats support jobs for 11+ million illegal alien workers?
What day did us democrats vote for unfettered illegal immigration?
You're anti-American. Ending DACA will provide 800K jobs to American citizens and extra college slots for U.S. children.
End it! End it!
You go @SenBobCasey , now back that up with a Fillabuster! @SenToomey you know he is right. @RepBrianFitz what are you going to do?
You want AMNESTY?

Trump won't lose votes Ending #DACA /#DefendDACA Left wing #NutBall libtards will never vote GOP anyway

#Trump is a #GOD
#Borders Language #culture Make a Country #DEPORT #illegalaliens #dreamers #ruleOfLaw #Trump #DACA NEVER #DefendDACA
I see you went to the Michael Savage institute for knuckle draggers
How can Unions & democrats support jobs for 11+million illegal alien workers?
Why don't democrats like us American workers?

#Trump is a God
Ok here we go. First, you cannot get into a union without papers. Second, you sound like a teenager.
Hard to get away from the truth right out of his mouth Eliseo Medina bragging about illegal immigrants in #SEIU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_66K0FNI-k … … …
Kid, quit while you're ahead. No video on YouTube is going to change statistical facts. Last advice, start reading newspapers
Wrong? Immoral? Insulting? Bad for our economy? Just described yourself. So, why don't you shut up about our president and show him respect.
Work for the citizens of America !!
But it would make it easier for Russia to threaten US & isn't that the point? Besides pandering to racists.
You'd think Sen Casey was a priest the way he preaches about immoral behavior, so those of us that want a secure border are bad people now
Again, Senator, can he actually do that? Isn't there something Congress can do?
Yes.  Actually pass legislation to fix immigration.  That's the whole point of doing away with DACA.  This senator isn't helping.
Wrong punishment for the wrong crime, sir
Fixing immigration is not punishment.
I believe that the repeal of DACA is punishment. Yes, we need to reform immigration, taking it out on the most vulnerable is a coward's way.
They have been to scared to fix it and take a chance of pissing off certain groups of voters.  Instead they do nothing other than complain
I would like just once for you Dems to tell the truth! He is NOT ending DACA- he's just giving congress 6 mo. to correct the Ob overreach.
Thank you, Senator Casey! Can't wait to help you get reelected in 2018! #DefendDACA
Bob How can democrats support jobs for 11+ million illegal alien workers?
What day did us democrats vote for unfettered illegal immigration?
Educate yourself about #DACA. #Dreamers are kids brought to the US by parents, now vetted, & working or in school.
What about our poor working young Americans that are displaced by this scummy illegal aliens? #Trump is a living GOD
What about our #Identity #equifaxbreach
So do your job
What's a matter Bob. Are you going to lose your gardener and maid because you don't want to pay American wages?
Bob How can democrats support jobs for 11+ million illegal alien workers?
What day did us democrats vote for unfettered illegal immigration?
, America is ruled by laws and our Constitution, not our feelings. What kind of parents would put their kids on a train to USA?
Lou Barletta for US senator from Pennsylvania. Check him on utube.
It is wrong, immoral and illegal to cross into this country weather u have children or not.
It was wrong the way it came about
Thank you for supporting DACA and the Dreamers, Senator Casey! It's the right thing to do!
Sorry your wrong and should resign NOW
@realDonaldTrump look a child in eyes and tell them their dreams/hopes don't matter and they have to leave. Can't be done by someone w soul
Did you go to law school?  If so ask for your money back.  What can be created with a pen can be struck with a pen. Do ur job pass a bill
ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION is wrong.
DACA is wrong and Obama should not have made this decision.  Laws come from Congress. Congress needs to DO THEIR JOB.
You sir are, "Wrong, Immoral and Insulting" we are a nation of laws not anarchy.
At what point did you stop caring about the dreams of American children? Ur a U.S. Senator, get ur priorities in order.
What's immoral and bad for our economy is the Democrat party. Enjoy your last few months, 2018 is right around the corner.
Hey Bob, please explain why it's wrong to end DACA from your perspective. Thanks
... and an utter Human Rights embarrassment for the US in the eyes of the world.
Every opportunity given to a #DACA recipient is one stolen from an American & an insult to everyone who immigrated here illegally.
What do you know about the economy under your president it was disaster and he doubled the debt. His daca ex. Order was illegal.

Obama's executive order was unconstitutional. Trump is giving Congress 6 months to pass a law to replace it. Stop granstanding & do your job
Thank u
Here is a novel idea.Get to work and create sensible legislation that actually fixes immigration.  Instead of using this as a political tool
He's only doing it because it's short-sighted and dangerous.
Thank you, Sen. Bob Casey!  Gracias mil!
YOU KNOW WHAT IS IMMORAL? ?? YOU ARE --- FOR YOUR SUPPORT OF SAME SEX MESSAGE WHICH IS AGAINST GOD AND THE CATHOLIC FAITH -- #HYPOCRITE
It's wrong to have a program that doesn't help Americans of all races and ethnics. Americans first! So many hurting, poor and homeless!
If this is the right policy, then it should be passed through the House and Senate, not executive order.
Please quit your pandering & do ur job - we are a Nation of Laws that APPLY TO ALL
Do something about it Senator! Do the right thing!!!
What's wrong and immoral was allowing illegal immigrants to stay to begin with. Whats really immoral is making taxpayers fund them #EndDACA
U.S. Code: Title 8 - ALIENS AND NATIONALITY

The fabric of our republic is the rule of law! #EndDACA
Bad for our economy? Ha! Ya, right dude. You know dam good and well that is a total lie!
Ur wrong again. They are here illegally. Ur a lawyer read the law.
This action needs to be dealt with in the legislative, not by Democrat or Republican executive order. Get moving or shut up.
As an immigrant, I wish Democrats would have same passion for American kids:those live in violent inner cities and go to dilapidated schools
Ending DACA is the right thing to do!How long do you want to kick this can down the road? Follow our laws Senator. Period. No illegals
#ImpeachTrumpANDPenceNow #NeverthelessShePersisted #GuantanamoforTrump #EVIL  @SenJohnMcCain @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski  @nytimes @WSJ
How?  How is ending #DACA bad for the economy?  Why make grandiose blanket statements with no evidence to support?
Well he's putting it up to U to pass #DACA...He will want Tax reform and Boarder Wall attatched to DACA kids Bill.. It's called give or take
I guess we'll find out
Does Congress have a plan if he does?
Some of these DACA's do not even speak Spanish. They were raised here. They are your policeman, fireman and teachers. Wake up.
I keep reading these idiot tweets about ending DACA. I am not sure you get it. Thousands of these kids were brought here before school age.
Wow, another #Democrat who doesn't respect the concept of the rule of law. Color me shocked. Solution: Leave and come back the right way.
Bobby you have proven to be bad for our country and a embarrassment to the good people of PA.  Remember who PA put in the White House Bob?
It's not the presidents job to deal with this mess! You and your cronies haven't done anything for years and years to address this issue!
What about the American dreamers born here, shouldn't they come before illegals? Illegal is illegal, they broke the law. No more free rides.
And what have YOU done Legislatively to make Immegration reforms Bob? Oh, nothing but all of a sudden it's Trumps problem. A #CongressFAIL
Wrong, immoral and insulting - you can stop there!  Thank you for believing DREAMERS should stay in USA.
Thx 4 supporting DACA. We need Caucasians to take a decisive role 4 immigration rights. Alt-right is dead WRONG. Signed, average white woman
Then write imagration reform if you are so for the dreamers. Do your job!
Don’t like it? Propose changes to the law. What Obama did - wrong. What illegals did - wrong. @POTUS merely making correction to follow law.
It's Unconstitutional. Or did you forget that's what your supposed to uphold.
Hurt our security? Are you crazy? You mean help our security.
How does encouraging illegal aliens to enter the country illegally help out security?
Listen up genius. Bad for economy? Why because we may have some jobs for people who were born here. Get rid of the dreamers.
Make them apply and gain citizenship, 2yrs that's it, if they won't do it good bye. Why is it so hard for Dems to obey the law?
Give me a break Casey! You're one to preach about morality! What have you done for US citizens? Fake outrage!
Supporting your efforts to have this impending decision reversed
It's immoral
Please protect our country from the blight in the White House.
So you are against law abiding citizens?
So Mr.Senator,birthright Americans put you in office to do and protect them,you are telling them go F****self?
DACA needs to go.
You share in the same cheap labor pool as Shummer?
So what are you going to do about it, Mr. Casey?
Do you think he cares? If Obama did it, he is against it Period!!
Total BS
If it weren't.for cheap illegal alien labor, real Americans might have to be paid 15 bucks an hour. #DemocratLiesMatter
Yeah giving inner city youth a chance for a job instead of illegal immigrants is so immoral. Bob you're pathetic
He has no clue! Just what ppl whisper in his ears!
Now pass the legislation & stop making the fate of these innocent people contingent upon an Exec order. If anyone can you can Bob!
Again, printing anything this moron says reflects badly on your paper.  He is as usless of a public servant ever elected. Please stop
Well get off your ass ...you have 6 months to legislate ....of coarse that would require you to be productive .....ha yeah that will happen
WTF are you talking about?
Wrong - he is ending an executive order that was never a long-term solution.
2 as / is DACA illegal?
Explain how it's bad for economy
Are you a co-sponsor of the BRIDGE Act, Senate bill 3542? Congress must act.
Jobs taken by illegal immigrants could be jobs that Americans use to support their families. DACA should be put down, it only hurts America
did they not know when they came there would be risks for breaking law, u commit a crime there must be consequences or don't u believe that
Agree!  Rather straight forward.
Also morally wrong & insulting that lawmakers encourage & reward those who break our laws. Why should we follow any laws, Senator?
Nice of you to declare that the citizens of the United States are not your main concern.
What country do you represent?
Then pass legislation you had the Congress and the Whitehouse obama's used executive order to block Rubio from putting it forward
If DACA is so great to you why have you not done anything in Congress to save it? Just happy to be there collecting $ while doing nothing?
Save a lot of money though Bob. How is it immoral?  Voters pick MAGA, did you not hear about Trump being the president?
DACA is not constitutional so it has to be ended. Now why don't the senate pass a DACA law?
your ibligated to abide by ths LAW! we are a nation of immigrants but also a nation of LAWS!!
I know!! It will save the Government $250B in tax refunds that shouldn't be paid out to illegals!!!
All you do is whine. Do your job and change law
What are you thinking? At some point we have to stop, we cannot afford all of this! Set rules and stick to them! Not giving earned!
So 700k to 800k job openings for American taxpaying citizens sounds like a bad thing to you?
Yeah, but you are a dirtbag, ineffective, traitorous politician who would always support an illegal over an American citizen.
He hasn't announced anything yet but you already assume it's cruel. Typical hack politician. Obama's EO was also illegal and only for 2 yrs.
get busy and get some legislation passed.  Something so important should be law not executive orders by any president.
They don't want to.  They just want to be able to point at decisions like this and tell you how wrong and immoral it is.
Not our government. You crooked lib-turds!
Their parents failed them. Now avg age is 26.  Plenty of time to do it right.  Fear mongering with the economy comment.
It's also enforcing the law, or don't laws matter if they're unpopular?
Bad cause people here illegally. It was never a law. It was a runaround congress. Do your jobs in D.C.
Not many good feels in this thread. Get the clue Bob?
Pass a damn bill
you slay babies and you want to have any moral authority. You are a clown
Cool your jets & see what Trump is doing Senator! DACA will be more secure & legal w/action by congress during 6 mo delay
Senator. Please remember this at election time. @loubarletta will endorse this kind of nonsense. Make note of it
Whose economy Casey - Mexico's or our kids' economy? 200 plus Apple jobs now held by people brought here illegally.
DACA is great for US citizens...create employment for legal citizens.
Another senator who refuses to follow the rule of law. He took a oath to uphold the laws of United States
Trump doesn't care lol.
Trump has a legal responsibility to end it since it is unconstitutional
What?! Bad for the economy? What world are u living in Bobby?!
Bob Casey is DONE like dinner next election stick a fork in him

END #DACA #MAGA NEVER #DefendDACA
False.
Go gettum Senator! We stand behind you in Pa, #indivisibleberks @SwingLeftPA06
why are u not wroried,for millions of homeless American citizens, millions on  food stamps,miilions without job & insurance.All lives matter
Interesting that you chose Labor Day to stand up for foreign workers in U.S.
Follow a lawless JV O e/o you get what you get!options 1.Leave or 2.Jail 
Just think you all had 5yrs to become legal citizens!You wasted it
Did you see Scranton's economic plight?  1900 properties up for delinquent tax sales   Yea great job Bob  your a disaster Bob
Do your job, by the way how long have you been sucking off tax payers, you only open that pathetic mouth when attempting moral change.
#DACA  is an illegal program. Has no choice. Sending It to you yahoos in #Congress to fix.  Do your job
These are folks who we should want to have here.  We have invested in their education and they are invested in us.  They know the language &
(cont) culture.  This is the only country most of them have known.  The only "problem" is that they are not White Republicans...
Thank you Senator Casey.
If illegals aren't taking our jobs, why will it make such a terrible impact on our economy?
Almost a million people no longer contributing to the economy that money will flow out with no replacement. They haven't taken your job.
What's wrong, immoral, and insulting is that Congress (you) sat on their butts all these years and didn't pass an immigration bill.
then make #daca law.
Fool
If you had done your job regarding immigration this would not be an issue today. Their parents become legal & Democrats. That's your motive.
YOUR JOB IS NOT TO PROTECT THE INTERESTS OF BIG INTERNATIONAL CORPORATIONS. YOU WORK FOR THE AMERICAN CITIZENS.
How about this.  For every kid deported, Trump properties get one less working visa for an immigrant laborer.
So, Mr. Member of Congress - maybe you could DO something about protecting us ALL from Trump?
no one wants to pull families apart, but drugs, rape murder and free living seems to have ruined alot of cities, counties, states & country.
You can pass legislation correcting Obama's illegal over reach YOU have the ball Bobby YOU.
This should have been fixed by our congress MONTHS ago! CHANGE THE LAWS or stop illegal immigration. It's a no brainer. Including DACA.
Hey Bob, why don't you get with your constituents and your president that we elected.
He doesn't care, he's throwing red meat to his base.
No legislation until all DACA recipients are safe @HouseDemocrats  @SenateDems  @SenSchumer  @Rep
You're the one who's immoral and insulting. I so look forward to voting you out! #Bartos2018
Yes. That will be awesome. PA came to its senses in 2016. Buh Buh Bob
Please fight this Senator. So many are counting on you.
