I called, protested, etc, did all I could. It SUCKS that this is the will of the people but apparently it is @SenBobCasey
Fake news....you haven't even seen it BOB
WRONG. Read the bill.
1 problem, theres no bill to read
Omg!  They are fighting 2 not include pre existing. It's in the proposal. I have MS. I'm scared so don't give me BS about it being no biggie
I'm not giving you BS I'm giving you the facts. And pre existing conditions will be included or @POTUS said he will not sign it You'll be ok
You said it would be okay. Your President has potentially made me unable to stop the disease I have. He lied, he signed it.
I didn't get a chance to read it yet. I'll have to get back to you. But don't forget it has to go to Senate and will prob bounce back anyway
It does, but still. Though I do appreciate you being decent about it.
The $8 million over 5 years will help 100 people or so. Meanwhile people will die or go bankrupt. Thanks GOP. #resist
It's  $8 BILLION snowflake
You are so right. And you are so rude. I misspoke. Sadly, 8 billion is still not enough to take care of the millions with PECs.
They are saying that they would actually need between 150 to 160 billion to be able to cover it. Bottom line people will die.
And in the ACHA as outlined there will be $145 Billion over 10 years for those needing coverage. $8 BILLION just for the uninsured
All of these organizations do not agree with you.
And why go out if their way to add new preexisting conditions like rape, ceaserean and postpartum depression?
Let House pass immoral Trumpcare aimed at sending millions into bankruptcy, death for tax cuts. Makes it easier to ID scum to oust in 2018.
You can text Resist to 50409 and they will send faxes to senators and representatives which is quicker and more reliable than calling
A country, especially a great country like ours  should take care of its people. #VoteNO.  Why can't Congress amend #Obamacare?
Hey #TrumpTrain 1st step is to cut #Obamacare next they will #MAGA by cutting your #Medicaid and step 3 is to decimate #Medicare #MAGAmyAss
Fight for us senator!
Access to Care has decreased in rural counties since the ACA, get your head out of the sand. This man is not bright, elected for last name
more deportations are scheduled for these women. How can we stop this?
You are my senator and you have no clue.  You voted for AHCA before you could read it. You will not get my vote again
I would call you a Senator who's agenda is to divide Americans. Everyday you Tweet something negative about Republicans. Re-election coming?
Thank you for continuing to speak out. You have my steadfast support. PA-11.
how about some of you Democrats start standing up and publicly speaking out against this crap. Every one of (1/2)
you should be speaking on the capital buildings steps in front of every news agency. (2/2)
If TrumpCare is so good for us than it is good enough for House and Senate. People DEMAND the same coverage for all!
The best gauge for people is how you fall on a topic. If your against it then it is good for Pennsylvanians and Americans. So vote for it.
That's a GD LIE. Preexisting conditions will remain with the new AHCA. stop spreading hate speech Senator.
Actually ... you are wrong. They lied and just so you know, those bastards, the (GOP/Revoltigans) are keeping their #ObamaCare
Proud of your work and representation, @SenBobCasey. Thanks!
And the bill went from "final" to vote in less time than most people can understand and contact their rep. I'm sure this is no accident.
GOP Failed the ACA by not fully funding and Not fully implementing it for years. Now GOP want to take Care away from millions of people 
AARP stands against ACHA or TrumpNoCare!
The House GOP only want to insure the people with preexisting will pay 5 times as much for Insurance.   @realDonaldTrump is a liar!
And Paul Ryan is a Liar.
Senator, please tell your colleagues that "Life is a pre-existing condition."
Why change pre-existing changes at all. Are they part of the people the WH wants to get rid of? Equality foe all!!
1 billion dollar short? You should be ashamed. While you're out virtue signaling. PA is falling apart. YOU SUCK BOB
Hold strong @senbobcasey! @housegop: that bill is a complicated mess, damage frm which won't be fully felt until 2020. Don't do it!
What's wrong with these ppl
more lies so sick of all the lying politicians enough already
How do we communicate to R's to tell them to vote no when they keep their VM's full 100% of the time? i.e @RepSmucker
I have been calling every damn day, too! Never able to leave a message, never talk to anyone...
Thanks for your sane voice! It will hurt their constituents but some @GOP don't appear to care.
They are really just working on a tax cut. They don't want healthcare for all. Don't want to pay for inner city people's care. This is sick
GOP- Party of Vultures with no moral compass.
Is there something we can do to help them?
Disgusting! Please all who read this, call email tweet your Representative and ask them to vote "NO" on the health care bill!
Are leaders who vote for new #ACA bill going to take responsibility when peo with pre-existing conditions cannot get #healthcare @SenToomey
I can't fathom how hard your job has become since January. Why is the GOP intentionally harming people?
What are you doing about H1B Visas???
Thank you for standing up for those in need @SenBobCasey, especially during #MentalHealthAwarenessMonth. #mentalhealthmatters
Appreciate all your efforts. Thank you so much.
I have called my representative in 73rd district Bratt. Call yours 866 426 2631. Put in your zip code I got a direct line to office 
Cause he's a troll up for re-election. Got elected on name only. After listening to him debate I deemed him an idiot, fit right in in DC
No country on earth, the insurance is not right for all ppl especially the rich countries. A rich country like U.S, ppl MUST be covered.
Party of life my ASS!
If they are wayward and ignorant enough to pass it, will it pass the senate as is?
Thank you for speaking out on the GOP misguided revisions to the ACA.  Let's Fix what needs fixing and not replace!
Typical Democrat full of lies and half truths!
Stop lying Senator Casey!  Like Obama keep your Dr. Keep your healthcare!  Wrong and lies!
Seeing is believing! With all do respect Senator, there are a LOT of Senators saying they're working for us, yet nothing's happening!
We have become a complacent society, incl gov't. There has not been this kind of threat to democracy in a long time. Please stand for USA
Go Senator we love you!!!
a YES vote on #AHCA is a sure road home 4 U. Our $ spends in every district & our phones call every district. Vote NO or retire.
Senator Casey, thank you for representing people over $/party. We will remember! House members, vote NO on #AHCA #ResistTrumpCare
Pre existing is covered*   
But only if you have @jimmykimmel money
No, it's not.
Fight! And, convince your PA colleague that he should break with his party on this one so he can truly help constituents!
Disgraceful!
Of course, they need that promised tax break for the wealthy! @SenSanders
Thank you for continuing to fight for your constituents! Please support #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
No argument is needed. No bargaining for votes. NO TRUMP BULLYING. Pre-existing conditions must be included..and where is the CBO score?
Who the hell are you Rodriguez
@HouseGOP is morally bankrupt.
medicaid sucks and the idea that people --who have no idea about it--think its great, is repulsive
Oh, shut up. Democrats got everything they wanted in the spending bill, You socialist, entitled twit.
Really? Know anyone with a condition like an autoimmune disease? Asthma? God forbid cancer? If not, you will. Could even be you someday.
