Victims of sexual assault deserve a Secretary who will stand up for them, not one unwilling to commit to enforcing basic protections.
We’ve come too far and have too far to go on campus sexual assaults to go back to the days of zero accountability. #DeVosHearing
thank you for standing your ground on this issue. DeVos' response = troubling and horrific.
Erika, which constitutional rights shouldn't an accused (assumed innocent) have?
until found guilty an acussed should have all rights, but a victim should have rights as well. That's the rub.
not relitgating this, I said last night Title IX has flaws. The accuser and victim both have rights.
@SenSchumer So she's A okay with rape..nice!
If you were accused of crime, wouldn't you want due process?
I take it that you are 1 of the lucky other 4 women that hasn't been raped. Must be nice @SenBobCasey @SenSchumer
So what would you call the other 4 out of 5 that weren't raped?
Oh so now it's our fault when we get raped. Your mother must be proud & it's 1 in 5 on college campuses...
Thank you for pushing for an answer. This survivor appreciates it.
Using Title IX to deny Due Process rights by fiat is not "enforcing current law on campus sexual assault."
Much was covered up; especially with certain campus groups. Can't protect captain of the hockey team. @sztownsend81 @SenBobCasey
That is the job of the Police and Courts not a University star chamber with no due process. @sztownsend81 @SenBobCasey
"school does not have to wait" for conclusion of criminal proceeding" doesn't mean there are none.  @sztownsend81 @SenBobCasey
If you have a sexual predator on campus w/multiple confirmations, do you just sit back & allow it?  @sztownsend81 @SenBobCasey
They are reported to police & tried outside of college. @sztownsend81 @SenBobCasey
Let me tell you something: if my child was attacked by someone w/multiple sexual assault complaints 1/2 @sztownsend81 @SenBobCasey
thank you for representing this important issue,disappointing that she chooses to focus empathy on the accused&not the victim
Anyone who cares about real victims will have the POLICE investigate, not activist Title IX clerks.
The police ACCUSE the victim BEFORE investigating a rape.
Incorrect.
@SenBobCasey If u think that's incorrect, u don't know jack about this.Sexist ppl/cops don't want to "ruin" the *rapist's* life!
Please don't say that's the ONLY thing you took away. Do the right thing & vote against DeVos.
very pleased with your questions very disappointed with her response. Vote no.
You made clearly made good points with your line of questioning. Thank you.
@clairecmc education nominee is distrastous!!!
@RiseUpAbove: Boo 2 her&her appt. Educ should support religious freedom and equality. Splitting up camps never ensured Equalty
Screw u casey-dems lost 1000 seats-am people voted dems out
do you commit to due process, senator?
Do you believe everyone has rights, including victims of sexual assault?
@BanjoHfuhruhur It was very alarming. Disqualifying, I would think.
: Thank you, Sen. Casey! Please remember to vote NO on DeVos and Sessions and Price, too. America needs strong leadership! =)
you need to get some backbone, join the GOP while at inauguration Dems need stronger representative!
.@SenBobCasey disappointed in you, Bob Casey. The standards are too lax currently under the Dear Colleague letter.
@SenSchumer Betsy DeVos' family foundation has supported organizations that help students accused of rape— not victims.
and? Do they not deserve a proper defense?
Someone who see's only one side, the perpetrators side shouldn't be in charge of all ed.
you honestly think she only sees the accused's side? Cmon now
I have a daughter at Temple. Sexual assault is waaaay down my list of concerns about her education. I live in PA. You're a fool
If that's not a concern, u are sadly mistaken about what it's like for women on college campuses. They're hunting grounds 4 rapists
My dog is more qualified to run that Department than DeVos. And I don't even have a dog.
Oddly enough, the current 'law' supposes guilt without anything other than an allegation.  It is extremely faulty.
LOOK, Y'ALL WILL NOT WIN IN 2018 BECAUSE YOU ARE FULL OF HATE AND DISCONTENT! EVIL WIL NOT PREVAIL!
#DevoesKnowsNothingAboutPublicSchools
how is she even having a hearing? No her tax returns haven't been submitted to the Committee. refusal to extend the hearing.
I wonder would she feel that way if it happened to her. The sad part is she's a woman who claims to be so-called Christian.
Thank you for trying. (Constant Vigilance!)
What in the actual fuck is happening. Republicans afraid for their kids in public restrooms but not in schools???
Makes sense if u know the GOP's hierarchy of bigotry: white Christian male>white male>other male>white women>other women>LGBT @marykathrrryn
@RussellSaylor Grossly unqualified to serve in this position.
thank you for standing up for victims of assault.
He's standing against doing something for these victims
,Trump team prepares dramatic cuts
eliminating , Violence Against Women Grants and the Legal Services 
Are you surprised?
I worked at a DV shelter this is devastating & can not happen!!!!
Just hope your vote reflect your words!
how can she lose when she owns most of the Repubs. When Trump retweets crap from the biggest Charter School owner..we r screwed
She will raid our education budget along w rest of cab raiding our Medicare, polluting & destroying democracy
So will those be that are sexually assaulted
Please block this woman from destroying what's left of Public education @SenBobCasey @prezthentonow
"Disappointed in Ed Sec nominee DeVos." No need to get down in the weeds. This one's visible from outer space.
I wonder who prepped @BetsyDeVos for this hearing? she was hanging on 4 dear life trying to stick to a predetermined script
@Fearonika You meant to say "unsurprised," not "disappointed." Like how I'll be "disappointed" when she's confirmed anyway.
vote no!! #DeVosHearing
I want to know why DeVos/Amway chose Russian Alfa Bank instead of a US bank.
.@SenBobCasey @kevanrijn2 she's not qualified. See that she doesn't get confirmed
@Trumpbits : let's go for something a tad harsher than "disappointed"
I implore you not to confirm DeVos based on her lack of basic knowledge of educational pedagogy!
what?? Get her out now! She is a pathetic candidate!!
What? @SenBobCasey @RonWyden Devos: “If confirmed, I look forward to ... ensuring that the intent of the law is actually carried out..."
@meangirl1 she refused to commit to anything.
@RonWyden #DeVosHearing Please vote against her confirmation.
Unbelievable, but shouldn't be, I guess, for a trump nominee
Thank you for your continued support of your constituents more sane interests. 19026.
vote no on #DeVos. Catastrophically clueless. Completely unqualified
@jonathanjewel what's her issue, not a good pick
She is not capable of performing in this role ! She is not prepared. She is trying to buy the seat. Block her nomination. @realDonaldTrump
@jgfranz55 shut up Hillary bot,  by supporting her, you supported Epstein's island   @bernieorbust , Neolib.
Just agree with the point. Not the person making it. #alwaysbernie
NO F-ING WAY.  Neolib corporate arse kissers like Casey need to be purged from politics.
Wasn't he the one they wouldn't let speak at Dem convention years ago for being "prolife"?
His knowledge of politics akin to a sporting event, cheers for his team ALWAYS, his entertainment. People's lives inconsequential.
Like?
I've got better thing to do than argue with an egg with no profile. Block City for you.
Not surprising given her life mission is to replace public education w/christian ed to "further the kingdom of god". Yet no ?s!

@RonWyden watching C-SPAN when she was on scared me she is utterly and completely unqualified
@jenniferx007 But She's worried about Grizzly attacks. ...Loony Bin Ideas Don't Belong in American Education
so we'll wait 4 your NO vote on confirmation?
she's a swamp monster, just like her leader
That's a pretty mild word. Why aren't you LIVID?
@cathie_peterson And doesn't care about disabled kids.
please...this women CAN NOT be confirmed. NEVER!!
#VoteNO #Obstruct #HALTINAUGURATION #TheResistance
She couldn't answer ANY question. She thought she could get thru on her 'charm'?  Seriously?  Bought 'n' paid for.
- She appears to be absolutely pointless. POINTLESS!
Silly political gamesmanship. Really, do Ds & Rs commit to work together! That's it. Stop partisan trash & tricks. Unappealing.
The cabinet is joke. EPA guy is anti EPA,Edu one is as nti public schools, energy is anti energy,HHS is anti medicare,
@1549321s that lady is awful !  Listened 2 some of hearing. Insane !  #DeVostating
@frankmalone110 until it happens to one of her own, then it'll be a different story
wow!
Thank you for working to protect our public education system.
I am not surprised. She was chosen by Trump who sexually assaults women.
@DonaldJFunk she's the worst!
The more crazy, illegal & awful things that Trump & GOP do to our country, the worse I feel about America's future. @Kashinka @SenBobCasey
@chalcomb001 DeVos is Unfit to be Secretary of Education!
@auntybabs08 of course DeVos didn't! It's always the woman's fault. Right, Betsy?
Disappointed that she is even being considered! Complete lack of knowledge. Hearing was disastrous.
she sick as v. of sa I am disgusted by her
disappointed doesn't come close. What a sad state we have an unapologetic nitwit as the proposed head of education #NOTNORMAL
she did Zero prep for this hearing. I'd be surprised if she even knew there WAS a law. She's had since November to study policy
This retraction request is a warning shot over the bow of the free press. To report without fear of being sued is under attack.
What difference does it make?  The Dept of Education is on the chopping block.  Her job is to eliminate her job. @FartCaptor
Ms Devon is absolutely unqualified to head the Dept of Education. Please vote No. Our sons and daughters deserve better
So you will be voting against?
IN EXPERIENCE - IN ELIGIBLE FOR THE POSITION
Say no on confirmation!  She is not fit to lead our public education.
How much money have you received from teachers unions in your career? how much have teachers unions given to Dems over 20 yrs?
Say NO then.. Point of these hearings is to VET the appointees. She obviously can't do the job then "she's fired"
I think you're confused. Current mandate is not law, it's unconstitutional. Assault cases should be handled by law, not unis
@djmincey11 She is another unqualified corrupt smug billionaire She must not be appointed or our children's education will die
@Tribble_lover 
DeVos is the worst possible nominee. Not only is she wrong on issues but she is stupid too.
@razth Ask her if she approves of the actions of her brother, Erik Prince. https://www.democracynow.org/2017/1/18/scahill_blackwater_founder_erik_prince_the …
please remember that and the grizzly bear remark at the time of your vote.
PLEASE vote NO on DeVos. It's clear from these hearings that she is completely unqualified AND even dangerous to public ed!
@donakaeford It won't make any difference, will it? You won't oppose ANYTHING the Trump regime proposes. I am SO disappointed!
spirit of the law is good. in practice it removes constitutional protections. more excesses by higher ed.
@DoloresWells20 "Disappointed?" How about unacceptable! Your light talk is unacceptable!
It was very disappointing. Her answers spoke volumes.
But, But - the BEARS!
No worries. I got a gun. I can fend them off!
Thank goodness - I was panicked!  Not that we need actual education or anything.....p.s. - you ROCK!  Thanks
Disappointed that you want to set aside rights to push an agenda.
She does not understand we live in a secular nation.
She's dangerous
65 million + Americans, the majority, didn't vote for this non-performance of duty or the Russian pawn who made it possible.
We can't allow them to change it. Filibuster!!! And private citizens must now sue to get what they are due?
Sounds like a local law enforcement issue to me.
Who decides on the rules of order for the hearing? The Chair? @BetsyDeVos was unprepared an unqualified. We must not accept her
Maybe you @SenBobCasey needed to identify which category it fell into...??
thank you
Disappointed to say the least that not a single Senator will join the 60+ Reps boycotting Inauguration.
NICE ONE!!!!
Obama Title IX policy denies due process to accused (primarily men) as has been shown in court over and over and over again.
@lburbo but she will be the one she must make up the $ 200 millions plus   tax free of course.
Her family is and continues to fund Gov. Snyder who poisoned an entire city  #flintwatercrisis
@clairecmc Vote No on secretary of Education she's going to destroy public education
@scollan_ruth may be all co-eds should carry guns? Especially where grizzlies run rampant on campus
as these hearings go on, can this get worse?? Stand fast Senator. The Children of America depend on you and your colleagues.
.@SenBobCasey There are many red flags with her. Please vote against confirmation. @smokeyvera
Stop Dems with weak words like "disappointed." Outrage is the proper response. It's worked 4 GOP when there was no reason. This is y we lose
She is pretty frightening to listen to 
say what you want about bill Clinton, this sort of thing didn't happen on his watch.
trumps people universally refuse to commit to enforcing sex assault law. because said laws would indict their boss
@Richardafowler Perhaps because it is a LAW ENFORCEMENT ISSUE, not suitable for campus security to handle alone.
You mean Obama's edict that stripped DUE PROCESS from the accused? That rule? A campus is not EXEMPT from LAW.
@rachology216 Good.
She's a disgrace to women in every way possible!
@SenateDems that's kind of funny coming from the party of Bill Clinton???
@HouseGOP #NoDevos she is a slap in the face of the  -This is our heritage - our #1 assets - our children - we can do better
SHE STINKS.
@bizacco Wow 
then don't confirm
just say no!
@emoleary this is the job of law enforcement not title IX kangaroo campus courts.
agreed but, due process must not be compromised in any way.
current "law"  or random letters sent out by beaurocrats with no legislative backing?
@Smith83K She failed to commit to following any of the laws.  Seriously????  This person will lead our education system?? Ugh
@Smith83K vote against her, Sessions , in fact all of Trumps Empire of Brown shirts
Democrats have been ignoring Federal Laws and creating a mess in our colleges for decades.  Our children are failing.
@saibellanyc please don't confirm her-our kids are depending on you to stand up for them. #DumpDevos #notqualified
She is anti education and pro creationism. I know people that work at tacobell who are more qualified if she is confirmedGOP is compromised
@SenateDems Ehat! She is a nut! As a teacher, she scares me. Wouldn't want her near my students or me!
@FredPecora  Among other things. Spongebob has more experience than DeVos.At least he communicates with his teacher Mrs.Puff
@brittanpetty Opened Twitter JUST to comment on the #DeVosHearing
@morganarae she seems to be not altogether there or in a different place/mission w/ dif agenda. Scary!
wow....  DeVos is unbelievable.  Of course, Donnie probably paid her not to commit, so he could do some grabbin'.
Please Vote No on DeVos. She would destroy public education & undermine teachers unions.
.@SenBobCasey This is not the responsibility of #EdDept ... responsibility of #DOJ! 
Eliminate TitleIX!
Appalling.
what law? What constitutionally protected due process? #DearColleague
Someone should have asked how many committee members she gave campaign $$ to... #indivisible
she was completely clueless; total embarrassment
@ofthestardust Likelihood she was unaware that a law existed regarding on campus sexual assault?
mix religion w/public funds so-how R all combined red flags NOT enough 4 refusal?Want conflicts laid out. Motives. Weaknesses..
She must not be confirmed. Hearing what she said today - it's clearer than ever.
..of basic student achievement measurements/teacher evals-per Franken- she has history of plan to resegregate thru charter and
..move forward when her paperwork incomplete? Complaining does nothing but get it on record! Refuse! She has no understanding..
More than disappointing! Congress knows the abhorrent victimization that goes on at campuses! Plus-how can u allow hearing 2 ..
Yet spend >=billions re: sanctaury city deports. (¿Put bill, even for non-Mexicans, on Mexico's "tab of things we don't....
Odd I heard her say this issue has to be addressed
She's not qualified........
Senator- will ANY R's speak up and get people to reject her? What is happening to our country??
@Kris_Sacrebleu guess u were upset that PA went for Trump.
That's the LEAST of her outrageous beliefs, and that's entirely outrageous.
Not to mention that she is unfit to serve.
To be fair, she probably didn't understand it.
there r reasons to oppose Betsy. No experience is a good one.U need to do ur homework on T9 as you r confused on its content
Staggeringly false statement.
expanded definition of Sex asslt and curtailed rights for accused is something that should be anathema...even to you
If you are referring to DCL 2011' it's not law. DOE and OCR have stated that. Do not mislead people
Ask her about her goal of putting God in every classroom and expanding "the kingdom".
Thank you for that question. Either she didn't get it, doesn't support it or doesn't care. Quite sure it's all three
@mjlindbergphd FILIBUSTER. HER. ASS.
Thank you for your efforts!  YOU are my senator.
Pls pls find a way to stop this. An entire generation of kids counting on you  #DeVosHearing @SenBobCasey @SenateDems
Pick a little, Talk a little........
I am too as a survivor & former #highered staff member-we need Title IX! #DeVosHearing #DearBetsy #TitleIX
@crlynmarie387 How is that even controversial?! Damnit, is there nothing that the GOP won't say no to?
TY for your courage, truly an unqualified candidate
that's disappointing but I'm not surprised
@TrumpGrille l She needs to sit in that chair at least as long as my 5th graders do!
Please vote against her.
@timKaine @SenFranken Vote NO Betsy DeVos. Enforce current law on campus Sexual Assault! #education #teaching is
SenBobCasey is an MT suite, a great pile of nothing really
Disappointed you're going to the inauguration. Stand up for John Lewis. Stay home.
I'm disappointed that you throw around bogus statistics and continue to insist that campuses are dangerous war-zones
Because it's a foolish law, Senator, and runs roughshod over due process. Your demagoguery on this issue is disappointing.
Please support DeVos nomination, Senator Casey. She will promote good education for all young people.
Is DeVos's Xtian belief that if a man wants 2 deposit his seed, a woman must "Spread'em!" Rape's a form of Contraception - Ryan
Disappointing--no, shocking. Guess she's ok w/ campus rapes and letting perps walk, esp if they're star athletes.
Aren't laws those things the congress votes on, then are signed by the president? #HolyCrossEducation
