U.S. judge temporarily blocks Trump's travel ban; ruling is effective nationwide http://wapo.st/2jIzyxE 
it's not unconstitutional it's just a liberal judge's order"......
Aren't you at all concerned, as a legislator, that a judge would issue an opinion and supply no reasoning for it?
you support this in America? Insanity.
@washingtonpost oh so Obama's executive orders well we will let them slide, don't want to look racist or anything!
how can it be unconstitutional for someone who isn't an american citizen?
@washingtonpost What's a surprise is that you keep getting elected after constantly misrepresenting your constituents.
make US a Mullins  caliphate. When  the evil start,  am sure  you and  your  children  will be  safe  in your bunkers .
@Sunnysgrl62  its both illegal and unconstitutional
America *needs* him impeached!
You're out in 2 years. Obstructionist Dems are done
fake news. Ur a lawyer aren't u? Out in '18
Impeach Trump
Thanks for opposing De Vos!!!!
Very prominent legal liberal scholars disagree with you...Dershowitz, Turley. I'd rather be safe. You don't help.We'll remember
@washingtonpost @jjouvenal Of course not! &the ego has not given the law a thought,b/c he "knows" he is law. May law prevail!
unconstitutional enough to impeach him?
by a liberal activist Washington State judge. No!
Not surprising. It was also terribly UnAmerican. Not who we are!!
The President is mentally unstable - ACT !! #25thAmendment
Maybe you should read the consitution before you comment on what is or isn't constitutional
weird, apparently a Boston judge disagrees
please stop. Go count your money. You are amazing at that.
, lets see if we feel this excited if a terrorist hits us!!!!  Remember PA voted republican next time your up for election.
vroom vroom nah  Sen. Casey!
just ignore the idiots, the real americans will vote 4 u. Ignorance is alive in PA, along w/kkk, sighs.
when you leave  office after  your  service, will  you  look  back  & say you have done a good  job.?  INTEGRITY  is important
thank you thank you thank you for seeing Trump for what he is   I'm very proud to call you my senator
Right, Trump showed his "INTENT" was to ban a religious group during campaign, while signing, and after calling it a ban.
thank you Senator. @SenToomey silence is cowardly. And #VoteNoDevos
Wrong, maybe and No. Why do Democrats always put political agenda ahead of what's best for America?
I am pretty sure the the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 remains in effect today
You value PC over American lives. You and you ilk will be voted out.
By ONE judge.  Its not going to last, Bobbo.  It will be reinstated by a higher court.  Enjoy your 'temporary' victory.  Lol
so it's a temporary block on a temporary ban......funny the choice of wording
@gripemaster @washingtonpost @amarimow Keep fighting for us! Make sure to get some rest too, we need you.
by some left wing activist judge   Joke
so glad there's people who will do the right thing!
thank you Senator for continuing to fight for justice
now all band togeather and get rid of #Bannon
@AB_Owl Do everything/anything to stop #DisTrumpia
didnt these judges learn yet? Mess with big Popa FIRED! I they will be gone by tomorrow!
Tell me again how this unnecessary distraction is creating jobs, ensuring healthcare, improving schools, stemming crime,etc???
i agree totally. That is why we elected Trump and why we want congress to stop being asses and work with him. THX
The Constituion shouldnt be changed, altered, or made to say what one thinks it should be.
Terrible
no one will disagree with you on that point. Well said. Thx
The laws and how things have taken place in todays time, good and bad.
Everyone has made a mess out of the constituiton, why?
to do just what you said- to make it fit what they wanted.
A judge or ppl who want to make the Consitituion say this is or that.
What a joke. 
Our founding fathers wouldnt agree with
To say what ever he wanted to say. Said there is to many loop holds in it. So whos to say what the law really is?
at some point, the Supreme Court will probably take a stand.
Unconstitution by what means? Because a judge said so? Look at the past rulings by Obama, he made the constitution
obviously you don't get what this is about. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain
It wasn't found to be broadly unconstitutional. This is a TRO, not a ruling on the merit of the EO.
Got over turned
YES!! So glad one PA senator is representing!!
he is representing his next campaign run orrrr he is getting ready for something bigger than his current job????
And when he goes full Authoritarian and tells custom officials and local law enforcement to enforce his EO anyway?
The POTUS is the one to be banned
There are so many bombshells, keep observant & press on! Thank you '
Problem is he cancelled visas.   They can't get in without reapplying.   Sad.
U might be a little premature on that.
hey bob I think a bag of donuts are gonna beat you in 18
keep up the fight Senator!
IMPEACH
impeach Bob? But why, he is working so hard for us?
So you Are saying we are Safe without Extreme Vetting.  Or you do not like the Roll out ?  Extreme Vetting needs to be LAW
have you even read the damn constitution Casey?
the surprise is that it made it out of oval at all? Who is watching that fool? Congress better step up to keep him in line !
The 7 countries are same ones that Obama identified "of particular concern" &  bombed 5 of them.Did Obama make bad decision?
Democracy in action.
but will they actually cease and respect this ruling?
I have my doubts. They don't seem to care if anything they do is even legal or not so far.
I bet you lock your doors at night. What's wrong with locking America's door temporarily while we sort this out?
And people DIED because of a different terribly managed order, okay'd by the idiot who refuses security briefs.
who died peach?
I will march for #impeachment anyday anywhere, proudly marched @womensmarch & will march @taxmarch #MoralMarch @ScienceMarchDC
March your ass to the Iran embassy  an ask for there help
*their.  And diverse viewpoints are always welcome in my country!
nope
what can Congress do about this?
no surprise. Cue the whining and blame shifting
That's a step in the right direction! Unfortunately, aren't there 60,000+ visas that are gone too?
good. Now lets get 60000 more and send em back!
Such good news!
lets see if it sticks
Bob.....bob campaign Bob
bob is working on his next campaign. But will it be Senator??? Governor?? Or President Casey??? It is one of these
I'm thinking his head is getting pretty fat and going for president. Term over in 2018. Two years to make a run
God help us. We are screwed if that happens.
When can we get these guys out of there? This is ridiculous. Please help.
2020 at the earliest. Most of us hoping not for at least 4 more followed by others just like him for 8 or 16 more!
Why wasn't it unconstitutional in 2011? 
O didn't abide by judges orders, why should T be expected to?
great point. Your thoughts Bobby Jr.?
Has the road to impeachment begun yet?
for who Bob? Not sure you can impeach a senator. Never heard of it. They usually just go off in shame.
don't spread false news. The Supreme Court hasn't made any ruling on this
@onahunttoday Trump should be forced to re-validate all visas he canceled ILLEGALLY.
You should move to Iran
you mean obamas?
