GOP chairman declares bipartisan ObamaCare fix dead as repeal bill gains steam http://hill.cm/FbqDFgV  
GOP cares nothing about  people! If they did they would'nt pass a bill that allows insurance companies to raise rates than most can't afford
I'm gonna guess that was just to keep everyone busy and distracted.
If GOP was for the people they would WORK TO FIX ACA WHICH IS MUCH BETTER THAN NEW GOP'S AWFUL HEALTH PLAN LEAVING MILLIONS WITHOUT COVERAGE
Can someone tell me why @GOP are so vehemently against any hint of #bipartisanship? We're supposed to be the "United" States of #America
Yeah...why on earth would we want a government that actually functions? 
It's not nearly as frustrating as you not doing your job because you are always on twitter. Being trillions in debt is really frustrating.
You rep must be named @SenToomey. He doesn't think you are his boss, but the other way around.
No it's @RepLarryBucshon . Every single coal mine in Indiana is in his district.
Stand your ground ,  fix what's broken,  don't let them take our healthcare, it works, fix what's not, affordable  for all!
the racist republicans don't anyone but a white guy doing something for America
BS
They only have 1 agenda, destruction. Stop speaking like they are even at the table with us. #TrumpTraitorTrain only wants 2 Erase O.
What?  Dems and GOP working together for the betterment of average Americans?  We can't have that! *sarcasm intensifies*
Hey Bob you had 8 years to fix the mess YOU made under obama maybe you should have taken the lead to repair it and represent us in PA
If that "fix" doesn't include a PUBLIC OPTION, then you're really protecting your Donors while trying 2 score political points. Grow a pair
There is no such thing as #bipartisan with the current #GOP leadership. There is #American and #unamerican. #healthcarebill
GOP is willing to kick America under the bus for any legislative win.
But then Mitch and the boys wouldn't get the 400 million from the Kochs. This is not about healthcare it's about power. GOP is keeping it.
And yet the Rs will complain that Ds have no ideas. This whole "process" makes me sick. A return to democracy would be nice. 18974
@BillCassidy …And you call  yourself a doctor.  “DO NO HARM. “  #GrahamCassidy
Why fix Obamacare - you said it is so great???
The Dems have never tried to fix anything with this administration or congress. Pathetic liar.
Are th GOP members you are working with on a bipartisan fix willing to vote no on this to give you more time?
Vote all republicans out 2018 and 2020
The white supremacist @realDonaldTrump doesn't want Obamacare/ACA fixed! Of course not! That would be keeping the great @BarackObama legacy
Bipartisan progress is the *last* thing McConnell wants. Party warfare is what keeps him in power.
GOP = Criminals
I included that in my letter to my Senator @marcorubio - it was finally happening: bipartisanship! And then @SenateMajLdr pulled this crap.
a clear sign that this is ONLY about politics, not about people's lives and their healthcare. Sad truth.
The GOP should be charged with hate crimes against the sick.
#GOPHatesAmerica
Which GOP senators should we call to push them over to a "no" vote? I've left message for Toomey, but don't trust him to do right thing.
Because  Senator  Casey  works for Pennsylvanians.
Stop the GOP  in their tracks.
@thehill One can't trust Repubs in Congress. PERIOD!
Berniecare Now Let No One Behind!
GOP wants to put down existing ACA at any cost instead of working together for the people of this country. Where has their moral fiber gone?
I'm still rooting for you.
I'm so relieved PA has a senator with an actual brain and heart. Thanks, Bob, keep it up!
The #KochBrothers coffers are closed until they get some ROI, GOP Congress wants that donor money, they've got a real #KochProblem
The Koch brothers will terminate their their payments to the Republicans if they don't gut Medicaid. But no one talks about that on msm.
McConnell still needs to go! One more loss and his ouster is complete!
Bipartisan is the way things should be.
There's something about this very old turtle that nauseates me. I know. . It's his chin no his neck or is it that he is a creep grifting 
The aca was designed to be a step to single payer. Bad idea from start
Sen. Casey, please put together a delegation to go tell trump that this horrible bill does NOT cover pre-existing conditions in most states.
Agreed, so why don't you vote no and press on with pipartisan work.....vote no.
#pureEVIL #GOP
Yea well @GOP really truly don’t care, so despicable
#loser #cheat #McConnell
#Trumpcare
.They are Koch addicts and have been cut off cold turkey.
Repeal the insurance companies CEO salary and bonuses. Millions of dollars while average workers suffer
@SenToomey, @senboncasey, Toomey, please follow majority of America and PA in opposing this bill!
So you say?
This makes me physically sick. 
Single. Payer.
You're not doing anything new!
The GOP is scared to death of their overlord Trump.
@GOP is forcing an abomination on the public for their profiteering donors have more to give them. #MakeAmericaGroanAgain
What progress were you making Bob? When we have the same health care as you then you can call it progress.
Conservatives that vote for this bill cannot say in the future that they are Pro-Life as children born w pre-existing conditions are at risk
They don’t care
When you half the country footing the bill while not being able to use their plan due to deductible-it is a failure. Complete repeal
The Amish are going to vote you out of office...pretty much says it all
Should have known Hillary wouldn't win! You should've been working for the American people long before this!
McConnell should retire now while he is still able to enjoy retirement.
@ari Melber
Good people of #Kentucky why did you inflict #mitchmcconell on us?
You should all be ashamed of yourselves. You are interested in your pride not the American people. Elections matter
Too bad. We the people want #SinglePayerNow insurance companies can goto hell.
You haven't been right about anything in years and this is no different. U must be tone deaf when it comes to what ur constituents want.
No, Senator, I believe that the actual policy and the haste of this process are neck-and-neck for the "most frustrating thing" prize.
You know they'll try 2 sneak another attempt in the future? It's their MO - claim it's dead but work behind the scenes to keep it alive.
GOP doesn't want bipartisan (that would be to much like right) bc it won't cover tax cuts for the rich. GOP is all about $$ not Americans
Cowards
Koch bros trying to put an end to that.
They never wanted a bipartisanship plan. They're far too extreme for that.
Can we agree that for R's this isn't about health care. It's about money to fund tax cuts for corps and the wealthy.
Also, #foehunnedbill
I was looking forward to that solution.  High confidence in Sens. Alexander & Murray.
GOP had no intention of putting a bipartisan healthcare plan. Incredible BS artists. Are completely amoral w/ there plan. Death to Americans
That's awful. The majority wants a bipartisan fix. He's the worst & needs to go.
Is there no appeals to their common decency and humanity that can be done? At the very least, is there no horse trading that can be done?
I'd be scared as hell for my safety voting to take away healthcare from millions all it takes is for one person w cancer and nothing 2 lose
If existing conditions aren't covered it will continue to raise everyone else's costs. We all pay one way or another, do the right thing
Seriously ?  Are you listening g to any of your colleagues?
so Senator Casey go and be a man and push back and demand the continued push forward on fixing the ACA! Don't just give up fight harder!!
Senator Casey has been fighting the appeal since the beginning. If only Toomey would put people ahead of party.
Toomey is owned by the Koch bros. That's why they want to kill the ACA. Koch hate it
I wonder why.
#Koch
The Republican party is going to be DEAD @SenateMajLdr
@SenAlexander has sold us out now. We'll be stepping up in 2020 in East TN to make sure he pays for this and goes out with a loss.
They hate BHO. Wonder why?
@thehill #TheBeat People don't listen, @SenateMajLdr ordered my Senator @PattyMurray & @SenBobCasey to end their committee. It didn't fail!
First step should have included ending all subsidies then went from there
When their first HC bill failed, Ryan said after 8 yrs of obstructing they're not used 2 governing. Still haven't learned. #noGrahamCassidy
#repealobamacare
Very #sad to hear this, seems the #GoP may have been pushed by outside forces once again not to compromise but to #deconstruct. #ConJob
Ha ha why didn't you do a bipartisan approach to Obama Casey care. You told the reps we won will do what we want. Obstructionist
GOP killed it. McConnell had been the worst thing that has ever entered politics.
Yeah right! You wouldn't know bipartisanship if it bit you in the butt! #RepealAndReplace #GrahamCassidy
They are the deathcare party that only believes in obstruction, not bipartisan governing.  Repulsive.
Keep up with the discussions.  Never quit.
@thehill #TheBeat @SenateMajLdr is the most vile snake. Could've stop with stealing #SCOTUS seat; but just keeps on going.
Actually, the most frustrating thing is fearing we may lose our ability to receive healthcare. You know, OUR HEALTHCARE.
Give the people the same HC you have or be forced to take HC you want to give them
Count on @SenateMajLdr to do the wrong thing for the average American.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey for putting PEOPLE FIRST!!!!!
McConnell is a disease on the Senate.
Well we can't have THAT!
Sorry, but why did they comply?
ACA still leaves MILLIONS uninsured & many who have coverage can't afford to use it when they need to. There's a better way. #MedicareForAll
McTurtle is hostile to bipartisanship. Party over country forever. Most Americans WANT their reps to work together & compromise.
GOP doesn't want to fix anything. For them it's always party over country. They're core will not be enough to sustain them for long
So what you're saying is that they're lying? They do that?
Frankly, I don't appreciate them pulling you away from focusing on that to have to help kill this bill AGAIN. How about working with you?? 
