Because the closer you look at DeVos the more obvious it is that she's completely unqualified for this job.  #DeVosHearing
As former educator in Reading, PA, I strongly urge you to oppose this nominee.
Because DeVos showed how horribly unqualified she is. GOP doesn't want to accentuate with more proof.
because it doesn't matter what she says. You'll vote no. So why waste time?
because you lost the elections and have no power anymore, thank God
Your constituents want #DeVos so we better see you approve her selection. These questions you ask are ridiculous.
Have you watched her hearing?  It was truly painful. This is a non-partisan assessment. She is not prepared.
Yes I watched it and I find that she was under fire from the liberals before she even came in. She will do well.
She said enough to show she's unqualified. Thank you for your decision not to confirm!
I have children starting to enter the realm of public education in PA. I am highly concerned.
The easy answer is that the Republicans are afraid that the candidates aren't acceptable 4 the positions & won't pass scrutiny!
U're the elected official! Aren't u being paid well to take care of that? We're just citizens whose vote means zero
do not attend the inauguration. VERONA, PA. 15147
Especially since education was not mentioned one time during ANY of the 3 presidential debates. Needed a second round of Q's.
Did you hear creepy Pence? They want to "fast track" all this stuff, and plenty of legislators are enabling him.
Because she's not qualified but she did pay for the job...smh
Thank you for representing my concerns, and those of women at the #DeVosHearing , even though @SenatorIsakson 's state.
Excellent question. If they can't handle a hearing, how will they run entire branches of the government? #DeVosHearing
Because the Chair knows Betsy #DeVos is overwhelmingly under-qualified.
#DeVosHearing
It seems that even as short as they tried to make the hearing.  You discovered everything you need to know.
Thank you for representing PA constituents during DeVos hearing, we appreciate it! Tell @SenAlexander that the people want a 2nd round!
Using Title IX to sidestep due process rights and privatize justice system is a mistake. Facts matter,@SenBobCasey https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K0mzqL50I-w …
she's clearly unqualified and is not actually answering questions. Please do not allow her to rule education in our country
#wewanttoknowwhytoo
we are tired of you liberals crying go play with some play dough
@SaveMain_St
@wthrockmorton longer than arne Duncan's.
Arne Duncan is a career educator; Betsy DeVos has never been in a classroom. 1/2
because they know she is unqualified and corrupt to the core, and she just might actually say what she truly believes.
Because Obama/Hillary Democrats are weak & always roll over?
No need to hear more..DeVos is SO unqualified. Did she even complete the vetting process? Reject her nomination!#DeVosHearing
@SaveMain_St because CNN didn't bring her all the answers
I watched every moment, Sir!Good Job. She was rattled; has no business in setting Constitutional Policy.

stop it from being cut short.  we, the people, are watching.
can you ask her what families are to do who can't afford the difference between voucher and tuition?
@suzygeiger cuz she PAID him and 7 other members to to so.
@instinctnaturel BOYCOTT THIS INAUGURATION  Stand up for us!
You CANNOT let DeVos run Education. This is a nightmare. She is anti-public schools & anti-science! @BetsyDeVos #DumpDevos
I'm requesting that you not attend the inaugural. Thanks. A Pennsylvanian voter
She doesn't even understand how IDEA works. If she can't do the interview she shouldn't get the job! #DeVosHearing
@lafloran They don't want her to talk too much. She paid for that seat there but no to talk. That would be another 200m.
Thank you for supporting a second round of questions.
Already about 50% longer than both of Obama's nominees including the first with the then "New Administration".
This hearing went an hour longer than Obama nominee hearings. Tell the truth. Your dad would. #DeVosHearing
Becasue she is an embarrassment they can't hide fast enough b4 selecting her! We are In Trouble!
that was a shame. Watched on #cspan
We all have that question. Can you get us the chairman's contact info so we can give him a call?

@JustWhatNowWhy because the Repubs know she's not qualified, please DO NOT confirm her
I think we should have a second round just to be thorough.
You should be cut short.  This was a tit-for-tat...what is good for the goose, etc.
thank you Sen. Casey! More questions, more answers. This job is too important to rush.
Dah!!
@SaveMain_St DeVos is against public education but many on the nom review committee have rec'd DeVos funds.
@SenAlexander I agree. As one of your constituents, I wanted to hear more. You work for the people. Sen Alexander must not know
Thank u 4 being a sane voice @SenBobCasey!
@SaveMain_St   Can you spell $$$$$$$?!?
because @SenAlexander has a weak nominee (DeVos) who is incapable of handling serious questions
Because she is CLEARLY unqualified, and expects to get what she PAID for. @SenBobCasey @1982JJessin
Getting into college requires more paperwork and interviews. She seems to think we can all just staple big checks to admissions
don't complain, do something about it
because she is convinced bears are roaming freely in our nation's schools, time for her meds
thank you!  Please don't give up.  Your  constituents are counting on you!
Absolutely. I was served very well by PA’s public school system and it’s important to ensure that others get the same chance.
Because there is so much to expose and the GOP can't handle it!
why are you tweeting during a hearing, do your job
Because she's going to pass.. you're just bloviating
please keep trying to push for a thorough hearing. She can't even answer basic questions about education. I'm sick
The people r going 2 revolt w/the way things r going. Students of public schools built this nation!
Well, sir, we'd dearly love to know, but you're in a far better place to find out than we are.
Totally agree.
More importantly, it's public education and our children will be affected by outcome.  We don't want public funds diverted.
because she is not capable and senator Alexander is trying to cut it off that's why p.s. Obamas current secty has PHD in ed
Thank you Senator Casey.  Makes me proud to live in PA... #DeVosHearing
@PADems
EXACTLY!!!!!!!!
