wrong...  not equal to a citizen we want National Security...#AmericaFirst
according to the constitution anyone on US soil is equal to a citizen
once they're here but not having the right to come in to the US #nationalsecurity
They were here. They were visa and green card holders.
so they were detained for awhile not big deal
Denied the right to an attorney and the right to see a judge is a huge deal.
could have rolled out better... but doesn't change the need for this Temporary Executive Order
We have the toughest immigration laws in the world. North Korea has laxer laws.  There is no need at all.

No one from any of the countries under the ban has ever attacked an American on American soil. No reason for ban.
bs they lie and you listen.
I found my info in SEVEN different places because I like to check my sources, do research, and be informed.
i just sent u others. Do your own research. There are many attacks and common since 1972
Home-grown terrorists have been here since forever. #OMGYouAreDumb

terrorist are literally in MY city. NO
ffs breitbarts isn't news it's propaganda.
and you're brainwashed to think that.
@Alt_DeptofED thank you ♡
No Bannon, no wall.  Pls demand he appear before you for confirmation. https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/50/3021 … #confirmbannon
Majority of Americans are with the @POTUS
Obama, Clinton and Carter all had times that our borders were closed to certain groups, SHAME on you!
look everyone it's the lady who yesterday was saying the mosque shooter was a "filthy Muslim", let's listen to her.
and you would be a liar. I never said filthy Muslim. I said Muslim as that was what reports said. .
actively fighting to bring terrorist to your town.
nope
Fair and equal treatment for ALL refugees would be a new thing and should include Christian refugees. 
http://www.newsweek.com/us-bars-christian-not-muslim-refugees-syria-497494 …
You are seriously uneducated in current world facts.
get @SenToomey on board
they r
We need to vote this clown out of office
I want the homeless and vets taken care of first
Thank you! I'm sorry I wasn't down there to #photograph the #protest.  #LetThemIn #Refugees #MakeAmericaSaneAgain #NoBanNoWall
@NikitaKitty Stop it.WE dont want to become anbother Germany,Frqance,Sweden.ISIS comes in the form of refugees.Wake up idiots
yea but not Muslim extemist masquarading as refugees! Look around see what's happened in Paris, Germany and here? Get a clue
Thank you for standing up for us all Senator!
Thank you for demonstrating what integrity and principles looks like.
@Adamitv Ya think?
Just remember that the Rs got elected because they obstructed for 8 years!! Ds should follow their handbook!
Stay strong; we are SO proud of you!
stop executive branch from dismantling our system. Get Arrest warrants on the individual CBP agents who refuse court orders
I want them to be LEGAL and NOT have the right to push their trafitions/culture on us...
Thanks!
Maybe you would think different if there was a terror attack in your neighborhood.Americans want protection.
We want Americans treated fairly&We want to be protected from threats.Senators don't defend Americans should not be in office
we want to treat them fairly. But it would be a lot easier to give aid to them in a place where there is comfortable and empty
housing perhaps in a environment they are familiar with, in a culture they are familiar with and maybe in a place that isn't
doing their fair share, what am I describing? Saudi Arabia
PA veterans want the same but you seem more interested in catching headlines then taking care of your constituents. #mediawhore
Then why did Congress give this authority of POTUS?
no this is our country not a right to them
thank you for coming out! I stood there with you though back in the crowd we couldn't hear unfortunately.

America Watch! Very Informative
Muslim activist explains why she supports extreme vetting http://video.foxnews.com/v/5301925722001/ …
@AlwaysIntegrity #dtmag
It's pretty simple, non-virtue signalling citizens want to not be killed or raped by refugees who can't be vetted.
I'm in PA and can't wait to vote you out. #BuildtheWall
thank you Senator for being our voice of light in this dark time. #mysenator
And you wonder why you lost. Clueless.
Yes! Thank you!!!
nope
a little patience like waiting 3 years to come in?
thank you!!!!
senator so long as they enter legally. Other than legal entry there is no option. Immigrants are welcome ALA they are  legal.
thank you Senator Casey
This Pennsylvanian thanks you! #NoBanNoWall
Thank You for the video Senpai. Glad to know you support the other senpais.
thank you for being there for us.
Thank you, Senator.  Has anyone found @SenToomey yet.  He is hiding.  What a chicken.
no per polls, majority of Americans are in favor of exec order, even CNN polls say so
Please see @AC360 report on Hazleton PA diner and views on immigration-you must dispel the paranoia! @chrislhayes @ChrisCuomo
Who are you to speak for Americans.  I don't know one person who wants refugees to go unvetted... There is no #MuslimBan
thank you from a PA voter!!!
as a constituent and active duty service member I am so proud to have you represent me in the Senate. Keep up the fight!
thank you Sir
Proud that you are a PA Senator. Wish you were mine. Your father would be so proud.
Thank you for representing us. So proud of you!
huh don't you work for Americans? But you don't want to make sure Amercans safe? Huh Who are you really working for? #Traitor?
You will be voted out!  remember this! We in P.A voted for @realDonaldTrump 4 a reason! #NOTMYSENATOR #TRUTH #REALITY
Dame right get him out
no worries 2 things about us Pennsylvanians we cling to our guns&bibles Casey will be gone!
Just the best vetting you can offer-certainly do not want to re-live 9/11
the attackers from 911 were from countries that are not on this Muslim ban.
That viscous terrorist  act inspires futures terrorist
I had people die there so STHU
America Watch! Very Informative
Muslim activist explains why she supports extreme vetting http://video.foxnews.com/v/5301925722001/ …
@AlwaysIntegrity #dtmag

[Video] US Muslim Leader At Chicago Conference: “Islam Is Here To Dominate” - http://freedomsfinalstand.com/video-us-muslim-leader-chicago-conference-islam-dominate/ … @AlwaysIntegrity

Top U.S. Muslim Imam “I Promise, This Country WILL Become A Muslim Country” - http://freedomsfinalstand.com/top-u-s-muslim-imam-promise-country-will-become-muslim-country/ … @AlwaysIntegrity
@AltMtRainier seems simple to me #nationofimmigrants #nobannowall #standuptotrump
@Alt_DeptofED Thank you, Sen Casey!
thank you for speaking out
@damonbethea1 Taking the gloves off! Thanks, Senator!
Thank you for standing up. Please do all your can to help stop ban.
invite  them to live with you
Thank you for openly n strongly supporting the cause of refugees and immigrants. #NoBanNoWall
PA citizens thank you for speaking up and speaking out. We are still waiting on @SenToomey to say something.
He did he supported  Trump
great! Now can you talk to @SenToomey ? Orishe avoiding you too?
thank you for standing up for refugees #NoBanNoWall
Thank you for supporting fair treatment for refugees. Holding you in the Light.
#NoBanNoWall  Beware misdirection.  Trump may be planning on removing Russian sanctions in a quid pro quo.
@AltMtRainier Thank you Senator Casey!
@AltMtRainier
According to the polls Americans actually support the ban....
You voted for obama when he did the same in 2015 why oppose now
Thank you Senator!  We need your leadership!  Please continue to make our voices heard!  I will continue to vote for you! 
Yep pretty simple. Keep it up Senator, this is why lose at the ballot box.
I am impressed and thankful for your support in fighting this EO and for voting against his appointments.
Your bold leadership proves that you are a man for and with others. Your fellow Saders are so proud of you. Thank you.
Thank You!!! You will have my vote again!
Thank you, Senator!
Ad Altiora Natus. I am really proud right.  Thanks.
We Let In About 750,000 Immigrants A year Legally. It's Your Job To Know What The Majority Of The American People Want
.@SenBobCasey Follow Schumer's lead. Vote NO on all remaining cabinet picks. Unless you WANT a primary challenger in 2018? #votenosessions
exactly. #midtermelections
@SenToomey
Refugees in PA is fine but know Germany's hot mess. Locate refugees in your community & then speak.
"Assimilation".
Bob Casey 2020
They also need to be the first ones to step up and protest  islamic Terrorism  If they did that more people would welcome them
thank you for representing Pa so well!! Im honored to have you out there with us!
there is no problem with vetting  Everybody forgets 09/11     learn from other countries.    I have NO problem having them here
We also want to save our country from the Facists in the White House. 
What are the elected officials doing to save us?
380 terrorist between 2001 & 2014. 40 were refugees. No more!
nope
Thank you Senator!!! 
I was thrilled to see you all there speaking for all Americans and refugees. Stay vigilant and God bless.
Does not speak for all Americans
#Buildthewall
thank you Senator Casey please stand against tyranny and racism. Reject Jeff sessions. #NoBanNoWall Reject Tillerson! He=oil
. Americans want made members of organised political power cartels to go away anyway to anywhere.
#nobannowall  #nobannonnowall #stopsessions #StopDeVos Thanks for fighting Sen. Casey.
As a Pittsburgh resident, THANK YOU! @SenBobCasey
Thank you, @SenBobCasey. We'll buy the next round of #coffee.
Thank You! Sen Casey
I'm quite proud to be one of your constituents. Thank you, Senator Casey.
Thank you for doing the right thing and standing up to this demagogue.
It's even simpler - Trump may be an asshole, but we want the world to know that WE ARE NOT. #NoBanNoWall
Im a PA voter. We will remember how you handle Trumps orders and nominees. Vote NO or else. 2018
Thank you!
@realDonaldTrump So do you want to also hand out free AK47's & truck keys Senator?And why do you hate American workers so much?
Senator, why do you hate American workers? Perhaps you are a globalist elitist establishment school!
Sadly Senator, you are not you Father's son when it comes to caring for American workers & middle class.Shame!
What the heck do any of your Tweets have to do with his tweet?
thank you for your leadership
Thank you for all you're doing, Senator.
Please vote against Sessions and the other cabinet nominees.
Thank you for your efforts.
Thank you so much Senator! I am proud to have voted for you, and I will proudly continue to do so if you keep this action up!
