Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
the same needs to happen for Hillary and the Russian uranium company. Hmmmmm ?
Exactly. We know Podesta's character. Thks Wikileaks (this one time) I don't sup WK's Intel leaks. #MAGA
@TeslaIndy Trump won Pennsylvania. Your routine of badgering, obstructing and complaining about him are getting old.
Agreed.Harming US. Let Us Mend.Move forward. B a grt nation again. Pls stop obstructing Sen Casey #NAGA
Hackjob Bob? Where is the evidence that the Trump campaign was infiltrated by the Russians? 6 months no evidence to support!
Please Senator. protect our country from Trump and Putin. Trump and Putin created Fake News for Fox . Watch This Space!
Get rid of Casey Drain the swamp.
@durkisa give it up, you lost stop trying to deflect
no, those who voted for trump are the real losers.He's destroying the US while u all refuse to admit u were wrong
lol
Donald trump you are so crooked
Senator Casey, I'm in your district and you have my vote if the Senate can start an investigative commission.
Shows how smart you are. He covers the whole state.
Thanks for the correction, madam. Duly noted!_!@$
It's time he grows up, don't you think
At 70, it is too late. He sees no reason to change since he is perfect.
8 months of investigation and Comey and Clapper both said they found nothing. Now let's look at who unmasked the Flynn's call
unmasking is such an overused and in this case misused term. Unmasked refers to our CIA Operatives being outed
pleas, at least use proper terminology.
so when are we going to see action on sessions' possible perjury during his confirmation?
Yes stop dodging away from Hillary's "Pay for Play" Clinton Foundation scam Russian Uranium deal, get special counsel to do it
Hackjob Bob! He is a party hack now. Doesn't care about PA voters. Vote him out. 2018 is coming up!
the time has come for an independent counsel and the time is NOW!
The time was when Hillary faked the public with the Benegazzi video.
The purchase of a uranium was a state deal and you know it
hey Bobby I can't wait to vote against you if you don't vote for the Supreme Court nominee
yes it is getting old...from the dems too! You're all deflectors, deniers and dodgers.
Russia having anything to do with the election is a story made up by liberal media.
I agree. Let's investigate Travelgate, Whitewater and the Clinton Foundation.
They're buying time with Nunes--trying to dump evidence.
All the evidence is on Hillary's email server.
Yes, time Dems r heavily investigated.Over yr of surveil. Where r the hard facts? AG needs 2 assign Indp Counsel on HRC #MAGA
Yo Democrats and Bobby C.  Keep fighting to save the country
Absolutely, Senator!
You need to step down as senator.  You're worthless.
Why doesn't the media talk about the Clinton Foundation? Bill can't bomb an aspirin factory to divert from Monica.
Please keep up this fight. This is going down in history and you are on the truthful side. #resist  #persist  Thank you.
Trump.. the con man.. the great distractor!
Right on Senator.
@realDonaldTrump @FoxNews Independent review Trump, family, business to Russia, china & any other foreign country!  Stop lies!
Where do all these Russians trolls come from? We need to fight Russia now on the cyber front. Time for Putin to pay.
Senator Casey, as your constituent I give you my full support.
Faux News, Breitbart, Gateway Pundit...the true fake news. With each day, fewer believe a word coming from the WH. Go Obama!
Absolutely, Senator...keep the heat on them. Their facade is cracking and we all deserve the truth.
I'm glad to see that someone in Congress agrees with what I've been saying about Trump's Russian deflection actions.
please push for an independent council to investigate the Russian in the White House.
we in PA support you and your reelection, thanks for supporting us, you are a patriot
GOP/SOP Playbook: Deflect, derail, deny, denigrate, threaten,bluster, lie, gaslight. Predictable.
it's what he does best
the Liberal Demorat routine is way past old
time for a special prosecutor. Sally Yates seems to have some time right now. She'd be a great choice.
Careful what you push. Remember the voter fraud backfire?
keep going. thank you
Aren't you confident the Senate committee will do better than the House?  Honestly, just curious about that.. 
Trump is worried. The investigation is getting too close 
we are with you!  #TrumpRussia
FIGHT for us the U.S.A. before we become part of rUsSiA
Please don't get worn down. They hope we will get fatigued, and after 70 days, it's partly true. Please keep up the fight
@uncivilobedient @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews -Because we know that Fox=fake and that you are lying to us and evading questions!
At least someone in PA has some brains. Maybe you could talk to your buddy and knock some sense into him. Sounds like a good idea Too Mey
Thank you for finally saying this! I can never get through to someone when I call your office.
I am praying for you Bob! That the eyes of your understanding would be open! Democrats ---> Godless & lawlessness! Repent
Bob we are of you. What ties do you and other Democrats have with Russia and Muslim terrorists countries?
it's shameful you can't see the double standard and stand up for fairness and instead continue to divide and pout like a child
You are a shameful senator, I've never voted for you and never will. You're inability to see the bigger picture is astounding
the routine of beating a dead horse with a double standard just becasue you don't like someone. #highschoolpolitics
Nunes' behavior is indicative of a person riddled with guilt & fear! Ryan's defense only implicates him too! Collusion!
please push for independent investigation into Trump team / Russia ties.
give it a break!70yrs Trump PUBLICLY vetted by 10'softhou who cld easily get bribe money, there's NOTHING!
: please please get this done. PLEASE.
You said it!
just another liberal lie
He keeps calling the Russian story fake news. He's pathetic. The more he deflects, the guiltier he must be. Getting close.
there's nothing there, this is getting old.
the buck stops here, bung!
Thank you. The whole world appreciates your help. #OrangeIsTheNewRed #TrumpLies #TrumpRussia #TrumpFBI #TrumpEgo
Did Nunes obstruct justice?  Did he violate his oath of office?  Should he be impeached?
I'm your constituent & I want you to press as hard as you can for an independent investigator. I think @PreetBharara is perfect
looks like a conflict of interest to me here
Why doesn't u'r FAKE LIPS stop quacking.  You are starting to look like Leona..seriously. Just look & compare.  Scary, RIGHT?
@AltUSPressSec agreed.  Paul Ryan must be complicit or why is he not getting rid of Nunes?
@JohnDohMAM  disgraceful
Show @realDonaldTrump @Reince45 @Reince @seanspicer @PressSec @IvankaTrump
They work for THE PEOPLE! Everyday public service!
This whole thing is so frustrating.  Yearning for someone to step in & take charge. Republicans are such cowards.
Please. Keep up the pressure.
your getting old bobby!
did U approve this toxic deal. Bill Clinton received 500000 for a speech in Russia.  All your followers are snowflakes sad
no we need to investigate Clinton on this as she took donations from Russia and lock her up
you are right trump sold uranium to Russia.hey Bob no that was Hilary you guys are a joke and by the way no investigation wow!
@realDonaldTrump Why not tell the truth for once that would be beautiful
no vote on Gorsuch until we fully investigate potential collusion between @realDonaldTrump and Russia!! Stand strong Senator!
If the Rs won't investigate, does @JoshShapiroPA have standing to do anything?
there isn't just a case for this anymore. There is, quite simply, a requirement now.
Please be diligent and work with your colleagues on both sides of the aisle to see this through. #russiagate
you keep pushing this like Russia changed vote totals that your followers actually believe
looks like you have been deflecting on HRC-Russia for years
Sounds like you are talking about your fellow Dems.
you are so done when Trump starts to campaign against you at rallies,we're still a Red State,elect Toomey & past GOP Gov
16001chaos fatigue setting in for me I hope you have a plan not just words to get Nunes out, NO Gorsuch, DJT/Russ investigate
Why is it 45 wants to point out Everyone's Russian connection but his,his kids,&his cabinet.Russia is manhandling US and he does nothing!
What part of the Clinton's, Obama.. are no longer in our employ... HE IS! Does this man NOT get??!!
@SillimanBrendan yup, the noose is getting tighter and you know it @realDonaldTrump
Yawn
Actually you are deflecting from Clinton scandals and Obama abysmal record In SC cases & scandalous overreach. Protecting them?
tell us how we can make sure it gets done, Senator  WeR w/you
wait till the rhetoric goes away and we find out what Nunes has.  Dems are screwed.
thank you for seeing through this petulant president. #TrumpRussia
@looneyism We of Tennessee agree, don't we @senalexander @senbobcorker ?
The same, deflect, deny, and dodge of Hillary's emails got old too. The same case is needed for her 2.
I agree. Shame of the @WaysandMeansGOP for voting no to releasing #TrumpTaxReturns What do they have to fear? #Investigatetrump
Why is there not an independent prosecutor with subpoena power.  They are DESTROYING evidence. @DevinNunes is a traitor. ENOUGH
Keep in mind, one lie can ruin a thousand truths. -> @RelatabIeTweetz <-
Thank you, Senator. This constituent appreciates your voice
better talk to Meehan Toomey #We are coming
"very very" old! He doth project a lot, he's actually referring to himself. Po thing.
Thank you!
Senator, please follow @Khanoisseur. He's done phenomenal work on this and might be exactly who you need. #getitdone
I'm a constituent 18017
I just called your office about this issue today! Thank you for your public statement attention to this issue.
please fight to get NUNES to resort, recuse or independent commission.  Do not let Don the Con skip on this !
Stand strong. No vote on Gorsuch until independent investigation on Russia!
First I heard this idea. Great tactic I hope it works.
Question is..How are you going to force the step down of Nunes and Independent commission..
that would be great, but how about supporting single payer healthcare for your constituents
Yes it does.
when will that happen. We really need to get to the bottom of this
@JackieMcReath1 does it now tell me why didn't it then oh that's right it was Obama
She's not president, moron. Enough deflecting to defend the orange traitorous orc.
I am a constituent 19070. Thank you for fighting for us Senator. We have your back Senator. #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussia
We thank you Senator!!!
Yup. Let's get it to stop soon please. Independent Counsel needed now.
