.@WSJ: "Mr. Comey was concerned by information showing possible evidence of collusion, according to these people"
.@WashingtonPost: "Trump was angry that Comey would not support baseless claim that President Obama had his campaign offices wiretapped."
"Trump was frustrated when Comey revealed in Senate testimony the breadth of the counterintelligence investigation."
"Days before he was fired as F.B.I. director, James B. Comey asked the Justice Department for more prosecutors..."
.@RepAdamSchiff makes the case for a special counsel:
"a fed investigation into potential collusion between Trump associates & the Russian government was heating up."
.@jaketapper "Russia probe accelerating before James Comey's firing"
.@jaketapper "Mounting evidence suggests Comey was fired because Trump was irritated by Russia probe"
"He [Trump] had grown enraged by the Russia investigation..."
Yes, it was in fact Nixonian.
Senator with all due respect the American people have less respect/trust for the media than they have for politicians! Let that sink in!
Maybe Americans should read newspapers instead of getting their "news" from Fox then, if they want to gain trust.
Research multiple sources with an open mind and reject ALL that use "Anonymous sources".
Not that simple. All reporting using anonymous sources isn't illegitimate. There's good reason for some sources to need to remain unnamed.
I agree but there is huge potential for abuse when using anonymous sources! Human nature!  Anything with anonymity CAN NOT be proven as fact
Your last statement is simply wrong. Just bc a source is unnamed, does not invalidate the truth. Case in point: Watergate/Deep Throat
Good point I stand corrected. I wish we had the same integrity in the media as we had back then.
Lots of media still has integrity, but it has been eroded greatly by outlets like Fox. Newspaper reporters still do lion's share of work.
It paints a beatiful picture for me. I will vote against you next election because you don't stand with Trump.
Trump is a two bit thug, Coward and lying con man!!! Stop him... Stop him!
This says it all!!!!!!
I can't believe our Congress allowed trump to have this closed door meeting with no witnesses, or media in meeting! WTF where's our GOV

This is a critical read and RT
Yep.
Pathetic how he doesn't understand that the truth always gets uncovered. He's going to get rolled b/c you can't stop a steamroller. #Resist

Join with me everyone let's help drain the swamp. Vote Casey out.
Somehow I'm afraid that the congress will let him slip out of this mess
Thank you, Senator Casey. When will the @GOP admit that the emperor has no clothes? #TrumpRussia #Collusion #GOPcoverup
Yes it does! And it sure is sweet to watch!
And that picture isn't nearly as bad as the truth is.
It looks bad. Beyond Russia, beyond policy the President's mental state and abilities are questionable.
unless someone does something soon...he will get away with it. Republicans are complicit with treason
The tide is turning. Firing Comey was the dumbest thing he could have done.
yes it was
The @GOP needs to face hard questions and confront the fact they may have been duped. It's beyond a party issue. This is a national problem.
Booby you belong with all the losers. Maxine. Loretta. Al. Hillary. Obama. And you pass judgement. Look in the Mirror if u can.
Senator what can the citizens do to take our country back from this mad man, the founding fathers wrote in the constitutions protections.
Exactly and the Republian party has no interest in oversight.
Senator, when are you going to stop it with this NO EVIDENCE Russian canard and actually get some work done for the people of PA!!
'digging the grave of the new world order'? Not sure where that's going, but I doubt your concern is with work for PA.
This historic presidency has shown where "that's going" .. but crying about Russia sure is fixing this broken mess of a state!
What's broken here? Please describe what has broken in your life with this state. And your recommendations?
Ever-increasing taxes, failing infrastructures, PHILLY, my life isn't that bad, I have EMPATHY for my STATE .. recs.? STOP VOTING DEM
So, you're a fan of the @GOP tax cut plan, which won't provide money for failing infrastructure, because it depends on the HC revenue cut?
Not really .. it's both sides of the aisle failing the people .. gotta start somewhere .. I'm not the expert .. maybe I'll run next year

Wow! This is your grade-school communication, oops, I mean propaganda to your constituents? All VERY beneath a sitting US Senator.  Stop.
Senator, Trump is clearly a disaster, but I hope Dems like you offer genuine alternatives to GOP - support single payer, stop bailouts etc
Hahaha. Are you insane or just that stupid?
MSM "news" has mostly become Democrat propaganda. Low info stuff.
... unless it's Fox news
And the GOP. #UnfitToLead #GOPFail
GOD HELP US! time is running out with this mad man at the helm!
rules for radicals?Throw crap at opponent & see what sticks perfidious corrupt main media does it all the time(& GOP is always their target.
The democrats have been colluding with the russians(ck Hillary providing uranium to russians and influence selling).
Do you do anything besides slam trump everyday? Are there not any more pertinent things you could be doing with taxpayer time?
Please do what's best for constituents. Fight for us old folks.
@washingtonpost published false story that Comey asked Trump for more money for Russia invest.That was debunked by McCabe in hearing this am
Trump is a narcissistic, lying man-child whose words, actions & choices can't be trusted. We need an independent panel to investigate him.
Awww, so sad.  Said no sane person ever. Now if you get just get @SenToomey and @RepKRothfus onboard the reality train, we in PA will be !
Yep.
If fingers need to be pointed in the direction of Pence, Sessions, and even McConnel or Ryan I would hope that you and others would speak
Of course it does, the news media are a bunch of liberal hacks, just like you. Sick of this, show the evidence of collusion. There is none.
Bullshit- Trump is doing a great job draining the swamp. PA will drain you next year. Name me 1 Russian he colluded with. Big nothing burger
Really? Cause if it was reversed you'd be claiming the media was complicit
And a tour through the I C community tweets reinforces that.  I think firing squad appropriate, right?
How long will it be before any meaningful action is taken by our elected officials in Congress to get to the bottom of this whole situation?
If @POTUS innocent wrong doing, why meetings behind closed doors with Russians?  Why press release for meeting come from Russian sources!
You Dem congressmen & women should only concentrate on getting this Crazy, Con man Removed from office 24/7Forget about everything else
Senate needs to grind to a halt until the GOP recognizes the need for a special prosecutor. Nothing is more important than resolving this.
Good
Think of how bad the United States looks?  We thought W gave us a bad rap.
We need leaders to step up and lead.

Tweets & protests within carefully prescribed rules aren't working.

Americans need mass action.
Yep. Because...
Spend more time creating jobs in PA and stop with the negative spewing of negativity. 2018 getting closer!!
The majority will celebrate #Trump trgetting what he deserves! He's HELL bent on destroying our country!
To his poll numbers maybe but this news needs to be backed up by real action in Congress. This matter goes way beyond partisan politics.
Biased newspapers too!
That's why the people who knew him best, in NY/NJ went "bigly" for his opponent.  PA didn't.  It's not surprising - it's business for him.
According to you a Democrat!
What has to happen before Republicans shed the partisanship and accept the prepnderance of evidence that this administration os corrupt?
What PROOF?  Just another Hater!
I trust you will do your best to convince GOP senators to join in your concern and ACT.

Remember how eager Americans were to serve in WW2?The world will come after us if we don't get those Nazis and Fascists out of our capital!
“@SenBobCasey: A quick read of this morning's news paints a devastating picture for @realDonaldTrump...” Interesting thread
Russia's in OUR White House. Stay woke!
I think Corker at least has been critical of the firing.
Senator, if there is anything that I - or any of your constituents - can do to help please let us know.

America has a cancer named "Trump".
The bushes around the white house are not big enough to hide @realDonaldTrump
We are praying!!
The funny in a sad way is this am he's shocked the Russians took pictures. Who knew....if u let in photographers you get pictures 
What about the news that pence was in on thr meetings with Sally Yates? He knew about flynn and lied
But good news for the People!
Indeed. And let's hope something is done about it. Hint. Hint.
When will impeachment proceedings against Trump start? He's probably really fed ( ;) ) up of the whole thing by now anyway!
Lying liberals that support the planned parenthood holocaust , Illegals N refugees not americans!!
ah, another treason lover
Good to know, but GOP members need to stand up and end this sham if a presidency before irreparable damage is done! Impeachment=only answer
Thank you, senator.
Senator we need a special prosecutor now, before this man and the Republican party do anymore damage to our country.
Unless US leadership provides some leadership and takes action, it's a devastating picture for the future of democracy in the USA.
Good...help him pack.
thank you for standing up for #PA & #USA
Special, independent investigator now!  @CoryBooker @SenatorMenendez @elizabethforma
I hope so. I grew up in Philly, live in MD now but glad you rep my birth state
As my senator do something please
And how can your constituents help
So what can be done about it??
Keep up the pressure. Pass on the articles. Go to the marches. Keep calling congress. Eviscerate (with words) the members who ignore.
Praise those with #TheResistance! Tell your neighbors. Tell your friends. Many people don't follow as closely. Educate them!
Proud you're my senator, Mr. Casey.
Me too.  Where's @SenToomey? Hiding in the bushes?
It's his own doing
the legend menace is funny
