Gee... If only @TheDemocrats had enacted #MedicareForAll when it controlled 3 branches of govt. But they didn't, b/c of fealty to Ins. Cos
So because the democrats didn't do it before ACA, that makes it ok for the repubs to screw so many people?
In other words, the enactment of the #ACA was a fucking for-profit health care insurance BAIL OUT!
And what is Trumpcare? The fix?
If only @TheDemocrats had enacted #MedicareForAll when it controlled 3 branches of govt. But they didn't, b/c of fealty to Ins. Cos
Is trumpcarethe fix?
#MedicareForAll is the only way to go.
Trumpcare is the only way to go? Well, guess you're right. It's a way to handle population control, without mentioning population control.
It's bad, really bad. Oh, I f2ffhought you were talking about Obamacare. Lol
REPAIR ACA! Keep those with preexisting conditions safe!

@SenBobCasey  Please don't let this pass in the Senate! Thank you for all you do for PA, we need more like you representing us!
WELL THE GOP wanted to abolish ACA for 8 years now,,it is their trump care with their monster trump. and the people will speak. OUT FOR GOP.
la la la la   la la la laa good bye..good bye.we all know who knows how? to govern and it is not the grand old party,lie & obstruct is  GOP.
@GOP @POTUS The new insurance application under #AHCA
TRUMPCARE/OBAMACARE=All of you blew it.CONGRESS had the chance to do a major overhaul over the past 7 years and you did ZIP! Get bipartisan!
I guess my confusion is why repeal and not fix #Obamacare if this was not all #politics  and #hate? What happens to us now with #Trumpcare?
REP. Maloney's idea 2 send House Dems 2 red districts 2 explain acha bill is brilliant!Please consider!!We need nTX!
Dem lawmaker offers to hold town halls for Republicans who won't answer questions on ObamaCare repeal http://hill.cm/AebiNHJ  
bad immitation of Trump....FAIL!!!!
Of course it's worse every thing this guy does is worse, does anyone think that trump cares for anyone but himself I mean please.#Trumplies
Democrats-----want people to overlook the long list of LIES they told about their health care law

Videos http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/5243545/1/ …
@SenBobCasey if you do not get paper trails, Russia will make sure Trumpcare goes through
THEN BARGE INTO THEIR MTG BE HEROES WORK #BipartisanSenate FIX #AHCA MAKE HISTORY KNOW TRIED DON'T GIVE UP TOO MANY SAY STANDING SIDELINES
Just bought 50+ postcards and will be writing every R Senator a scathing note as well as calling each one. Husband will too.
I've already called the dem senators.
#propaganda

Make no mistake. #TrumpCare is an act of #Terrorism. #TrumpCare is an act of #HybridWar, designed to kill and confound. #TrumpRussia 
I think a lot of Trump followers get the cheaper packages on cable and satellite and only get CNN and fox. They only get Trumps side.  Msnbc
lol shocking. Democrats hate something that isn't theirs
I am a pre existing CONDITION!
Hope the Democrats turn out in record numbers for the 2018 elections. No time to be apathetic!
If you like your doctor,  you can keep your doctor.  If you like your health plan...Lies, lies, lies!
Where was your concern for the responsible families who had great HC b4 ACA, &now have increased costs & less coverage result? You're fraud!
probably should just let the ACA run it's course then......
Obamacare was really bad! Get real #fakenews
The man is a Narcissist .....professionals determined. He breathes control. He needs to be impeached.
All across the country Dimms are theorizing about AHCA.
It's really pathetic when Republicans celebrate a bill that enjoys only 17% approval ratting!  Are they that desperate?
Fabrications
@IvankaTrump @jaredkushner @GOP @potus may your sense of morality show how senseless your endeavors are. Shame on you all. #sounamerican
What's your strategy?  America is all eyes&ears...we r watching...we vote.
It won't pass the Senate.
this is #MAGA You'll be fine believe me! We will be winning. We're the best.  They are fake!
#TrumpCareIsAnOxymoron
Any thoughts? 
The Psycopathic Dem Party pass a horrible healthcare bill, they are in denial, Obamacare has imploded, get over it.
Obamacare was worse.  You people suck
Written by white men for white men
Sounds like a racist comment to me.
This is the best thing I've seen from any group of Democrats in years. Kudos to the people responsible.
F'n STOP IT. Your fear mongering is pathetic. Obamacare a & Dems destroyed healthcare for the middle class!
Floridians love Trump all of them.
Trump and his GOP minions in Congress own this garbage bill, and Trump voters are in line to lose their health coverage as well.
Talk to America and tell us how bad it is. SCREAM if you have to. Come out of the shadows, use the microphone.STOP YOUR SILENCE, or 100% REP
across the country people R loving @POTUS more&more & @SenateDems less & less. Better go find more illegals &refugees to prop up voter base
Keep showing this    keep showing this     keto showing this
Rape a pre-existing condition ? The victim is raped twice ? Once by rapist and then by doctors? That sounds SANE
No it's not.
Unaffordable #ACA called #ObamaCare is collapsing in front of everyone to see! #Progressives continue living in alternate reality! #MAGA
@SenBobCasey your tweet needs #trumpcare replaced with Obamacare, that make more sense
When will Senate democrats wake up to their responsibilities as elected officials? When will demwits choose truth rather than lies?Do right?
Let's hope they are very afraid of losing their jobs.
it's not as bad as #Obamacare but you'll get what you want with this in the end. We will eventually have single payer. Happy?
more fake news from the left...must be nice to have all that taxpayer money to waste
I'll call BS on this.  ACA was so bad it was collapsing at on the backs of tax payers.  Anything is better than Obamacare.
20 million opted out of ACA in 2016!
6.5 million chose Obama care penalty over ACA coverage!
First $10 grand out of ACA member pockets.
Seriously time for Senate Democrats to get their shit wired straight and get a handle on this health care situation votes come out soon!!!!
Do all democrats major in dramatics and theatrics
If proven wrong, every dem senator will be expected to resign for intentionally lying to us
We want a single payer system fight for us! Sell it, facts show lower costs better outcomes,longer life so don't hide what's best for most!
And who is going to foot that bill???  U?  & don't say the top 2 % because Dems have them footing everything.
I call trumprihcare
AGREED!!!!!
Single payer or extend Medicare for all
And who will foot that bill....me?  U think money falls from the sky?
When are you going to tell imperial president cheeto to stay in DC and stop wasting money taking weekends off?
Not hardly, since it was only passed the house and isn't even law yet. I think your confusing it with Obama care. Time to retire Bob.
#fakenews
You mean really badly, who says that?
You're wrong, really wrong...
Trumpcare is their "civilized" method of killing people instead of gas chambers!
And yours was worse the senate will change it u said u would work bipartisan so do it
#Pennsylvania, you've brought this upon yourselves...How an historically Blue state could vote for him is repulsive.  #TrumpCare
And I will be moving to PA from NJ to help bolster those red numbers.  #tcot
Look at the Caucasian boys club  laughing about cutting health care for women, children, the poor,  the elderly & disabled folks. Bastards.
(Chanting) DO Your Job, Do Your Job, Do Your Job!!!!
Badly done GOP!!!! WTF?????
The liberaltards doing nothing but fake news they have nothing but high taxes illigal aliens broken healthcare which they broke
What you going to do about it?
Good old white men and the women that praise them .Such a diverse group. Makes me sick. So out of touch.
Racist
Typical bull shit from you Democrats! You scare people into believing that everyone is going to die if the Bill becomes law.
You Democrats pushed the ACA through which caused premiums to soar, & forced people to have costly insurance that is worthless. No one died.
At least the Republicans are willing to fix a broken ACA that Democrats & Liberals created, and the House Bill is only the first step.
What the heck is a Groper?  Is that like Progs?
And the @HouseGOP is out of #santorum towels.
NO JOKE
The monster of America while playing golf & squandering our tax money decided to take away our healthcare.....murderer/parasite!
That's some pretty strong words about Obama!
Find another scapegoat, this is  Dumb Donld,s mess. Jenny Craig helps
It's not even LAW yet. Calm down and grow up.
You polled all you offices?
As was Obamacare get government out of healthcare
Best response: Isn't it ironic that the party of pro-life would sign so many death warrants...#RESIST
Lies and fear mongering.
Young men not having to pay for birth control or not buying healthcare. Free choice, that is American
Great enjoy paying your child support....
If it's branded TRUMP it's always bad.
Including people NOT seeking treatment now, for fear it will preclude them from being unsuitable down the road. #NoTrumpcare
My health care plan should look exactly like those in Congress.  Anything else is unacceptable.
Stop fear mongering and FIX IT IN THE SENATE.
How are they to "fix it in the Senate"? They don't have the votes, it's a reconciliation bill!

Fact is, ONLY 6 Million Americans had OCare ... 
OCare has been sold and is a sham since its inception. 
#GOP #House and #Senate are #heros.
Yes it is. Please stand up and be strong. We've got this!
No you don't....unless of course Ur buying.
House voted 217-213 (HR1628) REPEALING EXCESSIVE OCare TAX; SAVING BILLIONS; placing medicine back into PRIVATE SECTOR. 

Yay!  @POTUS
@BobElliot5645 thank you sir. 
My gratitude and respects.
Silver lining is 2018
Do I slit my wrists now or give it a few more days?
PLEASE make sure your members vote for Life not Death. #VoteDownTrumpCare
They R trying to thin the herd. If you can't pay then you die. Maybe Ryan, Trump & Pence need to be shown what losing their money feels like
Just to remind everyone #Obamacare was a colossal failure based on lies and partisan trickery. #AHCA
My dogs poop is better than Obamacare
We (intelligent people) can explain why it's bad. @presssec cannot say why it is good.  Anything transferring wealth to trump is criminal.
Kook.
All opposed must hit the street, Trump pretends he doesn't see the protests but they weigh on him heavily.. Need millions to march!
