In other words; abolishing the 1st Amendment! How very, Democrat of you to try!
Net Neutrality is about protecting free speech.
Funny how you think government regulation somehow equals freedom
It keeps us free from ISPs fucking us in the ass. Some things need to be gov regulated to prevent jerks from taking over. The internet is 1.
You mean like it did with the phone companies? Ma bell was awesome wasn't she? Cost $5 to call the other side of town.
I have cricket wireless so I get unlimited talk text and 4 gigs of high speed data then unlimited slower data for 35 bucks a month.
Gee and that all happened after the deregulation of the phone companies now didn't it?
You make zero sense.
'Those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it'

http://www.techpolicydaily.com/communications/lessons-att-break-30-years-later/ …
What is netneutrality? I saw several different articles and it's confusing
It is critical to making sure small start-ups, artists, bloggers have a fair shot at success. Without it, Comcast picks winners & losers
Yep
I think this is the first thing @SenBobCasey and I agree on.  Let's not make a thing of it.
thank you! Net neutrality is a non-partisan issue we can all support - it drives innovation, growth and free speech for all!
@4n6guyphilly We need legislation!
Yesss!! Please do NOT allow corp pigs to do this!! Thanks!!
Thanks! Taxpayers built the internet. We need to be able to use it freely & fairly. @SenToomey, where do you stand on #NetNeutrality ?
Everything the Republicans are proposing is anti citizen and pro corporations. Who the hell keeps voting against their own best interests?
@4n6guyphilly Pass a bill!
@4n6guyphilly We need legislation!
Thank you, Sir. Can you also support Kushner losing security clearance please?
And I feel most citizens don't understand the term "Net Neutrality ". It would help to put it in simpler terms. Corp owned vs. free access.
Very good point! I had a hard time understanding it myself and I'm a college graduate.
Yup .
So you like #censorship? "New fears Drudge, InfoWars, Breitbart could face Dem FEC 'inquisition'"
Net Neutrality has nothing to do with people on the extreme left hating on Breitbart.
Thank you Sen.Casey 
Enough
May be you and @SenToomey should have a debate!
Way to go Senator Casey keep up the good work.
I'm really glad that we have you representing us in Washington. Thank you!
Thanks
Thank you for taking that stand against censorship of the internet!
Thank you for serving the people senator!
Thanks for fighting hard, Bob we got your back in 2018!
Thank you
Thank you @SenBobCasey for supporting the free and open access to the web
Thanks @SenBobCasey for all your hard work on behalf of your constituents.
THANK YOU, sir!
Thank you, Senator Casey.
@4n6guyphilly We need a bill. Why don't you write one?
Thank you!
Keep up the good fight sir
finally something we can agree on.
Thank you. It's either that or we persuade (whisper) Soros & Buffet to buy the telecoms & use them for progressives only.
just like you fight for Unborn babies? Your dad's probably rolling in his grave #shame
Thank you Senator!
A law needs to be made to ensure the Internet stays free. The FCC is not held accountable to anyone.
Thank you, Senator.

Thank you
You'll do anything to grow the government's control us.
Glad we have one good Senator in PA!
Free & open or a GOOGLE, TWITTER, FB, AMAZON MICROSOFT & more MONOPOLY/CENSORSHIP of competition. This is hypocrisy. GOVT mandated monopoly.
Thank You, Senator!
Casey and Wolf are great public servants, concerned and active. Tombstone @SenToomey has to GO. Toomey does not care about you and me.
Can we have free and open internet without the so called comment section? Its causing so much hatred and disconect.
Thanks Senator!

THANK YOU SO MUCH, SO MANY PEOPLE JUST WANT TO LET IT DIE BUT YOUR ACTUALLY SMART, YOU HAVE EARNED MY RESPECT
Can you fight to save my friend's cat please?

https://www.gofundme.com/save-nosey 
Thank you, Sen. Casey. Keep up the good work.
@SenBobCasey thank you sir!
Thank you for fighting for us! Your work & dedication to these issues is appreciated,  especially in these trying times!
You are the man!
Funny how you didnt fight AT ALL when Obama relinquished the internet over to the UN. The US invented it yet MR. O just gave IANA away.
Thank you, my Senator.
Thank you, Senator. I'm proud to have you represent me.
Thank you Casey for fighting for Pennsylvanians. This and Climate change have to be the two biggest things threatened by Trump.
This is what I want to hear from my senators, not 'Russia Russia Russia'.
Hey, Bob. THANK YOU! Zero net neutrality here. 15 mins on library CPU = 2 packs of cigarettes. DISGRACE! #resist #altgov
A gif to help the cause!
I am fairly sure it would be liberals who abuse any kind of control through internet regulation, already doing that in Germany and England.
Thank you!!

Thank you Senator Casey! Feel so very grateful that you represent #RealPA
"Net Neutrality" is nothing less that Government Censorship! Marxist/Fascists, of course will love it!
????????
Thank you!
Thank you, Mr. Casey!
Get Trump out
How do you get that little loading logo at the end of the hashtag?
Twitter built the icon into the site for #NetNeutrality day! :)
