White House bars major news outlets from briefing; AP declines to participate. http://apne.ws/2l8CQpA 
lovin you more each day sen casey
No dummy; lying and not reporting facts got them shut out. You should know what lying is your tweet is a lie and you? A liar.
didn't see you or your #hypocrisycaucus complain when Obama excluded @FoxNews
@realDonaldTrump Sadly, this is just the beginning. Investigative reporting will be ur undoing. Don't piss the media off.
badge of honor it may be, but we are losing our freedoms as we speak. Please fight back!
I hope the Independent Council is not Mexican or Muslim
One has to wonder what they're trying to cover up.
Glad to see we have one voice of reason representing us
Ok princess.
@AP Do you & Toomey ever sit down to talk? He needs to get informed
Sen Toomey needs an intervention
@sentoomey needs to surface. He is a candidate for a milk carton.
Kicking out real news outlets but thinks The National Enquirer should receive a Pulitzer Prize. Help us Senator Casey.
impeach trump!
YES!
Keep fighting for US!  Bipartisan INDEPENDENT investigation  25th Amendment  Whatever it takes!  #UNQUALIFIEDPUPPET @SenToomey
I think you need to read the constitution. And live up to that oath you all take. You're not convincing anyone new.
What are you guys going to do about Trump?
We, the People need you more than ever now Senator. Please keep Toomey in his place. Pennsylvanians cannot afford Toomey.
the press needs to "go stand in the corner with dunce hat on" they r having temper tantrum
I hope that this badge of honor also means a defense of First Amendment rights?
@AP if Trump admin is telling the truth about no communications with Russian officials,why are they afraid of an investigation
: the press and @FBI must be getting closer to truth about #Russiagate. @SenateDems must demand #investigation of #GOPcoverup.
@AP all news agencies should BOYCOTT one of his stupid EO signings. Just set up sound & cameras. BOYCOTT as much as possible.
@CoryBooker @timkaine WH is becoming more like a dictatorship. Why is nothing being done? Freedom of the press cannot be curbed
This shouldn't be allowed. Thank you for tweeting.
Ummm No... Fake news got them banned. And it's not unprecedented as it's been claimed (more fake news) Obuma  banned Fox
BS it's fake news. That's just echoing Trump. Go to primary sources instead of being a parrot!
Lol, Primary source??? Oh yes, Bob Casey & The Clinton News Network . I listen for myself and it's easy to spot
@AP  I commend the AP but it is overshadowed by the fact that we have a President who openly mocks our First Amdmt. Abhorrent.
the 1st ammendment also allows for the President to speak his mind. 1st ammenment is not for cnn's lies.
@AP you've got to find a couple of Rs who will sponsor an in depth investigation they will still have Ryan DJT is crazy
#ImpeachDonaldTrump
CNN is nothing more than a "Fake News" outlet, bent on destroying @POTUS and anything resembling a Republican!
Thanks for standing up for press!! Please keep doing so! Also please vote for @keithellison tomorrow - I'm inspired by him!
I salute!
if you want to be invited to the big table, Bobby you have to earn that right by being truthful & honest, & not #fakenews
@Lee_in_Iowa WE NEED TO SUPPORT THE MEDIA! THEY ARE THE FIRST TO GO, THEN FREE SPEECH FOR CITIZENS!
it's a distraction Senator, please keep pushing to investigate the Russian connections to the Trump administration.
@Lee_in_Iowa Mr Tweeter followers think this is just fine. No worries he is the best. What WRONG with these sick people
@Lee_in_Iowa all news agents should decline to participate WH
@Lee_in_Iowa

more like an orange star.
#FreedomOfThePress
you need to remember you represent all of the people of PA. When we put you out of office you can wear it as a badge of honor
Will you be using your resources to investigate this dictator and protect the American people?
please continue stand up for us here in PA!! Stay strong - we need you
This is not a good sign Senator!  Freedom of the press is essential to a democracy!  Control of the press is realm of dictators
this is oppression of the first amendment and Trump needs held accountable immediately by you and all members of Congress.
Banning the press is truly unAmerican.
@pianogirl126 TRUMP/RUSSIA IS THE ANSWER.
Perhaps a badge of honor but a terrible blow to democracy! Please raise hell about this when back in DC!
Will we, and our democratic republic, survive this? IMO, he is terrorizing US citizens...
please won't congress do something? Can anything be done to reach an consensus that this is unacceptable and unamerican?
I can't wait to vote you out of office. You are only elected official NOT to return any of my emails, and you are just a hack!
@AP this is totally acceptable @AriFleischer says so. The people don't need the Press. We just need to listen to El Trumpo!
This is NOT right.  Do something.
it is not a badge of honor. It is a treacherous assumption of power fueled by Bannon carried out by a mentally unstable twit
As an American that defended this country, that press briefing should be boycotted by every outlet. Spicer can brief Kellyanne!
I fear what his next move is. This is not the America I know.
Go get the White House - they cannot control democracy.
That's crap & U know it. The media is intent on setting the narrative, not reporting news. THAT'S why many have been banned.
Seriously? 45 has been whining about the media for a year now. The media is covering his own words.
Bob. Bob, Bob. please get this right. OK? "Mental health experts say Trump is unfit to serve" https://is.gd/rXQnAv   FOCUS
R U doing ALL U Can to PUT. trump & co. BEHIND BARS!!!
The president is crazy insane- unfortunately I am not joking.
If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to fear.
I'm glad they're not reporting propaganda anymore.  

Have the reporters report the truth, not the lies the Whitehouse spews
I very much want you to join with the honorable colleague from Conn. and get to the bottom of this #Trumprussia
investigation needs to be done immediately
