If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
You are trying to destabilize the markets. Any failure is on you. The ACA exchanges were stabilizing on their own before you took office.
Ditto on the NOPE. Nice try though.

Yes we know BOB Zhou want them to keep rising.  What's so bad about some optimism? You're the reason your party keeps losing.
Obamacare wants to put a chip in people's  hand. I don't want a chip in my hand with my information.
Bob we all know who's lying.  Go Trump!
#Iloveyourhashtag
This coming from you. You democrats are the masters of fake news. Everything out or your mouths is is distraction.
Dems have very little credibility on healthcare Senator.
We have such a child for a president.
You say child, I say brat!!
The main issue with the Affordable Health Care Act is the opting out by the Insurance Companies. Will Trump change that????????
God is directing Trump and his healthcare plan will be much better.
FAKE NEWS  @SenBobCasey 
Sen Casey wins reelection.
Lies, Trump lies, you can and should say that
#Democratsoutoftouch The poll said 67% thought this! Middle class PA families struggle to pay premiums. This from our Senator Hackjob Bob!
It's a good thing that we have people like you in DC to keep an eye on our delusional president and the vicious GOP and their agenda.
How would you know? I'm sure you haven't bothered to read this one either.
#BULLSHIT
That's crap!! POTUS has NO IDEA what is actually in new healthcare GOP is working on! POTUS & GOP do not care about us!!
Stay solid Senator! Pick up the phone and call @RepCharlieDent and that Cartwright guy!!
As if, presumably, by magic? Asking for a country.
Thx 2 subsidy appld ea mo our prem was $145/mo for $1000 Ded BCBS. Couldnt have pd prem if we had to wait til yr end to get tx credit. ???
Fake Bob Casey
Well thanks @SenBobCasey for my $5000/year health insurance. I can totally afford it in the economy you wrecked.
You tell him, Bob!!!!!
Your mind is in a death spiral
No one will have health insurance. GOP does not want to pay for your health care.  They would be happy to just get rid of the ACA. Slimebags
Thanks to you we have Obamacare and the country may never recover from it because you want let the GOP help you!
Hard to believe we have a president who lies non stop about anything & everything.
Truth is not a reality for @realDonaldTrump, who lives in his own non-reality.
@realDonaldTrump does he THINK his healthcare plan was approved? Is that what his "advisors" are telling him?
Brentwood Mother Wants President Trump's Help Cracking Down On Gang Violence
The premium will go down so fast than expected if pre-existing cod. & most essential health problems are not covered. Cheers! MAGA!
You wish it was fake tell everyone how much you took from pharmaceutical companies
Do you agree with that because trump is only thinking of himself not the Americans.........
what have you done to help us?you never read obamacare & now it's killed middle-class,you're just an obstructionist
Senator Casey you're starting to sound like we the resistors now! And I love it you're absolutely correct :-)
Yes, we will see that real health care and premiums will come tumbling down..,Freudian slip?
Pa hates you
He's right. We will see real healthcare tumbling down. Sentence structure is important.
@SenateDems  lying
Senator, don't call it fake news.  Call it a lie!  That's what it is.
How could you possibly know it's fake news when you have done nothing to make it better? All you and your constituents have done is complain
You got that right, Senator.
#fakesenator. Filling daddy's shoes, but a couple sizes too small.
Its been reported several times, ACA NOT in a deathspiral & If HCA excludes drug treatment how successful will fighting opioid addiction be
BS, No way to know that.
Senator don't allow healthcare for millions to be a bargaining chip for this luncacy.
Your statement 
one more reason ewe 's will never hold a majority again
That is one long ass death spiral.. how many years now?  #fakenews #resist
@SenateDems Shameful partisan bloviating on your part. How do you plan to fix healthcare?
Please keep fighting for affordable healthcare for the people of PA. This new iteration of Trumpcare is even worse than the first!
what a joke
Fake news from a fake president!
Please for the sake of the people, do not go to war with North Korea.
You would know, Bobby. #demsaredone
Genocide, death  panels, killing people over 55. It gives big tax brks to billionaires! 24 million ppl w/o ins & no preexisting coverage
And Trump lies again. Same old, same old crap.
Neither #Obamacare nor #Trumpcare will solve Healthcare crisis. @GOP and @TheDemocrats are taken over by #HealthLobby. Period.
You'd know, Senator. You and your ilk are masters of it.

@SenateDems Third time is the charm Android sucks. TWO WORDS FOR ALL YOU REPUBLICANS - BS
I worry when it takes 3 tries to get your Tweet right. Spelling, not overrated.
Same shit different day! Killercare vote no repair no replace. Repeal age tax, keep pre existing conditions Expand Medicare no cuts!
@SenateDems TWO WORDS FOR ALL U REPUBLUCANS - BS
@SenateDems Two Words 4 all u Reputations. BS
It's a lie.
@SenateDems time for #Trump to put his $$$ where his big mouth is
Waiting for him to punch himself out is not a strategy, Senator. Fight, please
@NicoJStarr @realDonaldTrump Congrats Donny, once you've killed #Obamacare you can move on to killing real people w/ #Trumpcare
#chickenlittle #hysterics #getagrip #calmdown #needadrink? #makingmelaugh
I say let the ACA fail on its own.  Dem written, dem approved. 70+ amendments, still not completely rolled out, and still failing.  U own it
#FakeNews by a #FakePresident!
Death spiral, death panels. It's almost as if they think of healthcare and killing people together.
Do not cave into his threat to remove subsidies for a wall. This is all on him now. I don't want to see people suffer, but he is unfit.
 Thank you, Senator, for not normalizing a lie that is absent statistics to support it. We're not interested in sacrificing ACA for budget.
Why would you ever use that term?  The more you say fake news, the more people accept it, which helps Trump.  Call it what it is - a lie.
Trump assumes that the majority of electorate, all of whom DIDN'T vote for him, is as gullible to his lies as the minority who supports him!
How can you lie like this bob and say what trump is saying is not true about obamacare in a death spiral?
#fake news#liar
Don't expect ANY help from your friends on the other side of the aisle! Their only goal is to OBSTRUCT til the next election cycle. Be safe!
It's seriously difficult to believe this is our president.
Look it up. He is. It's difficult for me to believe folks like yourself are still struggling with reality.
Thanks for making me LOL at work. I'm crying!
Well played senator .... well played.
trump like always wants to try bankruptcy instead of fixing healtcare, public loses Wall Street Wins
@SenBobCasey I'm concerned about attempts by HHS to undermine ACA, like the "market stabilization" rules just released. What can be done?
Yeah sure if it's anything like the other plan America is screwed
Bobby you can own "O" care and we will remember that !!
And #BadEnglish
Thank you for this, Bob! 
Very fake news indeed.
