Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston. Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you.
must clearly reject and unequivocally condemn white nationalism and those who promote it. Thus far, he has not.
Get a job!!!!!!
What's amusing is watching you peddle this as Nazi rally why it was all Antifa All night...

Work on your photoshop skills... that hat was not there...
How do you know that hat was not there? Were you one of the Nazi marchers?
Quick let me keep posting pictures from a week ago. Should we start posting Antifa Riot pictures from Election Day?
Yeah, that day a week ago has changed the game. FOX, Breitbart and Infowars are trying to distract you from it, but it still happened.
Just like the BLM and Antifa riots that began Jan 20th, but I forgot they are peaceful. Only here because of Nazi's
Game changer. Just remember I said it.
How does a tweet like this move the nation forward? I mean really? Does this help heal anything?More divisiveness doesn't help anyone at all
The nation won't begin to "heel" or move forward until trump is gone.
I think you need a few more calluses on that heart of yours
Why did Dems take Hamilton off the $10 Bill Y not vile slave master A.  Jackson on the $20, oh yeah he's the founder of the modern DemParty
B. Clinton  "The blue star above the word Arkansas is to commemorate the   Confederate states of America." Oh yeah "first black President"
GROW UP and BE  A UNITER NOT a DIVISIVE PERSON - PLEASE!  We don't need people in the Senate who cannot be leaders! Unity=PEACE
Oh, like McConnell had been the last eight years.  That's about right.
IMO ALL of CONGRESS needs to GROW UP - I've YET to hear a single member of Congress come out & speak w/words that heal! They all suck!!
Fair enough.
I wish they would ALL be LEADERS that focused on policies & actually WORKED-hell they've taken more days off than any job I know of-crazy!
Casey you are a joke.
I can't wait to vote you out of the senate.
Really now?  Do you know who is planning on running against him?  Maybe do some homework before voting this time!
Senator Casey had my vote and will have it again!
I'm guessing Hillary had your vote as well. Glad you participate in elections. Good job.
You want Kid Rock for a senator and you don't even know his actual name. You don't get to talk
No...no....no....NO KID ROCK!   Maybe, THE Rock, but never, ever the kid one!
I was talking to Jeff Jefffty Jeff
Your messiah Obama was never one to wait for facts - great at "acting stupidly".
Plus, why is it that when ever Trump is called out we hear "but obama" or "but hillary" as a defense.
He's bigly smart.
What the hell is this man talking about????
Democratic Party never come 2 terms with itsevil past.Theyve never  apologized 4 its racism LBJ said without Republicans no Civil Rights Act
Why did Dems take Hamilton off the $10 Bill Y not vile slave master A.   Jackson on the $20, oh yeah he's the founder of the modern DemParty
So he is implying that the cops are hate groups?
Justice Black FDR KKK SC appointee is author of Korematsu v U S infamous SCourt decision that imprisoned Japanese-Americans internment camps
You need fact checked, organizer of the "white supremacists" was an Obama and BLM supporter. It was a staged event by your boss George Soros
Bob,how about the Democratic party admit to its past obstructionism to blacks in this country,KKK formed by democrats,just like antifa
THANK YOU sir for making this statement.
Looks like trump has super powers. He can recognize anti police agitators, just by looking at them on TV. Amazing or unreal?
Anyone who throws piss has lower intelligence than an oragutan
Except when Trump pays the hookers to do it?
You know it is a fake story...pay attention!
That's ridiculous. Called out for not speaking quick enough. Called out for speaking quickly. You are a joke. How about working together.
work together with people who say "not everyone at the nazi rally was bad, some of them were very fine people"?  No thanks!
Well, they did have a permit, after all. He had to make sure using a car as a lethal weapon wasn't part of it.
Apparently white nationalist violence is only scenario that requires @realDonaldTrump "a little while to get the facts" before a judgement. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/898988632551370753 …
I've heard both sides had permits so it looks like once again he's lying or is ignorant. I thought he was gathering ALL of the info first.
R Dems pushing 2 tear statues down 2 hide their own racist past? UNC historian Allen Trelease described KKK as “terrorist arm of the Dems
Y R Dems not taking down vile slave master A. Jackson statue in Lafayette park, oh yeah he founded modern Dem party Dem always party of evil
FDR apointed KKK leader 2 Supreme Court 1850s, Democrats passed  Fugitive Slave Law, Dems overwhelmingly voted against 13th 14th 15th  Amend
you are speaking the Truth!
@realDonaldTrump "@POTUS"
I've been watching that GIF wayy too long 
My thoughts exactly. With Boston, he was ON IT.
Is there any chance this eclipse will wake up the Trump zombies and we can unite to impeach him ?
That malarkey doesn't fly to those of us with above a second grade education
How can the police look tough and smart ? Wtf is this man on
These people were the agitators!
In his defense, he did see brown people, so...
Your tweet was silly,  another side heard.
Cnn showed footage of rocks hurled at cops in black. If u give a fuck about America Don't ignore corrupt media bc trump is juicier 
The Chief of Police in Boston last night praised the anti-white-supremacy marchers for showing up.
Or his "That's too bad" response to question re: USS John McCain accident.
Thank you Senator Casey. Can you do anything about Toomey? I can't get any response from him.
I hope he looks at the eclipse without his glasses on.
White nationalist? @SenBobCasey Call them for what they are. White Supremacists! Don't sugar coat it.
LIkes to talk out of both sides of his mouth.
It would be wise for you to back off and not get caught in the after shock.
Don't be hypocrites. Obama did the same thing with Orlando and San Bernadino.  Immediately obvious then too.
Urine throwing is always a give-away
And he still gets it wrong
Looked like caring and good people...
"Crafting" messages require more time.
Never really been an impediment for him.
to be fair coming up with lies to defend racism requires thought and trump isn't very good at thinking
No problem jumping on "Obama wire tapp".
So this is your answer. Interesting Democrats create the problem then try to solve the problem by creating the same problem.
Confederates then.
Casey is a cuck. An anti-American special interest bonanza. His constituents must be proud he always has one hand in the till
Very different outcome - police r permitted to do their job & keep violent demonstrators away from ppl exercising their right to free speech
How about showing some respect....Senator and respect the people choice for President.
Begin impeachment proceedings and demand HIS TAXES. HE PROMISED BUT LIES ALL THE TIME. People wake up!
A google search will show the only places where the PershingLIEis spoken as truth r on #Nazi #WhiteSupremacists websites.@realDonaldTrump
Congress needs to remove him. He's a racist and he's mentally unfit. At least, please vote to censure him. Maybe he'll go away.
Please get @realDonaldTrump out!!!!!
FACTS ARE IMPORTANT, UNLESS YOUR FAKE NEWS!
That was after the police chief said #antifa #DemoKKKrats were spraying them with urine. Quit lying
He has been very quick to condemn the acts of those who oppose him, those who support him can do no wrong no matter how much wrong they do
AKA Trump Crapola!
Yes. It was less than two hours before he condemned the Barcelona attack. And he called it a terrorist attack.
Trump never knows anything abt a situation bcz he simply makes up a story to his liking.
So, you're cool with Antifa violence?  Let's hear your position.
but please divert attention from these Dispirated Despicable Democrats that are Anti-Trump, Anti-Police and Anti-American

#Antifa
#AltLeft
Apparently Being an Obama Cock Holster is the ONLY scenario that requires little judgement
I noticed Casey didn't denounce the terrorist Antifa violence in Boston
The facts WERE in... the police showed  great restraint..leftist jerks we're throwing urine at them...get real Bob
Kudos for that one @SenBobCasey!
Vladimir Putin
People fear him, and mistrust him, and it's at a point that, for the good of the country, there can only be one recourse: #25thAmendmentNow
watched The Founder. This country was made strong by  Ray Kroc,  Hughes. Carniege  Edison. Tesla Einstein Trump.not politicians or pu$$ies
Oh please .......give it a rest Donald......."Police are looking tough and smart"  go do some real work and get off of Twitter!
Guess he wants to make sure his thank-you notes are addressed properly.
Great job Bob! Don't let up or let him off the hook.  We can't stop until this cancer is eradicated.
So democrat senator advocates for violence from BLM, Antifa & his alt-left supporters
being broke in 2000 to wealthy now? Money laundering through Clinton Foundation and stealing money from Hatian relief
Entrepreneurship is the way to wealth...not serving in government. How did HRC go to .
The facts are affirmative action has not worked. Government should not take the place of personal responsibility or parental guidance.
If only our "president" could be "that guy" in the picture

Just say he lied again. We get it.
Trump is all about propaganda.
Whine if he takes too long to speak, whine if he doesn't.  Sound like spoiled children.
Think before you speak Susan said
Tks senator Casey for changing my vote
Trump won PA and will endorse Rep. Mike Kelly who will be that states next Senator.
Hey Bob, you're aware the Dems lost over 1000 seats of power over last few election cycles and the special elections, don't you?
@POTUS doesn't have diarrhea of the mouth like @BarackObama. How many times did obama misspeak? #VoteBobJrOut #TermLimits
Please help the country continue to heal, we need love and expectance & profiles of courage in our government 
Here Here!  He jumps to erroneous conclusions daily.  But he had to "get the facts" on the woman being run over and got it wrong?  Gotta go!
This!!! 
The left sure knows how to scramble the truth.the Boston protest was well controlled and police kept it that way.not given orders.stand down
Man showing more clearly by the day how seriously deranged he is. There personality tests like the classic british OCR, sanity tests.

Well, it does, Senator, if the nature of your question (Trump's question) is actually "were the nazis violent ENOUGH?"
Casey u r very ignorant. it's better to get the fact right! But of course Demo and libs don't care who is right you just want to win! EVIL!
When protesters are wearing masks it's not difficult to assume their intent. Nice of you to defend agitators and cop killers.
Might help if you all didn't harrass him over petty bs.
takes him awhile to condemn his own
You r a sad excuse for a senator & god knows why some people actually like you-I am ashamed you are my senator. Hopefully u r not re-elected
But was he wrong?
Thanks to Tomi Lahren his feed was filled with fake anti-police pics from years ago/ other countries shared as images from the Boston rally
Now you know where 30% is...
Thank you @SenBobCasey.

Well he's still waiting for all the info and to ascertain all the facts about ww2 before judgement
Looks that way
The urine tossing was a pretty clear sign early on
Let's not forget, last year he didn't know who David Duke was or White Nationalist. The only recorded time of him not having an opinion
Trump is so stupid. No one likes him.
I'm convinced he misread his notes. He wrote "wait for the fascists", but read it as facts.
Lighting tiki torches is violence? A group that had legal right to march was illegally interrupted by black supremacists, inciting a riot
Scary isn't it? And telling #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump
Really have NEVER, been able to stand him!
Thank you, Senator Casey! Regards
Mosque bombings throw in into a four-year frenzy of intelligence-gathering

Thank you for serving this country!! 
Numb nut Casey.. what if it had been ISIS..GET A GRIP clean out your ears and how long did it take Obama.. #brainlesswonders
The complete idea is "I need a little while to get some facts that corroborate what I already believe, assuming I have a belief."

That was a stunning comment.i doubt he has facts and if he does, he lies anyway.
Hey Bob, white supremacists are vile but why aren't you calling out antifa & extremist, racist groups on all sides?
He's a regular Joe Friday.  Just the facts ma'am.
Very good point Senator. @realDonaldTrump is an insult to all intelligent people in the world.
The only agitator is you! You are seriously deranged! Please do us a favor and resign! You have proven that you hate your country, go away!
Well considering Boston pd had a live feed of the violence they were incurring I'd say he had the facts quickly. Or is Boston pd lying?
Not matter what #Hate you spin on the #Left. Your not taking #USA backwards to #Obama Adm. We the people have spoken.. @realDonaldTrump
What a pack LIES. That's all you Losing @dnc have. #ProfessionalCriminalPoliticians. I guess you over looked Protest #Berkeley #BLM #Antifa
President is always picking on someone. Why not commend 40,000 people for peaceful march and police for their good planning and work. Tough?

why are people peacefully protesting suddenly anti-police?
Why can't he get this stuff right?
He is such a clown.
As a retired PSP Trooper, I am ashamed of your rhetoric
40,000 anti-White Supremacist protesters and trump thinks they're anti-police.... he's an idiot!!
Yo Bobby the Alt Leftist/Antifa/Libs were throwing rocks and urine at police. I guess that's the way your friends say hi and we respect you
Yes he has and other hate groups as well, the real haters and racist are those who will use false narratives for a reason to hate.
But it was fine when obama jumped out in front when it was blm or antifa causing the problems
That was @realDonaldTrump trying to incite violence! Call a spade a spade. Please!
And even with time, he doesn't get it right...there were not anti-police protests or agitators.
Open your eyes instead of your mouth.
Good one Senator 
You hit the nail on the head Senator
I respect you and support you @SenToomey however is an embarrassment. Keep up the positive work for the state and county. You are hope 4PA
OK Bob...you're on a roll. Don't stop.  Call for impeachment.
Well put  Senator Casey!
Truth
he tweeted that right after he tweeted about Bannon being tough & smart....
so many words....

Listen  , this may be a big pill to swallow but you can thank me later.
#CitizensUnited was for religious special privledge & no democracy. https://twitter.com/matheunin/status/898615464061882369 …
Mosque bombings are also difficult for Tiny Hands to grasp.
AGREED with sen. Casey
Trump has selective judgement.
He sees no wrong with violent supremacist terrorists
you make no sense Bobby
@Cmvazquez103 @realDonaldTrump 
https://twitter.com/jmktv/status/897870258433921024 …
If you don't know what you're talking about, then SHUT UP.
.And, he STILL gets it wrong.
Either way he gets it wrong, so no harm done, more or less, except what a bigotted hate monger in the highest position possible can cause.

Other than praising cops, he got facts wrong.
How long did it take obama to call it a terrorist attack on Benghazi??
"What about Obama!" Shows up almost right on schedule
Guess he didn't want the police to act "stupidly",
Lol
@Mattison @realDonaldTrump Wow, you called him out by name - exceptional
Oh you could say something nice!
Tweet should've read he can't say something nice!
Facts are easily found when police are actually arresting people. Bob why aren't talking about Russia any more? Lol
The facts are simple, you have multiple "anti-police agitators" being caught on video harassing officers, do you not? You DOPE.
Too bad he never crosses paths with the truth!!
TRUMP 2020....
 $100 says 45 doesn't make it through one term. #impeachandremove45
I would bet the same Miley that Tim is a basement dweller.. sad
Ah, no, though not sure what u mean by 'basement dweller.'Truly trying to bring people together n apology if I offended
Now they wanna take down Christopher Columbus's statue down in Columbus, Ohio so I'm passing judgement
Don't blame Democrat racism on Conservatives! Robert Byrd ring a bell?
Hiding the true Democratic agenda by erasing history will only fail! The hiding of the Confederacy, only calls more attention of Dem history
Trigger happy trumpy.
