thanks for your speaking up, senators
The French election proved that alleged Russian meddling has no effect on the outcome of elections.
Agree - thank you

McMaster comes across like
Dwayne Johnson as Paul Doyle (based on Carl Weekes, Stevenson Pierre, and Jorge Delgado) in PAIN & GAIN. 
Propaganda rules our lives. As a citizen of the USA I demand an investigation.
Did it? Well, I guess the FBI is wasting its time when all it needs to do is interview you.
You know what the problem is, right, John? For decades, Moscow gave aid and comfort to Dems! They feel they're owed that.
No, corruption and cheating in our political parties must be exposed by whatever means necessary, if the media won t do it.
Look at Hillary Clinton email server. It was hacked by Russia,
You know what America deserves? We deserve this Russian investigation to come to a completion. Nothing so far BUT you got nothing else to do
It is. It about parties anymore trump has violated the law when he asked comey to close the case on flynn
Did Russia tell Crooked Hillary not to campaign in Wisconsin and Michigan?
Yes, so #GOP why is taking away my healthcare your focus over protecting the country's democracy?
#Mandate =78%want #IndependentCommission 
@GOP didn't take away your healthcare. @SenateDems @BarackObama did that. Recall the"If you like your plan you can keep your plan" lie?
Greg, you don't know my personal situation therefore you don't speak for me. Got it? good!
Nor do you have the right to force Americans to pay for your healthcare. You want better healthcare? Pay for it! Got it? Great! #MAGA
Wow such Hate from you to me, a stranger, who does pay for her own insurance. I also understand & care about other  #TrumpCare will Harm
Wow! Pogo, that wasn't sexist at all...and Trumpsters want to know why they're called #sexist.
My time is too valuable, Pogo! 
Thank you, Senator.
Trump obstructed justice,conspired 2 ruin our elections & asking FBI Dr.to go easy on Flynn,colluding w/Putin.Cowards won't look at it?
Americans deserve an independent investigation on the effects of the liberal media on American society.
After months & months of investigating you still have not a smidgen of proof of your alleged Russian interference
YEA OBAMA HAVING THE MUSLIM BROTHERHOOD WORKING N THE WHITE HOUSE STEALING OUR SECRET GOVERNMENT INFO THEY ARE THE ENEMY WHY DIDN'T U WORRY
Now we know it was not Russia, it was a Democrat staffer. Should we hire a special prosecutor to find out who at DNC ordered hit on Rich?

His name is OBAMA
How about that uranium deal your candidate Clinton made with Putin. When will you investigate? Your despicable!
And what will be done about it?
I voted Trump cause I know about Hillary's corrupt and lying past. The Hillary you all supported. Russian did not influence mt choice.
IF U LIBERALS WOULD GET OUT OF THE WAY AND LET THE PRESIDENT GOVERN, BUT NOT GOING TO HAPPEN BC UNDEMOCRATICS R POCKETING 2 & GETTING VOTES
WELL THY WONT COME FROM THE LYING UNDEMOCRATIC PARTY R THE LIBERAL NEWS MANUFACTURERS
That is true, how about we do @HillaryClinton at the same time?
@realdonaldtrump ..trump meddled in  our elections.. starts with the top, stop denying your involvement... guilty as sin!
Senator, when are you up for reelection?
I love all the comments from the Russian Trump bots. Keep up, please. Trump just casually shared intel with Russians, but ... crickets.
The American people deserve a government that works for the people, not to overthrow the government.
My conspiracy theory: Russians feed libs stuff against Trump to continue to upset our government and lib's take it.  Cause lib's don't care.
I'd add this:
Really Bob? Nobody has shown any evidence. What do you know about it?
Thank you, Senator Casey. 17522
.@SenCoryGardner Do you agree?  I do. 80301
Make it happen, please.
Correct, just like Water Gate, we have a right to know the truth!!!
And after the Russians meddled in the election to favor Trump, he now seems to be  paying back by giving them classified information?
I know I want answers! Apparently @GOP forgets the American people are their bosses, and this is a gov't OF, FOR, and BY the people, not GOP
Thus, the committee on voter fraud headed by Mike Pence, which you inexplicably are against.
It's time to start impeachment
I'm wondering if Sean Spicer wishes he was anywhere but where he is. He is supporting a dying 
Presidency of a mentally i'll lying Bozo.
Trump seems like a foreign adversary to BIG MEDIA  ESTABLISHMENT and ILLUMINATI WAR HAWKS
Debbie Schultz and Donna Brazille colluded to stop  Sanders from defeating Hillary in the Election.Obama interfered with Israel Election
John McAfee, advanced cyber-security expert, says no. (You'll never see that in the corporate media)  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dvj0v0W6yjk&t=23s …
Please find out what's happening
then get answers, not lies and hyperbole about "collusion" that doesn't exist. Stop playing politics with the answers
Donald Trump is a proven deadly cancer to the USA. Impeach him now or we all pay. Probably with our lives.
Sen Casey is there any question now that Russians & Trump colluded n election now that trump gave highly classified info to Russians in WH
Are you are willing to destroy our nation for your narrowmindedness and your petty partisanship. That's Russia's plan
Rick Saccone 2018
Gents.Nothing long. Just a sincere THANK YOU! for standing strong vs Trump #Kakistocracy. We the People support you. @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Another investigation needs to be launched into Trump's intell disclosure to Russian's last week!!! @RepRyanCostello @SenToomey unbelievable
And we should stop briefing him
that's an accusation.  Where is your proof?
During senators briefing by Asst AG, Dems need to demand special prosecutor!  All senators should, country before party, transparency needed
Well, I just watched Gen. McMasters totally destroy a long proud career with his Trump saving lies. So sorry. He was my last WH. hope.  
I can't believe that idiot Pat Buchanan is still alive and just as stupid. 
I am more concerned with our meddling in others.  Like promoting the death of Qhadaffi, an friend of west. Did you benefit, FRANCE
I want the answer to the assassination of Qhadaffi.  Hand it over.
Thank you!!
Now we need a leaker investigation , comey didn't open one we didn't vote for those clowns to run country . That why comey fired
How exactly did they meddle cause Washington post put out fake news or you have leakers Intel community putting out false info
WeThePeople will trust our own FBI only.We will not pay outsiders.Dems protected obama3ClintonsRiceLearner Fired.DemNot working4the People.
Please start with why you voted for obamacare?  Why my premiums wen't up $3,000/yr.  Why you're not proposing any fixes?
,Obama spied on the Trump admin, unmasking & leaks by dems, hillary had a basement server filled with classified info. Democrats are corrupt
Casey isn't getting reelected if he keeps this crap up. Stop obstructing Bob
There was no "meddling".   Hillary and Obama are guilty.
Russians influenced our election, now our president is giving them sensitive intel! How long will Republicans allow this to go on? SAD!
We deserve sanity. Get off the @Potus back and be an American for a change. End the fake news cycle, you guys look like idiots
You're talking about Hillary's campaign, right? Her Russian donations, Podesta's Russian shares, Maxine's Russian investments, Sen Warner?
And why is it our American GOP doesn't want answers? Do they now work for the foreign adversary?
I liked your op-ed, I'll keep calling/faxing MoCs
Exactly! It's about protecting our Democracy.  And now you have @POTUS leaking classified intel to them. Trump/Russia investigation a must!
Do you think this tweet will get you re elected? Not a chance, your done because you have done nothing in 2 terms. You don't deserve anothet
Exactly.  Why some do not want to know is beyond me.
Why would Trump give US classified info to a hostile nation????
Please recommend impeachment to the Congress. The president is unhinged, dangerous and an unfit commander-in-chief.
There has to be a crime committed in order for Impeachment. Numerous #Democrats have said no evidence
Time for GOP to act. Enough is enough!

https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/world/national-security/trump-revealed-highly-classified-information-to-russian-foreign-minister-and-ambassador/2017/05/15/530c172a-3960-11e7-9e48-c4f199710b69_story.html …
We've asked you for answers for the past 10 years. Nothing. So when will get those answers? Your campaigning and grandstanding.
Still waiting for any sign of real proof other that the "Everyone Knows #fakenews" defense that has been floated for months...
So what exactly did they meddle in, can you provide facts as to what they did, what exactly is the crime be, please enlighten us with Fact!
If HRC won no one would be talking about this lets get on with what we pay u for helping the American people stop wasting our $$
Exactly-what a juvenile embarrassment to #PartyOfHatred & wasteful for US all. #EnoughAlready
Americans will not rest until we get answers. See march for truth and justice on June 3.
Did Russia pull the lever for who won what u should be more appalled by the content of the emails leaked that is the truth
YOU ARE A LIAR AND A HYPOCRITE.
Republicans don't want to have rain on their tRumpublican parade! Don't care how POTUS got elected, they think he's with them. Fools!
Question, who the hell paid for Chelsea Manning to have a sex reassignment?  Has the world gone nuts?  Since when do prisoners get makeovers
The Trump movement is alive and well.  We laid low through election, went undetected by your stupid polls.  Don't underestimate us again.
Congressman, this time is like no other.  You politicians have banked on taxpayers not paying attention to what U R up to.  Not so since PT
We have to stop him from appointing a "LOYAL" FBI director. If this happens this regimes takeover will be almost complete. #SOS
Taxpayers,vote these obstructionists out in 2018. They have put party ahead of Americans, justice & country.  We R under attack from within
Americans are not stupid, we comprehend the issues.  Call 4 spl prosecutor is just another ploy 2 obstruct the forward momentum of President
The Dem party has tied it's wagon to the Clinton scandals.  First Bill, should have been impeached, then Hillary given free pass by Comey
Conclusion?  Suicide.  Congress does not have grounds for a special prosecutor.  You don't have a crime or a clue, witch hunt!
And we're getting those answers, and still no evidence that there was ANY collusion between Trump annd Russia. ENOUGH!
Bill Clinton fired his FBI DIR, one day after the mysterious death of his WH Council, Vince Foster.  Congress opened 6 investigations, SIX!
I got a message for you @SenBobCasey. PA families voted for border security, repeal, immigration reform, jobs, tax reform. DO YOUR JOB!
I live in PA and I will work to get you voted out Casey. You surely don't represent me. Thanks to Dems like you, I am no longer one.
Did not!
You bozos continue to bloviate lies and hypocrisy. WE THE PEOPLE voted YOU LOST! Keep up the lies and you'll LOSE in the next election too!
WE WANT A SPECIAL PROSECUTOR TO REOPEN THE HILLARY EMAIL CASE AND INVESTIGATE WHY OBAMA GAVE IRAN BILLIONS TO IRAN 2 FUND ISIS!!
How is the wall coming?  U cheating politicians took money under the Secure Fence Act then found other places to spend it.  Build the wall.
U hated Comey, U all called 4 his firing.  Now he's fired and U call a "timing" fowl.  We know where U stand, oppose and hinder.  Useless!
U continue 2 repeat same narrative, U sound like "rainman" I'm a good congressman.  America wants 2 move on, we don't need more obstruction
Russia did exactly what we do in many  foreign elections.  They did not affect results, only exposed Hillary's emails. Hillary sank herself
We don't want anymore investigators, I think 3 is plenty.  If you have a charge or assertion, spit it out, otherwise U waste taxpayer money
Ive yet to hear HOW exactly they meddled, can you tell us HOW? Leaks, tampered with votes, what? I
Great article. Funny byline.
Does it bother you all the lies DNC hid and got exposed? Nope. Not at all. Just who hacked them. Not what they revealed. You're vile
Thank you Senator Casey for getting health insurance for PA miners and for taking a stand against Trump
Convincing case for an independent commission, NOT a special prosecutor:
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2017/05/a-special-prosecutor-is-not-the-answer/526662/ …
@TheAtlantic
You're upset about the meddling, We deserve answers about all the crooked stuff the Clintons we're doing too. U don't care about that part.
Exposing truth and dirty deeds really pissed off the entrenched established ruling class, sunlight is a great disinfectant #MAGA
So #DNCfraud good ,  Russia bad even though no proof of election tampering  got it.
They have always meddled!  But your not interested in securing the vote really.  Supreme court said today no enforcement of citizen vote.
Israelis deserve the same through Obama meddling. Spare me Chuck.
How about some truth from WH?
Hit them hard Bob
@SenateDems are not capable of it. Oh, incase you didnt know @ChuckGrassley and @SenFeinstein have said @POTUS not under investigation
So glad my state has a senator who recognizes the urgency here.
Thank you!! @SenBobCasey cares about his constituents! @SenToomey stop pretending like nothing is going on!! This is not a partisan issue!!!
Move on and do something constructive for PA. This is why you are a part of the swamp
you have no party, and you're sinking, you have been since Obama took office. You've lost it all I don't see you getting it back..SUCKERS
You must love having a president who is dumber than you.
I don't care, the person that I for is now our President MAGA
Thanks for continuing to stand up for the truth! Proud to be your constituent!!
It's just sad to know that if your party had won, you wouldn't give a damn about this at all.
It was not a foreigner it was a disgruntled Bernie supporter who hacked dnc emails & gave them to Wikileaks Quit with theses made up stories
Lol
Do something you're useless
Americans need to be told that Russians have tried to meddle in elections around the world for decades.
What we really deserve is a balanced budget, deficit pay down,secure borders,make health care sustainable! We don't want deflection.
We want a person in the office who isn't deranged.
And that foreign adversary deserves retribution.  What are we doing to punish 
You really want to go there and compare handjobs in bathrooms and under aged boys in hotel room? No, you really don't. You should read.
You go Sen Casey!  We need and want answers to Russia's meddling & Trump's ties!  Thanks for speaking out. Proud PA Dem here!
Yes!! Please fight for a special prosecutor. Where's the GOP? Country over party
Maybe Ghetto owner Maxine Waters can help you
We the public want a special prosecutor for the Russia/collusion investigation!  Make it happen !!
and the Clinton email investigation, fast/ furious,  Benghazi,  ransom to Iran.
oh and unmasking
@KeithRothfus & @SenToomey  , how do you feel?
They have stated their reasoned positions. Look them up. Casey just demagogues. Look for truth elsewhere.
And when Obama meddled in Israels in the name of our government who was looking for the answers then?
Were you bitching when we invaded the wrong country hypocrite?
Satisfactory
Fake news from Punxsutawney Bob. He needs to go back into hibernation again.
You sir are a contributor to dumbnation of the nation. Thank you for contribution to stupidity.
I love you you still cling to the notion the free will is hackable.
it's anti-democratic to see dems bribe population of another country  with hugetax funded benefits to cross-border for votes at usa expense.
Yes by the name of George Soros...he has been for years
Wow. You really have a Fox News addiction. The president is a complete moronic liar and the best you can do is Soros? Education is a good.
Education or indoctrination...I will let you decide.
Fact: Fox News is indoctrination.
FOX, CNN, name any major outlet...they are all in it for the ratings.
We deserve impeachment
Well no one seems to even discuss what was found in the emails?????
We also deserve answers on #IRSGate, #IranGate, #ClintonFoundationPay4Play, Join us Sen. in getting these questions answered! We Want Truth!
This is why we #MarchForTruth in 70+ cities internationally.
Here's our current map.
Join us?
http://marchfortruth.info 
Yes. We want and deserve answers. And, from an independent investigation.
Real effective meddling. Clinton received 3 million MORE popular votes. Did Putin manipulate the electoral college too? Please!
Baloney. A government waste as much time and money as possible stunt.

Thank you!
Another of your Soros' buddies.
To think that there aren't foreign actors trying interfere with our elections is a short sighted belief. Has been that way since 1787.
Let's talk about meddling in free and fair elections in the post WWII era, shall we? https://williamblum.org/books/killing-hope#toc …
Actions speak louder then words Senator..please urge your fellow senators to end this before we are all lost...history will judge you...
Keep spinning this Narrative, and you will find your party voted right out of existence. America is tired of the political games- comprende?
