BREAKING: Trump administration mandating EPA scientific studies, data undergo review by political staff before public release.
Is there anyone we can put pressure on to ensure that the EPA continues research and publishing unhindered?
@AP Bob, the people own those data. We paid with our tax dollars. We have every right to access without censorship.
pls pls pls stay strong-  for all Americans.   You are OUR voice
@AP it's as if he wants to create a new version of reality which sadly many of his supporters will believe instead of truth.
Religion politicized. Why are politicians letting him get away with this? They shouldn't act out his craziness.
thanks for speaking out. Please keep the pressure up!
Are any republicans worried about this, or are they all drinking the kool aid? This should alarm everyone.
How can we help stop the dictator? I think he needs mental health intervention.
Thank you @SenBobCasey for your leadership in these troubling times.
If confirmed this would be deeply disturbing. Science should be the only consideration in these studies, not politics. https://twitter.com/AP/status/824374557893083146 …
Unfortunately, politics has been embedded in all parts of society, including scientists & colleges who rely on govt. funds.
@AP please stand  up for science! Congress is not our peers for review! #USofScience
@AP you represent PA voters and we voted for President Trump and his policies. Get on board or be replaced next election.
Thank you for fighting to preserve the EPA. You are right-science shouldn't be subjected to politics. It's science!
I fear Donald Trump.  How will we keep this country a free nation?
Thank you!
@AP so....ball's in your court.  I hope you folks can step up your game cuz we need your help!
Please stop this guy --- this is getting scarey .  Goebbels holocost quote comes into mind with his behavior
@AP it feels like we are in the middle of one of those novels we used to have to read in high school. Horrible!
You're back in the U.S.S.R @SenBobCasey
If confirmed this would be deeply disturbing. Science should be the only consideration in these studies, not politics. https://twitter.com/AP/status/824374557893083146 …
they will release the data after trumps hacks fill it with #alternativefact
This is horribly disturbing, among so many disturbing things going on.
@AP Every day there is another troubling statement from the Trump WH.
@AP For more on the relationship between science and society, see http://www.bbc.com/news/health-38717930 ….
@AP #PotusIsAmericasEmbarrassment
Not if you want to censure the findings!
What actions can you take to stop or limit this?
@AP Science is not political. You need to scream NO to this.
What can we do to oppose this?
This is Big Brother and the Ministry of Truth. Senator, please make this end.
Stay strong. I see you are being targeted by the 45Committee. It will be rough but you are doing the right thing. RESIST
what are you doing about this Senator?
@AP Thank you, Senator Casey!  You are showing us that you support our causes!
@AP deeply disturbing. Unfortunately not surprising. Hold fast Senator, we are with you!!
@SenBobCasey Are there still 3 Branches of the government? How does the executive branch get to run ramshod over all of these US Departments
@AP non scientists reviewing our top PhDs?   Please help stop this nonsense
How can a democracy allow this?
@AP our taxes are paying for these studies. No censorship.
@AP Control of information to the public has been a tool for authoritarian abominations through history. What do we need to do?
IMPEACH HIM
this is far worse than "deeply disturbing" this is government censorship. Who is starting the impeachment process?
change has always been based on politics & you know it, @JunkScience has proven false temps and lack of thermometers worldwide
@AP @realDonaldTrump argues that if you deny climate change then you don't have to pay for its consequences.
More "gag orders".
@AP Please do everything in your power to stop this insanity!
@AP Unconscionable!
@AP yep. Scary stuff
We want to be on the right side of history. Can't you and your colleagues stop this madness? It's only Day 5.
@AP Shut then down!!! They are going to kill us and this planet. Do whatever you have to. DO NOT PLAY NICE!
@AP where was that opinion a week ago?
some Prager videos on climate science
agree!  Please fight this. No offense, but congress doesn't have bandwidth or expertise to approve science. #factsmatter
with all due respect, the scientific method has not been used, climate is more about politics than true, suggest you watch
@AP where is Congress? More executive orders than Obama signed in two terms.
but Donald is all of these things,we can trust his judgement 
This what you & the Dem libtards have been doing for years. We're running a business now
what can we do???
@AP please tell us what to do. IMPEACH DONALD TRUMP
and put Mike Pence in the Oval?  The alternative is worse
your right
no offense but politics is getting involved with people's bodies...science isnt a stretch
Sad, but true...
Politics should look to neutral scientists for guidance, not the other way around.
please- when will Congress  do something about this? Can you at least tell US what we can do?  Our calls are not working
YES!!
@AP senator Casey. This is now more than scarey. What can you do to stop this insane person ?
Senator Casey. Obama admin. Ordered gag on the NWS and the NOAA in 2015. Why?  Double standard.
thank you. I swear I don't know what country I live in these days...
. Keep up the fight!
Completely agree. If confirmed I hope you will lead the fight against this horrible action. #1933AllOverAgain
well science doesn't exactly support their stated positions, soooo....
Senator, this is an #ImpachableOffense-DO YOUR DUTY
1984
