news flash Bob, he WILL be confirmed. You can kick and scream all you want, it's what we expect from childish Dems.
@TuckerCarlson Casey already campaigning for POTUS 2020. He has done nothing for PA Trump will! #morejobs
maybe you haven't heard but Trump is trying to take away healthcare and Medicaid from PA...
Guess u haven't heard premiums up 50-75%. Better choice w/New HC plan. Males don't need femaleHC
healthy, sick, man, woman: everyone paying the same is what keeps costs down
I don't need to pay for Papp smears or female contraception devices. Every pays same? Communism
I don't think that word means what you think it means.
thank you for standing up for the little guy
Nothing be partisan dribble. He is an outstanding choice and you know it Casey.
@SenToomey Fight Fiercely Senator, confirm Merrick Garland
Good luck finding another job after you get voted out in the next election.
that case only shows how the law that legislators wrote supports big business. Judicial branch doesn't make the law.
disgusting Democrat obstruction - the GOP gave up & down votes to worthless Sotomayor and Kegan - $$$ to ur 18 opponent
Thank you.
The only thing you're accomplishing is more seats for conservatives in 2018. But you go ahead & enjoy that. He'll be confirmed
Oppose cloture as well.
You are a partisan disingenuous senator who is only about getting reelcectd. Pennsylvania voted GOP because of your candidate
THANK YOU for voting against Gorsuch. The US can do better. Merrick Garland, eg
Gorsuch won't ensure"fairness for workers & families"?

U KNOW it's about constitutional compliance, not "fairness"

#Hypocrisy
boooo!!!
THANK YOU!
Elections have consequences I'm sure I heard that somewhere as so will your vote in 2018 Bye Bye Bobby #gorsuch
u should be embarrassed of this quote. His duty is to uphold law, not legislate it. If u can't draft a law correctly its on u.
Then again, ur a Democrat so I don't expect u to understand laws or our govt, just ur feelings & hypocrisy.
Thank you, Senator Casey
Surprise surprise, you can't think for yourself at all.
I look forward to voting against you in your primary
Bobby, I do why don't you tell me why you don't.
you sir, are a disgrace to the republic. God have mercy on your soul.
your refusal to allow a vote in the senate will result in you losing your next reelection bid. Democrats crybaby behavior costs
What has he done, in his past has you coming to this wrong decision
you lost my vote
Which is exactly why Trump nominated him - to benefit Trump and his cronies.
Correct answer.
Thank you, Senator.
And I think whomever your side would nominate would not ensure fairness either.  It's a no win  situation from either side.
If they will not answer the questions, you can't trust the nominee or the motive. #Ginsbergtest
@FemmesUnafraid ty Senator Casey!
And you aren't fit to represent the people of Pennsylvania. Looking forward to voting you out.
Thank you, Senator Casey.
And you ALWAYS do as instructed by the Democrat leadership.
Thank you!
My judgment is that you don't know how to spell judgment.
I 100% disagree with you.  Stand up for all the ppl of PA. You KNOW he's a good pick. Stand up to Schumer and vote yes.
Thank you for your work on this Mr. Casey~
you mean following the COnstitution approach? not precedent, which former justices have said were wrong? onus on Congress
"fairness" isn't the standard. Upholding the laws and constitution is.  Legislate better laws if you can't handle that.
please continue to stick to your ideology and what you think is best for Pennsylvanians. I will vote for you in 2018 if you do
Many of in Scranton believe he would be a perfect choice!
I do not believe you will have my vote ever again
you sir, are a bold faced liar  this is partisan politics at its worst
your red herring argument is embarrassing.
Thank you Senator Casey. Gorsuch's interpretations are too extreme.
You just want a political court.  Judges rule on the laws you pass.  You are failing the people of PA
Total BS! You just want to fight. Has nothing to do with Gorsuch. You should be ashamed of yourselves!!
thank you Sen Casey.  You set an example of how a representative should behave in Washington for his constituents @maddow
He sure does, sitting around and doing nothing,typical Democrat
What do they have in your control file.  A dark act on video??
you are so done in 2018,obviously don't care about what's right,just another crony politician that needs term limits invoked
It's a matter wanting your loss quick or dragging your loss substantially. Bottom line is you still lose.
not his job. His job is to apply the law. Your job to pass laws to protect pa workers and families. #confirmgorsuch
Nor will he help workers & families in New York State! All @SenateDems need to band together. Enough of GOP bullying crap!
Seriously? This man has an innate love for our country&constitution&an impeccable rep on the bench! Unite to #ConfirmGorsuch!
You just threw out your reelection chances.
change the laws upon which decisions are made. Fault for unfairness to workers falls on your shoulders.
You said that about Trump and he won
.@SenBobCasey Thank you. You are making the right decision. #NoGorsuch
You know a SCOTUS judge does not judge on fairness of a LAW you pass?  He MUST uphold the law & you know he will do that.
You have got to be kidding me. What a hypocrite you are. I bet you voted aye 10 years ago. #VoteYes on Gorsuch. #2018 v/nocasey
I'm a PA resident. Why oppose Gorsuch? He is very qualified. Quit with the politics! Don't follow @SenSchumer he's a nut!
thank you.
you are incorrect, i ask you to vote yes, you represent me a resident of PA. Gorsuch is an Amazing Jurist.
WRONG
Thank you- it's concerning for @POTUS,regardless of party to have campaign under investigation and put up SC nom for ~20+ years
bye-bye
I don't believe your approach does either.
sort of like the illegals u support who murder rape or maim children in Sanctuary cities like Philadelphia
thought you were more intelligent. You don't know PA families
Start looking for you new job in 2018.
are you kidding me? I'm in pa. See how fast you get voted out if you go along with these obstructionist sellouts.....
Nonsense...
you don't seem to support PA everyday folks!! Fairness to workers? What workers???????
You couldn't be more wrong. You're just voting along party lines. Voters will keep this in mind. It's a sad day for PA.
The right decision, the right vote.  He  should not even be having a hearing.  This event belonged to Garland.  Outrageous!
Drop your political agenda. It is not about you. By the way. Are you planning on running again?
Pathetic partisanship.  You're not the honorable Dem your father was.  Get your resume updated by Nov 2018.
So #TheHammer they have stuff on you too!Well say goodbye to your job if you oppose this nomination.
I stand with you, @SenBobCasey. Keep up the fight.
What do you mean by "approach"? Adherence to the rule of law? Your day is over, weasel boy.
Vote "NO" for Neil Gorsuch! NOT a good Supreme Court Justice pick!
Thank you, Senator!
please do NOT support Gorsuch. Total idealog
Thank you for your no vote on Gorsuch.
If you see @SenToomey, tell him we still need to talk to him.
#TuesdayswithToomey
ignore the bots & trolls. no pres under investigation for treason should be allowed lifetime appt to SCOTUS. right decision
Hope you enjoyed your time as a Senator you are done. I will actively campaign against you. #ByeCasey
Good! You deserve a senator who respects the constitution,Not a Dumbocrat senator like the one you have now. Good Luck!
Thank you Senator for representing your constituents.  WE WILL HAVE YOUR BACK, unlike 45 who is throwing his supporters under the bus.
You don't speak for me,I'm a trump supporter and so far he's doing a great job! You're a dumbocrat, so you wouldn't understand any of that
didn't you vote YES to his confirmation to 10th circuit?
Keep up the great work and you will have my vote in 2018
THANK YOU!!! So proud of you! Keep fighting, please. We are 100% behind you!
Thank you
thank you Senator
thank you for supporting the rights of all Americans. In times like these we need true Americans like you to stand up for us.
Thank you, Sen Casey from a proud Pennsylvanian! #TheResistance
thank you!
thank you Senator for standing up for the people of PA and all of US. Gorsuch shouldn't be on bench
hey thanks Senator Casey appreciate that wondering if you could knock some sense into Pat for us thanks
Thank you Sen. Casey !!
thank you for voting NO!
No sitting President under investigation for treason should be allowed a lifetime appointment to SCOTUS.
you just list my vote
Thank you for representing the best interests of your constituents! Thank you. #NoOnGorsuch
Thank you, @SenBobCasey
You are a joke! Gorsuch is more than qualified. Why do you want to destroy the constitution & the country, traitor!
sir I give you an A so far ...that plus would of been if u let drugs in from Canada ...oh well A is damn good
Thank you, Senator, for a giving #GorsuchHearing an in-depth & non-partisan look. Respect you a lot and praying for our country
Bobby putting politics over country again.  2018, Bobby.  See your way out.
then you are a fool!
No Way we will. E treated fair.
Kudos to demsenators who lacks credibilty to paint a man that  conducts himself in an ehical & dignified manner as bad.Grow up
Sen I live i Butler couty PA.  I want you to vote YES for Gorsuch.  He is exactly the caliber of man we need on the Supreme crt
allegheny county agrees
I do not believe that you ensure fairness for workers and families in PA!
will vote against you in 2018.  Funny how you confirmed him before
Judge Gorsuch will be there to uphold the law, despite your political agenda. End of story.
many truckers in PA are watching #Gorsuch nomination ... he is beholden to corporate interests. #StolenSeat
Agreed! And he's not likely 2 give kids & adults w/disabilities the opportunity 4 quality education & full independent lives.
thank you! Everything should be on hold will Trump is being investigated.
Pennsylvanians, let's remember this at election time!
judges interpret whether laws comply with the constitution. Your vote is strictly a partisan political objection.
Thank you @SenBobCasey
@SenSchumer Pls make case that no vote of any kind till Trump cleared of collusion. Period.
Thank you!
thank you!
or in Delaware, thanks for your no vote
your oath to support and defend the Constitution is your primary duty. Your allegiance is to party leadership. Disgusting.
Fairness is for all not just the little ppl.
It's not the job of SCOTUS to ensure fairness but to interpret laws your branch appeoves.
If he is going strictly by the law and not legislating like the 9th Circus Court, it will be good for everyone.
Thank you Senator
Thank you Senator Casey for representing us well! We, in Philadelphia, support you in this decision.
Thank you Senator Casey! Vote No
thank you!
Thank you so much @SenBobCasey! Its great to have my representative expressing my voice!
Bob, find your balls, break away from democrats and join others in voting YES for Gorsuch. SC needs a constitutionalist judge. 2018 coming.
Thank you.
Traitor. Why don't you actually represent your constituency which is your job?
appears your approach is biased and unfair. You're #pathetic
Thank you, Senator.
thank you so much
I read that there is a plan to make a deal with McConnell. Please don't do it. Americans are begging for a strong opposition
yes there is & then Dems will fall in line behind Gorsuch & he will be confirmed hopefully Ginsberg will go cold
Thank you, Senator.
I also do not believe he is a fair minded Justice, & I also am a firm believer in do not give Trump anything!
Thank you Senator Casey.
thank you!!!!!!
PA is doing a pretty fine job of screwing over its citizens already.  Hypocrite.
Thank you, Senator. Please encourage the nomination of Merrick Garland.
Merrick who?
Thank you. Gorsuch cannot be confirmed.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator.
I'm not happy here either but les pick our battles. He's a good judge & if Trump gets another pick its far more critical
He's getting through regardless, so why force a rule change? This pettiness has to stop. Blocking is only for show. Man up
