infused with hate and division! The division was here, @POTUS did not create it!
WRONG, Chris, trump promoted hatred during entire campaign. & by the looks of your TL, ur a hater 2
@JimJlr2 @DancingBear17 @SenBobCasey @POTUS any of these guys who have knights in their avi almost always RW white supremacist
maybe, just maybe you should read my timeline! Before commenting with no knowledge. #Liberal
I see your kind of avi all the time and the guys who use that are RW/white supremacist
Soros will keep the cash flowing....
Yeah, he paid off over 300, 000 in DC alone! Millions more around the world lol
He funds the organizations who organized the spectical. Duhh... Who paid for the busses to bring them in?
whatever u want to tell yourself to make u feel better.Do you have proof of this by the way? Real proof not Breitbart
I don't follow Breitbart. Soros funds every org. that organized the spectical. Look it up, easy to find.
that must mean you don't have the info...didn't think so.More People are catching on to the fraud everyday!That's fun
Spoken like a true Low Info.
no, I don't hang on Trumps every word,so my info is good.I know how to use the library..they have books, try it
thank you for committing to vote against Betsy DeVos. #DumpDevos
but voting with repubs to keep the costs of healthcare high. He doesn't care lololol.
the pharma industry is huge in the northeast. Too many constituents would lose jobs if he voted for this.
also how? The bill was about importing the same drugs to the US. Idk how that can make ppl loose jobs?  Read his report.
thank you for your tireless effort to support women and children #WomensMarch #WhyIMarch
Hahahahah
That bill would have reduced costs for women to 1/5. Read more tweet less.
Things women should march about but the March ignores

1. Murder of unborn
2. Oppression of women-MidEast
3. Education issues
No one is stopping you from organizing a march for anything you strongly believe in. Get moving!
better point is that no one is financing those views.
#thisiswhatdemocracylookslike 

http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2016/nov/14/republicans-call-clinton-obama-reel-professional-a/ …
i am with her
these groups are totally out of touch. Kind of like yourself.
NEVER QUIT?
@drdoodlie1994 We will keep marching literally/figuratively.Not just for women but for everyone. It's time they hear our voices
But when it comes to healthcare costs he will ignore you.
#thisiswhatdemocracylookslike
https://interc.pt/2ilz8ry 
the people of Pennsylvania voted for Trump! Senator Jeff Sessions deserves to be confirmed. Your "no" vote is a disgrace
48.8% voted for Trump. He has no mandate in PA.
Thank you for standing with us! From one of your PA constituents! Please keep fighting with us!
thank you senator! Keep up #theresistance we have your back.
thank you for your support and dedication to democracy.
Dafuq have you paid (get it) attention to his atrocious votes lately?
Thank you @SenBobCasey, I will! Senator Toomey is going to hear it every day!! #womensrights
thank you for being my congressman.
UPMC (#2 contributor), Highmark (#3) also thanked him!!
#thisiswhatdemocracylookslike

https://interc.pt/2ilz8ry 
but what did they. Protest about?
wait till we march in harrisburg .. You're on the corruption list too mr. Casey... Taking bribes from big pharma and others
Senator Casey, Are you aware that pro-life women were not welcomed. Pro-life group removed from sponsorship of event.
Thanks for getting it, Bob! I'm tied of those telling us to stay quiet.
he doesn't care about women. If he did he wouldn't have voted against women's health.
I don't think that resolution amendment vote was the most important vote for women /1
.@SenBobCasey Thank u for ur support! Please continue fighting for womens rights & minority rights. Don't forget why u chose public service!
Thank you for your recognition. Registered PA voter here who wants best for ALL people. Thank you for your help.
TRUMP CREATED ALL OF IT. THE GOP LAPPED IT UP, LIKE KIDS, W/COOKIES, MILK. #BULL
Thank you Senator Casey!  Proud to be one of your PA constituents!
thank you for that statement.
Thank you Bob Casey for helping us in PA! Keep up the good work!
could designate the west coast as official protest zone.  Keep them contained behind walls too.
PA was represented well!
You encourage the continued murder of unborn babies? Really.
@MichealGrace13 THIS was not peaceful & I have always felt equal. It starts in mind as laws already protect equality.
Your definition of peace is what's wrong with politics.
thank you for making us #pennsylvaniaproud!
>Has potential for profound change
Votes down bill that would reduce costs of birth control for women. 
 just a bandwagon er
strange show of no class foul language baby killers,complaining of no class potus,really lose credibility when you read signs
#SeanSpicerPressReleases I am very upset with the spicers tone? Fascism
peaceful protests are the key to returning this country to greatness. Peaceful not foolish!
Thanks Sen Casey. I'll be expecting you to drop in to rally I'm planning for Milford PA this summer. Stay tuned
you mean the people blocking steets in D.C.?
I agree more peaceful protests need to occur. Fighting never solves anything in regard to the relationship between us as humans
thank you. Was in Philly today. Very inspiring. I won't ever give up on our country
Thank you!  And don't worry, we aren't stopping!
Thank you. It was spectacular.
PS: your PHL staff is fantastic when I call.
#props. Love what you're doing. Keep it rocking.
@NiCFRESCHi I hope the democrats can figure out how to capture this momentum instead of pissing it away.
Please Vote No to Secretary of Education  Betsy
- you're welcome!
Not surprised coming from a beta brainwashed Senator. Obama & HRC support Islamic jihadi's & you dopes protest Trump.
Let's hope!!!! Now push hard for justice and equity!
keep fighting for Pennsylvania!  We cannot go backwards!
it will for naught if you don't do your part. You KNOW what you have to do. Filibuster the hell out of this GOP nightmare.
quickly can you tell me what this women's march is about when the very women exclude other women based on their beliefs/gender
Disagree, this is counterproductive. Should hav made voices heard before election. Now we have a new pres. Give him a chance.
you are a cuckold. #WomensMarch
Proud to be the 900the retweet. Keep it going!
Are you showing solidarity at a #WomensMarch ?
Yes keep it up! You will keep losing! #outoftouch #maga
Hey Bob, why no mention of those liberal Democrat activists breaking windows, setting fires and destroying businesses.
thank you. Over one thousand of your constituents in Bethlehem today.
please convince your republican against Betsy Devos
protestors were treated horribly in Scranton yesterday. So sad
@Matt_Maisel is that change for all, or just for the special interests.
yes yes woman power
Thank you! We are counting on you to help us hold the line and take him to task! Your integrity is a beacon in the darkness.
with Trump and Rep Congress? Good luck with that!
.@SenBobCasey we are gonna need you to stand up.
Love @SenBobCasey
Who is going to make sure the campaign's ties to Russia are investigated in a bipartisan and independent review?
I agree, but protests will only elicit change if it inspires people to run for office and others to get out and vote.
@PatriciaNPino please resist and keep the senate dems strong.
Casey loves those BABY KILLERS. He will be leaving in 2 years.
Trump will turn this around and say many of the women were marching to support him. Waaaiiit for it...
Thank you @SenBobCasey . Marching in solidarity with you all from Toronto Canada today.
Here's hoping that Republicans are paying attention.
Thank you @SenBobCasey for your words of support & inspiration. Proud to walk among my community today #phillywomenmarch with love & hope.
Your father would not have felt the same about a group that excluded pro-life supporters.
Can someone tell me the exact change they want in order to feel equal?
and VOTE for those who agree.
Your father was a statesman.  He said he was pro-life and he walked the walk. @demsforlife
shame on you.
@Matt_Maisel Let's just pray it stays peaceful, unlike yesterday's protest.
thank you for your support! Together with your leadership in Congress we can make a difference. Real reform for real people!
Peaceful or not, it is still intolerant and hateful.
  Tell me who preaches Tolerance again??
@jeffreymar Hey, Sen. Casey. Can you ask @marcorubio and @SenBillNelson to comment on today's events, please. Thanks.
YOUR PROTESTING AGAINST OUR POTUS THATS TREASON NEVER SAID A WORD ABOUT OBAMA BRINGING IN REFUGEES TO KILL US THAT MAKES YOU A TRAITOR.
Thank you for being my US Senator & representing me.
Thank you for your support, Senator!
you may say terrorist Baby killers shameless March
Senator please save ACA and Planned Parenthood.  Ppl need health care
Abortion is murder! What about the Babies Rights? Planned Parenthood Cuts Babies Apart And Sells The Body Parst
thank Senator Casey keep up the good fight. Please vote against bad cabinet nominations
It's a joke.  
@DemsTalk AND make sure Senator that President Trump is held accountable for VIOLATION of the Emolument clause- DO YOUR JOB!!
can you articulate that any clearer Senator, what profound change? What's specifically are you talking about?
Philly resident here counting on you to stand up for our rights!
At least for the next four years. @SenBobCasey
Thank you, Senator
https://twitter.com/KrystalTimothy/status/822876252969242627 … #Censhorship of National park service.
http://gizmodo.com/national-park-service-banned-from-tweeting-after-anti-t-1791449526?utm_medium=sharefromsite&utm_source=Gizmodo_twitter … #CENSORSHIP WE MUST STAND UNITED! #impeachtrump
are you marching, Senator?
hahahahahahah 
But he cares remember?
Support Articles of Impeachment.  Trump is noncompliant with the U.S. Constitution
Thank you for making yourself available and reachable
