Breaking: FBI refused WH request to knock down recent Trump-Russia stories w/@evanperez @PamelaBrownCNN @mkraju http://cnn.it/2lwzX5I 
@AdrianneCurry @POTUS @FBI then release all the facts to the public Media is allowed to report their was colusion w/out facts
Got that right.
/ Except when Obama & AG Lynch have their hand in controlling FBI investigations?
So what are you going to DO ABOUT IT?!?@SenBobCasey @POTUS @FBI
well he tweeted, so +1
Tweeting is almost nothing. I want subpoenas.
my bad bruh, i was being sarcastic.
sorry.
we are all sorry. Very sorry. For everything.
no shit. Jesus.
It's deeply disturbing that you would say this when there's no proof of ties to Russia.
what's disturbing is that you won't allow yourself to comprehend the evidence that already exists.
What evidence is that specifically?
why did Flynn resign?
the notion that potus and a candidate for potus would strike a deal on a private plane on an open inv is disturbing
Don't be disturbed.  Be angry.
.@SenBobCasey @POTUS @FBI How dare they call..... they should have met on a tarmac in the desert to discuss the case like #democrates
The integrity of the entire US government is at risk; appears Admin sold out to Russia
The notion that the FBI would even respond to such  a request is deeply disturbing.Or that Devin Nunes would......
I believe there are 2 versions of FBI, majority top notch, minority for Trump, kinda like election.
There definitely seems to be 2 separate groupings within the agency.
What can be done about them blocking the free press who covered this story? This is not supposed to happen in the USA.
FBI informed Trump about Flynn weeks before and he did nothing. Only after it was leaked publicly did he have act.
Trump has an underlying agenda to stop leaks because he fears what might be leaked about WH ties with Russia.
get your fact first Mr Senator.   It wasnt a call and the FBI told them the press has it wrong.  Take a nap
@funder @MarcusC22973194 @Khanoisseur  @FBI Senator I find it even more disturbing Burr/Nunes asked IC to squelch #Trumprussia
the house of Cards that OUR COMRADE  POTUS has set up is falling apart. So SAD so UNFAIR So about time
Get the real story before commenting like you are supposed to
it's disturbing? What u gonna do about it about him. Do your jobs
The American ppl need you to bring in a Special Prosecutor! Trump has broken more than ONE law already! @VP @CIA
fake news. FBI called WH & said there was problem but couldn't speak out on it. WH asked if they can quote Comey.
not surprising at all though.  FBI got US into this Trump mess, only fair they get us out.  Keep investigating.
Ummm...a lot more than disturbing....it's impeachable.
Well then Senator Casey, do something about it.
Dictator Kim Jon Trump I'm afraid. What has America done.Morally bankrupt now.
You're being way too kind with your concerns.
@DaShanneStokes @POTUS @FBI @SenateGOP Ethics Investigation. stop CYA'ing
so let's see GOP lawmakers do something about Trump instead of whispering in an undercurrent and doing nothing
Oh, only disturbing, okay
Why are Dems not saying this over and over again just like Repubs w/ Clinton and Lynch!
Sir, the fact that they DID makes it illegal
it's an admission of guilt
Keep it Up!!!
Senator, please be our voice. Stand up and speak out publicly. Call a spade a spade.
corruption?
This should be considered obstruction and the beginnings of impeachment.
Hey pot calling kettle You BURIED so many about Hillary and Obama Bengahzy Clinton Foundation and on and on Dufus
Is it true and verified?
.@SenBobCasey @POTUS @FBI Agreed. One more "deeply disturbing" event to add to a rapidly growing list.
Thank you, Senator Casey! Make some noise and demand an investigation!
But FBI went to WH with investigation info!! Something fishy on BOTH sides. NEED INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION!
@damonbethea1  Senator we need an independent investigation.  This is a potentially impeachable offense.
when trump & his minions finally go to jail he'll be screaming "rigged!" "fake!" "Liars!" & O really will be TNB!
only means one thing, they are hiding something, trying to prolong an impeachment hearing r u in favor impeachment
total outrage. When will we get rid of this whining fool in the Whitehouse?!
So close to obstruction of justice, you need a line judge and a magnifying glass to see if it is over the line.
because we're all tired of hearing about Russia. Move on and get some real work done Sen. Otherwise your next 2 go
the outgoing administration spying on the incoming is disturbing
agreed. @POTUS is a danger to our democracy and the safety of the entire world. @FBI need to vigorously pursue all wrong doing.
disturbing that you are against the FBI telling the truth
Thank you for speaking out against this corruption! @SenToomey will you do the same?
What can you do about it? what will you do about it? Sir, this is the only country we have.
Also disturbing is the failure of Congress to act. @SpeakerRyan  and @SenateMajLdr seem very happy with Trump.
Someone needs to take his twitter away from him.  This is Nixon all over again.
It's never been done before.
thank you Senator. This administration has to know they have to answer to the people.
yes, what are you going to do about it?
Your listening to CNN who was just exposed yesterday of being unethical! Come on Sen Casey, ur for all PA!
YOU'RE.
That's rude!
I had no room & I wanted to fit on 1 page. Come on
They MUST be eventually impeached. It will be a fine line between being able, and still having the ability to do so
why did you not find it disturbing when Bill Clinton was on the plane with lynch ? Didn't hear any outrage then
downplay?it was to state the truth-no Russian connection found.If you can't be honest to America, be honest with yourself
Isn't that what got Nixon impeached? What cha waitin' for?
...history repeats itself, angry President calling for the "leaks" to stop. What's next, "I am not a crook"
Keep the info in the data bank to include in the Articles of #Impeachment.
@jimsciutto @evanperez @PamelaBrownCNN @mkraju Senator Casey This is one vote who will be there for you! Thank u
everything is disturbing lately.
Senator, this admin went past "deeply disturbing" a long time ago. Call it for what it is.
@jimsciutto @evanperez @PamelaBrownCNN @mkraju DUH...
