Real America - Moderates & Dems - needs to take back our country in the '17 & '18 elections, and send these people to prison.
If the people don't hold Trump & the GOP accountable for their actions, there won't be consequences. And that's unacceptable.
the long and the short of it is simple! Sessions is an idiot!
didn't see you hold Lynch or Holder to same standard #hypocrisy #daysnumbered
@chaskapat Sessions Has to RESIGN @SENCORYGARDNER He lied under oath. @senbennetco Sessions must be removed. #trumprussia
he shouldn't even have recused himself
trump/rusia is false news
They need to do both!
there is no connection to Trump/Russia are you living under a rock?
You sure are, Loretta.  Come out!  We're smart out here!
hypocrite!
:Session's is a racist & like Trump wants to tie everything to Obama.#Trumprussia
Sessions is as dirty as they come. He must resign.
.@SenBobCasey @AP Now isn't that brazen of him! The man must resign, his credibility gone after breaking the law he's sworn to uphold!
This is a ridiculous waste of money   Does this administration do anything that will actually help the country?
Ashamed 2own sordid cause fromwhence disaffection springs, AG adds meanness 2meanness, endeavoring 2hide under mask ofhypocrisy
Get them out!
@funder @AP @USAGSessions must RESIGN and face charges for perjury!
@Positividad3 @AP 
How about we #PURGE @jeffsession?
@Trumpnado2016 This is Trump hitting back HARDER! He's putting up fight by deflecting with a BS maneuver, bashing OBAMA, Dems!
That's what his crazy tweets are all about. You see them & he distracts u from the real issues
wow, just wow. What has the "angry voter" done to our country?Why does the GOP continue to remain silent and combative to truth
They are still lining their pockets. They don't care about Americans. It's all about the money and the power
AG Sessions perjured himself in front of the entire world and should be removed from office at the very least
Why is he still AG? He committed perjury. We all saw it. We all know it. He needs to either be removed or resign.
He's part of the whole
of course he is: he loses his job if #TrumpRussia is uncovered.  But @maddow  is on the job!
Of course! Most repubs do NOT want to investigate Russian connection.  They have far much to destroy!
Please keep pressing for the truth and justice. Don't ever fall for their strategy of diversion.
turns out Flynn is a foreign agent on Turkeys payroll!   How did he manage to get senate confirmation?
So pathetic! They call themselves the true Patriots but they have sold their souls to Russia!
This administration is trying to cover up something big using deflection tactics. Don't allow them to get away with it.
@p3R1n01D @AP he needs to resign
So remember this, and when Dems are back inpower, investigate not only Trump Regime but GW Bush
@inky_mark ...maybe that's why he got the job. I wonder...
Doesn’t Sessions know that makes him look like a complete fool? I guess I shouldn’t be surpised though…
@David4justice48 @AP How completely and unacceptably biased of a supposedly neutral representative of the law >:(
Sessions has got to go!
this is outrageous. Please do everything you can to obstruct this juggernaut of ineptitude that is the GOP
@Anonymaustrap @AP things that make you go hmm
Sessions should be disbarred and not talking about "investigating" ANYone but Trump.
AG Sessions lost the right to even comment on the TrumpsRussia incident. He is a liar. He cannot be trusted. Traitorous
damn hypocrites like Trump think of themselves. Veterans r homeless, Seniors r expendable, kids r hungry, Congress gets raise
Well Senator when #AGSessions & newly cough cough registered as Foreign Agent Flynn are buddies it speaks volumes
You are embarrassing! #Resign
@PrincessBravato @AP #TheRealDonaldTrump Not surprising being part of the most corrupt admin in our history
It is called deflection and trump's house is famous for it. When they are caught, they deflect to different issue.
the best deflection that triggers his supporters is to blame Obama! Obama didn't collude w/Russia. Trump did
It doesn't matter cause their reasoning capacity doesn't exist since they are brain dead Walking stiffs, IMO
We need to press heavy on Sessions. Resign & testify under oath his re: #kremlingate
Hypocrisy reigns in Trump regime.
Keep pushing!
well I wonder why he is just as much a part of the Russian matter as Trump and al of his ppl. Cover-up is exactly right.
Sessions lied under oath about his involvement with Russia but pictures and him later admitting what more do u want get him out
@AG Sessions needs to investigated right along with Trump. Trump was sued 3 x in last 24 hours for WA hotel.
where was the investigation of the IRS targeting conservatives?
that's because he is also guilty. How can you investigate yourself?
the swamp is FLOODING!!
Is there a difference between the two?  Come on Jeffy!
it's the same thing isn't it? Obama's in big trouble
think AG Sessions needs to resign since he can't do his job properly.  Oh and the elves are looking for him.. he is AWOL
@maitlandscully @AP No surprise, Sessions is trump puppet. Shows how crooked trump government is!
and the AG needs to go to prison
pure insanity!!! But typical
Sounds like he took lessons from Loretta Lynch.
Coretta Scott King tried to warn us but @SenWarren was not allowed to read her letter to congress.
Because TrumpRussia was a complete farce.
Sick isn't it? The bias and hypocrisy is unfathomable. I detest these morons.
This is what a kleptocracy looks like, Senator. Please keep fighting. I just donated to your re-election campaign.
He needs to go bye-bye, now. @POTUS #ShowUsYourTaxes
demon http://tinyurl.com/zy6r9zx  http://tinyurl.com/zynwehe 
Awans http://tinyurl.com/zna4dro 
Next step to fascism: Criminalize predecessors. And Congress does nothing about Trump/Russia!
Please call on AG Sessions to resign now! It's past time to do so! #realPA
big radical never get elected again people are getting smarter
why you are I congress I'll never know  u dont know what to switch on next
Please Please get the Russia Investigation going! If half of whats being reported is true, Trump belongs in Leavenworth. 
Prison. @maddow also reported on this. How long must we wait until justice is served? Who will prosecute him?
, gross.
When are you going to do something about @realDonaldTrump's ties to Russia?
So WHO's finally going to get some balls & charge Sessions w/#PERJURY & initiate #impeachment hearings, @SenBobCasey? @AP #VetsAgainstDrumpf
Drain the swamp huh? Right.
:Of Course! He's not going to bite the hand that's paying him!Why we need a THOROUGH IMPARTIAL INVESTIGATION OF TRUMP&CO!
#what??
This is a serious matter. Russia connection and perjury have to be investigated. 
Senators and Press have to ask questions.
Why does he still have a job?
That is so wrong and crooked!! 
what r u guys doing in the senate BTW??????!?
@funder Sessions is up to his eyeballs in this collusion & was put in place to protect the coverup.
Obviously.  Because Obama is not cutting Sessions in on the 19% of Rosneft.
why hasn't Sessions resigned
Does this really surprised anyone.Comrads stick together. The country B dammed.Their treasonous actions will B remembered
Defies all logic and reason and makes your head want to explode.
do you think Jarret and everyone else should get the same cell as O's Benghazi scapegoat Mark Basseley Youssef?
that would make sense coming from the left of the bell curve...good to know you're pro gitmo 
This is petty shit to distract the American people from Session's shenanigans & the fact he is a pathological lair. @SenBobCasey
Business as usual.  Sad!
AG Sessions needs to resign and be charged with perjury. He lied under oath for all of America to see. Russian collusion.
Well, you know. That's how it is with this administration.
the WH should put this much effort in to the Opioid abuse problem. Or the JCC threats.
oh #ffs what is the matter with these republicans.  Have they any decency left?
Dictators often discredit and blame their predecessor,  jail them if they can. Just saying.
@funder Didn't Sessions recuse himself from any investigation into Russia? Get him the hell out of there! Fire him for Perjury!
it's an attempt to muddy the water.
Hey, @AP what tf do u mean "openness?" Our democracy was tampered with by a foreign aggressor. Get your shit together.
he must be following DJT's orders
You can't say you're surprised, can you?
shocking and ultra-partisan behaviour. He would have resigned already!
@GrnEyedMandy @AP that's not at all sketchy!?
Blatant Partisanship at its worst.
Thank you for you service and dedication to the public interest.  The corrupt GOP will pay a political price for this abuse
It is unconscionable.  This is absolute insanity. Do something NOW before they completely control EVERYTHING and ruin our govt.
u fool
If Looney Tunes ever did a cartoon of Trump Administration, Elmer Fudd would play Sessions.
I think the best punishment is jail in a predominantly black prision
You denied any wrongdoing by previous admin but it clearly happened. No evidence of Trump wrongdoing. Biased & partisan!
How does That make any sense ?
But Sessions hasn't recused himself from any post election investigations.
I couldn't be happier that you are my Senator! Keep fighting!!
@funder divert and deflect.
@funder Is anyone really surprised by Sessions? He's a racist liar. He needs to resign. Looks like he lied about meeting too.
@funder @AP Simple. Trump is white. Obama is black. Sessions is racist. Not rocket science.
exactly
Sessions must resign!
@funder @AP throw him out
get him out of there Bob! Sessions must resign! He lied to the body of government you work in!
@_elissa_johnson Little Jeff is as sharp as ever. He will get to the bottom of it!
@funder @AP This @POTUS administration is comprised of con artist. Hopefully they'll soon become convicts. #trumprussia
@funder Can you say deflection #dirtyhands #trumprussia #investigatetrump
Yes. He is. Because he was prepared to cover TRUMP's financial& treasonous crimes. And sidetrack attention from TRUMP& clique
Sessions needs to go. He should've been forced to resign by now.
@funder @AP seriously he needs to resign now
Party over Country....  Sad
The Dems CANNOT allow this!!!
Will you do something about our borders if Russia invades? #Lawmaker enables #Lawbreakers
Please do everything you can to get these corrupt people out of the Government!
shouldn't he recuse himself from this too?
It's the same song and dance: block USSC nominee, special counsel; but when it's someone else, immediately begin the tears.
imagin that
Bob u are not wat we want here in PA, stop spreading lies I hope u lose next election, bad rep sit in timeout snowflake
@Patrickesque 
When Dems are back in power, I hope they won't overlook this like they overlooked Iraq. We need Dems w/backbones
PLEASE demand a special prosecutor and full independent investigation into #TrumpRussia.  Thank you.  We are counting on you!
#SmokeAndMirrors
they haven't a shred of decency.
sarcasm is the lowest form of wit Senator Bob.
He needs to resign then be brought up on charges for Perjury and imprisoned.
No bias here justice for all!
, this is beyond the pale. Special counsel to investigate what isn't an issue, but none to investigate what is. Outrageous.
@reDQlus Russian 
He should investigate the big pile of shit  #TrumpRussia that's sitting in the middle of the White House now.
Sessions is proving he's unethical & unfit 2 be AG. A man who lied under oath & covers up 4 corrupt DT can't lead the DOJ.
Why hasn't Sessions resigned? He doesn't get to decide #TrumpRussia.He shouldn't even be in office.
OMG these pople are so corrupt it is our public duty to bring them down!
Trump must have told him to do that. #ButWhatAboutRussia
Sessions needs to resign. He perjured himself.
Are you an ExPat? If you're a Canadian citizen then what's the point?
call him out!!!
What matter?  There is none.
Why isn't he fired by now?  Why is GOP allowing Russia to rule our country via these morons?..oh wait...duh...
It's an clumsy attempt to get around his recusal -same facts & circumstances & time period.  Get a special prosecutor appointed
@jeffsessions must resign, clearly he is not acting independently.
The man is a liar and still has a job??
Seems 2 B the way of the GOP
he shouldn't be investigating the obama admin either. He's hardly unbiased.
I agree.
Anything to distract from Russia.
Beating a dead horse.  There's NO evidence of collusion.  None! Zero! Zip! Nada!
Are you shi**ing me?  Something has to start happening.  Seriously.
the Republican party is getting slimyer and slimyer it's disgusting
what about Sessions' lie?
Sessions needs to go he's a liar. Cannot be trusted to serve as a AG.The GOP is covering trumps ass on the Russian connections
@BillieCossette @AP Raise your voice Senator. Scream it out. Enough with the niceties to the Carrot king and his elfen servant
He committed perjury. End of discussion.
#RESISTANCE
How is that POS crook even still AG? He belongs in a prison cell not inoffice
because the Trump news is bogus. You should know this.
Corruption in the Trump administration. An investigation based on fevered tweets. No surprise at all.
Of course as Russia seems to have been filling Session's bank account for years & POTUS gave him the job.
You know if any Russia Trump collusion Obama Justice would have found You want special counsel to stoke promote talking point
sessions scares me. Please keep the pressure on him.
Should they get to choose?  Because OVERRIDE!!!!  Stop them at all costs for the planet's sake; like a tick; hard to dislodge!
nope, investigate the corrupt guy in office now, stop trying 2 chase his crazy lies & covering for him! We want facts on Russia
let's deal with getting new healthcare. This other stuff is just noise.
Are they kidding?? Senator what is going on here?? This is outrageous!! The crookedness of this administration is insane!
#Trumprussia #trumplies #TrumpLeaks #russiagate #TheResistance #resist 
#maddow
Nothing to see over there...
