Gun enthusiasts found a cheap hack in 'bump stocks,' which let a semiautomatic rifle mimic a fully automatic one http://on.wsj.com/2fJzU2w 
Dope. Next ban assault rifles!!
Assault rifles are pretty much already illegal unless you have a hefty bank account and patience. Semi automatics are NOT assault rifles
Yea this guy def had a hefty bank account and plenty of patience lol. Just my opinion no point in making assault or semis available at all
Oh absolutely man I totally agree. I’m pro gun but I also believe there’s ways to prevent these tragedies with certain gun control laws
Bolt action maybe? I gues some hunting rifles could be semiauto? Pics of his room were leaked n the guns he had were so ridiculous to have
Unfortunately we had a shooting here not long ago with an AK illegally obtained
Icic. Ya next key step is stopping illegal distribution. See ppl need more healthy discussions and less arguing haha way too rare anymore
Yeah black market definitely needs a crack down man better regulations too! and too many people are one sided and close minded these days
We're counting on you, Senator.
I have seen the the enemy and it is you.
Really, over bump stocks, get a grip.
Really, more like over Sen. Casey and his long standing anti gun position and ignorance of firearms law. Bump fire was legalized under Obama
Are you seriously blaming Obama for approving #bumpstocks? The guy that was supposedly trying to "take arr guns"??
The ATF could not deem Bump Fire or Slide Fire (proper name) devices as weapons. The horse is out and u want to close the door.
Per the existing laws, and laws change to keep up with the world. The "too late" argument is as weak as they come. Do right by the future.
That makes absolutely no sense. What r u gonna do. Confiscate the millions of bump fire stocks out there? Americans need to get off drugs.
You know you're on the fringe when you can't understand why even the #NRA is calling on the ATF to review #bumpstocks.
It's not good enough to say there's nothing we could have done.
So very happy you are doing this - it is a beginning. Just hope republicans don't plan on this will mollifying us.
Thank you
Gun Control 4 Dems is a base builder issue like Obamacare 2 Repubs they   got people 2 vote 4 them knowing can't & won't do anything about the  issue. With 53 Dems taking $ from NRA & other Dems worried about reelection issue going nowhere both side lie 2 their base
4 months after Barack Obama became President Senate Democrats voted 2 expand gun usage on federal land Watch! there R @ least 5 Dems N red  states who R up 4 re-election N 2018 who will not vote 4 any gun   restrictions & they are facing no serious challenges from the left.
I hope U feel like U R doing well.It only stops the gen. public from having 1. Any child can go 2 the library 3D printer & make 1 in 20 min
Excellent. Pls also shut down HR 367 that legalizes silencers and cop killer bullets if it gets to the Senate. #CommonSenseGunSafety
Thank you Senator! If the GOP won't allow a discussion on gun control (because apparently all hunters need an automatic weapon to go hunting with), we should be able to stop these hacks, hopefully, to save lives!
We don't hunt with full auto weapons. They have been heavily regulated since 1934.
No vote on you next election
Can you sponsor legislation to make sure Bob Mueller is not fired?
Thank you! It's not good enough to send our thoughts and prayers anymore.
Were is the legislation for alcohol and drunk drivers. More people are killed by drunk drivers than by rifles with mods TRUE!!!!!
HOW DID THIS DEVICE EVER GET LEGAL IN THE FIRST PLACE.  IT TURNS A SIMI-AUTO INTO A MACHINE GUN.  MACHINE GUNS ARE ILLEGAL!
Ask Obama, they were  cleared in 2010 by his ATF.
Check your facts on bump stocks Bobby. You should also ban Airplanes since they were the mass casualty tool of 911 ;)
@NicoleEncarna14 . hello. Mr senator
Unfortunately, sales of bump stocks have already skyrocketed since the shootings.
It's bad enough that military weapons are available to the general population, but a gadget that converts it to automatic should be banned
What about banning automatic weapons altogether? Enough is enough is enough.
Ya let's make  laws against murdering and drugs too smdh
all you guys think this shit is funny?
- people are dying in our soul so some idiots can play with dangerous toys
- is that fair?
@PaulBegala 
This is such a no brainier.  You would think we would all agree.
Maybe u need to start with the weapon that can be converted. Ban Semi automatic weapons and the add-ons.
Alright, but let's pass HPA and reciprocity. This is still a right. #IAmTheNRA @NancyPelosi
That's a small step, but thanks you! And let's take a close look at your colleagues who are beholden to the @NRA:
Thank you so much for addressing this important issue; and addressing gun regulations in general.
Look plebs, bread crumbs. Be grateful
Please do! Don’t let everyone throw stuff in there to give them a reason to vote no.  If it’s got to be done one step at time-it’s okay.
Bobby learned a new word. How precious.
Keep up the pressure don’t let them tell you it’s a right to be able to rapid fire 800 rounds of ammunition in a short time
Thank you!
How about throwing in a gun safety class and a mandatory liability insurance requirement?
There's the absolute least you can do. Thx
Trump could possibly just nullify the law that was passed by Obama to allow bump stocks.
Thank you, Senator Casey!!! 17522
Because this is what PA families care about. #tonedeaf #papolitics #tcot
Outlaw them. Make posession of a bump stock a felony. Make the gun nuts who own them turn them in for no comphensation.
Beeecause you just learned what they are today.
Show me a proposed legislation that will stop a shooter like the one in Las Vegas. He was virtually a ghost according to law enforcement.
Senator Bob Casey mimics a man who has a set!
Vote Senator Bob Casey out of office. He obviously doesn't understand americas constitution
THANK YOU!
Good move.  I am not anti gun, but see no legit use for those.  Also, we need stronger enforcement of all existing gun laws.
Thank you.
Then please do more. Thanks again.
But you refused to cosponsor #MedicareForAll because you don't truly care about your constituents. Thanks a lot Bobby!
I'd rather ban politicians with IQs below 85 who get elected because of their father's name.
While you're at it, ban heroine too. Oh? It's already illegal? How's that ban working out? Let's adopt Chicago's gun laws. It works there.
How ‘bout assault rifles instead.
Thanks to be sure, but it's like saying I will put a bandaid on a gaping wound from a gunshot.
Going to give all other assault rifles a free pass...please don't.
Go Bob! Fight the good fight, the just fight. Ignore trolls.

Lead the way @SenBobCasey! Where is @SenToomey...silent on common sense gun control.
It's a good start.
Thanks for fighting the good fight Senator!
I suggest changing them to Class 3 to get GOP on board. As hard to get as a machinegun.
Do your research on gun facts!  Need to ban Senator Bob Casey!!!
 anywhere is a good place to start! Sensible gun regulations are all "We The People" are begging for!!
We need so much more, including not selling to mentally ill, at gun shows, background checks, no conceal carry reciprocity, but thank you.
It's a start
Prepare to be disappointed again. #retire.
Thank you!
Bump stock does not make a weapon fully automatic.  You are painting a burning house to make people feel better.
And how about a ban on semi automatic and automatic weapons, and ammo? If ur gonna do this be effective.

This is so great! One baby step toward some sanity in this country. Thank you.
So happy to hear that, Senator, but please take it a step further and propose to ban semi-auto and auto rifles, too. It’s past time already.
Perfect
It is the right time to talk about gun control
Thank you Senator Casey!
Thanks for the heads up.  Gonna buy a dozen in case i need them,
Yeah Senator Casey you are one of this Pennsylvania girls hero. Please help us get a new governor now.
Thank you, Senator. I'll call my senators and ask them to support this bill.
Thanks man.
Great thought but the GOP has sold our govt to the NRA. No way that passes
SAME as JUNK BONKS at these LOAN PLACES.
WOW BUMP STOCK IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THE HEALTH CARE BILL .
They don't mimic. The create machine guns that fire real bullets .
Every tiny step helps.
Thank you.
Thank you Senator for being a breath of common sense in the wake of preventable tragedy. We must do something to stop this madness.
Then you would have something to brag about
Who Cares ban automatic rifels and semi automatic rifels amd the accessories
to create them that would really be great
Thank you for your integrity @SenBobCasey!
Wow, #SenCasey woke up to add name on bill he won't vote on.
How many weapons does he own? Say "bipartisan"...
Thank you @SenBobCasey for representing your constituents and working to save lives. #GunContolNow
Thank God! That will end gun violence forever because we all know criminals follow the law!
Thank you @SenBobCasey There is no justification for these devices being available. Not for hunters, not for anyone.
Ban semi automatics while you are at it.
Thank you, Senator!
I’m with you. Thank you so much!
Good. And don't forget to fund the ATF, so that this and other laws can be enforced.
 Thank U Senator Casey!
http://wurdsfromtheburbs.blogspot.com/2015/10/another-mass-shooting-ho-hum.html …
I appreciate that but it's only a first, and an easy step. Automatic weapons with high-capacity magazines must be banned.
Give 'em a name like LaPierre stocks or NRA stocks.
Now we'll get to see who in the GOP has any balls.
Thank you! It's a start!
Don't just ban the sale - make them illegal to possess. Otherwise it's toothless and gun makers will make and sell like crazy till it's law.
Thank you Senator. Glad you are my senator. Wish my other one had your sense of decency.
That’s good, but like the preschool of what is needed, so get working on reasonable gun laws immediately please.
I will be cosponsoring campaign to vote you OUT
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you
Sounds like common sense legislation, Senator, but they will come up with something else if it passes. Ever play "Whack A Mole"?
Best of luck to you. Of course, it won't happen
NOW is the time to have the convo re.: Gun Control with the NRA!
Make sure you pass it...there might be a few GOP members with a brain who would pass it...maybe
Go, you!
Thank you!
About time somebody takes control.  Thank You SIR
Thank you!
Ok. That's something positive. But why not ban assault weapons period. Why do civilians need military hardware?
Please confirm that no state permit is required for purchasing guns in PA, and no background check for private sale: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gun_laws_in_Pennsylvania …
It's not the gun. They want to disarm Americans so their corruption can go full forward. Learn from past history
2nd amendment rights end where my right to be safe from guns begin
Will you cosponsor M4A to help victims of gun violence so they don’t have to set up go fund me for costs?
Hope the NRA doesn’t try to put the kibosh on this!
Like everything else you propose, it will fail. The bodies aren't even cool yet you jackal. Never let a tragedy go to waste huh Bobby? #fool
That a boy!  That’s my Senator. Now to convince my knuckle head @SenToomey.
Thank you Senator Casey-grew up in Pa --hopefully everyone there will follow your lead and support this
Please include cranks also all forms of add on aftermarket products that will turn a conventional weapons to a automatic.
Thank you. Good place to start gun sense legislation
Thank you, Senator Casey!!
Thanks for standing up for your constituents and for all Americans!
That’ll fix it. Any more band aids.
Banning ‘bump stocks’ is quite literally the LEAST you can do.....
Love to see a bipartisan effort.  @SenToomey , let's get on the right side of this.  PA should lead united on this.  #nogoodreasonnotto
That's a start. However why didnt this happend before the #LasVegasShooting
Thank you Bob. #GunControl #GunControlNOW #Enough #VegasStrong
Thank you, Sen. Casey.
Good luck. @SenToomey  also may want 2 help. He has introduced gun laws as well.
At the very least get the name changed to carnage boosters.
You do realize that all semi-automatic rifles can be bump fired WITHOUT the need of a bump stock??? Need to do more!
Thank you
NO GUN REFORM LAWS/NO TRUMP TAX RETURNS=NOTAX BILL PASSAGE, PERIOD.
THANK YOU for having common sense!
why not request copy of new US Constitution, which addresses automatic weapons,
gerrymandering, citizenship, and more?  jmach499@gmail.com.
Bless you
Thank you! I've been waiting for someone to get legislation started.
Gun laws we have today are doing nothing from keeping guns out of criminal hands. You are just taking away guns from law abiding citizens
Thanks bud.
Let me guess it's an add-on to make a semi automatic ,automatic. Can't believe we still have those ....
Thank you! Keep working towards keeping us all safe!
That’s great, but can we just work on widespread gun control?
That is not enough.  It is time to ban most guns.  Stop trying to please both sides.  Take a stand and do the right thing.
Gotta start somewhere.
Your a sorry excuse for a senator, Pennsylvania is red now bud 2018 cant come sooner..
Crawl back in your hole Casey, cosponsoring a bill based on a tragedy, disingenuous hack! U have no legislative record, keep it that way
Thank you @SenBobCasey.  We need to ban armor piercing bullets too.
Yeah because that will do.....wait for it.....NOTHING!!! #canijustpunchyourfacein
Please do.
Thank you.  You are honoring recent victims of mass shootings.

I am a gun owner & 2A supporter. That said NOW is also the time to close private sale loophole. 40% of all sales! #UniversalBackgroundChecks
Too little too late. One time in all history a bump stick used & U get that on agenda ahead of tax cuts, repeal ACA, bldg wall & immigration
Never too late to do what's right.
Thank you @SenBobCasey from a constituent, and regular voter!
Thank you!! #ENOUGH
http://Cool.How  do we get these sides together?Gun people need to admit guns are a prob.We need to stop demeaning lawful gun owners.
Thank you from 19143!
Please use mandatory gun registration fee to fund research on gun safety. Please require background check for online purchase of guns.
Please also ban AK-47 produced prior to 1986. Please also increase tax to purchase semi-automatic weapons.
A little late don't you think?
Please require registration of semi-automatic weapons where they can be legally purchased.
Make it a federal crime - felony. Make it retroactive; set up a buyback program. Then prosecute anybody who keeps one.  Twenty years prison.
Please require NRA to include the following facts in their commercials: everyday about 90 people died from gun wounds and 2/3 by suicide.
Thank you! Please also help to remove Dickey Amendment to allow CDC fund experts’ research on gun safety.
Thankyou @senbobcasey
@WSJ thank you!
Thank you
Thank you @SenBobCasey
Thanks bob, the @gop has let the @NRA bend them over and paint t!ts on their backs ...at least your trying.
Thank you. It's a start, I guess.
Just so everyone is clear u can bump-fire using your finger. No special equipment required. Still 1 shot per trigger pull. Ban all fingers!
We're behind you sir!!
Thank you!!!!
Please do more! #GunContolNow #GunReform
Thank you and about those semi automatics and banana clips no civilian should have
When we talk about banning let's ban production not just sales.
And silencers!
Thank you Senator Casey!
Suppressors are already legal to buy. Most states allow them for hunting. They don’t actually silence a gun, just reduce deafening decibels
Thanks, Senator Casey!
Make it specific so it can't be argued as violating 2nd Amendment.
It's a good start, but we need more.
We need to do more than that! No more politicians taking money from nra!
