What??? POTUS has been talking about being tough on trade from the beginning don't even try to take credit for that goal!
Something none of the Dems accomplished in the last 8 years. #hacks
I think you might wanna go see doctor Chuckie I think you caught what Pelosi has,
You let trade be one sided for 8 years, now be tough, glad you're on board
DT's bottom line is not the US bottom line. He's in it for the Trump crime family. That's why Kushner is everywhere. Keep $ in the Family
What facts can back that up? lol you sound delusional
. @SenSchumer @SenStabenow @SenBobCasey @POTUS oh really, U stole the President's idea
He doesn't need your urging. He has already made his position quite clear.
he's just making sure Ivanka gets best deal on her products.
Trump's a fool - he doesn't know enough and he's been too busy hiding treason to prep for meeting. He's no match for Xi.
Don't worry Chucky, Pres.Trump knows business not like U Dems! U just strip middle America with Ur illegal freebies! U pay 4 them! Trump=$!!
By calling him a 98 pound weakling very professional
You don't broadcast thst POTUS is a 90 lb weakling on Trade right before Trade talks if you really want success. Stop!
You mean unlike Obama who gave everything away. I agree Trump should be tough & not afraid to walk away.
How about you worry about your own state. You remember us, right? The people that are paying and paying and paying!
Who cares what you liberals want.
What about the eight yrs before trump
he said he will be and currency manipulation.
Say something about Syria or condemn Susan Rice!
THE [DEM] ARE NEVER TOUGH ON TRADE.????
Obama gave all that money. He hated America. He underminded our country for 8 years.
Schumer, Trump has this. Don't you have a race riot to incite?
you're a joke! Why is this now your agenda too? It never was before. Trump made trade part of his campaign u Dems f'ed it up b4
OMG you've had YEARS to address china, yet it took Trump to be the one to bring the issue to the people and trying to correct it
It's funny that you want President Trump to be tough on trade but you were content for Obama to be weak & mealy mouthed about it. Hypocrite!
Isn't that part of trumps platform when he was running for president, well at least now you are starting to want the same things as him
Tough on trade with China would be a welcome change from Obama's disastrous results.
u dems let china take millions of American jobs last 30+ years! Now tough talk? Loons!
Can you get a photo of Casey? He's never in sight here in PA, except when there's a chance at TV face time!
Chuck you and the rest of the Democrats are a bunch of liars who hate America. We rejected your failed liberal policies and elected Trump!
Ha! Did you mean like you Dems and Obama did? Idiot Schumer!
That was why we elected him. Obama was soft on trade.
How will Donnie be able to make any money off his made in China ties and suits if he does that thou? Sad!
You have no right to even suggest what POTUS should say to foreign powers as all you will do is criticize and put down anything he does
Good luck w/that. Narcissist unhinged freakshow needs to be impeached. Stop w/ business as usual. #TrumpRussia
@NoFascistsPls @SenStabenow @SenBobCasey @POTUS Don't play into his game. #TrumpHole will fuck this up like everything else.
@senate I invite read my Facebook: Elena Susy Moya Huamanchumo.Thank you very much.JFK.Lady Oscar.Steve
Urge him not to say any words ffs
Isn't being tough on China trade what you're against? Make up your mind
Drain that swamp
Mr. Deal maker sucks at making deals this should be very clear by now. Also dt doesn't care about the country only his money
Sure, and Obama made such great deals like the Iran deal? Obama was so weak all countries don't respect us. Trump is tough & will fix it
Hey! Didn't you listen when he campaigned? Tough on China trade way up on his list!
We are gonna see how tough he will be
Tougher than you think
Shut up schumer POTUS is a businessman ur a clown dah
IMO the only topic should be N.Korea. Does trade really matter that much if China continues to supply & support N.Korea?
Chuck, why would @realDonaldTrump listen to anything a Democrat would say while there stabbing him in the back.
President Obama didn't listen to Casey on trade deals why should President Trump?  Oh that's right Casey is running for reelection.
Your strategy is to give Casey exposure so the people of Pennsylvania know they have a second Senator. No wonder he's become your parrot.
Lol. What has @POTUS being saying for the past two years. @DNC should have been urging the last failed administration to be tough. #UesLess
Lol, I love your spirit, but I think the Chinese are going to have a sweeter deal to offer him than being tough on trade :((
HOW IRONIC Dem Leader Chuck Schumer Said"I'll Do Anything To Stop POTUS Trump"So How Can We Trust Anything He Says Cut SnakeHead
You don't worry bout Trump there Schmuck...he don't need your encouragement in anything....
Such an angry little snowflake lately. I guess it's better than #sadclown schumer.
Really are you kidding me. Democrats wrote the book on bad trade deals. Look at NAFTA it sent 70k Co's out of our country. Thx Bill Clinton
But where will he have his ties and #MAGA caps made?
Here in the US at New Era Cap and the Made In America store
Good job Schumer. Get on the President Trump coat tails. I appreciate after doing nothing for 8 years you have finally seen the light.
I hope you voiced an opposition to any State visits being conducted in the swamp at Mar-A-Largo,where you need to be rich to see president
I expect to see your name on the ballot in 2020 since u can do it so much better
HE WILL CAVE - HE IS NO MATE FOR CHINA. CHINA WILL MOP THE FLOOR WITH OLD MAN DUMP.
Sorry chuck! You don't get to take credit for this.
Yeah right..good luck w/that......do u really expect that w/him & china?
He will fix what he messed up as P Elect & take credit for it.
maybe a little less obstruction an he will listen to you. He did win the election
Also, they're encouraging the sun to be hot.
Revelation 3:3
Remember therefore how you have received and heard; hold fast and repent. [1/3]
Therefore if you will not watch, I will come upon you as a thief, and you will not know [2/3]
