Could or will? It could also make things better.
Bobby, Bobby, this just goes to show how unimaginative you are...painting everyone with the same brush!!!
Lmao ACA was structured to SCREW YOUNG TO OAY FOR SENIORS
My kids max out of pocket is 50% of gross salary?  how is this insurance?
You Democrats and Obama made a mess of this. Why don't you stop blaming the GOP and take responsibility?
ACA provision is mandatory coverage- not an option - unless the kids get insurance somewhere else?  Should be optional!
We have a bad deal now so please help develop a good plan.
Closed doors doesn't allow for any dialogue
What the hell you think Obama care was good for us ! If it was so good @SenBobCasey then why did you exempt yourself from it!  Hypocrite
The DNC writes Casey's tweets

So what's your idea???
Single payer Bob. The time is right don't squander this opportunity
Thank you Senator Casey for watching and listening! Amaya's grandma thanks you!
Wait, that isn't pro-life at all. 
It will be fixed but 1st REPEAL ACA!  It's a mess wand getting worse!  We were better off in 2009 without it!  Stop scaring ppl Senator.
Ok Bobbie...wheres your alternative???? What's that you just sit on your ass and don't do anything all day #notsurprised
So Sen Bob Casey rather just let OBcare totally fail where no one is covered for anything including poor people?? @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
The only bad deal is one you're not involved in but continue to complain about.  Get a back bone. Get involved or get a new job.
We need to repeal and replace Obamacare with freedom health care.
Thank you for your leadership, Senator Casey.   BCRP is grounded in greed and cruelty.   http://lancasteronline.com/opinion/letters_to_editor/health-care-bills-greedy-and-cruel/article_6071275a-5dbb-11e7-bb68-679e5f212d19.html …
Thank you for your constant fight to save Pennsylvanians from this toxic healthcare bill.
Yeah y'all should have just stayed the hell out of the insurance busy ... nuttin but a bunch of failures!!!!
Young, old it doesn't matter Bob Casey is a bad deal for all
so talk to your republican colleagues and help them understand this!!!
And how is the unaffordable unsustainable Obama care a good deal? Please Advise.
Access is diminishing. If HRC were POTUS, your narrative would be we have to go to single payer because insurance coverage is leaving states
What are your plans to stop insurance companies from leaving exchanges? Do you have any?
#25thAmendmentNow
PA hates you
NC Senators support #BCRA pls rt-give me a voice so I can fight for NC's most vulnerable since our Senators won't
Removing health care from pregnant women is odd for a  Pro-Life Congress. I guess healthy babies are not as important as they say.
Obamacare made it impossible for over 55 to pay for insurance
When differences of opinions  debated in a profesional transparent behavior is healthy  BUT lies & scarring tactics don't cut it 
So sad
My family is dying on the Democrats Obamacare!!!
2018 cant get here soon enough! TeenVogue  Laughable
Not for rich Republicans.
https://twitter.com/RodneyRhodan/status/881890334782898177 …
In PA my daughter is paying $1,040 a month with a $10,000 dedudictible! She pays $22,000 a year for no insurance, get rid of Obie insurance
This is unacceptable.... Dems are only in it for what they get out of it... Not to help! #ReplaceCasey2018
You should ask my doctor what he thinks about Obamacare as it is now.  Oh!  Wait!  He went back to Canada when the law was passed.
My Dr. Calls his laptop Obama, spends more time on it then he ever had to before
McConnell to use $200 billion in deficit savings to make deals w/senators who oppose Tcare = bribery of elected officials.
18 U.S. Code § 201 - Bribery of public officials and witnesses
@SenateDems @SenateGOP @TeenVogue I wish you would get it right #Trumpcare is not healthcare, it's a tax cut bill.
Once again, teen vogue leading the #resistance
Any worse than ACA?
weird how you don't mention how you screwed them over with Obamacare
Government cesspool politics is always a bad deal! Career minded opportunist, scum!
You have been a BAD DEAL @SenBobCasey to PA for a long time I Think your Dad wouldn't like a lot of the choices you've made for Cntry/State
Daily reminder: Medicaid is not being cut, Bob Casey is Chicken Little & Dems will say/do anything to save Obama's legacy legislation.
Thank you for fighting for what is right for Pennsylvanians. From a constituent. Zip code 19083.
A Teen Vogue link? Seriously?
Teen vogue has been pretty on point for the last few months now.
Ok Bob, what are you doing to make it better?  We need a better plan.  Or are u ok with the deal we have that's dying?
He can't do anything as @SenToomey too scared to support ANY hearings.  Open normal process could lead to fixing ACA, they opted for taxcut
I hope they change that.  Focus on the fix!  Not the money.
Thanks Senator Casey.  Always respected and appreciated.  Keep fighting for the people.
So ur saying that Obamacare is better?
What specifically makes it a bad deal?
How come u praised Obamacare?
Are u wrong again!!!
Go thu his feed, posted tons of specifics including pics of pages of the bill w/ explanations. If you hate Obamacare, you won't like this.
I dont hate Obamacare,
Its just the ppl who are on it do. Now we will have some that benefit from it but when way more dont we have to ask
You still don't get it wit all due respect. We need A bill. Stop the bickering on this bill or face repeal only !
