the current democrat senators are the slowest, foot draggers in cabinet confirmations; you had plenty of time
GOP stall tactics held up Obama's AG pick for 6 months & 150 other nominees
WRONG Holder confirmed on Feb 2, 2008 w/75 votes 6 months?
Not Holder, Loretta Lynch.
we can talk about Trumps second AG pick in 4 yrs
and Lynch signs off on NSA sharing raw sigint to 16 agencies 2 weeks b4 tossed out of office
Thank God! she did.
ignoring legality of sharing w/those w/o clearances; then again, nat'l security not a liberal priority
Because they are the Party of Trump, pure partisanship, don't really read, don't listen, don't care #SoCalledPOTUS
Rushing?Its been 4 weeks,stop dragging your feet.Please confirm so that all this needless regulation can be tossed.
Yes let's just take a giant shit on the environment. Lakes and rivers 1st. Who needs clean water .
Alarmist,envirophobe.
God forbid we actually create a better world 4 our kids by accident. One with the splendor of nature.
Putting your faith in the EPA & Bob Casey is misplaced hope.They are bloated  & over reaching thieves.
I don't think the answer is dumping coal waste into rivers or talking a shit on endangered species. U?
Same reason they rush everything - before we can stop them.  Thank you, Sen Casey for standing up for what's right.
Why you are taking 2 weeks off with so much to do.  We need a new Senator in 2018!
Rushing?  Are you taking drugs?
Who knows Senator Bob? Why don't you tell us. Make up something, like you usually do. @SenateGOP
I'm getting very scared now Senator.  Please keep trying to get others to think rationally.  Don't give up
#fair question
because they don't care.... keep working on emails. Get Roger Stone's number and see if he can ask Julian.
Because he is no better then Flynn
Thank you for voting to protect our clean air and water.  I'll never understand how they have become partisan issues.
Really.  "Rushed" You politicians are unbelievable
Because they are corrupt? I'm sure that was rhetorical, but I'll take the opportunity . We see you, @SenateGOP !! 2018...
So odd...
I don't think he has the worlds environmental problems. Hell destroy it.
I hope it gives the Repubs another black eye
Because they know what they will find....
Dems rushed through Obama's nominees much faster so America could not look at their radical backgrounds.
Kinda like hillarys emails when YOU said 'nothing to see here'

Isn't turnabout a kick in the a$$?
Dems need to take back our Democracy for YEARS, the Rs are ruining our country
- please advise and explain - you know what you are doing is wrong
.....and the idiots confirmed him. Welcome to the Enviromental Poisoning Agency.
How the heck does letting in 10's of millions of illegal workers help us poor people, legal Hispanics our children? #iceraids
because they can, we see how little power you have and hope the anger turns to votes in 2018
you know why ....
What day was it us democrats voted for unfettered illegal alien immigration? #iceraids or #SelfDeport #TheResistance 
because they don't care about the environment.
@3DzD @SenateGOP when the shit hits the fan and it will, everyone will know who is to blame. GOP.
RUSHING THRU A VOTE - good God man - give the President his cabinet already.  Stop with the excuses and obstruction.
Ask @VP he had his emails sealed in IN as well.
@PADems @SenateGOP Money.  There was a big oil fundraiser this morning, too.
.@SenBobCasey @SenateGOP They're resolved to fill the swamp and screw their constituents #swampcabinet
Stop them! #mitchMcConnell is reckless and a danger #savetheEPA
Seem pretty intelligent Senator. I think you can say that answer
C'mon, you work w/these people. You know why! #resist #45Illegit
.@SenBobCasey @SenateGOP Please stand up for us #PostponePruitt #vote.
Please delay until all emails are reviewed!
Scot Pruitt is the least qualified for any position in govt. He has not served OK well! OK govt is as bad as Trump's
Pruitt will make sure the entire Country experiences Flint Michigan.
Flint will seem like a great place 2 live b4 Pruit is done taking a shit on the environment.
He should have already been confirmed Skippy. If you don't understand it maybe you should retire.
because they want to do what's best for big business and their pockets instead of what's best for the ppl.
Can't you stall???
please stop them, Casey! They are so wrong for America! No on #pollutingPruitt
opposition to be op-positional  Bobby
Postpone the vote!
Members of Congress must experience our natural gems & understand the importance of the environment on a healthy USA
Because @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP want to rape our environment to satisfy corporate greed
Can you convince @SenatorHeitkamp & @Sen_JoeManchin to vote NO for Pruitt
TRAITORS to USA: @SenatorHeitkamp & @Sen_JoeManchin -moral degenerates for saying they will vote for crooked Pruitt
BC they want to gut EPA & safety net b4 trump implodes & use him as scapegoat. #resist #GOPcorruption
Go figure ... delay now, sort it out ; or vote today, get massively embarassed when the emails are reviewed
Stay strong!  #WeThePeople are with you and say #nopruitt
Excellent question
Wait a week, see the emails. Otherwise you will be held up as fools when they are released. #nopruitt
@PADems @SenateGOP please stop this from happening
people before profits!!!
stop them!
Because they're shady scumbags trying to ruin EVERYTHING GOOD. I'd love to know why that is. Oh. Follow the money 
tell us how to help, Bob!
Because the GOP is deplorable.
It's like they learned nothing from what happened with Flynn.
trump insists?
