Our nation must stand together and condemn this racism and those who promote it.
We need to condemn violence period.   Really, isn't all violence really teerorism?  Who cares what it's called.
This was white supremacy, this was white nationalism, this was neo-Nazism, THIS WAS RACISM, THIS WAS DOMESTIC TERRORISM. 1/2
100% agree.
I saw BLM and Antifa....how about a mention of those racist organization ? It's always and only WHITE that are racists #Charlottesville
Did you notice that car driving into and over people and backing up to hit more people? That was a white supremacist. Did you agree with it?
No I do not agree with it at all or any hate from either side that's my point
Who cares what any leader any where says.. Only words .actions matter lock them up white black purple hate is hate
I call shennagians on this statement! Just because we want righteousness in the U.S. doesn't mean we're hateful. #AllLivesMatter
Oh Wendy....you realize this isn't about YOUR God.  Stop Forcing your beliefs on people.  I'm pretty sure your God wouldn't condone hatred.
So are the #DOJ dept of Ed, #epa etal all dismantling #CivilRights protections.
Thank you for putting into words what @POTUS failed to do. What's next? What can you and we do?
Those are not nationslists. They are perverted Liberals & fanatic rightwingers.
Agree, but why don't you condemn BLM? If you don't your outrage is disingenuous.
Thank you for SAYING IT.
Where do you stand regarding Antifa and BLM?
They're just being Republians. We've allowed the Republican party to become a hate group b/c nobody calls them on their hypocrisy & lies.
Hey how about those marching in protest the removal of historical monuments. Distruction of monuments won't change history or will it???...
By that logic the womens march was promoting blatant sexism
And?
Yes! Pennsylvania represent! We saw you in your tux at the airport in January! You've got our backs and my support!
I hope you can take leadership on this issue. What will you do to address this event? What options can you exercise as a senator?
Thank you senator
Thank you @SenBobCasey
Those marching to promote "white nationalism" are promoting a blatantly racist ideology.
Remove our racist leader now! Congress- do your damn job!!!
They are there to preserve US HISTORY. Good or bad, it is our fabric. Those coming WITHOUT a permit are the racists.BLM is nothing but a LIE
Bob, it's called Nazism. Please use the word and don't equivocate.
yes they are and those marching for racial preferences, like BLM are equally at fault -left wing anarchists
While I agree with you. PA hates you
Here's the irony; I agree! Screw nationalism in favor of Anarchism! The KKK and Neo-Nazis need to die a very painful death! I'm conservative
DO SOMETHING
Democrats need to be united in demanding Trump fire the white supremacist in his inner circle--Bannon, Miller & Gorka
Why? Did they run into people and kill anyone? Did they kill two state police? No?
And encouraged by members of the GOP
That they are! Same as Black Lives Matter Org.
do something have the justice department investigate this
Most of them believe they do so with Trump's support. Even when he gives lip service for peace, they don't believe it and neither do we.
There is going to be a vigil against violence in the community in Wilkes Barre next month, if you would like to speak.
Care to comment @SenToomey? Crickets.
Thank you for naming this horrid hate group and for standing strong against them.
proudly racist even. and stupid, let's not forget how stupid racism is.
How? By watching on TV. We need a referendum election. He's ready to declare war??????
You seem to only show the tweets that agree with you Senator Casey!
Yeah, that's how an opinion works
Thank you for speaking out against this ugliness. Now, if only our so-called president would specifically denounce as well.
You're so right Bob. You should also condemn BLM & the Antifa movement&Media Matters & CNN. Because these all promote blatant racism as well
Antifa are the people in the streets shutting down Nazis, not the same thing as white supremacists.
Were you there?
So only back people can do that,you are Racist
Really?
Then say same about BLM!  PIGS IN A BLANKET..FRY 'em like bacon.  They went to WH.  Many r probably just marching 2 say "WHITE IS ALRIGHT"
I think we've had just about enough of white people.
Thank you @SenBobCasey . I'm grateful you are one of MOC's.
And Senator Casey you belong to the party of hate. You hate free speech when it's not part of your party's agenda.
"white nationalism" is racist under all guises and flavors!The core of its appeal is to the haters,racists, bigots,antisemites,homophobes!
I don't agree with either but what is the difference between BLM and these losers in Virginia?
BLM: Please stop shooting us.
Nazis: We will kill all non-whites, lgbt, and disabled people until we win or America is burned to the ground.
Not the same thing, fucko
Bob they're carrying Nazi flags. It's gone beyond white nationalism.
And people carrying communist flags at a rally are a ok in your book I suppose?
They are not promoting white nationalism, they are just promoting nationalism. Nationalism is multiracial.
They're white nationalists though? Did you see any black people in those crowds? Not to mention, Nationalism is a cancer.
I don't think we agree on much, but I'll stand right next to you against white nationalists.
And those in the White House promoting this belief need to be removed, AKA Gorka, Miller and Bannon.
All we have to look foreward to is seeing you get treated the way you allowed hillar to be . You trying to take that away?
Thank you for denouncing this craziness!
you created that ideology when you let the fbi smear hillary for 30 years witout any proof bob. Now they are going to come for you
which is what this country is based on, right?
Thank you for saying this, Senator
And you know there are many Pennsylvanians there. What can you do to help rid our state of hate groups?
Thank you @SenBobCasey.
Deafening silence from @SenToomey.
Thank you for not mincing words as some of your colleagues are doing.
Voice of reason, appropriate and measured, honest and forceful. Would you consider running for president please sir?
Bob is a limp wristed fool
Thank you
Those who marched in #BlackLivesMatter protests did the same. Do you condemn them as well? Both BLM & WN are bigoted racists who's ideology.
what is the racial makeup of your staff Bobby ? All seem Lilly white to me fraudster
Yes Bob...is this supposed to be insightful or just an obvious conclusion that anyone that resembles a decent person already knows is wrong?
Trumps people.
White Nationalists are unAmerican and need to be exposed.
How can one be unAmerican and a nationalist at the same time?
Just doing what the GOP has been doing and saying for many many years. The party of hate reigns. As it's leader would say...sad.
Thanks @realDonaldTrump
Most likely voted for Trump. We are looking at a large part of his 30% base.
Probably didn't even vote!
Thank you Bob. Finally a sensible response from our government.
And they're running our country in the white house.
We the people are the only ones who can change this. Obviously there's been a takeover by a dangerous group of domestic terrorists.
Same with black lives matter and black panthers where were you when Obama created this diversity
Have you ever seen a Black Panther in real life? Obama wasn't even born when they formed. Faux News lied to you.
They are still active and g e was a supporter

Thank you, Senator Casey. Over to you, Pat. @SenToomey
Oh, did he answer? You're not holding your hand on your bottom waiting, are you?
