JUST IN: DeVos rescinds Obama rules combating campus sexual assault http://hill.cm/MgTp2hX  
This is not just a betrayal of the victims of campus sexual assault-  it also discourages future victims from coming forward & seeking help.
This reckless action by 
@usedgov will make it harder for schools to hold violent perpetrators accountable.
You think just because someone is accused they should be guilty? Women have a lengthy track record of lieing senator.
Because there should not be due process?
Not per the constitution maybe you should look for another country to live Cuba, Venezuela , iran
No due process in the USA ?
You're wrong and uninformed.
beautiful!
Keep fighting the good fight Bob. You're the only good PA Senator we have!
Unbelievable.
At this point the administration and it's cabinet surrogates are just doing whatever they can to erase Obama's accomplishments.
Likelihood of women reporting campus sexual assaults will NOSEDIVE in accordance with DeVos policies. This after DECADES of nurturing trust.
Good then, because a lot of them are undeniably false accusations. Education system shouldn't even be involved, go straight to the police.
This isn't making a change because something was wrong...its another example of Trump trying to remove ALL evidence that Obama was POTUS.
Rape allegations are a matter for the criminal justice system, not some kangaroo court #MattressGirl
What happened to innocent until proven guilty? I agree with the education secretary.
Presumption of innocence is important Sen Casey, maybe you should actually read the arguments
Thanks @SenBobCasey keep fighting for us
She must have no idea just how many rapes go unreported.
Then it is time to mandate self-defense in our public schools. I will be working on that! We must #ProtectOurChildren
Speaking as a survivor myself ... this is just the pits.
Utterly repugnant. It's as if DeVos & whole WH crew want to exact as much damage to American people as possible & get rich doing so.
Fully explain if it isn't above your pay grade, dishonorable senator!!!
You must hate the justic system and evidence...oh I think she is a witch burn her
@BetsyDeVos, will ruin our Education System! This reprehensible and a total slap to our young college women, & ALL Women!
Only a woman with ice in her veins would consider, let alone embrace such cruelty. #Shame @BetsyDeVosED
I hope no Drumpf supporters have a daughter in college.
Wish I could say I am surprised.
Without due process, there is no justice.
Think about our President's past behavior.  This is far from a surprise.
THANK YOU @SenBobCasey FOR SAYING SOMETHING! NOW DO SOMETHING!!!
She’s a fucking monster for hurting children. She needs to resign due to corruption and inability to actually do her job.
It seems that this administration is going out of its way to hurt people. Totally unnecessary to rescind this.
How would the Ed Sec react if she had a daughter who was assaulted/raped?Would she still be as cold-blooded?Shame on her for betraying women
there are plenty of just sexual assault laws already on the books,liberals always pick and choose what laws they'll obey
She's despicable! We MUST protect our children from her!!!
As w/many Trump appointees DeVos betrays the ideals & mission of her dept. She's using her office to eliminate protections & opportunities.
Politicians are the danger
More nonsense, due process will prevail. Do you ever ever not distort an issue ?
Yeah because you know whats best for everyone dont you Bobbie....#biggovernmentbullshit
I guess in the leftists mind, only democrats and non-citizens are provided due process

Bc she has no idea uneducated woman
Wow! I finally agree with you on something!
FACISTS
Bob, this is the latest in a series of tragedies, but for now you must focus on health care.
#SecretaryDevos Is a disgrace & an embarrassment to survivors everywhere
GTFU! U took an oath touphold the constitution which includes fair and equal treatment and #dueprocess if u dont support that step down
It's all about money and men I hope she gets raped sorry I truly do
She is as evil as Trump and the rest of his cabinet
When the rules violate basic constitutional freedoms then it's time to correct the rules!
Well that was their intention. Who knows why?
I'm sure the wrongly accused Duke Lacrosse players are happy.
Really wat Obama did was ruin a lot of innocent people's lives by basically prosecuting them without their rights it was a kangaroo court
#HumanRightsNotToBeRaped
Your rights are your rights. Remember, despite @usedgov's dismantling of guidance that schools desired, your broader rights do not change. 
Actually..the decisions assures due process to the http://accused.you 're not guilty until a jury trial.
Burn the accused Bob.
So the war on men will have to take a break, darn!
They both sicken me. Back to the dark ages. #impeachTrumpnow
Deplorable.
Which decision have they not?
Wait. In what country is this happening? What century is this? Eighteenth?
What about instances of false accusations against INNOCENT individuals accused of rape??
Doesn't matter, lynch them.  I assume this is what he means
Betrayed women
Senator, is there anyway to impeach her?
There is something seriously wrong with 45 and his choices. They are hell bent on trying to destroy our humanity, and compassion.
They are hell bent on trying to destroy President Obama's influence as well.
Absolutely they have. Certainly not on victims' side. Why would she take this position, especially as a woman? It's beyond belief.
Because the previous ruling was unconstitutional...btw the govt should not be on either side..blind justice remember
You have betrayed constituents by doing NOTHING in regards to OBAMACARE other than screeching about the GOP!! What bills have you proposed?
When will the stupidity end, and how long will it take to reverse the damage? Please ask Mr Mueller to hurry!
might be time for the girls to buy a gun and learn to shoot, colt made all men equal, might do the same for the girls
Yes, they have. #RemoveDeVos
She is terrible. They're dismantling this stuff just because it has Obama's name on it. They are terrible for our country. Disgrace.
Shameful.
