For a human look at who benefits from Medicaid and could be hurt by cuts, read this excellent @CitizenCohn piece.
The GOP reps AND voters DO. NOT. CARE. It's a hard concept to wrap your mind around but they literally do not give a shit if others suffer.
We need to replace the House and Senate with direct democracy.
Sorry but wouldn't make a difference. Free trade agreements we've already signed gave up our freedom to make laws that fix things, 22 y ago.
I'm sure it wouldn't change ANYTHING for us to decide our own laws instead of having to rely on Wall Street sycophants 2 "represent" us.
American patients and jobs are bargaining chips. If export poor patients and import doctors/nurses/IT/teachers corps via Mode 4 they benefit
Under the Senate bill, cuts to future Medicaid spending would be even deeper than under the House bill.
Wondering how the @nytimes has kept this off its front pages all week.
The beauty of the internet is you can share it widely regardless.
Well, "forever" is until the Dems regain control. Phase out will take 7 yrs, so likely will never happen (fingers crossed).
I have not heard anything about a 7-year phase-in for the caps, only the expansion match cuts.
This affects you in increased state taxes & loss of svcs if ur state has to pay more & if you have to pay for healthcare for your parents.
Stop buying into the crap. They are just cutting illegals off Medicaid. It will not cut coverage for any citizens.
That looks like a list of people to be sent to concentration camps.
Do they want them all to die/disappear? They had to sell ALL their assets to qualify they have no $ and nowhere to go
So are they going to add assisted suicide as an amendment cause they are gonna leave that as an only option for some people
I thought maybe they were going 4 something a little more direct w/the 6 month penalty wait for insurance, but no wait to buy a gun. Rx2A
Hmmm left out a few details didn't you? Illegals, refugees, able bodied that don't work
Phyllis why be a jerk? Must be a Republican? Do you really believe that the few who game the system are reason enough to hurt the innocent?
You left out the caregivers, and the families who will now be burdened with caring for those without insurance.
No,that isn't racist. I know many,many whites doing that and it is despicable. Has 2 stop. Huge problem.
I think your graphs are misleading
Marco Rubio who has largest share of nursing res in his districts of rest of R senators should be ashamed of himself for voting for it
Idk what R's think is going to happen to the 62% of seniors who depend on Medicaid to live and get care in nursing homes Ms Katz
You are insane we don't listen to you socialists
#TrumpCare will effect the coverage of all health insurance, not just Medicaid. If the government can deny coverage, so will they #Future
@SenatorCollins don't forget Mainers need Medicaid.
Not my problem. I don't want to pay for it. Don't breed if you don't want to pay for your medical bills. Eat healthier and become a vegan
Tells me there are a lotta people that arent working t/should be 2 help take care of ones that are unable to.Stop h/babies if can't support
The GOP does not care that 76% of poor children will not have quality healthcare.
Reverts Medicaid to its former Obama rates, which 19 states still have in place.  Don't worry California will he their State Medicaid $ back
The #GOP is using #Obamacare as an excuse to get rid of Medicaid..they have always wanted to #StopTrumpcare #StopGOP #ImpeachTrumpNOW
As long as #Conservatives believe #Medicaid is mostly for Reagan's "Welfare Queen" (lazy, promiscuous, usually black), this won't change.
@JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain AZ constituents will be devastated.
Call, call call 202-224-3121
Kinda crazy that Medicaid covers 49% of all US births.  Abuse of system much ?
I'm reading John Locke "Poor Law and Working Schools" 1657. History is repeating itself.
I lost my healthcare dec 31 because my new Obamacare rate went up to $3,319 a month. You think my children don't deserve healthcare? @GOP
#BRCA #AHCA is eugenics. Don't pretend the old white men crafting this bill in private didn't discuss culling the population of unfavorables
49% of all births? Astonishing.  Shd cover adults & children w/disabilities, and elderly; its original intent. Everyone else go to work.
@loonyinthehall I'm poor, permanently disabled, an American, an adult, and scared shitless about my Medicaid
My Mom.
And cut that in half for those who actually need it. If we have 50 % born on Medicaid we have a big problem
I know what Medicaid covers regarding disabilities, but there's Medicare tossed in the mix too! I know that I was covered by both
Plus the tax breaks hidden in it.
Its a tax cut
Because of drive to contradict predecessor, which shows a childishness that Genghis Can't is far too old to still show. Home of the scared
Big kahunas for GOP are SS/Medicare, but they cover too many voters, so for now they're going for Medicaid in guise of "health care reform."
@wolfblitzer @ChrisCuomo @JohnKingCNN @KateBolduan @andersoncooper @mitchellreports @KatyTurNBC @allinwithchris ignore tweets, this is real
My question here is, are the dollar values established from the baseline budget system? If so, increases will remain, only slow down.
This is pre-ACA Medicaid gutting.
For sure 
Just guessing, but "Joe the Plumber" types have no clue what hell this will bring.
"Survival of the Financially Fittest" I think that this bill outs @PRyan & McConnell as believers in Evolution and/or Eugenics.
Looks like they want to kill poor children and the elderly. Not shocked at all. I hope they underestimate the anger of ppl without hope.
What's going to happen to seniors on medicare now but will need a nursing home, paid by medicaid. Women use PP 4 everything.
ppl can easily understand graphs like these...thx...keep them coming...
#TheResistanceAreHeroes who will #Resist the deconstruction of the USA by these traitors and there comrades

@mdrfl @haeyoun millions will die
Assuming insurance will cover, states raise taxes to make up the shortfall & everyone pays more to cover tax cuts for the rich. Or just die.

Wait... Why is it "the GOP health bill" and "Obamacare"? Why not "Trumpcare"? Why not "ACA"?
The difference in terminology by the media confuses me. Why the double standard?
Majority affected are Trump supporters & they are willing to give up Medicaid for Trump.
I told you the GOP would never, ever do a bill that is good for Americans. They seem proud of being cruel to disadvantaged!
49% of all births? Jesus Christ. How many problems would be fixed in this country if people stopped having kids they can't afford!
None of you Democrat mental midget's know anything about med ins. You losers are political failures. $30 mil wasted, real smart.
#failingNYTimes
Medicaid probably covers a GREAT number of #drumpf supporters who are out of work. Wonder what they'll do when @gop and #drumpf launch #ahca
It makes Medicaid better by making states responsible and eliminating the waste & fraud so enjoyed by Democrats.
So when does the GOP roll out the funding bill for Euthanasia Centers? Because no one is talking about the aftermath of this bill.
Who is covered by #medicaid?64% in nursing homes
60% disabled kids
49% all births
70% all poor kids
#SaveOurCare 
@ACPinternists
And yet States keep voting Republican! They don't care about GOP heath bill that will devastate themselves and millions of others.  Crazy
#MedicareForAll
Stein, Bernie or Busters, Susan Slurandon, well played!  Well played! The result of childishly pretending you're Che Guevara.
That particular portion of this bill must be studied. Medicaid was never meant to be phased out. Too many people need it to live!
What's the proposal to save this group while reducing costs to rest of us? Allow 4 negotiations of Rx, bid out health insurance ...thoughts?
That's Y Mitchell only spoke with lobbyists!
Our "mission accomplished" was premature - this is the final battle of the Cold War, the infiltration of the GOP by Putin.
This is not about "repealing and replacing Obamacare" This is about replacing Medicaid as we know it.
Trouble seems to lie at intersection of "nursing home" and "poor children" with "all adults" (read most voters). And of selfish with dumb.
Sometimes change is good. Accountability and responsibility are good too.
They don't want ambitions but they don't want to support poor children.
Why has this society forced medical costs so high & income producing opportunities so low that Medicaid is ONLY answer? Gov't = bad stuff?
The cuts affect everyone who is not a millionaire--not just the poor. This is what people need to know.

I would love to ask the Senators
How do you see the future? Parents give birth to a child with cerebral palsy & then? Rely on charity? And if there isn't enough charity?
Or work hard and pay for their child's well being. Pretty basic concept. Stop looking for a hand out!
Forever is only relative when GOP is in charge. Fast forward to 2018.
Rs have disdain for the poor and elderly. Notice how many nursing home residents use Medicaid. This could be your mom or dad in their future
Actually my mom and dad responsibly saved for retirement.
That's great. Some people don't have the same circumstances and life events can happen and change their life plans. The least of our bros...
If we drop people with disabilities,elderly,those in nursing homes, those with opioid addictions,children - they die but GOP gets tax break
Great news we are broke
So ironic that many of Trump's policies would adversely affect his loyal base
Well fuck em. They wanted trump they got trump. I will let them die in the streets like a fucking dog. Elections have consequences
If Trump creates jobs for your children, would you still hate him?
Where in the coal mines without benefits? My kids don't need Trumps help. I provided my children with a quality education.
Coal mine stuff is outdated & ridiculous & contributing to global warming. The point is remaining objective has value. Blind hate looses
This is the hidden insanity of the GOP "repeal/replace" bills. They don't address any real issues with ACA, but gut Medicaid for tax cuts.
@pudman1956 nothing hidden about their insanity.  The last "decent" Republican in the WH was DDE.  Kinda sad you have to dig back to the 50s
Let's be perfectly candid..removal of Medicaid is genocide on the poor. Trump talked about his prejudice against the poor in Iowa #TrumpCare
You're delusional. In most cases it is the kick in the butt many people need
Yes it's really the @GOP dream come true, those immoral bastards
This is so painful to watch!  Our government is morphing before our eyes and becoming anti-citizen! We have lost our way!!
aren't those the chords to "Stairway to Heaven"?
Get ready to take Granny out of the nursing home. Medicaid pays for majority of patients, but Trumpcare will make huge cuts in these funds.
The most important piece
The fact that doctors & hospitals aren't panicking about #Obamacare's repeal says they can live without it
Everyone one know the baby boomers  wave will hit and they will all retire at same time and need coverage which Trump will charge them for.$
It's covering my dads nursing home right now. If not for Medicaid I don't know what we would do to care for him. @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan
It's covering my dad's care now too.
Their starting point is a point with no heart for real, live human beings...
Please call your senators daily to vote NO for any bill that covers fewer Americans, or reduces Medicaid. These senators are critical.
Hey Ohio!!!
Rob Portman is part of the GOP SECRET healthcare initiative!!
Party over Country!!!
The poor will suffer; the poor will suffer
Jesus - these sick GOP Fμ©ks are abominable! Their inheritance tax needs to be 60% along with their income tax rate!
One can argue that it comes down harder on Medicaid.
They need to get on the exchanges
It's almost as if they want to get rid of the old and the disabled. 
This is so inhumane! UN will probably cite country for human rights violations!
The people in the diagram are low propensity voters . This should explain a lot .
#WhereIsTheOutrage
Well gassing us disabled folk would look bad so...
And if Dems can win in 2018 on this then I give up
I am a Republican: remind me why I am getting a tax cut while denying HC coverage to those who need it most? Serious question. Hard to see??
I guess we'll see tomorrow.  It's a great question.
The gangsters attempting to destroy #Medicaid must be made to pay for their crime even if they fail. It is your duty to ensure they do fail.
@SpeakerRyan has been dying to do this since his Miami of Ohio frat days. 

What a disgusting legacy. Hope he loses big in 2018.
Maybe the word should go out to those people that feel perfectly safe in their employer funded insurance, they will also be affected!
If you're depending on your employers insurance (aka middle class), good luck paying for your parents or grandparents nursing home bill.
This is going to punch basically most of America in the face.
And Medicare apparently to be phased out after 7 years. I actually intend to live longer than that. NO WAY is this going to stand.
As long as the GOP views poor people as irresponsible and poor children as products of irresponsible adults, the statistics are meaningless
Mean......
I wonder how many Senators give to the Special Olympics, or other foundations for children with disabilities. #cognitivedissonance
It's about GOP delivering a death blow to the least among us. 
GOP = ZERO Compassion ZERO Empathy Until they NEED it
The Republicans as kids were the ones that used to torture a little animals. Then they grew up and now they are torturing people. Keep ACA.
100%100%100%100%100%100% what's so difficult about that?? Why al the strange percentages?? Morons!
...what
How rich does our nation have to get to be able to cover poor children?
How about people stop having children they can't afford? Paying for half of all births in this country is bullshit.
I see; we can never be rich enough and you just want to be sure those children are held accountable for being born.
No, I want to see those parents that are unable to make the simplest of decisions held accountable. 50% I mean come on.
It also is about how to divi out the tax dollars that were dedicated to it.
"Aw, plenty more where that came from - and we'll raise them to not want luxuries like a living wage or education."
I think that most GOP voters believe that only POC, immigrants and "lazy" ppl use Medicaid not hard working ppl (WWC).
.@realDonaldTrump & @SenMajLdr want to become the party that kills kids & old people. Pass #AHCA, lose in 2018.
How sad! This is just ridiculous! Smh! Dirty Republicans!
the folks that this will effect the most will continue to vote for GOP and Trump.   they will not get it until it slaps them in the face
Yeah, after they are re-elected when the bad effects take over.
This is a lied all children had free health care already. That has not changed IT THE MASSIVE AMOUNTS GIVEN TO ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS stop that.
Those in nursing home  were on disability or SS. Medicare.The burden is from illegal immigrants. Cut off the illegal,grandma will be fine.
People who are getting free health care are never going to let go that what obama wanted. But we need to pull the plug First on all illegal
We need to pull the plug on ignorance.  Nobody is getting "free health care" in the US, and WTF does immigration have to do with it?
Simple who do you think pays for thier insurance? Welfare foodstamps sec8 hs.,mediaid,all of it by middleclass taxpayers thatswho.
Great graphic!
64% of all nursing home residents would be at risk. A death sentence for many.
These Congress ppl are just plain #CRUEL &don't care about Americans. #ACHA #Medicaid #ACA #Obamacare This #Trumpcare will B their downfall
Great piece. Medicaid also helps ensure that ppl experiencing homelessness can get adequate & appropriate help & treatment.
Explain why GOVT should cover all this stuff? Citizens & faith orgs should step up. taxes = more $ to help others Programs pawns for votes
The system is simple we all pay because at some point we will all need help
All need transportation but not everyone gets to drive a Rolls Royce. Have public hospitals like schools private 4 extra 
they #GOP came up with it. The Real Story of Obamacare's Birth 
https://www.theatlantic.com/politics/archive/2015/07/the-real-story-of-obamacares-birth/397742/ …
TrumpCare include Death Panels?
They don't need death panels! They're just cutting all health care to the poor and elderly!  They will die due to not having any care!
Indeed...
Not forever.  Those changes can be reversed.
I am thinking it covers most hospice care?
Hospice pays 6,000-6,550/month at home. Add a facility's which Medicare does not pay and it may double. Just did 300 days as home caregiver
It also BANKRUPTS MEDICARE by 2025. #ACA extended the life of Medicare by 12 years. Repealing it means Medicare will be gone by 2025.
hey margot medicaid DOES NOT cover all children with disablities
Changing does not mean eliminating.  It means "improving"

Honest democrat comments about this bill are as rare as unicorns.
And this is OK with Repub's? WTF @SenateGOP @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr Unconsionable. Posted on FB too.
The GOP care very deeply about this issue.  They want us to die.
#GOPkills use it and brand them for what they are.
THIS is SCARY!As a mom of a disabled child,I am terribly concerned about ramifications of bill.We lose this, we cud lose her. #SaveMedicaid
But the millionaires and billionaires will be OK, right? They have it rough. I mean that's why the @SenateGOP are doing all this.
@puppymnkey Medicaid covers nonwhites, gays, Jews and women.
