BREAKING: Trump advisers were in constant communication during the campaign with Russians, multiple officials say http://cnn.it/2lIPIri  
And the only way that could be known... The Dems spied on the Trump campaign.  They used the IRS, why not the NSA. Wake up
This PA voter applauds and supports your call for an independent investigation. Please keep it up.
Seek the truth Senator!
dont give up. #subpoenaPence. Collusion with Russia is treason. #lockthemUp
Please explain why didn't this information come up during the election process?
Thank you for being a voice of reason and standing up for American values. Pennsylvania & America need more senators like you.
You weren't concerned with Hillary's/Obama's uranium deal wit Putin. Why???
thank you Senator Casey and CNN!!!!
CNN FAKE NEWS
Yes It Does.
Stopped reading CNN and the newsp's you quote.  Biased and bad news.  Represent all us in PA.  Get to real work, please.
Why don't you also investigate who is leaking all the classified info on the president? Pretty sure that's illegal.
who determines if an independent investigation can take place? Is it up to one person?
Rick Saccone 2018
= FAKE NEWS, Unreliable, find a better source
Go get all the people with Trump, including Trump who committed treason.  This is our country not a kingdom run by Trump.
"per CNN". The more you rumor monger, the more I'm sure you are unfit for re-election.
Couldn't agree more!
You are SO right. We need an independent #investigation
Outrage, how can any member of Congress not want to shine a bright light on this , people's reps must act!
24 hours later, just as true. GOP stonewalling. Keep pressing. WE will not let this drop.
We absolutely do need an independent investigation. I would think the @SenateGOP would prefer a non-partisan approach too.
I couldn't agree more! Keep pressing your Republican colleagues. There's more to this story.
Bob  ,do something for your own god damn state .Scranton , Johnstown  , Harrisburg are all 3rd world . Stop politicking !
please insist on an independent investigation into the Trump/Russia connection.  #IMPEACH
@HoopsandHome @CNN any politician who lied to the American people need to to be impeached. #impeach all
glad to see at least one of PA's Senators cares about the USA.  #invisibleToomey
keep the pressure on..we will continue calling MoC demanding a full investigation
we are counting on the press, courts, and legislators to get to the awful truth.  Executive branch is incapable
make it happen Senator Casey
TrumPutin Admin OUT FIRST !!
Then INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION !!
Make it happen. This is most urgent priority. 51 Senators can halt all other business. Dems, McCain likely to cooperate.
This is very suspicious and for Trump's business associates to communicate with Russia. He says no ties
Anyone stupid enough to believe anything #CNN says must be...  well, a Democrat.
i too wAnt a complete indy investigation.
CNN is fake news. Hillary deleted her emails pal.
it is obvious the Republicans intend to do nothing and block any efforts to investigate trump and bannon.
But that's what the public felt ALL THE TIME! Spots on Leopards don't change! 45 was Scum is Scum and will always be Scum!
THANK YOU.  I STAND WITH THE TRUTH
ewww.... 'multiple officials'  unnamed sources but ok, you go w/least trusted network as your source.
@realDonaldTrump the foundation is cracking. You're going down! You knew & you ordered it. #impeach
@damonbethea1 @CNN everyone could have proof dropped in their lap but what are we going to do about it is the ?
don't let this one lie youz guyz
do not give up on this, our democracy deserves better.
I haven't said it before now, but I believe impeachment hearings are in order.
Jeff Sessions cannot be allowed to conduct the investigation.
#fuckcnn
yeah - who is giving the press classified information? Please find the criminal who is a national security risk
respect for my home state representatives
Go for it!  Independent investigation!  Don't let this drop!#fake president
Could we ask the United Nations to investigate Trump's ties to Russia if the Republican Party refuses?
Yes! The American people deserve to know the facts.
Thank you Senator Casey. Please keep pushing for investigation. As a constituent I fully support you in calls for investigation
Hello yeah, investigate how registered democrat general betrayed his country and president. Normal behavior I guess.
@Laurie_David @CNN From Russia with love, here's 'http://K.G.Baby ' 
http://www.reverbnation.com/open_graph/song/21006329 … #russiagate #russianhacking #Trumprussia
The only clear path in front of us all is full and open discovery and investigation.
please keep up the great work. You have been 100% on America's side. We won't forget.
please hold this admin. accountable!
push for truth!
Can you guys please schedule these bombshell leaks early in the evening? You're screwing up my sleep schedule!
What's sleep ??
I remember, ...... Obama was president ZZZzzz
Dad we miss you !! Please come home !!!!!
No specific sources quoted or did I miss it?  More credible if there were specific sources cited.  Fake news?

Who and when is this investigation going to be called? Comey cannot be trusted.
yes, indeed.  Thank you senator.
on thing growing is that bucket of tears!!!
@realDonaldTrump should be stripped of all of his Presidential powers until we find out what the hell is going on
trusted a democrat.  That is what is going on. Should have freaking known better.
Flynn was Democrat. So much for trust.
why is the @GOP so complacent? #CountryOverParty #Investigate
Because Flynn was a democrat, a plant. There won't be an investigation because too many Dems exposed.
Agreed
PLEASE PUSH FOR THIS SENATOR!Thank u for the leadership and activism you have demonstrated in the 1st 27 days-Proud in PA
Yes, push. Arrest Flynn and other Democrat links. Drain the swamp.
Yes, investigate FLYNN And other lying Democrats
#IMPEACH @realDonaldTrump  and drive him from office.
did president Obama authorize the wire Taps. Please investigate from the phone Taps to the FBI to the press.
Don't forget, Obama tapped Merkel's phone.  No surprise Russian operatives were under scrutiny.
ok so how did it get to the press. Obama approved that too? FBI is watching u to give to press ?
Trump antagonized our security forces.  Many have access to intel.  It got leaked.
Go get  some  sleep okay, you have  8years to  lost  cause. We  shall  overcome  all  dems  senators ahd gov anarchist
Demand an independent investigation. Please!
Yes, investigate. Trump trusted a democrat and was betrayed.
yes Senator. If I can sleep, I want to wake up to this news and ideally Trump and the traitors around him gone
Join the Republicans.
I'm sure you will.  Like Flynn, you'll look for a chance to betray your country and president.
please make sure this isn't just forgotten. Trump & company needs to be investigated and impeached. We need a new election
IF Trump were convicted of an actual crime, there's no new election, Mike Pence becomes Pres.  Sorry Snowflake.
his entire corrupt gang needs to be locked up ... treason is punishable by death
The GOP is thumbing their nose at the entire country, they're doing anything they like, and laughing at us.  @CNN
Laughing...yes, at our own stupidity. Trusting a democrat and expecting honesty was stupid.
as a PA voter/tax payer, please pursue this.
@BresPolitico @CNN by the minute, from what I see.
What did Comey know and when did he know it? Why did he release info about Secretary Clinton 10 days before the Election?
Stay on it Senator!
Go ahead. Tell us Obama was not in contact with Russia before his swearing in. #fakenews #fakesenator
it truly amazes me that ignorant ppl like you exist. Get your head out of the sand!  @SenBobCasey @CNN
Go Get'em Bobby C. Give'em hell like Harry Truman https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.nytimes.com/2017/02/14/us/politics/russia-intelligence-communications-trump.amp.html?client=safari …
well "FATHER"???.. render unto Caesar what is Caesars... render unto GOD what is GODS.. remember HIM???
lets get another source. CNN isn't unbiased in its Trump coverage
@nytimes covered it.  FBI releasing names of Trump aides who spoke w Russia after they get comment
A special prosecutor that is independent from @POTUS is required. How to begin that process? #trumpRussia
LOL 
TY Sen. Casey How do we get @SenToomey & rest of GOP to listen & #STOPhim ??
(@SenToomey) says he's all for an investigation... Into where the leaks are coming from.
impeach him before we all die.
#LockHimUp Investigation into the Trump-Russian connection imperative to national security. @jasoninthehouse is a coward
investigation??? Impeach him!!!
Flynn? He was fired. Cannot trust a democrat even when they claim to be on your team.
So much happening. Can't keep up! Did they really think they wouldn't be found out?
Flynn obviously lied to make Trump look bad. Never trust a democrat.
SOMEONE needs to do SOMETHING already. This is preposterous.
Please don't forget that Comey knew and kept silent, yet he dropped the email bomb. He can't be trusted.
