As a caseworker, I see how Medicaid helps those in need, esp elderly and disabled. Thank you for protecting their interests
This is a lie you tell Medicaid Expansion is impacted,which should have never been granted to begin with.Get rid of illegals,spend $$ legals
Why am I being forced to pay for other people's entitlements? Senator, when will you join the ACA like your constituency?
you don't "join" the ACA. ITS A LAW.
You are correct. It is a tax law to fund the entitlement.
You probably don't even pay to support your children
I don't have children, but I pay plenty to SCHIP. Forcing hardworking people to pay for others is a tax and entitlement.
I am a hard-working person who is on Medicaid, you jerk!  Now I will lose insurance.
First time I've seen hard-working and Medicaid used in the same sentence.
And you are still a jerk
Bob your worried about Medicaid.. How about the working class..I know a couple..that's paying 1600 a month.neither has a pre ex
America's money!
Even more outrageous to celebrate it. I feel another protest coming.......
Honestly maybe it's time for a popular revolution. @ellkaybee @SenBobCasey
The GOP has always hated Medicaid, because those of us on it are just lazy bums
I look forward to voting you out of office we are tax broke and cannot afford to keep pay for the lazy this is a step towards a fix
Spend and Tax @SenBobCasey working hard to take more money away from blue collar hard working PA families! Hackjob Bob! Hackjob Bob!
Do some reading. He's directly helping blue collar Pennsylvanians.   If you actually are one of us you would know that.
Sadly, Scott Perry (PA 4th) voted yes. His district is mostly rural, working class, older. Thank you for being PA's advocate in the Senate!
It's incredibly rich people and their underlings. Our new oligarchs are going 2 town
Thank you for your decency and service. A supporter.
That's why all Republicans must be voted out of office all elections everywhere. They are a danger to society, just like Trump & his gang.
Hmmm it's outrageous to support Obamacare that decreases coverage on private insurance holders...
Well your private insurance will go up 61% now so enjoy your dance on graves
Hmmmm. That's a lot better than the 150% increase from Obamacare... I'll take it :)
Where do you live? Our health insurance costs less now. So does insurance in-laws pay and my adult(working) children pay.
Yawwnnnnnnnn.   You are the blind leading the blind.
Thanks for voting no
It's outrageous that ppl like YOU don't care about premiums rising & ins companies leaving states w/no options! My prem, more than car pymt
you supported Obamacare which was a total waste of money and time and we're suppose to trust you? Your all about politics!
If you weren't Russian you'd know it was GWBush who did that.
Most Americans have no idea that Medicaid pays for 70% of our long term care, which affects a heckuva lot of families...
The terrifying thing--we live in a country rule by $ and if you don't need Medicaid than everyone who does is lazy. #savetheus
It is bc we have people who directly profit and find pleasure in making peoples lives more difficult currently in power. We must #resist .
It's about life and death, and being a freaking decent human being! What in the world is wrong with those Representatives!? #TrumpDontCare
And takes insurance away from folks who are already sick. Morally disgusting.
Republican or Democrat neither of you are working together to improve the bill together. Shame on all of you politicians.
I am tired of hearing politicians bark back and 4th about who did what worse. Fix the problem 4 the American people! That's who u work 4
Thank you.
Trump & his crew are nothing if not outrageouos in the worst way (s).
You're being too kind about what the Reps are kissing on Trump.
Well you didn't give a shit about unborn babies when you voted to fund planned parenthood......
Your full of it.  All you democrats do is create fake fear mongering. You have no platform just opposition.
@RepChrisSmith has the same views and is looking for a bipartisan solution
Hey Bob close your mouth too much stupid is coming out!!!
They just voted a 61% private insurance increase is I don't know why some of you are dancing on graves
Oh please Bob.
Live in the Great State of Florida and watch what happens. We are full of retirees and Vets. This is horrific!!! Their day will come 11/7/18
Sad part is not a single politician actually cares about what's best for the people. It's all about $ and power. D's do the same as needed.
All American lives are IMPORTANT.
All American lives are IMPORTANT
Hey bob twist the facts as usual
Stop TrumpCare. 
Do not let this happen. Anyone could find themselves in need of Medicaid. 
Stop TrumpCare.
no one cares about medicaid when you just sold the country out to the fbi
That 8 billion $ that was added on yesterday is a joke. 8 billion for all the pre existing over 5 years will not be enough. Then what
2018 & 2020 will be the end of a lot of these guys & women who voted yes b/c America stands strong. Vote them out.
IMPEACH AND LOCK HIM UP!!!
Ocare decimated everything.
Medicaid can stand to have major cuts! SO much fraud & abuse!
Please stand up for the little people out there that are gonna be without healthcare and will probably die now 
Thank you for fighting for us!
As well as planned parenthood.
Next step for all of us-- call @SenToomey. He needs to finally stand up and do right by his constituents.
Shame on Rep. Mike Kelly of PA for voting for this vile legislation. Senator Casey, please do all you can to stop it in the Senate.  TY!
clown.
Boy your twitter intern is really earning their pay today!
Covers less cost more
Repugs only want help rich with tax breaks &gain campaign funds!Greed &Gluttony is their mandate &top priority!
@HouseGOP Kept there healthcare intact!  The rest can die in the streets!  Defeat "AHCA (A Heinous Con Act)" when it reaches the Senate!
I have concluded today that all the republicans who voted for this are evil, braindead zombies who need to be exposed.
But it's not outrageous. This is what they do. Their life. Their love. The outrageous part is that those vulnerable people vote for them.
I just called @SenToomey to ask him not to stab us I. The back like @RepTomMarino

Visit @RepTomMarino! #ACARepeal #NEPA #OpioidCrisis 
@HouseGOP @SpeakerRyan U proved U dont care how mny @GOP voters will Lose HealthCare U have @realDonaldTrump 2 thank 4 the #PoliticalSuicide
How do you vote for something that is not rated nor know what it does?
Stand against it, name and shame @SenToomey  for being against the most vulnerable amongst us.
maybe you should publish  @SenToomey 's home address
I'm going to go cry myself into a nap.  Can't take it
I'm crying at a gas pump! Geez
Thank you for continuing to fight for people like my son.
#TRUTH
Keep fighting for the people!!!! Thank you, Senator Casey!
We need the Senate to #ProtectOurCare, you are the last line of defense for millions of Americans.
To survive I will have to move into my car, I will be 63, have a horrible neurological disease..afraid they will destroy SS & Medicare next
I'm right there with you @Jahmai11...It's Disgraceful!
It's not outrageous to think it. It's outrageous to vote for it. Republicans just did, making clear their status as enemies of America.
@NancyPelosi rambling that #Republicans knew for 7yrs about  #ACA   #Democrats  knew this fight was coming & did nothing.
That's not true actually.
Bunch of fools.
Obamacare is imploding. Iowa just today.
