Thank you for being the ONLY person I've seen to call this out!
POTUS, White House @HouseGOP @SenateGOP have lost the confidence of America including @GOP Voters
Why did they touch employer health insurance??  Leave what works alone!!  Corporations are making enough money!
I already have higher costs thanks to Obamacare. Take home pay decreased 4 years straight.
Senator the fight is already on. Rural versus urban PA. You won't win anymore by hiding in Philly. We want you out!!!!!
Yet @HouseGOP continue to lie about costs and benefits of #ACHA. #SinglePayer #wedeservebetter
Are you kidding? My husband's insurance (employer) deductible is $5000 per yr. now, pre House GOP health care.
Bob..work on fixing the v a...vets are dying while trying to get health care..yoir up for re election how can you face these vets..help.
Hey - does that include Congress? They have employer healthcare.
Did you read the bill Senator
I can't afford it going up again for poor coverage. Don't make a enough, especially with student loan payments looming. Every dollar counts!
Still love to know what's every Republican Cut from the money they stealing from all this Bull Crap they doing to Nation and People?
Love ur choice of words, from now on all of this administrations actions should be referred to as schemes, that's what they r #resist
SINGLE PAYER NO INSURANCE COMPANIES ALLOWED THEY ARE THE PROBLEM FOLLOW THE MONEY .
What planet do you live on the Ahca is already so expensive we can't afford it.at least with there plan there's comp. do bring down $
More Sen. Casey propaganda!! Obamacare raised rates astronomically & removed choice. Stop the campaign rhetoric at voters expense!
And yet, my home state of Pennsylvania voted for Trump.  It's was a sad and embarrassing day for the Commonwealth.
Pennsylvania:  Whoa, Corbett (R) REALLY SUCKS.  *votes him out*
Also Pennsylvania:  WOW TRUMP woohoo he's so rich he must be so smart.
Too bad I won't also be seeing a raise.
What about ur healthcare scheme with Obamacare? U Dems r nothing but hypocrites.
@SenateDems @HouseGOP @WSJ at least they will still have health insurance they can use
Sort of like the Obama care  scheme huh bobbie?? Not to mention. $6,000 deductible #hypocrite
Say no..stop the madness. Speak Loudly!
Where were you with my premium increase when you messed with healthcare?
I hope the Senate shuts this down.
Uhhh... .you're a little late to that party. They've been been skyrocketing under Ocare.

Thanks for letting us know Senator Casey - you are truly one of the good guys.
Bob have you switched your healthcare to Obamcare of PA yet?
Oh and they will not with the Obama care ??? Thanks Bobby you dah man
It's already too expensive, this will mean I have to make a choice between eating & heathcare. 
Given I'm a single mom with a teenager, I have to have both. So I guess we'll sell the house & live in a tent 
Not surprised. Under ObamaCare employers were cost shifting to players with less ability to pay.
Scheme. Good choice of words.
The hits just keep on coming
The Center 5K Run - Aron Koz's Page http://www.thecenterrun.org/aronkoz1 .   I follow those who follow me
Lost my health care thanks to Ocare it can't get any worst. Fixes it
Please explain to me how this can be true coming from same people that said rates would drop & we could keep our Dr under ACA. Fear tactics
Is there a "dislike" emoji for this?
Premiums can't be worse than Obamacare. No choices in PA. EXCHANGES ARE A FAILURE. Stop playing politics with our health. Obamacare=failure
They voted for it. Let them suffer for 4 yrs.
I have a $4000.00 deductible...along with insurance cost out of paycheck...plus copays. By the time you get to use it the year starts over.
This needs to be restated, everyone, will pay more and get less when the Republicans steal $880 billion from our healthcare fund shameful!!
Wait a minute, Obama tookmoney from across the govt & borrowed to pay for & prop up the crap called ACA. Partly why US is 20Trilion in debt.
Just wake up?  This has been going on for quite awhile.  Your record shows on this you've done nothing.What's your solution? Gotcha stumped?
Newsflash Bob, my premiums and deductibles have increased 10 fold on OBOOBOCARE. Don't be a typical Dem.Compromise!
AHCA "Tax Cut" for wealthiest Americans 0.10%, guts ACA funding & protections, millions lose cov, life-ending non-healthcare young old poor
copy @RepTomMacArthur Not you though, right Congressman?
Of course. And the rich get richer. Why not? This is America.
Trumpcare is not health care; it is a tax cut and gift to insurance co's.
#SaveACA
it's not even a health care bill, it's a massive tax cut. @realDonaldTrump lied when he said coverage for all
We are feeling this, though, thanks for the heads-up, & your voice for your constituents, which I am one! #theResistance
If this were anywhere else like in France Cars would be burning on the Capitol steps-Pix of gleeful joyous nutjobs.
These BOZOs have BEST medical care in the US on our dime-it's a GOVERNMENT PLAN-but they claim we don't want govt running our care?! WTF?!?!
Hey. . Wait a minute?!?!  That's not what YOUR president promised you?!?!?!
please fight for us
And the Senate rewrite? @SenToomey? What's that look like?
When will Congress be part of the ACA plan for their insurance????????!?
Yes. This was tried when the dumbocrats passed the failing Obamacare 2,000 pages of lies and skyrocketing premiums and deductibles
TRUMPCARE is what we get when @HouseGOP puts PARTY over COUNTRY...oh and collusion with Russia. #Disgrace
yeah AND stuff won't be mandated to be covered for what they pay either
This is what really frightens me. I emailed you last night about this.
My healthcare already goes up every year at re-enrollment time. Along with high copays.  What happens if I lose my job?????
Nothing good from the GOP. NOTHING.
Because ACA was such a success?
Glad I have a Senator like yourself to fight this B.S.
I might very well be filing for bankruptcy instead of house-hunting if it weren't for out of pocket caps. Just saying...
the Senate has it...have you gotten together with other mid-Atlantic senators to come up with viable suggestions for the committee?
