All 50 Medicaid directors come out against GOP bill to repeal ObamaCare http://hill.cm/oUNRIXD  
Not accurate. the letter represents what the board concluded. BUT:
keep it up Senator. #GOPcomplicit and keep educating with your tweets. Attach articles and help ppl to learn all they can !
Senate is working on a bipartisan Healthcare Bill and Senator Casey is part of it! More power to the more sensible ones
Yes. The Senate Health Committee had 4 hearings in 2 weeks to develop bipartisan legislation to stabilize premiums.
Worked stopped because Senate GOP leaders are pushing Graham-Cassidy
All 50 agreed? Unprecedented, but they will not care...

Don't care.  #FullRepeal
Thanks for working to defeat this bill. As one of your constituents I'm terrified how PA will vote-but I feel good knowing you're involved!
I'm hoping he votes for it.  He's up for re-election next year.
Um, he is staunchly against it, so probably not.
I'm sure the mainstream media will try to claim that 50 out of 50 is 100% or something like that
Thank you for fighting for us!

#GrahamCassidy
CALL ALL UNDECIDED GOP
https://www.senate.gov/senators/contact/ …
Where Republicans stand on Graham-Cassidy @CNNPolitics …
State directors know that state governments and temporary block grant funds are not best at doing the right things for Medicaid patients
As a constituent, thank you for continuing to fight for us.  Having to keep begging our own government not to hurt our kids is exhausting.
What are the chances that if this bill fails they don’t just try again in a few months? It’s frustrating having to have this same fight
Because of the rules of congress, they have until the end of this month to pass this bill with only 50 votes. They can try again next year.
And will be tougher next year because of midterm elections
Thanks Senator Casey for fighting against this lunacy!
Hey Bob what you don't get is that we the working taxpayers, pay for Medicaid and our own healthcare. You have no concerns about us though.
Not much more to say the experts have spoken @SenAlexander @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski @marcorubio @SenJohnMcCain
That's probably a good sign. As Mel Brooks omce daid;"Men, we have to save our phony bologna jobs."
This is why I say REPEAL then fix the few major problems, e.g. insurance across state lines, tie insurance to individual not company
Of course they do like the rest of the liberal bureaucrats they think the fed govt should run everything
As well they should!
Hey @GOP, you suck. @Schwarzenegger We need your help with gerrymandering. Keep up the good work.
Thanks for doing your job Senator. I'll be happy to cast my vote for you in 2018. Too bad the other PA senator is bought by the Koch bros.
You've got to do everything in your power to STOP this Suicide Healthcare plan! Insane!
Well I am a  low middle class widow whose ins is out of site.  I am not on gov assistance and my out of pocket beyond reach Hate O Care
@LindseyGrahamSC Along with every major health industry organization! I guess only the donors matter not those who need coverage.
Passing #GrahamCassidyBill with so many experts against is flat out criminal and all who vote for it should be prosecuted #SaveACA
These morons don't care. They all serve at their master's feet - DJT
OSN that something government bureaucrats against something is going to take it out of their hands #sosickofyourbullshit
Do you really think they noticed? Or even care !! @GOP @SenateGOP @ChuckGrassley
@LindseyGrahamSC This should concern you. I hope it does.
Why are there 50 Medicaid directors? Do they personally help take care of anyone? They aren't bandaging anyone or giving shots.
But the two Koch brothers are for it, so they will get at least 50 votes.
That's because it digs into their profits!! It the playing field for ALL and does it the RIGHT way. #GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace
Don't want to mess up skimming. So easy.
SHA ZAM !
#GOPhungergames
How can you put your party prestige above the people of America? What kind of party are you?
All. Liberal. Every. Single. One.
They don't want their gravy stirred Bobby! They love the $$$. What are your contributions to fixing Health Care?? A big fat NOTHING BURGER!!
Of course. Protecting their fiefdom.
Unfortunately, this will not slow @GOP efforts to completely dismantle the health care sector
Sen. Casey, you ARE CERTAINLY aware the board issues these type of statements... were all 50 directors actually polled? JUST ASKIN'
It's the little foxes that spoil the vine. Not just Koch, but the $20k and $30k donors.  Just a thought.
Not sure I trust that figure.
Yet Sen John Kennedy (R) Louisiana is onboard.  Could it be Oshner Health benefits from #GrahamCassidy & thus the good Senator?  Others?
Gosh. You people don't have a single clue about healthcare; just what your propaganda machines tell you.
If CassidyGraham passes, GoFundMe will become America's largest healthcare provider.
Im in healthcare, I can tell you most in the biz will tell u Obamacare is a disaster. Medicaid Directors come against. Oh what a surprise.
All medical providers are against this bill. Even blue cross/blue shield is against it.therepub just wanta win, couldcareless abouthealth.
Why are there 50 Medicaid directors?
Each state has someone in charge of Medicaid for their respective states.
Great, thanks.
They would know more than Graham or Cassidy
 Shocking. They all like having more of our money to waste with no oversight or prevention for fraud and abuse! 
Tell @SenSanders to stop #SinglePayer debate and save #ACA before Koch deadline. You do radical stunts when you support ticket and win
Soo,The question becomes Who is Paying Your Colleagues,Really?
Keep up the fight, Senator! Philly is proud of your temerity!
And @SenToomey still keeping his views secret from us, his constituents. He owes us an honest explanation of his views!
So @SenDeanHeller you should #VoteNOGrahamCassidy and protect #Nevada

@lisamurkowski even in #alaska so #VoteNOGrahamCassidy
Senator Casey, please do EVERYTHING YOU CAN to stop this! Tie yourself to the ACA if you have to... #saveACA #ProtectOurCare
I just don't understand. They're so blinded by the thought of a political win that they're all charging blindly right off the cliff.
Not just a political win. The Koch bros 7 other big donors say no campaign donations unless ACA repeal & tax "reform" passes.
