Trump to propose slashing Medicaid, giving states power to limit other benefits despite lawmakers' unease about cuts http://wapo.st/2qEU5F2 
These cuts will harm seniors, families, children & individuals with disabilities. I won't stand by as @realDonaldTrump turns his back on PA.
But 45 says the plan will "help" all, "believe me".
PA hates you
Thank you, @SenBobCasey ! Continue to fight for us in Pennsylvania!
What reports Bob the imaginary ones the MSM make up and how does it SEEM that way ? Oh that's right it must be true you read in the papers
Thank you for opposing it. Please continue to fight for America.
Thank you.
Why is the #GOP unable to stand up to Trump?   Those who disagree with him but are afraid to show it.
They are more afraid that the checks from rich donors will evaporate if they don't stay in line.
Look at what #Devos is doing to education too.
Thank you Sen. Casey for protecting Medicaid, the only way people disabilities get services to stay in their homes and in the community
.@SenBobCasey thanks for ur concern, but not to worry--Trump will be impeached before this can pass, & hopefully in jail shortly thereafter!
Thank you!
45 is doing what we all knew he was gonna do, take care of his wealthy constituents and his families pockets.
Did you oppose the 700 billion that Obama took away? Hack
This is war on the poor.
The poor, the elderly...this is so cruel.
The disabled
No surprise from you who will oppose anything Trump does! Pathetic Dimms try their damnedest to destroy USA. Been obvious for the past 8 yrs
You somehow are missing Medicaid under Obamacare is decimating itself?  Decimating the quality of healthcare? Decimating our economy?
Many seniors use Medicaid for hospice and nursing home care.
Thank you, Sir!
Of course you will your a sad democrat that only opposes everything
Please oppose his budget! We Pennsylvania's are counting on you!
go ahead Republicans mess with the Trump voters medicaid see if u get elected again.
Thank you for doing the right thing, Senator.
So according to Trump, the poor are just getting too much help huh? Lets talk about CORPORATE WELFARE-
Smith is wrong, gives $millions to a scam criminal organization #Scientology
Hmmm...giving power back to the states (14th)? Can't have that....how Dems in DC get votes if they can't give there constituents free stuff
These white racist Republicans
TY
Thanks Senator Casey. Stand tall.
Fight Fiercely Senator
I am disabled and on Medicaid. I will die without it sir, You are my Senator. Thanks for opposing I am tired my son is a Marine. #Disabled
Obviously you will oppose anything from this adm . UR sad , no independent thought .
Thank you
This looks like lying democratic
Obviously, Pennsylvania is lucky to have one rational senator!
Thank you and I hope your colleauges will follow suit @SenToomey @MikeKellyPA
sad to say but they will not...not a moral bone between the 2 of them...repubs to the core
Thank you for opposing this budget any chance you can lean on @SenToomey to finally do the right thing? #gopbugdetmorallybankrupt
The only thing ypu don't oppose Bobby is tax INCREASES!
Obviously what else would you do? Obstruct as always.
So sad that those who've earned our respect have worked so hard are being disrespected by taking away medical care. WHAT R U GOING TO DO??
Thank you!!!
Bye bye Casey obviously do not represent your constituents we voted trump you OBVIOUSLY DONT CARE keep voting for ur party not your people
@washingtonpost We can trace Medicaid back to JFK,&he is revered for all he did&tried to do for those less fortunate.
Thank you @SenBobCasey and please reach put to your fellow members of. Congress to do the same #resistinjustice
Thank You
Please block this!! And DJT-- you are a liar!!
@magsiniowa Don't give an inch !!
Thank you! You do Pennsylvania (THE most beautiful state in the union) proud, Senator Casey!
Thank you @SenBobCasey !
Thank you for protecting us in PA Senator. We are terrified of how these cuts will affect our family. #PA16.
Thank you Senator @SenBobCasey for hearing the voice of your constituents & continuing to challenge this horrible administration.
He is also eliminating public loan forgiveness for teachers social workers and peace core workers #pleaseoppose
Thank you Senator Casey! Proposed cuts are bad for the health of our country & citizens
Thank you. You're my senator.
next thing you know he'll be drug testing welfare recipients or requiring them to look for work,stop him
Thank you!
His Budget needs 60 votes or 51 Sen? I was told 60 and no way that train wreck gets 60. I'd assume many Mod GOP would oppose it to
Pretty sure its 60
I think so to. And it won't get 60. I doubt it get's 50 to be honest. DEMS will never vote for any budget that cuts SS Disability or F.S

When will see the budget & how much time will you have to review it before voting?
Are security costs of 45, his family & DeVos factored in?
senator: i am so proud to have you as my senator! you have fought for us when we needed your help! medicaid saved the life of a familymember
Anything to keep America from progressing. Typical democratic asshole. Anti-American. Can you stroke out already????
Thank you. It'll be a tough battle. I think they just want to eliminate the masses, let 'em die off.
And I'll keep voting against you. #MAGA
Please do! My 8 month old son is on Medicaid.
Thank you, Senator! We were fighting in Scranton PA today too. #MedicaidMatters
For all you disable & retirement age boomers that voted for this would be dictator, say god by to your Medicare and medicaid
Thank you!
@washingtonpost we are counting on you and saner heads prevail #humanity
Stealing from the poor to give to the rich - @realDonaldTrump 's life
Keep up the good work Senator Casey! Your constituents are are backing you on this!
I hope you will oppose these cuts many people rely on medicaid
Thank you
Thank you
Today I took my child to urgent care for an issue related to her disease. PA's Medical Assist. program enables me to provide care w/o fear
How will this impact PA Medicaid spending for disabled children? I
NEED T0 KNOW.  cc @SenToomey
Thank you !!!!!
Hypocrite
Thank you for standing up for regular people. #RealPA
Thank you, Senator Casey!!:)
fine, we can undo it when democrat takes office again...thing is Republicans are shooting themselves in the foot...good.
Are you ready to impeach trump?
Why isn't Pelosi ready for impeachment?
And we will support you. @IndivisibleMrCo
He has no core- he goes for the win. His family is winning huge business deals. That's what matters to 45.
@washingtonpost stop them! Please
Please make sure public ed is taken care of also.
Thank you, Senator!
Funny how they know what's in the budget before it's published. must have anonymous source who's a former official close to the WH.
Please do oppose it! And please oppose the Anti-Health Care Act. Our vulnerable citizens may not survive it.
Thank you Senator. Stand strong.
U assume Bob not a good idea. Stop being negative #obstruction
Yeah well obviously we need to throw this shithead out of office before he hurts people. #ImpeachTrump
Thank you Senator Casey it is great to feel that at least one of my federal representatives truly reps me.
That's right, they haven't sent it over to the Senate yet, so you don't really know.
Casey is a traitor to the USA; total asshole.

Call him @POTUS
By the time he's ousted 45 will have cost US the $800M GOP wants to cut from Medicaid. The total must already be over $200M
Bernie is right! Need 2b more like #Sweden : biz deregulation, free trade, school vouchers, no property tax, no heir tax & low corp tax.
That's MY Senator. 
This directly breaks a crystal clear promise Trump made before the election.
Totally untrustworthy.
#LyinDon
Thanks for your resistance efforts!
Thank you Senator 
Remind everyone that he promised his rube voters he wouldn't do this.
If he doubled the funds you would oppose it. Obstructionist Dems are anti American scum- you top the list
Thank you sir.
Trump's idea is inhuman-- he doesn't know or care what it's like to be poor... or disabled... or to have a child who needs special services.
THANK YOU ♡
