   

Trump told Russians that Comey is a "nut job"…
so why hasn't he been impeached yet?
Because that 1. requires a crime and 2. requires Congress to do something. Neither have or will happen.
Just out of curiosity: for what exact reason was Comey fired?
Loss of confidence in his abilities to discharge his duties as the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigations.
And all the reasons that Trump gave in various discussions were lies? Oopsies? Misunderstandings?
Lass es, Peter, der hängt an seinem Blondchef.
Schon klar, ich wollte nur mal ein bisschen die Gedankenwelt ergründen
Thank you for speaking out against this "nut job" of a #FakePresident 
@SenToomey is still missing in action! 
@RepScottPerry also missing
It's not "Nixonian."

It's Short Bus Mussolini.

Nixon was, aside from all else, educated and considerably less demented.
And he did a few things right when all said and done, didn't he?
The Trump Effect, cont...

'It's time for us all to admit that metrics have changed and that Nixon was not the bottom.'

Not by a LONG shot.
You're insulting former President Nixon who was both intelligent and while corrupt and dishonest generally loyal to his country
You're right. Unlike Nixon, Trump is only loyal to himself.
Comey is a fn corrupt nut job
You can't say that and suggest Trump is normal.
There is no question
Have fun not getting re elected  other lash back is coming
Wrong Bob, it's Fake News! God, no wonder our country is so jacked up after 8+ years of do nothing for We The People
It's time for the "Foil Hats" for the Trumpettes.  Never seen so much delusion in my life
I know. Stunning. They have really have drunk the kool-aid.
Sen. Casey please clean sanitized the whole area thoroughly after impeachment. No Pence, no Bannon, impeachment should nullify everything.
We know who the nutjob is :-/  This is becoming frightening. I was just told by 2ndCuz that I support Communists because I didn't vote DT
Comey is s corrupt nut Job weTrump
He is a Nut Job and half of the Establishment Mafia
Some would say how ironic it is that he calls Comey a "nut job". Could this be projection as opposed to deflection?
'Nut Job' Comey had it coming
On May 3, Comey testified that he'd *never* been "told to stop" an FBI investigation for political reasons:

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jd-BfTMPeFE …
Thanks for speaking out!
Outrageous!!!! Trump is an ultimate ignorant.....how can a totally NUT person be allowed to decide who is nut?????????
Bill Clinton fired someone too. But Bill probably did it because he didn't want his BJs filmed.
Bill Clinton got a blow, Trump is bed with an ex KGB agent.
At a certain point you be honest with yourself, Democrats are pure evil
I don't think it's party related. I certainly don't think all republicans are stupid based on Trump. I don't think all democrats are good.
I hope Air Force One returns as just an empty airplane.
Comey is a corrupt nut job
He should have filed charges on Hillery...her broke federal law. Destroyed governments property..simple..
It's very disturbing to have a president that is more loyal to Russia than to his own nation.
IMPEACH TRUMP!!
Comey is a corrupt nut job
Apparently, you are unfamiliar with Comey's professional career. Try reading up on the facts before buying into Trump's lies.
He was telling the truth
Is there any reason Hillary & Bill are not in jail?
But yet, you applaud air strikes he orders.
@jmartNYT 
How many congressmen does it take to file an impeachment resolution against CEO Trump?
@SenBobCorker I just saw this tweet by @SenBobCasey and I was like "Finally!!! MY representative is choosing country over party/Russia"
@SenBobCorker @SenAlexander @DesJarlaisTN04 @RepChuck Your silence is deafening. Every second you don't condemn 45, you work for RUSSIA
Comey is s corrupt nut job Killarys emails
I lived through Nixon. There are close comparisons. One difference- Nixon was much, much smarter.
Comey is a corrupt nut Job
Comey is a fn corrupt up Killary @ss nut job
Look at who's calling the kettle black
So proud of your representation of #realPA! Thank you for raising your voice during this time of need Don't let Congress drop investigtns

Except that Nixon wasn't an idiot....so it took five years to get the goods on him, not five months...
worse
Remember Bob election day is coming and you are no shoe in any longer. You would be wise to remember Pa voted for President Trump
You would be wise to understand the meaning of this: YOUR president is smarter than you are.
I'm sure that by the time this is over, Nixon will be Trumponian, not the other way around.
Now we have to worry about Comey flyin' out a 4th floor window (PutinLike),  before he testifies under oath, about trump?
Dear Bob
Since Obama is also a constitutional lawyer...could you please help him to have even a small involvement for when D is impeached
So you like Comey now !? #hypocrite
I HOPE COMEY SPILLS HIS GUTS OUT ABOUT THAT SCUM TRUMP...........
Will they even bother doing a traditional presidential portrait of his ignorant ass after he's run out the White House? #Impeachment
Don't worry Bob, we will work to get you replaced in the next election. Trump is an honest person that doesn't hold back how he feels #Real
Trump lies all the time.....except when it fits our narrative...then he is speaking the truth
@palestininianpr @realDonaldTrump @jmartNYT @nytimes
Speaking of questions, what have you done for Pennsylvania today Bobby? #whataboutbob
O.M.G.
Come should have been fired a long time ago
It's time to put a stop to this madness.
Keep at it.  Thank you.
2018 is right around the corner Senator .   Your replacement Rick Saccone is ready to go!!
use a dose of ethics and actually wait for a shred of evidence first? or is it Guilty until proven innocent now?? #fakenews  #witchhunt
This response makes me think that you support Dolt45 by deflecting the conversation away from the fact that Trump is a fuxktard.
Trump answered it?? Or the anonymous source who read a "memo" over the phone to NYT?? #fakenews
Bobby, you know that Trump could fire him for ANY reason. His Executive branch privilege. So shut up about it and let the investigators work
But job isn't going to go over well with the FBI agents. Watch 4 more leaks.
Blah blah blah must be so embarassing to be a lefty liberal or democrat. Stupid & care about anything & everything but the American people.
You do know that Trump IS smarter than you?
AG Rosenstein  threatened to resign never happened. Bob Casey your shoveling a load of horse shut along with the other dumbassacrats
"Nixonian” Only if Richard Nixon had gotten a brain transplant from a gerbil.
Where are you dumbassacrat getting your info?? NUT W. Post everything they reported last week and before has been proven false.Fake Bobby
@SenBobCasey, please don't let the GOP focus on 'leaks'. We deserve to know the truth.
The only question answered today was with all the leaks from the deep state so far. if there was proof of a crime it would be out.
Sen Casey, PA hates you.
But the corruption and illegal actions are worse.  I really hope we the people know what we need to know ASAP.
Trumpism.
Comey. Crazy.
Like a fox of a different color. 
Nixon on steroids. x10.
We have an #IllegitimatePotus .
On many levels.
Go get that imbecile and kick him out of office
Quiz. What democrat president fired his director of FBI?
Forget Nixonian.
Call it what it really is.  A CRIME.
A CRIME against the US.
Obstruction plain and simple
Trump hasn't articulated a Russia policy for which better Russian relations would be beneficial.
Oh My God!
you really have to go in 2018,remember PA is still a Red State with your working base that voted for Trump
If true, Trump WILL BE the first sitting President removed from office!
Certainly not as bad as deplorable.
Nixonian indeed Senator. Calls Kim Jong-un a Smart Cookie, calls James Comey a Nut Job. I just don't get it. How was he elected?
Unfortunately being an idiot isn't against the law. Plus EC.
Nixon didn't fire the head of the FBI...did he? He lied, manipulated, and did pretty much everything else immoral but not that.
And why is firing the head of FBI such a terrible thing?
Another fake news story you insist on perpetuating. You are a threat to the security of this nation.
Lol what are you gonna do clown? You can't do shit so why don't you sit your ass down and suck your thumbs like a good little boy.
You should not talk to the "so-called" @POTUS like that!! It's make him cry!!
Trump should not have an opinion. FBI Director is supposed to be independent-not a part of his team. Shouldnt be interacting with him.
And who is the " nut job"?
Uh.. Trump.
The walls of treason are crashing down Donnie.... #impeach45 #Trumprussia
Clinton/Comey collusion will b exposed. McCabe/Clinton  FBI leaks will b exposed. CrazyCasey you'll see who the real crooks are! &NOT Trump!
What are you smoking Marilyn??
Patient, competent thought escapes you if the above is really your understanding of things.
Pls take care
Hey Roy go suck your thumb & crawl to your safe space. Sorry if my words "triggered" you. NOT
No worries.  But seriously, I'm being truly sincere, I get why DJT carried the the day, and while not initially, I decided end Feb he
Hahaha! Trump's de rigeur daily exercise of letting the pot call the kettle orange!
Crazy Casey at it again. Russia was created as Red Herring for Dems to distract public from Dem illegal bs going on.
You must be one of the few dumber than the president
Isn't this a perfect example of:  Takes one to know one??
The Emperor of Projection.
Nixon on crack cocaine.  More corrupt, dangerous and maniacal.
I would call anyone a Nut Job who thinks wearing a blue jacket to match curtains will hide your 6'7" stature. LOL @POTUS
I would call any 70y/o man with orange skin and platinum blonde hair who brags about pussy grabbing something much worse than nut job
Collusion in the Oval Office with Russian regarding the Russian investigation with two spy's
Yeah, it's clear. He was a bad employee who didn't even want to shake @POTUS hand & hid amongst the blue curtains.
And what will you do? We can't do nothing here
Senator, how DARE you! Nixon could speak in complete sentences #notNixonian
Funny how it takes just 1 so called journalist to say something without back up & every nutcase liberal takes it as gospel #FrigginIdiots
Funny how you believe everything Trump says.
If you 7 yrs old think of how many times you could chant I KNOW YOU ARE BUT WHAT AM I?
Thanks Bob! Glad you're fighting the good fight! DT PLEASE GO AWAY!!!
This is unacceptable, what do we have to do to get this man impeached?
Get real Senator Casey!!!  Everyone wanted Comey to go and POTUS has the right & authority to do so!  #FakeNewsSenatorCasey
Pretty sure you must be a Democrat
Trump will be the president for the next 8 years. #TrumpRussia hoax is a total nonsense and your dwelling on this is pointless.
what ever you have to do, impeach this bastard
Keep the mad man @realDonaldTrump in Saudi Arabia. They'll sort him out.
Much worse!!
I think we are well beyond Nixonian. From this point forward, it's all Trumpian.
I'm sure even tricky dick would be offended by the likes of this orange shite demon. #Impeach45
Talk about projection.
Who's the nut job?!!! I hope Mr Comey skins him with his testimony coming up soon!
He is an outright criminal. I am sick to my stomach & as a Veteran disgusted with Congress for not handling it as the Constitution allows.
Please stop insulting our fine former President Richard M. Nixon. He had great love for his country. I believe that. Even if he was a jerk
 my fighting Senator!!
Pretty sure PA voted for Trump. Watch yourself Casey. Voters are listening.
Trump barely won PA, same for Toomey. Go Casey! She's right, voters ARE listening. 
2nd place is a 1st place LOSER.
Cute but I'm not sure how that supports your original point that Casey should be careful of voters listening. 
Sir, your comparison is inane. SERVE the people & stop this country-hurting rhetoric. You vowed to SERVE. You're just campaigning. #resign
Well....he is, where's the crime Bob?
Another name...Nut-Job Comey.  Like Lying Ted, Crooked Hillary, Little Marco, Low-Energy Jeb.  I guess we'll be hearing this from now on.
@FBI @CIA
Hey bob 2018
Open mouth. Insert foot. I guess we should consider ourselves lucky he's terminally stupid.
Sure all these stories are nice, but they aren't worth anything if Congress looks the other way and doesn't use the information for a goal
@jmartNYT @nytimes so sick of this whole nightmare
the same time.
Nixon had a triple digit IQ.
I appreciate the honest candor, Senator. 
Really?  People in the Democrat party said things that were even worse about Comey...are you people thinking this through before you speak?
After hearing from Comeys supervisor, (Rosenstein), you're gonna sellnthis partisan bullshit, Bob?

That is Un-American
This is *not* Nixonian! If Nixon had behaved like this Woodward and Bernstein would be enjoying a retirement of obscurity.
Senator, can you tell me where the keys are so we can lock the current President out of our country? Please? :)
Comey is a corrupt nut job we Trump
If he won't pledge unwavering loyalty to Trump, he's a "nut job".  If loyalty pledged, he'd be a "champion for the American people".
 take your meds and get off the crazy train.
How can the WH keep telling America there is no Collusion IF the President tells Russians OVER his SO CALLED Countrymen @iamfonda @lawrence
Trump is two faced, one month he liked him, now he is making cheap shots about him & throwing him in the lake, Trump can't help himself.
Proud of my senator, thank you sir!
AGREED.
Keeping fighting back. The #truth matters. Pennsylvania is counting on you!
25th amendment or impeachment
Absolute lack of respect...and I am supposed to call him "my president". Not likely.
He is your president.
You nailed it. I'm glad there are people like you in gov't who are still willing to do the hard thing and speak out against tyranny

were democrats not calling for his firing for basically that reason?
No. It was for putting his thumb on the scale during an election. AND there is still a not yet concluded JD investigation that is ongoing.
"putting his thumb on the scale" = being a nut job and not doing what he was supposed to. seems easy to me
Yeah, ok, then. (No)
that makes sense. I give in (no, I don't, this response means nothing)
He answered it on TV this weekend. Anon leaks are not necessary when he is explicitly confessing.
