Since November, Congressional Republicans have tried to fulfill their long-held ideological obsession with repealing the Affordable Care Act
They had a big problem though: the protections put in place by the ACA are popular.
Americans want Congress to work in a bipartisan way to improve our health care, not scheme in private to strip health care away for millions
So stuck between their ideological obsession & the will of the American people, Congressional Republicans have chosen to charge forward.
They have a strategy: confuse. deliberately mislead. lie.
We’ve heard it all: “health care for everyone” “no one will lose Medicaid” (cc @SecPriceMD)
But here are the facts: in every scheme put forth by Congressional Republicans-
Approximately 20 million people lose coverage, Medicaid is decimated through cuts, older workers pay an age tax and premiums increase.
For weeks, some of my Republican colleagues said they would never vote to move forward on a repeal bill without a replacement.
Well, today they did and, sadly, I am not shocked.
Here's what they're betting on: that they can continue to scheme in secret, behind closed doors, cut deals, bribe Senators with slush funds.
Over the next few days, you’ll see an amendment for a slush fund that Senators will claim helps fight the opioid crisis. It won’t.
People confronting substance abuse don’t need some fund from Washington, they need coverage-
The coverage that they will lose when Medicaid is decimated.
Don’t be fooled, here’s an expert who disproves that a fund is a substitute for coverage. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/22/15854764/senate-health-care-bill-opioids ….
There will be an amendment for a Medicaid slush fund that the @SenateGOP claims will help those who will lose Medicaid coverage.
That's a scam, here’s a study to prove it.
There will be legislative slush funds for specific Senators. These slush funds won’t make health care more affordable.
But they will allow Republicans Senators to blow hot air and tell their constituents they fixed a problem when the opposite is true.
What Senate Republicans are counting on is that you, the American people, get fooled.
We won’t fall for their nonsense, their slush funds, their state specific giveaways, their do-nothing fixes.
This health care scheme will be a wrecking ball for middle-class families, children, seniors and individuals with disabilities.
This obscene bill is fatally flawed, something that hammers the middle class so severely can’t be tweaked.
At the end of the week, my Senate Republican colleagues will have a bottom line decision to make.
Are you going to vote to jack up premiums, cut coverage for millions, impose an age tax on older workers and decimate Medicaid?
They are counting on your confusion, but it's really a simple question.
Are they going to cut care for 20 million and raise premiums for millions more, or are they not?
There are no amount of deliberately misleading statements or slush funds that can change that.
My Senate Republican colleagues will have to choose. Judge them on their choice.
Free market healthcare will create jobs, lowers cost, and provides innovative ideas that our government will never ever provide.
Not at all. Mathematical logic of health insurance demands pool of 100% coverage. Free market decimates coverage options by breaking up pool
The "free market" has resulted in a transactional parasite, the health insurance industry, to come between us and our doctors.
The "free market" assists these parasites in driving up costs and providing sub-optimal care based upon $ and not optimal outcome of patient
The free market is great when it comes to restaurants and fashions, but in basic necessities such as utilities and health, it fails. Bigly.
Exactly- Free markets work when there are consumer choices, but in essence health care is a necessity, and is controlled by insurance co.'s
U can't just change plans when ur sick. You have to buy and hope you don't get too sick
Pease help our hard working middle class. Insurance and prescription cost are robbing us of the American Dream. We are drowning.  HELP!
I wish @robportman would stand and fight like you instead of hiding behind the GOP and refusing to speak to Ohioans. He's an embarrassment.
Meanwhile, @SenToomey is looking for a big enough straw to suck up his slush-ie fund.
I don't know for sure but I bet it involves a hand basket.
Thank you, Senator. You are our voice, always.
What are you voting on?  Does it matter?
Stay strong Sen. Casey!    Signed,  a constituent
I want to know who is this affordable to....who, be specific, Senator, can afford these Obama taxes?
Senate has more Power Than Trump.they Write the Bills .he doesn't.Why does Senate feel beneath http://Trump.One  of the Strongest
Any idea what is in the "bill"?
Thank you for your hard work on behalf of your constituents and the American people. 19073
Goodbye Casey in 2018. Ur not getting it. Quit pandering to Philly.
I'm terrified.
I am for Medicare for all citizens!
I say the GOP should have to have the same insurance they curse us with.
PA hates you.
It will all be ok people!  Don't listen to the scare tactics for Democrats!  Just upset not in power!

We need to recognize that what separates 1st world countries from 3rd world countries it's the social safety net, 1/
Well at least we have one Senator who cares about working class families in PA. Thank you sir.
Medicare 4 All! Bernie 4 President 2018!  Repeal Replace with Love .He will go as far left as Congress allows far War as it demands. America
We are up shit creek with Obamacare and you took away the paddles #dosomethingworthwhile
thanks for this. Best explanation I've read yet. This info needs to get out.
Thank you
Thank you for helping us
Trump and cronies are modern-day carpetbaggers; take advantage of the disenfranchised for votes and then working against their interests.
Thank you and be strong.
What's coming is the END of your ludicrous political career.
Senator how do we educate the public about the Republican proposal? Trump supporters believe it is the greatest thing since, well Trump
Thank you, @SenBobCasey. We are grateful that you are telling it like it is and fighting for us.
If it passes   the government   will kill millions of people and that what some want
Barf barf. Gop is irresponsible and worthless killers of our democracy
Thank you @SenBobCasey
Thank you @SenBobCasey
And you lost again still don't get it people are tired of politicians trying to run our lives while they reap all the benefits
Thank You Sen. Casey! 
My senator @SenBobCasey continues to impress as he rails against this R healthcare debacle. 
We’re about 30 minutes away from our first health care votes so let’s talk about where we are and what’s coming.
@SenBobCasey use my healthcare story to Filibuster...
Hellthcare is where we are at and have been for some time...Single Payer is what should be coming. 
#MedicareForAll
I heart you Senator Casey. You are The Man.
You've cried wolf too many times, no one but die-hard Democrats believe you.
#RepealObamacare 
#LessGovtMoreFreedom
Bad day for Bob!
The Republican Healthcare Bill is legislative malpractice.
Thank you Senator.  Keep fighting.  So will we.
The Republican Healthcare Bill must be defeated .
FIGHT FOR OUR LIVES
FIGHT FOR OUR COUNTRY
#FIGHT
#CountryOverParty
Fight hard for us in PA
The world changes. Just look at our Pres.  What is needed today is a new look by many citizens and they don't want repeal.
Don't give up the fight! #RealPA needs you now more than ever. 19106
We are with you Senator. Keep fighting!
Thank you, Senator. Please let us know practical things we can do to affect outcome.
you guys are still at work? that's great
thank you 4 representing #realPA thank you 4 holding town halls. Thank you 4 listening to us. To @SenToomey, shame on you.
Thank you, Senator, for making that so clear and concise.
Ditch Obamacare
Thank you .@SenBobCasey for protecting my autistic daughter against these fact and conscience-challenged selfish monsters
Hope so!  7 years of promises.
Fight for us please, but I put nothing past the @GOP. They don't give a rats ass about Americans unless they are billionaires

2. TrumpCare not only horrific on its own but has always been indicator future elections won't be free. From May: http://www.marieclaire.com/politics/features/a27056/healthcare-bill-trump-authoritarian-regime/ … 
Please don't let them take away my daughter's healthcare
tell me how a senator falls ill.. goes in hospital.  does not read said bill  because it was still being revised comes out and voted it ?
The same guy who flew in a private jet from AZ, who currently has a brain tumor ((doesn't that make him incompetent ?)) To vote healthcare
it does when  it was still being revise while he was in said hospital. he did not read it., and he has better  health care then YOU SMH
Thank you for getting us up to date and fighting the fight.
How about this @SenBobCasey, do you like #SexSlavery? #HumanTrafficking? Well, @POTUS  does:
Thank you. We all need you to be tough as nails.
Thank you Senator! At least one Pennsylvania Senator is showing true leadership! @SenToomey should be ashamed of himself!
Absolutely agreed Toomey is shameful
Give them hell!
Women's healthcare, Prenatal and well baby
Thank you Senator Casey. Do whatever you can to stop this assault.fight for us please
Keep up the fight for us...we need all Americans to have health care...please don't allow it to be only for the rich
Fight on! No quitting, no surrender! We will prevail this day!
So explain why you lost control of both houses and presidency over the ACA? And the will of the people is to keep ACA?
Thank you, @SenBobCasey.
#TheResistance     THREAD!!!      
Today @SenJohnMcCain decided to stop being a hero.
No respect for a man whose ins surgery & plane ride paid by constituents then votes against them #NoRespectJohnMcCain
Thank you for continuing to fight this and to put out the #truth. Please keep up the work for your constituents and for all Americans.
There are a lot of people counting on you guys. Let's do this!
speak loudly and carry a BIG stick...OBSTRUCT AS MUCH AS YOU CAN...give them a taste of their own medicine...TU
Might as well
What do we have to do for the GOP to realize we want obamacare fixed not repealed!
Vote out every republican
Yeah. They know we don't want this fucking travesty. They don't care.
Russians?  What about Awans!?
filibuster via amendment!

Brad the Bot .
Funny, you don't seem like a genius yourself.
Did I claim to be? Funny I don't recall that I did. Back at ya.
Cindy, I was talking to Brad who called you or someone a dem tard.
My brilliance is showing.
Hahahaha. I should have specified I was talking to the bot.
Republicans are dismissing our entire history of rule of law.
Do me proud Senator!
Yes, why have we not heard more about the option of stalling it indefinitely via amendments?
Filibuster, filibuster, filibuster. They love to call you obstructionists, may as well obstruct.
They can't filibuster on this. These bills are under Budget Reconciliation, hence only need simple majority.
There is a way around it: filibuster by amendment
McConnell can rule the amendments dilatory and cut them off.

I agree they should try. 40k amendments would run out until 2019.
Let's talk abt how Dems are preaching to the choir. Talk to your GOP colleagues get them to do the right thing. You can tweet abt it later.
Wishing US good luck and hoping that the Republicans will not sign it like @SenJohnMcCain . Let's hope the debate creates common sense. 
McCain voted yay on this. He has no morals and no conscience.
#FuckMcCain #FuckGOP

I find it ironic that the first rule of medicine is to do no harm.But harm seems to be the first intent of The GOP regarding Health.Say That
#TaxCut4theSuperRichVote at the expense of everyone else is a more honest description...
Please filibuster via amendment
What's in this vote
Fight them Senator!!!
What page are they on approximately ?
