Thanks. #ScottPruitt doesn't belong at the #EPA.
thank you Senator Casey!
I am so thankful for you @SenBobCasey  I hope you run for Governor. I loved your dad and I love you
Haven't you heard the saying that every senator looks in the mirror every morning and says "Good Morning Mr. President"?
Ha!
@NiceChess757 Thank You!
wow you really do not like the farmers that grow your food do you. Politicians are like welfare recipients in for generations.
,@calhoon1169 @SenBobCasey Do farmers prefer contaminated water for crops?
but spend some time with farmers and find out. I forgot close minded liberal.
I'm not at all close minded. But you're name calling is fun. Why don't you respond thoughtfully instead of mean?
I did apartments you did not read the whole tweet
please try to push his conf vote until emails are released.  Also contacted Toomey but we all know he doesn't listed to voters
I can't sleep so I'll tweet. Any chance the vote can be delayed so his emails that are being sent can be seen on Tues.?
Thank you for voting against this nominee.
That's a good Nazi. Keep those people controlling regulations in place for as long as you can.
The republican senator from Pennsylvania will be punished for voting for Pruitt.
Thank you for your vote in the right direction.
thank you for voting no and trying to stop #pollutingPruitt
Yes!!!
SHOCKING! You find a reason to vote against all of them. Try looking for something positive. Your negativity is unbecoming
yeah you're right- no one in PA wants clean air and water! 
Thank you, Senator.
thank you
Thank You Senator for protecting Pa issues. And please don't stop.
Thank you, Senator.
thank YOU Senator Casey!!!!
please, whatever Republicans propose vote against. The majority of that party ignores the people they were elected to represenf
so tired of democrats being butt hurt over the election
Good.
thank you Senator
thank you senator for supporting the environment
what else is new stop with the party politics. You really need to stop you are out of touch.
@EPA needs reorganizing.... out of Control @ScottPruittOK excellent choice
Bob is selling fear.
thank you Senator. My son fishes a ton of streams and rivers in PA- we need clean water!!
Last stories we saw said he had shifted position on the. Is he back at it
Thank you Senator. Will you be investigating the contacts between Russia and the current administration?
oil and gas provide jobs heat hon
Thank you, Senator. 
protect the bay before a russian submarine gets in there
@stateofemotions
THANK YOU for being a voice of sanity & reason in the DC darkness.
thank you so much for representing my interests!
Thank you, Senator Casey, for listening to and protecting your constituents.
Thanks for standing strong, Senator! We're counting on you!
Thank-you Senator! At least we have 1 out of 2 PA senators who care about the environment.
Bob casey should not be re-elected. He has no mind, only the democrats who pull his strings.
Thank you, Senator Casey.
really,like we all want to live in polluted waters?EPA is tyrannical govt agency that needs reduced in size & power,ask farmers
thanks again for voting for the interests of your constituents!
thank you, Senator!
why would u stick your nose in MD. buisness. Harrisbug & lancaster county r filling the rivers with top soil.
I hope our other senator @SenToomey will not just rubber stamp Scott Pruit like he did with DeVos and Sessions
Thank you!!!!!
LIE!!!! Pruitt will help DEP's efforts; he won't go after agriculture as EPA wants to do
Thank you!
Play time is over- you lose again. Obstructionist Dems should be ashamed . You're out in 2 years
Keep up ur record. Just vote go home. PA needs a real Senator.
this garbage casey u know it is all politics--- u & yours got the power & are not giving up
Bob Casey is not the man for Pa.   He is & always will be Obama`s man.
Thank you, Senator, for not voting for Pruitt!!
Thank God
you vote against everything
This most important issue to me right now as a Citizen is RUSSIA.
Thank you...see what you can do with Toomey.
Thank you!
Thank you Sir!!!
Also very happy we have at least one senator standing up for his constituents. Thank you from central PA!
thank you for protecting my childhood playground
thank you Sen Casey. I wish @SenToomey would understand the ramifications of having Pruitt lead the EPA.
thank you!
thank you Senator!
WATER: critical for all of us, even the billionaires. Don't they understand this?
Thank you! Proud to be able to say you're my Senator. #resist
What specifically?
thank you Senator
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you.
