Russian influence just made up story.trump ran a better campaign. Hillary does not even like comey..she would of fired him 2
Yes, thank you Senator, don't give up on this! Shut down the Senate, make this happen!
Senator you are doing good work
Thank you @SenBobCasey for pushing for appointment of a special counsel.  Please convince @SenToomey to do the same!
Typical Democratic response.
@SenToomey - take notes. This is how you represent PA, not to mention that whole "support and defend the Constitution" thing you swore to do
Special Prosecutor: 
Sally Yates 
Preet Bharara 
James Comey
You're a good dude,  Bob. The best this state has to offer. Keep up the good work.
Press on!
#yes #SpecialProsecutor #SpecialCounsel
Oh yeah, let's keep wasting time and money. How come there was no investigation opened about Clinton and Russia?
Where were you in Special Prosecutors for Clinton Scandals?
Nothing, not even Watergate compares to this.
Who made you chief prosecutor?
The better question is who made me a patriot? A president who doesn't respect or defend the constitution is not a president, he is an ass.
Prove he's not
Take the blinders off
Yes, yes, yes!!!
So they can waste more tax dollars, how about you do something positive for us in Pennsylvania Bobby
Thank you for your courage! I commit to your reelection, Sen Casey! @SenToomey @SenSchumer
TRUMP WHAT ARE HIDING WE THE PEOPLE WANT THE TRUTH ABOUT YOUR TAX RETURNS
AND SIR that is why we elect congress to be the OVERSIGHT.  DRAIN THE SWAMP !
as usual democrats think the law is only for the other guy democrats is like watching cartoons on a Saturday morning
Thank you! Called @SenToomey as soon as I heard Comey fired. We need answers RE hacking of elections. Why isn't it everyone's TOP priority?
He won't !
#IndependentInvestigation I've been writing/calling so much to Toomey, have not had time to call you. Will call soon to update...
Amen
thank you for standing up for us! @SenToomey, ready to stand up for Pennsylvanians yet? #IndependentInvestigation #RussiaTrump
Thank you Senator Casey.. please keep up the fight for justice.. we appreciate all you do for our country and state!
Thank you senator Casey
2018 DRAIN THE SWAMP ! ! !
You are on the right side of history. PA proud of our senator 
Stand strong for an independent investigation. The fate of the nation depends on it. TY.
@GLSCHWALL 
How ignorant can you get?
His hesitation is a deffensive reaction to being manipulated to speak to Trump & put in writting what was disrespectfully used to fire Comey
I think it's time president trump run the country and don't let the disruptive lying corrupt Dems dictate his policy
still following the crowed Bobby?? Break out become your own man. You're just one more scion who fails to measure up.....
DOJ should appoint
Agreed.
Thank you sir for your patriotism!
Wasn't he a Hillary supporter? Didn't his wife get money from Terry McA? Not very objective.
Lead the way, @SenBobCasey!  Pennsylvania is proud of you!  See if you can talk some sense into @SenToomey and the reasonable Republicans
You are correct; however, it seems moral fortitude is not shared by all or placed above political party. U.S. Interests must be #1 v Trump's
Blah blah blah! My God one minute you all want him fired then @POTUS @realDonaldTrump fires him and you're upset.
You're a party hack and hopefully will loose in your run for reelection
Remember when lying about a consensual blow job warranted a special prosecutor? Sigh. Those quaint, halcyon days.
Go gettum Bob!
Do not let him choose who. You choose we the people feel better
Thanks sen  Casey. Always looking out for us here in PA. And USA
Yeah, like that's going to happen. He's in on this.
Mitch McConnell says no. The citizens of this beleaguered nation say Special Prosecutor, independent investigation NOW!
yay for Senator Casey! It's nice to know you always have the backs of the people :-) thanks for being you and doing what you do
Where the cries of a SP when Hillary was lying about Benghazi and her private email server??
Not gonna happen.
The real meat would be in a Russia/Obama, Hillary investigation.
I stand with u all the way 2 the bitter end Senator Casey and I say it's time 2 step up ur game and get meaner & tougher than ever 
He won't. I hate being negative but there's no one in the executive branch or in the GOP congress who will do the right thing.
Could we count on Rosenstein-- who acted as Trump's tool-- to appoint someone well qualified and fair-minded? I wonder.
Doubt it. Apparently rosenstein left his scruples somewhere in Maryland.
Yup.  This administration is a superb illustration of that old adage: "power corrupts".
There's NO EVIDENCE of #trumprussia, if and when there is evidence then and only then should a special prosecutor be appointed
I've heard it reported that Comey was seeking additional funding for Russian investigation, this needs to happen,pls look into @SenBobCasey
Thank you! Keep the pressure on!
Thx for standing up for America and what's right, we'll take action too
Keep up the good work @SenBobCasey ! #keepfighting #Indivisible #indivisiblenorthamptoncounty @IndivisibleTeam
Dems need to be willing to say no votes/no movement in congress until a truly independent investigation established.
.@SenBobCasey Yes. How can citizens fight best for this?
THANK YOU. You are  the only TRUE PA senator
Totally grateful for @SenBobCasey.  Thank you!
Boobie the FBI will continue to investigate the case with or without Comey get over yourself
Senator Casey, as your constituent, thank you. Can you please get Senator Toomey to use some common sense as well? #IndependentInvestigation
Yes and with Comey gone we need to hold HRC Accountable. This has obviously been a coverup at the highest levels.
Yes please
Yes, he must!
Yes--we're counting on your pressure to protect our republic.
Thank you, Senator.
The boy who cried wolf.
KON...KONTROL..KILL._)
Bob, we need new representatives for us in PA. Please consider resignation. Thank you
you idiot,there's a Dem hack in charge of the FBI now,he'll do fine carrying on with the decline of justice in the department
Americans should call the Justice Department hotline to leave a message to demand special prosecutor.
No one better for that job than Yates.
I couldn't agree more.
YES!  Called you today and said as much!
Do it! Lay across the road but get it done. You keep stating the obvious. Do something. Do nothing else but that something. Stop talking. Do
Trying to be relevant because you're up for re election.  i didnt hear you asking fir an independent investigator for Clinton emails
Senator Casey thank you for your service and grace.  We need you more than ever #SaveMedicaid or I will be in a facility. #DisabledMom  
After months of investigations no link, so why continue?   Does congress lack work to do?
Thanks Bob Casey for speaking truth!!
You are appealing to cries to the people least likely to show at a midterm.
Proud of our Senator
Arrogant Comey was a rogue agent. Enough of unelected officials destroying this country. Drain the swamp. Casey out next year
Thank you @SenBobCasey for speaking out against this corrupt administration. #RealPA
I'm confused. Do you want Comey fired or not? I believe you called for his resignation or firing after he "interfered" with the election.
You have been hitting it out of the ballpark @SenBobCasey. Please continue to speak truth to power. Pennsylvanians need/support you
#notall
Thank you, Senator!
This is my hardworking Senator. A little on the conservative side but votes progressive. I have a lot of respect for him.
You cannot left Trump get away with this. He must be investigated fully.
You Senator Casey will never have my vote!  Women from Pennsylvania.
He stinks!

The more you speak, the worse you are.
Casey you're out next year
No way not now. He is sooooo in.
Keep Pushing! Thank you.
Thank you senator I'm glad you're my senator if we could now do something with the Russia sympathizer toomey we could have an impact.
We need to get to the bottom of this now, before irreparable damage is done to this nation!  Trump is starting to stink of COVER-UP!
thank you. How could GOP not see what this is?! Is GOP being blackmailed by trump!
Thank you Senator Casey. Imperative that a special counsel be appointed immediately!
Thank you Senator Casey for demanding that the investigation move forward.
Will you refuse to accept/vote on any nominees for FBI Director until a Special Prosecutor is named?
Sen Casey, I'm your constituent & I'm genuinely scared this will get covered up. Our democracy is suffering. Please continue standing up.
yes yes yes yes yes!
I'm so grateful your my senator. Keep pushing
Yes Senator!
http://www.washingtonpost.com.ln.is/mSuy2  @State_IO @GOPLeader @joncoopertweets @JuddLegum @brianefallon @MaxBoot @nytimes @postpolitics @POTUS44 @SenTedCruz
Yes yes yes! This is just cartoonishly corrupt.
Thank you for standing up to independence and country above party.
Thank you- please insist this person be truly independent, like special prosecutors before the law expired in 1999
Very well said! Than you Senator!  Now i will turn my attention to @SenToomey!
This constituent is thrilled to hear it. 15206
Thank you! Please don't stop fighting for our democracy
Thank u senator. Is @SenToomey still MIA? We want 2 hear his take on this.
Thank you Senator, where is Kennith Starr????
I"m going to congress soon to testify. President Obama order investigation why some people used my identity to meet him in the WhiteHouse.
@JoeNBC and Mika actually take stock of one the most least credible senators. His twitter feed is kid stuff. Tit for tat. Like most Dems.
And I am one of your constituents and proud to say so, not so much Toomey's though, but you sir, makes me proud. #resist
you'e on fire, and so hot…. Keep it up!
Thank you sir for expressing so eloquently your's and our concerns over this matter. Please keep pushing and supporting a special prosecutor
Please continue to be vocal and resolute.  We need you now more than ever.

-a proud constituent
There hasn't been one shred of evidence presented in 6 months against Trump or his campaign. U aholes use this to raise funds. Ur out in '18
Yes. Now
There is no there, there. No special counsel necessary
Thank you! This must be a swift, tight process. My bet is on Trump already covering his bases in case he's indicted.
Thank you @SenBobCasey we're counting on you to uphold our country's integrity #TrumpRussia #IndependentInvestigationNow
Keep up the pressure, Sen Casey. Thank you for your service.
Sounds like the gang across the aisle won't be doing squat. But glad you're pushing for us
Thank you Senator!  Keep pushing for this!
JUST GET "SUSAN RICE" TO GIVE US THE EVIDENCE @nbcnews
You continue to make me proud to have voted for you, sir. Keep up the good work!
Thank you, Senator Casey. Would you please talk to @SenToomey ?
Keep pressuring Senator. I call Toomey everyday.
Thank-you Senator Casey! Stay on it!
Thank you!
What do we want? Justice! When do we want it? NOW. And if we don't get it? Shut it down! And if we don't get it? SHUT. IT. DOWN.
Really Sen. Casey? During the Obama and Clinton scandals no one bothered to mention special counsel making you seem purely political.
Thank you Senator. Please shut everything down until this is resolved.
Thank you!   I am not on the trump train, please, please investigate what is going on.
Anyone still riding the Trump train is completely stupid.
Oh really Bob. Don't remember electing you President. Who put you in charge.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey.
why didn't u demand a special council to investigate Killary's  email scandal ??
Thank you Senator
Shouldn't we include the Russia/Clinton found in the invest too?
Or email scandall
Or Susan rice unmasking 
Or Clapper perjury
An investigation from which his boss, had to recuse himself. No way he will do this, unless he has the courage to risk his job.
Thank you, Senator Casey. Can you talk some sense into @SenToomey
thank you, Senator, for supporting this
i called he's office yesterday
Thank you!!!!  Yes!!!
Please persuade Toomey to do the right thing. Not getting my hopes up, but worth a try.
#trumpTraitors #gopcoverup #gopGUILT #ToomeyLovesPutin
He won't.  He rubber stamped the letter firing Comey.
The only way for us to stop this is to flood the streets, in every city and every town every weekend until a special prosecutor is appointed
Riots are so much more efficient than Democracy. Where were you in 1776?
No, they aren't.  That's why it's peaceful protests and not violent ones that are our rights.  

So take your criminal ideas and shove them
