The lack of response from @realDonaldTrump on General Flynn allegations has been more troubling.
The American people deserve to know: Did General Flynn discuss U.S. sanctions with Russian ambassador pre-inauguration or not?
If Gen Flynn discussed sanctions with Russia pre-inauguration, was it authorized by anyone in the Trump Admin?
Russia has committed war crimes in Syria, invaded Ukraine & meddled in U.S. election, @realDonaldTrump should not entertain sanctions relief
Did any of Hillarys donors commit war crimes ?

I'm pointing out the hypocrisy!
Sen Casey never showed any concerns for same issues in expObama
troubled? How about about OUTRAGED!
Did u have trouble with Bill Clinton talking with Lorettalynch on tarmac?
Did u have trouble with$150B Iran deal?
Just curious
and they aren't going to fire him!
This is madness. Do something, or tell us what we can do, because I can't take this anymore
Were you troubled with Crooked Hillarys scandals? You are pathetic
please support our President who carried your state. Avoid just mouthing the D party line.
poss off
your troubled by anything that isn't Obama. What a joke.
You should be more than troubled.
why? He was going to head the NSA sounds like common sense to me
That is not least of our troubles, I suspect. We want a full investigation and Kissinger style lawn photos after impeachment.
Were you troubled by President Bill Clinton meeting with AG Lynch in airplane?
Christ Bob we all know he did it, he basically admits it. You have to dig deeper than Flynn to do anything of value because ...
... because Flynn's replacement would be just another conduit to Putin. Follow the Money Bob ...
Bob is already sitting on the money.
Please push for a full investigation. Don't let this go away.
before the •election•!!! "Troubled" should be an understatement!
You should be more disturbed by treasonous acts of people who's trying to tear apart this country. Left fascists liberals n co.
Gen. Flynn did the right thing today--resigned.  Perhaps you should, too!
isn't that treason ?
yes you are troubled
What did @POTUS know, and when did he know it? #treason
.@SenBobCasey I urge you to go down the rabbit hole he's a Patsy! #ImpeachTrump
Please demand an investigation. Trump and Pence are complicit. #Impeachhimalready
@DickyHoey: @SenTomCotton Flynn a national security risk, Russia stooge, yet no objections by senate? You guys doing your jobs?
please launch an investigation of 45s ties to Russia - a constituent
u really think the Dems are gonna nominate u to run for POTUS in 2020 don't ya bob bob bob
- You're being vanilla again...raise HELL! And find that pissant Toomey!
I'm troubled that Trump and possibly Pence KNEW about Putin-gate. The dominoes are starting to fall. Stay on this
I'm sure @POTUS @POTUS is just as troubled.
it's good someone is focusing on big picture.
one down, more to come
Were you troubled when Obama told the Russians he would have more flexibility after his election. HYPOCRITES
Will you call for an independent investigation? We all know @SenToomey won't!
is @jasoninthehouse going to DO HIS JOB & Investigate Michael Flynn & Trump admin? They all Knew BEFORE election #LOCKHIMUP
How did you feel about Bengazi and all the lies told about a muslim film? I don't remember your outrage? #redstate #2018
then go find your safe space Bob
He resigned..send the cops to pick him up before he leaves the country!
Well are you going to find the smoking gun? What will you do when you get it. This tweet is a mere #showerthought.
@HelpThe99ers so do something.
he was not in government, he had orders, he was just a citizen, treason! And ordered by trump before he was in office.. IMPEACH
@SpeakerRyan @SenJohnMcCain @NancyPelosi Mr Speaker Sir? What's your next Move or Are You Still AFRAID OF 45? #Putinspuppet

Thank you. I am one of your constituents and this has me very worried. The lax security also bothers me.
@Lee_in_Iowa who knows how deep it is. Flynn son might be involved also. Dig deeper. Putins puppets are everywhere
I aI'm loosing sleep over watching my country being literally blackmailed by Russia! Help Us!
so do something about it. We have taken to the streets to express our voice now we need to take it the floor.
Very troubling.  Investigate, investigate!  They are all crooked!
.@SenBobCasey Please! All of the Russian connections need to be investigated- otherwise our democracy means nothing and Putin will do again!
This isn't business as usual.
Senator,  I hope you are troubled by a lot more than just this from this junta.  Resist.
you should be
@Leta_says troubled? Be way more than just TROUBLED!
Please stop being troubled and TAKE ACTION, sir!
investigate
you're not the only one!
DJT believes we are all stupid and has said as much. We can all see through this con, maybe the biggest in history
Please push major investigation. What do you need us to do to help?
me too.so what are you going to do about it?
We need an independent investigation that reaches throughout the WH.
@marycmccormack he always bothered me when I was an officer in the DIA
As am I. Too bad @SenToomey doesn't show an equal level of concern and respect for what your shared constituents are thinking.
We're all troubled, but you're in a position to do something about it. It's long past time to get started, wouldn't you say?
This is a bipartisan issue. Democrats and Republicans can disagree through eternity. Involving a foreign government is treason.
@Lee_in_Iowa please be more than troubled, this is so serious!
take action, please!
Thank you! @SenBobCasey
Then do something!!
Please do something about it!! Flynn is just the barnacles on this dirty ship. Something stinks in the WH & it starts at top.
This goes beyond troubling.
Sir the National Security Adviser Michael Flynn must be investigated and charged for violating the Logan Act!
I am troubled that these RETIRED military are referred to by rank. They have civilian positions. Secretary or Mr. is correct
Actually, many retired military are referred to with their rank. All three are correct. Carry on
I appreciate that someone is representing our concerns in DC. Please do all you can and know that we are on your side.
Do something!
Get Flynn out!
I'm troubled too. Please make sure this is thoroughly investigated by an independent panel.
where do you plan on findyan independent panel? Nothing is independent in DC
@PaulBegala now you're concerned?   Get the god damned GOP concerned
You havent been troubled by Trump using a cell phone light for his whole table to view N Korean documents??
expose them and see them held responsible. Republicans are using Trump and his ego makes this nation vulnerable.
@PaulBegala Please push for an investigation into 
Flynn's and anyone else's visits in Russia pre-election!
Call for an investigation with teeth please! This administration is likely committing treason. Thx - 15217.
Rick Saccone 2018
yes, we all are, and even moreso that Flynn was acting on orders of DJT and N Pelosi is right, WE MUST DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT!!

DO Something about it! @SenBlumenthal @ChrisMurphyCT @DickDurbin @SenWarren @BernieSanders
Then maybe you should DO something about it!
keep the pressure up and the investigations going! Defend our democracy. Thanks Senator!
@PaulBegala INVESTIGATE
I'm more than troubled; I'm outraged & terrified. Please investigate, Senator!
They used to call this Treason.
@PaulBegala troubled? That's it? Just troubled?  JFC
troubled? how about appalled - he has compromised our national credibility and national security in the process
I've been troubled by the multiple members of Trump admin that seem have ties to Putin and Russia.
@marycmccormack troubled by crimes against our country??  Wow thanks for that!
@marycmccormack "Troubled". Yeah pick another descriptor please so we know you actually give a damn about the administration
I agree! What are you going to DO about it ?
@Lee_in_Iowa We need an independepent investigation of Trump's Russia ties to begin to restore confidence in our institutions.
what are you going to do about that?
, there's also the non- secure call in crowded rm. in Fl.re: N. Kor. & photo with " football" guy/ face not blurred/ I saw it!
How about PRIOR to the election "only one in a series of contacts between the two men that began before the election" @nytimes
Given Russia's know interference in the Election - how can we dismiss Flynn's involvement?  And he lied about it.
cut the crap with u r phony concerns .
@PaulBegala No kidding.
@Lee_in_Iowa and not that Trump had Putin friend at Club ,took NKcall in public with classified papers or he's got Nazis in WH?
didn't congress just ask every nominee all kinds of important secret sensitive things on nat'l tv?
so troubled that you might actually do something about it?? Grow a set.
@Lee_in_Iowa troubled? We, the people, are way ahead of you, we passed troubled in October.
I hope you're troubled enough to investigate it
Then please do something!
Troubled? Not strong enough... the hypocrisy after a mud-slinging election is not going unnoticed. Action, not words Sir...
We're very troubled as well about Flynn & members of @realDonaldTrump's admin & campaign ties to Putin & thr apparent collusion
lock him up. (After due process.)
get on it Senator , it is your job
@PaulBegala but will you do anything besides tweet about it?
With all due respect, it is not enough to be "troubled". Please take action. Investigate.
So, what are you going to do about it? Please do not sit on yr hands while Flynn & Trump make this Nazi Germany. DO YOUR JOB!!
@PaulBegala 
Pssssst...he's a Russian spy.
you should be even more troubled that President Trump hasn't commented on the reports at all.
So what do you intend to do about it Senator?
Please help us get answers to these questions.  The country needs to know!
....with the phone call encrypted.  Why would he have that conversation encrypted?  Just asking....Where the bell is Congress?
@PaulBegala Then stop talking and fucking DO SOMETHING! #PutinWhiteHouse #ImpeachmentNow #StopPresidentBannon #SpicerLies
Theres an update to that senator. Trump is ok with it.
@PaulBegala What about the treason? That bother you at all, Senator E-Mails?
@PaulBegala Senator, google 'Moby'. And not for the trance music.
No reports...FACTS !!!
You're my senator, Mr. Casey. Please do the right thing.
I don't want to hear what you think, I want to hear exactly what you're doing to stop it.
Do you understand what teamwork is with those across the aisle? Guess not!  You put us in jeopardy as a nation.
"troubled?" It made my stomach turn. You and your colleagues sit around while our entire nation loses all credibility.
@CHCmobile with good reason. Stand up for our democracy or you're #complicit.  #SaveOurCountry #SaveDemocracy #WeSeeYou
Stay on it Senator! STAY ON IT!!
Establishment hates Flynn & that makes me love him like Trump & the rest of his crew. Dems Alinsky tactics failing everyday
there you go fear mongering again
Russia trump connection is something big! Look!!!
well do something!!!
You're troubled? I'm scared shitless. Get on my level, Senator.
it's more than troubling, sir. It's time to act.
Putin might have an opening for Flynn
Its ok now Senator. @realDonaldTrump has forgiven him, per @KellyannePolls. All anybody in this country can say is, WTF..
we're all troubled that you're our senator, changes in 2018,PA the new Red state
We are all troubled by this and fully support a Senate investigation.
Two words senator: Fake News. Don't you have more important things to do? #DoYourJob & take a chill pill.
you wish it was fake news.  Flynn' resignation letter in his own words show he did not act alone on this  Much more to come!
@cyw07 Then DO SOMETHING
So what happens? Are there no repercussions becuz Trump backed him? So every ethic violation gets a just a slap on the wrist??
Many of us are. I hope you, your colleagues, as well as media, will keep focus on this.
only "troubled' How about furious, disgusted, frightened, flabbergasted?
@NikkiMarieLG Troubled Senator? I would be shocked, alarmed and calling for Flynn's immediate ouster. Now!
maybe @jasoninthehouse should investigate? How do we put the pressure on the house oversight committee?
Us, too! And Nunes on transition team. #FireFlynn
POTUS & staff's total disregard for sensitive security info while at MarALago this wkend also very troubling. What can we do?
Perhaps you can get HRC to investigate. I hear she's an expert on it
Flynn troubles all loyal Americans. Revoke his clearance. Fire him. Put him on trial 4 treason. PLEASE.
I've  been deeply troubled that you and wolf are destroying hard working Pennsylvanians ever since you were elected.Get with it
Then DO SOMETHING about it! @SenBobCasey
Evidently, he told Pence he was sorry. Isn't that how it works? Pence looks like a fool...gets his agenda through for doing so.
fake. transcripts already out.  another red herring
I am sure Flynn and the rest of them have been discussing sanctions with Russia for years...
troubled is putting it lightly. He has to go. Investigate all ties to Russia. Election tampering is fact and an enemy attack
Sorry, Senator, but under this republican admin we need to be more than troubled. What will be done? This admin is #disaster.
oh well fire his backside the ppl said not to confirm him but yet he gets confirmed These ppl are so scared of Trump
Senator Casey are all these people getting away with it including Conway? Thank you
Sen Casey was Flynn alone in this?  Did he receive orders to do this?  Much to investigate
there needs to be an investigation.
You've been troubled? I was astounded!
Please tell me you are going to do something about it.
@KellyannePolls just said Flynn has full confidence of the @POTUS. I have no confidence in him or the Trump administration.
this is not normal.
agreed.  You know that @realDonaldTrump and his associates are immoral liars that are putting the US and the world at risk.
hope you're also concerned regarding the President's cavalier way of discussing an international incident over Hors d'oeuvres.
But are NOT troubled by POTUS being a 'pussy grabber', conman, thief, or breaking Constitutional laws?
Troubled?  Troubled?  I'm scared shit!
.@SenBobCasey please review recall rules. PA gave a blank check to #Toomey for 6 years & he won't face constituents. #PaSenate #DoYourJob
Toomey, we wont forget.
We are too! Who can bring an investigation? Do the Republicans want to cover for him over this? They need to preserve democracy
get all democrats on steps of capital with MSM and tell the world that. @GOP is obstructing an independent investigation.
me too.
then do something about it God Damn it. The entire world knows that Flynn is a traitor. The gov is broken
Senator, I'm European and I'm troubled. You guys need to wake up. There's No America, just 1 PLANET!111
one planet? no america?
Nuclear fallout does not respect nations' borders.
and clearly the left doest respect borders either
what does that even mean? Is this relevant? Jesus you trolls are ridiculous
From a soft spoken guy like you Bob that's like me saying, "WTF! Why does Flynn still have security clearance & f*ck!ng a job?"
remember Obama telling Russian dip after the election I'll have more room to maneuver- paraphrasing that you were ok with
Yes. We all have. We have all also been troubled by Trump's deep ties to Putin and Russia.

Start with POTUS.
Millions of us are similarly "troubled," Senator. I am troubled the way I was two seconds before my first big car crash.
But he apologized to Pence for not recalling if he'd discussed them or not!
Senator, its highly unlikey that Flynn acted alone on this...PLEASE INVESTIGATE!!!!
Or at least join with other Dems to call for an investigation.
desperate measures for desperate libs
you and me both pal
