I'm 10 weeks pregnant and buy my insurance off the exchange bc my office doesn't cover. I'm worried I'll lose it if this passes.
The only thing you'll lose is the cost. PA will lose money from Medicaid/Medicare. The money will go to Rep states
What? You're insane if you think lots of states won't drop maternity benefits in a hot second. The vast majority didn't have them pre-ACA.
(1)States? What are you talking about, it's the insurers who provide maternity benefits. I've never worked
(2) for a company who didn't provide maternity benefits and I've had some crappy jobs. You'll be covered
Right but ACA rules that she is concenvred about apply to individual market, which this lady buys from 1/
2/age...there are 10 absolutes, maternity is one of them. Listen,no offense, but I'm sick of arguing. Bye
Like you know what you're talking about....maybe rethink your attitude towards others.
Speak for youself
No decency in the GOP
The entrenched bureaucrats only looking to expand their fiefdoms VA is a failure at medical care a federal single payer plan will be worse
I use the VA and they are great. Go kiss Putin's boots.
VA huge waiting lists shitty service and crappy docs. Plus they been caught covering up problems if VA is so great lets make congress use it
Kevin, you are just wrong. Myself and several of my other buddies get great care. You are either misinformed or a coomie.
Have you been up to the Coatesville VA? I think not.
I have been there many times and as a fire and ems volunteer spent many hours dealing with their deficiencies.
They also get mostly good reviews.
Everyday when I read the news, there's another reason to long for the fictional world of President Bartlet. #TWWW #BartletsArmy

they're doing at a time when Americans r storm fatigued. Harvey, Irma, Maria, Jose & wildfires etc sneaky bastards know people r distracted
Right, they should have pushed one through at midnight with no dem support, sound familiar
No, GOP had a chance to work with Dems but turned it down
ACA was a GOP plan but they opposed everything Obama tried to do.
It was a Heritage plan and Dems do what they always do, add their goodies and vote with no bipartisan support
If you recall GOP leadership decided to oppose everything and block everything Obama tried to do. GOP put party first again.
you're not hearing me, both parties equal one party...the ACA killed the middle class, or what was left of it
#SinglePayer Health care, not insurance, for everyone when we need it.  Cheaper and universal.
Seems to be their theme.....
When your Democratic senator doesn't support #MedicareForAll .....
Thought that Bannon TCB
I enjoy that even my senator is so tired of this game that he has resorted to memes.
To think this could have been worked out & fixed if they just fixed the glitches w what's there.@SenateGOP just want to win 2 hurt.Devilish
So, you didn't think that the ACA was extreme when you idiots pushed that one thru without Republican support?
The American people rejected Obamacare and Hillary Clinton. They reject you too.
#Sorry #SortOf #Healthcare #GrahamCassidy #DACA #HR620 #Resist
If it passes file a bill to refund SS/Medicare $ to those who will die before we can collect because our insurance was canceled #micropoetry
Sorry - but the ACA has destroyed health care for my family 2200 per month with 12k out of pocket - no thanks!  This must change!
Medicaid cuts are absolutely unacceptable & Congress should agree. They cannot cut funds to the disabled & elderly at poverty level already.
Senator Casey, why did you just vote to dump $700b into the military?
exactly.  We need you to keep fighting this
Sen. Casey, please continue to fight against this insanity!
Or when the DNC shoves a shitfire of a healthcare legislation known as Obamacare down the throats of Americans
Fighting every day for the citizens of PA and the country, and funny too. You go @SenBobCasey
How about when your Senior Senator does not publicly support Single Payer?
Fix ACA.
Just like You can keep your Doctor...Keep your Plan!!!
You're perpetuating a system that's  too easy to abuse without penalty!!!!!!!!
Ditto: when folks insist on #purity and now we all have to deal with this shit
A GIF using Senator is alright by me!
Jed I feel like that everyday.  I mean it has reached the point where what else is there to do.
THIS!What in the world don't they understand?Get their heads out of their A$$ES!My severely disabled son's life matters!Filled with fear!
I wish you the best.
The only healthcare bill the American people have consistently rejected is the crap sandwich you all passed without one republican vote!
We need to repeal your illegal Obamacare Subsidy.
The GOPs hatred for their countries people is truly staggering.
Senator please explain to your constituents that all this bill does is remove health care  insurance control from the Feds to the states.
Agree with statement. What's wrong with just improving the mistakes in ACA?
#Liar!
Sen Casey.what are your plans for healthcare?
It looks more like the reaction of every patriotic American when you fucktards still won't repeal and replace ACA or enforce immigration law
Get behind single payer health care already.
Man I love #WokeBobCasey
Worse, this plan will not cover concussions suffered from excessive head-desking, I'm sure.
I feel exactly the same way!!!
Maybe the GOP is trying to regain the minority party position?
I hope so.
Me, too!
Why can't we have the same coverage as Congress?We the people pay for your coverage. We've never heard members of Congress complain.Correct?
Under ACA, members of Congress get their health coverage through the DC Health Link ACA exchange: http://www.politico.com/story/2013/09/congress-staff-insurance-dc-exchange-097571 ….
Various of the ACA-reversal attempts by GOP members of Congress have specifically exempted Congress from their effects. Revealing hypocrisy.
Pennsylvania.....the night you lose the election
The analysis when he was a candidate. Plan will cost over $6 trillion less than the current health care system over the next ten years.
O-care is a failure. All anyone asked for was repeal. We certainly aren't going to allow socialized healthcare.
#DefundPP
American people in PA want you to side with them and vote for Medicare for all vs your insurance and pharma donors. Will you?
It's horrible
They DESPERATELY want to kill and harm millions. All for $$. F*ck them in their NECK!!!
Thank you for taking a stand for your constituents. #GrahamCassidyBill is disgrace & GOP should be ashamed for what they're trying to do.
Martin Sheen West Wing episode Gone Quiet?
When the American people see through the fearmongering & lies of Democrats
I know you will do what is right for PA and all Americans. 
Repeal Obama care we can't take it there he busted the American middle-class
Exactly. Vote NO senators!
Please cosponsor the Medicare for all bill. I've lived in several countries with single payer. It's the right way to go. Please.
Bernie's plan will bankrupt and kill the country. Never has the federal government made anything work better by adding its bureaucracy to it
Continuing on as we are will bankrupt and kill the citizens.
No put more competition into the mix and stop approving every insurance companies request for premium increases
414 days Bob
Same. Calling and texting @SenToomey all day.
Are they writing their own epitaph as a party? It sure seems that way. We must push them out in 2018/2020. They've truly lost their minds.
How about now!
Bob, that is what I do when I read your tweets.
Maybe you should cosponsor the Medicare for All bill. 

We can walk and chew gum at the second time. 
Hang in there. We get it, and we are with you. #resist #supportthegoodguys
Awesome job using a West Wing gif! It's really appropriate given the situation.
#ConservativeCare 
Killing Peter to Pay Paul 
Ryans filthy rich donors 
#ConsDontCare
#StopGrahamCassidy
@BillCassidy @LindseyGrahamSC This bill is #congressionalmurder .  How can you sleep knowing your actions will lead to so many deaths....
Which poor intern was tasked with finding that?
YES #GrahamCassidy 
Power back to the states as our country was founded 
#Repeal ObamaCare wealth redistribution plan 
Big Govt out of HC
The GOP doesn't care about America...they've proven it time and time again.I guess they like the ideals of Hitler's world.
When is your next election? Will you fight against federalism on that day too?
414 days
Thank god, then i can finally unscrew all my bookshelves from the wall
We might we rejected the a c a so no party is safe
Tell them to stop trying to repeal health care and get on with regular order: (202) 224-3121
It's not Health Care, it's a Tax...my God, you libs are all alike,  21 taxes to be exact..read the ACA
Please help us
I knowww
