give it time.  You don't think he's telling these corporations to create more jobs with their savings from these tax cuts?
All that will happen is the CEOs and other 1% at the top will bank the cash while the rest of us pay for it.
all that will happen....?  How do you know?  Please come up with something that doesn't say 1%.
When has giving tax breaks to the wealthy done otherwise?  Give examples, please.
You mentioned CEO's.   I don't see what's wrong with CEO's making as much as they can.  If you were a CEO wouldn't you try too?
If they're making so much, why do they need breaks then?  Why not give those breaks to everyone else instead?
I agree with you there.  They don't "need" them.   But why should someone who makes more.  Be taxed more?   They are one person.
Because otherwise it's a pyramid scheme.
yessss!
Thank you! Keep up the good fight!
talking about fake news he is going to lower taxes for business & middle class you are part of the swamp that needs draining
time to move on Senator Casey - Democrats have nothing  but #strawmen
evidently you don't know, employers had ins. You forced them to cut employee hrs due to rising ins costs. Fix it? Get govt out!
To keep what's working in ACA...?? Nothing is working. It is a disaster and it's name is a joke... it is not affordable
. IMPEACH HIM!

@mcall which funding programs that are vital to the middle class are being cut?
Thank you, Senator. Holding the President and his administration accountable is more important than ever before. #Resist
let's also not spend trillions on the military and infrastructure by doing away with needed programs for the middle class
Let's not forget about Russia!
Please continue to fight for us, and let us know how we can help. Thank you.
President Bannon hasn't changed his agenda just because Trump read from teleprompter last night #resist
Yes this is the big takeaway. Not the fact that he calmly read a teleprompter speech written by someone else.
 Thank you for standing up for your constituents!
look forward to a challenger!
the ACA is a failure not only is it expensive I now have coverage for daughters in 10 counties of PA! No where else!
actually he said cutting taxes on businesses and the middle class!
- lots of chatter, no real solutions.  It's up to the Senate & Congress to work together and put us on the right track
i listened to his speech twice.. it was nothing more than a campaign speech.. NO real solutions were presented.. all fluff!
Granddaughter learned in Kindergarten "See with our eyes, listen with our ears" You were listening with your partisan politics.
u won't b missed in 2018.
Trump actually SAID THAT ?  Were we listening to the same speech ?
u got to go away. Repeal and Replace Bob Casey in 2018. He's part of the problem with the swamp. #MAGA #draintheswamp
Continue to stand up for us. You are the only voice we have left in PA against the @GOP agenda. Good work!
yeah, "senator", put this fake crap out there for people who didn't watch. I watched, and this is 100% false! Hypocrite senator
In other words Bob, you will do whatever it takes to get re-elected.
What have you done to MAGA since 1/20/2017 ??
Watch the @POTUS 's Address again and get ready to work. I am sure it will be on you tube.
So thankful to be represented by you!  Please keep being a productive voice in our government.
Thank You
Thank you!
TY Sen Casey for your voice in reality. Nothing new or inspiring from that speech written for him only a rehearsed tone. Sad!
And who is holding you accountable? Get off your high horse. ACA did not work. Obama Care left us w/o options for Insurance.
Damn shame that you are striving to hold onto your millions, Sen. Casey instead of supporting Trump's policy. Dispicable!
You know I'd actually believe you if you had any success.
He deliberately calls ACA Obamacare because his supporters still don't know they are the same thing
Forget about ACA for a minute. School choice. You should be "for" private schools
good response...also he's wasting tax dollars on attacking undocumented immigrants.
#Primary the Dems #2018
The people of PA deserve better than @SenBobCasey - the people in the US deserve better than the @SenateDems #SOTU
There's another bill reagarding med imports coming through that has more Dem support, check it out.
Everyone is out to make a $.  I'm here to keep mine.
if I stayed with ACA in 2017 my premium would have increased 40 percent.   I'm done with ACA.  Keep preexisting conditions.
Pennsylvania citizens spoke loud and clear Nov 8th. Do your job or you'll LOSE your job!
@vistachick79 I think he has declared war on American ppl @funder @billmaher  @nytimes @CNN @latimes @politico @farronbalanced
SERIOUSLY!! Did you watch the same speech? What planet are you Dems living on. I can't wait for May!!!!
Your statement proves why people are getting frustrated with the Dems. I'd like to hear a more progressive answer.
what does a more progressive answer look like?
Elitist, contemptible, pseudo-righteous, intolerant emo RAT beltway PARASITE
Thank you! #pavoter
Senator, he repealed and replaced "The Swamp" with Wall Street billionaires who haven't a clue what middle class lives are like
Do some research on you alt-fact and get back to me.
@SenateDems -Sen. Casey-you won't b reelected in PA. U can relocate 2 gay California!
you did not even listen. He did a Great job. Your just an obstructionist   So sad for you
No Sad for Pennsylvanians.
Did you hear the speech?
stay miserable with your sad bunch.  Dems are becoming the anti-Americans. Put the American people first.
WTH speech were you listening to?  Your analysis is not even close.
no Republican Congress is going to approve $1M on excess budget without huge cuts elsewhere let alone $1T
the problem is he has never had to struggle so he doesn't know how to help middle class Americans.
speak it! I never understood how a man who was given millions had any connection to the working poor of America
You big dummy- you're out in 2 years
Outstanding, optimistic, fact-filled address.  Nothing like the last eight years of lies and pessimism. #MAGA #JointSession
thank you Sen Casey.
PA is not going to reelect an Alt Left senator in 2018,Trump knocked it out of the park you are doomed in a Red state now
Stop acting like a petulant child and do what you were elected to do. If you can't support rebuilding America than move over.
Hopefully, the nightmare of liberalism is coming to an end. It is time that we the people take back control and #MAGA
Thank you Senator Casey for continuing to fight and represent WE THE PEOPLE
Every dime not going to taxes is being put into the economy. The wealthy are just putting their money overseas.
not the speech I just heard Your pre prepared response is weak
You have a mis represented Trump in your first sentence. That is NOT what he said.
Keep Fighting for us Bobby Casey!!!
first you say you want to work with him then this #huh
You must have been listening to another speech. That is not what I heard. AWESOME speech. Hope he does all he says.
Anyone that says "Believe me" is lying and I won't ...
Thank you Senator Casey!
wow you wrote that fast... how do you suspect he could outline ACA repeal etc all that in one 30 min speech?
Bullshit, Bob.  You're not willing to work, period.
Not tonight champ.
Go to bed.
@annieb0823 @SenBobCasey You lost.
get Toomey on boards and PA can start making amends for our election outcome
Thank you for working for PA.
