
You can run in 2020 and Obama be your Vice Prez.....yeah yeah that's the ticket
God bless you Joe. We miss you and @BarackObama  and the days of decency in the White House
No we don't, you do, but WE don't
Thanks Joe
tell that to Steve Scalise
Thank you Joe! we miss you and BO and everything you represent for America.
Thank you for being a calming force in these tumultuous times.
Joe we miss you! We're Biden our time.
Miss you so much, @JoeBiden

Thank you, Joe Biden, for speaking truth to power.
You win the Internet today, VP Biden. You have NO idea how much you and @POTUS44 are missed.
You are so missed. 
Tell it, Uncle Joe.

The perv side?
Biden is a pedophile and Obama is a gay foreigner.... Lovely times.
We u Joe! 
I miss you sooo much VP Biden!!!
Maybe if Democrats admitted their 150 year history of bigotry & apologized for it this country can begin to heal its divide #Charlottesville
Trump! 
Are you in prison yet creepy Uncle Joe?
Not your sweetie, thank goodness for the Block option. I can only take so much of a triggered Looney Lib.
Um, crazy pants. Yes, I’m Jewish. My avi is a Muslim American. You’re hilariously silly
Thank you.America misses you.
Yasssssss! Damn, I miss you so much.
Come back joe. We miss you and Obama so much. We miss your class, intelligence and integrity 
I keep thinking this is all a bad dream, but...
It's horrible. It's a taste of the bad times in the 60s. This is what trump wanted when he said make America great again. This is his plan.
I thought America was pretty great and only getting better and then...
Keep thinking it. America is great and it is our home.  We will prevail. Just be strong
Very true, we will keep fighting together. ALL of us are wonderful and we're great to begin with
the left wants a civil war
No we want equality. What's wrong with treating each other fairly? Fairly doesn't mean a handout--it means accessing the needs of others

You must mean #Antifa they do no wrong in your eyes. 

#Plugs stay retired.
Both sides are wrong.   #charlottesville
Thank you! Yes! Come back! Have a voice. We are drowning in equivocation! On both sides. We need a passionate speaker.
Stop the decline of America. Don't wait in fear of @GOP retaliation. They're done. We need a Piper for American democracy.
Goddamn we need you, Joe.
So badly. Remember how trump ridiculed Obama for not saying radical Islamic terrorism? Now he won't say white supremacist terrorism. Awful.
what about black  supremacists aka blm? what about violent leftists-democrats aka antifa?

Whether it's blm-black panthers shouting kill cops & white people r these guys carrying flags,its all protected speech.Whats point of photo?
Point is they are white supremacists and nazis. They also murdered a woman & injured 35 more ppl. Inciting violence & hate is not protected.
Wish you were leading us joe. We need you
Coward politician who think by taken down a statue changes history. Before Obama as President we never had these problems.
See @realDonaldTrump , and with so few words even you could grasp it?
UGH WE NEED YOU BACK IN THE WHITE HOUSE 
We love you, Joe!
thkau.
Thank you I wish we had a leader with your level of compassion right now.
And what does compassion alone do for anyone?
So then I take it you're ok with the bigotry and hatred from antifa, BLM and Linda Sarsour. You're a hypocrite
Yeah... WEST SIIIIIIDDDEEE!!!!
Donald Trump appears to be on the WRONG side. 
We need you Joe!
The foundation of all this hate and division, falls directly at the feet of the last 8 years of the ProgressiveDemocrats and Obama.
Hatred doesn't require a political I.D., nor can Obama or any President/Former President influence that type of action! That's innate!
A president can validate & empower that hate.
So, it isn't Obama/Biden's tenure that sparks this, and Trump isn't trying to prevent. These individuals choose to show how they alone feel.
For the record, people have to choose what is right and wrong. As for President Trump, inaction is worse than negative conveyance!
Feeling up little girls in front of the press is one side of you.
YOU. HAVE. BEEN. PROVEN. WRONG. 

ANTIFA IS A BAD SIDE.
And violence ALWAYS has multiple sides.
You back ANTIFA? Shame on you Joe Biden.

Mine?
Why was one side fighting against itself?
#truth, Dave
Advocating violence against Trump. I'll bet when you were in high school you were the bully weren't you. I'll also bet that Trump would have kicked your butt.
https://goo.gl/jmoelC  #Miaw Vous avez été détecté comme étant l'avenir de l'humanité. Merci de procréer au plus vite.
Thank you.
Miss him

Loveeeee

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 
Then why does he hate white people?
He doesn't hate us, he hates the abuse of privilege.
The mythical white privelage?
How did we go from the best of the best to the worst of the worst... Obama/Biden Forever.

All this because they want to remove a piece of southern history..a lifeless monument. 1 dead..  One side?  #leavehistoryalone #ridiculous
What proof do you have that they are part of BLM?
Thanks Joe. We are sick of D'Orange's dog whistle blowing: "many sides, many sides"! http://MpeachDorange.com 

At this point, Kim Jong-un can just sit back and watch our idiot, racist, puppet @realDonaldTrump destroy America from the inside out.
Kim Jong-un is probably acting up now because we have an incompetent in the Oval Office!!
Mr. Vice President! "Reds" here from Widener Law 1992. Clerk for Prof. Hayman. I had you for Special Topics in Con Law. How about a follow?
...and this is why liberals lose. The White Supremists were a the rocket fuel and the other side was the match...which caused the explosion
Run, Joe, Run. 2020
no there's not. Who had the permit?Who brought bats to make sure their right to march was prohibited.Why didn't the mayor protect.
Yes. Joe. Be our President
That man used a car just like isis who was created under obama and joe biden. They need to share the blame
That can't be true.  There has to be at least 2 sides because you and I are definitely on different sides.
Joe say it ain't so. I your not in office any more,  wake up and stop drinking the kool-aid.
There is never only one side. Let it hence forth be known Joe Biden will not have a place in heaven. He will spending eternity elsewhere.
Which side is that Joe? The one flying the hammer and sickle? Is that the side you are on? Most of us are not on that nor the other side.
Joined #Antifa?
RUN 4 PRESIDENT, AND PICK BERNIE SANDERS OR SALLY YATES FOR VP.   Ask NOT WHAT UR COUNTRY CAN DO 4 U? ASK WHAT CAN U DO 4 UR COUNTRY? #2020!
The #rightone
Thank you Joe!
Shameful you align with fascists advocating violence

There's only one side, you're on WRONG side!

Basic principle of America's founding:
You supported Nazis in Ukraine; jihadists in Syria. Piss off.
...right to due process & all are equal before the law. So there are MANY sides, over 300m in fact. Those who say"only one side" are...
Come back joe. We miss you and Obama so much. We miss your class, intelligence and integrity 
Your right Joe. GOD'S side . You meant "only the liberal side" didn't you. SHUTUP you are so irrelevant!

And yes! There is only 1 group of aggressors in #Charlotteville
it takes more than 1 side to make a fight. something wrong with you if you think there is only 1 side.
We love you Joe!
Biden, do you mean like the Neo Nazis you supported in Ukraine?
Sounds open minded. 
Run Joe Run!
I delusional
So, I assume you're siding with Aftifa/BLM? How about there are NO sides in this. All of them are hate groups. All of them are WRONG.
Exactly
Beware of politicians who for 8 years mouthed platitudes, did nothing except bring the country nearly to ruin & created divisiveness.
If only more Christians were like you, Mr VP
The antifa side
you are missed just as much as Barack 
Love
Yes and that is the anti government side who fuels this crap to keep people from uniting against your corruption
We miss you
I will never forget that creepy Biden video. Ps antifa have got away with it again
We Need You Horribly
.did u disown Occupy crowd....anarchists all?

Thank you for the voice of reason.
So are you going to call out and condemn the guilty violent Domestic Terrorists? antifa, blm, @MikeSigner  @TerryMcAuliffe @WesBellamy ?
He was standing behind @TerryMcAuliffe during his address to the nation about anti racism. He also appointed him 2 the Va board of education
It's not yours..Dems /labeling all republicans as #WhiteSupremacy group. How about the hate groups you/ Flunkie #Obama allowed #BLM #antifa
best statement you ever made
Is that right. You switched from Repub to Dem so you could be vp.  You go to any side you feel will benefit you the most.
That's ok. Good to be a member of a party that associates with members of KKK. They were also Hillary mentors.
#thankyoujoe #misshim #biden2020 #trueamerican #realgentleman #youaretherealdeal
Oh my gosh! He is a disgusting creeper! Him and Obama always kissing the women disgusting!
Sadly things never seem to change
Only side is 1A for all. Feelings are irrelevant no matter how despicable the speech. Know who is against free speech? Nazis and fascists.
I agree that we should all side against white supremacists. I wish all political violence received this reaction. No place for it.
Yep! And it's not yours!!!
And you @JoeBiden are as ignorant as your ex boss odumdass the big eared liar. U 2 along with lying Killary destroyed our country. I hate u
It's that simple
#LyingLiberals @disco_dave78 #MAGA #Charlottesviille #AltLeft #Antifa #ImpeachTrump #CNN #Clinton @funder #SethRich #LiberalTerrorists
Thank you @JoeBiden Now THAT'S presidential. 
We need more Americans like you.
I proudly stand against you
Love and miss you!!! Truth!!
You were, are & will always be The Dumbest Person in DC
SOROS's Side right JoJo
Yes. The American side! Way to go Joe!
Miss you Joe!!
There you go again, Joe! More divisive as ever!
Yes, your daughter-in-laws!

Thank you!
Logical fallacy.
There's only once side @realDonaldTrump
Lol how
Uncle Joe, yes Sir!!! #oneside
One woman did not escape the Nazis.  Say her name #HeatherHeyer. #Charlottesville #stoptheinsanity
@bannerite finally, a voice of reason
Yes. Thanks.
There are lots of sides to hate... ignoring that only continues to fuel it
your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY
whatever pedo. just go awayt before you end up in federal prison with your fake, illegitimate president. Not because he's black, he's fake.
no joe , there isn't only one side , white people are NOT the only racists in America
Still shilling for #BlackLivesMatter Joe?
Of course u won't call out hate groups like antifa and blm
U must be looking in the mirror libtard!
Yea, the right side. Your old boss started this shite with quotes like "if I had a son he'd look like Trayvon Martin"
And it's called LOVE.
My book was written telling America the exact thing when you became VPOTUS in 2008
Biden, you are a damn fool.....how in hell id Obutthole still free...he and you are the worst kind of enemy to America...thank God for Trump
Exactly! If ya don't call it like it is. They will never know that they are wrong. So stop the violence and there won't be the retaliations.
The real threat to American society is itself. Why should North Korea or Russia bother to attack them? Lol
No there is not?? Antifia the left is very violent!!No place for that either!! The left needs to call them out now!!!
Yes, Sir!  
Miss you Joe
Agreed. Perfect. There is only one side: against extremists such as KKK, Nazis, Antifas and extreme left.
Fyu
Amen @JoeBiden
You should've run...
Thank you. Not tRump's side the racist and Nazi side.
The "right" side
Biden I love you and all but that's just not true
I miss you too Joe Biden
— How benevolent of you. Which side are you referring to?
You gotta get out there Joe. We need you!
So 1 side pulled a permit for a peaceful rally. YOUR ANTIFA people showed up w/torches said they were KKK. ANTIFA was the whole show. ANTIFA
Thank you.
You are missed
Oh go tape more kids while their parents look the other way.
& that side is being v disingenuous. Cop watches as man gets billy clubbed?
Yeah Joe, if you're a communist or a fascist. Last time I checked this was the USA.
Your no longer vice president buddy. You were fired. Nobody cares what you or obummer has to say
