President Trump plans to create a commission to investigate voter fraud, following up on his unsubstantiated claim http://nyti.ms/2r5R6DO  
He's enacting policy based on lies while dismissing investigations based on truth.
You are a few years too like; that was Barack Obama personified, @potus has done neither
No Democrats and Liberals are doing that! Pres. Trump is putting truth out there which Dems and Liberals aren't doing.
Funny how you attach "Voter Suppression" with "Voter Fraud". That's what we like to call a  Freudian slip,
No, he's laying the groundwork for us to have solid, fair elections. How dare he! :/
without voter suppression the GOP is in big trouble in 2018- they need to deny votes to those who are eligible
When are democrats going to start fighting this??? #crosscheck
We need a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary selling 20% US uranium to Russia for $145 million & Bill Clinton's $500K Moscow speech.
So what you are saying is that you support fraudulent voting.  No other inference can be made from your statement.
We have a problem in this country with not enough people voting. The amount of fraudulent voting is absolutely minuscule. Stop watching Faux
Pretty sure I wasn't talking to you.
Take polls, Step outside ur bubble. Everyone knows Russian hacking story is BS. Spend time w ur constituency. FBI should examine DNC server.
Suppression. Russian tactic as well
I think it will backfire on him and they will find voter fraud that benefited him.
It can't b based on truth bcse the FBI WAS REFUSED ACCESS BY THE DNC TO PERFORM FORENSIC INVESTIGATION OF DNC SERVERS! What is DNC hiding?
Yep and we need to fight this hard!
I am so very glad to have this gentleman as my senator!
Voter suppression is also an impeachable offense.
Tell that to the DNC, IN WHICH THEY R PROVEN TO HAVE ENGAGED.
You know their is no proof of collusion but you keep pushing you fake agenda. It's just diversion from the GREAT Job of President Trump
Based on TRUTH??? Where's the proof, u corporate, establishment stooge? What else did Podesta tell you to tweet?
THERE WAS NO RUSSIAN ELECTION TAMPERING! THERE WAS NO RUSSIAN ELECTION TAMPERING!!! BERNIE WAS ROBBED! WE DON'T WANT YOUR FUCKING HILLARY!
We all see the reports. We want to know what is being done to save us from the fascist state we are hairs from.
@nytpolitics another demo lie
Typical..another end game runaround to avoid the real issue!
2018 is time to elect your replacement.  Rick Saccone
His excuse for this should be interesting.....and total B.S.
Developing: FBI confirms agents are executing a search warrant at the office of GOP Fundraiser/Consulting firm in Annapolis
You must be corrected again. He is not dismissing the investigation and there are cases in many states right now of voter fraud.
Protect our voting rights Bob
Trump is going to supress 100% of the vote in 2018. I'm taking bets on when the Reichtag burns.
Trump is crazed with destruction. Impeach him now!
Dems love voter fraud. Bunch of Unamerican bums. Voter ID for all. More winning with Trump
Someone should kindly tell our Emperor is naked..or insane
Voter fraud is real! Get out of ur bubble and pay attn.  Obama gave ILLEGALS permission 2 vote n last election! She thinks she won popular!
Another waste of taxpayer $ like the wall. Voting is handled by the states. Just another attempt to change the narrative away from Russia.
What are the Democrats going to do about it? @TomPerez
The orange traitor's model is South Africa...permanent minority rule by a white nationalist govt.
Republicans have been laying this groundwork for over a decade. The gerrymandering began with the advent of the tea party.
Poetic justice of this commission would reveal voter fraud in Trump's favor; forcing him to relinquish the Presidency in shame & anguish.
So what is the Senate doing to stop him?  You need to find the Republicans of conscience, if there are any left, and work w/them to stop 45
Talk about a tax payer funded waste of money. How about spending this money on school lunches, Meals on Wheels, Medicare, Medicaid, PICK ONE
Seriously?
I hope the people of pa. Can suppress the for you Bob casey
I think it's time to stop him the sooner the better we don't need them cheating in 2018
@nytpolitics he's desperate to make his insane voter fraud claims as why he lost popular vote seem credible
Shameful!
He does realuze that all of these EOs can be undone w the stroke of a pen when he's no longer in office, right?
Realize!
In all seriousness, how has he not been impeached yet? This seems like a gross abuse of power on top of a mountain of conflicts of interest.
The SS #Trumptanic is taking on water badly.
Then you all need to have oversight and watch it closely. I don't understand why anyone 18 and over, unless maybe a felon, can't vote.
You have your head in the sand.
New Democrat talking point.  The desperation is almost poetic.
@RonWyden @SenJeffMerkley I know you all have alot on your plate but this can't happen! Don't let Oregon down!!
Was a time only wealthy property owning white men could vote. I'm not in the mood to let the epitome of that rob us of what we fought to get
State republicans will have a lot of 'splainin to do.
So he'll spend resources on that, but not to investigate Russian Hacking? #TrumpMustResign
What is wrong with Trump?  Is he that stupid?
We're counting on you to take action, Senator.
I"m going to congress soon to testify. President Obama order investigation why some people used my identity to meet him in the WhiteHouse.
he's a real evil multi tasker...
Impeaching him would solve so many problems.
