This GOP budget will cut Medicare and Medicaid to finance a tax plan that gives 80% of the cuts to the top 1% by 2027
People like the Waltons of Walmart actually encourage their employees to get on gov’t assistance programs b/c they don’t pay a living wage.
These aren’t the of jobs we need. These are jobs that keep people poor & destitute, & they’re cutting programs that help these ppl, too!
Take a look around @walmart next time you’re there, and tell me these people working don’t deserve a living wage. They’re not kids...
If they don't want to be paid like kids, then they should learn now to live and work like adults.
Seriously? Oh how I wish I had a magic wand that could turn white men into oh, anything else! How do they get jobs that you say are "adult?"
If we all had same skin color, what would we fight over? Eye color? Blood type? If even these were all the same, fools still find something.
I hope we will evolve beyond using our physical characteristics to determine our value to one another as human beings, Joseph. Imagine.
Not surprised at all. GOP is party of wealthy. 51-49 vote along party lines.
Not anymore, that’s the dem now
45 liar in Chief, done nothing, Putin’s puppet, lied for son, folded arms=scared as hell. Costing own party votes.
#UraniumOneDeal that’s the real Russian story
Nope...not real story. Sexual assault, Trump U, racist, neo-Nazi, promises he can’t keep, mentally ill, emoluments, obstructing Justice.
I’m sure the Russians donated millions to the Clinton Foundation cause they want to help American “charities”
Proof? None. Afraid to see what Russians gave 45?
Bill Clinton did receive $500,000 to deliver a speech at a Russian bank that was promoting Uranium One stock, according to The NY Times
Were on a death Spiral nothing will b left of this USA except Rich White MEN I’m white middle class a women soon 2b extinct under this admin
I’m a woman and the last 8 years under obama were a lot worse than now
That’s just a flat out lie. It’s not been worse than this, ever. I mean, not in recent history - anyway.
Not a lie, the last 8 years were horrible financially, unemployment is down and record highs in stock market, looks good
Unemployment went down under Obama, he bolstered the economy and rescued us from a straight-up recurrence of The Great Depression.
Under trump unemployment is it’s lowest in 17 years hun..
In spite of Trump. Hit me back in a couple of years - when Trump’s b.s. policies catch up to the economy & we can see his real jobs impact
The same old lie from the the Democrats who love to tax the middle class to support their special interest
You should have voted YES. You are totally missing what the outcome of this will be
and what do you see as the outcome of the tax cuts for the 1% & tax hikes for middle class?
Is that all you lying democrats can say? Tax cuts for the wealthy? You're worse than hollywood. Nothing new to introduce, just reruns of BS!
So I'm supposed 2 believe it because someone else prints it? Nope Sorry .Doubling the standard deduction is a PLUS no matter what WP says!
Thanks Bob!!!
rich get richer while the most vulnerable get screwed. It's not surprising considering Paul Ryan doesn't even care about hungry children
Were screwed! When the deficit increases significantly the GOP will forget they caused it.
What POTUS spent twice as much money in the past 8 years - than all other POTUS combined did ? Here is a Hint - he now owns 4 homes !
Think of the middle class for once
Sounds like the 1% was that desperate.
they're always that desperate to keep their money
Americans deserve the pain & suffering to come as they promoted & supported it.
not all of us support these plans and program changes.
Cuts to Medicare and Medicaid breaks 2 promises that Trump made to the middle class so when he signs this bill YOU/DEMS have to TELL PEOPLE
Doubt you pay taxes so I say false
Why can’t  the midterm elections  be next month instead of next year
STOP #stupidpoliticaltheater
No kidding? Welcome to the Oligarchy that is American politics. Trickle Down is not a working model, unless you want ruling elites.
Both JFK and Reagan knew that the same ocean wave that raised ships,
RAISED ALL SHIPS !  Trickle down works better than socialism !
Really? Then why do the wealthiest Americans own a bigger percent of wealth now than before the Great Depression?You’re free in Oligarchy?
Thank you Bob Casey
Well shame on you. Bet you'd vote to have unrestricted abortions on the public dole too.
Why are we thanking him the f’ers passed it!
He did not vote for it!!! You do know the GOP has the majority, right? Senator Casey fights for us, we neeed to get Toomey out of office.
I know he didn’t vote for it! Was kind of a mute point to brag about it!
Really? I say it as him giving us information on the bill.
Ok I’ll fold!
Liar


Wow...good one scarecrow!
