Yesterday, I met with seniors in Lancaster to highlight how this plan cuts Medicare to fund giveaways to super-rich.
Today in Philadelphia, I'll highlight how the GOP tax plan also RAISES taxes on the middle class to help fund these same giveaways.
And throughout the day on Twitter, I'll address some of the more egregious flaws in this tax plan.
Bob when did u come back to life? Did somebody get a blood transfusion on us taxpayers?!
Thank you @SenBobCasey for standing up for ALL Americans! This Administration is an authoritarian nightmare run by a madman. Keep fighting!
How is it possible that you and @SenToomey cannot agree on something so fundamental?
Because Casey cares about his constituents and Toomey cares about his donors.
I’m asking about the relationship between the two PA Senators and how they can disagree on EVERYTHING.
Is that really so hard to understand? Toomey is a radical right-winger. The two are like day and night.
Yes, their politics are vastly different. I’d like to understand how they interact, if at all. Seems crazy for them not to try.
Because they are not rich enough and we are sheep who vote against our own best interest.   Heaven help us

Any bets he mentions the Penguins in the first 20 seconds?
I'll bet.  He better mention the Flyers and not the penquins
Flyers lost last night.. I wonder if he even knows that?  lol
That was a brutal loss too :(
I'm a #Preds  fan.  Thought the game was great.  :)
Cup....
Maybe this year !   :)
Hopefully it'll be the Flyers vs.the Predators for the Stanley Cup
I guess the ppl out there really do believe the little moron is the second coming,the ppl I know in NYC call him a slum landlord from queens
Punch him in his rotten orange face then the boxing rematch can be televised. Raising money to impeach the dumbass
You know the orange in chief is only going to talk about coal, and lie about anything else.
Coal is dead. Trump is feeding lies to these poor people.
No shit Sherlock
DOTARD BLOTUS release YOUR tax returns now! What are you hiding? We need to know if they pose a National Security issue &/or how you benefit
You lie Casey. Lying dems must stop being obstructionists and accept your powerless position in America. We've tired of your insanity.
Can we build a wall around Pennsylvania to keep him out?
Wake up Pennsylvania wake up!
#25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment
But he will make it sound like he cares so much for the financial situations of the peasants, many of whom will believe him.
And his base will fall for it hook, line and sinker.
And # it all MAGA, blame Obama when it fails and chant "lock her up"...
Horrible man, horrible president
I have a sledgehammer and a monkey wrench ready to throw..
No
Pennsylvania get ready for a CON job. That's the only jobs Trump has produced. last month the US lost 33,000 jobs. Shades of Bush WH.
Fight.   Protest.
BS. Same old tired crap sprouting from leftist. Shameful but not surprising.
Go back to school and learn something about economics, while you are there also research successful socialist countries in the 21st century.
Typical GOP Trickle Down bullshit. Throw the ' liddle people' a bone ( to choke on).
Watch how he spins it, this ought to be good.
Please keep fighting for us!
He’s not a state senator and hurray Philadelphia!
#Wealthfare
Blood sucking, greedy rich, taking handouts & free rides on the backs of hard working middle class America!
WEALTHFARE
#StayWoke
Sadly, #TRUMP piled on the lies. Told them he wasn’t giving cuts to the rich, but to the middle class! Cheers all ‘round as he lied. 
I wish he would just stay out of our state.  No need to come here and spread his lies.
Why then, when the stock market is at "historic highs", do we need TAX CUTS FOR CORPORATIONS?
We don’t need corporate tax cuts. The Republicans & their wealthy donors WANT tax cuts.
Corporations here have no competition all 3 branches have colluded.  No tax cuts for monopolies!
Here’s what I can’t deal with. Y the fuck Rthey confirming his nominees at those confirmation hearing. I wanna no wtf is going on in that WH
How many of those confirmations have lasted?  Not many but they are some of the worst actors.
Keeping fight and speaking the TRUTH. I support you!
Funny how most of your replies are from ppl who probably don't pay tax and/or don't understand who actually pays the most in taxes. 
Stock market up, unemployment down, record corporate profits. Why do they need a tax cut?
UGH gross, that DOTARD BLOTUS in PA - I thought I felt a disturbance in The Force.
Trump has no idea what’s in the tax plan. He does know it will be great for him. And that’s what matters.
No! No! No! We don’t want him here! #TheResistance
I say we all turn our lights out and hide. Maybe he'll think we're not home and leave.
We're with you Senator! Stop him!!!!
25th Amendment it's time
I hope someone "grabs HIM by the pussy"
While taking that 80% from Medicare and Medicaid- how's that right?
Heres a thought the nazis republic of russia should get off their ass and do something.   Ya think

GOP: super duper 
The revolution is coming!!!!
Do not let your police or national guard help with protection.
Deplorable
Please continue to keep the voters informed!You are a great Senator in my opinion 
As always
That's DT's version of make America great again. A load of BS that he is still shoveling and sadly some still believe.
Just say don't let the door hit you in your a#* on the way out of Pennsylvania
#ImpeachTrump
And in sure Toomey will be there to stroke him off. Can't find him any other time. How many Pennsylvanians will you allow him to kill? #25th
Reject Trump's Deadly tax plan....It's your funeral!!! It will benefit his properties and his wives &children only! He doesn't pay Fed tax
Oh how nice. No doubt he'll have Pre paid BOTS behind him& in the audience TO APPLAUD their own DEMISE for 1%! These ppl are truly stupid
People, please proofread your tweets! Country, not county
PUSH BACK!  He's a moron
And to whom did he boast about eliminating the estate tax? Truckers who live paycheck to paycheck and could care less about estate tax
Please help stop this mad man!
doesn't it make sense that tax cuts would benefit them the most?
If the top 1% are contributing the large majority of income taxes,
How do voters in a modern, rich , educated, developed democracy actually fall for this?
Knock him down Mr. Casey ! Fight for us
Urgh!  It just keeps getting worse!
If I had a nickel for every dumb idea Trump tried pushing, I'd actually be able to get a tax break from his plan.
I certainly hope the senate stays true to constituents and stops this nonsense
He would be much better off here. Look there is an open seat for him! 
This is the only piece of legislation the REPS care about. Once passed, the assholes plan to invoke the 25th to get rid of Cheeto face
Stand strong against him senator
While corporations are sitting on the largest cash reserves in history and NOT using it to create new/higher paying jobs.
He can give all their money to rich they only care  a White Male is President
Pls educate your truck drivers etc that estate or death tax applies to $5mil + estates. 80 families paid last yr. They aren't aware
Don't give in Penn! He is a bullshitter-he is use to lying to get what he wants-he is only thinking of next term which is 3 years away!
#DepravedIndifferenceToHumanLife #CrimesAgainstHumanity #DepravedIndifference #25thAmendmentNow #ImpeachTrump #Treason
Can we ban him from the state?
You mean Trump's tax plan won't really help truckers? 
Keep his feet to the fire.
And the media & politicians & the people will let it happen.  This has all become so hopeless.
Just stop with the default position of tax breaks to the 1% argument already. That horse is broken down and been sent to the glue factory.
Hoping the good people Pennsylvania will stand up against this 1% ripoff!
Gross! I'm glad I'm out of town! Run that loser out of PA!
I see a lot of complaining about Trump's plans but I don't see you working to give me back my hard earned money in a tax plan?
Can @SenToomey show me any evidence trickle down has ever worked?  Don't think so.  Thanks Bob...keep speaking out
Trump and Republicans want a big tax cut for the wealthy, claiming the gains will trickle down to the middle-class. Don't fall for it. 
Say it loud and often
@jeremy2collins @realDonaldTrump if you didnt have those 1% paying all those taxes, the rest of the country wouldn't benefit
Yes but thanks to gerrymandering and the failure of the US Edu. System, those who understand this can't get people they want elected
just say no...Oh wait...you just pretend to take a stand...I forgot!
Those With More Than Enough #TWMTE are trying to get rid of Those Without Enough as fast as they can #healthcare #taxreform #EPARegulations
He should have stayed home
And there will be people that STILL support him
I hope you told him to go fly a kite.
Unless met with resistance DJT et al will bankrupt USA as Bush, dubya, did
What are you doing in PA to prevent the Republicans from stealing the 4th Presidential election of the US.  Use ur position to fix PA.
That 
Is
An
Outright 
LIE
Please be our voice and don’t let this man get away with this evil and corruption. We need American heroes! 
Trump pushes a tax plan and we have no idea what his tax returns look like.  If he's pushing tax reform there's something in to benefit him.
Thank you for pointing this out. When it comes trust, we trust you much more than Trump.
What is his message for the people of Brownsville? Coal mines don't need regulating? EPA doesn't enforce clean up? Tax breaks for the rich?
Interesting Trump didn't do diddly squat to promote health care (thank god). Tax cuts that benefit him and he is all over the country!
Hopefully he will share his 2017 1040 that is not yer under audit. Filing deadline soon. Maybe he filed already?
And Pennsylvania will cheer him, of course.
Should've Voted for @SenSanders
And it's so sad that they will believe him too.
That seems about right....
Time for @realDonaldTrump to go.
betcha can't wait for that to be over with!
Dear Senator, please continue this fight because this punitive tax plan is meant to trap workers to never achieve the absent American Dream
Stop trump
Hopefully the people of PA have come to their senses & finally see Trump for who he is, A LYING CONMAN!
Don’t States have power to stop a President from coming? He should have never come here to Vegas
That's why you are in office to prevent such carnage.  You don't get money from voters for voting wrong but for voting right.
PA, voted for this idiot, unfortunately they deserve what they get. I never thought so many of my fellow Pennsylvanians would be so stupid.
This man is unfit to be in the WH !!
This is truly frightening!! PLEASE CALL THE HILL... STOP THIS INSANITY

Not surprised

Does he have to waste more $ by flying, couldn’t he teleconference?
Please find a way to stop this.
GEZZZZZZZZZZ
AMERICANS WANT TRUMP OUT OF WH IMMEDIATELY
Does trump even realize that?
So stop him!!!
And all without ever showing his own taxes! Face it, the USA has built the worst “democracy” in the world. What a joke!
And truckers!!!
Yes today Donald Trump went to my state of Pennsylvania and lied about his freaking tax plan. Resign!!!!
And his minions cheer!
Now that he has left, can we fumigate Harrisburg?
Well of course it does!!
And to think Trump couldn't honor the flag during Retreat. Casey: impeach Trump for disrespecting our military and our flag.
And this gem to screw people out of healthcare BREAKING: Tomorrow 11:15 Eastern, Trump will sign his Executive Order on ACA. 1/
It’s now your job, along with rest of Congress to get busy administering impeachment proceedings. That should be your sole concern for now.
This is obviously a non starter. Not a Tax reform plan. It’s a Tax Windfall for the very rich plan.
And lie to truckers about the tax plan and how it will benefit them. #Lies #ConArtist @realDonaldTrump
Same thing every president has done for 50 years.   N Senate has stood in the way basically never
@tkdmike @realDonaldTrump Harrisburg should have taken a knee today. Trump would have left Thanks Senator Casey
Please sir be more specific on what exactly you are claiming. Show us the data behind these statements.

Maybe we should build a border wall to keep him out.
And, they'll believe him
Restoring the child tax credit and giving people who make 50000 or less a tax break is helping the 1%?
Go away, you are going to lose in 2018!
Wow, I voted for ur dad, but ur a lying moron
Send him back home empty handed!

Crooked corrupt liar Trump
...because if there's anyone who needs extra cash at the end of a Monopoly game, it's the player holding all the real estate with hotels!
And nobody will do anything about it.   Why do regular people think they'll benefit from the estate tax repeal?  Can they be this ignorant?
And the zelaots will mindlessly applaud...
there should be no Corporate tax cut for any Company that has moved jobs out of the U.S.  example Nabisco and possibly AT+T
He had the nerve to come to our state and repeat his litany of lies. Senator, he must go...there is no question, and soon.
NO THANK YOU #RESIST
Where only MAYBE,,, 30 trucking company's benefit from his lie.  The #s are a cluster of BS . Even revamping the  #s benefit Wealthy XX's
Don't let it happen!
PUSH BACK PA! How will the @GOP pay their rich friends? By decimating Medicaid--harming kids, elderly, disabled Vets & others.
I can't wait until you're looking for a job here shortly.
Typical class warfare fear mongering. 
Same old stale Democrat talking points. Where are all your brilliant ideas? Oh wait-you have no ideas
You only have one word wrong..now the plan for the day is to figure out what word does not fit.
I'm with you that this is awful, but my homestate of #Pennsylvania publicly soiled itself last November on #ElectionDay and is an embarassment. Do better #KeystoneState and fix what you did to the rest of us
What will you do
Come on Pennsylvania Resistors, Laugh him out of your state! #TheResistance
Why don’t you do something for the middle class you already saddled them with the highest price health plan that is killing the middle class

Senator you've got to put a stop to this political & frivolous travel by Executive branch -paid by taxpayers- in violation of Hatch Act!
Tamara, you just keep watching CNN,  they have dumb you down to their level.
So why are the House & Senate waiting 4 #MuellerTime? There's enough Republicans ready to take out the trash in WH.
Thanks Senator Casey...
Dude! Aren't they the ones actually paying the taxes our government runs on?
And he’s using working class images to sell it to the working class.  They want us to back something that undercuts what we work for.
Get him out of my state
Why on earth would you lie like that.
Yes!
Thank you @SenBobCasey for thinking of PA first!  #HesMySenator
SPEAK #WokeBobCasey the twitter platform is yours and your constituents are listening. #SPEAK
Is is going to Philly?.wonder if he will climb those step oh wait he'd need a bucket loader to carry his lardo arse trickle down doesnt work
