The opinion of this so-called judge, which essentially takes law-enforcement away from our country, is ridiculous and will be overturned!
where is any religion mentioned in the order?
Yes, Senator, please explain this, or apologize for lying to your constituents for political gain!
Please show me proof of the multi-year vetting program You are a liar. People like you put the citizens of this country at risk
Sorry but you have old info. Obama shortened the process to 7 months. These countries don't keep records on citizens
look at Germany and France. They vetted those refugees also. Some or muslim extremist  hell bent on Jihad.
He hopes.
it's not a religious test it's an ideology concern... #AmericaFirst
A "concern" that someone may disagree with you.
hey senator Bob where does the money come from that supports these refugees?
Ted Cross. Catholic Charities
Red Cross. Sorry!
please come up with idea to guarantee Christians in USA will not be slaughtered by refugees required meet their own religion
Yes it is.  When was the last time you have seen an extremist morman holding someones decapitated head?????????????????
So pleased that you are my Senator from PA
Proud of Senator Casey for standing up for the constitution
WHY ISNT THERE AN EXTREME VETTING PROCESS FOR PEOPLE THAT WANT TO BE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES? IN ALL SINCERITY.  WHY?
Your office always repeats that line, but Obama fast-tracked Syrian refugees into 3 months.
very very untruthful.The people of your district will remember your a liar on election day. Get your resources in order ur done
we love Senator Casey!
If only the USA vetted people BEFORE locking them up in Gitmo.  @senbobcasey @marynmck #uighurs
Thank you for holding to a reasonable position on this!
then be open to improvements. It's not a ban. It's a 90 pause to REVIEW procedures. Why are you opposed?
AS a PA voter I am ashamed you would blatantly lie to us. You KNOW there is NO RELIGIOUS TEST! Disgraceful. Quit the lies!
If you don't believe this is not a religious test, I have a bridge in Brooklyn you might be interested in buying
"so called judge". Trump must denigrate all who criticize him.
PROTECT RELIGIOUS FREEDOM in America! No ban, No registry!
Thank you for presenting FACT!  The ban is #notaboutsafety
thank you for standing up for these individuals.
No religious test
Judges defend our constitution! We do not deny people from our  country because of their religion!
strongly agree!!!
@realDonaldTrump Trump just delegitimized his own presidency by attacking the U.S. courts.
thank you for standing up for us. Proud to be your constituent
Islam or Muslim terrorists are at war with the "infidels". It is a relig. war they declared. Trad. Muslims r killed too.
@realDonaldTrump I wish you would have community round tables across the country. Someone talk to us!
# YOU WILL Reap what you Sow
I want to note how dangerous it is that our president undermines anyone who disagrees with him. We need checks and balances!
next you'll be telling us Islam is the religion of peace?
Refugees come from failed and warring States. Do u believe these States give us any info on ppl wanting to leave?
thank u for standing up to trump
thank you for the fine, untiring efforts you perform for the good of our country.
@GretchenETaylor what is your solution for preventing terror attacks in our country.  Why don't you propose one?
thank you for your leadership Senator.
"so called judge" ?! Questioning the legitimacy of the judiciary system. Hmmm
It's refreshing to hear a voice of reason amid the chaos in the White House.
Proud that you're our Senator!
@realDonaldTrump Trump you are not above the law. Everything you do wrong will catch up with you. @70 you haven't learned that
show us the proof Bob. Btw still waiting on your report of all the Soros money you took. You're tainted
Radicalization is a war of ideas playing out on the internet and it won't be won by a ban.
Thanks for speaking the truth and fighting for what is right! #TrumpNotFitToServe
bravo!
if refugees have a secret agenda that even a POSSIBILITY of harming me for my religion.... then extreme vetting required
start job hunting
open to improvement, but won't help create one. Do your job!
What about a constitutional test? If that's the test than it's the God of Bible we are under. Are you open to rewriting it?
Doesn't Freedom OF Religion Guarantee us #NoReligiousTest  ???? And #FreedomFromReligion as well???? #StandUpToTrump
Thank you, Senator Casey.
maybe it's a good idea because if trump were given a religious test, I am sure he would fail and he would be deported 
Yes, Senator. And his targeting of the judge and questioning judiciary legitimacy is hugely inappropriate and worrisome.
did you even READ the EO not a BAN, it's a pause to give time to improve the Vetting process that  can't be done in those 7
The "So Called" Prez and his Minions called it a BAN...if the shoe fits....wear it!
I don't think I can thank you enough for standing up for EVERYONE and not just a select few.   THANK YOU!
"so called" judge?????????  Does this man understand how the government works?
this is not a religious test...get off it already
this so called president needs to be shown the door. #thegreatAmericansham
bigger question is what are you doing about the Constitutional crisis at hand? (I'm your constituent, BTW)
"Religious test" ban is also blatantly unconstitutional. Assuming you're concerned Trump tries 2 undermine authority of judic.
It is not a religious test, stop the lies!
@realDonaldTrump
Can u please explain our intense multi-yr vetting process?
Multi yr can be
December 31,16 to Jan 1st,17
Jesus was a refugee from Herrod's child murder mandate. His family took him to Egypt. If Egypt can accept a Jewish refugee...
he (Bannon actually) is looking for holy war -- http://www.haaretz.com/opinion/1.769002 … - worth a read
