Now he is denying financial help to already burdened financial states. What kind of POTUS is this. He gets out of bad weather goes to FL.
So this is how Trump repays those that put him in office?!?!
Thanks for nothing @POTUS !!!  Just like you want to kill Pennsylvanians with #AHCA !
Hey you liberal elites. The NE part of PA is Democrats . Wolf was pandering to his base. Like all Democrats he wants someone else's money
Please impeach this immoral disgrace.
Trump probably never even lifted a shovel full of snow so he has no idea how it cripples a state.
And yet @PatToomey will B fine with this. Keep up the good work @SenBobCasey 
Vote Toomey out. we need to get him out of here
Have to wait until 2022. He was just re-elected.
Drats
So much for looking out for the interests of hard working Americans. @POTUS has no interest in PA, or the USA even. Self-interest $$$
In all honesty the area should have had money left from 2 mild winters. Corruption is ripe in the valley Bob...you know that!
GOOD! It isn't "free" money! It snowed. We live in PA. What do we expect? There has been too much waste throughout the system. This was pork
Bet you'll still have your head up your ass, smiling, when our state and local taxes get hiked to recoup the costs! 
Let them. This was not a FEDERAL issue. People need to realize that the government should not be your nanny!
There's a reason there is a FEDERAL disaster relief fund, one that's funded by American taxpayers.
Correct, but just because it exists doesn't mean 1) it should or 2) it has been used smartly. Snow in PA isn't an unforeseen problem...
Fed. government shouldn't subsidize poor planning by localities/ states. Our fed has grown to where people think it is all-knowing power.
The snow wasn't the problem. The damage inflicted by the snow & ice is. That's called an "emergency". Hence the need for an emergency fund.
Read the DAMN REQUEST! It doesn't mention that at ALL.
quick, someone get @realDonaldTrump an electoral college map. PA sold its soul to elect him, he may as well give us what we ask for
Part of Pennsylvania's selling of soul to elect was due to gerrymandering redistricting by GOP
i dont doubt it. but it's also due to the voter turnout of an large, ignorant portion of the state i didn't believe existed before nov 8
Those parts are called Pennsyltucky for a reason...
This is leveragable. Every one in the affected are should know the they got stiffed by their boy
And for all those in Pa that voted for Trump I hope you are ashamed
They are not, sadly. I just overheard coworkers lamenting over unfair press towards DJT.  His voters disgust me.
I'm extremely disgusted with people who jumped into Trump camp last minute,
C'mon you guys!Don't you realize they need that money to build the wall that Mexico will eventually pay for?Maybe he can help y'all out then
Why is it unfair ?  Why is Governor asking for money now and not when it happened ?
Get "Rubber Stamp" Toomey on it - maybe he can remind the president of the electoral map
And don't forget he still owes Harrisburg about $40K for costs related to recent rally. Is all this 'winning' giving anyone else an ulcer?
Someone please re-call this man/ or vote him out in 2018. Full of hot air/hate.
HOW can ANY Pennsylvanian support 45 after this? HOW?!
There are a lot of PA people full of hate. That's how.
I try not to look at Republican voters with derision. I just hope that folks vote the person who reflects their ideals & day to day needs.
Really it makes no difference what party you belong to that how you should always vote for your best interest. None know if you vote party
#Resist
No bueno  @POTUS Still haven't learned how to balance responsibility & budget accordingly! #lovetwitter #fakenews #GodWins not whines! SAD
Would you consider having a joint town hall with @SenToomey? He might actually show if he has someone to show him how to get to Philly
He gave them less than what one of his golf weekends cost. Pathetic!
Trump needs the money for more ineffective bombs and to build up the Military Industrial Complex. He doesn't need the People of PA any more.
This is outrageous.
Apparently I'm not the only one with no fucks to give for suffering Trump voters --*45 himself doesn't give 2 shits either. 
Lesson learned?
45 doesn't care or understand the financial burden people experience. He has money, has always had money!
Do we save up $$ when winters are mild & don't use all the budget or just waste it on other things thinking we'll never have a tough winter?
what does @SenToomey think of this?
I have family in Luzerne. They barely mentioned a snowstorm and the kids were out of school maybe a day. No biggie for them.
He needs to economize for the 'WALL', I can't even...
Wonder how Trump voters feel about him now? Literally left them hanging to dry!
I still see many Trump signs all over rural PA. Can't fix stupid.
And he held a "Thank You" tour in Hersey, Pa. Need I say more about this man?
Extremely mild winter, why was extra money needed? Maybe thats the question we should be asking.
You want to cut into his golf money? Why are you expecting the tRump gov to help poor people?
Of course he denied it. We have a democratic governor. That's all that matters to him.
Bet Hillary wouldn't have denied it.
All the disasters that have a occurred the beginning of his presidency haven't been addressed. What a guy!
These atre the people who voted FOR you JAGOFF
@GT_TeamGT @CongressmanGT and still you remain silent, Glen Thompson.  Shame on you. Your last term!
did they think he really would?  He needs to be put in about 2 feet of snow for about forever.
Republicans just lost Pennsylvania.
A real president, a real man, does not ever deny a request from a governor for Federal Disaster Relief.
Hmmm did those Pennsylvanians vote for Treasonous Trump
I'm shocked a state suffering a disastrous storm could be ineligible for fed funds b/c pres doesn't FEEL LIKE calling it a federal disaster
Thanks to fellow PA baffoons who helped vote this idiotic, vile human into office!
Really? @GOP @SpeakerRyan you're cool with this too? These are our people, our country they need help!!
Get him out..force Senate to get them papers of impeachment..Stop telling and start doing..just saying..We WANT ACTION!
COUP COUP COUP
It SNOWS in PENN
#TrumpIsAnIdiotAsPOTUS
Disgraceful
Look-from beginning blue voters could see thru this guy whos all about himself not Amer. Red voters must rise & make their Cong reps change
Freeze all Trump govt actions to stop further destruction of democracy and country. We must stop him now before he acquires more power
Bob, fight back with all your might! We are behind you in your stand against Trump & corrupt admin/GOP #Impeach
#RussianCollusion #Jail
Seriously? It's a snowstorm, @GovernorTomWolf didn't declare disaster, so why should Feds?  Now, NC floods, that's a disaster #realproblems
has anybody noticed @POTUS has not addressed any of the recent loss of life in Midwest floods &storms??
And how is @SenToomey responding to this news? I suspect he will say nothing.
@SenToomey I think @SenToomey should ask @Potus for federal disaster relief seeing as GOP buddies
Didn't most of these counties vote for him?
the POTUS doesn't give a damn about our state even though it carried him to victory.
He needs the money for more Mar-A-Lardo trips...
Doing the same to NC and the counties that supported him
Good!  The govt. ( taxpayers) can't take of ALL things!  Tax Pa. people more...yeah that'll work .  I'll vote WAGNER.
Trump doesn't care about anyone but himself, his greedy bunch of brat offspring and how much he can line his own accounts. Tired of him
you do know it wasn't Trump but Robert Fenton who was appointed by Obama the head of FEMA! Stop with the BS!
When will these people realize trump is all about himself and he was never going to anything for them.
Hey PA, glad we voted Trump now, aren't we? He's looking after us like he promised, right? Of course, he is kinda busy with his Russia pals
You voted for him North Carolina.  So bend over, you are about to be Trumped.
Send his boy @SenToomey over to talk with him.
Suckers.
So where is The world is Senator Toomey?
In the bushes with Spicer...
Thanks Mr. "President". I know u are hard at work golfing so reading a note about a storm is no big deal. Go back to golfing, we will be ok.
Yet the people in PA voted for him. He won't help any state that is need of help from a disaster
And Pennsylvania is a Huge reason he is in office
Aetna is pulling out of ALL Obamacare exchanges by 2018.  Premiums & deaths will skyrocket.  Comments Senator??
Putin's orange puppet didn't take care of those that got him elected?Shocking.Probably saving $$ for a good defense attorney!
trump sucks
Isn't it the state of PA responsibility to budget for this?  It's not like snow in pa is a surprise.
What?
What? Disgustig
Why would you go the Feds before the people of the state?post these counties budgets and how they allocate their money first..
Political payback simply because @GovernorTomWolf is a Democrat? 
And Governor Wolf helped those people here st the airports when Trump started his ban crap
He and his gop comrad so need to be ousted
The Comrad cares about Russia
And they voted for him too! Maybe if they learned Russian.......
Wolfe asked for 10 million to provide free narcan for heroin addicts.... perhaps that money could have spent on snow removal.
?????
When are we going to start winning here in NEPA?
Apparently when hell freezes over!
I guess none of you know how the federal disaster requirements work? Has to lose homes, belongings, economic fallout.
Has that even happened before?
YOUR A PHONY AND A TRAITOR CASSEY AND YOU WILL BE REMOVED FROM OFFICE FOR YOUR LIES AND FAKE NEWS.
Are u happy now Luzerne County?! Can u see now that we were right?! He is/always will be a con artist and completely played you! #suckers
Don't forget the ENDLESS golfing.
So much for trump supporting the ppl of Pennsylvania. They won't forget come election time.
I'm not too sure about that. They've ignored or made excuses for everything else.
But we can pay for @potus MULTITUDE OF GOLF OUTINGS! How do you like that Pennsylvanians!
Shameful, as usual.
#impeachtrumpnow #TheResistance
: Rust Belt been Svengalied once again by Trump's  Vindictive  Charm.
Horrible. And those are counties that went for 45. But we have Dem Governor Wolf and sanctuary cities/campuses, so pffffft, apparently.
See monthly separation costs to maintain FLOTUS in NYC. Far, far away from her spouse.
Maybe the Commonwealth should be more responsible with out tax money. It's not like PA isn't in snow country and should plan for this.
NC too
I saw that earlier. I know NC folks are doing all u can to help your own rebuild, but you all deserve help too.  PA. knows your pain.
He doesn't really care about NEPA; only when it's politically useful to him.
I'm sure Sen. Casey it has a lot to do with the fact that our Gov. Is a Dem.
He lied to coal country time and time again. It breaks my heart. Citizens of NEPA deserve better.
And steel country. Stood in Johnstown and promised to bring back the steel industry. And they fell for it. 
Storms are sent by God, but when we respond correctly He hides a smiling face.
Maybe that region should ask for the wisdom from a higher authority to show them how to better steward their responsibility.
NEPA handed him the election just like Comey did. Trump is the master of backstabbing.
A sure way to get resources from the federal agencies under this "leader" is to make sure that it has a Trump Property on it.
@NoFascistsPls @realDonaldTrump @fox43 Apparently he doesn't care unless he has a financial investment there.
I know he's trying to stick it to a democrat governor, but the counties listed are most likely Trump voters. What an idiot!
All you Pennsylvanians who sold out your souls and voted the con man in, how's that working for ya?
Senator, Trump doesn't care about anybody or anything unless it's about himself. I have yet to see him help any state with natural disasters
Does @SenToomey share your outrage?
 he's hiding somewhere, watching his back because he knows he should be doing his job.  He isn't.
He needs it for his golf trip
.@SenBobCasey .@realDonaldTrump @fox43 
Good .@GovernorTomWolf  #Fail #PA #VoteThemOut
Good? How is no helping people good?
Those counties are filled to the brim with tRump supporters. That's a 45 THANK YOU!
I giver zero shits about those people. They deserve it.
Idiot
I thought he loved PA!
It plays well in rallies to rile up his supporters & they fall for it. He only cares for himself.
But didn't @realDonaldTrump just say at his 100 day rally that he Loved Pennsylvania? - unless you have a disaster, then you're on your own.
Sure he does
you know the state full of folks who vote for you lol #TrailerTrashTrump (look away from the name calling @SenBobCasey ) angry moment for me
Our Sr. Sen. Is chair of Sen. Intelligence Comm, Burr, and both out Senators are R's
Yes, that is correct. Duh! Our new gov is a Democrat
Great leader, what do you expect from a president that spends taxpayer money to golf every weekend so he can promote his brand. Disgusting
So much compassion- hopefully, so little time...left.
Let's be honest, he's not making any actual decisions...he doesn't understand any of this at all.
