He never should have been in the White House to begin with and his departure is welcome news.
Rejecting Steve Bannon is just one step, @POTUS must unequivocally condemn and reject the so-called "alt-right" and their hateful ideology.
Like you've condemned BLM & Antifa? All political all the time right?
Senator the ball is in your court and capital hill.  You ALL lead & we will follow! It's time for the gov., TO DO THE RIGHT THING!
Senator Bob Casey is a liter and a man of no honor.
Shut up senator. You are using race to divide us
Is that a fact? Please message me the evidence as my representative of the great state of PA....
Just because an arsonist is found among a group of firemen, doesn't mean all firemen are arsonists. Quit spreading your propaganda. #LOU2018
Which is why spending six months in the white house with all those secrets is disturbing
He is a racist prick just like the potus
FALSE You are lying.  Give Bannon white nationalist quotes.  U following Democrat, Media lies. Aaron Klein, associate:  "False"
What about the old saying if you don't have something positive to say don't say it.
Lets be clear, White Nationalists are Nazi's. To quote Erasmus, "Call a spade a spade".
It's truly shamefull that a U.S. Senator doesn't know what a nationalist is. You're a nationalist too, if you love country.
Correction: IS
U cannot be a bigger A-hole
http://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/16/robert-e-lees-family-just-gave-unexpected-response-trumps-charlottesville-controversy/ …
@sadieark not was, is.  Bannon is back at Breitbart
I fear for the lives of our youth. They are at college being propagandized instead of educated. Told WHAT to think, instead of HOW to think!
Tell us how bad Pa was when your dad left it in shambles, broke,racism, murder rates at all time highs..PA has had enough of crooks #2018
And as a Political Adviser to Donald Trump, Steve Bannon was a purveyor of white nationalist prop...oh wait a minute...I'm seeing a pattern.
will you stop the lies? Democrats were all KKK. Stop the nonsense!
Thank goodness he is not at the WH anylonger
And will be again.
True
That's a lie promoted by Democrats
How about focusing on healthcare and good jobs for PA hardworking families? Instead you use a tragedy to score political points. Garbage!
And you are the complete opposite? Does that make both of you wrong?
And he is going to be more dangerous now... He's not going anywhere!
Bob Casey, just shut up. Think we Pennsylvanians listen to what you say? We don't want to hear a word out of you. Goodbye in 2018.
That didn't stop when he was in the Whitehouse! Think about that
Yeah, he told the truth.
I'm a 100% sure there is enough criminal conduct at Breitbart to shut them down.  We need a very serious investigation.
I hope @BreitbartNews sues you for libel.
#Breitbart #Bannon White nationalist propaganda? Are you calling the kettle black @SenBobCaseyHere's your adviser
#HomelandSecurityCmte hearing CounteringViolentExtremism w/PathologicalLiar & MuslimBasher #AyaanHirsiAliExposé 
https://youtu.be/4RL3AKonYAE 
and it appears he will be again. At least he's out of our house
Thanks for informing us we are not real smart without yalls help
And unfortunately he will be again.
The moon is just the right distance away for its size to cover the whole disk of the sun on Monday. #ApparentlyWeAreTweetingRandomFacts
What are your plans after you're dumped by your base at the next vote? Selling pencils on a street corner? Good luck.
Still playing a trade policy role in WH is Pete Navarro, China hawk &  Bannon’s closest allies in battles w/ pro-business trade moderates.
He's NOT gone until 45 is gone...
Freedom of speech! God bless America
oh, we know.....
your crazy and a liar @SenBobCasey
No he wasn't yor a grand stander where were you when Obama invited black lives matter to the White House your out of touch with an.
What site is your go to , Senator? Huffpo?
Link to an example, its soooo easy to call someone racist nowadays but as an elected official you should be held to higher standards. Link!
It's about to get a lot more complicated. Bannon pushing more if his hate & lies using his WH credentials!
pure unmitigated nonsense purveyed by a man who intellect rivals dog droppings...YOU!
Now time to #FireMiller and #FireGorka and the whole Breitbart crew -- all promote white nationalist agenda.
Oh no. Now you've realized what you've done. Too bad. Breitbart has some nervous.
My senator.
So is Trump. The fish rots from the head.
There's a lot more evil in that WH
Those lowlife are plotting to destroy a reputation in world.
It all about greed. Just wait & see
There is hope
False!!!!
Gorka and Miller need to go, as well...@realDonaldTrump
Are you actually a US Senator? Amazing.
And will be so again. He will remain dangerous, now that the genie is out of the bottle.
And you don't think YOU ARE SPEWING WHITE PROPAGANDA WITH THIS THREAD?
"If the left is focused on race and identity, and we go with economic nationalism, we can crush the Democrats.” - Steve Bannon  2/2
Bannon did say “The Democrats, the longer they talk about identity politics, I got ’em. I want them to talk about racism every day." 1/2
Your constituents are hurting. Broken ACA you refuse to address or fix. High taxes on the middle class. Pennsylvania 46th in job growth.
I don't believe that Donald &  Bannon will ever end their relationship as long as there are phones!
I implore the U.S. House of Representatives to fire POS Trump immediately or they shall face the electoral consequences.
Hope you can prove that libel. I didn't like the guy either.
You need to stop your rheortic now, Senator. Just let him go. Your comments are not helpful at all
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you Senator. MORE LIKE THIS.

Not a shred of evidence for the DNC talking points you are parroting.
Obvious you never read his stuff or listened to his show.  Funny he hired Muslims and Jews and African American people to work for him.
Your the one who needs to go !
It would be so good if just once you supported your country !
Which must have pissed Trump off, because he wanted to do it
One down, four more known racists and white supremists to go - Trump, Sessions, Gorka, Miller.
Trump is irresponsible and unfit in addition to being a racist. Trump must go
This is a window dressing change. Donald isn't rejecting the ideology. This is all PR. Y'all stay focused.
And you a cog in the wheel of racism
And you are a Traitor.
Trump New Spokesman 2017 for Recruiting White Male Supremacists for Murderous Terrorists Televised Children Watched TRUMP MUST RESIGN@POTUS
Guess it will be back to business.
Wrong again. Not a globalist, NWO guy.
Propose the statues stay where they are but build accompanying plaque exposing their evils for students to tour and study history. Do it pls
Bob. So is the president that the people are serving. He's the leader. What will happen to us with the man that admitted 2 loving NAZIS
We need to cut out the source of this cancer- @realDonaldTrump. From PA-18 15017.
Can't wait until Lou takes your seat.
And what were the Clintons?
It's Fox News via Hannity and others propagandists in right wing media pushing the "violent left" narrative to.
You just didn't understand and don't understand the conservative view .
And, apparently, will return to same.
Trump is also a purveyor of white nationalist propaganda. You need to remove him from office, Senator.
so are you bob. You've done nothing for minorities.
Demand Trump fire him and the other white supremacist in his inner circle--Gorka & Miller. We rely on your strength & integrity now.
He will probably sue you for slander.  You got something to back that up!?
I wonder if they can prove everything bad there saying here prove it I say! They can't it's made up lies I think.
Glad Bannon is out
Senator, I don't think WAS has ever been the correct verb. Never moved from IS the.
bye bye Bannon.. Yipee!! WooHoo!! it may be a baby step, but it's progress just the same!!
I hope that #SteveBannon sees this and sues you for slander
It's not slander if it's true. #SteveBannon would even agree.
It's slander and CNN knows it. None of the accusations made by this so-called news organization can be supported with evidence.
Bannon's own words: "We're the platform for the alt-right." He embraces it.
Prove it.
Just did. Look it up.
I want to see it!

Bannon is now unleashed to spread hate, racism and bigotry w/o constraints of WH. Still yelling in trump's ear. People beware. #Impeach45
That is not the truth and You senator are feeding hate that could result in violence. Stop hate! @SenateGOP @SenateDems @POTUS @seanhannity
Yes he is! Now for the rest of them time to cull the herd
Bannon's propaganda machine also helped orchestrate online rape and death threats against women during Gamergate.
You're a @AIPAC owned Israel puppet that's too spineless to confront the domestic terrorists infiltrating our nation.
Kiss Antifa's ass.
Bannon can go back to his true avocation, marching with his KlansKin.
As a White House aide, Steve Bannon was a purveyor of white nationalist propaganda.
"Was"??? Correct that "IS" Just because he's fired doesn't mean the hate will stop. 

#25thAmendment #Impeach
. Was, is, and will be.  @terri_georgia
Is race baiting part of "A Better Deal"?
Hope Gorka and Miller next. Then Trump. An old leopard is not going to change his spots. It is who he is
Don't get too excited. This is Trump. There's a bigger plan afoot.
Just because he fired Bannon does not mean he is not whispering on his ear.
The "prez" is a purveyor of white nationalist propaganda!
A President who would take on such an advisor has no place in the White House.
Frankly, I'm very uneasy that this creep, who had access to some of the nation's top classified information, has now been turned loose.
You could be replaced by a parrot. Same verbiage, equally effective.
IMPEACH TRUMP. He's unfit to lead. Always was, always will be.
#UnfitForOffice
Well, there's reports he's going back there, and judging by all the ass kissing from former Trumpsters, can we expect anything different?
You should look into #DNC's backyard first:
Black Lives Matter Terrorist
Al Sharpton calls for killing
of white people and cops 

…
He’s going to go back and do that with miller and Gorka still in the White House
And will likely purvey more of it when he returns to Brietbart.
Ur purveyer of lobbyists in ur back pocket
Ding Dong Bannon @SenBobCasey @TuesdaysToomey
Quite right, Senator. Now, please speak out that they #FireMiller #FireGorka.
thank you Senator Casey for taking care of all of us in Pennsylvania
Thank you
Good start!  Aim higher.
Miller and Gorka must go too!
Gorka needs to go as well
Stephen Miller Bannons boy is the most stupid of them all flashing the Klan sign in the press room always.
He's no longer in the WH.
