I'm truly scared sir.  I am like paralyzed with fear.  There is no plan C for myself and others.  Death Housing Amendment for throw aways?
You can calm down now. Casey is scaring you for no good reason except to get attention for his re-election. PA will have more to help you w/
Many have it 100 x worse than I do.  I'm only 50, Female, poor, and very sick.  I'm not getting extra from PA now.  If anyone gets help, 1/
You're not getting more from PA now because of Obamacare and Senator Casey. This new bill will open funds in PA for severe cases like you.
Oh you don't KNOW anything.  I got medicaid before Corbett.  Then not.  And as we know, there are many GOP reps in the State Capital.
I suggest you try it out for yourself before you judge or spread false information.  I am an RN.  I saw both sides of this issu.
I am a P. A. And husband a surgeon. Ppl r not able to get surgery due to Out of Pocket costs and hi monthly prems. ObamaCare failed millions
You are so unethical
I'm an RN.  I worked with two non profit hospitals. I see you.  But I have no strength to deal with your spin.
You should be supporting Rep. Tim Murphy then. Murphy, a phycologist, created a landmark bill to address this issue. Casey opposed. #fraud
Casey was not in favor on first draft. He was shamed into it. Point is Murphy & Reps are finding solutions here, not Casey!
Oh, for crying out loud. Look into the 21st Century Cures Act that just passed. Keep up.
Hipocrisy=voting yea on ACA knowing it would fail,rhetoric against a bill before he sees it, in office decades b4 21st Cent w/o ANY solution
You didn't seem to have any issues when Democrats did the exact same thing & pushed this colossal mess through the first time. #ReplaceCasey
Really? So then why did they need to sign the bill to find out what was in the bill?
#PelosiHypocrisy
Go for it...they didn't have time to actually read the bill before the vote.
#FilibusterByAmendment There's no other option. Talking, statements won't do it, they choose party over country...
You mean the Democrats right?
Un-american and unconstitutional.
It's really not a way to govern! Why isn't the goal to make the system better, get everyone covered? Instead, GOP talks tax breaks for a few
There is a portion of our population that simply believes that poor people do not deserve free healthcare.
They feel it is the lower classes fault that they are poor.
And a few of these are actual legislators.
#ShowUsTheBill #HoldtheFloor #SaveMyHealthcare
They seem to forget the Nancy Pelosi  comment "You got ro approve the Oboma Care Bill to see whats in it "
Two wrongs and all that...
We are with YOU Senator 
What a hypocrite 8 years ago Dems N secret did same thing when they destroyed R healthcare system We won't know whats in it till we pass it
No. That is false. Dems had many open sessions and consultation and incorporated a huge number of GOP amendments
No Repub help or advice, Repub suggestions scrubbed after failure of Gang of 6 with time running out Dems shoved this mess down our throats
13 of them. And one of 'em is @SenToomey (supposedly. We're not sure since he seemed to have disappeared off the face of PA's map...)
Casey's rhetoric is meant to scare.This is THE PROCESS before bill goes to the floor.W/ re-election looming,He wants u 2 think he's working
Keep it up Senator!
But wait...that's how Obamacare was born..."we can't read it until we vote on it" sound familiar Mr. Casey?
Can you do something positive to help the people other than being critical?
And hypocrisy of saying ACA was done in secret gives an awful stench.
Doesn't seem to bother the people of Georgia. Are liberals totally failing in passing the message to the people of this country?
As a liberal I don't think the party knows what the message is.
at the same Tim though isn't that how most laws are written and proposed small group works on an idea the tells everybody else
Yep. Casey is scaring people in order to gain attention for his re-election. He's  a fraud.
TrumpCare=I-Don't-Give-a-Crap-About-You-Unless-You're-Rich. How much  money do these people need?! Bleed more from the poor & give to rich.
You democrats did it with Obamacare. Your democrats giant Hippocrates huge!!!!!
Just like harry reid did 8 years ago. Funny you were ok with that strategy then. Please Senator, stop your hypocrisy.
That's what happened wit Obamacare repeal replace Obamacare.
We must insist on transparency and hold our elected officials accountable @MikeReganPA @SenToomey
thank you for all you do my life hangs in the balance.
occurred to me while listening to you ACA never ever removed anything that people already had. Trump's bill will take away!
Oh you mean EXACTLY how #dems did it in 2010? Hypocrites
Should be illegal, not just the wrong way to govern! ILLEGAL!
Not saying that is right Bob.  But let's not forget how the ACA passed. Only Dem votes & "you have to pass it to see what's in it" - Pelosi
That isn't what you said when Obama care was being drafted by leftist elites
That's not how our Democracy was intended to work.  They are forming a Dictatorship with actions like this.
Funny when the Dems did the exact same thing w/Obamacare it was ok then??!?
that's because all you Dems will do is obstruct.
I wish you were half as critical of the passage of #Obamacare

What a joke.  Complete hypocrite.  #VoteCaseyOut
Its wouldn't surprise me if the dumb people of Pennsylvania don't re elect a decent God faring Man like Bob Casey.
They don't seek to govern, they seek to rule.
Don't talk too these heartless People who just elected a woman who wants Poor children born into hell on earth.
Too bad not in California -they'd be violating the Brown Act.
Go tell it to Nancy Pelosi.
This is how GOPers Govern. Selling us out for the 2% who buy them out on an annual basis. Me first, is their mind set.
Stay on target....
Passing ObamaCare on Christmas Eve without the GOP ring a bell????
Your strong words were reassuring, someone will speak for an effective healthcare bill!  Thanks hardly seems enough!
I share your conviction
and a large group of insurance lobbyists! You had Jonathan Gruber they have insurance leeches, & Americans are just as screwed. U all suck!
Sen Casey your party did worse when u Supported ObamaCare. Pelosi, we have to pass it to read it!  U r a slimy hypocrite and need to go!
Sounds like how Obamacare was passed right? We have to pass it to see what's in it ~~~~Pelosi.  Now you are screaming.
The sky is falling!!!  The sky is falling!!!!!
Shut up and sit down Bob.
Thank you, Senator Casey
Why do you people believe Senator Casey?  Because you're Democrats?   He is fear mongering!
A bill written in secret is inherently flawed. #NoHearingNoVote #ShowUsTheBill Conduct due diligence, Sens. #StopTrumpcare #SaveMedicaid
Perhaps it is poor governance. Alternatively, it could be that they simply do not want to publish a bad rough draft.
Where were the public hearings for the ACA Bob??? #passitthenreadit
Pls stop Senate business until they #ShowUsTheBill
Well you idiots failed when you wrote it the first time.

A better way is to create a Rube Goldberg machine that reveals what it does when the bill passes! #We'llKnowWhat'sInTheBillWhenWePassIt
But it's okay if the Dems do it. #democratprivilege
Do something about it.
#HoldTheFloor as long as it takes
HOW is THAT even LEGAL?????
what about "of the people, by the people, FOR the PEOPLE" ??????
monsters in the dark destroying USA
Amen, and thank you @SenBobCasey!
Paybacks are tough
That is not healthcare at all.  It is the larceny that is being committed by the republicans.
Are you ready to withhold consent and filibuster by amendment?
Maybe they took notes from Pelosi during the Democrats writing of Obamacare
@SenToomey, why the secrecy?  What u hiding?  Don't forget u, GOP congress & @realDonaldTrump will TOTALLY OWN this disaster in the making!
Actually, the lobbyists are rewriting the law. The Senators are simply spending the lobbyists money.
Thank God it's not Hillary!
@Honey17011  this is no longer a democracy
Secret --they will not let you in on the special knock??
So in like dems did the identical think with aca. pA hates you
It's no longer a democracy when lawmakers ignore any opposition and the American public rights!
Thank you @SenBobCasey #NoHearingNoVote
Bunch of douchbag republicans.    I can't view the video but I am aware of what is going on with this evil bunch.
More grandstanding by Bob Casey--the guy that voted FOR the disaster that was Obamacare. YOU HAVE NO CREDIBILITY, Senator. SIT DOWN. #fraud
isn't there a law of process? if not Introduce One!
Yes and it's being followed. Casey is scaring you on purpose to get attention for his re-election next yr. Research for yourself. #fraud
no it is not being followed, open public...i am NOT questioning from fear, he is sharing the experience of his constituents, i am one
i am disabled, i have 2 children taking life sustaining meds who work and go to college, they will be NON functioning without medicaid
That isn't going to happen. So THAT is why Casey is scaring you for no good reason. The states will have more for people like you. #helies
Are they writing it or are the health care and drug companies writing ! In any case it's not for the good of most.
Yes the same faith was asked of us when the Dems, your colleagues, asked us to vote for ACA, without being allowed to see or read it. #shame
You mean like we have to pass it to know what's in it
My Indivisible group emailing and calling Toomey every day.
We elected them to representative the people of America not to do what they are doing to us!!!
Secrets are never good. What happened to Trump's plan for the best healthcare for the lowest cost that would cover everyone?
@POTUS is a con man, he said whatever he felt would get him elected.  It's beyond sad that people fell for it.
Keep going Senator! PA is behind you
The part that doesn't live in a double wide at least
Learned from the Dems the last time around...
Senator, you're just as guilty as the GOP.
Part of the swamp...both Parties!
This is an atrocity. Shame on the Republicans.
Control is intoxicating. Especially when you have self-esteem issues like the GOP. Drinking the country to it's demise. Oligarchy up next.
I agree! Why the secrecy? Ashamed of its contents OR just "GREEDY 4 TAX BREAKS?"
I  think they're taking the "COWARDS" way out! Is their health care  options  going  2 B the same as ours?  I think NOT! I'm changing 2 Dem!
U go girl.  Welcome!
We have 100 senators,  NOT 13. Legislation without representation is TYRANNY!
Helloooooooooo! It's in committee. Just like ACA it will be brought to the floor. Casey is grandstanding during his election cycle. #fraud
It is if you live in an autocracy...
what can be done to stop all this? Seems like our entire Democracy &  Checks & Balances System have collapsed!
Bob, I believe they are writing a tax bill that will touch on health care.
This just in...
Thank you for your leadership.

oh kind of like what you clowns did. Don't complain when you jerks did the same thing.  This is why people hate politicians.
Together what percentage of the population do these communist senators represent? 10% of flyover country?
More like the America where the addresses don't contain "Lot", "Pad" or "Trailer".
Even WaPost says single payer would add $23 Trillion more 2 the costs even Bernie was smart enough not 2 push it last year. Fix HC do Ur job
Don't we have something called the Sunshine act?
my HC went from 500 debuct & 5000  year 2 1500 deduct & $15000 year where is my $2500 a year lower cost? You guys want & wanted single payer
They learned that tactic from the democrats.
Meanwhile the WH claims you and other Dem senators are not interested
Again who said we don't what's in it but let's pass it then we'll see what in it
Let's know and remember all who participate in this shame of a sham.
Thank You Senator. As the Republican idiots what happened to democracy for me.
Amen Senator, Amen.
It's embarrassing but remember no evil deed will go unpunished! Eventually they will all pay for their disguised tax break for the rich.
Thank you!!
Block them. Stop them.
“This massive piece of legislation is being written behind closed doors without input from anyone" Sen McConnell 2009 referring to Obamacare
McConnell was lying
