THANKS from a fellow Pennsylvanian for standing up for our American values. We have your back and will continue our resistance
Thank you for fighting. We are with you.
Appreciate your dedication. Thank you for always listening to your constituents and voting for what is best for ALL.
That's the problem. U fight 2 much.
Thank YOU! We're watching and so far, we're proud (mostly, except Sanders amendment).
Actually Senator Casey it's our Fault for not giving Democrats the majority in the Senate. So just keep up the fight until 2020
sir, never let it not be said that YOU ROCK! ♡♡♡
I have to support and be impressed with a man that writes a hand written note! Thank you #goodmannersmatter #etiquette #Resist
#proudtobefrompa
Get some rest Senator  - we're still w/ u when u awake
we'll be right here fighting along with you.
your twitter feed is good.  Bring some of that energy over to Facebook.
#FPatToomey
Thank YOU!
WE DIDN'T LOSE THEY HEARD US LOUD AND CLEAR, NOW WE NEED A CHANGE OF SEATS IN CONGRESS TO GURENTEE THEY CAN'T DO THIS ANYMORE
you make me proud to be a lifelong PA resident and voter!
:thank you for standing your ground
if you really want to fight for children, you need to start fighting for the children in the womb.
Bobby boy, don't you mean the unions??
We will keep fighting with you. Thank you, Senator!
thank you
Will you support school choice and vouchers that will enable children to attend the schools of their choice?
so sad this woman is over our educ. Now we must stop vouchers/systems she promotes. Have a daughter who teaches 4th. Deserving
Thank you, Senator. Now we have Sessions, too. We'll keep the pressure on.
Thank you for responding!
Thank you Sen.Casey. We Pennsylvanians stick together for our Children. Ourselves and our Constitution. God Bless U.
Thank you for being a senator that all Pennsylvanians can be proud of!
trolling for vote. This is Hypocrisy. We do not need to know everything you  do. Wake up  people...
Speak for yourself! I'm thrilled to have a Senator that represents me and is engaged with his constituency.
oh yes why not,  "empty barrels makes the greatest noise"
If you aren't interested in frequent updates like the rest of us, you always have the option of unfollowing...
Let  him just  do his  job and let  his record  speak  for  itself,
Aside from digging through some crappily-designed .gov website, how do you propose I KNOW his record otherwise?
Good product  sells itself. Let another blow his trumpet not him.
Thank you for fighting!
doing all Pennsylvanians a great service
Thank you for your work on behalf of Pennsylvanians. #PAProud
Thanks for the note.
Thank you for standing up for us!
right with you bob casey!
Thank you Senator Casey!
#realPA
really admire all you tried to do. Thank you Senator- you will def get my vote next election
Thank you again, Sen. Casey!
Are you also going to fight for all the unborn children that are murdered from abortions?
You are the people's senator, and you are appreciated.  #StayStrong
THANK YOU AGAIN.  HOPE WE HAVE THE FIGHT IN PA AGAINST DEVOS
Thank You for speaking out for those of us who voted & protest but can't speak in congress
Thank you for fighting for the education of my son!
How well did that work Senator? Not any true substance, just accusations. Obstruction on it's own never works.
Thank you for fighting for PA kids!
Thank YOU Senator. Keep up the fight. #proud Tobefrompa
thank you Senator Casey. You are a Class Act and Pa is proud of you. Keep fighting the good fight
@Plantflowes neither will we! Stop Sessions! Please. Say no to SCOTUS nominee!
One word to describe you Senator Casey...mensch.  So proud to have you representing us in Pennsylvania.
you stayed up all night to fight for the teachers union not the students.  Own it.  Can't wait to vote you out.
we have a fight on our hands in many fronts! Stay strong!
you're a fool that doesn't realize how badly Dems lost & killed middle-class losing large moderate labor base,just wackos left
really appreciate your voice in the Senate. Sending you and your colleagues as much strength as I can.
is that what u call what ur doing.  Got to go on 2018. Ur as bad as hillary
glad at least one senator from Pa listens to the constituents and does what is best for PA and the country - unlike @SenToomey
Thank you for fighting and all that you continue to do.  Proud to call you my senator.
Keep fighting #ProudDemocrat
If you would only fight as hard for our children as you REALLY do for the unions. Or just be honest, for once.
Hard to claim the moral high when spewing hate and fear. PA is not afraid. We trust God and constitution. Just need maturity.
All over P.A. there is a sign that says, "hate has no home here." Yet hate pours off yours supporters. Sad, very sad.
You are well spoken but your arguments are "what if's." If there is a real issue, fight it. You look like a fish out of water.
THANK YOU 
r u sick of hearing from me yet! Lol! Keep fighting we need ur voice our other senator is $60k worthless . . . I'm b kind sen
Thank you Bob, please keep voting NO on all of @realDonaldTrump's nominees!
Good cause we're counting on you!
"The vote may be over but today we begin holding Betsy DeVos accountable and I promise to lead the charge."  Bravo!
Thank you Sir. You have my respect and support.
Thank you for serving your constituents! and thanks for the Nordstrom referral to @OfficeGovEthics
Thank you Senator Casey for representing Pennsylvania so diligently. I appreciate your hard work and dedication
Thank you Senator Casey for listening to your constituents and for having our backs
And thank you for being a representative of PA that we can be proud of!
thank you for fighting.
you are breath of fresh air in all this crazy .thanks from Philly
Get the "children"  word in there while both parties heap massive debt on their backs.
Thank you Senator. For standing up for us!
Now all we have to do is get rid of Toomey. He's a piss ant that needs to be stepped on.
thank you sir for fighting for us!
thank you for actually representing your constituents
Thank you for fighting for us 
you don't have to fight anymore. Children finally have their advocate Betsy DeVous
thank you for fighting for us
They are all Teachers and Union Hacks. Who care nothing about kids. So happy Betsy will take on status quo. Long overdue.
Thank you from NC 
Great!  Now let's get the Secretaries approved so this government can get to work.
You are a good man, but a bad representative. We want a government that works, not playing games.
Thank you for all of your support, Senator! Please keep fighting!
