It's not Nixonian. There is no link. Trump is not under investigation. I'm sure with all of the leaks something would have shown up by now.
The many references to Nixon & Nixonian being thrown around on cable news is hilarious, media want Watergate
You are exactly right. If there is any collusion it is between the Dems and the fake news media.
it's been 10 months, law enforcement should put up or shut up, if #Trump violated, prosecute, if not let him be
Your fin crazy
American SPOKE with  VOTE.  POTUS . We didn't hear from you when O damn near destroyed this country. Why NOT?
Really Bobby Nixonian? Fake news and fake you. Provide evidence or go do the job we elected you to do
hillary/obaba used russians to coverup dnc seth rich whistleblower to wikileaks his murder,coverup child traffcing
No special prosecutor assigned when Bill Clinton fired the FBI director during the Vince Foster investig...& there was actual evidence...
10 months of 'investigating' & NOTHING. Country fed up with Russian hoax. Give it up. Country knows Russian issue is nonsense
no, the country does not think that, we all know Trump has been involved with Russia for years and wants a "Trump Moscow" tower to be built. Trump talked with Putin 2013 during the beauty pageant about running for POTUS and a tower in Russia "quid quo pro"
Are we still a united nation? United we stand, are we still standing? Why everyone is attacking a legally elected president?
PLEASE....YOU ARE KIDDING....MORE WASTE OF TAX PAYERS MONEY!
Yea, and 1 for the Clinton foundation, 1 for Clinton's email server, 1 for the Soros-Clinton USAID State Department $ + 3 more
The special prosecutor has now been appointed.  Took long enough! Investigation will outlast tRump's time in the White House! Mark my words!
This is ridiculous, enough is enough already
This is way way worse than anything that happened in Nixon's time.  A foreign government just fired the FBI director investigating it.
Trump no longer even  tries to hide his lying
An observation about liars, they always say phrases like 'Trust Me'.  Trump is like the medicine man peddling junk from a truck, loudly!
Senator, this is far worse than Nixon and Watergate. Nixon was scum, but he didn't sell us out to Russia.
There is ZERO evidence of Trump-Russian collusion
I don't know that there is collusion--pray tell, sir, how do you know there isn't?
You mean when Senator Feinstein stated multiple times there is no evidence of collusion, she lied?
Thank you,Senator. I'm a constituent #stay the course! Ur voters r counting on your 
Don't vote on anything until special prosecutor is in place. As Mitch McConnell how to fuck up the pace of government.
check your poll numbers, buddy!
It's not just Nixonian. I've worked as a journalist & reported on coups d'état in Banana Republics & this is the kind of thing they'd do.
THANK YOU. People don't realize whats happening! This is a coup!
It's creeping up on a self-coup where the elected leader destroys democracy once in power such as Fujimori in Peru and Serrano in Guatemala.
elected leader????? THIS ELECTION WAS STOLEN
Certainly the election was shady in many ways. But he was put in power by an election (as shady as it was) rather than a military takeover.
a bloodless coup
Hang in there. The authorities have classified evidence against Trump, just a matter of time before they have enough unclassified proof.
what if he declares martial law?
IMMEDIATELY, BUT WILL THEY??
Please work across the aisle to try to ensure the preservation of our democratic principles. This issue should NOT be partisan.
IT IS PARTISAN. ONLY DEMOCRATS ARE RESISTING AND ONLY DEMOCRATS ARE CALLING FOR INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. THERE IS NO ACROSS THE AISLE.
Where were you the previous 8 years when GOP were far from partisan?   If the shoe was on the other foot, would you ask for PARTISAN?
Thank you for standing up for our State and for our Country!
were from the same state and i dont agree with u on everything  but this has to be america's top priority
Beyond Nixon, way beyond Nixon.
yeah we've had a dictator installed by a foreign power.
I'd love to sit down & have a conversation about evidence, your politics, view of the world & life in general. It would be fascinating.
Ask the Russians who were bugging the WH and who are pals with TRUMP today.
Nice blanket statement that says nothing. Funny how all this scrutiny from so many investigators in the media can't name names.
You personally attack rather than respond to my sincere requests for details. Seems you're close minded while I want to consider all sides.
Dude, 140 characters at a time will take all day.
Glad that U,SenCasey had the cajones 2 call for MrMueller as spec counsel;Dems need 2 stay on Russiagate into 2018 elections;USA needs truth
russians used as a coverupfor seth rich murder dnc whistleblower to wkileaks,comey part of coverup
There is not now nor has there ever been a "Trump/Russia" investigation. Quit making excuses for Hillary Clinton being a terrible candidate.
Yep!
That's why we need the #MarchForTruth now more than ever.
Can we move the date up a little? God knows what this guy's going to get us into in the next 3 weeks.
I get it! If my party lost the presidency, the US House, Senate and multiple State & local seats, I'd want an IP to tie government up!!
So because his party lost majority they have no rights, no voice?
How would the left like it if I pushed continually for an IP for HRC & BHO for all the things they have done - where there is real evidence?
You mean like the last 8 years when a Rep. controlled congress tried to sabotage govt. to get their way?  Like that?
Saturday Rally to Expose Trump! #Indivisible #persist
Is it too late to check into the reasons that Obama visited in  Russia?
Isn't Nixonian. The R's showed some moral, patriotic character back then.
Something needs to be done! Enough is enough! The American people need this circus to stop. The morale is at all time low!
Hitler wasn't taken serious until it was too late. #45 wants to dictate and no one is paying attention, until too late
Or the House could start impeachment proceedings.
Thanks Bob Casey,proud to have you in our court.
LOCK HER UP!!!!
We are with you all the way. In Nixon's case we had a GOP with some decency.
#investigateTrumpNow @POTUS  est dérangé @jeffsessions  ont une démence à début précoce @SenatorLankford @SenJohnMcCain @GOP
You need to not be re elected! U and gov killed thousands of jobs! Shut down one of the few mental hospitals when we have waiting lists
When have u brought just one job to this state? Let me tell u never! John Murtha was the only one who brought jobs to this state!
Tell me senator Aetna is leaving our state there r those on medicade using aetna! That kills the dental and eye care some really depend on!
Impeach NOW. What the hell are you waiting for? He's a serial liar and completely unstable. For love of God HE'S BRIGHT ORANGE!!!
You need to convince members of GOP that a special prosecutor is necessary.  That's your job now. #ComeyFiring #Trumprussia
NIXONIAN - you forgot your TIN FOIL HAT Senator.  With all due respect ?
Maybe they should investigate you
So sad  Your behavior is childish. You dems wanted comey gone when he was looking into crooked HRC. Now his firing is just another diversion
You have been a huge disappointment.  Your dad would not be proud.
The Deputy AG will be comprised forever if he allows the Trump Administration to continue this false narrative.  Rosenstein should resign.
TY! TELL UR COLLEAGUES! THEY DON'T TAKE ACTION NOW/WON'T HAVE A JOB LATER!!! @GOP #REPS #Independentinvestigatonnow
"DO WE HAVE A GOVERNMENT OF LAWS OR A GOVERNMENT OF MEN?" @GOP #REPS KEEP UR JOB4NOW MORE IMPORTANT THAN #USA? #IndependentInvestigationNow! 
Rod needs to immediately appoint his own replacement.  The DOJ should be independent and not work at the behest of the prez to fire ppl
This is nothing like Watergate you fool, but you know that. It's now known that the nexus of the Russia claim, Crowdstrike, is backtracking.
An Impeachment Investigation is a better option as opposed 2 a Special Prosecutor who will have 2 work with a Trump appointed FBI Director
Carl Bernstein:  Even Nixon didn't obstruct a legitimate National Security investigation into a hostile foreign power.
Thank you Senator. This is scary. We are paying attention & we vote.
NOT 
agree
Richard Nixon was far more savvy than Trump.
I would respectfully argue it's not Nixonian as the current GOP is colluding with the Admin. Refusing to investigate on a serious level.
Romney helped bring RU influence in2 the GOP. Mike Rogers deeply involved w/ the Romney family. Mike’s side-kick Dana Rohrabacher pro-Russia
Perhaps someone else should appoint them?
New president?
Rogers is a dangerous selection 4 head of FBI. Mike is close 2 the Romney family, who in turn, R deeply involved with high-level Russians
Saturday Night Massacre
@mountain_goats  R's never will
Isn't he in the #trumppocket?
Hey senator  bull shit
It's worse, it Clintonesque!!!  #altleft #impeachpeaches
Shut down the Senate. In every way possible. Nothing moves forward until a special prosecutor is appointed, It's that important!
Yes, it's all on Rod now. I believe he is a decent man. I hope he proves me right.
Right - 2nd coming of Nixon. Based on his statement Rosenstein can't be trusted to appt special prosecutor. What can be done?
You trust that dude to appoint someone?
You have my support! Can u pls get @SenToomey on board with this thinking as well? #COMEY #corruptAF
Shut it down Senator!
Shut the Senate down!
Sessions must recuse himself!
You guys all wanted Comey fired when he reopened the Hillary email investigation ....why the change of heart?
@realDonaldTrump Coverups.  False accusations.  Smoke & Mirrors. 
SPECIAL PROSECUTOR.
hopefully @realDonaldTrump will have a deep throat too!
It's obvious u got ur daily talking points/orders from Valerie Jarrett. Ur a joke of a "leader"!
Wait on it!
you got that right!
@itspossibly if it comes to getting spec prosecutor,at this point how could we trust anyone appointed by this man
Rosenstein must immediately explain his role in this! #Trumprussia
To do what? There is no proof of wrongdoing. Clinton on the other hand.
The American ppl cannot trust DAG to objectively appoint anyone. He's knee deep in this cover up as much as trump & sessions
No it's Clintonian. He's the only one that previously fired an FBI director.
Shut up
You really trust anyone with Rosenstein, Sessions, & Trump looking over his or her shoulder? How long have you been in DC?
Any teeth behind your use of the word "MUST" or is it just words?
except Watergate did not involve another country and the President's allegiance to the US
Taken in it's totality, it's more Stalinesque (sp)
The same investigation that hasn't come up with a scintilla of evidence against @POTUS in 9 months. Nothing to see here people.
Push the issue.
So much worse than Nixon. Nixon was not being backed by a foreign power bent on dismantling Democracy. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Oh, I KNOW that would make us all feel better, but Unfortunately, that's simply not how government corruption works...
#RussiaGate #Impeach45
This is criminal! Please do not let this go by unchallenged!
From what I understand the @GOP isn't going to let that happen.
force him to do so.
Simply put...he won't.
Doesn't there have to be a crime and evidence of one? So far we've seen NOTHING!
Problem: There are no ethical @SenateGOP or @HouseGOP members. In #Watergate, there were a few that courageously stood up to Nixon. Not here
As if that's going to happen.
FAR worse than Nixon.  Nixon had not sold us out the a foreign power.  Apples:Oranges.  I wish people posting this stuff would realize it.
we need an Independent Commission! I don't trust anyone that is  complicit in Trump's lies
Where were you when Comey made himself a judge and made his own laws.
Rosenstein may be comprimised.  We need an Independent Select Committee NOW!  AMERICA, register to vote and recruit others!!!
Ashamed to think u are a PA Senator. Didn't say JACK when Hillary as SoS approved uranium sale to Russia, but believe this Trump Russia BS.
Can you show me one piece of evidence please...no u cant..it the same old talking points...move on and stop wasting my tax $.
@jamerson_bj  what about checking the clintons linked to Russia selling them uranium and profiting
I actually see a US BRITISH CHINA RUSSIAN partnership soon to counter the EU and moslem extremism
Thank you. 
No evidence to support the appointment of a Special Prosecutor.
Note his letter does not go so far as to rec. Comey be fired! He was complicit in being used. Appointing SP may improve his Cred
Your a fool! You mean Hilary Clinton investigation. There is no there there get over it. She broke 25 fed laws DA
yes, and that prosecutor can also investigate all the corruption behind the DNC and Hillary's emails.
Even MORE Nixonian, @realDonaldTrump appears today with Henry Kissinger?
If Rosenstein appoints a special prosecutor he will likely be the next tine fired.
If you weren't so jaded, you'd demand that PODESTA-HILLARY-RUSSIA connection be investigated.
Diane Feinstein, James Clapper and others have admitted there's "no evidence" of Trump collusion with Russia.  Give it up.
I'd prefer the criminal activity of Hillary Clinton be looked at first.  National security is much more important than ur rumor mongering.
No proof of  collusion or wrong doing by POTUS. AMERICA is on to the Green Blob.
Ridiculous. Try telling the truth and stop this partisan nonsense that is destroying the Country. You are a traitor to pledge you took.
Thank you senator
N. Never fired @FBI  Dirc. This is worse, #colludingwithRussia
one for #Russia one for #HillaryEmails one for #clintonfoundation one for #leaks one for #unmasking & one for #DNCFraudLawsuit
Thank you for working to clear up this Trump/Russia mess. 
And should also appoint one for HRC right? What say you on that Senator?
That's the obvious solution, but deputy AG( don't be fooled, Sessions isn't recused)carrying MANGO MUSSOLINI's water won't assign prosecutor
Yes! Agreed. We need a special prosecutor, STAT!
Pure Nixonian. GOP must choose COUNTRY over PARTY now to save themselves. Deputy AG now engineering a coverup per Sessions recusal breach.
Amen! Thank you Senator Casey. Keep pushing. This is a very scary time for our country. Try to convince @SenToomey to be a patriot
Stop with this "Nixonian" crap already!
No we do not need Trumps people involved!
GOP don't work to ethical standards they'll do anything to protect themselves. Next appointee will be instructed to shut all investigations.
Thanks for being an early and strong voice against this chilling abrogation of the executive office
Hey Bob don't worry after your defeated next year u won't have to worry about it, besides are you saying the rest of the FBI is incompetent
While you are at it, first determine if he is president. Cheating to win, especially collusion with other nations quid pro quo, I think not.
you're a partisan hack & I can't wait to vote against you. A vote against Bob Casey is a vote against the democrat party establishment!
Foolish talking point. But don't stop!
Thank you!  Yes appointing a special prosecutor is the right thing to do!
MUST HAVE independent investigation!! Insist.Don't let it go. He's running scared, getting rid of anybody that can expose him. #ImpeachTrump
These people in the oval office need to be held accountable, their corruption is blatant, unethical, immoral & grotesque.
Mr. Rosenstein has sold his soul.
Please keep fighting for this. We need to restore the people's faith in our government and this investigation is an essential part of that.
#OCCUPYDC we are coming for the 'a head! Power to the people this lunatic is destroying America
YES! Thank you for saying this & thank you for being my rep.
FBI under Comey stood for: Fumbling, Bumbling & Incompetent.
Stop with the drama.  Comey was toxic.  Should have been fired after - pick one: Fort Hood, Boston bombing or Orlando? Good riddance
he doesnt have to!
Testimony yesterday No Collusion. Stop waisting tax payers money Casey!!
Why?
Yes.But you know he won't... so what's our fallback plan?

When even the Nixon Library is saying "Hey, leave us out of it," you know you have a problem.
Is Rod Rosenstein a person with integrity whom we can trust to do the right thing?
Can't wait till we vote your ass out Bobby. You've been a do nothing fear monger who has done nothing but take our money for way too long.
just cause you say it is doesn't make it that way?
How many times do we need to hear there is no evidence of collusion. Stop the hate & do your damn jobEnough already Fed-Up ugh
Since Jeff Session has recused himself from any investigation, has he the right to 'advise' POTUS to fire the FBI Director?
I don't think Rosenstein should be the person choosing the special prosecutor, we need to be certain of this person's independence
I'm sure the Nixon family is rejoicing that Richard is no longer considered the most corrupt President in US History
There is no Russia story. Focus on jobs and the us
All politics and no substance. Following your dim marching orders. Dims have no positive plan for the country and the people. Sore losers!
