New Senate health bill has exemption for Congress's own health coverage. https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
Thank you Senator Casey!
"All animals are equal, but some animals are more equal than others..."
@SenToomey Sorry but the elected officials should be required to be under the same plan as their supervisors, i.e. citizens.

Get PA prepared and join forces with Cali on single payer.
You do realize that this includes YOU, senator! Can't wait to vote you out!
Wendy, you need to vote the other guy out.He's the one that wrote this crap legislation! Casey's just warning us about Toomey's treachery.
They're paid by the taxpayers and should not have anything better, than the rest of us!!
It's ok bob you won't be exempted for long as a retired senator bye bye in 2018
Unbelievable! No shame at all. A complete sense of entitlement. You should take care of us, not us take care of you! #VoteThemOut18
Said from day 1
Want to fix healthcare?
Make it law that government MUST use same system
Dont take theirs away
Just make'em use ours!
FIXED!
Until now Senator never heard you complaining before about the taxpayers subsidizing healthcare for you millionaire senators/congresssman.
So how do we stop it
Yeah, and so does the crap system you gave us.
They've done it before. This should come as no surprise. Raise as much hell as possible.
Amendment 28: Congress shall pass no law that does not apply to each member of Congress as it does to all other citizens of the US.
The GOP wants to enact the agenda of an illegitimate and traitorous president. They do so at their own political peril.

Because we/I don't matter.
Yes can we have congress health care??????
You must pass it to find out what is in it!!!!  
Worked last time.
Please, please don't vote yes on the revised healthcare bill. It's cruel,& inhumane. If US citizens have become a burden find a gentler way.
@robportman @RonJohnsonWI @DeanHeller @marcorubio @SenCapito @JohnCornyn   This is uncontainable Don't ram your crap down our throats
NO NO NO !!!
It should be called the tax cut bill for the rich!
Democrats always expected Obamacare to fail. Their ultimate goal is a Single (socialized) Payer (the gov) system i.e.The #CharlieGard plan
Of course it does...the ppl with $$$ just get more $$$. The rest of us keep working and paying taxes.
You didn't say that the last time!
Single payer Bob single payer!
Please ensure that Congress not be exempt
This corrupt disgusting clan (GOP ) have to be eradicated !! America send a clear message to the  corrupt , money hungry GOP. Vote them out!
#DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING #DOSOMETHING

No exemptions for Congressmen!
As if the ACA forced you into the exchanges, nothing new here.
That should be illegal!
We should demand to see the medical cost associated with Rep. Scalise's. care.
If this bill is so great, they should not have an exclusion. Another reason to #VoteNoBCRA (as if killing &/or bankrupting ppl wasn't enuf)
We are with you Sen Casey!  Stick to it and maybe someone will begin to listen and want to compromise.
What's your take on the PA  state universities raising Tuition again ;
Not surprised at all.  #VoteThemOut 2018
Because I'm gay, female liberal and poor. I am white though, aren't they like super into that?
Sen Casey, thank you again for standing up to these attempts to take healthcare away from Americans.  Can you work on @SenToomey too? Thnx!
They should call their plan "Sucks to be you".
Oh, now they like Obamacare
This is not acceptable!
Ummmm, because we're not Billionaires?
For all you barking about ACA, you know Republicans had their hands in there too. Now this horrific trumpcare bill is all on Republicans.
POS
They are self serving, egotistical, cruel, uncaring cretins. Hypocritical Faux Christians that are care only of their own self-interests!
This is not right.  They should take the Bill they love for themselves.  Ballot question
This is getting to be too much. GOP WiLL be finished soon & just a part of history
But if Congress dropped its own special coverage, representatives would have more freedom to go without any coverage.
Of course it does Senator Casey. They Don't Care About Us only themselves. Many of us just see them as traitors to the American people
Please save millions of Americans from this insanely cruel bill which steals from the poor to give to the rich.
#notaxcuts
#nomedicaidcuts
Who is she?
I think we know the answer to this question already.


Why The Left Hates America 
But maybe i'm missing it. Can you show me? 

Which Amendment?  

Thanks.
I see 'Religion, Guns, Free Speech, Press, Search & Seizure' 

all VERY SPECIFIC.

Nothing about 'medical care' anywhere.
This should never, ever pass. But, if it does, Congress deserves the same fate.
Seems like to be a pretty big thing to just leave out.
If you could point to the part of the Constitution that says the Feds are supposed to buy *Health Care* for everyone, I'd appreciate it.
Of course, Senator Casey. Congress should have the same insurance that they vote for. Introduce a bill, will ya?
Maybe you could get the answer for us from PA's other senator since he won't come out from under his rock and speak to his constituents.
Because I'm getting tired of the party line bullshit all of you work for us remember that. We pay you we hire you. You work for us. So work
This repeal is too like ACA Sen Casey. Too much govt involvement in insurance. Just admit you support single payor-would respect you more.
Then do your job for once.  Get rid of ACA and help get the new one working for Americans something like you have.
Wow just like Obummer did, and you didn't say a word about it right???
The @SenateGOP are selfish, heartless individuals who should never dare to call themselves #christians. They care nothing about people.
Dear num num, Obamacare exempts them as well.
@tedcruz , forced to abandon his rampage as the Zodiac Killer, has now come up with a much more efficient way of murdering thousands.
Drop the exemption...if you support it, own it. #VA07 #RESIST 2018 is coming.
Good question! I keep saying that I will be okay w/ any healthcare plan congress has. No ones seems to listen.
