Attorney General Sessions revives policy of tougher sentences for drug offenders  http://on.wsj.com/2pFqJn9 
Exactly. We tried this already and it did not work. 
Sessions is a hardcore racist and that's what this is about. Along with lining the pockets of private prisons, of course.
I think you missed the point.  Drug offenders are violent criminals.  I can't believe the stuff that comes out of your mouth.
So a 19 year old who smokes pot is violent? Interesting. wait till they jail your kids and we'll talk. Yours are ?
2/2 @SenBobCasey @WSJ:permitted to choose an investigator or a prosecutor for his own case?!
Change the law Senator - that is your remit - not criticizing those who enforce YOUR laws.
And I think he believes that this will solve the opioids crisis. He is such a detriment to the US. Taking us backward in so many areas
Seems like you always want to help drug dealers and illegal aliens.  What happened to supporting the hard working families of PA.
Yes violent criminals like the GOP and people who deliberately kill people with guns thanks to the NRA
Drug dealers are corrupting our youth. Jail them
Demand an independent investigation now!!!
Agree.  But the USAG is corrupt.  Sadly, many of your constituents have so little faith in government.  45 is making it worse
Because he's a racist nightmare!
Idiot
Hey Bob, those "nonviolent drug offenders" are part of the reason for the opioid problem we currently have.
It is wrong that the DOJ enforces the law of the land? Maybe you needed a refresher course while at PSU. (Hint: changing law is YOUR job)
Sadly, AG Sessions is more interested in filling Profiteers' pockets than reform. Prisons for Profit or Bust.
Regressives. Is it possible this is about filling up for-profit prisons?
winner winner chicken dinner. That's exactly what's this and the current immigration round up policy is about.
RIGHT BOB
Yeah, no violence associated with drug dealers 
AG Sessions thinks that black drug users are bad, but whites can be rehabilitated, especially if they can fund his campaigns.
1/2 @SenBobCasey @WSJ:All they care about is destroying anything President Obama did regardless of consequences!And since when is a suspect
That's what you get when our country is being run by old, white, racist men making $ on for profit prisons.
Yeah, too bad the AG is a racist with ties to the private prison industry.
This is about CoreCivic filling cells and lining Sessions pockets. RICO slavery. No rehabilitation even considered for NVO, first offense.
he's trying to bring back the good ol boys times He can't handle today's America blended families with open minds & hearts
There is no such thing as a nonviolent drug offender
Unbelievable! I feel sorry for the ppl in PA! I thought CA was bad....you're close behind.
Says the man protecting criminal illegal immigrants in Sanctuary Cities. No wonder your seats up for grabs. You will lose.
Our country is under attack from a #POTUS terrorist sitting in the Oval Office and a complicit #Congress! You work for people! #ImpeachTrump
Should focus on corrupt democrat politicians like Hillary, Schumer and others in eastern PA and Harrisburg
If your cronies are privately owning more prisons, I'm sure the attitude is The More, The Merrier (Richer, Greedier) they will be.
Criminal system is not supposed to be a for profit option. We need reform and real social ideas to take place
Senator Casey, please stop this regressive Attorney General. Sessions should never have have been granted this trusted position. 
Help Us.
Do state AGs absolutely have to follow these orders, or can they exercise their own judgement?
Ya ok Scranton is shitville. That will go over well in your area!
He is enforcing the laws something you lawless democraps should do. Don't like them change the laws the right way
#beauregard Sessions is a #troglodyte
so your not a law and order candidate,Red state  PA will remember this in 2018 when we enforce term limits on career pols
Spending money on that instead of helping your PA and NC after natural disasters. Can we say, 1960's/70's all over again.
.@SenBobCasey It's in your hands. Change the damn laws.
Agreed!!!
You are the party of do the opposite right or wrong, ask urself this, Do I look crazy stupid like Maxine Waters??  (Real Close)
He needs to refill the manual labor force being deported. And if it happens to make private prison owners rich, score! Awful human being...
Agreed.  This is going backwards.
finally a DOJ that has common sense sessions making America safe again not just a politician looking for brownie points
Well, Pres. Obama tried.
Ohhhh How I miss @BarackObama errday 
And your the same one wanting help for the opiod addiction epidemic. Sounds counterproductive don't you think?
Imagine what kind of reform we'd get w Reps? Nada. That's why 2018 is crucial.
You all voted for him  it seems the public new this kind of BS was gonna happen. Why didn't you guys?
We should prosecute bleeding heart liberal Democrats for protecting criminal illegal immigrants.
Or better yet, the DOJ should focus on GOP members/officials who violate the Constitution, cheat US citizens, and threaten democracy!
Just a way to profit on private prisons.
@jeffsessions is taking our country back in time so he & his rich bigoted friends can profit off prisons! This needs to be stopped!
And prosecuting traitors!
People dying from unprescribed opiates may not be violent per se but it's certainly a death from illegal activity.
Read somewhere that Sessions has investments in private security & prisons. Purely for profit & against POC who will be targeted. DISGUSTING
I agree with tough laws for all drug offenders!  Enforce the laws on the books!
We need to look a Session's ties to the private prison industry.  Cronyism runs rampant in this administration
Last time I checked, Congress make the laws, DOJ just enforces the laws you made
I totally agree!
What else did you expect from Sessions?
Session will take us back to the sixties. Here is your sign
Ee should re-institute Bill Clinton's tougher drug policies.
This review is about profit, politics, & social control, not justice. Prison privatization was a travesty of justice in the 90s & still is.
No sir you are wrong. I don't know how you feel about them being around  your family. But I sure as hell don't want them around  mine!
Why is Sessions allowed to continue as AG? Haul him up to answer for the Comey firing. Trump admitted it was about the Russia investigation.
Betsy Devos is doing her part for phase 3 private prison $billion grift. I wonder which private prisons she owns?
So are you saying drug dealers are "non violent criminals" if you are that is just brillant of you!
How can you say thatwith so many of our young people overdosing on a daily basis in every town?   Drugs are destroying our country!
Seriously, what is wrong with this creep? To think there are ppl going to jail for protesting him is astonishing.
How else are you going to fill the pay for profit prisons?
Simple Supply & Demand - cut the demand for drugs, supply of drugs dwindles.   BUT Dems see it as cutting their supply of votes.
Amen.
Another idiotic appointment by @realDonaldTrump !  I can't wait for this administration to be replaced!
And Donald Trump just threatened James Comey on Twitter. @SenBobCasey why is any of this being tolerated?
Because there are so many GOPs in Congress who put profit and party before the people and the constitution.
But @JeffSession needs to fill all the beds of @GOP donor corporate owned prisons.
Tell your constituents the truth. These are pushers who plead down to lesser charges. We'll give you body count after Obama released felons
Democrats want to keep these low lifes on the street because it means more votes for them.  That simple.
Sounds like the voice of someone with a stake in for-profit prisons. eg #cashforkids #trumprussia
Thank you for standing up Sir. We need you now.
Now, Sen. Casey - THIS IS something I agree with you about. Go for it. Don't back down. And, so something about criminals, even legislators!
I think you just get them out and go back to working at those issues from the restored nation.
Sessions failed to keep his promise to recuse himself on Russia investigation, perjured himself during confirmation hearings. He must go.
Did you think anyone working with Trump know the truth?
I completely agree with you!
They can fill their Private Pri$on$ much faster with drug offenders.
Should put more effort going after Trump and his family.
Because the biggest problem in our society is that people who use drugs don't suffer because of their drug use.
What are you going to do about it, senator Casey?
@bannerite @WSJ @bethreinhard hey all you stoners who cast protest vote for Jill, HRC not looking so bad now?
PLEASE stop this madness and corruption! Do whatever you can!!! (I know you already are, but I'm trying to communicate the despair I feel.)
By threatening Comey, tRump just advertised that he knows he is liar and a crook. LOCK HIM UP!
Amplified by Sessions' financial stake in the private prison industry.
Senator Casey #impeachTrumpnow
How about crooked politicians?
Thank u Senator 
Sessions is going down. Rumor has it.
Senator, does AG Sessions have interest in the private prisons?  This seems awful like self interest if he does. Please stop and remove him.
Remove Senator Casey for supporting Sanctuary cities !
The first and best criminal justice reform would be to arrest and try  #MadKingDonald! #impeachTrumpnow #twentyfifthamendmentnow
So right. He's living in the dark ages with Peice
starting with getting a new AG
@WSJ sessions & GOP takes $ from ppl running for profit prisons
Sessions doesn't give a flying f*ck what you or any of us think (and I agree w/you). He's in power now & out to get what he's always wanted
Could you, like, grab all your republican colleagues by the lapels and shake some sense into them?
Shut down the business of the senate until we get Sessions out of office.

Subpoena these people to testify before the Senate about #TrumpRussia get rid of them all. Sessions himself has Russian ties
Does that mean we can deport the VIOLENT Criminals that are here illegally? I would love to hear your thoughts on that...
Yes, but first we need to GET TRUMP OUT! Today's Comey/tapes tweet is downright scary. POTUS is losing it. Why no big outcry from Congress?
look into the netherlands. They are closing their jails. And the Netherlands are much safer than the US.
Yeah, just slap all the druggies on the butt and send them home, that will work.  There is no Opiode epidemic or anything.  #priorities
Beauregard has a thing for dis-proportionally targeting minorities, though.
Private Prisons are profitable, especially when there are a lot of offenders in them?
But it gets all those "undesirables" off the street and into the private prison system - so more $$$ for his buddies.  Win-Win in his eyes.
YES. We can no longer rip apart families over drug crimes - and long sentences are NOT a proven deterrent. #Sessions
