I like that you were actually busy making noise when I called your office. Keep making noise and fighting the evil power that's shrouding us
Evil is what we endured during the last 8 years of the O administration. Be objective.
I think you need to remove the Fox logo from your eyes. Scandal-free, robust job growth, taken out of recession, healthcare for all. No evil
Lousy, ready-to-collapse healthcare. I lost my Doctor, my plan, and it cost me more!
Please stop scaring people!  Work with our President...Don't just say "NO"  Fix things, who cares what it's called?  Just WORK ON IT!
If it's scary, that's bc...its SCARY. He isn't making this stuff up. He's talking about what the bill will do. People ARE scared.
No one has asked the Dems for input on this bill. Not the Pres & not Senate R's. So all he can do is say "no" to terrible bills.
He isn't just "saying no."
How about a plan that truly works for the people and stop playing politics?
No. Both are playing politics & people are caught in the middle and are suffering.
Keep fighting sir. We have to stop this tax cut
Yes! I would hate to have to keep my hard earned money. I'd much rather throw it down a hole.
I guess your the top 1% then huh?
You are the best Senator Pennsylvania has ever had! Thank you for all you do.
Rick Santorum was far better. Casey's Dad, Bob Sr., would not be happy with Jr.
Love your passion.  Never seen you this passionate.  Keep up the fight!!!
He may sound passionate but actions speak louder than words.
Pandering to this narriative is truly pathetic. I find it hard to believe you think your best bet is extreme left instead of center. #2018
Better yet, right of center.
Thanks for remembering who you work for, Senator Casey! If only Senator Toomey would do the same.
Casey works for the Democrat party, don't be fooled.
They need more time to threaten the Rep. Senators who are opposed to it.
Coward ploy to avoid facing constituents during holiday break! Toomey and others you're not fooling us!
Let's have that Town Hall.
So what are you doing to reduce rising out of pocket costs, high deductibles & rising prescription drug costs? How's your coverage?
Then do the right thing. Vote for health care
Thank you Sen Casey! Why are they so sneaky and evil??!! What can we do proactively to counter their lies and manipulations?
stop going on #Greta she supports trumps #WEALTHCARE bill. And shame on @msnbc for turning that time over to FOX.
Please quit talking about Obamacare.
Thank you Senator Casey! I agree! I'm a Pennsylvanian and a nurse. I oppose this mean bill.
We need to oppose you. #caseyOut2018
Bob Casey ignores small businesspeople in PA, the people who got hit hard w/new taxes under Obamacare.
Why should we believe anything you say? You dems screwed us over with Obamacare and something has to be done to fix that mess. Work together
@SenateDems smart & #truth. GOP is letting the ins comp rule Washington.Tragic bill that was well w their soul. SAD
I support Sen Mike Lee and Ted Cruz. The Dems only look out for themselves not the peopole
We're with you Senator Casey. They will not pull the wool over our eyes.
#ListenUpCongress #Deathcare #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #RyanCare #Trumpcare #Russia
Please stop with the set talking points. It's fake and nonproductive.
I do not like her and never will.
Then you support #SinglePayerHealthcareNow right?
The government should of just stayed the hell out of the insurance business in the 1st place and we wouldn't have this mess....
I would rather my state deem medical necessity for Medicare as opposed to the federal beauracy idea of one plan fits all.
It was part of a grand bargain to get the tax cuts back.
Senator Casey makes a lot of sense—that most of 400 rich wouldn't even choose to take tax breaks vs millions keeping Medicaid—Lets ask them!
Bravo.  Oh you are wonderful.
So proud @SenBobCasey is my Senator in #PA The other one disappoints.
Hypocrite. Just like Obamacare. Where were you when Obamacare was passed. Oh, that's right. You didn't read it. We wouldn't have this mess.
Why are you talking to Greta?? Blah.
Well done @SenBobCasey thank you for supporting all of your PA constituents! Proud to have you as my Senator!
glad you're so steady there for us
wide awake 
conceding nothing
accurately pointing out dreadful intentions and consequences looming ahead
He embarrasses me, being from PA.
A voice of reason in a sea fools.
Ur gone in 2018
Absolutely!  Well said
We need drug price reform. Medicare and Medicaid should be able to negotiate prices.
Yes, and we need less government intrusion into our lives. Repeal and don't replace.
A scheme like "you can keep your doctor, premiums will go down and choices up?" THAT scheme YOU perpetrated on the American people. #nocred
Now it's Friday
@SenToomey you listening?!
so was obamacare
Another Senator with his thumb up his ass not working to make all Americans lives better! Just keep opposing everything!
You are a joke @SenBobCasey . A party hack who voted for Obamacare. Now hardworking PA families are suffering. Paying high premiums!
I'd love to read the Democrats plan.

I've looked for your plan but I can't find it.

Could I have a link or instructions so I can read it?
U r Twittering 3tmes more because U R Lying Snake N Trying To Fool PA residents Again. SHAME ON U! VOTE S. CASEY OUT HE IS CAREER POLITICIAN
You democrats lied saying we could keep our healthcare plan under Obamacare knowing we couldn't and other lies about Obamacare.
how did you come  to support the Obamacare bill so strongly?
Stay strong Senator!
Did you ask the same questions and voice the same doubts when the Democratic leadership forced #ACA on the American people?
Please debate Toomey in public this weekend.
Love that you keep speaking out for what is right, @SenBobCasey! We must oppose it with all our might! - A proud constituent!
Bob, thanks for all you do, fighting tax cut for the rich dressed up as healthcare reform. We've got your back, good job.
Thanks @SenBobCasey !! Keep it up!!
Scheme and what you call ? what yous did sign pass read later. Scaring people with yearly death fake numbers. Doing nothing to work with.
Lol we know that's why #wethepeople will send our do nothing @DNC  #criminalparty home
.@SenBobCasey #BS
You sir are finally growing a set, your father would b. Proud
2 things-She talks over every 1 of ur answers.She expresses wish Ds&Rs cud just work 2gether as tho blame 4 that failure were shared equally
Yet it was the Rs & the Rs alone who created their bill in secrecy & refused input fr any D. ONE side was & is WRONG here. Not both
They learned that from the dems.
Everything is a scheme with republicans. They're incapable of governing.
EIC for Americans taken away to give rich tax breaks
Foodstamps and LIHEAP
Reverse Robin Hood
GOP
Using Trump 
Wouldn't dare dare DO this
Thank you senator!
Keep speaking out PLEASE. We are doing our part. We will continue to do so.
Still can't stand Greta.
Go home and let's see who shows up
Defeat #Trumpcare then work for #SinglePayer. We deserve an NHS, like the UK. #MedicareForAll #NHSforUSA
@SenateDems
Time orders Trump Organization to remove fake magazines from golf clubs: http://hill.cm/Nf7aEi0  
We are. Join @lancstandsup at Penn Square in Lancaster PA tomorrow night at 6pm as we hold a large protest of this heartless bill!!
Sorry I cannot be there. This bill is out right evil.
Dems shd set the narrative by holding daily press briefings to counter the WH lies and press blackout. B leaders, not reactors #DemBriefing
I would like to see some proactive action like that
Excuse my language but you are the shit!! 
