@SenToomey
Yes! Who can afford this? Most don't qualify for tax benefit or can't put $ into a savings acct to afford it   Sham!
stand firm. All good Democrats should
PREACH.
That is their MO yet they were able to dupe many ppl into voting for this catastrophe
who are you kidding your actions say you don't care about the middle class! Sat by and watched Obama destroy us!
tell the truth. OBAMACARE WAS ONE OF THE WORST JOKES ON THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! DESIGNED TO IMPLODE!
This statement proves you're nothing but a #schumernista. Pennsylvanians deserve better.
If Congress doesn't soon get it's head out of it's ass, this country is going to exploded into a Socialists state.
I like and admire you! From a Washingtonian...would def vote for you
You tell 'em, Senator Casey.  You've got it exactly right.
back to bed Bobby
young people not even knowing issues they are rioting about!  GO TO JAIL CASEY along with Clinton and her Coup.
Does that include Politicians??.  They should  not get FREE MED/DENTAL for 2-4-6 or.8yrs.
Thank you for speaking out about this. Health care is so fundamental. (Constituent from Pittsburgh)
will leave a lot of Pennsylvanians out in the cold.
Thank you Senator Casey!
Your out Casey, GET OUT ALONG WITH DNC before you too go to prison for collusion.
rand paul calls it ryancare..lol
DO YOU JOB tell the rest of the Soros puppets they are finished. your party is a royal bloody mess of far left ignorant
YOU & DNC DESTROYED MIDDLE CLASS. DIDNT GIVE A DAMN & now is proven. Obama is a TRAITOR to USA.  So are you.
Obamacare is IMPLODING and it is NOT AFFORDABLE!  stop the damn politics work for the PEOPLE! VOTE EVERY REPUB OUT
Bob no body likes Obamacare ! If its so damm good why are and your family on it! I FEEL SORRY 4 You!
Thank you for speaking out about Trumpcare
thank you for standing up to protect health care for those who need it most, hopefully other senators like @SenToomey will also
YOU VOTED FOR OBAMACARE, which eviscerated the middle class of America.
For once, think for yourself Senator. Stop hiding behind Chuck Schumer ALL the time.
There you go again w/the liberal bromides. Be original for once.
YOU are part of the problem, Senator.
Thank you for speaking out.
Will be more than happy to listen to your proposal let us know when you're ready
please fight for single payer healthcare. It's not enough to fight to preserve Obamacare. Health care is a right!
and the millions of small businesses who pay almost 40 percent in taxes... I'm not your piggy bank anymore!!
that seems to be a theme.
: you must fight this ! We will .
It's the "American Heath care act" Not Trump care
Don't worry Senator in 2018 Rick Saccone will be taking your job.
yes actually he should just let the system you voted for to die on the vine that would be so much more humanitarian
Pres. TRUMP does not work for high class corporations & millionaires. TRUMP IS FOR THE PEOPLE
#Trumpcare? More like #TrumpDoesntCare
you have no idea what you're talking about as usual,can't wait to get a new senator in 2018,term limits
@phredphive 
#SwampCare
Thank you for fighting against it.
I like #swampcare better
@damonbethea1 @YouTube Too bad his base won't believe you. #GODHELPUS
it's SwampCare
Lovin' the hashtag #trumpcare!!! He will not want his name connected to something that's poor quality!
WRONG sir , u are horrible for us PAers resign
Troll
lol. And the so called aca wasn't?  Pa hates you
What Trump has done so far is to make the rich richer & grown the swamp. When will his base figure that out?
HOMELESS/SICK CAMP OUTSIDE SENATOR @SenToomey office or on The Washington Memorial.
you're Obama care is hurting the middle class. Maybe if you and your colleges were forced to get it you would see it.
I'm not afraid of dying if that's God's plan, but I am afraid to be homeless and so very sick at 50.  GOD BLESS US ALL
and the struggling.  I want to cry.
why did all of you  douches exempt your self from obama care to begin with?
Healthcare plan benefits only the corporate oligarchs.
(Lk.12:48)
"Scheme"
You are most likely correct. But at the end of the day they are the ones who have to sleep with their conscience.
Do NOT let them make the CEOs richer while Pennsylvanians in need of healthcare suffer! And Investigate Trump-Russia!
Thanks for standing up for Pennsylvanians. Nice to know we have one voice on our side in Washington DC
SOS! Save Our Sanity! Impeach this lunatic now!!!!
And what did you think Obama Care did for the middle class? You are out of touch. #clueless
Can we call it #TrumpFail instead of #TrumpCare? @SenBobCasey
The ppl are getting real tired of ppl we elected not working together like u campaigned on. Please sir, ppl need ins
#TrumpDoesntCare
Thank you Senator!
Actually hits the poor harder than the middle class, but then so does everything they propose
please stand strong! Investigate #russiagate
Chase down the people who do not want other people to have Affordable health care.
Ok,
Then get to work & find a solution or a middle. Stop bashing & help your @potus. Why do u need to be told that?
Typical republicans. Take money from those with less. Give money to those with more. Conservative politics 101.
Eli: Think you need to change ur way of thought.  TRUMP IS FOR THE PEOPLE.
that's why it's called  #trumpdoesnotcare
http://www.latimes.com/business/hiltzik/la-fi-hiltzik-obamacare-ceos-20170307-story.html …
