House just introduced the bill to #RepealAndReplace #Obamacare. Time to end this nightmare. 
http://spkrryan.us/2lUBH6x 
Obamacare didn't? You are an unsufferable dolt if you think Obamacare was the answer.
It was a start.
It was a start alright, a start of higher insurance prices, losing your PCP, for losing your coverage. ShalI I go on???
Why did your insurance company not provide you with a plan that allowed you to do that? You got the wrong villain.
my premiums under Obama went from $230 to $960 a month! $500 deductible went to $6000! I say again, under Obama!
The states who opted for Medicaid expansion, had a better system. Do you live in one of the other deadbeat states?
Actually I live north of you. Was in the city yesterday in fact.......
PA is one of those states because that pompous ass Corbet didn't expand Medicaid. We had less choice/higher prices because of him
It's getting worse every day. gop is forcing bills through quickly before 45/gop base knows what hit them.
This 40 year trickle-down experiment had to be saved twice and needs to be put to rest as a failure.
Getting even worse:REINS Act, Reg Accountability Act, Midnight Rules Act. Please vote for the people.
Thank you for putting people above politics, keep up the good work and you get my vote again!
and Medicaid cuts hurt children.
They all voted disproportionately for this liar & scammer, imo. It serves them right. I have no pity for them
I thought the funds are still there but it gives each state control over dissemination of funds? Less Federal Govt. was goal?
thank you for standing in opposition to this horrible bill
Thank you for standing up for those who can least afford this health care bill.
Will you be scheduling a town hall so we can hear your views and not have to read your staffs tweets under your name?
also explicitly defunds Planned Parenthood out of pettiness - this hurts low income men and women.
Thank you for your no vote on the AHCA.
Please continue the fight to protect all Americans in need of health care coverage same as those in our federal government get
no to more entitlements
The "nightmare" is the ACA that got the country into this problem in the first place. ACA is a failure. Socialism doesn't work.
Yes it will, and by extension it will also hurt those of us trying to plug the financial dike seniors often have.
Keep fighting! You're right.
Then get to work! Get govt out of our way so we can be prosperous! Stop wasting time defending broken systems!
Hi from the UK. Nice to see an American Senator who cares and has principles . Power to you Sir.
please do everything you can to stop them from passing this awful bill. Thanks!!
how would you save unsustainable Medicaid? Why did you exempt yourself from ACA?
yes this is a nightmare, maybe we should forget about the wall and take care of our people? Makes better sense.
please stand up for your fellow Pennsylvanians. Thank you
what can we do to stop it
if both houses had to be on everybodys elses plan bet your ass it be right
The GOP healthcare plan: Don't Get Sick.
Or be rich enough to afford paying the bill.
Which will be easy once one catches all the Paul Ryan tax breaks.
I support your opposition to AHCA.  Please study other countries that provide health care for their citizens. Many do it better
how many of you folks who voted for Trump are ready to support your parents and their illnesses?
Lying and fear mongering just like all the Dims did to pass that albatross of Obamacare. #AmericanHealthCareAct
@potus #silverlining : the premature death of millions will help to easy the strain on #socialsecurity and #medicaid. #resist
Pennsylvania voted for President Trump I say again President Trump you want a short term keep up your attitude
@potus indeed #trumpcare as written will #kill more #Americans than any foreign threat during this century. #killamericansact
Keep in mind, we're only here because you decided to force an unsustainable, plan on us, in the first place.
@brandythomas100 can we just end the nightmare of this presidency
The bill is a nightmare, Bob...but, only because it doesn't go far enough.
@lpsrocks there is nothing here that does not hurt most Americans to the benefit of a very few.
Hey, if it wasn't going to hurt average Americans and enrich a small few, @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP would never consider it @SenBobCasey
Looking to you @senrobportman  Work across party lines. @SenBobCasey  @TheDemocrats #Indivisible
Dear Senator Casey (and all Senators): It's time to end this entire nightmare.
Some Pittsburgh area MAWD participants have already been given notice of termination.
YOU ARE Such A LIER !!!
@SnarkAmendment @POTUS @SpeakerRyan the nightmare is destructive impact on children is invisible & not seen as unacceptable
MAKE AMERICA *GRAVES* AGAIN 
I'm a senior, I read the bill &I don't think it is a disgrace,it needs work,I don't like the entitlement part TAX CREDIT of it.
the "nightmare", is that you think it's ok to charge a penalty for not taking your broken ACA plan in the first place! Fix it!
you forgot that you & Dems had first crack at healthcare reform and it's failing. Get on the train or get left at the station.
@dodsonadvocate It will also hurt low-income college students. Northampton CC has done a great job signing students up for ACA
u can't admit that ACA is terrible...high rates, co pays, and deductibles sick and tired of ur denial of this
YOU started the nightmare by voting for obamacare.
Bob you are among a group of Useless nonprogressive Senators we mistakingling voted in!you do all talking and no Law Making
You care so much about low income abd disabled Americans Bob?how many Americans have u help? NONE
is it fair that people who cant afford insurance get wacked with a fine? And why does the Gov feel they know whats best for me?
Thank you. I hit the catastrophic part of Medicare around June. If Medicaid is gone, I will die when I hit the "donut".
@415Native4life Democrats! Stop this insanity!
Thank you for standing for us, Senator Casey. You make me glad I voted for you.
Maybe you can talk some sense into your colleague @SenToomey who refuses to cross party lines and represent his constituents.
.@SenBobCasey Seniors qualify for medicare. Those w/ disabilities receiving SSI also receive medicaid. #Trumpitis got you bad! @50linesonly
@puppymnkey ignores medicaid funded programs that teach disabled to be independent #ACA gave us hope,@GOP bill sets us back
Desperately need your help, Senator.
Please Help OurSeniors they need our help now more than ever they worked all their lives to loose Medicaid.NeedAmericanPetition
my concern is the hurdle to substance abuse treatment. PA is in an epidemic, this bill will restrict access to proper treatment
also awards subsidies based on age, rather than financial need. Poor people will get no help here.
then don't you dare give in to it like you did with all those fascist cabinet members!
@puppymnkey Block this nightmare and the age tax bill too!  #noagetax #Trumpcare
@ClaudiaLennhoff I finally got really great, affordable insurance under the ACA, not where I'm paying a ton out of pocket. 
make the government pay back what it stole from SS to fund war..with interest. Stole Our Money!

tRump & staffers
well, that is their point. Now stop it. Or the seniors will get vicious. Be Afraid
.@SenBobCasey it also hurts over 30 million children who rely on the Medicaid program.
@puppymnkey @POTUS The Trump administration is evil incarnate.
So Senator Casey...What are we going to do? Go see @SenJohnMcCain @SenSchumer @SenGillibrand @SenWarren Fix this! Take a stand
I'm afraid for myself and everyone
Yeah, it's been a real nightmare getting to go to a doctor again after a year of being uninsured after losing my job.
My aging parents do not need this stress. They also would rather not grow old with an asshat like Trump as “president”.
@puppymnkey In other words it will hurt those who are already hurting the most.
.@SenBobCasey @puppymnkey Start calling this what it is. It's not Trump-Care. It's not Ryan-Care.  It's "Don't-Care!"
@CariONeil3 forest ACA if you can't stop it stop Trump!!! Stop Trump and the rest will fall then ACA can be repaired
@realDonaldTrump that's assuming #45 cares-We need 2 bring dwn his house of cards he'll escape 2 Russia lk Snowden!
"Time to end this nightmare" applies equally to present administration.  Each day, another false accusation & crisis.  Help us!
@_ChristinaVigil I hope this means, Sen Casey you will fight against the GOP on this.
Thank you, Sen. Casey, for speaking out.
this has many nightmares within it.What we really need is a not-for-profit system.Access 2 health care for all is basic.
Elect Rick Saccone in 2018
and most of those folks voted the way they did.  Sad.
@Securitrees you mean the nightmare where GOP will not take meetings w/constituents or appear @town hall meetings? #GOPCowards
@POTUS
But it isn't what #SCROTUS promised.
Not even close.
Where's the "great healthcare at a TINY fraction of the cost"?
Actually, what he promised sounds exactly like #MedicareForAll
Please help us! It's not right to cause this level of fear in those of us who are elderly, disabled and poor.
@MomsThoughts Let's make sure this bill does not become law!!!
My sister is only 50 with 6 years Parkinson's. She lives with me.There is no way we can afford anything more. Please help us!!
@MomsThoughts Well, shit.
please help us
@cliffschecter I'm permanently disabled, 69, in pain all the time I hope he rots in hell!
gee thanks
our so called president is the nightmare
The nightmare is Trump spending millions of our money each week to go to Florida but trying to save on our healthcare. He's sic
@POTUS Many nsng home pts losing #Medicaid will force available fam mbrs to be 24 hr care providers. Can't work outside home.
@DebbieGT18 Oh,  the nightmare of having affordable healthcare. What a bunch of you know whats. Most shameful day in decades.
the process is to collaborate to find the best solution. It is not yet up for a vote, more work to do.
they voted tonight
I can't find that they did, still has to go to Budget office, my understanding-this is preview of proposed bill
the bill is a major knife in the back to America
@charlesjaco1 get the back bedroom ready for your mother-in-law just like the old days-no dignity
To continue, how can we help, and how can we help YOU help? #ACACheaperInTheLongRun
my dear Sen.. Trump & the GOP could care less about us.. party & $ over country
Did u really understand what u read?  Got to go in 2018
They should be ashamed of themselves
@Pr260 Who will it help?
the answer to the entire healthcare question is #MedicareForAll
Don't lie Bob, Medicare would be for Seniors and disabled not Medicaid. Unless of coarse you did not know the difference.
Actually,  many patients have both.
Are you taking about Trumpcare???
the nightmare is the Scotch Tape Tie wearing, Cheeto looking misogynist.
@CaryMegan Well then mission accomplished. But, wait until people who voted for him realize they lost their insurance too.
yeah, they will wish for the ACA back, no reelection for anyone that voted yes on it
Everyday since 11/8 has been a nightmare. Hateful, incompetent and in bed with Putin. #Medicaid #TrumpNighmare
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan that's what trumps diversion was all about.  People wake up, if you are not millionaire..,
@potus will force seniors to sell their homes to finance their healthcare.  He'll probably buy a few distress sales himself.
even I might have to give up everything
 I'm 50
please help stop this madness
should have promised more to the education lobby.  People are getting too smart.  Bye Obummer care!
troll.
@POTUS @SpeakerRyan if he will leave it help
of course it will because that's what the GOP does
What can be done, is GOP out-#-s the Dems? How can citizens help? ACA wins in long-term $'s, but how to simplify that data?
Of course it will. They don't care about us. They have no souls.
Time to rally all the @HouseGOP who are not in favor of this bill!  Vote it down!!
@MaryMarybrogdon We cannot have this..and hands off of Medicare too
Time to put the gloves on.
Please fight this as hard as you can. We need to strengthen the ACA and make it better, not gut it.
get to work
Looking forward to writing @SenToomey again & seeing his response that he is powerless to do anything about this
save your key strokes
Is @SenToomey still too scared to do a town hall meeting?
not scared, indifferent
Profiles in courage by @SenToomey http://m.huffpost.com/us/entry/us_5822658ce4b0e80b02cdb556 …
keep fighting, Senator! We are fighting with you. Thank you!
I expected nothing better from them  For GOP as long as they pass $$$ on to rich their happy
No it won't- quit trying to scare people. Obama spy in you
Yeah but think about how much money this will save the rich!
The nightmare is you, 45!
please tell us what hospital and nursing home administrators/physicians were involved in constructing this new program? Any?
I doubt it.  Just insurance companies and rich cronies of Trump.
fight fiercely Senator and c'mon @SenToomey do what is right for Americans not just your party
this whole scenario is a nightmare.. I'm worried what kind of Republicans are they when they allow this madman this power 
the man us UNSTABLE. Article 45
sorry 25
This is a NIGHTMARE
Pretty much people like my mom with dementia who has outlived her 18 years of resources
So sorry. I work with abused and exploited elderly. It's already a nightmare to find resources. Now this. XO
You must speak up loudly and often! Millions will suffer by losing insurance. #ACARepeal
Then get to thinking of a solution to help the bill be better. Stop complaining and get to work. Earn that fat salary you get.
Please Mr. Casey. We are depending on you!
I say that is goal to get rid of old, sick, disabled, take children to serve Mein Trump
Yes. The GOP is going forcthat "survival of the fittest" thing.
So sad!! Please continue to fight for the American people from this travesty of a presidency! #embarrassment #savemedicaid
Thank you for your service to the American people! Keep fighting for us.
You people need to start to get your SHIT together and start appointing a special prosecutor. You have VALID evidence.
The light in that tunnel is it will last maybe 4 years...Then You Guys will be back in there Championing Us Again! Take Heart!
do the republicans have any balls to stand up to dictator trump.
No. completely ball-less. The eunuch party.
@POTUS Exactly! The elimination of subsidies for Medicaid expansion will hurt so many people.
@POTUS I'm afraid for my daughter :(
hugs Terrie. I'm scared too.
They don't care
Not .One. Bit.
and that's their point isn't it?? Eliminate the needy and those less than..?
