If it becomes law, the American Health Care Act (AHCA) will cut more than $800 billion from Medicaid over the next decade.
The AHCA will slash healthcare services like nursing, personal care and therapies to children and adults with disabilities and seniors.
The AHCA includes “per capita caps” that will decimate Medicaid-funded services that people with disabilities need to live and work.
AHCA will be better then what's we have now.
Democrats are lying
How is snatching healthcare from 23m+ ppl just to give massive tax cuts to the richest earners in America, better than what we have now?
It would devastate my child too
#PresidentTrump please don't destroy the resources for the most vulnerable.
No it wouldn't....stop using this man for you own political agenda. Shame on you!
not cutting Medicaid - reducing rate of increase - Obama took 700 billion from Medicaid for ACA
I am struggling to see what constructive help or info you've brought to the discussion. This from a support organization?
Little will alter this GOP. They're like a runaway train. But if we can influence more voters, there's hope we can #DrainTrumpSwamp & #AHCA
Touché.
should be ashamed using people with disabilities to further your political agendas shows your not for making things better
when U going to stop with lies,Medicare and Medicaid is untouched,your on your way out!
Republican plan may move Medicare to each state and fund it, but does Not  CUT Medicare benefits
This breaks my heart. NO CUTS TO MEDICAID!!! Trump! You promised! @realDonaldTrump @GOP @SpeakerRyan
Can you say, "Exploitation"? I knew you could!
These poor people deserve better. The cruelty of the @GOP knows no bounds.
Bad for the country
Safe Medicaid today.. M
You are so right, Sen. Casey. Many are going to suffer by not having the care that they absolutely must have. Republicans must be stopped!
Thank you for fighting for us Senator. Please try to talk some sense and compassion into our other senator - @SenToomey !
I've heard that Toomey won't even meet with Sen. Casey. Not sure if true. I know Toomey won't hold town halls in person.
He's not holding town halls bec he's afraid of his own constituency. Sen Casey will he meet w/ you?
That is sad I agree but we have to be on the side of the folks who butter our bread and that is a small .01% of the population. Bake sales?
@RealDTrump2k16 The 1% don't butter our bread! We earn our butter and bread IN SPITE of the stranglehold the 1% has on us and the economy!
Only for people that are able to http://work.You  democrats lie like the devil. Trump is trying to get people back to work and on INS
Haven't seen Trump do one single thing to help the working Americans yet. But he sure gave the 1% a 13% cut in their taxes. What did you get
You who are pro life should be the first person to walk over to the other side and work with them.
@SenateDems The Rep. Plan is not aimed at these folks. Only those that abuse the system. Are you that stupid?
So American people better start talks no up
The "pro life" Republicans are eager to pass a secret bill that will literally kill thousands of Americans for want of health care.
I am a caseworker for people like this and they depend on Medicaid for their lives. Thank you for fighting to save them 
Not to mention #als d how far we've come with you behind the National Registry.
Please fight this selfish act from the non-caring greedy ones tooth & nail!! Thanks @SenBobCasey !!
Withhold consent. Filibuster everything. We're counting on you @SenBobCasey
Excuse me senator but the "cuts" are simply reductions in rate of growth, not the true cuts in spending. You're a shameful fear mongerer.
#SinglePayerNow
I'm not so sure.
My son is on HCBS waiver. The @SenateGOP is literally TERRORIZING us. I don't know what else to call it. They are terrorists!
God bless you &your family. I hope you continue to get good healthcare and that it gets better not worse. #StrengthenTheACA #ObamacareWorks
Please everyone, forward this to @SenToomey 
and ask him if he will stand up for Matthew & Cindy too!

Tell him to vote NO on the AHCA!!
No public hearings. Vote No.
ur sad using these pple for political gain -shame on you
@SenateGOP @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump WE VOTE! This is personal to our families! We dont support tax breaks for you!
You do believe in transparency?Let's start with your tax payer health coverage.Taxpayers have a right to know. Please post on your web site.
Your healthcare is protected isn't Bob? Can you put on your web site the healthcare plan you have and your bi weekly contribution?
You and Bernie Sellout Sanders are putting up the same story - different actors. Why not put forward a thoughtful counter proposal?
How low can you go to make a false statement. Using others in need.
Nice scare tactic senator.
I thought it was secret? How do you know this Bobby ?you're not fear mongering are you Bobby ?
Medicaid expansion has saved my life also!!
Who cares.
ALL OF THESE are necessary for a HEALTH CARE PLAN!
Removing ANY makes it ●INSURANCE COMPANIES SURVIVAL PLAN!●
Is this what we consider MAGA? Taking away HC from the most vulnerable citizens in our country while cutting taxes for the top 12 percent?
Disgraceful you & your Dem friends have taken the year off. You will be replaced with a Trump loyalist next year
Where's your plan?
Thank you for Fighting for all of us!
Senator you must do more than speak out against this bill. You must actively obstruct via senate shut down and filibuster by amendment.
You are disgusting, Casey. Taking advantage of someone's disability to promote your socialism policy for America. Same old stuff.
Sandra, do you provide 24/7 care for a severely disabled adult?
There are millions of people and families for whom it would be devastating.
This breaks my heart.
@SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr #TRUMPCARE is a disaster
Fight this with everything you have, Senator.
@SenateDems #VoteGOPOut #SaveMedicaid #Resist
.Devastating too, one state over in NJ, for Adam Foye
The Democrats talking points are so anti-American it is time to stop taking 
talking points from the #loser @BarackObama but they won't!
This public information and are part of the budget not Deathcare
Cuts Medicaid would be dangerous to my children. One is special needs & the other has ADHD. I am disabled & we don't have enough $ 2 live
The "cuts" are reductions in the rate of the budget increases over the next 10 years not reductions in spending. Twist of facts.
How do you know that if you can't see what's in it?
Republicans aren't cutting Medicaid.   How low class is Sen.Casey to use these poor people as political pawns?
Medicaid, Social Security and Medicare are all being slashed in the now public budget. Thanks for voting grandma out of her home
Nope.  You are wrong.   Why don't you prove it's being cut instead of listening to politicians, of all people, to get your info
Why bother talking to you when you go out of your way to ignore actual government information
wtf is wrong with nothing is going away for the disabled. lies you tell your people is astounding.
How do you know? This legislation is being crafted in secrecy.
The budget cuts he's talking about are public information not part of Deathcare
Trump's talking? He's not even involved, if he was, he would have no idea what the Senators would be discussing. Not too bright that one.
You are a troll from another state lying on Democrat governors sites.
This is one of a few similar posts by LEFT politicians today -- obviously a planned onslaught of videos to tug at  heartstrings. Not working
Really what about the GOP one in Georgia using a tragedy for political gain
what about it?
We need you to come to our Civic Series, 2018 is coming fast, please reach out
Republicans aren't cutting Medicaid.   How low class is Sen.Casey to use these poor people as political pawns?
Sure seems like they are,since this legislation is being crafted in secret,I think it is acceptable to believe the worst. GOP will go down.
It's not being crafted in secret.  Why would they give incomplete information out for the cockroaches to pick apart & misnterpret?
