Makes sense to them who really care for us!they are so evil
LIES LIES LIES --- MY WIFE LOST HER INSURANCE CAUSE OF ACA AS MILLIONS OF PPL ......ACA DIN'T COVER MRE PPL AS CBO PREDICTED
ALSO ACA DID NOT LOWER COSTS EVEN MY MEDICARE COSTS WENT UP AFTER ACA WENT INTO EFFECT -- YOU ARE AN EVIL LIAR -- YOU ARE A DEMON
Quit lying Senator! This bill restores freedom of choice and more so to the American people, & makes it more affordable.
Freedom of choice is Orwellian newspeak intended to fool us into handing big pharma our health savings. You are the liar.
So scared 
We're living in Bizarro World. How can this actually be happening? The US is getting dumber every day. We should be better than this. 
So agree.  Getting very scary.  Feel like we're ripe for attack 

yes, vote out the people who are sometimes going against hard party lines because they actually care about people and not profits.
If ooonly Pennsylvania had another Senator (akaToomey) that voted against VETERANS, FOR destabilizing economy, and harassing foreign powers!
.@SenToomey Note.
Neither was Obama Care......
my savings acct is gone due to pre aca insurance-ACA is allowing me to save again-w/o aca I am either uninsurable or paying  #saveaca
I lost my house and husband due to huge debt from emergency surgery with no insurance
Before ACA
Every working person pays into Medicare. Isn't that government?
Medicare is the greatest coverage per cost that you'll ever have. Do your homework. I have.
I'm not, but it's better/cheaper then most insurances, especially for those over 65, the cost alone would be formidable.
All of which Trump PROMISED!
Lies, lies, lies!!!  Typical liberal bs.....
These are not lies unless everyone pays into a single fund like Medicare insurance pool does not work)
It's a lie because it doesn't cut Medicaid, it's lowering the increment of increases.  Not the same as a cut!!
Why don't you post ACA costs? We are $20T in debt because of Obama. Tell the truth! Tell America how much ACA is costing the healthy.
The point is you want always be healthy
I just called @SenToomey's office and they refused to give me a yes/no call tally on the 'skinny', citing "office policy"
That's BS tell them its public info and your going to file a request under freedom of info act
Thanx! I'll call back and use your words.
Gray that is what we voted for. Not socialized medicine. Why do democrats hate America???
Please keep fighting, Senator Casey!  It's a shame there aren't more Senators ELECTED BY THEIR PUBLIC willing to do what's best for them!
to prove BCRA  will lower premiums and deductibles for needed care, make them postpone tax cut until its shown to be true.
I totally agree it's trash. Bernie is spot on.
Thank you Senator Casey for fighting for our healthcare! We need to fix the ACA, not replace it with something worse.

you have nothing to offer but failure that's killed us with Obamacare,you only care about those that don't pay taxes,the takers
BR 225-929-7711, Metairie 504-838-0130 Monroe 318-324-2111 Lafayette 337-261-1400 Lake Charles 337-493-5398 S-port 318-798-3215 #callcassidy
Interesting the constant in this chart is increased insurance premiums. Every coverage factor is devastated. Who are we representing here?
FULL REPEAL NOW! GET FED GOV OUT OF HC AND OUT OF MY MEDICAL RECORDS! States can do Medicaid, state by state! NO MORE FED $$ TO INS COMP'S!!
and ur plan is what???? ACA where my premiums, copays and deductibles have all gone up with coverage going down...great job!!!
That's rich coming from someone who supported Obamacare
@75% "uncovered" voluntarily.Remaining @8mil need affordable plans.Diverse plans (no maternity care for over 45, etc), cross state lines,etc
This is the single best tweet on this entire exercise. Thank You Senator.
@RepJasonLewis prefers to side with an authoritarian President Trump than with his own people. He doesn't trust the CBO. He trusts a liar
well this explains why the GOP is so into it
Or doesnt give tax cuts to rich people.....
You've GOT TO DEFEAT this nonsense. 
Please.
I'm not sure charts, statistics, or logic work with most of the GOP base at this point.
It's nice you idiots spend so much time deriding the Republican plan. What's YOUR plan to fix ACA? Got one?
Senator, thank you for your strong, persistent efforts on behalf of our healthcare!  I am a happy constituent.  
Thank you Senator Casey - we are unheard and unrepresented in NC. @NCPOL
This is a clear sign to Americans that @GOP are tired of being in Congress. They want their lobbyist cash-outs now! Lets vote them out!!
Get government out of Healthcare
An easier way for @SenAlexander and @SenBobCorker to get rid of elderly Tennesseans is to load them in boxcars and ship them to Purina

This makes all the major insurance associations opposed. https://twitter.com/jrovner/status/890597282000900098 …
.@cernovich Let's be honest . Let's see the lady & her bra sold (75,80,85) ... ships, countless excess mil ,$ to play. There U go #CaseyCare
Thank you @SenBobCasey.  I appreciate your advocacy for all of us.
.@cernovich Ok how's about this proposal? YOU pay for it. How? The Clinton Foundation. #MicDrop
We need universal healthcare.
Now to get @SenToomey to understand that.
Thank you Sen. Casey - I am glad we have you at least.
Then do the right thing and vote NO!! Share this with those who are voting and move mountians!!! America needs you
Sounds like Obamacare
Over 4&1/2 years BEfORE ACA I paid approx 180k for insurance-mine skyrocketed due to cancer (fine now)
It's DOA
Senator I think it's time to follow Nebraska in Congress...time for unicameral
Keep fighting for our country Senator Casey. We all appreciate your commitment to the citizens.
You think that's bad? Mother still makes me see a pediatrician. She says I can go to a real doctor when I stop calling my thingy a dingaling
Will you call out your colleague @SenToomey for his role in the Medicaid cuts?
Keep fighting senator!!
What do you say @SenToomey? Are any of these schemes mean enough for you yet?
Probably not.
Exactly. Why are they not listening? Why the lies and bullying?? It's going to take a revolt.
Thank you for fighting for Pa.
4.) Has an actual plan to replace the health care jobs it will kill.
