. Because Obama care was nothing more than, a tax hike. Period. We have been chumps during the whole process.
It's the "makers vs takers" theory that the rich have virtue and the poor with gov't are stealing wealth from the Makers. Tax cuts mine.
Why the hell did government get more involved in healthcare? Government involvement never works as evidenced by past history.
It's very successful in other countries who know how to do this right. We are the richest country in the world and 37th worldwide in 1/
I am a nurse who has encountered other healthcare nurses from other countries - I don't want to be on a waiting list for a procedure.
The answer is not to deny millions of people from having procedures at all.
Everyone deserves quality healthcare, especially those in need. I also believe in choice. I have seen too much.
Over half of the federal budget is going to finance 800 military bases and massive weaponry. Imagine what we could do with half that $.
I do not consider defense wasted dollars unless one spends $800 on a toilet seat. Many other areas could be cut without risk.
Yes ACA increased 3% tax on top 400 billionaires & they want it back... even though they pay 19% less than working people including surgeons
So wrong the tax hit MIDDLE CLASS my fam & frnds 150k to 249k the Hardest. Wake up stop believing Dems. Obviously u didn't get effected, WHY
The same reason the previous one was full of NEW TAXES
The ACA only covers a small fraction of the population and is going to bankrupt the country. At least the R's are trying to do something.
We have been yelling to fix the problems w/ ACA while Reps work in secret to take taxpayers HC and give the $ to the super rich.
Where is it in the AHCA that provides $ to the super rich? That is a democratic lie.
So trump and GOP can rip us all off more
Democrats had 8 years to fix this POS healthcare that they CRAMMED down American citizens mouths, then they yell its Republican's fault 
those circumstances? It takes both parties to work together and Ds knew that wouldn't happen.
You mean like NOW, where Chuckie Schumer has stated the Dems job is to obstruct at every turn ??????
Rs obstruct at every turn to prevent the poor and middle class from having anything. Ds obstruct to stop Rs from stealing from the poor & 1
Perhaps I should play for this idiot the phone message claiming IRS demanding pymnt or warrant arrest. Ppl fall for it scared to death IRS 
Why the hell do we have a health care bill period?
Maybe you should ask Nancy Pelosi why they are in #ObamaCare
Dear Sen Casey, My premium went up 33% this year. You were supposed to represent me & you failed. What's your idea? Let ACA completely fail?
doesn't even solve the problems that ACA has. AHCA is worse for everyone but the rich.
The ACA was a HORRIBLE option for me.. My hope nothing gets passed and everyone gets thrown into my situation... no insurance.
Either ACA needs fixing or we should be going to single payer.
Leave it to Dems to call rolling back their unwarranted tax increases a "give away to the rich". That argument defines what's wrong in DC.
How about we just make billionaire pay fair share!!!!
Who determines what "fair share" is? What if that includes more of your take home pay? U can take all wealth and only keep US going for 10yr
I think that's what needs to be defined. I'd rather it be a flat tax across the board no exceptions. If only it were that easy though
Can't have flat tax with lots of loopholes for billionaires...
No loopholes. Everyone pays (everyone) 10% to 15% (whatever right # is) of their annual income regardless of the source. Would you support?
Why the hell did the last health care bill have to be full of new taxes?
Why not yours was filled with tax increases?
It's the system of pork that both parties have built.
Well Bob, maybe because those of us footing the bill would like a break this time.
Because we pay TOO MUCH TO THE GOVERNMENT ALREADY!!
Casey u did nothing get a life or get out quit bitching a help
better than loopholes that line the pockets of Pharmaceuticals.
Why did a healthcare bill..Obamacare..have to include tax increases??
why the hell do I have to support and subsidize people who have unhealthy, and destructive lifestyles???
That's a fallacy. Everyone gets health problems. People w/ poor lifestyles and healthnuts get sick, nevermind children who get leukemia.
I've worked in healthcare for over 30 yrs. You're telling me that lifestyle doesn't affect health?
A better question is why does any plan have to put a corporation or government entity between me and the Physician?
Because it's not the old days.
Really?  Then you need to educate yourself on direct care and other country's models such as Singapore instead of unsubstantive blather.
Because of the added tax burdens O-care gave us.
Yes ACA increased 3% tax on top 400 billionaires & they want it back... even though they pay 19% less than working people including surgeons
Because the previous healthcare bill/law was full of tax increases
As Pelosi originally said 'no one has read it' just pass it & we'll fix it later. That time is now.
The same fucking way obamacare was filled with a huge tax increase on taxpayers with crazy premium hikes to pay for 
non taxpayers shithead!
Because they were there to fund obimbocare?
Because Obama tied it to taxes. That's why
Greta you had much better guests on Fox. Way too many zany crazy misfits on MSNBC. Reporters are sub standard too with poor credibility.
Because Obamacare was nothing but a redistribution of wealth wrapped up in healthcare. That is wrong.
Because it's being written by Republicans that care about the American people. Where's the Dem. new healthcare bill. Obama care has failed.
Dems opposing Health Care bill then get to see Obamacare collapse & strand tens of millions.  Then what?
Trump is deliberately sabotaging ACA. He said straight out he would. It wouldn't fall apart w/o deliberate meddling.
Greta, MSNBC hired you to gain favor from Trump.  Joy should have been given your tine slot. An apology for your role at FOX would help
It's about Making the Wealthy  Richer Again!
Guess they are afraid that tax cuts will keep them from loading their pockets as well 
Oops Sorry Greta (sheepish grin)
Minnie Maddow! Rolls off the tongue .
classic rehash of: why the hell does a health care bill have to be full of these extra taxes?
Could be bc Obamacare mandates passed through SCOTUS as a tax.
Keep it going sir. Proud to call you my Senator.
Because it's repealing all Obamacare taxes
I don't know Greta. Are you even TRYING to give all of the info? Bob Casey?  Howard Dean?   Where are the other POVs?
MSNBC Plebe. Lol.
Why the hell did his health care bill have to be full of increased premiums and high deductibles?
So much for unbiased Greta. Thanks 4 nuthin'. We want tax cuts. They make for a great economy. Do I like Rep. health? No. But u...typical.
Thank you @SenBobCasey for keeping it real.
Fighting Bob! Go @SenBobCasey
Because the TrumpNoCare bill is about giving the rich much, much more while crucifying the vulnerable poor.  Why is no one among the top 1%
Why is no one among the top 1% speaking out against this atrocious TrumpNoCare bill?
How much more do you want to squeeze out of me? How about a break? I've paid for 2 families I never met for the last 6 years.
Why did ObamaCare have subsidies?
maybe cuz obamacare was full of tax hikes

Using 1000's of fake social media accounts to spread lies about candidates from a building in Russia is disinformation. Pizza Child Porn,
Cause that's a sneaky way to get tax cuts for wealthy through. Try a bill on it's own & everyone complains!
Why are you reporting one side of it. I used to watch u every night in FNC. Thought about checkin out ur new gig-glad I didn't waste my time
And the reverse should have been asked of him .. why did Obamacare have to be filled with tax increases?  Casey was hiding during that vote
He is playing dumb.  Obamacare = tax increase, repeal = tax decrease.
Trumpcare equals a $7 million tax cut for the 400 richest in the US.
I don't quite remember Obama selling Obamacare as a tax increase.  It was all supposed to be free and cut the deficit on top of everything.
The people shouldn't be able to send their own money the way they want, thats just unAmerican.
Oh good. Does that mean I can stop paying for other people's kids to get educated in public schools since I have no kids?
Because the taxes are what drove up premiums #outoftouchpolitician
That's what I wondered???? Why tax cuts in w health bill???? #whytaxcuts?
So Cheeto can blow smoke up his buddies shorts.
@SenBobCasey  - Perfect for PA> Thank you! Why the hell indeed.
Honestly, #GOP successfully ran on #RepealReplace and defeated lots of good progressives. They never had a plan and you want #KumBahYah? #No
Bob Casey said rich people are willing to pay more. I don't think he is talking to the right people. How about talking to the middle class
Better question is, why are we paying all of you to do nothing but obstruct each other?
Republicans ran obstruction campaign for 8 years for childish reasons. Dems need to obstruct the hell out of this WealthCare bill.
Where were your calls for comity and bipartisan friendly "let's fix it" when you worked for #FoxNews? All I remember is #RepealReplace!
I'll cover it for you.
Who cares what you think.  You make me turn off @MSNBC you annoyingly interrupt your speakers so does @HardballChris ugh.
Give em hell 
http://sorry.watch  @MSNBC for decent journalists news I don't care what their opinion is.I dislike @greta she's annoying .
Thought it was funny. Lol

So Huckabee gets caled out for lying, keeps lying, and you consider it "light"? You're an embarrassment to journalism.
That is the sole objective of the repeal: to get rid in the 3.8% tax on investment income over $250,000.
I think it's simple. Ask for the stars...expect them to be debated and deleted or adjusted. The ol' "a little is better than nothing in DC".
What the D's are not saying is that the ACA is too expensive, large entitlement and useless. Premiums and deductibles out of this world
Which is exactly what AHCA will do and worse.
If we add paid Medicare option that would fix ACA! Otherwise just single payer... it  will b cheaper 4 all & you'll have full coverage!
It's because the Dems took there ball and went home.
Why the hell were we told we could keep our Drs? We couldn't. Why the hell are those who voted NObamacare not on it?  #MAGA
Biggest whiny complaint. Try not being able to see a doctor AT ALL.
Because ACA put new & onerous taxes on retirees who saved entire working career to afford retirement on fixed income & have 50% tax increase
Exactly.  Why can't it be about the best health care.  Why is that so hard?
Damn good question!! Please keep asking it!!!

You're just another mouthpiece just like CNN that's where you started apple doesn't fall far from the tree where is your voice @Greta oh ya.
Greta, if #GOP would stop sabotaging #Obamacare and their #RepealReplace rhetoric then Democrats would fix it.
Decades we raise the budget with no control of spending. A reduction is looked as a cut!
Greta Democrats do not paint all rich people as greedy! YOU LIE!
Dems even told you tonight that nobody said that they needed those taxcuts. So how is that painting ALL rich people as greedy?
Yes! @SenBobCasey just made that comment!
A lot of what the R's are proposing benefits themselves. Like Obama always said I don't need the tax cuts. I want it for middle/poor class
It's also assuming that only rich people are Republicans.I know a lot of rich people personally who have A LOT of $, & are against the bill
I was really surprised to hear that comment.
It's disappointing b/c it misses the point why many are disgusted by this health bill. I'm a children's hospital often. Maybe some people
Holding office should go there. But not sure it would change minds. They are beholden to their big donors.
Because it's the WealthCare Act
Sitting in DC fully insured makes u safe senator Casey. Try living a nightmare of large payments& Huge deductibles it's the norm.  It sucks
Get it @SenBobCasey!
Aka TAX & SPEND!!
Yes ACA increased 3% tax on top 400 billionaires & they want it back... even though they pay 19% less than working people including surgeons
But taxing them isn't enough to sustain it, which is why it's failing.
Taxing them isn't the issue, tax cuts are... thats what those tax cuts in healthcare bill are about...
Word!
Because the American people are hurting & they can't use the insurance that is eating up their whole paycheck!
The Democrat Party is imploding on itself. No agenda, no HC ideas, no direction, no leader. No nothing. Ziltch.
Keep telling yourself that, Russia Joe, and maybe you can make it come true. At least in your world.
I see your still watching CNN.Wait till Obama's Administration goes down for collusion BETWEEN the Russians .
Give 'em hell, Senator Casey!
Yeah you have credibility as your name attacks @PatToomey
All the man has to do is meet us face to face. He can't and won't. Doesn't have the guts.
Toomey is always available.  Casey is only available on milk cartons
Is he! So, you've met with him? In person? How'd it go?
I met with him during the last election cycle.  Very approachable.  Couldn't find Casey
Nice! In Philly even? That'd be a surprise. Too bad he refuses to do a town hall in persob literally anywhere in PA.
Cuts being defined as modest increases.
You got heath care roll backs in my tax cut! You got tax cuts in my healthcare rollbacks!
Because its not a HC bill its a tax gift bill and an insurers cutting on a fat hogs ass bill.
Cigna CEO: $17.3 m
Aetna CEO: $17.3 m
UnitedHealth CEO: $14.5 m
Anthem CEO: $13.6 m
Humana CEO: $10.3 m
Tax break due?
Where is AARP?
Good question...because it's a scam....because they are Millionaires who don't give a care in the world for the rest of us.
. What a joke and a waste of tax payers money. They still have no agenda. Sad Sad.
ya gotta love @SenBobCasey !!!
I DO
Why the Hell did the democrats Exempt themselves from their own Law! Obama Sucks Obamacare Sucks
Why were the American people lied to and ObamaCare is so horrible?
You're account looks very bot-like.
Sometimes I think they just like to talk.
