According to reports the latest Graham-Cassidy scheme contains legislative bribes designed to gain votes
The Graham-Cassidy scheme will still  increase premiums for the middle class & decimate Medicaid
The "new" Graham-Cassidy bill appears to be just as cruel & as devastating to families as the previous version.
In fact, according to @washingtonpost, the latest Graham-Cassidy version is even more extreme than the previous version.
As a member of @SenateFinance I have been preparing for a hearing on Graham-Cassidy tomorrow, but now there's a wholly new bill
Can the backers of Graham-Cassidy guarantee that Pennsylvanians won't lose their insurance under their scheme? That premiums won't rise?
Can they guarantee that PA seniors won't be impacted by cuts to nursing home care? How about the impact on  individuals w/ a disability?
The sham process underway for Graham-Cassidy would be inexplicable if the purpose was to actually improve our health care system
But Graham-Cassidy isn't about improving health care for Americans and never has been.
Graham-Cassidy has always been about chasing the ideological trophy of 'repeal.' It will hurt families and is deepy shameful.
Senator Casey, as someone who is both a nurse and suffers from a pre-existing condition, please vote against this atrocity.
Yes. Because like any other kind of insurance I think being a higher risk to the insurer should not matter
You mean we shouldn't all share the burden of the costs, like every other type of insurance? Like car insurance and homeowners?
Are you forced to buy homeowners insurance If you don't own a home?
Can you guarantee you will never fall ill!?!
Why do we have schools? Why it there sales tax? Why is there car registrations and inspections? Why done have a National Institute of Health
Know they have more power than the federal government
Yes, taxes raise money for state and federal for the greater good.  Do you spend time trying to get rid of Medicare?
Scared Murkowski & Collins will take bait. Let others manipulate them. Sell the rest of us out for a meager handout to their states. Hope no

OH THANK GOD! Thank YOU Senator Murkowski! My Senator already came out in support of taking health care away from 100s of 1000s Arkansans.
You should move
No to #CassidyDeathCare
With so much of this tramp must really be close to being taken out by Mueller!  When he goes they all go!
Ding dong the wicked witch is dead. Thank you, @SenatorCollins
I support all efforts 2 STOP GrahamCassidy!  And, if U can do anything 2 get that cell phone away from the #lunaticInChief, that's B great!
Gerrymandering stops accountability at the state level.Most were created and controlled by current crops of GOP! State never protected usB4!
How many more cuts to try and attract a vote or two? Perhaps a different plan to give away a bit more in search of same.
Good!
No!!!!
these guys r like my mother take a challenge turn it into problem and make it worse if u need her #........
I trust you to help.
Can we get help for Puerto Rico?
Judas received 40 pieces of silver for his dirty deed ... Wonder how many millions Koch Bros & others had to pony up to buy 50 Senators
At least they are trying to do something.  What are you doing for your millions of dollars?!
Try your best to NOT let this happen
It'll be safe to bet that it's no better, if not Worse! Money is all that matters to the GOP!
U forgot tbe Dems....corrupt to the core, half of them has been thrown in jail or being investigated
Nocnurse, have you been beamed to Mars?
When I got there u was there to greet me
#RepealandReplacetheGOP 
#RepealandReplaceTrumpPence
#SaveACA
#NoDeathCareforTrumpKochTaxBreaks
#NOMOREGOPTREASON
Scheme huh? Such childlike tactics.
Scheme is right!
Why are they doing this? Why benifit the few and kill the many?
What R they using to come up with these BS ideas. SCRABBLE FOR DOCTORS?
Who are these clapping women
It'll be stopped.
We cannot assume anything.  Contact and flood Toomey’s lines.  If you are not from PA, use @make5calls to find out who your sen. it and call
I'm just trying to be optimistic is all.
Yes, we were optimistic too right up until about midnight on nov 8th. Then our world crashed.
I knew that wasn't going to happen in our favor Nov 8th. Anyways, I'll continue to hope this death of a bill doesn't pass. Have a good night
bob!-SCHEME-isbetter
suitedtourseat&tweet
hoponpotusagenda
train&changeurTEAM
fortheamericanDREAM
it's-soSWEET-prosperity
forposterity-
No version of#TrumpCare Must be allowed to pass the Senate http://floor.Save  the ACA.Protect our Health Care.
You just want to have more control over people.  The government has no place in our Healthcare
And the GOP will believe it
Vote yes and get out of my healthcare
Then you come up with a plan to fix Obama care.  It's a mess!
No better than last probably worse rewritten to get Rand Paul on board his job is to hold out so they can make it crueler than the original
STOP THIS HERESY AGAINST THE NATION! JUST STOP!
New versions of Trumpcare are like the constant release of New & Improved Lucky Charms, except Trumpcare takes away marshmallow surprises.
This country is on the brink of disaster from within & worldwide, how long are you going to let this go on? Trump is destroying us!
Us british don't want private sector health care we see you and know that it' s imoral.our government are selling us out.
Scheme is the perfect disclaimer for this. Bribing Senators.
Oh, perfect. That means the current CBO score is meaningless & they'll shove another bill down our throats we don't know ramifications of.
make it go away please. we have other things to worry about after this, like our treasury (emols) & our country (our long term future)
No no no a thousand time know. They should swallow pride and sit down with dems.
They're trying to bribe Alaska and Maine into going along. Let's hope their senators continue to keep the entire nation in hearts and votes.
We know you'll be voting NO.  What about your colleague (& our bane) @SenToomey? Will this @GOP stooge put people over party for once?
Same Obama plan under a different name
Thank you Senator for always fighting for us. Shame on you GOP for trying to take away our health insurance.
@SenBobCasey you are a good Senator. Thank you for your hard work and faithfulness to Pennsylvania.
Keep up the pressure for a real bill based on dialog and compromise.  Ramming something through is a diaster.
Vote No!
empty your pockets, that money don't belong to you.
Love how you are willing to work to get this done. Quit bad mouthing it and work on it
Senator the people of PA expect a yes vote from you nothing less or we will vote for someone else next election. Vote YES!!!! Pass the bill!
Vote no as you do on all administration bills.. then join Tommy and fine a safe place to read Marx & Engels.
Senator, let me share this question and will you please pass it on to any colleague who might answer it? Thank you.
As part of Lehigh Valley For All, we're doing all we can to help defeat this horrible bill - working hard to persuade Toomey - plz help us.
What about the Americans in Puerto Rico?
Insurance companies should not be in the healthcare business we need to get them out for peace sake!
So sad that our elected officials do not choose to protect and help all Americans.And to do it in a bipartisan democratic way. Republicans 
Sooo...unevaluated revisions...there is no way a GBO score is going to get done in time. Procedure error.

#NoGrahamCassidy
#TrumpDeathcare
The question is how will Americans be covered in the event of a nuclear war with NK!
just replace Obama care, please! I've worked since 55 years- thus I have Healtncare. Get a job, Get rid of Medicaid!

Seriously, the deconstructionists are masters of disinformation. Don't be distracted. Call, write, fax, email, tweet and post. #ConJob 
VOTE NO. Ethics matter. Not killing people matters.
How many "schemes" did the Democrats have before they passed Obamacare? Cornhusker kickback, turned water on for farmers in CA? More.
States against states =
#GOPhungergames healthcare
If YOU hadn't voted for obamacare there would not be a Graham-Cassidy bill.
Because Republicans are "cruel and devastating" to the Country.
Be it new Graham-Cassidy or the old mess, even @ChuckGrassley has reasons for it NOT to be considered but it's for donors NOT for the people
We saw it, and we still don't want it. #KillTheBill.
The blood lust is to strong for these animals they have to kill millions
Vote no!!!
VOTE NO!
Well, they are trying to buy Alaska, Maine and Arizona Senators votes. Those states will get more $.
When you, Dufus, start PAYING the same high premiums as the rest of us, I'll listen to your lies.
Keep fighting the good fight, Senator Casey.  We are watching.  We applaud you.
Can you please speak with your esteemed colleague @SenToomey and tell him majority of PA says vote "no" on this? He won't respond to me.
For every scheming Republican there is a scheming Democrat. There's equality for ya.
Sounds like @GOP coining a new phrase - equitable distribution aka bold faced bribery. #GaslightingAmerica #goplies
this bill may a scheme but so is ACA...u own that bill that did little to live up to the fake promises
Your wonderful ACA was the "SCHEME"!!!  BHO pushed nothing but lies
Please vote against this bill.
Please vote yes. PA will have more control over health care for it's constituents.
We know you will vote against it. What is the new plan?
Call, Pray. Make it known the Villians should not win this fight!
I am sure It's another Trump bill and one he thinks he can bribe people to accept. Not going to happen.
Stop scheming on the American people and release everyone's tda accounts and trust funds fraudulently held by the federal reserve
Are you trying to imply that you read this?
Sad  GOP is trying so hard to kill healthcare for millions and millions of Americans while all time getting insurance funded by taxpayers
The stress the the GOP is causing Americans is getting unbearable for people with pre existing conditions, chronic illness and the disabled.
It won't pass.
How can anyone believe what is being put forward. So many half thought out, desperate to push bills. #GrahamCassidyBill
http://abc27.com/2017/09/22/pennsylvania-loses-billions-under-gop-bill-analysts-say/ … Sen here's what They are going to do to PA! Give a copy to that Skunk Toomey
Ready, set - get to the telephones!
This is a nightmare
@lisamurkowski @SenSchumer @SenatorCollins #pleasekillthebill #SaveACA #SaveLives #thisbillkillsamericans #Resist
They are killing Wemen,Men and Children and Youth in Biafraland,Nigeria Govt. Backed by Brtian are at it again. They killied 3.5milion 1967
Thank you for all you're doing.
scheme?????!
Government
Of
Putin
SCHEME of CORRUPT LIARS
Smoke/Mirror CoverUp
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
ALL GUILTY
#TrumpGOPtreason
If it gets mean enough, Rand Paul will be back in
Plz keep fighting this atrocity sir!!
Stop this garbage RIGHT NOW
It is just wrong how this is being shoved through with no public hearings... CBO score ... senate debate.. SHAMEFUL!
There is a new definition of insanity. Graham-Cassidy. Isn't is so true. You can put lipstick on a pig but it's still a pig.
I know you'll stand against this bill, and I thank you for your resistance. 18974
Scheme is putting it nicely.


The quid pro quo bill?
Nooooooooooooooooo
Omg
Monday's hearing is illegitimate. No CBO score & last minute rewrite of the bill means people won't know what they are debating.
Vote no! Doesn't it disturb you that they are only offerings things to certain senators for their vote, but it will effect all of America
Wednesday!! Make calls tomorrow and Tuesday.
Trying to buy @SenatorCollins and @lisamurkowski at the expense of the rest of the nation. @GOP are scum.
Does this ever stop?
Anything to hurt ppl. How when why did this happen?
.How is voting a scheme?
#GrahamCassidy will only appease the Koch Bros who threatened to withdraw $400 Mil in donations if repeal wasn't past & tax cut 4 them
Scheme like a new con? To trick Americans into accepting a shitty substitute for what they already have?
I will be calling @SenToomey tomorrow.. I understand this will be horrible for Pennsylvania! Thank you @SenBobCasey  for standing up for us!
I have had it with these sneaky motherfuckers. When this whole thing is over, and if we survive it, let's make a bunch of new rules.
I sure it even more nasty than the first
They are sneaky bastards. Trying anything to get a "win" under their belt at the expense of the American People
#GiveTrumpTheFinger https://twitter.com/JasonLongDickey/status/912149728674107392 …
Nothing like 3 days to decide the fate of 300 million people and 1/6 of the economy well done #GOP criminals well done #bankrupty
Scheme? 
Wow. Please consider the relevance this 'scheme' has on the millions of Americans betrayed by Obamacare. Repeal please- no schemes
I saw Rand Paul say earlier, if they gut way more money out of it, he would vote for it. So it's only going to get worse from here.
C'mon Senator we've got real things to worry about...like who took a knee during football games
Thank you, Senator. It's a late night.
Keep strong, Senator, and do the best thing for the people of PA. We depend on you to be our voice.
The "scheme". Word again!  
There is a special place in hell with your name on it
Their cruelty knows no bounds.
Disgraceful. Meaningful legislation languishes while the GOP keeps trying to hurt us.
@realDonaldTrump @mike_pence It's clear that Republicans don't care about their constituents or Americans; only their donors.
Wow that doesn't even seem like enough time for senators to read & debate it, let alone get a CBO score. Oh wait...#SaveACA #NoGrahamCassidy
Not worried about Casey voting no, Toomey's the problem
Three days before the vote seems like a good time to roll out proposals on 1/6th of the economy and everyone's health care.
Why R u  politicians so disingenuous ???
Where's the democrats plan sir?   Crickets....
The new scheme will include more goodies for...wait for it...Alaska & Maine.  Yes, Alaska as in Sen Murkowski & Maine as in Sen Collins.
Bribes. These people are f'n shameless.
if @SenToomey says he is a no, Pennsylvania can get a lot more money with graham Cassidy. how this is legal, certainly not ethical or moral
would love for Toomey to be a no by listening to voters, @SenateGOP this is a bad bill made worse by bribes to no votes. Try regular order.
Call,call,call
Schemes, such as pyramid or Ponzi...rarely have good outcomes. Just say no!
I can't move 2 Alaska/Maine Senator Casey! There's no market 4 me there! Where's our freedom in that?! What happened 2 The United States?!
Dotard Trump. 
As a daughter that has a sick father with pre- existing condition in a nursing home please don't pass this bill!!
You're lack of support garrenties my vote for somebody else.
What part of "take your time and do it right" don't they understand ?
Demand a CBO score. #NoScoreNoVote
More lies & deception? Why are they so afraid to go bipartisan? Is taking credit for something more important than helping people?
To the @GOP yes. It is.
How how convenient on a Sunday night... night before @LindseyGrahamSC @BillCassidy TH tomorrow night...LIES abt Suicide Healthcare Bill...
That's totally reasonable. #Not
Bigger than the original OCare scheme which is collapsing?
If you'd voted for a better person than Trump, it'd be doing fine. #PissPoorPresident #Dotard #DumbestManInAmerica
Also appears you moderates not doing so well with fundraising but won't understand why until...never.
Stand strong against the bill
Ugh- this chaos is disgusting. Is Muller working nights and weekends?
Thank you for alerting us, Senator.
Yes, thank U
One might think this is a terrible bill seeing as bribery is needed to obtain votes.
Oooops all Ds voted for OCare. No bribery?
Is that the only reason you can think of? Maybe they actually wanted a healthier citizenry and were willing to pay the political price?
If this plan is so wonderful, why did they exempt themselves from it. This is not healthcare it is #deathcare
Rush legislation is wrong, unfair, #fake.
Sweetening deal for AK and ME, huh? As if no other states matter. I get it. I just don't see @lisamurkowski or @SenatorCollins on board.
Hope not
Of course there is...they are trying their best to fool the senators they need to get the votes 
And it's even worse. Please vote no.
About time this happens! #Obamacare is a failure and needs to be #RepealedAndReplaced
When you can't afford insurance, or you won't be covered because you have a pre-existing condition, don't even cry.
And it's horrible.. It just gets worse and worse. Multiple risk pools.. no caps on out of pocket expenses..
Short term bribery with long term state financial loss. To certain states not Pa
Start praying!
Buying off Senators with fake numbers
Shorter GOP:
