That's comforting. Just wake up from your morning nap?
What is too extreme Senator? Your hyperbole is similar to a 4th grader.
and what about Sotomayor and Ginsberg?
Thank you for standing up for your constituents and the nation. Only wish @SenToomey had your moral courage & ethics.
Your far to liberal to be a senator. Chuck, Nancy, Diane & you should hang it up oh wait the elections are coming up.
So disappointed in you, Senator. Gorsuch has a stellar record as a judge and would be great on the court.
How dare he follow the rule of law set by the Constitution of the United States. Bob it's bcos of people like you who are destroying country
Could you maybe ask about that little problem of plagiarism. Thank you.
Hope he does!!
Go on and oppose one of the better judges ever put up for the supreme Court... You just shoot your own foot.
Bobby, you can't really believe this drivel you're spouting?? Be your own man!!!
Thank you.
Give them the devil, so to speak. Maybe some hell, too.
A MAN WHO REFUSES to answer important questions that will IMPACT ALL AMERICANS should NEVER be a SCOTUS. THAT IS A COWARD!!!
Thank you! #NoOnGorsuch
Thank you for representing PA with honor!!  At least we have one good senator.
Casey is a career bought Politician.  Not good for Congress, Drain him out with the Swamp
Honor my butt. Never holds town Halls west of Scranton. Goes to churches and campaigns but that's ok if you're a democrat
He's taken my calls!  He even spoke with me when I was registered republican
Sorry bout your luck..... Haha
He doesn't agree with the liberal POV. Yes for democrats that is just to extreme!
As a constituent in your district your no vote is not in the best interest of our country.
Is freedom extreme?
You are perfect for this task but don't get lost on your way..
Too extreme my ass. Stop with the party line bullshit
Thank you for representing PA! This fillibuster is so important!
You mean wasting our money again? Because that's all your doing.
Per Rule XXII @SenateMajLdr McConnell can’t drop filibuster rule in mid session without a 2/3rds affirmative vote.
True but if @SenMajLeader extends leg day, and he should, rule XIX applies. 2 speech max, cloture then vote
Extreme??? Oh my! He is perfect! It is you and your party who are extreme!
You will not get my vote this time or e ver
thank you, from a PA voter, on your stance on Gorsuch.  You are a credit to the senate.
@LedJEFFlin give to them!!!!
Hey Bob while you still have a job(ur being voted out next year) you may as well vote America 1st and not liberal fascism.
This is unacceptable Senator call for SCOTUS injunction before vote we can not tolerate much more ty
I look forward to volunteering for your re-election campaign. Keep up the great work!
Dont forget to refuse to shake his hand after he is confirmed anyway. Need as many meaningless gestures as possible in these difficult days.
partisan hack....that is what you are
Hey Bob, when you compare his views against your far left elitist views they seem extreme
@MsBirch thank you for your service to our country #Gorsuch #fillibuster #StopGorsuch
you're just a progressive liberal hack with no real reason other than your warped ideology,you've killed middle-class,2018 done
Thank you Senator Casey! 
show them how us Scrantonians work!!
That's my Senator
Thank you @SenBobCasey !!  You are reasonable and willing to listen to your constituents. Unlike your counterpart @SenToomey .
Thank you, Sen. Casey! #WeThePeople - a MAJORITY - appreciate your service to ALL Americans! .
VOTE GORSUCH!!!!!
Thank you senator casey, talk a long long long time please!
Thank You for speaking to protect our rights under the constitution #NoGorsuch
Do you mean the philosophy of following the law not political interests?

.@SenateDems @SenCortezMasto @SenDuckworth The kids have your back! Stand up tall and fight, ma. Vote #NoGorsuch! Tweet thread  https://twitter.com/unseatpac/status/849226644946432000 …
Thank you for your continued efforts to best represent your constituents.
questions 2 ask,where is Merrick Garland? when does he get confirmed?
Thank you!
Go get them, Senator! Thank you! @IndivisibLburg #gorsuch #SCOTUSnominee
Thank you!
Please read them the Steele Dossier over and over and over.. Thank you sir.
Thank you senator
Do your job and confirm you hack!
Thank you!

He will be a member of the SCOTUS on Friday
Did Chuck write what you're supposed to say? This partisanship will be remembered at your next election. An embarrassment to PA.....
His record is anti-individual rights. The Constitution is pro-individual rights. SCOTUS upholds the Constitution. NO on Gorsuch. PA-11 voter
Thank you!!
Ty
Please make it quick. Some people want to see there family today.
No plagiarist for Supreme Court !
Just once, do what's right by PA and America and demand that Rice appear before Congress. Quit playing the stooge for the left.
Senator Casey thank you so much for #holdthefloor 
#PatriotSenator 
Standing with you from Florida! 
Give them heck, Senator.
#HoldTheFloor
If confirmed it will be a nomination by a Traitor in Chief.
Hold the floor 
You tell 'em, Senator!
Investigate Rice and the survelance of Republic candidates for Presidency for the past year !
Thank you!
You are such a sad, transparent, political hack. Confirm Gorsuch. Do you really think anybody thinks you stand on anothing but DNC drivel?
U need to start listening to Middle Class Pennsylvania People!  Move on and fix our problems in PA !
Come on. Cut the partisan crap. If Gorsuch was bad for America how and why did he get unanimous support to the district court.
Different standard. Lifetime tenure.
Thank you so much for all you're doing.
Why are they even moving this forward while Trump/Russia is being investigated? If proven, he'll have been seated by a traitor.
I wish I knew. I don't think the democrats have any say  or power to stop it. GOP in complete control & constitution thrown out the window.
thank you Senator Casey I appreciate your standing firm against Gorsuch.
Thank you Senator!! I'm so grateful for your strong voice of reason!
Thank you!!!!!!!!!!
@SenBobCasey #holdthefloor WE appreciate it!   My reps are working hard too!  True patriots!! Don't let them take our country!
He supported Hobby Lobby- I protested outside SCOTUS for 3 hours in sleet and snow during the hearing
Block him
Good luck
As Chuck Schumer said today.."Bobby," THANK YOU!
Thank you Senator!

Thank you Senator.
Thank you, Senator Casey! At least we have one decent Senator in PA
You are correct Janine. Unfortunately, it's not this one!
@SenateDems get over it all ready work together or stay home
Thank you, Senator Casey! #NoGorsuch
THANK YOU Senator! We got your back!!
I have no words for the irrelevance of your argument against gorsuch. Nothing more than dirty politics. Casey out 2018.
Casey out 2018
You and your friends need some counseling on our Constitution if you find this judge too extreme. Sotomayor & Ginsberg are extreme.
Also add that it wouldn't be prudent to confirm SCOTUS while the president is under criminal investigation.
KIDS CAN SEE PARENTS IN PRISON OCCASIONALLY CAN'T SEE IF DEPORTED ALOT INNOCENT PEOPLE SET UP BY CORRUPT POLICE DECTECTIVES
STOP ALL DEPORTATIONS ICE RAIDS ARRESTS HURTING KIDS WOMEN ALL CRYING DON'T DEPORT ANYONE EVEN IN PRISON
Thank you!
Thank you!  We are counting on you.
2018 can't come soon enough - we need the to get the house back..... dnc and corporate Dems need to start listening to the progressives
Pissing up a rope there. Just another example of how worthless congress is.
Thank you!
Give 'em hell!!! 
STOP GORSUCH UNTIL WE KNOW IF TRUMP IS CRIMINAL OR NOT!
Thanks Senator Casey!
Go Bob go! #AnotherDamnAmericanHero
Thank you sir!!!
I don't care!  Nuke em!
I support your efforts!!!
Give em hell
Godspeed
You go! Represent PA proudly!
Thank you!
Proud of you being my Senator!
#WeThePeople of #Pennsylvania appreciate you standing up for us, sir!  #representuswell #NoGorsuch
Wow your really clueless
So you plan to malign the opinion of the ABA? http://www.americanbar.org/publications/governmental_affairs_periodicals/washingtonletter/2017/march/gorsuch.html …
Thanks!
Thank you, Sen. Casey! PA loves you!
He's the most moderate judge I've ever heard. 2700 + briefs , 97% affirmed   Vs Kagen w/ NO bench experience!  Shame on Dems @SenateDems
Thank you. Keep going.
NO LIFETIME APPOINTMENTS WHILE 45 IS UNDER A COUNTER-INTELLIGENCE INVESTIGATION.
Caps for cruise control because:
Without a COMPLETE, INDEPENDENT investigation of 45s Russia ties there can be/should be NO SCOTUS vote! #NoGorsuch #russiagate
Bob, Maybe your political philosophy is too extreme for America?

Thank you!
Not nearly as extreme as Kagan
Thank you!
@SenateDems So the new Democrat rules for a Supreme Court Justice is their politics? Not they judicial record? Bull crap!
thank you
Gorsuch is a terrible consequence of Chump's reign, which will be felt for generations to come. He cares too little about average Americans.
he cares to little about America
Give em heck, Senator!
Too bad.. your pathetic party can do nothing to stop it!
We're with you Senator Casey. Thank you!
@SenateDems Why don't all the Dems just be truthful and say if I don't vote No, the DNC will cut me off!
Because democracy.
Give them hell!
thank you senator Casey! Stay strong!!
THANK YOU!
THANK YOU!! I am a constituent 19070. Thank you for fighting for us. We have your back!
Thank you, Senator! Proud to have you representing us!
Thank you.
We are with you! #RESIST
Thank you for standing up for the state of Pennsylvania in this very important decision.
Go get 'em. Fight the good fight!
Thanks!
Go get em! 
WILL there be a live feed?
Go get 'em Bob!
#doyourjob #growup
What do you mean ???
By mindlessly supporting these juvenile back and forth catfights, you're no different than the idiots you despise. #think #partiesaredumb
Thank you! 
Term limits bob.
Shut it Bot.
You've tweeted 5 times and all you say is "term limits." have Vlad update your coding.
No Hackjob Bob is a joke. He needs to go!
