The @SenateGOP won't even yield for questions about their own bill. Maybe because it’s indefensible?
Maybe because Ocare is shit for middle class 
They do that bc they think they are slick and are worried that it wont make it so by giving limited it time they hope it will pass #stupid
Thank you , thank you , thank you!
I am terrified. I didn't know how Alt-Right the GOP was. Why do they want to destroy our country?
Where is the oversight in this nonsense. The American gov't is behaving like a immature, floundering, corrupt, developing country.
The @SenateGOP is making it clear they are opposed to the procedures and processes of representative democracy.
Why would you want extra time
 You had no intentions of reading or voting yes. Stop acting like you have independent thoughts. Dem Party 1st
@SenateGOP are SCUM! They have to lie, cheat, & steal to get anything done & don't care who they screw in the proces! Waste to democracy!
Someone fake an injury then to stop shit.
Thank you Bob Casey, for working for Pennsylvanians.
Please keep fighting this bill!! Cheering you on from PGH!
@SenBobCasey thank you for fighting and not letting the GOP win
If the GOP could somehow bring Osama bin Laden back to life, I bet they would since he was caught on Obama's watch.
How is this something that is legally allowed to happen?
And at the polling booths, we will VOTE them out of office!
Hmmm... I have to go with Nancy on this one
So much for it being a deliberative body
Not surprising Senator. Stay great! We are depending on you.
#GOPDONTGIVEAF0CK
I pray those that voted yes never get another restful night of sleep again. Ever.
GOP has signed a pledge to Trumpet that dismisses any questioning of his NAZI influences = Goebbels lives on with Trumpet/Putin goals!
They are going to pass this abomination and the not "conference" a damn thing. What the hell is wrong with these people?
Senator Casey and all Dems Will speak against it FOREVER,  no
They r old. It's passed their bedtime
Watching it and it's making me pace and grind my teeth! Our lives are on the line! This isn't a game!
Make a disturbance and force them to arrest you?
@OverUnderClover @SenateGOP Stop waiting for permission! They've hijacked our democracy and you want an invitation? Rise up!
Vote it down then
What kind of due process is that??  Horrid @GOP
continue on senator!  I am tired of the sos exhausted by the bs.  I hate trump BUT I do want change and a disruption from the sos
#keepfighting
Voting at 12:00 Midnight.
They breaking the rules @SenateDems MUST ALSO BREAK RULES! If going down, go down fighting! You can do it!
Why did boring, rude @SenatorEnzi get the honor?
And that surprises anyone ??
How will they justify economic meltdown if this passes?
Ocarina is entirely a rope put on Americans by filthy gangs and the mission of freedom is to throw them into toilet and create new contract
I am watching and he is deplorable. Rambling about nothing even pertinent to the bill. GOP senators have no shame.
Nasty and spiteful to the end Karma to each and everyone of them
Villains.
U have  #noHonor
#corruptPolitician #GOPPOS
Umm...yeah. This is bullshit.
Watching on cspan ridiculous this rep is just rambling to blow time admits it refuses to answer any questions ... let rep OWN THE DEATHS!
#SHAME @GOP!!!
I'd be scared for my own life if I voted to take  away healthcare from 16 million people
Thank you for fighting @SenBobCasey !!! So proud you represent me in PA! (15232)
What else is there to be said. Vote and get this over with. 
@GOP there will be a special place in hell for you if this passes.
How is this allowed? This sounds like North Korea!
They don't have answers. They certainly don't want you to illuminate the problems. The ink was still wet when it came to the floor.
Sen. Enzi is trolling you. Dog in the manger.
@senatorenzi keeps saying he respected the Democrats' time; did any GOP senators ask questions or were they busy texting their lobbyists?
There were hearings and many Republican amendments added
Just pathetic,,.spinless, cowards.
You could find grammatical problems? Or synthax errors?
Shame!
What a travesty
THIS IS DISGRACEFUL!!!!  UNACCEPTABLE!!!!
This is disgraceful !
Stand up without a mic and speak!!!!!!!!!
This is complete bullshit Senator Casey.  Bullshit
Lets just keep obummercare
They have so much respect for the process.
Um they had given you 2 hrs.
Yes. SEN ENZI. SHUT HIM UP
This senator speaking is an ass clown
Go turn on the fire alarm.
Go down there and hit Enzi
