"We should never hesitate to call out hate. Whenever and wherever we see it." -OGH https://www.hatch.senate.gov/public/index.cfm?p=releases&id=F96C3063-3D77-4858-B3DB-C4D37BA9A6F7 … #Charlottesville #utpol 
And you, sir, need to get Hatch and the others to band together and rid our country of Trump and his administration.
Thank you.
President Trump fully denounced White Supremacy and the violent  extremism of Antifa. @SenBobCasey should have the courage to do the  same.
Antifa is not a real group and besides, nobody mentioned any antifa. It's an alt right fabrication you dummy
Senator, action not words. Demand POTUS resignation.
Way too late. Drumbeat for impeachment please! Yesterday.
True but there's still this freedom of speech thing people seem to forget about.
@senorrinhatch thank you but this just another distraction from Mueller investigation. Keep your focus
Senator, enough of this! Tweeting is not enough.  Doing nothing now means you are willing to tolerate Trump's racism, insanity. #DoSomething
Senator please stop making this horrible event a political thing.  Help solve the problems.
Don't you get it yet? He SHARES this hateful ideology.
When someone shows you who they are, believe them !
You need to start impeachment proceedings. Even if you can't as minority party in Senate, time to call for it very publicly. Shame others
He is our very own in-house domestic terrorist recruiter. GET RID OF HIM
Both groups need our condemnation but the left protects their storm troopers antifa
Call. For. Impeachment.
you are asking him to LIE some more, remove this trash from office now
Didn't BO invited the terrorist organization BLM to the Whitehouse? Just saying.
No he should #resign or you should #impeach him @SenBobCasey .
Thanks for speaking out against this sick, dark, disgusting comparison of people for and against hatred and bigotry!
What difference does it make to condemn something he really doesn't feel needs condemnation. To do so would just be lying to our faces again
@senorrinhatch How do we work on the core problems of young men who feel unloved and unimportant? I wonder.
Agreed. Pls stop & rid us of Trump & his evil cohorts; he's a cancer on our country, unrepentant, unredeemable. Trump must go away ASAP!
Opposition to hate is never a two sided issue!  Obliteration of such ideology is our moral duty as Americans!
But we cannot trust hos words of condemnation or placating. No more. Get him out. #DoSomething
Trump needs to be impeached! He is a danger to our country and democracy.
As a Catholic, @SenBobCasey should condemn the murdering of babies in the womb.
Demand impeachment. Now.
Calling out hate doesn't change it, it only aggravates the situation. Psychologists say not to respond to behavior you want to dampen.
#Impeach45 or #InvokeThe25Th
Well Bob, whatcha gonna do about it! Stand up to this racist and keep America great!
Trump's remarks today were repugnant. Your Repub colleagues must call him out by name
#ImpeachTrump #impeachTrumpNow #impeach45
...and that started the violence.
Thank you Senator!
President Trump is president of Nazis and white supremacists, not Americans.
Please encourage impeachment or removal from office. He's crazy and he plans on pardoning all of his buddies
if only we could engineer such a president @theepresidentai
What are you doing?
Nows the time-hold the GOP to match words w/ACTIONs. Restore voting rights, stop suppression. Lets watch the GOP wither behind trump shadow
And you should do the same with Antifa
@SenBobCasey thank you for all you do...
Our Nation can no longer be run by this Entire Administration... PERIOD! IMPEACH the #TrumpCrazyTrain
He did.
Any member of the T-Rump Administration who does not resign on their own accord including newbie General Kelly is just as complicit!
PA Voter here @SenBobCasey I, implore you to do all you can to "25 - 45" or #ImpeachTrumpNow This is complete Lunacy! 
He has. How many friging times and ways do you friging liberals think he should do it. JC
Trump made his stand and drew his line.. you need to make a stand a decide where you are
Senator Casey, I am proud you represent me. Please condemn the irrational words & thoughts of POTUS. Do this with all your colleagues
Time to face the fact thst @realDonaldTrump can't survive without fostering hate among his minions.
Impeach this monster... our entire government is an embarrassment
Introduce a bill that list White Supremacist and Nazi's as terrorist.
Too late Bob. He gave them a full throated endorsement. He is incapable of governing.
Mr. Trump shares their ideology!
Too late, we need a bipartisan removal from office, then work with @SenToomey on bipartisanship on ACA fix, taxes, infrastructure
He should #resignnow
Too late, Senator
Senator Bob, his dad was a Klansman. Potus is just carrying on his family tradition. Expect no reason from that foolish excuse for a human.
How about bi-partisan health care tax reform infrastructure
How about bi partisan health care tax reform infrastructure
Then it follows that the entire congress opens up impeachment procedures now- at least strip him of the power to start a nuclear war
Too late, he showed his true colors, a white hood just like dear ole dad. He can't walk it back now, #GOP must ACT not talk.
He said exactly what he meant today, when not stifled by his scripted fake speech yesterday. He needs to be impeached and we need Congress.
Trump IS a White Supremacist. Do you not yet realise it? @SenBobCasey ? Any #GOP senators who continue to support or coach him are complicit
Sen Hatch, bless his heart, issued a mealy mouthed statement which can be read as a "both sides" equivocation similar to trump's first.
And what picture is shown depicting the hate? Only 1 group is shown.
If this is true ? Doesn't this make you a  domestic enemy of the constitution Bobby? Eh?
Did you call out antifa and BLM yet. you know,  ones that went on a cop killing spree in Texas? #RecallCasey #DrainTheSwamp #DNCFraudlawsuit
It's too late. There's no going back from today's statements.
Bobby, you miss his presser today? When will you unequivocally condem ANTIFA and Black Lives Matter and their actions against innocents?
Hey Senator!! How about condemning #Antifa, #BLM, & every other #AltLeft group that was there committing violence??
Still waiting for your declaration of the racial makeup of your entire staff are you a closet racist Bobby?
You were saying Bobby?
Everyone knows their ideology is hateful, but that doesn't give you liberals the right to try & block them from protesting.
#impeach
You mean should HAVE followed?
He could scream it from the mountain top and it wouldn't matter to you . He could cure cancer and you would bitch that it took him too long!
It is too late for that Bob. There is no one left who would believe him. This is terrible. God save us.
Those neo Nazis are the best thing that happened to youBob. They gave you some to blame for all your liberal failures
The time has come to do something about it. Our country cannot be led by an individual who condones white supremacy...
Please save our healthcare for the hands of the monster we have to call POTUS.
No words
Thank you senator. We haven't heard anything from the other so called senator from pa.
Please, sir! We cannot take much more of this.
Where were these cries when Obama refused to condemn radical Islam?
Is it bipartisan?  GOP still supports a pretend leader, they become as despicable as him destroying democracy.
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP
To politicize these tragic events for political gain is appalling. You should be ashamed of yourself.
You and the rest of Congress need to start working now to remove him from office. He is unfit to serve. #ImpeachTrump
Too late. He essentially espoused it today.
Please do something to save us from this hate-filled unstable man.
The sick ideology is called Christianity.
Do it then and set a precedent and stop allowing Nazi cowardice to rule.
Too late. POTUS has gone full Nazi. The mask, as poor a disguise as it was, is off. The GOP is now the American Nazi Party.
Respectfully sir, he needs to go. No more excuses or words. We need action.
Please please use whatever influence you have to get trump out!
Uh, he just did the complete opposite there, Bob. Not happening.
Not good enough senator, everyone must unite who is in an official status to remove this unqualified #45 from highest office in our land.
What do we have to do to remove him from the WH? He has proven himself to be a hateful bigot that sides with white supremacists. Please help
It's good to finally see bipartisan agreement
He did. ALL of it,  not just the ones you don't support.
Senator, thank you for leading the fight, but it's way to late for him to condemn this. He's a Nazi sympathizer. Start fomenting for ouster.
Please get trump out of office asap
HE DID THAT YESTERDAY
Presidents of
the United States of 
#ImpeachTrump
He's done. He needs to be removed from office.
We are way pass this Senator! Call on @SpeakerRyan to get on with the impeachment. A racist, KKK coddling @POTUS is unfit to lead all of us!
Then its a good thing we dont have a racist in the office of president. #StandWithTrump
Oh Sir, We can't stand by anymore. This is an emergency. A presidential call for civil war.  PLEASE DO SOMETHING MORE. HE'S GOT TO GO.
No point because we know he is a white supremacist so he can't honestly condemn White domestic terrorists. He rationalizes & "both sides" it
Time to evict the Fake President from our house
NO. TRUMP NEEDS TO GO!
To late he has made his bed. And made clear on his thoughts etc.
.@realDonaldTrump should be removed from office tonight, Senator. He is a danger to the country. Help us, we beg you.
POTUS must be a honest politician of higher standard. Pres Trump belongs to all now. We call political conscience & justice...
Unfortunately it's coming from the WH...
During WWII, were the Allied forces behaving like 'violent thugs' ?
Too late now...
