Order issued by @realDonaldTrump was an insult to women. No private employer has the right to deny women access to birth control
Thank you
Why don't you introduce legislation to rescind politicians who get elected because of their father's name.
Don’t forget that his father received a miraculous organ transplant after a young black man was mysteriously killed...just saying
The woman that want to kill there baby's should pay for them out of there pockets!  Not taxpayers pocket
@SenBobCasey Thank you!!! Please get MORE vocal!!!! WE NEED YOU in the Senate. #Resist
Thank you Senator Casey
Thank you!
You do realize Senator Casey that ACA charging everyone hundreds of millions of $$$ for $20 birth-control is stupid & unsustainable, right?
#freemarket
Are you referring to abortions after 20 weeks? All I can say is shame on you. You are a sick person, but God will judge, Not I.
Thank you!

Thank you fighting for what is right
Let them buy their birth control,  just don't make me pay for it.
Thank you please get this passed.
Thank you Senator Casey for everything you're doing. Senator Toomey, thanks for nothing.
Thanks for standing up for women’s rights, Senator Casey! As a constituent, I am thankful for your work to ensure bodily autonomy!
It's not a right to have birth control...unless it's medically necessary, it's a privilege and you should pay for it not the tax payers.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you. May you prevail. #1reasonforbankruptcy
Thank you. Women’s basic health care depends on access to birth control.
Thank you @SenBobCasey!
Thx Homeboy 
I love they way you use the word “I” in every tweet. I did this or I did that etc. remember, there’s no “I” in TEAM. The USA is a huge team
Until men are made to legit pay, support, raise, or poss. die for a child they help create - they should have no say in any of it.
Thank you for your continued support of women's health, senator!
@PattyMurray is the boss. Just puts her head down and keeps working. Proud she’s my senator.
Thank you! Now introduce the #Impeachment or #25thAmendmentNow to remove this delusional insane nut job out of The White House!
Thank you, Senator!
Again, thank you for being my senator!
Thank you, Senator.
You are starting to make me sick!  BC $7.oo at Walmart.   Save Taxpayers $$$$$.  PARTISAN
Thank you, Senator Casey!!
Thank you. Separation of church and state!
Good luck!
Great thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
What people can't afford condoms that's birth control
Birth control prevents abortion.
OMG.  Casey did something.  He was wrong but, hey it is a start
Killer!!!!! Murderer!!!!! Idiot!!!!!!
Thank you!!!!!
Sluts should pay for their own birth control and abortions.  Why should I as a taxpayer have to pay for it?
You have our support and gratitude.
How very liberal of you!
Thank you!
I wish your mother Bob would have used birth control.
Thank you, Senators!
Thank you Senator!!!
Access 2 birth control is Not limited.We shouldn't have PAY 4 someone else's birth control. Pills R CHEAP, condoms cheaper, abstention FREE!
Senator i dint worry about anymore....its call menopause
Thank you, Senators Casey and Murray!
Thank you Senator Casey and Murray for your commitment to women's health 
Thank you sen Casey it also would allow employers to drop cvrage for sterilization way beyond parameters of Holly Hobby case -Reg not legal
Thank you Senator.
I don't want to pay for birth control coverage.  Where is MY choice??
You have policy that pays for core things/cost is spread, lowered among all policy holders. You pay school taxes,but no kids same idea
Thank you Sen Casey 
Thank you Senator
You do not have my VOTE!
Bravo!!!!
Thank you, Senator Casey!
Your an evil man @SenBobCasey . I don't want to pay for birth control (BC). Some BC are abortifacients. Other BC I morally object too.
Thank you!
@SenatorBobCasey! Birth control is NOT consider "Medical care" ! Insurance companies provide  coverage, if Employer's want to  pay for it !
Lol let us know how that goes
Trying to say you still need birth control Senator?
Your father is spinning in his grave.
Are you paying for it with your own money? I thought you wanted privacy in the bedroom? You got it...with your own expense too.
Thank you!
Thank you to PA's only working Senator.
Thank you.
THANK YOU! WOMEN WHO USE BIRTH CONTROL DON'T GET ABORTIONS! MEN WHO USE BIRTH CONTROL DON'T GET GET AN EXTRA CHILD TO SUPPORT!
Thank you for supporting women's rights and abilities to make choices about their own health and body.
Thank you. All Senators whether Repub or Dem need to start stepping up and doing the right thing for the American people.
You SHOULD be co-sponsoring Medicare for all wherein birth control and all women’s health is available. Oh, but your donors.
Thank You @SenBobCasey & @PattyMurray for trying to help us!  THIS scares me!  WE NEED Medicaid and Medicare! Please help with that too.
Thank you.
Thanks for your efforts.
Thank you, Senator, for working to protect healthcare that’s necessary for so many women, including myself!
Wow! Great! Is it because I emailed you yesterday about just that thing? Because now I feel like I AM making a difference.
Thank you.  So many people don't realize that birth control is used for a lot more reasons then just not getting pregnant.
Way to go liar
Can’t we just rescind his fake presidency and get this over with?
Nothing fake about it honey I think it's fake news you Should get rid of
Religious freedom will win...looks like a failed bill already

You mean FREE access.  Why not make employers pay for your food or transportation while we're at it.
Thank you!
Good job. Glad to see someone is working for the people. Thank you @SenBobCasey
Tell Trump how big and strong and smart he is. ( he'll give you anything you want).
Thank you!!! Anti-abortion should equal pro birth control in my book.
So proud you are my senator. You understand that access to birth control makes abortion rates go down in ways that other Pro-lifers don't.
Thank you Senators!  There are some good people in D.C.
Thank you for something sane and real today.
I tweet this to you fairly often, but a sincere thanks for all you do.
Thank you @SenBobCasey !!! Keep fighting!!
Thank you.
THANK YOU
Thank you @SenBobCasey and @PattyMurray
Thank you, Senator! Pennsylvanians appreciate your tireless efforts.

Thank You, Senator for your service!
you go real well with Murray,two liberal idiots like deer in headlights,can't wait until 2018
What is trumps problem with birth control he getting a payoff4that it's something  He's crooked
Thank you, thank you, thank you. This is between me and my health provider. No one else.
I love u sir, thank u!!   Keep up the great work!! 
he needs to be removed , he is destroying the country never mind possibly being a traitor, indebted to RUSSIA
I thought this was coming from @RepSmucker and was about to faint. Thank you for sticking up for my wife!
Thank you, @SenBobCasey!  You ROCK!  Thank you for standing up for women's reproductive rights!
Thank you
Do you have anything of substance to have or are you just a bot shitposting? Reflects poorly on your intellect, madam.
