Here’s the full post in its kleptocratic glory:

@KevinDarryl @brackster39 @crocodilekatie @mch7576 @mcspocky @S_A_Malcolm @merryDw54 @CaptJaneway2017 @jboogiebrown2 @tmroy @RVAwonk
It hides it well.
In March we filed a FOIA request: Is @POTUS following through on promise to donate hotel profits to US Treasury?
But it needs to be more than just profits, it needs to include all revenue. He should not be increasing equity at taxpayer expense either.
How about all the proceeds Obama got for his books when in office?  It amounted to $millions?  Did people buy his books because he is POTUS?
Bio '04,2 in '08. written prior to election. Book is Intellectual property. Not property-property. Look at their taxes,O donated a lot.
Let's see: O donated 15% of his salary ($64,000) in 2015.  Trump donated 100% of his Q1 salary ($37,000) to NPS.  What does that tell you?
That trump has you hoodwinked. But you won't bother to listen to logic,just fallacies. How much % was that of his money made? Taxes...
Of course they won't answer that. The fact that they're ok with the blatant abuses of this administration is utterly confounding
Ok with the abuses. and come up with lies to make it seem right. Or obfuscations when a lie is to obvious.
1/ Senator Wyden, as your constituent, I ask you to speak with your #House colleagues to find out WHY my multiple Petitions to Impeach Trump
2/ have been ignored by @NancyPelosi et al, despite #House rules that clearly require them to be entered into the record & sent to committee
I'm sure they have thousands of requests. Republicans control house & senate. Dems have tried & blocked by reps. More R's than D's.
Doesn't matter. House rules REQUIRE them to enter each one into the record when received, and forward to a committee.
Okay how do you know they haven't? Please tell me where & how you submitted it & I'll do the same. I Signed petitions= no feedback. Thanks
Rules require Clerk of #House (Hon. Karen Haas) to record all petitions received, enter into Journal and print in Congressional Record.
I searched CR and there's NO entry for ANY Petition. I've sent Petitions to Impeach Trump AND Sessions AND Price. Sent them to @NancyPelosi
and @RepSchrader and a dozen other Democrats. Not one @HouseDemocrats has followed protocol. They've all ignored the Petitions.
Send a bill to trump for production costs and for advertising value. Tired of my tax dollars going to promote his businesses and enrich him.
Cc: .@OfficeGovEthics and .@repblumenauer
This is disgusting. Conflict of interest and self-enrichment by the pres hurts all Americans and breeds corruption.
Trump's base doesn't realize they are supporting exactly what happens in dictatorships. He'd turn the US into one if he could.
Easy: Dishonest @realDonaldTrump is not only the most inept, ignorant, and incurious president in history he's also the  most corrupt.
But will he give billions of dollars to countries that chant 'death to America'?  Leftists act tough vs Americans,  go limp for foreigners.
Why should I pay my taxes if this shit is going to continue? My tax dollars don't support Drumph!
TY makes a profit out of State business at this business of his he needs to conduct affairs of state @WH period.
If only we had already bought & paid for something to do this.. like The White House or Camp David #TrumpRussiaCollusion
Trumptler has documented cases of fighting for lower taxes on his properties as NYC. His D.C. One was to go before court near innaguration
More like the Weekend White House. He's there more often than not on the weekends.
NOT a White House no matter what it is called. It is a private, membership only, RESORT owned/operated by Trump. Taxpayers pay 4 his trips
Just because the President sleeps at a place doesn't mean that place is now a satellite White House.
Call it what it is- his Safespace/hidey Hole.
@SenateGOP @housegop #45administration Must Stop using trumps Florida club instead of our White House! STOP promoting it and stop calling
Hey where you been how are you
Awesome working in flower gardens beautiful weather
I love flower gardening. My husband does the heavy work for me bless his soul! I get to dig and plant to my heart's content.
GOP leadership is wasting more of our tax payers money to enrich Trump and themselves. How can we put a stop to their transgressions?
Do they think they're foxes who have outsmarted us and we can't do anything to stop them from their thievery, lies, and deceptions?
Even the congressional ethics office refuses to charge them or Trump with larceny of tax dollars. What remedies do we have left?
One state can impeach. I researched and wrote a bit on DKos several years ago. Lemme find that.
Hidden lede: The 'briefing' of the entire US Senate on North Korea is really a timeshare sales pitch for Mar-a-Lago adjacent condos!
They're going to sample the chocolate cake! Whenever I get my Soros cash (still waiting!) I'm going to look into it. I'm a big fan of cake.
True! That cake is the biggest most beautiful cake you've ever had. It has a molten chocolate lava center that is like really… Good.
Mmmmm cake 
It's not the winter White House. The United States has 1 White House. This is disgusting
there is a difference between a history lesson and advertisement. People are fed up with the #WHINING from trolls like you!
How many lines need to be crossed before impeachment? Asking for a friend....millions of them
It'll never happen just because Washington is so crooked. Money takes care of everything. Clinton didn't have any when he was impeached
Dvd
Senator, this shameless abuse of our public institutions, tax $ & the presidency itself has me SPITTING MAD. @SenFeinstein @SenKamalaHarris
If only there was a branch of gov't that could hold this administration in check Article II Section 4 & Article I Section 3 of #Constitution
@funder  #trumprussia @StateDept
Because the MSM won't report it & GOP don't object. Sad to say, most of your Dem counterparts are not objecting as well . . .
I'm not only curious, I'm furious #ImpeachTrump
He's merging his business and his administration. #GOP has to get thumbs out of their asses. #sadhu
This is right in your face breaking the emoluments clause, and Drump thinks he can break any law!
Mildest interpretation: So ignorant and inexperienced, despite a zillion warnings about conflict of interest, they don't get the concept.
Disgusting
B'cuz #TrumpHumpers are gullible & won't admit they voted for a self serving opportunistic criminal!
And why ARE WE paying for @realDonaldTrump separation from his wife? #NYCcostsUsMillions

Thank you @ronwyden.  I used to live in Bend!
And they have the nerve to call this Germ infested place Americas Summer White House, & charge Tax payers for this
crap
ANY Republican not calling for this clowns resignation is self serving and should be voted out on their next election, period.
DISLIKE!
More fake news. Forgot how many trips o boo hu made to Hawaii on our tax dollars. How many vacations he took 4 golf in Hawaii
Because #FakePresidentTrump is using our government 2 continue 2 enrich himself & his family at taxpayer expense! #DoMore 2 hold accountable
I am personally so sick of this shit.
Excellent Question! I want to know also
I'm thinking the rest of America wants to know too.
Take the 'c' off of 'curious' and replace it with an 'f'. That's how the taxpayers feel.
Trump should change the name to Mar-A-Logo
Ok, but why is he still visiting the "Winter White House" constantly weeks into spring?
@GOP Does your country mean nothing to you Stop the corruption of the best you could give America for president You have done enough damage
@DrDoreenD @StateDept
Mar-A-Lago; History & how Trump screwed the Post Foundation & Palm Beach 4it: Dr.DoreenDupont :Internet Archive http://ln.is/archive.org/details/OG8m1 … 5min
AGREE
Ron, that hair in the lower posterior has you whining. Are you a DEMO? TAKE A TALLY, no one has spent like Demo Presidents and their wives.
IT'S BECAUSE IT NOW THE TRUMP'S STATE DEPT. IT NO LONGER BELONG TO THE PEOPLE!
If it's the Winter White House, then it belongs to the country.  Sell it to pay for healthcare!
Another Violation for #45 with yet No Accountability Yet? Why isnt #45 being held to the same standard as Real Presidents? Mental illness?
Fascists love monopolies.  Citizens may as well get used to this fight for a level playing field in the battle for upward mobility.
Where is that history about how he bought it and from who and how much he paid and the original intention of the building?
And we are curious about why the Senate investigative committee appears to be dithering.
Isn't this illegal? Doesn't it violate some ethical clause(s)? They took down the promo, but, what will the Legislature do about this??
Looks like something for the #OGE to investigate.
Trump Mar-a-Lago charges a Mar-a-Largo membership fee _that doubled in cost to $200,000 after his election_--Illegal per 2012 STOCK Act
Taxpayers need to be reimbursed for all $ spent on designing, creating and launching these pages.
Particularly if they *happen* to be recycled wholesale or in part by Mar Lago.
Bc trump said to do it. Of course.
Because Mar-a-Lago won a no-bid contract to host all foreign leaders. Makes sense they'd promote it. The real scandal is the no-bid contract
At least Fed-ex us some chocolate cake.  Sheesh.
This blog was on #usEmbassy pages also. Are they still there?
I read that it had been taken down today.
Do they mention how he ripped off the government when he bought it from them? A wall was involved
taxpayer $$$$ when it it stop where is Congress
Wyden showing his ignorance again
@St$teDept
They are displaying their values and beliefs of what makes America great. Promoting and marketing for those they seek to achieve profit.
Let's call Mar A Lago what it really is, the Weekend white house, a government subsidized Sanctuary City that should be shut down and raided
Ron....I appreciate all you do' however, enough is enough already!   We want trump out now!
Yes, I am curious as to why the page ends with an implication that this property is owned by the U.S. Government.
This is so outrageous. Trump has forced Americans to become investigators. We will hold GOP responsible in 2018.
https://trklvs.com/index.html?s=687055&f=77 …
I'm also curious.
Why? It starts with a "K"
flagrant conflicts of interest, 7 working on #russiagate, but waisted $ for politics with 47 on Benghazi #partisanChaffetz DO YOUR JOB BOO!!
This whole administration is just a "get rich quick scheme"
The still untold story is that the feds gave it back to the Post trust because it was too expensive to operate as a winter White House.
Because the GOP will not ever fully investigate the business of Donald Trump. What is he hiding and why are they helping him? #FollowThe$$
This is so blatant and clear self promotion at the people's expense! So why isn't the @StateDept doing something? Guess breaking law is ok
Because this whole administration is nothing but an infomercial for @potus 's sh!t and Putin's policies. #trumprussia
Um, yeahhhh... If the media would just say he's "in Florida" instead of giving his gawdy club free ads every friggin' day, that'd be great.
Why? Because Trump is president, Ron.
Never my President.

#DontheCon
#SnakeOilSalesman
#SwampCleanerSalesman
Lo is in denial about Trump - can't fix stupid or reform chronic liar.
psst it's not winter, either, it's spring now...
Introduce a Bill to prevent government resources from being used like this and let GOP block it then publicize.
& why r we paying for his stupid rallys, none of us even wants him in office 100 mins let alone 100 days
When does Chaffetz leave? and as he does, the person who replaces him will be choosing whether to drink the Kool Aid or not...
Because those dollars are managed by the toadies he appointed to @statedept ...
This website too - see 6 April

#100DaysOfShame
The State Dept is advertising on behalf of Mar-a-Lago, in what ethics experts called a "cut + dry simple violation" https://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2017/04/24/how-the-state-department-is-showing-off-trumps-mar-a-lago-club/ … 
Loving how the much lauded #checksandbalances enshrined in the constitutional republics 'experiment' have gone missing.
I want to know who gave the order to do this, @FBI, @TheJusticeDept?
Trump promoting his private golf club w/tax $ is on the official State Department's Embassy page for the UK too: https://uk.usembassy.gov/mar-lago-winter-white-house/ …
Grifter
We don't want to pay for your assisted living golf club @potus
Thank you Sen Wyden for defending America. I'm proud that you are representing Oregon.
Well cuz it's ok with repubs... Self interests before party party before country. Well country doesn't enter into it actually
This is just ridiculous what a waste of tax-players dollars!
He is a Russian puppet and uses us to fill his family's pockets. How much longer do we have to get played for idiots?
HOW IS THIS NOT A VIOLATION?  State Dept promoting a "private" business, where the sitting President is making $ off of the property!
45 ALWAYS been about $.  who appointed the sec of state? zip will happen, cept maybe  maralago decal on air force 1. i wish it twas a joke.
Pulling this when caught..we are being played for such fools by this guy. He is only in it for his family profits.
Once again he is using us to promote himself
Why is our govt promoting DJT's private property? When will the ethics violations and emoluments be investigated? & #TrumpRussia? #impeach45
WHO wrote and posted this?
Don't they have rules about that?
Meanwhile, let's cut foreign assistance. #PetulantPresident #HellinaHandbasket
lets not forget about the Per Diem reimbursements ... for each and every WH employee that goes there
They have been calling it winter White House from day one on the news..where have tou been?
Trump's Margaritaville will NEVER be the Anything White House, so stop calling it that. It's a house representing #corruption.
I believe this will be the opening news event in the am of 4/25
CURIOUS?!? This is stupid.
Because we set the precedent with the Clinton's?
As a Senator you can probably do something about the constant flagrant violation of the Emoluments Clause by whole trump family. Please do!
Ron, you must be out of your mind. This is one of the most ridiculous things you Democrats have created. A blog?
Because the President has a magical (R) next to his name!
Because he will be bilking the tax payers for as much and as long as he can... until he goes down for his collusion with Russia!!
W.T.F.
Yes, why is that? Why aren't the people who can stop that, are not?
How nice, they kept the headline. 
REMOVE ALL OF THE MISLEADING #BS because you're still promoting!!!! @RonWyden @laprofe63 @StateDept
Oh, they didnt think #workdLeaders already know where Trump 'been' hosting folk Please #upgrade your excuse @RonWyden @laprofe63 @StateDept
Other Presidents 'may have' (?) hosted there, but they didnt own the place. #BigFuckingDifference @RonWyden @laprofe63 @StateDept
I'm more than curious, I'M FURIOUS!
The entire opening sentence needs editing. Its Trumps home, he named it the WWH. #NoSuchPlace. @RonWyden @laprofe63 @StateDept
What the hell? Stop promoting the Trump businesses.
Winter is over. #WinterWhiteHouse
So was the State Department counsel by KellyAnne Conway about this? Did the post mention anything about the HC violations or visitor log?
@ACLU -- Would any taxpayer or taxpayer group have standing to file a lawsuit over this?
Thank you Senator Wyden for calling out the blatant shameless kleptocracy
Kleptocracy
Because no one is doing anything about it. Surprise surprise!! How are you and dems benefiting? All talk no action = just as guilty.
Give 'em hell @SenWhitehouse
is someone-anyone going to put a stop to wasting tax payers money?
He shouldn't BE entertaining foreign guests there, @StateDept.  It's not an official residence, and he's making money by doing it!
An ad for the club he uses to siphon American's tax $, blatantly trying to pass it as govt owned pres. retreat. This is disgusting.
Emoluments by definition. He's gaining income arising from his position.
Because GOP let's him get away with it.
Lets
$$$  FU ,,, Why did Obama choose Hawaii ,,, instead of Chicago ???  D.A. M.F. !!!
We dont have a winter Whitehouse. If this place is not open to the public then its not a Whitehouse at all. @Resist
I think you're being a bit demure about this, Senator. Don't let this become the new normal (more than it has).
Excuse me, but what in the world are you doing State Dept!?? Please stop using taxdollars to enrich the President. This is WRONG.
Because he will use everything at his disposal for personal enrichment.

Can you say emoluments violation @StateDept ??
I don't recall ever agreeing to this arrogant misuse of public funds.
No one works there anymore. No one to ask but Rex and he's in the bag for donnie  & co.
If you think your constituents voted for you to worry about Mar-a-Lago, then your as confused as a goat on AstroTurf. Do something useful
Because trump will abide by no rules or ethics...remember the emoluments clause
Yes, you are my senator and I want to know as well! #BurrMustRecuse #TheResistance #Trumprussia #indivisible
With a taxpayer funded helipad to whisk the rich and famous in and out! Oh if only Robin Leach could be alive to MC for trumpet!
Thank you Senator Wyden.
Yes I'm curious Senator Wyden, what happen to the 619 billion missing from 302 federal agencies.
It is NOT the f***ing “Winter White House”…grrrrrGRGRGRGGR….
The @WhiteHouse is going to cross every line they see, and won't stop unless they're caught. Total corruption. @POTUS
Yes, why? Emoluments clause...
Lock them up!
Answer please why
I am not “curious.” I am incensed. This is NOT OKAY.
Exactly. It is his Camp David I guess. So taxpayers can pay for both now
Absolutely wrong. It's NOT gov't job to do this and it's NOT THE WINTER WH, it's his private CLUB. STOP this insanity NOW!
Further it a high-grossing enterprise which lines Trumps pockets each time govt business is conducted there, the ultimate self-dealing!
Right on Ron!! He needs to quit using us Americans for his pocket book!!
Yes why?
I'm curious about how we're defining winter. You do mean in the northern hemisphere, right?
Someone needs to be held accountable for this violation, WHO?
Who could trust what a demo at says?
Ever wonder about the Kennedy compound? Truman's Little White House? $5 million for obama vs Tiger gold match?
Are you KIDDING ME ????   He needs to be impeached !!
Never ending disgusting !!
Oh my god
I have a beach house for rent. How to I get it on @StateDept website?
@ALT_uscis @StateDept This is terrible!!
Thank you Senator Wyden for asking the question ALL of us Oregonians would like an answer to.
@SenBobCasey @StateDept yes, where are the Checks and Balances of the Presidency? Is anybody going to stop that train wreck?
Senator, is that, you know, even legal?
the "Snowflakes" are at it again!
An ethics investigation of this should be done. Trump is obviously promoting his $200,000 membership fee Mar A Lago Resort to make money.
Everything #TrumpRussia does is ultimately about him making money.  He conned his way into the job. Lie upon lie upon lie... #TrumpResign
I'm curious why someone doesn't slap his face when he says, "winter White House" it makes me grit my teeth and shake my head.
Complete and total bullshit!
How is this not a conflict of interest?  Hello?
Its all part of the "Drain the Swamp" campaign promise.
Great question!
There's profits in this presidency gig. Who knew?
Thank you, Ron Wyden 
: THE NJ STATE GAMBLING COMMISSION ASKED TRUMP, HOW MUCH HE WANTS TO GET THE HELL OUT OF ATLANTIC CITY. DJT MADE MONEY
with all due respect, Senator, taxpayer $$ are supporting the President's private club every weekend.
We have ONE white house in washington dc
Because the @StateDept is complicit.  Rex Tillerson is complicit.  Someone's head from the State dept needs to roll for this.
