Thank you for being a great Senator to PA.  We appreciate your hard work and willingness to meet with your constituents.
Hear! Hear!
thank you
I take @SenToomey will do the same thing & hold a town hall
can I request sir you make it to our lovely Cumberland Valley in Franklin County please? #dontforgetpennsyltucky
thank you sir! Any plans to come to Pittsburgh?
nope, only liberal audience is allowed
Any chance you can convince @SenToomey to join you?

thanks!
how about Lancaster??
wish @SenToomey would do the same. Encourage him, please?
Looking forward to seeing you here in Pittsburgh, too. Cheers, Senator.
at least one of our State senators is willing to meet w/ constituents! Let's remember who PA!
yes, let's remember.  I wish pa had a recall so we could recall pat toomey
same here! He is utterly useless and has proven he can be bought!
And its dangerous fools like you who gave Trump the presidency.

Thank you!
THANK YOU @SenBobCasey for NOT requiring PA to put am MIA sign on a building for you.  Listen up @SenToomey PA deserves Town Halls with U 2
i look forward to meeting you. Thanks for the work you do
Great, when will you hold one in Scranton?  Can Toomey come?
This registered Republican thanks you!
Look forward to standing w/ you again. TY for coming back!
ONE of our PA Senators remembers their constituents! 
#WheresToomey
I hope to make it! It'd be great if @SenToomey could do one here too.
See you there! Maybe bring Toomey??
, thanks for doing the right thing for your constituents! Looking forward to seeing you on March 12!
Would love to attend just to Thank You for fighting for us. Also want to find out abt. volunteering for ur reelection campaign.
go to his website and you will see sign up tab for volunteering.
When time and place are decided, will it be announced here on twitter? On your webpage? Both?
Thanks for being transparent and accountable! Please consider holding events in the 'burbs.
Tea Party take note.....
Please come to Pittsburgh!
So excited to have you here! #PAproud
@seanhannity All repubs should show up & protestoops wait, that's what the democrats do.Sorry I won't stop u from speaking1stAm
Thank you Senator! Looking forward to it! #realPA
make sure you get a large place to hold many constituents please
Are you planning to do town halls in rural areas or sticking to major metros? You have lots of constituents outside of Philly.
Most Excellent!  Can't wait to see you!!  Thank you for doing what's right!!
thank you, will be there! @drDannaB @kira_delong
Hope you mean the 'first' of town halls, unless you plan to go all Rocky style in Philly. Glad to hear it!
thank you for your leadership and pledge to listen to your constituents
Are you coming to Pittsburgh?
Thank you so much
@SenToomey Senator Casey shows up!!
Can you tell your fellow Senator Pat Toomey to do the same? He keeps forgetting PA is purple 
regrettable typo
maybe you can invite Punxsutawney Toomey?  We can spray the smell of money and poor children's tears as a lure. #RealPA
I will be there!
Thank you Senator. You're making us proud in PA!
hope I can be there. Would love to meet you
Yes! Thank you, Senator Casey! I will be there! 
Are you planning any for Pittsburgh?
Thank you Senator Casey for having the guts to meet with your constituents!
:Please have one in Pittsburgh!Looking forward to talking to you in person! 
great!!
You may mean first but I like  too!
hopefully you don't have the people who show up to them arrested if they sit in the chairs you provide...
Thank you! @SenBobCasey
Looking forward to it! Do remember that Daylight Saving Time starts on the 12th, so maybe plan for a little confusion.
...the fist?
You only need the 'fist' if you're hypocritical GOP. You'll be fine!
And that, @SenToomey, is how an elected official listens to constituents. Maybe Sen Casey will give you lessons, if you ask.
It's a pleasure to have you respresenting us!
Looking forward to it, Senator!  Thank you!
can you tell that republican senator, what's his name - we never see him, to have some town halls?
go head stay in areas that you have support
come to Lancaster
Thanks Bob! <3 Keep being you.
Thank you!  Maybe you can talk @SenToomey to follow suit!
Look who else is holding a fist. Love you, Sen. Casey!
crap & fantastic Crap I live close to Pburgh fantastic you are showing in person come here soon?
Promise not to yell at you
Americans are counting on you to be aggressive, but no fist needed. Strong voice okay.
thank you! Unlike @SenToomey, it's nice to see someone with courage.
toomey is a coward!  I really wish we could recall toomey that waste of a senator.
Will u bring the hiding senator
thank you!!!
Thank you. @SenToomey had constituents cuffed & removed from his office in Philly today.
Like this Senator? Kidding, look forward to the town halls.
That's great ... please come to central PA, too!!
. Will all be in Philadelphia or Pittsburgh?
I had no doubt you would be holding town halls, Senator looking forward to them..
