Ridiculous.
exactly. You fools can't get nothing done so you just well go home and do nothing
I want and expect you to do everything in your power to get rid of this POS President.
you're really stupid if you don't understand why shutdown is needed to prove a point and make a stand
Good. Play ball or go home.
you really don't understand,most can't stand any politician especially those like yourself,career politicians need term limits
This includes the most prolific rapist cult in world history
#criminalminds
#notdumb we all could use a little less government
wow Bobby you are so so smart
Bobby, Bobby, our nose is growing.....
Trump is beginning to realize that since he got elected, everything he touches turns to shit and he's beginning to run scared.
@realDonaldTrump is a consistent fool
You mean he's advocating that the priorities of his party (who own house/senate/WH) should prevail in budgeting? The horror!
Only thing you got if opposition dems are just saying no cause that what a looser does
You mean we can't survive you evil ways.. Trump administration is God fearing.. His word comes first not yours
I love you!
Mr. Sen., why is your party obstructing POTUS? With all due respect?
because we had to for 8 yrs deal with your guys either filibustering or blocking literally everything that doesn't support billionaires.
Billionaires? Really..(You can't be serious!)
I think republicans feel they can rein him in. In the meantime they will try to push their agendas. Otherwise they're just as bad as he is.
@mccomb_karen   I console myself thinking he is not really the president, will never be, he is impersonating one. Badly. Sad!
Nice tweet. You so don't count, soon to be replaced. What have YOU done?
Gif game on point - and with a fictitious character from Scranton, to boot!
- a constituent
I track your tweets for a local org, and I must say your Twitter game is on point. Epic tweetstorms, then this? Bravo, sir. Bravo.
Your party consistently holds budgets hostage to open parks, open landmarks.... govt shutdowns should stop paying congress for negligence
Hey Bob- nobody missed the government the last time it was shut down...
You sir, get a follow.
He wants to blame the Democrats.  Hopefully someone talks him down
That ain't nuthin!  Imagine ANY #POTUS displaying utter GLEE over kicking 24 million Americans from affordable healthcare!
#ShutItDown
Someone please save us from this madman.
Just more irrational, ignorant weirdness.
Yet another ridiculous comment from our POTUS.
Really, Democrats.  2020 should be so easy to win.  SO EASY.  You have so much material to work with here.  Seriously, Dems.  Seriously.
stop getting the way and there will be no need for a shut down morons!!! Duh!!!
Yes cuz Dems don't give a damn about the country and only care about party agenda, which isn't in line with most Americans
Interesting that you and others use that threat to get your way too....
Advocatiing a shutdown when his party controls WH and Congress.  Thought he was the master deal maker? SAD! #LOSERPRES
YOU BET, AND HE SHOULD DO IT NOW, AND IT WILL BE ALL YOUR FAULT!!
he is a traitor president...that will be his legacy---we can never let this happen again #resist
U Dems R a broken record; blah, blah, blah
do something 4 Americans & stop being an obstruction

#BuildTheWall #EndPPFunding
Why Not, you guys can't do anything.  Shut it down until you decide to get things done and Live under our same Health Plan
Wat I find disgustin Not 1 of Democratic Leadership 'Denounced' protesting rioters 'ANARCHISTS' MayDay yesterday! Iforgot U PEOPLE BACK THEM
Shut down Trump, it's what the worlds advocates for.     #impeachToday!
If you can not do your job quit he is trying to help the country
Our own government is the major source of citizens problems Voters welcome a shutdown, the last thing we need is gov as usual!
He's a IDIOT and he needs to GO and take his CROOKS with him, Shutdown the government what a IDIOT omg
Ha! Go Bob!!
A sitting president saying "the Constitution is a real bad thing" smells like perjury to me
define perjury.
Bob isn't it time they take you out the glue factory. Have to love these worthless career politicians cant get real jobs
Mostly because you yahoos don't have the balls to govern!
We really are dealing with someone mentally unstable.
That's the internet nazi talking. trumpita is a ventriloquist's dummy
Because he can't get his own way when he's wrong, hurting people, often unconstitutional, and oh...under FBI investigation for treason. Hmm.
Yeah, but only after he called you archaic and wants to remove you.
Wouldn't want him advocating for me. Oh, wait.... Fu(% !!!
Good. Shut it down. You're the most dysfunctional & non producing organization in existence
Mr.Casey then I recommend you get of you're ass and get something approved the POTUS agrees with. DO you're job.
Mr Casey is doing something he is representing his voters we have been vocal 
#PAVOTER 
#IMPEACHTRUMP 
#TRUMPRUSSIA 
#RESIST
You better check his attendance record and bills he has voted on before you vote for him again. I think you would amazed how poor of a job.
We knew he ws crazy longgg ago. Bt we didn't know EVERY REPUBLICAN MEMBER of Congress ws crazy & lacked basic patriotism. STOP HIM ASSHOLES!
'US hides real debt, in worse shape than Greece'
Obviously he just wants a reason to go on vacation to work on his golf game.
Oh oh oh, does that mean he cannot make any decisions for a while? Or check his Twitter or email?
Does that mean he doesn't get the paychecks that he doesn't get?
Autocratic Authoritarian
He's GOP, senate is gop, house is gop and they can't agree amoungst themselves. Too many of their shutdowns have them thinking it's vacation
The Childish & petty behavior concerns all not just the POTUS.  We are getting paid more than any of you are worth at this time
Constitutional division of powers is such a barrier on dictatorship. Remember when Obama was acting like a dictator with EO's?
We need a real president this guy can't even fake it
...for his own political purposes. He needs to go.
Shameful behavior. Untolerable.
Colbert is right, https://www.google.com/url?sa=t&source=web&rct=j&url=/amp/s/amp.businessinsider.com/stephen-colbert-trump-vladimir-putin-cock-holster-2017-5&ved=0ahUKEwju1vqRzNHTAhVIh1QKHRQ6BgQQFggfMAE&usg=AFQjCNFM6IDNw50UMqw_g65iuIZzkvZXrQ&sig2=LwXalpkUXjccRk2zcToCdg …
Only because we use the term "president" so loosely. Sitting Bullshit is closer to truth.
thank you!!
Your staff's twitter game is on point.
... HELL YES & if U had any ethics u'd be with him. Ur spending us into oblivion u fool. It's not Trmps govmt, its ours u fool.
Trump likes breaking records 4 his own self-esteem so he now has another historic first.
No, advocating for what he wants. Maybe stop opposing every single thing Bob. We elected Trump for a reason. You may want to consider that..
Senator with all due respect, we all know a Gov shutdown hurts nothing! DC works a snails pace @POTUS is a man of action
Shutdowns hurt the disadvantaged b/c they cannot address problems with their fed aid accounts. YOU ARE ADVOCATING HURTING THE WRONG PEOPLE.
nice choice
Don't worry bobby, you would have gotten your paycheck.
I don't know whether you, Senator Bob Casey, do your own social media or whether your staff does it. Whoever does it: A++ job and thanks!
If that what it takes. Why don't you take some responsibility for pushing through Iran deal? Take a look at my tweets. Crooked Dems!
Dems can't control the narrative like last time
No longer local. Your leadership is guaranteeing Repub dominance of Governorships/legislature. Last shutdown didn't have social media. Dems
victory any more legitimate than Trump's, Sen. Casey? You might also say the GOP cooperated with Obama and let him have his budgets..
You should be talking to your leadership how they gloated about obstruction and killing many of ideas most Americans voted for. Politics
The election is over. GOP has both legislature and White House but nothing changes. Obama got most of what he wanted, what makes his..
I'd feel sorry for him if he was just some old guy losing his mind. But the fact that he can get us all killed is terrifying.
@Potus Shut it down, stop an out of control Congress.
This is the most stern warning flag you can see: when a president *w/Congressional majority* advocates a shutdown. Neck hairs bristling.
Senator, can we just shut down the White House?
lol you dolt
Thank you, Senator Casey. You always keep your constituents informed & included.
yep.  @GOP
and thinks the Constitution is really bad for the nation
Please, please work on removing him from office.
#impeach45

He needs to be impeached...what a bully
 coming thru with that Scranton, The Office gif 
He's insane!
The "Wanna-Be-King" has gone MAD!
So you refuse to do your job. Instead you go around telling the public how much they "need" the government. You are no leader. Shut it down!
I'm all for a shutdown. Why? Becasue clearly ppl haven't learned from past mistakes and you dems want to force ppl into political slavery
He's just warming us up to the idea
He's advocating an overthrow of the government. The constitution is “an archaic system … It’s really a bad thing for the country.”
it's like he is trying to "get fired" from his job...i wish he would just quit
He needs to be impeached
#Impeach45
Next nuclear test in Nth Korea earmarked for September.
Lock him up!
Keep fighting, Senator! Ppl like you are our only hope!
He is not honoring his oath to "protect and defend the constitution".  He is trying to destroy it; he needs to go.
Trump is an absolute disgrace! #Impeach45
The guy is out of his mind
yup!
Question is...what is happening in September that is so threatening to him that he wants it shut down?
If Congress cannot stop spending our money on things we do not support then shut it down.
Impeach him soon!!
#impeach45
Disgusting-but even more frightening- not surprising. No more excuses for Trump. He is not just doing things his way. He is seriously nuts.
Yes...seriously nuts!
Senator: In President Trump’s world, you  and your colleagues (in both parties) are the government and he is the opposition.
So sad
