JUST IN: Paul Ryan "almost giddy" in GOP rally before healthcare vote  http://washex.am/2pczuF8  
I can't imagine what has @SpeakerRyan so "giddy." Denying care to individuals with disabilities?
Is @SpeakerRyan "giddy" about cuts to nursing home care for Pennsylvania's seniors?
Is @SpeakerRyan "giddy" about higher costs for cancer patients?
Maybe @SpeakerRyan is "giddy" about ending protections for individuals with pre-existing conditions?
Also, if @SpeakerRyan is so "giddy" about this bill, then why did he and the @SenateGOP exempt themselves from it?
Yeah Ryan why did you exempt yourself?
Fuck him.
I just can't believe the world we live in!
How is the stuff going on legal? I'm dumbfounded. How does one go about fighting this?
All the usual ways. Know who your congressmen and Senators are, see how they vote and support the good ones,support the opponent of the bad.
I live in TN. DEEP red state. It's depressing how deep the support goes.
Yeah, but all you can do is try. It helps to tweet directly at the dumb asses occasionally. They probably never see them, but it helps.
No us taxpayers don't have to foot everyone's bill
ACA is a red herring. Supposed affordable coverage but costs spiked & coverage plummeted. Yet you giddily support it? You political hack!
Not even a scintilla as giddy as #TheResistance will be when he and his kind are repealed & replaced in 2018. #SaveACA
Imagine a lawyer taunting rape victim after getting the rapist off on a technicality. Can't? That's the difference b/t believer & sociopath.
Why is rape even remotely a pre existing condition? Only in trump's Amerika.
It makes sense considering future laws making women raped have the baby and give the rapist full parental rights.
Why is rape even remotely a pre existing condition? Only in trump's Amerika.
So dystopian 
U are ajoke!
Democrats let this happen by being disorganized  and uninspiring...time for new leadership and ideas.
All I am going to say there is a special day in hell for those that did this yesterday hope they love the heat.
And his sickness is a preexisting condition, apparently incurable.
that IS sick! America is sick of Paul Ryan!
You knew this day was coming. Why didn't you show leadership & work on a bi partisan solution?You want to play politics at people's expense.
He is pathetically greedy for some measure of success, and the cost to the people be damned.
So upset  shame on you Ryan, you will pay in Hell
He's making the Koch bros happy. That makes him happy. Plus it costs him nothing! He's not affected by the bill! #GOP Every Republican out.
Ryan is a shameful excuse for a human.  Bless you Bob Casey.  I know you'll help fight this in the Senate.
He's giddy because now he can blame the Senate!And certain provisions won't start until 2019...double reason to be giddy. #evil #shameful
Wanted to wipe that supercilious smirk off his face.  Just saying.
You have laughed all the way to the bank. Bob and Obama care. What you guys did to the private sector is shameful
That's cause he is a smug @$$hat.
@SenBobCasey we are all "giddy" that you will be out of office soon
Senator Casey you are a rock star
Give him Trumpcare, he won't be so damned giddy then.
Do you mean the way you get giddy by raising everyone's taxes?
Like you give two 's about the middle class? Paleeeze Senator Casey, your nose is growing...
The cost was already to high for too little under Obama care.
It's in your camp now. Find a bipartisan answer.
I agree w/ @SenBobCasey "if this bill is so great why did Ryan exempt himself from it?"  Protest: Congress should have AHCA 4 their family
Hopefully, it'll have an adverse impact on all the Red State Trumpites.
Ryan is a disgrace to the human race.   His constituents will remember come Election Day
@SenToomey #dotherightthing
I thought he was a practicing Catholic?Not what the Pope would advocate.
He probably gets giddy pulling the wings off butterflies, too...Ryan: reckless, spineless, soon-to-be-former representative of Wisconsin
Showcases his lack of humanity!
Paul Ryan and the rest of republicans need to have the same insurance as us. They voted to not have to have the same. Bunch of JERKS
I think he must be on laughing gas. Or maybe he just has gas from the free lunch
Den Casey if you are so upset why could you and others not work better together and come up with a better solution
Sure is.
@dcexaminer I could smack the stupid smirk right off @SpeakerRyan face! He is disgusting!
That's because  @SpeakerRyan is an Ayn Rand disciple who like him was a jerk. @dcexaminer
Rally for Bob Casey...give what you can to the campaign coffer. Call the GOP out on every atrocity.Don't waste your time arguing w/the enemy
Stand strong, Senator!!
Where in the constitution does it say we must be forced to pay for others healthcare? That's socialism.
He is happy to be on that #TrumpCareDeathPanel
Much better #TrumpCareDeathPanel
Ryan is the leader of the #TrumpCareDeathPanel 
@SenateMajLdr  @SpeakerRyan Are murders of sick children & elderly people! They are crooks who take big money from big pharma! We hate U!
I hope he has a back-up plan because he's going to lose his job soon.
Typical fear conjuring move there...only the misguided are buying it.
hopefully you're an immature staffer writing these tweets. But either way he is such an embarrassment to PA. Such hate.
This is about real people. The people you're supposed to represent. NOT just the Republican Party. This shouldn't be about politics.
Sad the things that cause him to be giddy. Running over kittens is probably another one.
#FUCKUTRUMPBITCH

Senator Casey I will do all I can to support you and your fellow Democrats in 2018
F Paul Ryan hope he fries in Hell
There's a special place in Hell for people like him. What gives him the right to decide who deserves to live or die?!
When did health care become a right? I must have missed a constitutional convention.
@SpeakerRyan doesn't care about the American people. He only cares about being 45's pet. When will these boot lickers realize what is coming
People should be able to choose if they want health insurance or not. What gives you the right to tell us we have to have insurance?
Must vote @SpeakerRyan out in 18. He thinks gerrymandering will keep him in forever but he didn't count on #THERESISTANCE
Ryan is a lying sack of horse poo. I've never bough his baloney.
TY Guv Casey, I just said the same thing.
What is also sick is supporting abortion, 55 million murdered. We all have flaws.
SHAMEFUL evil.
Will you introduce legislation offering Medicare for all?
@dcexaminer   Why aren't you as concerned about abortion issue. .  Not being honest about facts  resgister ind
Is @SpeakerRyan "giddy" about denying health care to millions of women who depend on Planned Parenthood??
2018 2018 2018.....
Thank you Senator Casey. You make this NEPA girl proud.
Remember those black, crawly shadow things in the movie Ghost.  Paul Ryan 's gonna meet them someday.
@dcexaminer Dem didn't work with rep  because it took Obama legacy instead of doing w hats best for all people.
Ryan maybe giddy now but he'll soon be giving Pelosi/Dems the House in '18.Playing w/my healthcare is no joke
He is evil. Lacks basic human decency.
Will healthcare now cost more than it did under Obamacare?
Sociopathic behavior is rewarded by corporatists. This is America

Ryan and Trump are dangerous to millions of Americans who need affordable health care.
Sociopath:


Obamacare is a racket designed by pharma.  They spend millions to lobby Dems so you think if obamacare goes away millions will die.
#GOP congresspeople voting aye 2day R guilty of premeditated murder knowing  folks will lose insurance & some will die prematurely
I have a preexisting inherited condition. I just got laid off along with thousands of coworkers across the US. I am terrified right now.
If I can't afford my health insurance, I don't know how I will provide for my daughter. Thank you, @SenBobCasey, for standing up for us.
He @SpeakerRyan and the rest of his cronies are a disgrace to this country.
Not giddy enough to use the plan himself though
STOP THE SPINNING!! IT'S DISGUSTING!
Ryan has lost my support and my respect. #exGOP
Just called @RepTimMurphy's ofc to express how horrifying this bill is & how dishonest the House Rs have been in pushing it. Tell the truth!
Killing people gives him a big rush on those days he is too busy to get to the gym. It's like emotional cardio.
Of course he is. He's been promising the kids a trip to Disney for years.
Karma is going to bite@SpeakerRyan in the ass. Every dog has its day
These rich politicians can afford health care bc the gov. Pays 4 there's. Us middle class can't specially if we have pre conditions #screwed
They are evil and twisted. Scary for people that malignant to have so much power over the well being of so many other innocent souls.
They don't give a fuck about us. Only their rich corporate friends.
That is just cruel and sick
I'm sure he is "giddy" about showing us how against Christianity's teachings he is as well. What was that Jesus said to do to the sick?
He's been "giddy" since Trump won. Finally able to enact his Draconian ideas that'll hurt millions of Americans. He abhors the poor. #Resist
And here my husband & I are stressing out wondering if we'll ever be able to afford insurance again & what will happen to us & our kids.

what can we do to stop all this destruction? This isn't a political game. Thank you for standing up for us!
I hate him more than I hate Trump.
Me too. Trump's mental, Ryan is sane in his cruelty.
Is it too much to hope that he'll somehow be stood up at the alter?
I am proud to live in Harrisburg and have Bob Casey fighting for me
@dcexaminer Republicans House members will pay the price at midterm elections, even if Senate stops it.
And they call themselves "Christians".

If they're Christians, I'm Mr. Tibbs.
And sick they are. And not just speaker Ryan. The #handmaidstale is fast becoming "their" Bible
@SpeakerRyan @SenBobCasey why would he really care.  It's all about the GOP "win."  His healthcare is great and  we pay for it.  Truly sick!
Agree.
@SpeakerRyan should be ashamed of himself. Looking forward to his ouster.
Giddy about the house turnover next year?
It's really gross, isn't it? This bill will kill me and financially ruin my child.
He is drunk with power.  Book of Proverbs, 16:18,. 'Pride goeth before destruction, and an haughty spirit before a fall.'
This breaks my heart, after Freddy died, we had hope for others with pre-existing conditions. History will not be kind to @GOP nor should it
Let's be honest.  This is Ryan's idea of a wet dream.  He's been dreaming about it for 20 years.
My brother Freddy passed from Cancer, in 2009, at just 36 years old. He was denied coverage and therefore proper treatment. Too many have
Let's see how "giddy" you get Ryan when it's one of your family members. Thank u for Your ?Care?
He wants to lose his job in 2018.
Pray to who? He certainly isn't advocating to God since he is doing the opposite of what Jesus told us to do!
@dcexaminer another  lie. it Will lower costs.
Sad little troll, if you can read, check out the CBO report. 

https://www.cbo.gov/publication/52486 ….
Ryan, 2009: "How can we vote on a bill we haven't read,doesn't have CBO score".2017 how can you vote w/o being read & no CBO score? Hypocrit

These are vile people. Ryan, how does it feel to have your conscience ( if you have one) controlled by big money
Any win is a win for these idiots at the minute
@SpeakerRyan is sub-human.
I seem to recall how giddy your party was before throwing millions off their health insurance plans and driving up deductibles and premiums.
GOP leaders within those affected states is what caused premiums to escalate, which they gladly embraced. They did not care then or now.
If you think GOP leaders in PA caused my family's UPMC deductible and premiums to skyrocket, you have no idea how healthcare even works.
It's middle-class families like mine that bear a burden of subsidizing others under the current Obamacare system.
Many of us have to, you are not alone. I would rather my tax dollars go toward the greater good than in the damn pockets of the 1%.
There's a special place in Hell for everyone who votes in favor of this massacre on paper #TrumpCare #VoteNoAHCA #protectourcare #ShameonGOP
Giddy as the heist is going smoothly& succeeding:
GOP's logic: 
- O'Care is bankrupting
- Take $1 Trillion from it,  to save it(!)
(Hidden agenda: Need 1$tril to fund tax cuts for rich&bizs)
He's giddy because if it passes the house, he keeps his job, because winning is more important than what's been won. #partyovercountry
Frightening that @HouseGOP pushing vote on #healthcare that doesn't have CBO score. Completely irresponsible. More concerned about victory.
It makes me ill to watch. I had to shut it off. Thank you Sen. Casey for looking out for us older Pennsylvanians who the Rep put at risk.
He's a comic book supervillain.
Sick and bad just like Trumps has said
Please stand up for us!! NEPA looks to you!
he is a very hateful person
Don’t forget defacto-killing some of those who will be left without care, including children.
He is a complete A__hole!!! He needs to go!!
Because he’s a jag off. #sorrynotsorry #hesgottogo
he's a sick sick man, Senator.
