ask Pruitt about the increase in Oklahoma earthquakes. #Shockwave #EPA
Find us the 33,000 deleted emails from Hillary then we can talk
Thanks Bob! And it was @HouseGOP & @SenateGOP
So u do want them for a job interview but you didn't when it comes to National Security.  Got it.
tell the @SenateGOP that Hillary sent them and maybe it will change their perception. 
I Remember when we didn't have Obamacare and you Senator Casey will be out in 2018
has sold their soul. They don't stand up for Americans anymore. Our land, health, rights, all gone. Shameful.
thank you Senator Casey
Just get on CNN and ask Putin to hack his account, it worked for agent Orange. 

#TrumpLiesMatter #bannonspuppet
Senator Casey thank you for focusing on our concerns in #realPA unlike @SenToomey focusing on profits or oil execs.
Thank you for all that you do. Stay Sane. We need someone like you in the Oval Office in 2020. #CaseyForPresident
Couldn't agree mote
Thank you, for being real and staying true to your party.
that is because @SenateGOP, @jasoninthehouse are miserable hypocrites who put party before country every.single.time.
No one person will silence our voices, squelch our dreams, harden our hearts or paralyze our minds!  60% resist!
Keep plugging along. We are behind you!
apparently now charging the Clinton staffer is a thing.
Please don't support the House vote to allow the senseless killing of our wildlife. VOTE NO ON SENATE JOINT RESOLUTION 18.
I remember a time when a senator named Casey from PA was an honorable man
I'm shocked said no one.
@SCalaisS @SenateGOP Oh, the emails are coming back, but only Hillary's.

Thank you for standing up for the right thing. We're in for a horrific destructive 4 years unless he's impeached.
dislike @Scott Pruitt on so many levels#clean air#clean water#value of EPA
Well said
You are doing a great job fighting for us in Pennsylvania! Thank you for doing the right thing! You have my support!
You can thank your colleagues for setting that road map.
#goodbybobcasey
Thank you for voting the right side on #scottpruitt issue. Others should be ashamed. You have my next vote (and I'm a RR).
Are they classified emails.......no I don't think so!! There is a difference!!
What do you say   @Sentoomey ? Get on this ! #pa wants to know !  @SenBobCasey @SenateGOP
@GbrantGary @SenateGOP Seems the only emails to matter were Secretary Clintons, how ironic is that?
Sen. Burn Casey
Please keep fighting for us, Sen. Casey. We have your back! Thank you!
I remember a time when Dems gave zero shits about emails.
stay true to course Senator Casey. Keep investigating 45/Bannon/Russia connection!
Can you ask @SenatorHeitkamp and @Sen_JoeManchin to vote NO on Pruitt. Tell them we will end their career if they don't vote NO
Oh goodness, gracious, that was *so* last year! Thank YOU for being pro-clean water and pro-clean air!
We are watching you GOP. And making a list. MILLIONS now watch you Every. Single. Day. Your career won't survive
Thank you for being on the side of planet Earth. Please keep pushing to postpone the vote till we can see the emails!!
help us.
Political Quiz! Who is least qualified to run the EPA?(Environmental Protection Agency)
Newt and Napkin are neck and neck, but Scott Pruitt well ahead! It's a horse race, ladies and gents!
The @GOP is anti American on everything except their agenda
GOP is so hypocritical, it's just unimaginable but I guess the rules only apply when they want too, not right
I wish I knew what the Democrats should have done then. I know what we need to do, now. #25thamendment #ITMFA
.@SenBobCasey @SenateGOP Selective memory. Keep pushing, Senator!
It won't be long until the GOP reveal themselves to be deatheaters. Just consolidating their power first.
agreed.  I think you and the rest of the world now know that @SenateGOP and @HouseGOP are a group of immoral, corrupt liars.
Delay Pruitt hearing until we have all necessary info
NO VOTE UNTIL EMAILS ARE READ.#FailingTrumpAdmin
Thank you Senator Casey for all you do I know you will do the right thing and not confirm Pruitt
The hypocrisy is absolutely mind-numbing.
i remember you were anti-investigating; shoe is on the other foot now?
Yesterday DJT was asked directly if he instructed Flynn to interfere w sitting president's sanction order. DJT lied
Preach on...hippocracy is not a strong enough word.
let them keep digging this giant sinkhole, 2020 we fill it with concrete & GOP can kiss their party goodbye.
- thank you.  @SenateGOP - be consistent and fair.
EPA is begging to not have this person NO PRUITT! Emails- NO RUSSIA NEEDS TO BE TOP EVERYONE'S AGENDA
sen Casey, do you ever see @SenToomey in the hall? Let him know we are worried. It's almost like he's avoiding us…
@SenToomey I called this morning to ask if simply a delay of the vote is possible. Would it hurt to wait a week?
off-topic: any tips on how to get ahold of Sen Toomey? Doesn't answer phones, midday town hall meetings w no notice
Get the #WaterTerroristFrackers out of #PA! #noMORE! No more PIPELINES the world is burning! #evilGOP damned to hell
Well, they'll be available by Tuesday so as long as GOP reasonably...wait, confirmed today?!
How much you want to bet Chaffetz goes after HRC emails before EPA nom Pruitt OR Russian interference in election?
well they werent important then, why are they now?
