Hay bob.why dont u get the hospitals to lower there prices.so we can have more afordable healthc.stop letting the healthcare comps lobbing u
Hey all you blue collar folks that voted for Trump - do any of you have pre-existing conditions? White men & women? Y'all elected a monster
I do and I have insurance like I'm suppose to so pre-existing is not a factor
Would u buy auto insurance after having a wreck and expect them to pay for damages?

Even some of us Rs don't find that acceptable. @PressSec @JohnWDean @RBReich @JonahNRO @realDonaldTrump @SecPriceMD @jaketapper @Lawrence
Keep beating that drum Sen.
How do we get @SenToomey to vote against this?
We don't! Toomey's office hung up on me!Vote him out & #resist,work to register voters, take them to polls, above all, EDUCATE all
Unfortunately they (we) just voted him in.
You used the perfect word, "we". @GOP "We the People" will have the word, via votes. Some were duped & if trumpcare2 passes Senate Ur out.
I used the word "we" because I'm in his district, but *I* didn't vote for that twat.
Understood! @GOP @SenToomey seemed to forget they work for "We the People" not the 1% getting MORE tax breaks from #trumpcare2
I've seen a listing of senators on the committee.  Why no women?  Why just men making healthcare decisions for women.  Unacceptable.
From the list of preexisting conditions I saw...i don't think I know anyone who doesn't have one!

Tall Order!  Please post the 20 Republicans that need to b ousted!
Jason Chaffetz voted for TrumpCare with his own pre-existing leg condition?? Is  he  out  of his mind,  is that why the  chump is  quitting?
GOP VOTED YES on plan to commit Genocide of the Poor & SICK, YUP THAT should Lower Premiums
They need same healthcare they make us have #vote them out
Thanks for standing against Trumpcare.
Apparently GOP deleted promise of protection for pre existing conditions from site- hope someone has screen shot of the promise then
Stop the drama DMS 
Your Scare Tactics will not fool Us anymore. U r as bad as Media, Fake News
Hay bob maybe hospitails shouldnt  b  publicly traded.that way we could get rid of 5% percent inflation per year. Thats is killing us
Jake Tapper speaks truth to Sen Mark Warner (D) VA re #ACA failures
In Rare Unity, Hospitals, Doctors and Insurers Criticize Health Bill
@SenateDems @HouseGOP @CNBC This is just another way 2 discriminate against ethnic groups who also have higher depression rates
@SenateDems @HouseGOP @CNBC I read the reform. Depression is most apparent in poor communities.If you have it,they charge more.
Thought everyone was required to have insurance under ObamaCare if they have insurance then pre existing conditions won't matter
Thank you for your sensible and humane leadership Bob Casey
Can't wait to vote against you
Bob your full of poppy sticks..do u go around telling fish stories all day
We expect to Vote No on this bill... We need a better health bill ...Not this disaster !... it would literally kill people... VOTE NO
Thank you for standing up for us.
Bob,  we're counting on you to make sure this gets roundly cited down in the Senate.
I PRE-EXIST and please tell your Repubkican colleagues that I vote too
Healthcare for your citizens is included in the duty to Defend. You must defend your people or you are ignorant of your duty.
Wow! It's interesting that a US Senator gets his info from CNBC.
You're a good man Senator Casey. Maybe a great man.
We shall see!  Obamacare was dying so no choice!
To bad they didn't know this before they voted. It would be nice if they'd read the bills before they vote. I read it before they voted. WTF
even more cold water, reports say senate wont vote/pass it. premature ejaculation from trump/house GOP.
Evil republicans and fake Christians.
Thanks for the refreshment, now...on with repeal & replace!
Take health care benefits away from the members of Congress.
We need 2 find the GOP corporate  sponsors  @shannoncoulter  @slpng_giants  #resist  #GrabYourWallet  #stopspending  #boycott
You are an anti American vote grabber. You only care about yourself.
If you Dems can't stop this people are going to die. Lots of people. No one will care since we're old, I'll, or invalid. No to #AHCA
How do the supposed pro-life Republican's give states an opt out for maternity coverage?
Sexual Assault is a pre-existing condition?  Figures since trump has left a lot of sex assault victims in his wake.
5% if millions people just shut off.  What else do the billionaires want?
These people have the nerve to call themselves Christians. They are a bunch of hypocrites.
Is like to throw some #santorum on #drjellyfinger @SpeakerRyan  and the rest of the @HouseGOP
@JrgLaw @HouseGOP @CNBC This insurance brochure photo shows a doctor performing Quadruple Bypass Surgery under the planned AHCA
Well, then, surely some of the GOP's families will be affected. Will they, too, be denied? Are they counted in the 20+ million?
This really sucks
Did you read it, show us the text
@gop #deathcare means millions will die
Bob, you are the fraud.  You and your party have damaged the nations economy, hurt our workers and weakened the security of America.
And you're a Russian troll. Pos don't care about the aged, the ill, those who have less. This is a way to finance a tax break for the rich.
@_DanMangan 

5% seems a bit optimistic.
they don't care because it doesn't affect them. I am really angry about the direction our country is going. they are corrupt.
What does you fellow senator from PA think of this bill? @SenToomey
who knows? @senToomey is inaccessible to his constituents.
AHCA is a kind of gradual death and genocide for most senior Americans. AHCA divided 2 classes: Young & Seniors of America. Young'll be old
#AHCA is further split between the rich and the not rich.  I won't say poor because the middle class will be greatly impacted.
Especially since the employer coverage requirement is removed.  Millions more will no longer afford coverage.
You want to help? Go after the pharm comps to lower the prices of their drugs. Stop spending my $ for me and let me take care of my family.
Senator why don't you personally pay for my grandparents meds since they have to choose between meds and food. No? I didn't think so.
Sir, you have been in the Senate for 11 years. It is time to cash in some of those chips for the PEOPLE. Be as loud as we will be.
And the definition of preexisting conditions is pretty barbaric. Rape, domestic abuse, etc.
Senator can you come to the rally at 2nd & Chestnut at 6:00 tonight?
