I can't believe that you say that. He's not messing w/ healthcare system he's trying 2 fix the insurance part of it that you Dems screwed up
how do stealing funds for medicaid to give to the 1% "fixing" health insurance?  That's not a fix.  it's mass murder.
Unlike you, I live in a country with a functioning healthcare system, where people's worst worry is not having good dental. 
Can't make this any plainer. US has the very best Healthcare system in the world. Don't confuse it with price or how to pay. Separate issues
Uhh...no. HARD no. The only major illness you're no.1 at treating is breastcancer? For everything else? You're not even in the top 3.
See here:
List of countries by quality of healthcare
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_quality_of_healthcare?wprov=sfla1 …
Where life expectancy is concerned, you are 43rd in the US, while Germany ranks 21st. 

https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_life_expectancy?wprov=sfla1 …
Before people attack Medicaid as charity for the "lazy" I'll remind you that most full time Walmart workers draw medicaid a la $7.25/hr
And it locks them into those jobs because if they work a second job or get pell grant for school they loose it.  The income limit needs uped
yes it does. hands up programs work best when there's a gradual reduction in benefits as a person's income raises beyond poverty line.
Hoping for more restraints ACA is bankrupting  the Citizenry & destroying the economy! My cost up >300%! #FullRepeal @COSProject
That's not the ACA.  It's the insurance companies and providers charging too much.  Medicine for profit.
Agree, no competition = higher cost! Mandating Citizens buy coverage is Insurance Co dream.
ACA's main weakness was not forcing the insurance, drug companies to lower costs when they mandated coverage.
If people are ABLE to work but can't afford their own healthcare they SHOULD work. Helps pay back into the system they are using. Logic
And if you are working 50 hours a week at $7.25/hr, I'm pretty sure THAT'S WORKING -- can't afford food, let alone insurance though.
It meets the requirements of work.
what about self-employment?  do you feel that counts as work?
Of course in which case you would be filing taxes as a business owner
And #Trump's HHS is illegally using taxpayer #ACA funds to spread lies and undermine it.
I'm open to talk about a requirment of work or work programs for people on medicaid. I want medicaid offered to people making more than pov.
And they will blame Obama and the Dems.
BTW I am a registered R who thinks his party has abandoned roots.
Um, before #1, you should add, "Elect a clueless, education-impaired, double-wide, top shelf asshole." Sorry if I'm O/T. #impeach45
The #aca was failing before trump took office. Just now you are paying attention & using it for political gain. Typical
New bill will screw those with pre-existing conditions (which i have) & further fuck the poor while giving ability to be ageist. #deathbill
Im sick of both sides. Either we get a new shitty bill or aca fails. In the end American people get the shaft
Millions of ELDERLY and disabled people without a voice will be homeless and hungry if TRUMPCARE passes. BILLIONAIRE TAX CUTS!
YAHOO news; just read he also IS making more difficult illuminating places 2 SIGN up ACA NOVEMBER & the amount of time 2 SIGN up FACT/check
Your boss already did that. Get your facts straight
@realDonaldTrump @nytimes His greed,by which he governs,is enormous. He's most #UnAmericanPresident Ever! Arnold S'd be better!
@MartinHeinrich @SenatorTomUdall Help!
Why can't he be stopped. This must be illegal.
I think having a psycho with nuclear weapons is higher up on Maslow's heirarchey of needs at this point !
The GOP and CNP are destroying our government
How do change the tide?
Start working with Congress or quit.
YOU&OBMA did the sabotaging now it has blow up in your face's Quit lying to your constituents."Obstruct,Resist,Refuse To do anything" #MAGA
The GOP should remember what goes around comes around and it always does.  2018 Americans need to vote them out of office.  RESIST
You and your party created this knowing it will fail to lead to a single payer system.  Otherwise, why let the ObamaCare dumpster fire burn?
Obama Care has failed.
ACA failed long before @POTUS stepped up to the plate.
I agree 100% Az prem 126% 2,ooo a mo. ded $50,000. Need  a website for all to reapply for Medicad Billions in fraud. Illegals wont sign up.
They aren't "letting it fail".  Republicans have been trying to gut it since beginning.  Willing to go back to people dying for lack of care
Americans need to stand together n fight back n legal action should be taken! He  is purposely trying to hurt millions of Americans
#MakeMuellerNotFireableByTrump
@realDonaldTrump @SenateGOP  You will be responsible for the collapse of the ACA if you fail to reach across the aisle to amend the ACA.
Your individual mandate is the reason why I can't afford an annual checkup.. 1100 in 2 years. Not that I could afford the deductible anyways
And the #GOP
It may be simpler to list things they are NOT sabotaging.
Maybe he ought to read it? https://goo.gl/VYKRqC 
The use of HHS ACA Ad money to make Ads against the ACA, is abuse of power, Malfeasance, illegally misusing funds like this is a crime.
@SenToomey says that they are making it better. Are you saying he us a liar? Because, you may have a very good case! Lol
Senator Casey.:  please do your very best to persuade other lawmakers to help those on the ACA.
How soon can we rid ourself of this cancerous person? Along with his main accomplices, Mitch & Paul
Typical the gop wants delay the new health care bill for 2 yrs just in time for elections make sure they get re-elected before they screw us
And withhold reimbursement!!!!
Democrats in 2010 passed ACA. Said would be affordable and great healthcare. ACA is failing, Democrats want to blame Trump. Dems own it ACA.
Also threatening not to pay CSRs
How do you live with those deceitful remarks?
"Letting" and "encouraging" ACA demise are two different things and they are definitely not just letting it fail.  Active push more like it.
@SenateDems BS! Healthcare system is garbage
Ofailurecare was conceived to fail, and you're deceitful to assume otherwise
The Dems & Obama sabotaged it with ACA & the Dems continue to do so as demonstrated by your constant bitching & lack of effort to fix.
So true, they can't come up with anything so they are making sure ACA becomes worse. How sad is that.
@SenateDems @nytimes they r investing in hc companies expectation to cash n on profits
4. Destabilize exchange markets by withholding  guarantees of subsidy payments to states.
Like it,quit telling ppl what 3buy,able bodies should work&dont care abt outreach.no Fed ACA,Free market,no lobbyist,C cost of service,etc
You did that when you voted for ACA.

Hopefully he gets government OUT OF HEALTHCARE and let the free markets handle healthcare and health insurance. Get rid of the ACA taxes!!!
No dems are sabotaging America
OMG for a change have someone pay their fair share Bob

Good! Our health care system is terrible. It needs to be done one way or another
A.Mandates to buy are undemocratic 
B. Work requirements for able-bodied are sensible
C. Essential coverage/one-size fits all is nonsensical
Thank you
Trump admin doesn't need to do anything the pile of garbage called Obamacare has taken untold tolls on the middle class and small business
Please keep fighting, Senator. We need more like you.
Obama care was the second biggest scam perpetrated on the Middle class
It began failing long before POTUS decided to run. It was designed to fail to 1 payer could be pushed on us.
Don't forget using ACA funds for their ads to say Obamacare is dead. Mis-use of federal funds
No the Democrats did this with the SCAM OF OBAMACARE. GET REAL YOU LIAR !
I think her healthcare was sabotaged about 8 years ago. Now look at the mess you put us in you should be ashamed of yourself
You and the Democrats sabotaged the system by not legally funding your entitled Obamacare and now want to pass the buck as usual
#FakeNews I fail to see how the the things listed directly sabatoge #ACA. Dems won't admit #Obamcare is failing on its own. #Repeal
Exactly right Senator Casey. What do we do to fight these cruel, @POTUS would say "mean," actions. Pat Toomey is totally unreceptive.
The real sabotage was the Obama administration's lies and deceit regarding O care.. it's broke.. Republicans are here to repeal and replace.
Shouldn't we be working to get people OFF Medicaid @SenBobCasey ?
Hey, Bob, have you truly sold your soul?
And this evil... http://www.thedailybeast.com/team-trump-used-obamacare-money-to-run-ads-against-it …
The individual mandate is tyrannical just like you.
Actually it's not because people have the option to say no and pay the fine.  It's no more tyrannical than a stop light.
Why should people without insurance have to pay a fine? A stop light for safety opposed to a fine that protects who?
Outreach is another word for welfare!
Obama's stash was stolen from me! And I want it back, thieves!
Time for some serious Anarchy! Emma Goldman; not Saul Alinsky!
Politicians are actively sabotaging our healthcare! I trust my doctor, not some greedy jackass politician!
 true
So the opposite of " We are a nation that cares for its people" is: pay your taxes, get back to work- stop bothering me with your sick kids
you live in Montana.  What do you know about Sen. Casey? He's my senator and I'm happy.
Obamacare was failing miserably before president Trump took office. Can't blame this one on him!
To all Pennsylvanians, don't forget @SenToomey helped with Trumpcare and is in @realDonaldTrump pocket. Sorry Pat, that is how it looks.
Don't forget @SenToomey helped write #BCRA
I hope everyone in Pennsylvania remembers come election time.
Then #Congress must act NOW to stop the megalomaniac in the WH. #deathcare #Trumpcare
Also: repeatedly posting inaccurate anti-ACA propoganda on HHS website, among other problems w site.
Democrats always expected Obamacare to fail. Their ultimate goal is a Single (socialized) Payer (the gov) system i.e.The #CharlieGard plan
Typical pathetic small Liberals: It's everybody else's fault but ours.
1. Govt-required coverage: BAD  2. Workfare: GOOD 3. Really?
Um the trump admin is actively sabotaging the entire country. We'll be the next Crimea. Absorbed into Russia with very own Putin owned trump
Yes, @realDonaldTrump surely is, as well as the country at large.
Should be "make" - not "let" - Obamacare fail. Important difference.
Why aren't you guys trying to REMOVE this idiot from office. There is something wrong with him.  You should all walk out in PROTEST.
How astoundingly ridiculous! Obamacare would have never worked but let's twist truth & say it's the fault of others! Casey hasn't a clue!
I love how Tr*mp's vendetta against Obama is more important than American citizens. Anyone who didn't see this coming got conned
Identity politics.  More important that Trump is REPUBLICAN than what he says or does. If GOP came up with ACA they would LOVE IT.
I think any kind of GOP healthcare will fail because they are too polarized. Anti-govt one on end, consitutent-focused on the other
It is worse. Stealing federal funds from the ACA to pay for propaganda ads against the program
NEW: This story is stunning.

It uncovers the propoganda agenda HHS running against ACA-- w taxpayer money.…
you need a permanent lower class dependant upon gov't to survive,keeping dems in power with promises of hand outs we pay for
while you sabotage middle-class with no answers just obstructing everything,helping poor while ignoring us that support them
Is this legal?
Why do you tell lies like this?
With the collusion of a GOP Congress. Time for a major change there.

Is it ammoral? Illeagle? Treasonous?  What will you do about it America?
Keep after Trump and his devious actions which hurt our citizens.  Trump voters need to wake up and we have plenty of them in PA.
Hell, he's sabotaging Democracy!
Much of the Senate, Congress, @realDonaldTrump base, the top 1%, super PACs.....
Thank you for providing facts to combat GOP lies.
Most Medicaid recipients incapable of working-He's actuallyeliminating Medicaid-Petty,Vindictive,Cruel,Self Absorbed Cretin is our President
Dear Senator: Here's a list of other sabotage tactics you can almost certainly expect this November (thread):
It's a great article and kudos to @samstein, but is anyone really surprised? They've been openly sabotaging the ACA since taking office. https://twitter.com/citizencohn/status/888014935883739137 …
Someone told me not to give them any ideas, but clearly they're already all over them. None require any great skill to think of or pull off.
Ur the one making things up.disgraceful
Trump, you, and the rest of your buddies are all sabotaging America.
HHS is actively using  ACA appropriations to destroy ACA. Trump, Price and all of them must be stopped.
Isn't that a violation of his oath of office?
Giving top secret information to Russia is also a violation of the oath.  Think he cares?
That might actually matter if there was any actual proof. Stop being a sheep to the lying media
Can you explain why I have to pay for 2 policies for my family now and why I don't remember what my doctor looks like anymore
Is it not against the law for him to purposely sabotage a government program ?
Ha ha ha  if you like your plan you can keep your plan 
Ha ha ha Obamacare was designed to fail to bring about single payer  You own it Bobby this anchor will be around your neck for 2018 
Maybe you'll get sick.
Rather die on my feet the live on my knees
Then get on with it.
You are not the majority and don't ask me to be part of your socialist utopia it has a 100% failure rate
Just die on your feet, okay.
I rather wait for you Bolsheviks to try anytime waiting for you want my address?
No@thanks. I prefer you just die on your feet.  A good way to accomplish that is to give up all insurance.  FREEDOM!!!

And your Republican colleagues (such as @SenToomey) are happily helping him. Disgraceful.
