DeVos press release celebrates Jim Crow education system as pioneer of "school choice": http://slate.me/2ltCB9R  
let's support the teachers unions and throw more money at a failing system. Either solve the problem or get out of the way.
Yes and I can't remember what changed.  Oh right Civil Rights act and all the southern dems went R.
That is impressive.
Ok but I was talking party/policy.  But your facts are correct and so are mine.  Southern Ds left.  R/D changed.
Awesome.  Glad to hear it.
you had choice in your children's schools, let poor kids have a chance
@NoFascistsPls does she know there used to be racist segregation. If not, someone should tell her. #rosecoloredglasses
every day I wake up and wonder what fresh hell I'll hear coming from this admin.
and DeVos is the pioneer of know nothing billionaires leading the fall of America.
Our next education standards need to include history of the south and segregation, @SenBobCasey
Gee whiz, can this unfortunate lady have any less of a clue?!
@EducationMN  Having DeVos as Sec of Ed is like having a Vegan as manager of RuthChris Steakhouse.

according to Bannon she was hired to deconstruct.  Nothing she, or any of them says shocks me anymore.
where do or did your children go to school I bet it's private. Hypocrite
you have that answ. also bobby
"choice" for those with privilege and that's what she's advocating now, too, right?
Between Trump's Frederick Douglass remark & DeVos's Ignorant statement we are looking @ an administration who needs history 101
She IS as stupid as she looks.
Her appointment to Sec Ed is,an absolute travesty, borderline treason by GOP
The model for "school choice" was to avoid desegregation. #themoreyouknow
I am stunned
this was the norm, north or south, in 1896 when the law was made in Louisiana.
It's called corp education reform: charters, vouchers, testing, ranking, union busting, VAM, etc. Obama/Duncan just as ignorant
So Bob, are u telling me that Blacks did not win the fight to not b segregated & attend any school of their choice?
R u telling me it wasnt important 4 them 2b able 2 choose? They would b better getting a 2nd hand education @ a sub par school?
Why do u never answer me Bob? Is it that only the right has to answer to it's constituents? Lib DBL standards at work here
That was really unbelievable that she said/thinks that. So dumb.
Next she'll be telling us that black people wanted to sit in the back of the bus.
Wouldn't that be "seat choice"?
DeVos is either nefarious or profoundly ignorant; probably both. What can citizens do to combat such abject willful ignorance?
appalling
NO it is NOT holy cow a 57 year backslide how can a human NOT know this? (flabbergasted--is this unschooling?)
Senator, you have been on Keep it up!!
What do you think @SenToomey ?
@BetsyDeVosED HBCUs are a "model of school choice" in the same sense that necessity is the mother of invention
she is totally ignorant of anything other than her bible studies. Truly shameful
thank you so much for your continued sense talking among so much nonsense.
Pathetic. She gives praise to school systems dedicated to educating Blacks and "ATTACKKKK." Everything is a crisis anymore.
@shelleymm12 well, it's a good thing that she didn't actually say that at all.
.@BetsyDeVosED ZERO idea what she's doing. Painfully embarrassing for the U.S.. #grosslyunqualified #butwelareadyknewthat #ugh
she probably believes Carlise Indian School falls into the same category!
@Atrios Maybe @BetsyDeVos would know that if she had attended public school. I certainly did.
Thank you Senator. You always stand up for what's right! So proud that you represent PA.
@Atrios her ignorance is really just breathtaking.
This is why she got confirmed, not because she's qualified.
"School CHoice" means rich get steak, poor get leftovers. Should have chosen to be rich.
setting the US up to have a generation of "educated" kids wont be on par w other countries USA left in the dust in tech med etc
She couldn't be any more overtly racist if she used the Emergency Address system to scream "Niggers" for 2 days.
She's either really dumb or really evil.  Not sure which yet.
Exactly why we need to protect IDEA #clueless
@djmincey11 remember, Bannon said each of these people were chosen to obliterate the offices they now hold. I believe him.
That's Sec. Donor. Thanks Citizen United
really what is wrong with her?
wow. she is more ignorant than i could have possibly imagined. @BetsyDeVosED @BetsyDeVos
This is a joke, right? No American be THAT tone-deaf or stupid, right?
Sadly, no. Her statement is also barely coherent.
wow she is dumb.
Trump and DeVos are pandering in order to bring black voters over to the GOP.  Drop free school lunches to poor, cater to $$
If stupidity were a hamburger, Devos would B a Big Mac! She & *45 obviously failed history.
Most uneducated and/or willfully ignorant administration ever.
she's so out of touch it's laughable
Our secretary of Education is IGNORANT.  What does that say about us?
@Weltenbrandt This uninformed person should never have been confirned.
the ignorance is less dangerous than her radical christian right ideology imo
Remind me again, what made the GOP think she was an acceptable choice for Secretary of Education? Aside from the bribes.
I'm not kidding when I say my face hurts from all the face palms...
It's hard to fathom that her lack of qualifications for the job can be surpassed by her ignorance of the job! @Weltenbrandt
nailed it!
Maybe someone can give her a history book?  Or a dictionary?
But the segregation & inequality that built the business of "school choice" maintains Sec. DeVos as a billionaire
@snarkysnowqueen filthy creature
What has happened to this country in 30 days? Will we ever be able to repair all the damage that is still being created?
@BetsyDeVosED it's just another sign of not only how incredibly ignorant and racist she is but also disconnected from reality
the ignorance of this woman astounds.
wow.
She really IS a moron
DeVos comment + @KellyannePolls #disrespect 2 #HBCU leaders in our Oval Office sending dog whistle 
trump's administration is bigoted and racist
shes an insensitive racist who has no clue wat life is like for most Amers. Same goes 4 most of this administration. SHAMEFUL!

It is frightening that someone this ill  informed is in charge of our education system.
@Gus_802 weaponized ignorance
how do you even begin to respond to such an abominable statement?
