Yea sucks when you expect able bodied people to work or cut the size of govt.
Did you actually watch the video? You're not addressing anything said in it. Do you have answers for those questions? Or plugging your ears?
it's to make it through it when you have someone with zero credibility who has a propensity to lie all the time. Schumer is a joke
Sounds like trump, Spicer, kellyanne,  most of gop
Facts my man facts, they are important. Name me one big success King Obama had. Hurry before I start draining my fake tears.
So, you did NOT watch the video.

Schumer is only on for the first 10 or 15 seconds.

You should watch it. Full of facts about the budget.
No because it will change in the house.
So, you joined a thread which is attached to a video. But you won't watch it so that we can discuss it?
teach man to fish...quit giving man fish.
ok so you are for more spending for education programs...great!
where do you even start....
Our Dem leaders can't afford to be timid. Not only oppose Trump but make solid platforms/solutions a Dem trademark. SO many issues 2 tackle
Agree !  I am hopeful that a new democratic personality will emerge from this rubble.
Yes  giving away our tax  Dems. We cannot survive deficit spending.
Uhm...  I don't need Trumpsters on my thread. Counterproductive.
Common sense economics. Country cant survive deficit spending. Can u? Deficit spending is spending more $ than u earn.
Did I or did I NOT say give Trumpism a rest on my thread? Choose wisely.
This is to Roger, right?
Yeah cuz he intruded on a Senate Dem thread
What is wrong with cutting blotted welfare programs? People that can work don't. Why? Free taxpayer dollars . Plenty of jobs everywhere. 
Bloated. It cuts education, for starters
It cuts further increases in education. Time to tighten belts at all levels. $20 trillion debt and growing because deficit gov. spending.
tax cuts for rich people should be capped/removed and rolled back first. Reducing education spending is foolish
If they take away loopholes for the top 30%. Don't want to cut funding for education. Want to stop further increases. Belt tightening
Please stop with the obstruction.Try constructive http://engagement.Read  the budget proposal and make contributions.
constructive engagement the way the Repubs did for 8yr? Right. Got us to where we r now.
It's not about the past. It's about now and working together to help all Americans not just to promote the Dems agenda.

I know, right? Like the efforts to change the reason for Civil War, and changing text books to omit certain historical figures.
BOOM!! No More Russian BS: Kim http://Dot.Com  DROPS BOMBSHELL! — SETH RICH LEAKED DNC EMAILS TO WIKILEAKS
Thank you for spelling out all the issues for everyone!
Stop spreading fallacious remarks.
Drama queen! Someone give him a crown. 
@CoryBooker I support "Make America Great Again!" Hence the budget as oriented for the cause!
Go home losers - actually present the facts truthfully not your typical hyperbole!
Dems telling us what to think? I don't think so comrades.
Another Trump flunkie ignoring the facts and talking shit. I can talk shit too. They are just explaining what IS in his Goldman's wish list.
Enjoy your thoughts being controlled.
Said the sheep to the scholars.
I live in new jersey tell me what to do???
@CoryBooker best budget in a long time. Come on. Give the guy a break. You know he's right
Tell the truth for a change, not bs.
Lead the way Bob
Start pounding into the heads of everyone medicare for all or single payer while you have the advantage, quit bullsh*tting & wasting time
No the question is. What does the government that we pay and put in office think?
That budget is a pile of burning garbage. Disgusting!
We  already told you what we think. RESIST! We haven't stopped fighting. We need YOU to fight with courage worthy of the lives on the line.
Unfortunate turn of phrase: I think you meant to say what's in the budget. Otherwise looks like you are trying to tell people what to think
The @POTUS will hurt this country while he only helps his friends and the rich. The poor & middle class will suffer.
none of the drastic cuts to the arts and humanities specified here are acceptable.
I would like some of my tax dollars back of the billions that Obama gave to Iran. Senate Democrat stop wasting your employers tax dollars.
If you didn't know, now you know
NO CUTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY DISABILITY INSURANCE PAYMENTS AND MEDICAID!!!
I think Trump's Budget sounds great. All you guys want to do is make it go higher and Higher.
#RESISTANCE March for our human rights March on Washington @StrongerTogether
cuts increases and should be passed,stop spending is into oblivion,liberal Dems are such losers,killed middle-class
I agree with you 100% please kill this budget cuts right now this bill a is a piece of crap, besides this is the death warrant for America.
#KillTheTrumpBudget
#SeanHannity Gins Up New Conspiracy to Fight Conspiracy Mongering Charges About #SethRich #FoxNews http://go.shr.lc/2rVxFNC 
Keep spreading your propaganda!  #draintheswamp
Make congress and senate subject to the same healthcare as the general population and see how fast they fix the system!!
That will give them the incentive to get off their posteriors and work together and get things done!  No more free lunch!
impeach the SOB  we don't need AMERICA ran like TRUMP UNIVERSITY
@realDonaldTrump @POTUS Resign, or impeachment,  those are your choices, if you continue, YOU ARE GOING TO BE DESTROYED. Think very hard.
Great video  Demacrat Senate!!  This would be great on tv commercials and on billboards.  Thank you!  I will pass it on.
THANK YOU.  GOD BLESS YOU
YESSSSS
Thanks to the deplorable #TrumpBudget, GoFundMe will become the nation's largest food and healthcare provider.
sounds great! It's about time some body got serious about the out of control Democratic spending and the doubling of the deficit.
Crcodile Tears Chucky.   Guarantee he says it's going to kill every minority, child, woman, basically everybody but adult white makes.
He'll pass it. If he can pass the contemptible AHCA, he can pass this budget. Not afraid. My fear is voter suppression
Anyone one votes for this budget will be VOTED OUT
Demsenators  bunch of  morons in  power
Right Wing news isn't covering these facts accurately. We shd complain 2 advertisers, demand truth re:politically relevant info fr all media
did you really ask the question and then say you'll tell them what to think and say?  Demobots? #trumpbudget
Is the entire @HouseGOP cognitively challenged or just down home butt faced evil?
Must see....
I have been calling and writing, without my SSDI (that I paid for when i worked) I would be devestated
Call your Senators and Reps! Keep calling! Leave messages. Keep them busy!

Have either of you read it? Or are you lip service for your unelected staff

Never seen anything this absurd. Do they not realize that this will cost us MORE  down the line, burdening the younger generation more?
We must vote all GOP out. Suspect worse to come....no GOP politician challenges GOP
#FlipThe6th
Here's a thought, police the programs to ensure those receiving are legitimate. Don't give SS, Medicaid to illegals
@SenBobCasey We Trust Trump to do what is right!!! Support him!!!
Fight also for the "hidden" billions of dollars.
Mulvaney & Rs are cruel, hateful, unAmerican. This budget is BS -why would any of us want to stay in this country or believe in America?
No work across the aisle be for the people. And make this budget work
NEVER !!!!!!!
too late, you created Trump, now you live with it.
Trump's budget is creating military state...why? No help for the least of us...2018 is coming...vote'em out of office
I have a question for Trumpets. How is gutting SS., Medicare, Chip, Veterans programs, rural infrastructure, ect. Make America Great?
Manipulators need to get off their asses & start policing these programs. Too many people using under false pretenses.
Besides talking points, PLEASE give stats, sources, FACTS! So your point is rural areas leach infrastructure $? And SS is undeserved?
They double-counted two trillion in federal income in that monster, and they KNOW it.
you freaking people are out of control. You all need fired!
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP you must shred this shameful and cruel budget along with Trumpcare
#NOTRUMPBUDGET
I hope it effects College's. What a waste that is. They. Promote hate. Ruining our young people.
Think, the Russians have taught communism to our colleges and schools, they are influencing mainstream media who are all democrats.
All it has to say Democrats. Don't trust none of you
Chuck not only do you. not know what has hurt the middle class you really don't care you think what you say sounds good
How does a soon to be impeached president get to continue to wreak havoc on our country? #pausethispresidency
#Resistance #TrumpRussia #ComeyMemos
This clip on the Trump budget is a must see. You can't miss this one.
Well, the budget does give Democrats an opportunity to show what their party stands for. I hope that all Americans hear it.
Amy Schumers creeper uncle makes me sick. The Democrats really don't know what audience they're aiming for anymore/
If your job depended on cutting expenses you would do it! And by the way, that's exactly what your job depends on today.
spending is out of control! Go after the fat and leave what programs you like. But cutting is necessary.
Support the Trump Administration budget with  Welfare reform.   Make changes to get these families off of assistance and back to work.
We do speak and hope you are all listening.  Wish GOP did
Push Back...Push Back... Push Back...!!!
Americans don't care what you think. Your Party comments are vulgar, small minded and ignorant. Stop wasting our time.
We need to vote out old DEMS  heads. To long making $ no work.
Elect Patriots DEMS like JFK, Robert K old true DEMS that respect& value USA
Crying queen  don't give up finding reasons not to work for the American people needs and interests. Obsess all DMS with P. Trump 
The dems are incompetent. Pay attention to @RepresentDotUs.
An incompetent voter who worships an majorly incompetent man calling someone incompetent? Sir, you live in a glass house, don't throw rocks
Rock paper scissors.
In our world: WE talked: HE listened: @POTUS takes action on OUR WORDS! C U 2018! @TheDemocrats @SenWarren @ananavarro @NancyPelosi @FoxNews
People see Trumpublican budget as more trickle down economics. GOP remains unconcerned even as their captain & ship are going down. 2018!
Well you know what? Maybe you should all get on the track with Progessive&Justice Democrats instead of being weak and sad corporate flunkies
Any budget doesn't benefit our citizens it's worthless, AND the money that's saved is going to some nebulous, unaccountable place.
No on any budget; Trump has went high to start the bidding to pass this budget, this can never happen vote no on all Trump legislation!!!!!!
Y'all need to stop!!!!....Dems brought on big problems with the budget for years ..........
Thank you for speaking out. #Resist the #Trumpbudget
Every person on twitter needs to watch this. It spells out precisely what will happen with the trump tea party budget.
YOU have been telling us what is best for us for decades with your social engineering, Major problem homie
We voted Trump to cut the bloated, fat government administrations! 20 Trillion in debt! Checks will not be cut,the FAT administrations will!
Many veterans, myself included, would gladly continue to pay to provide assistance to children in need--with or without SSNs.
Thank you for your Tweet and thank you for your service sir
That's very kind of you! I was deployed on "humanitarian" missions, so I'm baffled by the proposed domestic social services cuts.
The DemonRats definitely have not been thinking for many years !!! You only have to look at the last 8 for the SWAMP the Democrats created!
We need you to start winning elections and then passing meaningful legislation when you do
Do we balance the budget or go another trillion in debt? Someones going to pay someday. Oh yeah our kids and grandkids!
@KenMarino Mulvaney's pandering to the base. VA benefits were never, and better not be, on the block.
Yeah, schoo even looks like satan
The fed gov't is a bloated spending machine with no limits 20 tr.Dollars in debt. Redundancy in almost every state/Fed agency. Need to slash
Where is your alternate budget?
Fight for right to steal workers money!
#TrumpBudget : GOP's #CruelChristianExtremism
your policies have born very little fruit.
And your's will hardly pass the senate. Just wait.
Fired up! Ready to Go!
GOOD MORNING FOR ALL MY FRIENDS .
