That's ok! Your vote doesn't count, but our votes will count in 2018!
our only voice Senator Casey.
and we see how wasting our time and money went. You lazy P.O.S.
Thank you for standing in resistance! #resisttrumptuesday
thank you for being in our corner! @IndivisiblePHL #19147
thank you. @SenToomey shame on you
I cast my vote against you in 2018.
you should be voting against all of these clowns from the billionaire boys club. #TrumpLiesMatter #bannonspuppet
thank you for voting against him
How can you support Sen. Elizabeth Warren then--the house flipper???
nj
thank you, Senator Casey, for voting no on Steve Mnuchin!
did you have concerns about tax dodge secretary Tim Geithner? Who was asleep b4 financial crisis?
as you & other democrats try to obstruct all cabinet nominees, the more I think I will be casting my vote against Casey 2018.
can you give me one reason you feel this man should be head of this cabinet position?
experience business knowledge. Not a sociallist. Wants to make America great. Need more
btw, what EXACTLY does "make America great" mean? It's really a vague non-statement
remember the Casey highway debacle who made out.
Any excuse in a storm Bobby boy??
thank you. If only @SenToomey had a tenth of your integrity
thanks for doing the right thing sir.  Too bad we have to deal with on the take toomey
Duh, just admit you are a puppet. Let's see how you do on the pro life supreme court nominee. Scranton is watching.
thank you!! Keep going!!!!
You were supportive of Clinton, who caused the crisis.
I work in the industry and have dealt with his bank. Processed many successful loan modifications. #false narrative.
thank you for looking out for our financial health!
Thank you Senator Casey!
people who live in a glass house should not through stones.
I would bet if we looked into your financial dealings we would find similar acts.
so what you're saying there isn't one nominee you will vote for?
Thank you, Mr. Casey.
:Thank you! Please continue your commitment to truth and ALL the people! 
that's a shocker
Again, thank you for standing up.
Hey Bob, did you support anyone?  Or are you there just to say no?
Thank you for continuing to fight for us!
thank you!!!
Thank you for your vote against Mnuchin
Your chances of re-election are sinking. We don't know what to think or say anymore. Who are you Sen. Casey? Puzzled.
Thank you.
thank you
thank you!  Keep on fighting for us.
the gov't profited off predatory practices. Throw in College loans also.  You are insufferable. Can't wait for to be out.
Thank you!
Make sure you don't vote for yourself in the next election, then.  You just described the Senate!  Drain the swamp.
I will send you a postcard on March 15 but it will be to say thanks for standing up to all this.
I'm so shocked.  You're going to vote against any nominee from the trump administration.  You're a joke
Thank you Senator. I'm glad PA has one honorable Senator.
bob bob bob ya just can't win
What's wrong with @Sen_JoeManchin ?
thank you for your vote of disapproval!
Again, thank you Senator Casey.
Thank you.
@TuesdaysToomey Thank you Senator Casey. Your honest and just stand on nominees appreciated.
gee didn't see that coming. Cause party line crap has got America in this really cool place..peace and love in the air
Thank you, Senator! I'm proud to know that you represent me in Congress!
Thank you Senator Casey!
#props
Counting down the days until you are voted out of office Bobby! You are a withering potted-plant that needs to be uprooted!
Thank you for standing up for Pennsylvanians and their pursuit of the American Dream. Sad day for all.
thank you Senator Casey for listening to your constituents.
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator Casey!
#resist Thank You!
Winning
Thank you Senator.
thx, senator Casey. Keep up the resistance.
thank you
you can't support anyone
thank you
cast away, he's in there whiney libtards
@TuesdaysToomey thank you!!
thank you!
Thank you! Keep up the good work!
Once again, we thank you for looking out for the people
Keep it up! MoC can't become 'yes men' to Trumputin and Brannon's agenda. Releasing  Trumputin's tax returns is a must happen.
not to mention his alliance with Bernie Madoff, thank you Sen. Casey.
good to hear!
thank u senator 2 bad our other senator didn't feel the same way @SenToomey
But, it was okay when Elizabeth Warren profited, correct Senator? #hypocrisy
Thank you!! -Your constituent in Pgh
Run 2020!
THANK YOU! So many people were left homeless by him and his ilk. Shameful.
but u supported Lew who at Citigroup oversaw invested in a hedge fund "that bet on the housing market to collapse.
and Citigroup paid $215m fine for predatory loan practice when Lew was there #hypocrisy
Thank you for voting NO!  Thank you for standing  by homeowners.
Thank you, Senator.
@realDonaldTrump Senator I applaud you for resisting the alligators lurking. Trump made the swamp ever so much bigger..#resist
um no.
well that is just dandy. You are all playing with fire. SMH
Thank you, Senator Casey. Too bad others, including your PA colleague, didn't understand this simple fact.
thank you sir
Thank you
What do you want a slap the back. You need to do more than that
thank you senator!!
Thank you!
can't wait till you lose in the next election cycle!
@diyclassics I can't support a Senator who has no brain.
Toomey has not brain. Neither does #45. In fact both are intellectually lazy.
Thank you Senator Casey!! You're one of the good guys!
Keep it up! You're giving us hope that someone is listening, which gives us strength to #persist. #RESISTANCE
Housing crisis created by Fannie May & Freddie Mac, so you cannot support the government? Finally we agree on something.
@sanssoucish2 Good but not good enuf Bob. You guys fucked it up so bad, there's no way out now. Go Dems!
thank you for doing the right thing!
Thank you!!!!
Thank you Senator Casey!
please keep this in mind when Elizabeth Warren runs for president in 2020.
thank you
: Thank you for being a voice of reason in Congress
Thank you Senator Casey.
- Thank you.
thank you!
Funny, who put in the regulations that forced banks to give loans to ppl that shouldn't have them? Own the mess!
what are you talking about?  What mess does he need to own when it comes to mortgages?
Government subsidy Frannie May & Freddie Mac along with loans to unqualified borrowers. The perfect storm.
Are you talking about the subprime mortgage crisis that sparked the 2008 recession?
thank you!
THANK YOU
Thank you for listening to your constituents.
Thank you!
Big surprise!
#CongressDoYourJob #WeThePeople support @POTUS #2018#2020
#it doesn't matter anymore there is no hope
Thank you. If there w ere a few Republican senators with a conscience he might not have been confirmed.
why r u still appointing ppl or even sitting for a vote when the trump admin is PUTIN??????
You've got to go....I never realized how stupid some senators really are until I read your tweets, wow stupidity running amuck
Maybe we need a stellar genius like yours to make us a 1 party system run by a dictator. I'm curious, do you read
Rick Saccone 2018
fight fiercely Senator @GOP @TheDemocrats
Thank you
Yeah, how did that work out for you?
at least one of PAs senators has the guts to do the right thing. Thank you.
Thanks Senator did what you could We are with you!
Do we bother to look for @SenToomey response?
Thank you for continuing the fight.
You got to do what you got to do.
2018 is coming quick
Good. Cast ur vote and move on to ur next objection. When will you provide something constructive? Tired of ur bitching on r $.
Thank you, Senator. This constituent supports you.
Obama was doing same thing with his lenient USDA housing loans to provide "poor" ppl loans for mortgages they couldn't afford.
yes. Too bad for all of us- even the stupid ones who think this is a win.
Do us a favor and get your meds adjusted - again. @BobElliot5645 @SenBobCasey
Thank you!!
glad you are doing your job.
thank you
Please try to straighten out @Sen Toomey He is NOT voting in the interest of PA...only for himself  #NoEthicsNoSoul
thank you! If only @SenToomey had a spine and or concience.
Toomey sold his soul a long time ago
thank you!
