It was my honor to break tie vote in Senate overturning last minute Obama rule & restoring state control over Title X family planning funds. 
Bam! U got overruled senator! Outta here in2018! Hahahaha!!!
One so dishonorable cannot do anything with honor. You are as illegitimate as @realDonaldTrump
Abortion has nothing to do with women's health. PP does not do much else for women.
Thank you Senator Casey.
Not my senator.
My honor to unseat @SenToomey in 2022.
Casey out, 2018!
Thank you, Senator Casey. It is my honor to have a senator who values women's rights and votes accordingly. Wish we had 2.
@TheDemocrats must stop I.D. politics. Dems being obstructionists of good govt.
No filibusters on #SCOTUS and we're watching.
JOBS needed.
You have absolutely no clue about healthcare in Pa. Let alone women's healthcare. We are voting you out 2018!
@TheDemocrats Stop party loyalty. Constituents matter. FIX ACA pronto. Cut CorpTax, Create jobs, reshore money and don't obstruct.
Primary U
Shame, shame, shame! Guess the apple fell far from the tree.
Thank you Senator Casey!
Thank you
Mr Casey you are duped, like every other lib. Facts:men arent women. Women arent men. Unborn babies arent blobs of tissue. Abortion=murder!
This same people of covered under Obamacare's free medicaid. Why should we pay more?
Mighty Casey has struck out.  #DefundPP #ConfirmGorsuch
What about the health of the unborn child. UnFunding abortion is great.
Thank you @SenBobCasey !
You need to support Trump.
Shame on you @SenBobCasey Never call yourself PRO-LIFE again.  It's tyranny to force me to pay for the murder of unborn children.
I wish my own senators did the same they seem to ignore women
@GOP has had an on-going war against women.

#RESIST
hypocrites like Pence should pray that no female they care for will ever be faced with an abortion decision.  Bet they'd change their minds
I think it's called projection when you assume everybody else is as hypocritical as you are.
You lie. No more money for planned parenthood so they can sell baby body parts  you know it's true all dems do is try to hide truth
Pence 
Thank you, Senator. It is so nauseating how these people vote against the women of our nation. The hypocrisy is staggering. #TitleX
Join me people in northwestern Pa. Vote Casey out
I am from your district . You are not getting my vote if you don't support Trump.
What are you sheeple talking about? Have you any clue? This Power is going back to the States, the way it was intended.
thank you. At least we have one reasonable representative in the senate.
A country founded by geniuses, now run by idiots. Your no genius! Shameful that you think abortion is women's health. PP doesn't need our $$
you won't be senator to much longer, you're going to lose
U Go Bob good decision Pence its only a matter of time before they know if u were involved with Russia also can't wait
@VP Thank you Senator. Why are women so distasteful to Republicans?? Sad!!
why would you want more control in DC  then your own state?
Keep fighting for, @SenBobCasey !
Thank you!
Wrong again!
@VP I don't understand antagonism toward women's health. Shame
Well just like Trump another stupid decision.
Thank you.
As always thank you @SenBobCasey for repping constituents and standing for what is right. Thank you @VP for continuing to be a huge turd.
thank you, sir. We need more elected officials to stand up for #RealPA
53 million dead children disagree
Thank you @SenBobCasey 
Sadly, Republicans are now openly targeting women. And we are watching.
Thank you Senator Casey - proud to be a constituent of yours, the other guy? Yah not so much !
So embarrassed for our country today. Proud of those who voted against. #TitleX
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you.  Too bad the rest of you colleagues are so small of heart
Thanks Senator!
Thank you, Senator.
It's a sad day for women's right to control their health.
Thank you, Senator!
thank you for fighting the good fight!
Thank you Senator Casey!
it is an honour to have representation with a healthy level of morality and #AmericanValues. Thank-you thank-you #StandWithPP
I'm somflad@toubare fighting the good fight. Seeing what they are doing is breaking my heart...
I appreciate you!
i wont ever get to see another dr screenings are cheap there i already chose food utils car insurance boys needs hes making it harder 
President Bob Casey. Sounds good, doesn't it?
thank u Senator 4 caring abt the women in this country. @SenToomey
Courts striking down this "women's health" law as #unconstitutional in 3...2...1... #TitleX
Glad we have someone fighting for us, not like weasel @SenToomey  and corrupt @VP
Thank you for supporting women's rights. You are an advocate for good in PA - you have my support in 2018. #RealPA #TitleX
Go Bob Go!!!
thank you for your efforts. These Republicans are horrible and can't see the good that Planned Parenthood does.
Your equating "health" with abortion is dishonorable.
VP Pence I hope your righteousness gets you a good seat in heaven &then God pulls your chair out allowing U to fall into the Hell U deserve
@VP Thank you, Senator Casey! VP Pence thanks for nothing!
thank you for standing up for women. Sad the White House hates us so much.
Thank you, Senator Casey. Continue to fight for our best interests and our rights.
I'm a women's healthcare provider & your constituent TY for standing up for PA women! Another blow to common sense today. #StandWithPP
Thank you Senator, for representing *all* of your constituents. #TitleX
Thank you!
Thank you Sen. Casey.
Thank You!!
@mike_pence is a vile man. If he would come out of the closet he might not be so evil.
Thank you Senator for looking out for me!!
Thank you for standing with all the people who rely on #TitleX. Grateful that we have one good senator from PA fighting for us.
My tax dollars are not for abortions,
You truly represent the people. Thank You.
@raychelsoup @VP politicians speculate
thank you for standing up for womens health issues
Thank You, Senator Casey.
TY Senator Casey for protecting womens health care Too bad other men @SenToomey don't believe in SDS and cancer screening @WhatsPatUpTo
Thanks Senator.
@VP So you're against power being returned to each state? U want more Federal control! Only a far left Sen. Would c this as bad
Do I even need to ask how your counterpart @SenToomey voted?
Thank you Senator.
Pence is a disgrace. Thank you Senator Casey for trying to protect your constituents
It's a shame we could not get one more Republican to vote against this bill
Thank you for doing the right thing, maybe you could have a sit down and explain some things to @SenToomey
@VP 2Any group/man trying2tell women what2do should be "tarred,feathered,&run out.."We are capable&self-sufficient&very bright!
Thank you!
@SenBobCasey And it will be my honor to vote Democrat Party Hackjob Bob out of the Senate next year!
@VP 1Dear Senator, As a woman, I thank you for not taking steps to send us back to pre-SusanBAnthony, b/c our bodies are our's.
.@SenBobCasey , as a Pennsylvania woman, I'm incredibly honored to have you represent me. Thank you!
Pence is a dangerous radical Christian extremists. AND, what is his relationship w/ Manafort, who installed him as VP & spoke to daily?
Thank you for always considering the needs of human beings in your votes, Mr. Casey. Proud you're my Senator.
Thank you, Senator!
Bob that makes u an accessory to murder.
Thank you for your vote against !
Thank you, Senator. You are The Man.
TY, Sen. Casey.  Keep fighting for us.
Thank you Senator Casey for standing up for the women of Pennsylvania. #courage
@VP hopefully, not too many women will die
He wasn't satisfied that he increased HIV by defunding PP in Indiana. He wants the nation to suffer.  So he can be self-righteous.
Thumbs down!!
Why are you so addicted to the Federal Govt??
@VP 

17055 and am not a bot.

Keep up the good works sir.
Thank you @SenBobCasey for standing up for the rights of half of you constituents. We will never forget what the GOP did today.
@VP  senator, you have my vote 2018. Keep up the good work. I do appreciate what you are doing.
Thank you. Please continue to fight for women. The GOP continues to marginalize us.
Proud of you Bob, stand tall and fight the good fight.
Thank you Senator Casey. You represent us well. #LoveMySenator
Thank you @SenBobCasey . I continue to be proud that you stand up for Pennsylvanians, unlike your counterpart @SenToomey.
Thank you for standing up for us
Thank you for your vote, Senator. I'm so upset about this. But so thankful for men like you that have the courage to stand up for women. Ty
Thank you for voting for the health and wellbeing of the women in our communities! 
Thank you for standing up and with women's rights and healthcare. #Titlex  Pence @VP  should stand up for women's rights too? @SenToomey ?
Thank you.
Thank you, Senator.
@VP Keep up the fight Senator. If we keep the foot on the pedal, we can take back our country from the crooks and liars
@vp and his religious cult-like stance on everything is every bit as bad as @POTUS vile behavior. So disturbing the hypocrisy!
Keep up the good, hard work. This is such a sad turn of events but glad you're continuing to fight for what's right!
THANK YOU
Thank you, Senator!!
Thank you @SenBobCasey.  We must continue our fight and our #RESISTANCE to this nazi-like regime.
You have my sincere thanks. @SenToomey, on the other hand, does not listen and does not represent Pennsylvania women.
That's a definite.  Ugh Toomey
Thank you, Senator, please keep fighting.
Thank you!
Proud that you are our Senator.  Now, if we can replace that other guy.....
YESSSS
Senator, thank you for standing up for my ability to make my own decisions about my body!
Thank you, Senator @SenBobCasey . We must keep fighting against this administration's disastrous agenda.
I am proud that you represent our great commonwealth. It is heartening that someone with compassion has a vote. signed, a FORMER Republican.
Thanks from Pittsburgh, @SenBobCasey.
@VP thank you Senator Casey. #TitleX
We all appreciate that unfortunately a lot of impoverished women lost access medical care today
Thanks again, Sen. Bob. Here's background on Pence: “Mike Pence, cigarette truther,” by Josh Israel, July 14, 2016
@VP I love you Senator Casey, at least one of PA's senators isn't a cowardly snake
These Republicans are monsters. Thank you for being on our side, Senator Casey.
The GOP war on women continues.
