It would be a grave mistake to toughen the standard of proof for campus sexual assault cases http://nyti.ms/2uq9doq 
IT'S TIME TO FUND THE WALL
Some add told me to say that
Dear @SenatorBobCasey: Please see the 500+ comments that accompany this op-ed. Due process + transparency are missing. #DearBetsy
Due process and transparency is present; unfortunately, not all institutions are in compliance at all time in the process.
Due process is not always present. No cross. No attorney at hearing. The list goes on. Transparency? Next to zero. Have a good day.
Not a problem specific to Title IX; rather, as to administrative handling of complaints - very specific as to each individual institution.
You oppose requiring that we prove someone guilty when accused of a crime.
Gratuitous comment. Title IX investigations by schools are administrative, not criminal, and the legal standard therefore is different.
That's the point. It shouldn't be. Rape is a crime, not an honor code violation.
Title IX involves much more than just rape. And in administrative proceedings, determining guilt is not the objective.
Rushing to eradicate campus SA processes used are indifferent not only to the truth but facts evidence and logic. We all should seek truth!
WHY would anyone do that? WHY? Especially a woman? I don't understand!!!!
@SenBobCasey You cannot raise up the cause of one group by systematically denying the rights of another. Due process must be for ALL.
Innocent accused men being thrown out of school without even a trial?  This is sexual assualt.  You are wrong Bob Casey.  Vote No Bob Casey.
As a dad of 3 girls I find it appalling that a lawmaker would even consider weakening a woman's civil rights regarding assault on campuses.
@SenBobCasey Blind support of the DCL to protect your base is an act of cowardice at the expense of innocent students denied due process.
Burden of proof is over-rated. We should simply believe every accusation and punish the accused accordingly. What could possibly go wrong?
You need to stop her. Women have a hard enough time without making harder.
Duke lacrosse, mattress girl , Rolling Stone -say no more
Respectfully Senator, the innocent should matter to you, as much as any survivor. Facts of IX cases on campus show us that reform is needed.
@SenBobCasey Pls. educate yourself about the problem of TIX DCL. Don't assume you're getting the facts. All students deserve a fair process.
@SenBobCasey have you ever met with the accused, sat down and heard their horror stories with T9 process??? Please listen to all sides
She has also reversed protections for LGBT kids -her agenda is archaic bringing us back to the dark ages!
Devos is a traitor to all women
...to all humankind...

Thank You!
Unpublished changes to past practice and policy have gone beyond mere rhetoric: some sec 106 regs no longer to be considered/enforced.
Senator, I earnestly implore you to educate yourself about what is really happening in these kangaroo courts.  Then take a stance.
Respectfully, Senator, it is possible to tackle  campus sexual assault while supporting due process rights for all.
.@SenBobCasey has NO IDEAS he is a terrible dud who got his seat from DADDY's SAME NAME
HE SETS HIS AGENDA BY FOLLOWING TRUMP THEN OPPOSING
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE protect us
Answer why we have Pakastani spy ring #AwanBrothers in congress and what you've done about it? Congress compromised?
Thank you Senator.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey for standing up! Obv. @BetsyDevosED has no clue about this or any other higher ed matter.
Thank you, she is horrible.  Didn't realize Toomey was bought and paid for by people outside of PA.
You oppose everything your Soros backed handlers tell you too. Period.
Thank you Senator! We need to remain vigilant.
Thank you!
She's literally the worst
Senator Bob, she has no concept of right or wrong.
No shit Bob....thats all you do is oppose and obstruct.......dont offer anything new....except more give aways for your unproductive base
You oppose anything that isn't originated from the Dems. THAT is precisely why you no longer belong in Washington representing PA.
Thank you @SenBobCasey !
she has no business in that position.
Thank you, Senator Casey!
Thanks @SenBobCasey for the hard work you are and have been putting in for us in PA in Washington, D.C. You deserve a few minutes to relax!
Thank you, Senator Casey. The goal of the Sec Ed is to destroy American education, her lack of knowledge of education is more evident daily.
Seriously name one good thing this administration does? I can't think of one. Evil at every corner.
Thank you once again!
Wow---So you are all in favor of Obama regs that proclaim you are guilty until proven innocent.  TERM LIMITS!!
Thank you, @SenBobCasey
Hard not to wish her ill.  People who've never faced hardship have no clue.  She is shameless.
Thank you senator Casey!
https://twitter.com/scottpresler/status/893477320215941121 … need to vote these people out in 2018.
Prediction: In 2018, Republicans keep house & pick up at least +5 seats in the Senate.

We are fired up and we will vote.
…
See how your state stacks upNot impressed with PA.
How does your states taxes and regulations rank for small business? 

Small Business Policy Index 2016  @SBECouncil
http://sbecouncil.org/resources/publications/small-business-policy-index-2016/ …

America Great Decline -  lowest in history private business ownership rates result from excessive government regulation loss of opportunity 
Thank you, Senator! Keep up the good fight for your constituents!
Thank you for your ongoing efforts! It's good to have one senator in PA who actually works for the people.
you are such a hero Bobby .. and good at BS
Marching orders from the DNC.
She is pond scum !!
My daughter took self defense classes for seven years, at 18 i bought her her first pistol. No man has tried anything stupid twice.
Here in the developed world, a realistic solution would be for men to not rape women, not to expect that women arm themselves.
And if a bullfrog had wings it wouldn't bump its ass when it jumped. Reality dictates one must be prepared to defend oneself even in Utopia.
Thank you Sen Casey! You're the only voice that represents me in Congress, as both @SenToomey and @RepTimMurphy aren't listening to us.
Our campuses MUST be a place for learning & growing. They should not be hunting grounds for predators. KEEP THEM SAFE!!  Betsy, it's on U.
Universities are not equipped to run criminal investigations, that aspect needs to be left to LEO who are trained to handle.
So why are LEO leaving such a rape kit backlog, ignoring complainants, refusing to investigate? They already don't protect victims.
Great question, address it to them and not the entity tasked to educate.
We need more cases like the Duke Lacrosse team to move this forward.
Good innocent until proven guilty
Thank you, Senator! Keep fighting for us!
This woman disgusts me. She has no concern for the well being of our kids. Sell them out for $$$ and what the powerful instruct her to say.
"You wanna attack schools, like chess moves, who gets bruised? Now let's choose..."
https://youtu.be/pdMpIp_YfU0?t=3m53s …
Typical for you. You get your info from NYT. Why not talk to @BetsyDeVos to find out the truth! Pennsylvania deserves better!@USTermLimits
thank you, sir.
Thank You @SenBobCasey!! At least we have 1 Senator in this state that cares & will be a voice for the common folk...
Thank you, Senator Casey. And, no thanks to @SenToomey.
Thank You Betsy seems to have liitle care for students, sexual assault  or civil rights
Unlike the Obama Admin. that shut down an inner city charter school that dramatically increased graduation rates because of the unions.
@nytopinion this is a complicated issue that goes beyond 144 characters. We need reforms and due process.
Thank you for having our students back!
So you want a GENUINELY innocent person to go to jail, on the basis of someone's lie? I'm for protecting women but this is ridiculous!
So your default assumption is that women lie about being raped? That's pretty twisted.
@BetsyDeVos Seriously....you need to check yourself, you aren't helping education at all...
What is wrong with her?
A lot!!
W
DeVos family supports radical right agenda. Funnel millions of $ to Christian orgs that want 2 make US a 1/2
Christian only country. This person should not be in our gov't. US was not founded with only 1 religion.
False religions! You are embarrassing and misinformed. Our Constitution guarantees freedom of religion. YOU think you are God?
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Thank you!
Besty DeVos is as unfit for her position as Trump is. Thank you for all you are doing to protect us from this travesty of an administration.
DUE PROCESS ring any bells? #VoteThemOut
Betsy Devos is destroying the U.S. Department of Education.
Good!!!! Worthless do nothing pc of garbage of a organization
Thank you, Senator!
She's a monster. A disgusting overprivileged monster who bought her position. #ThanksTrump
Kangaroo courts run by out-of-their-depth college administrators hurt everyone involved. Need real trials with real protections for all.
Real trials are already blocked by indifferent police, rape kit backlogs, distrust of women victims. There is no 'real trial' available.
THANKS RURAL PENNSYLVANIA 
