Local @CustomsBorder are good public servants, doing a job- it's @realdonaldtrump admin that is putting them in an impossible situation.
The detainees ought to be informed of their rights and have reasonable access to counsel.
Today's chaos didn't have to happen- @realDonaldTrump made it happen through his reckless executive order.
.@realDonaldTrump can't make security policy in 140 characters. This executive order must be rescinded.
Meanwhile, Sen. Toomey maintains his silence.
@SenToomey where are you Senator Toomey?  You must respond to your constituents.
Yes, where are you, Sen Toomey? This PA voter wants to know.
thank you for asking also.  I'm calling, writing....nothing.  Shameful
How is that legal? How is he still president when he's stomping over laws and values?
I have the same question and no immediate answer.
Let me know if you figure it out. Many say there is cause for his impeachment now. So why hasn't it happened?
I do believe it's seriously being looked into, but it's a process and def won't happen nearly soon enough.
It feels like the only way it happens is of someone gets caught cheating. This is the country. This is the world. Nothing more important
Truth.
they have no rights. They are not citizens. Oh forgot,lawyer buddies need income. Oh and lawyers are what makes up the Senate!
@billpeduto didn't Pennsylvania go republican in the last election?  Gee bob. Maybe u shld listen to ur constituents
American citizens have rights..not these folks #politicalhack
@ActDontReact #Nazis

fact alert! Non US citizens have no rights. Period !
Thank you. Keep it up.
Thank you for your efforts Sen. Casey. Please don't stop.
@SenBobCasey Thank you for your active involvement in the immigration ban issue! We are grateful that you continue to represent us!
good you have no business being there
Please keep trying for as long as it takes.
Unbelievable.
that's just wrong !
You need to check your laws before you go off spending my money on something you will never win. The laws is just that, the law
Thank you for what you are doing.
@SenBobCasey KEEP fighting DONT stop. You are our STRENGTH! Stop Donald Trumps White Supremacist Agenda! If you need us to show up just ask!
@maggieNYT Do you really care Senator about these ppl or is this a reelection stunt?
Where does your colleague Toomey stand on the issue?
Thanks, Bob.  Your virtue-signalling has been noted.  @SenBobCasey
.@SenBobCasey Over the past 8 years, we have no idea who Obama let into this Country. This is why .@POTUS Trump was elected. STFUP! #MAGA
get the rest of the democrats of their butts and in public making statements and standing in the protests with the people
Thank you for standing up against #45. This POTUS is dangerous to our democracy. It's nice to know that you care.
Show some moral courage and denounce the POTUS EO. It's shameful and un-American.
please keep up the fight senator Casey. Thank u
Treating all people w/ dignity and in accordance to the law shouldn't require a fight. Thank you for representing our country!
@jeffjarvis go bob Casey. Speak out
Let me get this straight a US Senator was denied access in his home state?  Is this a joke?
and what are you going to do about it please act!
Bannon wants to sow as much confusion as possible, create demonstrations, TV coverage. Pre-planned to be destructive
Thank you @SenBobCasey for stepping up. Good to know we in PA at least have one decent Senator. @SenToomey is still hiding.
Which folks in D.C.?
@maggieNYT Churchill spoke about an Iron Curtain descending across Europe. Now an Iron Fist has descended across America
@maggieNYT what folks in DC?
@maggieNYT They had lawyers. Go home and stop political grandstanding Senator.
Which folks? Please name names.  We need to know the agencies in which employees are defying the Judicial Branch.
I'm from Texas. My representatives remain silent.  Please work to end this.
How can a sitting senior Senator be Denied? What the hell country is this??
This is what's called a "police state."
Come on. you're a Senator.  Raise some hell.
thank you for your humanity
@maggieNYT What 'folks in DC'?
...illegal immigrants have no American rights.....
Thank you, Senator.  Keep pushing, keep fighting!
Thank you for sharing that with us, Senator Casey!  We need more transparency in our democracy.
they have no rights ... non citizens! Temp ban to aid in proper vetting #AmericaFirst
keep at it
You have my support from 19147. #MuslimBan unconstitutional, Trump causing needless chaos. #NeedARealPresident #ThanksAgainGOP
This is disgraceful! Please keep at it!
@keemhallrip You are a Senator. Doesn't that account for something
they have no rights here, they are NOT Americans!
@witfnews Thank You, Senator. I appreciate your leadership in this area.
@billpeduto senator, they're ILLEGAL, they have NO rights. 
Basic fundamentals here. No wonder we are broke. 
Thia has to stop.  You have to stop Trunp.  Please.
Thanks for standing up for human rights!
I am so proud of you!  Thank you, thank you, thank you!  Keep at it.  I live in PA and I support you.
Thank you, Sen.Casey, 4 ur courageous work to support our democracy. Please continue to work diligently for all of us. PA Voter
@AlwaysThinkHow well you need to take the floor in the US Senate and publicly condemn these Fascist actions!
thank you
@billpeduto is this democracy?
Constitutional crisis
thank you Sen. Casey. Pls continue to stand for what's right.
he is a fascist and must be called that and must be removed
they have a choice to make as Americans...
Tell them stand down!
OUTRAGEOUS!
Keep at it Senator Casey, PA cannot be complicit in injustice.
@my_dys How can they deny you? Isn't Congress one of the three branches of power?  We need Congress to fight as hard as we are
Agree, in blue living in a red state. I've called. I've gone to the office. I've used social media. No success.
thank you, senator, for fighting for America.  In a tux, no less!
thank you for doing the right thing
Practicing dictator skills. Will get better with time. Following Erdogan playbook. Impeach before terror attacks start again.
Thank you @SenBobCasey for your leadership on this critical issue!
I wanted to communicate with the detainees and their lawyers to discuss their rights- we were denied from doing that by folks in D.C.
This is how our democracy works?  When folks in DC block you, I'd call that a dictatorship.  #RESIST and impeach now.
stay granted but now Pres. * saying green card holders need more scrutiny? WTH how can he do that with a stay in place?
@FightingMad1 You can take a big step by filing impeachment on Monday. Expel Bannon from government.
@erniesgirl1944 @SenBobCasey @FightingMad1 

YES! DO YOUR FUCKING JOB, CONGRESS!!

@steineye keep fighting Bob!
please start impeachment process
Um, @SenToomey ? You DO know that this is also YOUR job? How about this: watch @SenBobCasey & do everything he does?
we'll remember this in 2018,PA is Trump country now,you won't pull the majority of the state again
Thank you for caring! #humanrights
only you and your colleagues can prevent dumpster fires.
We Americans expect you and ALL members of Congress to fight this executive order with all the power you have.  #NoWallNoBan
Who is we?
that's unacceptable
can u clarify? Who stopped u & why?
Then please do something. Gather the other senators, the reps... anyone with some semblance of decency and reason and stop this
#ImpeachableOffenses
@ASedlander Even after the stay was ordered?
I'm not sure.  I think the stay came after Sen. Casey was there but I don't know.
Thank you Senator Casey. Now please help pull the @TheDemocrats together and figure out how to fight against tyranny!
Impeachment!
thank you for going to PHL!
You are a SENATOR since when does FOLKS in DC or anywhere else stop you from talking to whoever you want to?
YOU are the folks in DC. Get in there and help them!
What "folks"? Specifics please so our outrage can be appropriately targeted.
@saladinahmed Green card holders are routinely challenged at the airport and questioned for a few hours.
Thank you senator!  We stand with you!
@tifftakesoff DEMOCRAT'S, DSA,GREEN, Lets make this country a DEMOCRACY AGAIN. PEOPLES RULE. NOT CORPORATIONS.
@saladinahmed Little late aren't you?
which folks Sen. Casey...Americans are taking names.
.@SenBobCasey @jtamboli Your job is to be a check on exec branch power. Please use your oversight and budgetary powers to respond.
Thank you Senator Casey!!! 
By Nationalists? By White. Nationalists?
Why did you obey an unconstitutional order?
Keep trying!
I am your constituent and I appreciate your efforts.
Which "folks in DC" prevented you from doing that?
thanks for your efforts. What else do you plan to do? #MuslimBan is unlawful!
Thank you so much for representing us Senator.
@ManyaZuba   Which folks in DC?? The "administration "?
thank you!
You're a Senator? How the hell were you denied? Like dear God man.
@obsessivelyMe  Senator Casey please don't give up on this. This horrid act has left many US citizens despairing for the future
NY Fed Judge just blocked the ban nationwide. You make all Americans proud by  standing up for what we aspire to be!Thank you
this is what a dictatorship smells, you #woke yet?
Thank you @SenBobCasey, please keep fighting. I support you.
Thank you Senator for standing for America and the Constitution. Build on this and keep fighting. We support you.
Who exactly are these "folks in D.C."? We'd like to know so they can face some consequence. Thanks for being there tonight.
thank you Senator. And another donation to ACLU. #Resist
good to see you so involved. Gives me hope for the future.
everything Democrat needs rescinded. Just finished 8 years of stupid
@MarthaLynneOwe1 this is not America.  This is unAmerican.  This is horrible.
thank you for standing up to @POTUS #NoBanNoWall
@edwebb thank you for trying.  Keep fighting for what is right!#resisit
THANK YOU!!
How do they preclude a US Senator from doing that?
thank you senator Casey. Get more of your colleagues to #resist
@Zac_Petkanas Yet @realDonaldTrump says it is working "nicely."  More lies. Keep fighting, Senator. Humanity & the US need you.
told u! Go to D.C. Bob! Fight for America! Fight for freedom! Fight for the real idea of America! Donald is not America!
.@SenBobCasey thank you for trying to help. Where is @SenToomey?  The eyes of the nation and the judgment of history are upon you.
with @jasoninthehouse at Koch brothers party, getting $$$ too busy for issues like this!
Bob can you use this stay to get people through?
This is a nationwide stay. And here we have it: President Trump's first legal loss on civil rights. There will be more, from @ACLU & others https://twitter.com/jackievimo/status/825520108646912000 …
thank you for being there today. Your action today has gained loyalty from this Pennsylvanian
no he voted for trump nominees.......is he honest with us?
see
Nationwide injunction - no one can be removed - govt must provide list of names of ppl affected
Your work is appreciated!
thank you! I can't believe this is our country right now.
Thank you Senator. These actions are inhumane. Irrational decision making causing chaos. Please #ImpeachTrump
As a United States Senator you should be allowed access to those detained.
Thank You.
That's because the rule of law has eroded, probably beyond repair. Obama created an imperial presidency which Trump inherited.
is standing up for human rights at PHL tonight. What are you up to, @SenToomey?
Koch Bros Convention... No joke. #coward
Shameful not to let a public servant speak to detainees.  This is about clearly hate and not national security.
did you do,this for all the Iraqi people OBama banned in 2011?
Mobilize and stand up to this nut
thank you Senator Casey. Glad one of PA's senators will stand up for what is right Where's @SenToomey ?
I KNOW THIS 1 in Palm Springs with the Koch brothers AND @jasoninthehouse getting $$$ too busy to bother
Thank you, @SenBobCasey for speaking out and resisting this abhorrent policy.
Thank you sir
Thank you.
you will have to wait
thank you @SenBobCasey for what you're doing. may I ask what your associate @SenToomey is up to right now?
Not enough.  Did u stay and protest?  Get a sign?  Yell?  Don't make excuses.  #Majority #MuslimBanprotest #Indivisible #Resist
Thank you for standing up and speaking out
again THANK YOU
so what will Democrats in Washington going to do about this?
exactly.  All dems except for Gillibrand voted for trump nominees!  R they lying to us?
What about the Stays that were granted in NY?
Federal court, covers everyone, thank goodness...
Well done sir. At least someone in the Senate is fighting for the American dream. Thank you for dropping what you were doing.
this dictatorship in DC must end. This is not a democracy. Thank you for being there and working so hard on behalf of PA.
Which folks in DC are you referring to?
And he is a senator, people.
Never mind that 9:11 Terrorists were Saudis.. No one from banned countries ever done anything in US.
Federal court in NY issued a temporary stay, but I'm sure it will take time to filter to the airports.

thank you for fighting for what is right! #WeAreAllImmigrants #paproud
We need you to set those folks in DC straight. We're counting on you to fight for us. #Resist
Thank you sir, for standing up for America's principles .
Define "folks" - call them out by name.
thank you Bob.
@SenToomey  What are you doing to help?
Yes, Pat, what have you been doing?
Toomey does nothing, as always.
what the what??? A senator was denied???
He is violating our Constitution - impeach him!!!
thank you
thank you for trying, and thank you for caring
Are you in office to protect your citizens or non-citizens??
people being detained has all the proper visas and were properly vetted. This is BS theater
Sir, thank you for your valiant efforts on behalf of the Constitution and the people of this nation.
he voted for trump nominees..which side is he on really?
Thank you for your efforts. I'm happy to support you.
tired of excuses..D.C. Wouldn't let you?  Pathetic.  Defy them then!  Step it up bob
please don't give up the good fight. We are with you.
Thanks for what you do
keep trying. We need our elected officials to keep this madman in check. Thank you!
Tell DC to shove it!!
how can they deny you?
That's what I don't understand.
You are the folks in DC too. Change this!
Thank you,@VictorYocco. @SenBobCasey, exactly this.  Build a coalition and take action to solve this.
We are relying on them to do it from the legislative perspective.
stay was granted in federal court in Brooklyn ny
he voted for trump nominees...which side is he really on?
#proudofpa. Thank you
