This scheme sells out the middle class, seniors and individuals with disabilities to pay for a tax cut for the wealthy.  That's obscene.
Page 41. They revoke the essential health benefits requirement.
This means insurance companies are no longer required to cover things like maternity care and emergency services. This will effect everyone.
Page 86. Decimating Medicaid.
Page 133. They only commit to combating the opioid crisis for a year. As bad as the house version is, at least they committed to 10.
Considering they also cut Medicaid which provides addiction treatment, both versions are woefully inadequate.
Page 29. This one I submit without comment.
This cuts over $4 billion from the Prevention & Public Health Fund. That’s a cruel joke on those who need preventive care & immunizations.
Page 134. Here's your age tax. House version started the age tax in 2018, Senate waits until 2019. I wonder why that could be. 
Page 135. This allows states to let insurance companies charge you more because of a pre-existing condition.
Page 30. This essentially subsidizes the bonuses of Health Insurance Executives.
This means higher costs before your insurance kicks in, also known as higher deductibles.
Repeat after me: "The GOP healthcare plan is going to kill people." We need a unified message, and we need it now.
Prob is THEY KNOW it will kill people.
THEY DO NOT CARE. Christian neighbor said to me "well IM NOT going to pay for people to live."
You might remind them of Matthew 25:35-46
See, they don't actually READ the Bible. They just bash people over the head with it.
And when they do other reading it, it's selective. That's why God hates the same people they do.
#MAGA #Deplorables #trumpsupporter @realDonaldTrump
I pray all day cuz this leaves my 2 boys and i dead with hemophilia #factornotaffordable 8000 a week cant fathom
Boys 2 &10 my world are gutted so unfair
Keep the Affordable Care Act in place as it is for now, avoid pointless genocide.
RT Thread
You're not my senator but I wanted to say I very much appreciate the live tweet analysis. Fascinating, wish more of congress would do this.
Ditto. Thank you.
Tritto! Thank you 
4th. It. (Quadritto?)
Thank you so much for sharing your thorough analysis with us.  You are a hero.
Thank you for sharing this, Senator. We need to know what to resist. This is designed to kill the poor & the sick. Survival of the richest.
thank you for taking the time to read this thoroughly and for sharing your thoughts
You mean the plan to murder Americans to give the 1 % who don't work a tax break on their investment income?
@JohnCornyn How do you not see how dangerous this bill is for #Texans ??? Please actually read it, as Sen Bob Casey has read it!
Thank you
I'm a hard-working nurse who LITERALLY SAVES LIVES, I will orphan my children w this new bill. What do I do??
Please read my go fund me Mr doctor... Before you speak
Fight them, PLEASE!
Well done. Thank you.
Thank You
There is a simple misspelling. It is WEALTHCARE, not healthcare.
This reads like tax code legislation rather than anything concerned w healthcare. It's awful and dangerous. Please fight this!
Thank you, Senator. Please continue to oppose the bill. Inform @SenToomey to do the same. Thank you
Thank you for doing this.  Very helpful for those of us who do not understand all the legislative jargon and legalese.
Why don't ANY of you ever counter the #ACA "failing/death spiral" @GOP argument with it relating to their #sabotage of it?
They are defunding it & that is making ins co nervous so they are raising premiums & copays.
Yes. They are.
Thank you for your advocacy. I'm a healthcare provider feeling pretty powerless right now! How do we stop this?
Contact your Senator(s). Contact all your friends and colleagues and get them to contact your Senators.
Call their local offices. Ask to talk to specific staffers. Attend, protest, and organize at public appearances. Protest at their offices.
To get local office numbers search [senator name] [state abbreviation] in Google map app. Talking points @IndivisibleTeam @ASlavitt
Thanks for your hard work Senator. Nice to know there are still good men like you in congress
So are you voting no
Thank you for this. You are defending not just people in your state, but across America, where @GOP Senators are failing their own voters.
The disaster in the senate is you. You do not represent Pa. You only represent the Dems.
I can't wait to go through yours. Oh wait, we did that already. You #Dems only know how to protest, never a good idea of your own.
The good idea is the ACA.
Where is the #Democrats plan to improve #Obamacare? Where is an alternate to the #GOP bill? Where is the leadership? Vision?
They didn't get a chance to do a plan there in the minority that's why we need help from some republicans if all repubs for yes were doomed
That's simply not true. Anyone can propose a bill. @NancyPelosi or @senchuckschumer cld have pushed an alt, but played politics with us also
Tom what good would it have done haven't you been paying attention repubicans Wil not work with dems as you seen in last 8 years
Might want to add this to your list if accurate.
Page 10 of the GOP/Trumpcare bill - "Qualified healthcare plan" CANNOT include coverage for abortion..they are Hobby Lobbying the whole US!
Tired of critics with no solution ; that's why you guys lost election ;
This new bill is literally the result of a bunch of critics (republicans) with no solution.
Stand firm in your commitment to all Americans.  We cannot let this legislation pass. Protect Medicaid and Medicare. Keep essential services
Please have a discussion with @SenToomey. Vote NO. I know he was one designer of this Wealthcare bill, but maybe talk some sense into him!
Ye gods this thing is a nightmare.
keep it up, also please, just as a matter of due diligence, vote no, Senator
I lose my life w this bill, orphan my kids when I saved lives my entire life..
I will call Rubio and tell him he needs to save your life
Thank you for standing up against this insanity. Please do everything you can to convince your colleagues to do the same.
Thank you
handicapped (65yr old) senior woman... on SSI medicaid & foodstamps here  I'm ok atm...but terrified for others esp kids & nursing home folk
Thank you for the link! In You are being kind with the word "disaster". A healthy county is a working country.  Games stop here. #NoKillBill
THANK YOU Sen. Casey, for going thru the language & sharing what you see. I'm smart, and I can't even make heads or tails of it. So thank U.
Thank you. Please get some Republicans on board with a NO vote.
I as always appreciate your service to the American people -constituent in 19608
Dragging wheelchair bound people down hallway of Senate? DO YOUR DAMN JOB!  STOP THIS! PROTECT THE PEOPLE! GO THERE YOURSELF!
Thank you, Senator.  Thank you so much.
You can forget about Toomey he help write the healthcare Bill
Sen Toomey won't even meet his voters at all he doesn't care I can't believe ppl vote for him
Thank you senator. I call @SenCoryGardner every day. Disgusting republican bill. Somehow they will get theirs. Can't afford it. Just 911!
Fucking get it Bob!!!!!!!  How could anyone vote yes of this garbage?!?!?
ACA is the disaster. Get a clue
Thank you Senator, 4your diligence &intelligent exposure of this appalling threat to BASIC HEALTH CARE for US citizens!
Page-by-page analysis (and rebuke) of Senate's #TrumpNoCare. Reject Trump's massive tax cuts for the wealthy (it's not about healthcare).

So I guess you didn't go through OCare before it was passed since plans cancelled and doctors and now unaffordable deductibles and premiums
Thank you for everything you do Senator!
Thank you @SenBobCasey for giving us this review. Please discuss this with @SenToomey & help convince him to vote #NoAHCA -Your friend in PA
Thank you for letting me know that Pennsylvania must have some awesome people in it because they elected you 
.@SenToomey 
Time to do what is right.
Thank you, Senator. I wonder who your colleagues across the aisle are working for, as they don't even pretend it's their constituents.
how was Obamacare  any better when your  forced to buy it or pay penalties, and why didn't  you read Obamacare before U pass it
Rand Paul & Mitch McConnell represent the state that has the highest rate of cancer diagnoses. #KillingThemSoftlyWithTheirBullshit
Thank you so much Senator Casey. This is really valuable.
Thank you Senator Casey! I appreciate you!
The words, "health plan",  seem wildly inappropriate , don't they? #
Thank you for representing the majority of Americans. #HellerVoteNo
Thank you Senator Casey. Pay attention @CoryGardner this is how you fight for your constituents well-being #TrumpcareKills
I let your governor know he has no chance of fighting the opioid epidemic if this passes. hope he'll pressure Toomey.
Thanks for the information!
Curious, @SenBobCasey, how is @SenateGOP's current health plan being covered in local news outlets in hometowns, e.g. @wlky for McConnell.
It's imploding mostly in states that rigged their markets to fail. States like Cali have healthy, competitive markets.
Re-reading the Affordable Care Act?
No, the ACA is no where as cruel as the AHCA. This bill simply should be called the #trumpdeathtothevulnerablecare
I appreciate your hard work.  please keep up the fight.  millions are depending on you.
Will you promise to use the same insurance we have to Senator? Or are you all talk?
wonder will the GOP adopt their own version for themselves 
I've been writing Sen Toomey but he gives same stock reply. Tell him to give us his healthcare plan, and he can have this one.
I am going through it as well and cross referencing with the Internal Revenue Codes as well as the Initial Bill, this makes me sick!!!
Does it cover assisted suicide?? If you're a registered Democrat, regular worker bee?
You make me proud to be a Pennsylvanian. Hide the bill Toomey... Not so much. Thank you!
Do you know where @PatToomey stands on this?
Thank you for your hard work Senator. Sending you snaps from WA state.
Thread -->
Senate bill will require Americans 2 wait 6 mos b4 getting insured if they miss a payment. MT @ASlavitt
NEWS from me & @dylanlscott: Senate GOP expected to add penalties for the uninsured into bill as early as Monday. 
https://www.vox.com/2017/6/24/15867614/senate-health-waiting-period …
Keep up the good fight!  We are proud of you (unlike another unnamed PA Senator).
Great work here and you did an excellent job at the Boston College graduation.
Please do whatever you can to make sure this regressive, awful piece of legislation does not get passed. It is despicable.
Thank you!!
From The EU. I want to know how did you folks allow your once great nation to devolve into a 3rd world country and what can your party do?
Thank you, Senator, for sharing this. It should be distributed widely. It's not a partisan issue. #NoAHCA #Wealthcare #SaveACA and fix it.
Thank you for your blow-by-blow of this atrocity. I appreciate your time & your ferocity in fighting for the lives & health of  ians
Thank you for sharing! This bill is a travesty!!!
Please DON'T vote for this Health Care Plan Senator Casey!!
Can you explain what will happen to ppl with preexisting conditions? With or without lapse in coverage? Employer provided insurance?
Take a look at the analysis from @TopherSpiro tonight! Any Senator who votes for #TrumpCare should have his/her humanity card revoked!
They seem to think "better" care is no care at all. Cruel and evil.
@joyannchanik @ShutUpJennifer read this thread
This is the result of representative democracy not working. 
The rich will take it all and the politicians enable them.
Thank you for breaking the senate health bill down  for all to read in super terms!
.@SenToomey you should try reading the same bill that your colleague @SenBobCasey read. His comments make your response look foolish.
Thank you for all the info.
Any senator that shouts about being "pro-life" AND supports this should be swatted with a rolled up version of this travesty.
Thank you so much for the amazing and informal thread.
Thank you for this, Senator. @PatToomey please take note: your approval on this bill would KILL your constituents.
Thank you!
You did that almost 8 years ago and it's still screwing the American people
Kudos to @SenBobCasey for going through the "healthcare" bill page by page. This bill is an abomination.
BOTH of my ridiculous Senators are members of the Elusive 13 who authored this garbage.
I'm so embarrassed.
#Texas is better than this!!!
Since we know GOP has no compassion, why aren't we talking ECONOMICS of #ADCA? Healthcare=jobs; uninsured ER care    = taxpayer expense
Do you mean the #AmericanDeathCareAct ?
AKA #WealthCareBill
SHAME on the Congressional men and women who support this destructive and un-American political coup of BASIC healthcare
No essential health benefits also means we return to the era of junk insurance that people only realize is junk when it's too late.
It's the #LetAmericansDieAct.
@JohnCornyn The honorable Sen. Casey makes some pretty damning observations about your health care (actually wealth care) bill.
The new "health care" plan would be a death sentence to sick children - by reinstating lifetime limits.
Thank you so much for this!!
S. O. S.   We're sinking.
The #HealthcareBill seems a giant giveaway to insurance companies and wealthy individuals.
Given it will pass, and the backlash will bring Single Payer National Healthcare ... this is the "Insurance Company Obliteration Bill"
At least ur reading it.  Dems would not allow.  "Have to pass the bill to read what's in the bill!" Remember?  DEM HYPOCRITE!  Fake News!
Well you can choose denial over credibile facts, but that's exactly how it went down.  Dems rammed it through w/o Repub.votes.That's a fact.
LOL, it's not denial.  There were many open hearings and GOP was able to add to the ACA as well.  GOP released this wk, want to pass next wk
Well at least they're addressing insurance protocols.AHCA/Obama Care was a stealthy vehicle for income & wealth redistribution in America
It gave millions of additional people insurance for the first time.  The redistribution of the AHCA is to benefit ppl above our pay grade.
Taking from one group to give to another is " Textbook" definition of income redistribution. No one is entitled to what you have earned.
Thank y
Maybe that's what they want you to do. They want everyone focused on their bad acts and not on doing actual work or what you have to offer.
I am from Scranton and Pa and you have deserted the middle class when you supported OCare!! Can't afford my insurance any longer! Horrible!
That's why DEMS must take control in 2018, & block the Republican Party from American politics! Must be punished for this death trap!
Meanwhile we're suffering the nightmare of the current healthcare plan while you snark.
@joshuaacarullo
Tx 4 ur efforts. Pls stop this madness!
#TrumpcareDoesNotCare
Thank you for providing us this information
Just Vote No on #AHCA !!!! Thank You so much for saving my life, if you Vote No. Only if you Vote No!
Saving it for tomorrow. Been reading some disturbing and difficult stuff, since 1AM
Please tell me how/why it's legal for our elected reps to go on camera and LIE about this POS bill? Thank you for being honest!
Thank you Bob. Kill it dead before it kills thousands from Philly to Erie. Put @PatToomey in the trunk of a car on vote day if you have to.
@middle_sista I'm glad Bob had time today. Can't say the same for my local and state reps.
Thank you so much for doing this Senator!
One GOP senator was on CNN saying it lowers premiums. Middle class won't be paying $20,000 anymore...  He must be reading ACA
Republicans, doing gods work: 

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MqkT4B-9MGk …

#MAGA #TheResistance #HealthCareBill #GOP #TCOT
Thank you for caring and sharing, unlike those with "R" next to their name. Please find a way to defeat this and future iterations of it.
It's sad that the rich are greedy and don't want people to live a happy life with medical care. How much money is enough. Simply greed!
Thank you Senator Casey.
Money
Tax cut for the wealthy, not a health plan in ANY way.
trumpcare
More Like AntiRobinHoodCare XD
Reach out to GOP'ers who are not supporting. Craft some options to improve ACA and hold joint conference. Take positive action please.
This is a great string!
Thank you Senator Casey for untangling the legalese for us. Hope everyone calls their Senator and asks them to vote NO! #NoAHCA #SaveACA
Guess dems are the only ones whocan fix healthcare ..since they r the ones who screwed it up..no wonder u keep losing elections
Tell your counterpart @SenToomey to VOTE NO on #BRCA #AHCAKills #Wealthcare
Tom L dems are in minority they can't do a plan now we need some repubs to vote no or were doomed
What do you call the current disaster? Oh that's right, you made it so you don't have to participate in Obamacare?  #Clownshow
Thank you Senator Casey! If only all senator had your honesty!
Pain patients are counting on you too. The DEA is way out of line. There are easy ways to weed out the bad without punishing the good. 2/2
Thank you Senator for shedding light on this horrible piece of legislation. #StopTrumpcare
Bad for America and Americans!
Not only is this ACHA v3.0 really bad. Who wrote this garbage? It's barely readable. Youd need knowledge of previous bills to understand it.
@neeratanden stay strong bob.
GL with that. #WealthCare is not Healthcare
Thank you for doing this @SenBobCasey! We @TheDemocrats need to start being proactive & help people understand what the @SenateGOP is doing!
Thank you Senator Casey for these brief outlines. Let's see how Trump supporters react along with the Senate. 2018 is coming! Please vote !
I'm very glad the we have at least one good Senator. Toomey will be 1st in line to sign this obscenity.
Thank you @SenBobCasey  for laying this out so clearly. This bill has nothing to do with improving access to health care at all.
Not "Health Care", "Wealth Care", the beginning of @SpeakerRyan's wet dream of purging the poor, sick, elderly, & non-whites #Resist
I lived the disaster of "your" current health care plan.
That is what happens when you work in the dark!
Call it what it really is, Senator: WEALTHCARE.
The disaster started from when @BarackObama pushed a RW Corp handout (ACA) thru despite a filibuster-proof Democrat Senate. #SinglePayer
Thank U Senator Casey for putting the plan out for public viewing/comments.
So far-not a best seller.
Thank you for this senator.
You are a patriot, sir.
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you save my fellow nurses and our patients thousands of hospitals like mine will close with this bill
NO GOP has ever been able to explain to USA why our tax dollars should go to the rich, the corporate, and NOT to ourselves for our needs.
casey your on your way out,the ACA is already better cause U aren't  forced to buy it!
Thank you, Senator, for your detailed and helpful analysis!
How did we survive before Obamacare ?!?!
Obamacare is shit law!
Thank you for this, sir.
Best thread on #Trumpcare I have seen. Thank you @SenBobCasey
Would love the GOP side try and do the same.
@JohnFugelsang When you're done Dems need to get down in the mud to get the truth out. The go low we go lower or we lose.so it!
Please consider using the hold allowed in Senate procedures to stop this bill from coming to the floor.
Thank you for this true public service, Senator.
Thank you Senator for explaining it in real language to us. I knew it was bad but I'm astonished at how cruel it really is. Heartless.
Does anyone realize that a lot of these are amendments to the Internal Revenue Code of 1986? This is not a health care bill!!!!
Thank you and keep up the fight @SenBobCasey  Pennsylvania appreciates you
Thank you for sharing this, Senator.
Thank you - good thread
@SenBillNelson and @marcorubio As a Florida voter what are your thoughts here and I encourage you both to vote NO on this bill!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
As I just seen on the news pat Toomey is all for this bill
Tell us how the tax cuts are also retroactive and the wealthy will get that money back.
Great job, senator! Keep up the good work, we support you!
