This infuriates me. My son Matty, diagnosed w/#Trisomy8Mosaicism matters. He receives #Medicaid.
If this years budget is 6 billion and next years budget is 7 billion but was proposed to be 8 billion that is not a cut ppl. Slowing growth.
You're right, death is a more permanent solution.
The Medicaid expansion almost exclusively serves people who ARE working. Until or unless jobs with benefits are guaranteed it’s needed.
So as long as we have low income people, then we need to continue this program at a sustainable level. Logic. It's useful.
Not interested in arguing with someone who maligns the working poor like that. Ick.
Block/mute.  Very angry and sad person, i pity them for being so hateful.
The problem is medicaid is abused & instead of u demanding oversight, those that need it might lose it this is as much ur fault Mr. Casey
You know the answer
Pre-existing conditions and life time caps will be taken away too, just as important. This bill is grotesque.
You mean liberals like Buffett, Bill Gates, Zuckerburg, and the Clintons?
The GOP HC bills are financial $ transfers from the poor to the already wealthy in a country where income inequality is a grotesque problem
How can you transfer money from the poor who have no money
Thank you and @GovernorTomWolf for opposing GOP destruction of health care.
Sorry Mom on Medicaid your on your own. You saved your whole life, then you have to pay out of pocket until your destitute. Now homeless
sooo...(sarcasm) if we kill 400 people, millions get to live?
there was or is a bill in PA to simply increase the sales tax an additional 4 percent which would give ALL pa residents FREE healthcare
Hey 400 highest income households, are you this greedy? Do you need more? To those much is given, much is expected
Most of them get their money off the backs of working people anyway. They are scum, they want it all.
Bcs they want to kill Americans.
Thanks for continuing to make this nonsense (sadly) understandable.
This frightens me!
It is cruel &a evil to give tax cut to 400 households who have more than enough at the expense of denying coverage to elderly & kids
Huh, I wonder what @realDonaldTrump share is?
You are stating lies!!!!!!!!!! Why keep lying to people, how many of us do you think your fooling?
We need medical care not medical insurance.  Single payer gives us care.  Health is not a for profit center.  It is what makes us strong
Hey Bob, how many HEALTH, WORKING, ppl are dipping into the medicaid pool thanks to the crappy ACA?  How about using medicaid for ILL, needy
Total bullshit
@SenateMajLdr had disabled people #DraggedFromTheirWheelChairs during a peaceful protests outside  his office
But the majority of those 400, are democrat supporters. So what's really going on?
Medicaid cannot continue as it does! America cannot afford it, alternatives must exist,find them. We will go bankrupt if it cont's to grow.
define "cut"
1. Keeping more of MY money is not a bad thing no matter where i'm at on the ladder. 2. Where is your plan that is better. #Obstruction
Twisting the truth again, Bob! To what gain?There is NO CUT! Just no automatic increase in 2024! Stop fear-mongering and lies! YOU serve us!
You don't pay for tax cuts! That's an oxymoron, dumbshit!
@SenateDems no cuts just no.increase - don't BS your not good at it !
What is the Democrat fropah?  Why is Rep so in control.  Older folks say it is like this till people are tired and them Dems will fix it all
If u believe in what ur fighting for, you would defend it. Toomey hiding from this speaks volumes. Literally letting kids die 4 $ 4 the rich
As ur constituent, I want to thank you. I've spkn to ur office abt my concerns for our children. Toomey won't even take calls. What a coward
Daily reminder: Medicaid is not being cut, Bob Casey is Chicken Little & Dems will say/do anything to save Obama's legacy legislation.
Why did Obamacare expand Medicaid? To redistribute wealth... from working tax payers.
Turns out that is broken and needs bailout!
DC citizens under ongoing JimCrow tyranny are denied #DCstatehood so don't have US #VotingRights, so no USSenators for DC. Cosponsor #S1278
DEM's are the only people that would see a increase as a cut. This is interest that my children will not have to pay to China.
Your a liar.... try telling the truth for once and quit making slaves
this is Fake News they aren't cutting Medicaid it stays the same as before Obamacare.
No cuts get your facts straight!
That is not true n a very broad statement. Medicaid is not sustainable at the rate it's going n must given 2 ppl who need it, not 2 abusers
When do democrats being talking about Medicare for all... single-payer?  I'm with you on this, but the healthcare debate is tiring.
Your math is broken. Slower growth is still growth. Also, people will be able to choose the insurance they want. Fewer people will need aid.
Yes and it is a sad statement about the GOP.
Why? He is so narcissist he'll throw his wife under the bus for a buck. You guys gotta realize the POTUS doesn't care about U unless UR rich
@SenToomey WELL WELL, LOOKIE HERE SENATOR TOOGREEDY
Rich people create jobs not senators or poor people
Militarize healthcare and the military industrial complex will insure GOP provides health care for all...Big Mil Inc is GOP sugar daddy
another disgrunted  dem,  mommy the repub. are taking our ball and leaving
lets repeat lies over and over to make them true
Resist/obstructions Dems led by Casey/Schumer/Warren fail their constituents. Casey voted out next year
#vets need this!  #VA cannot handle all the #veterans
Misleading as usual.
Thank you for fighting. Please trip Toomey the next time you get a chance in the Senate.
@SenToomey what is your response to this?
Keep fighting, Senator. It's good to know I have one honorable representative in Washington

If I lose Medicaid, I die, plain and simple. The AHCA is an assault on my life. 
Thank u sen for holding a town hall instead of on tv. @SenToomey
Unconscionable! I hope @SenToomey votes "NO" with you.
@realDonaldTrump, @SpeakerRyan & @SenateMajLdr will be responsible for more American suffering and deaths than any terror group.

There are NO Medicaid cuts in GOP reforms. For decades, the press has done a rotten job dealing w budget stories. Here are the numbers:
you must not have read the bill. i did and this is not true.
Thank you for putting the facts out there and standing up for people in PA.
They're cutting medicaid because they don't actually care about babies like they claim to. 

Preemies like my daughter will be doomed.
@TuesdaysToomey I will be outside your Philly office raising awareness about fighting this thing. Not giving up!
