However, if @POTUS continues to go along with the extreme agenda of Congressional Republicans then I will keep holding him accountable.
Trump picked pocket for union voters women liked speech independents favorably rating don't engage get nothing more loss
Thank you for being the only one of our representation that needs him to EARN your cooperation.
HAHAHA! Thanks for the laugh Sen Casey.
Actually I think you have that reversed, cut the BS and get to work like we elected you to do...
Don't hold your breath. @POTUS
we do not need policies or job bills, we need action by the way of jobs!
Please don't trust his promises. Remember all the contractors he later refused to pay and all the workers he's stiffed.
hey Bob what about all workers
You're willing to work with this racist, fascist, dangerous fool? "Sad".
PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS DONE SO MUCH IN DRAINING THE SWAMP AND MAKING MAGA.  IF YOU CAN'T SEE THAT, MAYBE YOU ARE IN THE SWAMP.
#WomensHistoryMonth 
# IF
. @SenBobCasey @realDonaldTrump deplorable actions speak much louder than his #alternativefacts #dontbelievethehype #resist
Please don't let him slide. Russia!! That has to be dealt with. Tax returns! He lies. He can't be trusted. He's phony.
He is a liar and will not "work" with anyone.
I suggest working with him Sen.Casey. I'm one of your constituents. I'm sorry ObamaCare lost (for your sake) but..
good luck with your optimism Senator. He's already promised to write off PHL for being a Sanctuary city.
and I agree whole heartedly don't follow the law no money. My area of the state is tired of paying for philly.
thats what hes trying to do all over the country bonehead
Agree there are issues we can work together on like infrastructure jobs, Unraveling civil rights not OK
you take your orders from Schumer and you will NOT work with him that's why you will lose reelection. You disappoint us.
walk softly senator but don't be fooled. He's a very Adept liar
Our government can't go on like it has. It's time to come together, work together, for all of the nation
that's what I've waited to hear you say Senator. Unite our great state and work with him for us
big if. YUGE if.
please resist normalizing this GOON
are we going to fall for this act? work with Bannon & white nationalists who spread hate & fear?
thank you!
Hahaha look to me the Dems are the one sitting down on the job!
So you must be fighting for teachers and government workers because you've done nothing for the rest of us except talk
don't worry. He isn't.
Even if he is a traitor?
Please let me be clear. The voters have REJECTED the idea that the federal government can force a contract.
..We can't let something which forces contracts remain the law. Bells can't be unrung but that idea REJECTED by voters.
If there is too much bickering over the replacement package, then let it drop. We can't let something which..
..but I did not favor ObamaCare's passage and favor its repeal. To me, replace is optional but repeal is MANDATORY..
Only way for you to keep office in 2018
state government offices with foreigners. You and your cronies did. Stop blaming Trump! Give back the jobs!
Okay. We hear you talking the talk. Can you walk the walk? By the way, Trump didn't replace American workers in the
The most intelligent thing you've said in weeks Don't toy with us.
no no no
do not work with him.
jobs, a healthy economy, national safety, women's entrepreneurship, and family care leave are not important to you!
I am from Pa & what exactly have u done besides work against Republicans in congress? #IdiotDems
We pay you to find common ground. Trump did more in 40 days for Pa jobs than you've done in the last 6! @POTUS
How is all this going to be payed for including the unnecessary wall?
You have done nothing for the middle class.  You won't make it 2008 unless u get a clue.
You are very high, aren't you? Does he have Bannon and Putin's permission to help PA's workers? Nope.
don't hold your breath and good luck with that
thank you!!! $
Heard nothing. Health ins co become nationalized or say OK we'll cut profits, what about guns in the hands of unstables?
You want do a dame thing
FINALLY SEN CASEY, IT'S ABOUT TIME
While I appreciate optimism - nothing he's said - or more importantly, done- warrant working with him. #resist @SenBobCasey
45 can't be trusted & GOP does not care. We're screwed until 2018. But, good luck.
no ur NOT well vote u out
you know that's not gonna happen.  Demand an investigation.  Resist!
but repeal of ACA would uninsure 956,000 Pa residents you can't work with that #ProtectOurCare #Jointsession
You guys failed for  8yrs with a dem president.This  president wants to create jobs  for everyone .
You have had 10 years to do so.  Stop being invisible, silent and irrelevant and start doing your job.
at the expense of the environment?
Don't hold your breath...
wont forget Casey's support of hurtful trade agreements, including #TPP
he's making sure ALL Americans get a fair shot!!
What part of that made you think he had anyone's best interest in mind other than his own?
Words mean nothing. Ignore what he says, watch what he does.
But he was so fake.
"Head-Fake"
wise sir very wise
