your no vote is irrelevant! Gorsuch will be seated next in the #SCOTUS ! Also your seat will be filled by a republican in 2018
yeaaaaahhhh...ok...after Trump destroys the country, ruins the economy, and launches missiles as North Korea?
our economy was already fragile how long can Middle class workers survive on a income from Walmart!
Well if the GOP would raise minimum wage, maybe some could survive off of income from walmart! Think man!
Minimum wage is not intended to be Middle class survival but a student or senior stop gap wage
Not anymore. Blue collar jobs aren't there anymore, and even trump can't bring them back.
to have decent paying manufacturing jobs for the people in the middle will allow the rest to prosper
From what I read in your statement, U object to his strict obedience to the law. I know U Dems have a problem with law.
No, read it again. Do you like corporations having a lot of influence in our democracy? Dem respect the law.
Dems have no respect for the law. Crooked Hillary, Palosi, 9th Circus Court. Just a few examples.
That makes no sense. What does the 9th circuit court have to do with it? And as for Hillary, you believed lies
U need to learn more about the corruption that Crooked Hillary had as baggage.
thanks Bob. We need you!
I have just read your analysis of Gorsuch, and I agree with you 100%. And, now I'm really scared as well.
Thank you Senator Casey. Real leadership.
Not surprised out of how many cases #JudgeGorsuch has heard you zone in on 2 ? He is highly respected! #shameonyou #politics
He is respected by $$$ and big corps. Ask yourself why.
Thank you. Since the @GOP stole @BarackObama nomination we should force Mitch to use 50 vote process.
Must be close to election. The 4 year cicada Casey just crawled out of the ground again. Penn voters had enough of this loser
You don't speak for the thinking populace in PA, just those in Pennsyltucky.
Same state that voted for Trump right.  Clean up your act sluggo.
Good Keep fighting 
Most of us including  @alfranken weren't buying the gee whiz folksy crap Gorsuch was selling.
I'm not buying the garbage Dems spew. Frankenstein a total joke!
He took Gorshit to task. He made him squirm. There isn't one GOP who can match wits
@PAKPAC @riffat_chughtai @SuitcaseMemoirs
Uncle Chuck said jump and Little Bobby blindly said "How High?"
least he unlike liberal justices will only use constitution frm this country for decisions.Unlike libs who used other countries
Ya. That makes no sense.
your such a partisan hypocrite when will both side act like Americans use common sense. You embarrass me move to California
You must be really embarrassed by him because you can't write and that doesn't embarrass you.
You have shown your true colors. I will not be able to support your re-election. You don't represent PA
I've read your assessment with an open mind and found no flaws in your assessment.  You truly represent PA well, sir.

Thank you, Senator, for protecting people, not monied interests. Gorsuch is no good & esp. so during an FBI investigation.

with all due respect Senator, you are the problem. Not him
Step down a$$hole.
How ever you vote I will support your decision. You have always had America's best interests in mind.Thank you for your service
Thank you for being there for us
thank you for diligence
Finally! Thank you, Senator!
Please vote NO to judge Gorsuch
I urge you to vote for Judge Neil Gorsuch. However, I hope the Demoncrats filibuster his nomination.
I keep saying it - Thank you Sen Casey!
Thank you Senator Casey 2018 will be yours
@ImpactDemocracy Well said. I appreciate your thought and serious consideration. Well done.This is what Democracy looks like.
time to follow Obama's lead and go nuclear.
well written. Thanks.
I agree with your decision too vote no based on his decisions. But this appointment should be shut down during FBI inv.
you are a politician and you are wrong. If you dont like his decisions then change the laws he uses as a basis. Casey out 2018
Thanks for this clear explanation of your no vote on Gorsuch
Well documented response Senator, thanks for your dedication in looking out for your constituents.
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you, Senator for continuing to have our backs. We will have yours too.
thank you!
You are just being political. No good reason to vote No.  But I have a good reason to vote No in 2018 for you.
Unsurprising that you would block a judge who actually believes in the Constitution. You violate your oath of office.
Yeah, about that. I'm sure you felt the same when GOP blocked President Obama's constitutional responsiblty/duty?
Such a liar.
RESIST this corrupt, illegitimate Admin.!
Thank you, Senator Casey!
I sincerely thank you Senator Casey!
I will not vote for your re-election.
thank you! I appreciate how you communicate your decisions to constituents/cite research you've done etc. No Gorsuch! 16001
Yes, Senator. Thank you
Thx for standing up for Pennsylvanians!! We'll remember in 2018, got you back
senators sprint to the left b/4 2018
No deals.  No vote until after the investigation.  Traitor POTUS should NOT get to appoint SCOTUS justice!
scary when your review of Kagan did not consider her rebuked rulings on US Court of Appeals DC Curcuit
thank you Senator Casey!
consider this:. If Gorsuch is not approved, do you expect the next nominee to be more to your liking?
Right conclusion, wrong approach. #Trump under FBI INVESTIGATION. Nothing should be considered until that's over. #Trumprussia
Thank you, Senator, for sharing the thoughtful rationale behind your vote. I'm grateful you represent me #18902 #RealPA
thank you for opposing gorsuch.
Thank you Senator.
I was pleased to read your considered opinion on why Gorsuch would not be a good choice for PA or the USA. Thank you! I agree.
Very nice to you voting no. Might want to vary your writing a bit, use the phrase "ordinary Americans/people/workers" less
Thanks so much for your well considered stand.
/Gorsuch/ Thank you. Please filibuster, not just oppose. No lifetime appts until Trump/Russia is investigated thoroughly.
say goodbye to the senate Bob... You had a terrible run that will be over in 2018 haha
but we're his decision an ruling following constitution an rule of law. Justice must be blind. If disagree with either change
.@SenBobCasey While Trump administration is under investigation all his nominations/appts shld be put on hold! @ImpactDemocracy #TrumpRussia
Thanks for fighting for us. I am proud to be your constituent! On the other hand, embarrassing Pat Toomey represents the worst.
Quite frankly, unless Gorsuch is Merrick Garland playing dress up, I think it would be utterly inappropriate for u to vote yes
If @TheDemocrats continue to be pushed around by Republican strong arm tactics, u will surely lose your base and then ur seats
@ImpactDemocracy Gorsuch is not appropriate. Vote NO.
Why? @SenBobCasey @ImpactDemocracy
Thank you Sen. Casey!
Thank you.
Thank you! The whole process should be put on hold until the entire Kremlin Kabal is gone
this Pennsylvanian thanks you! #RESISTANCE #GarlandNotGorsuch
Thank you for such a thorough report and explanation of your views. And thank you for looking out for PA, and the "NO" vote.
Thank you for your thoughtful consideration of the matter. More of your colleagues on both sides need to do the same.
But will you commit to participating in the filibuster? That is the real question.
no surprise here
why not get behind Judge Gorsuch for the Supreme Court -he is most qualified!!!
Thank you Senator Casey! Very proud to be your constituent!
thank you on no vote.
#NeilGorsuch consistently finds the thinnest legal thread to rule in favor of the powerful.
Disgrace!  Term limits!!!
You're making it too hard.  Every Democrat should vote No, in defense of the Constitution.  The nomination belonged to Obama.
Thank you Senator.
thank you, Senator.
Making us proud again! Thank you, Senator Casey!
I'm not proud of this. @SenBobCasey
Registered in Chester Co. how to get rid of all those grrmndred R's in House & Toomey??? You're doing a good job, Senator!
U will be the first to cry an wail when the nuke option is used! To go to the mattress over this pick is stupid.
Vote NO on Gorsuch.
thank you for not supporting this Republican steal of a SCOTUS seat
thank you for your thoughtful consideration of this nomination. It's too bad Garland wasn't given the same by your colleagues
Your a bum, out in 2 years
Thanks for doing the job for which you were elected.
Your 'no vote' shows you want another legislator,not an impartial judge.With your worldview only.
Thank-you for your vote and elucidating your rationale so clearly. (Also: this is a stolen seat).
Thank you!! You are a hero 
thank you Sen Casey.
Following the law & not legislating from the bench is a judge's duty. Gorsuch is an exemplary nominee! Vote to confirm!
Appreciate the job you're doing!! We're watching!
Your constituents appreciate your fairness and professionalism.  This is why you will always have my vote.
Thank you for your hard work Senator. I believe with you that Gorsuch is not the right person for this lifetime appointment.
Bravo, and thank you for being the voice of reason.

yes! Thank you for representing your base. We will reject any senator that does not!
Thank you senator!
Thank you for standing up for PA voters, & showing up. Looking forward to our next Tuesday w Toomey!
THANK you
It's not a judge's job to be a politician. Something your words here seem to miss.
Thank you, Senator! No deals for Gorsuch!
YES. thank you for this.
Thank you! And thank you for meeting your constituents. (Yes, looking at you @SenToomey.)
gorsuch is a decent choice. Please vote for him.
thank you for not supporting #gorsuch and please vote against repel of #aca
Thank you, senator! (Although I think voting on this before the Russia investigation is complete would be premature.)
Thank you.
Thank you!
PA voter here, thank you!
Thank you!
thank god something is going right for our party he will be confirmed to the Supreme Court
ty for your hard work
and Thank you
Thank you for this thoughtful examination and explanation of your position on #NeilGorsuch. This registered voter approves.
Nice
