In case it wasn't obvious, this whole discussion of 'unmasking' is a classic @realDonaldTrump distraction from the FBI investigation.
Reminder: The FBI is investigating possible collusion between the sitting President, his campaign, his associates and a foreign power.
Let that sink in if you haven't already- that's a gravely serious matter for our nation.
.@realDonaldTrump should want to get to the bottom of Russia's meddling no matter what. Instead, it's dodge, distract, and deny.
Blame a 400lb guy in his basement, blame @POTUS44, blame @HillaryClinton, blame the media, blame @AmbassadorRice.
Distract from what? @RepAdamSchiff can explain it better than I can:
More questions about #Trumprussia, more distractions from @realDonaldTrump.
To the point where @realDonaldTrump tweets a blatant fabrication about being 'wiretapped' by @POTUS44.
With the wiretap claim debunked by... EVERY credible stakeholder, team Trump moves on to the next one.
Enter the ‘unmasking’ issue. If a NatSec Advisor saw something concerning in intel & didn't ask questions, they wouldn't be doing their job.
To be clear – it is one thing for a sitting NSA to ask that individuals in intel reports be “unmasked” – that’s very different than leaking.
So the key issue here is the growing body of reporting on the #Trumprussia connections.
.@realDonaldTrump will continue his attempts to distract us from getting to the bottom of this, but we can't let that happen.
Why? Since January 1st, over 80,000 Pennsylvanians have written me with concerns about Russia. They want answers, I do too.
Are you trying to cover up for Susan rice an an obvious ploy by democrats to spy on Republican Party? Watergate 2!
You have no idea what you're talking about.
With regard to what?
This entire affair, it seems.
Still, what is your point or do you not have any valid perspective and just rhetoric?
What are your thoughts about Susan Rice and her illegal activity, Senator Casey? Talk about distraction-you and your party are experts!

Enter the ‘unmasking’ issue. If a NatSec Advisor saw something concerning in intel & didn't ask questions, they wouldn't be doing their job.
This high level doesn't "find" anything. She/they ordered "unmask" as witch hunt. And, shocker, still NO evidence. Dem distraction tactic.
The Admin was putting restrictions on Russia for hacking and suddenly there is a flurry of Russian/American activity. But you wouldn't look?
Even if that were true it has nothing to do with unmasking. Put shoe on the other foot for a sec & ask honestly if politics wasn't driver.
It has everything to do with unmasking. How would you know who USP1 is without the unmasking? Unmasking is not leaking the information
Hello? WE know about it. That's called a leak. Do you know the names of every single person associated with every single FBI probe? Yeah, no
Please, don't bother.
Liar, 1) you're'thinking' is scary, 2) the dems concocted the Russia deal last year to cover their tracks b/c they were spying on Trump then
The fbi hates democrats. its just a cover up.
Bobby you never had an original thought in your life!! Get a grip can't wait till 2018
Thank you, Senator Casey, for sharing your thoughts on this fiasco.  #impeachtrump
The fbi allowed the russians to interfere because they have been waging a war of lies against clinton for 30 years. Thats a bigger problem
No, Comey wears a white hat. Check out @LouiseMensch #carolinaconspiracy as it helps explain
commie hs been waging a war of lies against democrats for 30 years. Its th dty of all good americans to hurt nzi traitor pedophiles like him
Wow, that's a first, who gave them to you??
Thanks, Sen. Casey! You're much appreciated. We need the facts.

The sick GOP is more upset that Susan Rice wanted to know who was talking to the Russians than the fact that Trump was doing the talking
Enough with the thoughts - do something
Thank you.
Thank you for taking this stand. I definitely want answers.
I doubt you have any thoughts but to keep obstruction plolitics znd this country gets hurt. Next election vote out democrats
Let's have some action. Do your job.
Many thanks to you, sir. We need more people seeing through the dodging & distraction. POTUS needs to realize this isn't reality TV.
Just go back to lining your pockets from pharma lobbyists.  No cares what you think.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you, Senator Casey.
Thank you Senator Casey ! It's nice to see at least one of our state Senators has sense
thank you.  I fear so much. Trump has to be removed.
We expect Trump's attempts to dodge and distract, but complicit actions of @GOP is shocking. We need an independent bipartisan commission.
This administration has been a novella/soap opera every day & that's a scary thing bcuz real problems are going unsolved & threats unchecked
this thread is exactly why I will volunteer for your reelection campaign.
Thank you for fighting for us, Senator. I'll be fighting for you in 2018.
Thank you @SenBobCasey I appreciate your time and efforts. Keep fighting the good fight. #truthmatters in #Trumprussia
Thank you so much.  I am so glad to have you as my Senator standing up for us.
Oh, and Bob, you probably should look around for other career opportunities.
Giving them, not only nukes, but billions of dollars to spread terrorism throughout the world. You people better wake up before it's to late
With Russia to help his support of a terrorist country, namely, Iran. Who, with Obama, Clinton, and Kerry, committed worldwide suicide by
Who had more dealings with Russia, who received money from Russia, and who, with the help of America destroyer, Obama, made special deals
McConnel was Trumps first line of defense in Oct. There are several more that have not only made strange statements but have lied for Trump
There is no way Russia would have wanted Trump president, and if you look at the facts, not the Democratic party BS, you can clearly tell
@funder Thank you Senator Casey we all want answers. He is cracking up and everyday he looks worse. He is hurting our country.
Great thread now let me add a bit to it if you don't mind . We have GOP involved and running  diversion .I know !!  but it's true 1/
Well considering some new news just a moment ago I'll share the other names of GOP suspects Nunes ,Paul ,Cotton , Chaffetz Cruz Hatch
2/2 Why were DT's staff talking 2 Russians? What did they talk abt? Intel listened to the Rs & needed 2 know who was speaking to them.
Well done Senator!
1Russians who were under surveillance had phone convos w/ppl working 4 DT. Makes sense Intel might need 2 know who the Rus were talking to.
Thank you! I am sick of his lies and smoke screens. Someone should sue him for libel.
Thank you so very much for representing PAians in the right manner. #goodguy
Thank you @SenBobCasey we need the truth to come out. We know there's a cover up attempt by ppl caught in incidental col. Wht r they hiding
Until I needed to start policing Trump...I had no idea what a wonderful Senator we have in Pennsylvania. Thank you!
(Too bad about Toomey)
Yes I must agree and we are grateful for the calm, insight, and intelligence that has become rare in this circus.
Thanks for trying to educate the ignorant ....we have to do what we can.
Keep it going strong.Stop Gorsuch until investigation is completed. Why is Bannon still there? Kushner? This needs to be exposed.
Thank you!!
Oh Snap!!! Laying it down just like that!! No more kissing up to these incompetent #Trumprussia
So glad you're our Senator!
Help us, Senator!
Forget the unmasking... work on understanding the Russian attack on the United States... remember that?
Thank you Senator. I am a constituent of yours. I want to thank you for working so hard for us here in Pa.
DT will continue to deflect/obstruct the Russia investigation at any opportunity.  He has no credibility.
This Pennsylvanian is proud of you! Thank you!

Yes! Same!
Bob Casey, regurgitator. No integrity.
Please talk to your Republican counterparts and urge them to stall the #SCOTUS vote
Residents of #RealPA thank you for standing up for us and for the nation.
Thank you for your clear vision and your integrity. Stay on it. Appreciate your efforts.
America already knows how shady Trump is. When you have the world's best scientists working for you and decide not to believe them = DUMB!
Ya always know it's bullshit when you have to make up a newspeak word for it.
go on...
