THANK YOU Senator Casey #NoDeVos keep up the good fight for our children!
He is fighting for government & unions, not children. Public schools are failing our kids
wrong public school is not failing my kids at all!!
Good for you, some schools are great. I/my kids went to PS. Millions are not doing well
agree some schools aren't but DeVos is not the answer to help! My kids are special needs I'm terrified.
best of luck with your kids; sounds like they have a great mom
thank you so much  and good luck to you too, I guess we all need some luck with the way things are going!
Vote NO! Even if it means not showing up for quorum.
no she is not!! And I shall remember every single person who votes for her ...
I will remember the temper tantrums & obstructionism from @SenBobCasey & @TheDemocrats
I'm not in your state, but I'd move there for champions like you...(though I live in NY so it's sorta the same!)
True, you also have lying Senators that put politics, govt, unions ahead of children
So someone that volunteered their time &  to improve education of inner city children is not acceptable
VOTE NO TO DEVOS
Please say NO to plagiarizing @BetsyDeVos!  Where are the sane Republican Senators?
From a fatherof a daughter with Down Syndrome. You are not that person either. Vote yes or no and move on with the process
Thank you! #VoteNoDevos
loser
you are clueless Casey. DeVos is a great choice. Confirm her !!!
just want to say from one digital media pr pro to another whoever is doing Bob's stuff is doing a great job!
Grow up and look around Town Hall time to read Tea leaves
you tell us why she is not without explaining why you are so wrong.
sen. CASEY go visit Philly public schools to see what failing looks like under Dema since @GovEdRendell
thank you senator Casey you are a man for the people and we will not forget all you are doing!
Thank you for voting No. 
#DumpDevos DeVos is unqualified for the position.
I live in PA now a red state, she wants school choice, we want school choice. Stop Obstructing.
yes, absolutely true. And a new movement is shaping itself at the grassroots with @justicedems
interview some people in Philadelphia and tell us what they think about school choice.
did the Teachers Union write this for you Dog Whistle?
thank you for taking a firm stand against @BetsyDeVos who does not seem to have our best interests at heart!
Thank you @SenBobCasey for supporting public education!  @usedgov @BetsyDeVos
Please talk to Toomey.
thank you for your fight Sen. Casey! Don't stop! Say NO to DeVos
@kincaid323 @usedgov @BetsyDeVos this retired (but still active in public education) school administrator thanks you 1/
on behalf of myself, my colleagues and kids EVERYWHERE.
Like we need to be told she's poison. As a former educator, I am appalled at this vulture.
U dont know what a champion is u do nothing 4 this state or 4 us in DC time to GO I will make it a mission
Thank you, Senator!
Clearly, government can simply be purchased. @SenToomey
anyone can donate to anyone I govt they all have big donors so what
Thanks for standing up for what is right. Proud that your our representative.
Thank you for doing the right thing, even if others didn't stand up and follow your lead.
.@SenBobCasey #highered is aghast at the idea of DeVos. Block!
Well thanks senator, but why she is in?
Cvh
thank you!  My biggest concern is her lack of understanding of IDEA.  It's disturbing! @SenToomey take note.
please continue to fight this cabinet nominee. She is not the right person for this job.
As an Early Childhood educator I applaud your no vote! DeVos is completely unqualified to lead Dept of Ed
We are proud of your steadfast adherence to principle here in PA, senator.  Hold firm!
what does that make you?in 2019 unemployed? Stop obstruction we want our country great again
What is needed is an education advocate who cares about students with disabilities!
#nobetsydevos 
#ADHD
who are the ongress who voted in favor of her confirming
So agree.
Thank you,@SenBobCasey, for protesting the nomination of @BetsyDeVos.
u need to b replaced. 2018
Proud to say I worked for this man. He represents the people, he takes his time and loves interacting with his constituents
350+ concerned citizens demonstrated at Sen Toomey's Pgh office today!
You go Bob! DeVos is so unqualified it's ridiculous.
thank you!
no Senator, we need a champion for children. All types, all educational avenues. Not beholden to the PSEA
would you approve of any non democratic candidate for any job? Can you work with republicans?
Thank you for standing up for the people.  We do not want her near public education.
What has Bob Casey ever done to kill the SRC and return Philadelphia's school district to the people?
No, she's not.  I'm concerned about the future of children in public schools and the strength of the DoE.
Keep strong to your goal!
Thank you Senator Casey for the fourth time. !
Thank you for being my voice, Senator Casey.
VOTE NO for DeVos. Remember 2018
you mean, you want someone to keep the status quo. Keep the UFT campaign money coming for Lib campaigns
Thank you for speaking out and voting no.
thank you Senator Casey for having a spine.  Will tRump fire you too?

what does Devos know about this topic? Less than zero?
Thanks for pressing her.
We need a United front w/legislation that precludes Multilevel Marketing distribution lines in schools.
NO PTO AMWAY FUND RAISERS!
Thank you for speaking out Senator!
30 yrs ago my wife fought tooth & nail so our daughter would be included. Instead they put her on a 45 min bus ride
Well said.  I hope @SenToomey follows your lead.
Keep this up, Mr. Casey!
Thank you, Senator Casey
Agree!
Keep speaking up Sen. Casey. Good work.
yeah keep feeding that good for nothing teachers union that keeps our schools in the trash
how does the teacher's union do that? just a few points would be good?
class time cut shorter for "free relax time period" yet no longer teaching cursive kids
NO on Betsy Devos !
thank you 
I worked with your dad, and I know he would be proud of your principled stand
Great fight Bob!  What's up with your PA colleague @SenToomey
thank you Senator Casey!
Thank you, Senator Casey!
This was good, I would appreciate more of this
Thank you Senator!!!! Our children deserve better than @BetsyDeVos . Cabinet post are not Thank You gifts to big donors.
no we deserve. BEtter than the teacher's union that has Casey in pocket that's all this is Stop BS
I thought we were looking for a champion for the Uber rich? Who cares about the kids???
thank you, senator!
