Thank you Senator #HealthCareReform @SenToomey @RepRyanCostello #Obamacare #HealthForAll
What ever happened to bipartisan negotiations?  Why must it always be "My way or the Highway" attitude?
Things have been this way far too long now and needs to change or this country is doomed!!!
Only way to improve is moving to single-payer "Medicare for all".  Anything less leaves millions uninsured and under-insured.
I pray for na new house and Senate that support and work with Trump.
Power of the Internet my friend.
Agree with you but you can't be serious to call it Trumpcare in one tweet and ACA in another. Show respect. Go high. Work together
repeal and replace. Nothing else is acceptable
we will see. GOP not worked with Pres Obama’s WH for 8 years;now GOP can't agree. Working w/ Dems is their best bet
You must engage the moderate GOP and show them the far right is no friend of the American people. Get them engaged.
They say they are shelving the ACA repeal. .for now anyway. Let's hope they mean it.
Improving healthcare & access should not be kicked down the road because of political standoffs.  Time is now.
They said they're working on taxes. Probably going to try and get more money for the rich that way.
if Dems are going to sit on their hands and do nothing but obstruct, you will be met with the same resistance.
Yes, now's the time to add a public option to ACA to keep the insurance companies honest.
No Improve We the Americans want full repeal and replace.
Glad to have you as my Senator @SenBobCasey.
I thought ur party said it was perfect the way it was?  Let it fail on its own.
I would love to know who the republican reps that were openly voting no to TrumpCare were so that I can thank them
just curious what were the Democrats ideas to fix ACA?
they should "fix" it by changing to universal health care
what does universal healthcare look like? I hear different takes on that version.
Senator YOU voted for this ineffectual law and turned your back & ignored republicans when it was written. @HouseGOP
what about sessions' possibly purjury during his confirmation hearing?
@SenateDems Will you stand by spec ed too? Vote #NoGorsuch @PADeptofEd
You initially exempted Congress from ACA Why? Answer that question.
he is well qualified and a superior candidate and it shows that you are bipartisan and plain and simple not for us
The only real solution, if both the Democrats & Republicans have the GUTS, is #MedicareForAll
no it will explode-helps low income-which is o.k.-but repeal & replace is better option
#IMPROVE My rates up $1k mo child now qualifies for Medicare but ARBCBS says can't remove him until Nov #ISTHISLEGAL
no
if you block judge Goresuch it will be my personal mission to get you ousted from your position.
The Affordable Care Act can be much better, lets get to work.
communicate to public about Obamacare shortfalls & pressure GOP to fix! @SenToomey
I agree, need to work together.
no do fix it replace it I cant pay the large the price they want I am in PA Casey I will fight for u to lose ur seat
it's gonna implode .. insurance company's won't touch it and the premiums r ridiculous money grab by you the govermen
no it is a money grab by ins companies
true everybody is cashing in including gov
thats because the govt is in  bed with big business. We have to take it back for "we the people"
and institute universal healthcate, as Bernie proposed
@trump_newsdaily @HouseGOP they won't their going to keep trying to destroy it. GOP greed betraying the Americans.
Amen!
Thank you Senator Casey
@boatingdoc_ @HouseGOP the only way forward for those who care about the health of the American people
. Senator Casey I think this is a great idea! It would be a win-win for our country who is bipartisan thank you.
I thought there was nothing to be fixed.  Aren't those ur words and deeds? It was perfect. Replace Casey in 2018
"What did the president know and when did he tell the hookers to piss on the mattress?"
Been waiting on this...a long, long time. @HouseGOP, your constituents are watching!!
Thank You @SenBobCasey for standing up for healthcare!
I agree with Trump. You need to fix not him. On to Taxes. Save the middle class. u didn't
thanks for caring about the American people
Hackjob Bob. Trump is right. You still own This. WTF is your plan? On to single payer hey? Loser!
The time is coming for single payer. Let's go for it,& get a bill ready! Thank you Senator
Thank you @SenBobCasey
It is time for single payer. Let's join the rest of the world and significantly lower the cost.
so ask the @HouseDemocrats for help, Medicare for all, will need to be basic care, not comprehensive
Ryan was selling snake oil
How about Congressional healthcare for all? FEHB for all? Group discounts!
Thank you!
Another elephant in the room that makes insurance expensive
Why doesn't anyone talk about the elephant in the room? Healthcare should not be for profit!
single payer, please and thank you! health care is a right -- let's guarantee access for all! #SinglePayer
like you did 7 years ago...?
Yes,  you created the ACA.  Maybe you're party MUST fix the inadequacies.
Senator, something has to be done!   Premiums are unaffordable for many of us!  Why can't you understand that?
I'm glad you're my Senator.  Good message.
well said Senator Casey & thanks for all you do for the constituents of PA!!
Everybody knows that you are on the take from the pharma lobby.  Of course you don't want a change!
what a wonderful idea to take what has begun and make it stronger and better for everyone in America.
Trump has been serious!!  Very disappointed in you - you don't represent ME!!

Yay! That's what we need and honestly it does need help!! Go Bob.
The American people deserve what the rest of the developed world has, pass a bill giving us #MedicareForAll
Even Trump advocated for a single paper system in 2015. Imagine that. Today's failed Bill should have been titled the Revenge Act.
you said premiums would decrease $2500 but they increased $5000 YOU own that
they increased bc of greedy insurance companies that make billions
No more 'us' and 'them'. Put your chairs together, sharpen your pencils and get to work. Be a 'We' ; 'we the people'
thanks Sen Casey! Keep pushing to work together for improvements, not the #Trumpcare nonsense!
you should caption your videos or link to a transcript for deaf and hard of hearing citizens. #accessibility
That would be in the best interest of Americans, but not in the best interest of 2%, so that is very doubtful.
Thank you, Senator Casey.
Considering the money available in providing HC, the GOP *should* be interested in expanding it. It's not zero-sum.
hey the Dems have great ideas @HouseGOP . You should reach out for a change
It's time for SINGLE PAYER
Thank you senator!!
it's the UNaffordable healthcare act, healthcare is not a law start there!!!!
@thenewredplaid @HouseGOP Improve not repel. 8 yrs. is enough.
#1 Public Option. 
#2 Healthcare for All
what WORK? Thought the ACA was GREAT? Now you like your plan you get to KEEP you plan. Aren't you happy now?
Go talk to that noodnick Toomey. He's a problem. Thanks for your good work.
to that point:
Thank you, Senator.
Can your office send me the link to this short video?  Want to share with several PA groups working hard on these issues.
that is their way or no way, or go big or go home or "it's a merciful act". This is really people's live at hand.
really all joke aside we really have to work together to make ACA better but a party should not be thinking.....
Thank you, Senator. Would you be willing to seriously consider a public option, Medicare buy-in, or Medicare for all?
sadly I don't believe any of them have the maturity to do that
just like Hillary you say "improve" but never say HOW???
I've seen no evidence that you care to play a constructive role in fixing the failures of the ACA
maybe a Casey-@SenToomey plan and keystone coalition?
we are right here with you Sir #GoldStarDad
single payor.
Medicare for all!
@NoFascistsPls @HouseGOP Go with the plan That's tested & approved by all other modern major countries. Universal healthcare.
single. payer. @HouseGOP
let obamacare go broke. Let it take every democrat down with it!
.@SenBobCasey @HouseGOP REPAIR *not* REPEAL!
SINGLE PAYER
Single payer NOW!
yes Senator improve Obamacare
Thank you sir!!!!!!
Exactly what should be happening  Why is GOP wasting time with crap like trumpdon'tcare?
your done Casey. Not one republican will work with you. Career over!
obamacare blows up just in time for caseys reelection bid. Casey is going down with obamacare. It is his failure
I wouldn't hold my breath...
it's time for a single payer system
you tell em!! Their plan to line the pockets of the rich foiled! comrade trumps' days numbered!!
thank you! for this you we're all hardcore out there thanks man
No you created this bill you need fix it
