Russia is a major adversary and threat to regional stability – this action sends a clear signal to Putin that aggression has consequences.
We also sent a clear signal to @POTUS that sanctions should not be lifted absent a behavior change from Russia.
Is it true that Russia proposed some kind of treaty? @democracynow had Oliver Stone on the show and this proposed treaty was mentioned.
The you for supporting this extremely important issue
Thank you
See you can be bipartisan and the world survives...now do it again!
@RandPaul @SenMikeLee Does the fact that ONLY YOU 2 Senators voted against Bill98-2 for Russian Sanctions give you pause?Because it does US!
Totally! This gives me tiny bit of hope for 45s future impeachment
Do the "no voters" have unpaid invoices out there?
Good, now lets get the Republicans to do the same with healthcare.
Can't wait til WW3 starts can y'all?
Can we assume if (meaning when) he vetoes, congress will override?
Gee I wonder why this is a necessity given our current president
Mike Lee and Rand Paul  - hmmmmmmmmm
Who are the 2 that voted for russia?
I would suggest that the R's aren't being bipartisan out of patriotic duty. It is rather to appear they have no involvement with them.
Take THAT Tillerson!!
Thank you. Hopefully the Kool Aid is starting to run dry is DC.
The Russians are our enemies for a reason. Their hacking the 2016 election was proof of this, and an act of war. They should pay dearly.
Who voted no?
I'm glad to see this.  It's good to see such broad support for sensible measures.
Who were the 2 who voted not to expand sanctions?
Will Trump be able to veto this?
EMBARGO  WORSE  THAN  CUBA  FOREVER . LIFT CRUEL  ABUSIVE  UNFAIR  INHUMANE  EMBARGO  AGAINST  CUBA.  IMPEACH INCARCERATE
Who voted against it? We The People want to know who the CORRUPT traitors are
In a bill sponsored by Pat Toomey. Name him you coward!
Russia is a distraction  of  of demsenators  failure  since the past 8yrs to  do anything meaningful but line their pockets  with money.
You must be running for re-election. We never hear from you otherwise.
Can you work together for some meaningful legislation on gun control. Don't just ask for bodyguards, change the picture.
Shocking! Does that mean the GOP believes the Russians hacked our elections!
Bipartisan is the way to go!
That's how democracy works!!!!! 
What difference do sanctions make other than punish the people of the countries charged? Money isn't the answer! Grow up!!!
who were the treasonous nay voters??
Rand Paul & Mike Lee also PUTIN lovers.
Thank you @SenBobCasey & the 96 other Senators that voted yes!
What a great concept, people working together. Keep up to good work, thank you.
Can I ask Senator why we aren't supporting Ukraine as Russia continues to invade ?!
Yeah, but won't Trump just veto it?
about time ! Now carry on in the same manner ! A little common decency and ground goes miles !
Who were the two who voted against?
@RandPaul & @SenMikeLee
.@RandPaul @SenMikeLee =no votes: Senate overwhelmingly votes to impose new Russian sanctions over election meddling http://www.cnbc.com/2017/06/14/senate-overwhelmingly-votes-to-impose-new-sanctions-on-russia-over-election-meddling.html …
Thank you!

Good
Thank you for your work for WE THE PEOPLE
Who voted the 2 ? Let me guess the 
Can we expect the same on the secrete Healy care bill? Good question!
We needed one today.
You see if you bastards would just work together like that all the time you wouldn't be taking so much heat #getittogether
Yes!!!! It's about time!!! "My ole my what a wonderful day!!!" 𗀆𗀆𗀆𗀆
Happy Birthday to @realDonaldTrump  NOT!
THAT'S MY COUNTRY  Good to see us being the USA again!!
For exactly 3...2..1
Awesome job! Now can we see the healthcare bill #ShowUsTheBill
& his tax returns
We don't need to support Europe unless they start paying for their own defense in NATO they made a commitment for 2% of GDP but dnt pay it
Give it a rest.
Thank You! It is wonderful to see our elected officials working together for a change!
If Trump vetoes this you need to IMPEACH
Pa hates you
And who voted against it?? Rand Paul and Mike Lee...wonder why
Yay!!!thank those Republicans , give lots of reinforcements
It is good to see you working together.
@fireheather  

Sounds like there's enough support to override the Orange Puppet's impending veto -- awesome!!
That is what I was looking at too. :)
Thank you. Millions of ppl in Russia, Ukraine, Balkans & across Europe need to know we stand w/ them. Shame on No's  @RandPaul @SenMikeLee
Well @realDonaldTrump are you going to get uncle Vlad mad at you or are you going to veto the sanctions and prove you are a Russian puppet
Love it when all sides work together to find solutions. Thank you!
What message?
Great to hear. What about the re-opening of the properties in Maryland and Long Island?
Thank You! @SenateDems @SenateGOP 
Now do this for Health Care and we'll finally be working together like we should!
Universal is the only humane way to go.
Who were the 2 no votes
Good job.
Geez us, which two idiots thought Sanctuons were a bad idea?
Good, but 45 won't support it! He thinks Russia is great! What have they got over his head?!
Whoop. That's the America I know
Who was the 2?
@peenyweeny1218 happy birthday Trump
Excelent bd present
Agreed.  Is a wonderful start...I hope the momentum builds toward a path of country over party!  TY for your service
It's about time!  #TeamUSA #FinallyGettingShitDone #Whyitakesolong #yallknownobodygottimeforthat
The seriousness of Russian influence is two fold if this unstable shooter was targeted =+more unstable by a foreign destabilizing campaign
Good job keep it up. We all just want what is right.
Now are you going to kick the shit out of the ACA replacement or what?
Demand former AG Lynch testify in front of Sen. Intel Comittee and appt. special prosecutor to reopen HRC investigation.
Oh geez shut up about HRC!  She won the popular vote. And she has morals and values..something you will never understand. Get over it
Great news!
Can't wait to replace you with a Trump loyalist next year
Hard to believe you got that many votes but these Sanctions all have loopholes and no promise that Trump will sign it
It doesn't matter if he signs it or not.
Who voted against it?
Rand Paul and Mike Lee
Good to know! Thanks!
Good!!
