In his CPAC speech, Trump claimed that Obamacare covers "very few people." Here's why he's wrong: http://politi.co/2lNWefM  
Please stand up for the free press. The WH decision to ban CNN, NYT, etc from a briefing today is autocratic posturing.
Its on them. Trump didn't make them the corrupt shell of journalism they are...they did. It's well overdue.
I would rather my tax dollars go to medical care and education than some ridiculous weapon that sits ina hangar #think #dummies
If it wasn't for Obamacare I wouldn't have insurance. It's either insurance or having some place to live.
dump Trump!
Toomey won't hear us! Glad U do! Let him know he will be voted out! Peoples lives matter!
ObamaCare <> "health care."
how about the millions of people who have health insurance but can’t afford to use it because of high deductibles and copays?

@DearAuntCrabby Trump never tires of lying.
Fight the Falsehoods of The Liar in Chief
thank you again for holding @potus accountable and calling him out on his numerous lies. People's lives depend on that ACA
don't let Ryan and McConnell touch Medicaid, Medicare or Social Security either.
There are four times that number of people in AZ who can't afford your Unaffordable care act. Rates are up 125%.
Keep fighting. They cannot produce a better plan unless it is single payer.
The Pennsylvanians who beg to differ, 'get' their obamacare. The ones who 'pay' for their obamacare, hate their obamacare.
And the Pennsylvanians who've had their rates raised ridiculously would disagree with you, Sen. Casey.
@DearAuntCrabby wouldn't know truth if it slapped him in kisser
Hey bob...obamacare sucks. It was true before Trump won based largely on that issue, and it's true now.
@SenToomey alternative facts! Please stand up to repair (not replace) ACA, keep pre-existing conditions and lifetime max.
@DearAuntCrabby trump needs to go now!!!
oh no, not bullshit Jane Fonda.
Thanks for the entitlement you created in ACA. It is such a mess but Dems won't lift a finger to help fix it. @SenateGOP
Problem w/ ACA is it forces ppl of faith to pay for abortion,contraception.That's tyranny! Ans:Private Healthcare sharing orgs
@realDonaldTrump is only concerned about the media & HIMSELF. TRUTH is beyond his realm of comprehension #UNQUALIFIEDPUPPET
#My monthly premiums have nearly doubled since #Obamacare implementation
wow and what if they replace it w something better or can't u understand this simple concept. My premium went up 45% this yr.
how can you criticize a bill that doesn't exist?
R u talking about lies? The biggest ones--if you like your health plan and yr dr you can keep them and have a $5000 deductible
sigh, and how many lost their coverage that was half the cost and much lower deductibles 3 years ago? Quit fear mongering
POTUS lives in his own reality.
As would the nearly 19 million others across the country.
he's wrong more than he's right
Please fight his mentally ill behind tooth and nail to see that never happens!!!
more than that lost the ability to get it AFTER aca. Why on earth you think a $6k fee with a 4K co pay is "affordable" ??
thank you Senator!! I am impressed w/ur views & dedication to the people
@realDonaldTrump President Trump, you wouldn't know a fact if in your face. The MAJORITY of Americans do not trust your words.
@realDonaldTrump as a cancer survivor, I beg to differ with Trump's outrageous lies too.
I'm one of them!
956,000 voters.
Stay on this so called president.  Thank You Sir.
ACA is  not sustainable and you know that! Be honest with you constituents, not just political!
replacement is not passed. You have a lot to say about that as a dem. You can work with the other side a pass something decent.
That number if manipulated. How many are medicaid that will likely be retained? In any case, They only lose coverage if the
Very few ppl that MATTER, Senator...bc ppl that matter to Donald are his donors.
His mouth is open, he's lying. Why do we let this go on? Tweeting is all well and good, DO SOMETHING.
The problem is that he does not care, never will.
quit thinking. Repeal and replace Casey in 2018. Evidence is clear ur party is out voted.
that is y we are repealing and replacing.. replacing.. with something that works for all. Will not vote for you. Go Steelers!
We are mobilized in Pensilvania . We are taking your seat. Anyone else want to get involved. Message me please ty
My son is one :( And Sen Toomey sends me information about H.R. 34 when I specifically referenced ACA. Super angry.
Don't worry senator, Trump won't let them lose their healthcare. STOP THE FAKE NEWS
He makes up his own truth! #atputinspuppet
Let them go on their innocuous plan for one year!
Well 20 million is not a lot of people compared to how many Americans there are so Trump is not wrong
Just another Presidential lie.
70% of those idiots probably voted for #Trump
@puristology @politico  I like my ACA-that I pay for !No state or federal employees pay for their ins.  Leave mine alone
@suzberf always misinformed and living in an alternative world that does not exist.
@politico maybe before you shoot a number out .how many were cancelled and forced to go over to aca .I was one.and many others.
Totally agree. Yet he continues lying or is too dumb to know that he is that wrong. Keep up the good fight @SenBobCasey. We are with you.
@anbtruth say again???
hey Sen another day another lie. U can't believe anything the conman has 2 say
I listen to that speech and sadly he sounds like a moron
THANK YOU!! @SenBobCasey for being one of the few sane voices currently in OUR congress!!
remember @realDonaldTrump understands so little about ACA he thought people who worked for him had it & had to be corrected
Shows you how ignorant 45 and Repubs are to who the ACA affects. Needs to be fixed, not dismantled.
idk who you're talking about! Anyone I know are thrilled with replacing ACA! Better known as unaffordable care act!
LOL
Did you know that they hand picked News outlets today Sir.  THIS IS Another Emergency.  Sorry, they just keep coming
ABSOLUTELY. ESPECIALLY when they are also threatening SS, SSDI, MEDICARE, MEDICAIDE, ADA, EDUCATION
@palan57 If that were true, then why are so many people fighting to keep it?
essential fight to improve #ACA which is the way to make #Dignity better, give confidence back to unemployed people, I support
thank sen Bob Casey
It just goes to show that @realDonaldTrump doesn't really know or understand ACA nor does he care...it's all about him, not us!
they have no one to blame but themselves. They voted for him.
It is shameful what comes out of the mouths of this administration. It's even worse how the followers follow blindly
Haha. That's rich.
- Senator, he has proven several times that he is not strong with Math.
And would PA's Medicaid system have to be rebuilt for new MA categories,costing millions to pay a computer contractor to build?
ahem please refer to as so-called President. Thanks.
Thank you, Senator.
Hear hear!  Now let's try to convince "rubber stamp" @SenToomey
