I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare.
And they voted Trump. Let them learn a lesson.  No one bailed out the steel workers!!
Russia steel for Keystone!
The unions backed Hilary actual minors went for trump
Now the minors wish they hadn't they have Obamacare
It's a Dying industry.  They implemented legislation to make it the primary state to produce solar panels, which is growing industry
As always he's playing for his base & successfully fooling 'em. There is no blinder man than the one who doesn't want to see...
You fight? Your tack record is to grandstand before each election in public. Then go along to get along when your in Washington.
People everywhere are waking up to @realDonaldTrump and his perpetual bullshit.  Better late than never, I suppose.
Hey Sen. WHY DONT U PEOPLE BRING UP IN CONGRESS THAT WE THE TAX PAYERS NOT GOING TO PAY FOR FIRST LADY SECURITY 1 MILLION A DAY PLUS HIS!!!
What if we re-educate the miners so they are able to find other jobs, since the industry is dying?
That was Hillary's plan but the Miners themselves voted for Trump. They did this to themselves.
Watch the hands, not the cups.
YES!!!  Keep on this #LiarInChief thank you for your continued support and protection from the #OrangeMenace
Thank you
ty! He thinks he's fooling us all that ACA is horrific too.  NOT!  Please don't touch my ACA unless it's to make ALL healthcare Free for all
lol how do you know my age , wow assume much? idiocy, at least get the facts before you spew
@realDonaldTrump 
Not long ago, GOP wanted to deny coal miners their benefits:
They did the same thing in the spring of 2014 re. the Vets when Obama tried to get the VA help. Hypocrites blocking Obama!
Sen Casey...Thank you for speaking out against Trump's delusional thinking.
I hope you are right but my gut tells me that the vast majority of coal miners voted for Trump and will again.
UNREAL, trumpf- lie, lie...
Could you show proof that Trump is not fighting for them?
Thank you @SenBobCasey for helping me prove not all of PA is fooled by the horrible  You are a true fighter and always have been!
As a former resident of pa, I can tell you Bob Casey is not a guy you want to side with or retweet. Major hypocrite. Check his record.
as a resident of W PA,i want to Thank You for standing up for what is right. You are making repubs in PA mad-great job !
They sure do, they head it from your party leader, @HillaryClinton; she gave away your position!
How can you block something that if passed will not be anything?
Why do they need healthcare when bobbies policies destroyed the industry #theyareallhypocrites
Started going down in the eighties.  Look it up.
Incredible! He says things that people know aren't true. Never seen anyone lie with such ease. I guess his people only listen to him.
Next tweet from Trump: “I want to help our miners by lowering top tax bracket from 39 to 35% and repeal AMT but Dems are blocking it”
@realDonaldTrump he believes he's fooling the entire country if not the world! #liarinchief
Hey at least @realDonaldTrump used the correct their. So he has that going for him....
Ok Senator. Fight the good fight and let people know who trump supports/ himself
WTG, Senator!
@nstretcher DT came in "to save the day"(lied) after HC spoke the truth to the miners. Unfortunately they believed him. Sad
This is how it's done @SenSchumer.
with all due respect the miners know what the Democratic Party did to them the last 8 years.  Who are you fooling?
Trump thinks everyone is an idiot Fortunately the majority know it is Trump lacking integrity
Yeah, and Hillary won, the MSM didn't collude with her campaign and you're honest.
Take accountability Trump in politics you work with the other side but right now you have the house and senate and still can't get it done
Nobody would be hurt worse by ACHA and loss of Medicaid expansion than miners.
And yet they vote Trump. Tired of hearing about the miners who were just fine w/ trump's crap when it only hurt black & brown ppl.
I think issues need to be resolved separately. Too many non connected issues in the same bills.It is total BS and POLITICS.
The "Donald" is the typical republican hypocrite.
our miners in wyoming are cheering
Thank you Senator Casey RESIST!! In what world do you take insurance away from the needy to make insurance companies more profitable??
You don't give a damn about coal miners
What? Boys stayed away from opiates long enough to see who they voted for? Reality setting in? Nice. But let us not stop being angry at them
#BernieWouldHaveWon
Get them on TV
Pity they came to the realization so late...
Thank you for your dedication and service Mr. Casey! 

#tRumpLEAKS
#tRumprussia
#tRumpsTAXES
You can fool some of the people all of the time... Oh shit, you know the rest! But it looks like you can fool Red Hats all of the time!
He's such a goddamn blatant liar. Disgusting.
You tell 'em, Sen. Bob!
Be wary of #3.
Amen @SenBobCasey & it sure isn't the BS artist sitting in the W.H. @realDonaldTrump
Then why is he President?  Think before you tweet.
@SenToomey Yo, Toomey see what a real leader looks like, you are a fraud!   Go Bob Go!
WHY has #HouseGOP @WaysandMeansGOP #MN03 @RepErikPaulsen failed to act on bipartisan #HR179 Miners Protection Act 
Healthcare funding needed
These miners need to get infront if a camera!! The truth needs to be shared with the country
Thanks for fighting the good fight for Pennsylvanians, even those who may have voted the wrong way in Nov. Actions speak louder than tweets.
Loved your dad Bob.
Ya the party that told them they are going to be put out of work lol lol
It's not u fool. ur lining ur own pockets
Trump has been using Twitter as his false propaganda machine since day 1.
Curious how you feel about the Democratic Party disdain for Pro-Life Ds?  I introduced ur dad at McDowell High Erie PA speech
NO one can believe ONE single word of Trump's very limited vocabulary
His pathological lying has a DANGEROUS global effect
#BoyWhoCalledWolf
"Who knew" with Repubs controlling all 3 houses, that the Dems have so much power?
@MarleneUsaa1 More bs. There are NO jobs for the miners & there wont be in the near future. Coal has seen its day & its sad you misled them.
Miners would do well to recall which party (after Farmington disaster) led fight for coal mine health and safety, black lung benefits, etc.
Trump is blocking your healthcare
Trump uses classic gaslighting techniques in his tweet-lies   Lies.
Classic abuser mentality. He is not right in the head
Ummm Don, your party controls all 3 branches of government. At least attempt not to look like an ignorant buffoon. 
Can you quote the miners, link to a video or something? Otherwise sounds like you’re just talking out of your ass.
All I'm saying is it would've been nice if Sen Casey could've challenged ExPObama half as much as he does with @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Coal is dead. Time to move on to more innovative, renewable resources.
I so am disappointed in yet another delay for health care for the miners while those that vote fear not for their coverage.  Such a shame
Remember 900,000 PA Dems switched & voted for Trump in 2016. Union management might support you but not rank/file. No reelection for you!
Trump is trying to prove Lincoln wrong by attempting to fool all of the people all of the time
Well said
Surely not your party w all the regulations!
Need those miners to get out & vote in the primary.
Bob has obamacare gold package. We pay 80% and bob has zero deductibles. No wonder he likes it. None of us could afford that package
His supporters believe him. Facts don't matter.
Fooling everyone but the miners.
Senator, the President has opened up hope for those in the coal industry w/ recent exec action. You are posturing for re-election. Pathetic.
Thank you for speaking out, Senator Casey
the working majority is solidly for Trump,you ignore the last election,we're a Red State now 2018 is coming soon
It really is such an outrageous lie! We need 2 publish a new phrase book. "I want to help" means "not going to do a thing but will pretend"
We should all be paying attention to what he is "doing" and NOT what he is "saying". Keep up the fight Sen. Casey!
I hope some of them can make it to Harrisburg to intermix with the planned adulation session on Saturday.
Maybe Trump meant minors, not miners. He does not read and is easily distracted, so it's possible.
Keep pushing Senator Casey, you rock!
Who gives a fuck about miners? Get an education and a new job.
Mr Trump clearly meant "minors". He's got to replace Melania with someone soon.
You tell him, Senator. He's on a tweet-storm because the Russian problems are closing in. Keep the heat on.
"Keep the heat on"?
Who are u,
Sonny Crockett from Miami vice.
You used Archie Bunker on your PN? He was a union member (thus Dem) LMAO @ you Duped5 tRump CHUMP

#tRumpLEAKS
#tRumprussia
#tRumpsTAXES
U mean to tell me ur intelligence is telling u Archie wouldnt have voted for Trump? I guess u forgot about the blue wall that wasnt there
You can fool some Russian real estate investors sometimes, but you can't fool the American people all the time!
#stayfocused #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
What have you done for them the past eight years?????
All Trump wants to do is take the Coal Miners money and give it to the "Poor" Billionaires in the form of a HUGE TAX BREAK!
support your message everything from his MOUTH is FAKE Truth
Not sure who you think you're fooling Mr. Casey, by ducking a debate with @DaleKernsJr a LP candidate running for your seat in 2018.
Agreed.  The world now knows that @realDonaldTrump is an immoral liar who'll cause more American suffer and deaths than any terror group.
As long as his base believes everything he tweets or says he will continue to spew this drivel. I bet the miners think it's true.
Sadly he fooled them all in November. Coal counties in PA voted for him in large numbers. To their own detriment, unfortunately.
sad that people hurt most by the conservative agenda are too hung up on abortion, guns, and religion to see forest for the trees. Impeach
Talk to the people at Joy Manufacturing, Franklin & Houston, PA.
Dems want to completely kill the coal industry, which Obama regs got well started.
WRONG. find out about this Miner Protection Act b4 u troll. They.need help now.Trimp GOP leaving them to go on welfare. 
#TheyEarnedit
Keep the pressure on, Senator!
What's sad is you have authority to make real change. Yet nothing. All talk. Basically spend all your time campaigning and falling in line.
He's the fool. Keep us away from his foolishness. It's deadly. Please
Thank you for fighting for real Pennsylvanians! We appreciate your dedication and big heart #realPA
Your lieing. Ten of thousands of coal industry jobs created since President Trump took office.
It's not you either Bob. You roll over like a dog for the Democrats over you. And they laugh their a** off every day.
Remember it in November for our local offices & in 2018 when we elect every representative in the House. Get rid of heir majority.
Thanks for reminding @realDonaldTrump @POTUS that he's used miners as political props. They deserve better.
All Unions are, and or ever been is a political prop. How specifically do they deserve better. Curious?
Counter-accusations and lies look very similar to those on #Russiagate don't they?
he is fooling @SpeakerRyan and @SenateMajLdr 
They are all 4 taking away healthcare for MILLIONS 
BUT we still pay 4 them and their families
Why does the Congress and Senate not call him on his dishonesty? Bailing out ins Co is not truth. The gov helps with our premiums AMERICANS
Not mine ours doubled, that's we get for working 2 jobs?  Try it sometime a hole
I have cancer or I would.
I hope other tweet you and call you n GOP member to do their job and do oversight. We need a special prosecutor to investigate.
We KNOW blaming democrats is foolish talk. President  is against Miners protection act. It is only true PERMANENT FIX.
Senator as a PA resident n I hope others tweet you, we are demanding that the Republican Party do their job, Oversight is their job.
Actually, he's not from Philly. But he does work there sometimes!
Well done @SenBobCasey we support you!
But he tweeted! We're all stupid you see & after a lifetime of behavior all he has to do is tweet & we'll fold like one of his casinos.
Wow. Really reaching across the aisle. Why don't you both just take it out back while you're at it.
and it sure isn't you bobby
