As ranking member of the Senate Rules Committee I call on the majority to allow reporting in the Capitol to proceed as usual.
They're coming after your right to tell them that they are wrong. Nobody is going to muzzle me. I will NEVER shut up. Not going to happen.
What happens if everyone ignores it?
A unilateral decision from 1 party. Blocking access so no one outside the room knows what the hell is going on? And if the Dems pulled this?
Senator Richard Shelby of Alabama is Chair of the Senate Rules Committee. His DC office number is (202) 224-5744.
I just talked to Senator Shelby's office. She said there was a change and now all reporters are allowed to be in the hallway & ask questions
TY. So no changes ?
That's what his office said. I repeated "so the journalist are still allowed to be in the halls & ask questions" and was told yes.
I'm confused by other recent tweets I'm seeing about press hallway access. Would be good to hear from press about what's happening now.
@amyklobuchar Why are Republicans stripping us of government transparency? This is not Russia yet.
@amyklobuchar well of course it was
Because GOP want to hide from American people so we can't see what they're doing. This will all be remembered in 2018, & many years to come.
is it time yet for military intervention to preserve our rights and borders from USSR and dictators?
I don't have a problem with that.
When you find a real reporter let me know. #cnn #wapo #nyt #msnbc all part of the #dnc now
Shut. Down. The. Senate. No unanimous consent until the @GOP #ShowUsTheBill. We don't care if you lose this fight. JUST FIGHT!!! #2018
#FakeNews
@SenBobCasey
You ALL work for us !
JOURNALIST work for us !
THEY ARE OUR EYES & EARS !
What Are YOU Going to Do About It ?!
#RESIST
Thanks for the clarification, but it wasn't even necessary. We the People know only Republicans would come up with such aberration.
How can they do that? Building belongs to the people , not them. Serious question.
Of course it was a unilateral decision - only way to silence democratic discourse
I think it might be about Obstructionism by Democrats!  Trying to take down our President! WORK together Dems!
Nobody has to take him down - we're just calling him out
Open your eyes!  The Swamp doesn't want to be drained!  They want to stay corrupt!
Cowards all.
What is Chairman Shelby going to do to Senators who take questions on camera?
Those Rs are such patriots! They believe in the constitution only when it works 4 them. It's all we heard abt for 8 yrs. Never ever again!
Any 1st Amendment issue in denying right to video public figures using our public spaces, outside their offices?
Why are they so afraid of reporters' questions, do you think?
Could it be TRUMPCARE???
Ridiculous
And another step on he path toward Nazism.
The harder they try to block access- the harder we will pursue the truth!
Not surprised but what can be done about the GOP ? I can't wait till 2018! I am fearful that our democracy will be destroyed
@amyklobuchar Reporters should be allowed in the Capitol--this is an outrage
This crap needs to stop. Who are the handful of elite that are running Washington. It's not elected officials.
Names?
Autocracy beginning to really take shape.
I'm done, this needs 2 stop & every GOP member voted out!!This invasion of russia's puppets & our corrupt @GOP freaks need 2b removed!
How can they change rules without a vote? This is a democracy (for now)!  This is outrageous! #FreePress #resist
Point to the source!!  @SenShelby is the unilateral decision maker.
Republicans subverting a free press? Aren't they supposed to DEFEND the Constitution, @GOP?????
Just released by Senator Shelby..
https://www.shelby.senate.gov/public/index.cfm/2017/6/shelby-statement-on-rules-committee-clarification …
If even GW Bush didn't try it you know it's way over the top. #resist #unite
Break the rule Senator... let the Rs be the ones evading the media and force their hand!
This calls for civil disobedience if any reporters have the guts.
So the #Republicans have gone full #Stalin? Good to know.
America under dictatorship. 
Just spoke with Sen Shelby's office & they deny rule changes re: press access.
@SenateGOP this is an un-American decision.  #FreedomOfThePress #FreePress #WeThePeople
Why am I not even surprised?
Outrageous attack on media denigrates #1stAmendment
Jesus, lord. Can the re-education camps be far behind?
Dear Christians viciously attacking President Trump&his family. You Christians who are FILLED w/hate may I suggest actually READING UR Bible
it's called hiding the truth. History will remember.
Again what will you do about it???????
These lousy GOP scumbuckets!!
Sick of them! they all need to go
Here we go - this is the craziest administration ever.  Why don't you all stop the nonsense and do your jobs
Things are now so bad the GOP has to hide, what the hell are you doing Congress?
Where do you stand @SenatorWicker @SenThadCochran ? You're standing up to protect free press right??
This is pure censorship, i.e., suppression of free speech and public communication. @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajorityL What a cowardly act.
Stop the fascism ASAP
What are they trying to hide? Could it be their hideous healthcare/tax cut for the wealthy bill?
Any attempts to violate the First Amendment like this will be met with swift, overwhelming, and legally informed opposition.
Sleaze balls, all of them!! What are they wanting to hide!
So the big bad cameras frighten the Reps?
So basically @SenateMajLdr shows yet again he is a coward and a fraud. Can bully @SenWarren but can't handle the mean news media.
@GOP running scared. 
Republicans are out of control. Their adoption by Putin seems complete. It's hard to imagine that not one is willing to put country first.
Sen Casey,it looks like you and other like-minded senators should start scheduling regular interviews in the halls. Keep granting permission
@jo_revelette Republican Senators hate to be confronted on their positions
and the #GOP minions follow the dictator to limit access and freedom of the press.
SO FIX IT!
Every day I have more and more disdain for the GOP!
(sarcasm) maybe this is in prep for Gianforte, to protect the reporters, at least until he finishes his anger management training
They're the ones with something to hide.
How do you feel about this rule change, @SenToomey? Just GOP business as usual, right?
Reporters access? Stop flooding labor market with cheap indentured servants on #H1B and similar visa scams. We going to out of jobs soon.
@GOP Russian tactics explains why they protect Trump & make excuses for him!  They want. Russian government.
unethical, potentially illegal?
That was obvious, what will you do about it?  What are they hiding?  How will your voices be louder than theirs?
So the #PressLockout is not only anti-democracy in substance, it was anti-democratic in its process/origin as well.
What are their names?
Who says you all have to follow it?  Also why can't a place be set up for those who don't want to hide?
Thank you @amyklobuchar
One step closer to dictatorship. #notmyparty #dictator #stopthemadness
Again, I am not happy about this censorship.  Others are too...the phone lines are jammed.
#byebyeGOP
What's going to be done about this?
Republicans Go Full RUSSIAN RATS In REPUBLICAN Congress. ...DEMAND DEMOCRACY AMERICA VOTE REPUBLICANS OUT OF POLITICS FOREVER
Dems should be in the halls engaging reporters on camera with this message. Fight back. We are begging you.
And the fact that they're not should tell you why we have trump. Where we're they?
Are they worried about healthcare or is this bigger and directed from the WH.
Unacceptable!
Is it illegal to stand in the hallway?  Like Trespassing or something?
Democrats need a constant media presence on TV and in print. Your message on healthcare, tax reform etc is not breaking through!
Again, I ask you what are you doing about it?
He will never answer you - sad
I don't understand how this is even allowable
Bunch of cowards.
Now what? Can this be over-ruled, and if so, how?
Knock me over with a feather
