What official steps are you taking to get an investigation running? @SenateDems @SenateGOP
.@SenBobCasey Wow look how your courageous colleagues @SenToomey & @RepMeehan are protecting national security through an investigation
Yes please and fries and milkshake with that.
I want an independent investigation into Obama and possible links to ISIS and funding them. If you want one we want the other 2
@PaulBegala Need to see his tax returns.
Yes, please pursue this type of investigation however you can! 15126
Why don't you do something constructive for your constituents like tax cuts to stimulate the economy. It's been dead for years.
@backhoeman1940 #FuckTrump #TheResistance
@ShebaRiddle5 1 (202) 225-2523 Congressman Devin Nunes is REFUSING to investigate
this is what I want to hear from my party. Hold the President accountable every step of the way.
ThankGod someone in DC has some sense! Go after this investigation.What is it going to take for you guys to get rid of this nut
YES
Please keep pushing for this!! Thanks for all you do.
Senator Casey, please sponsor The Public & Impartial Primaries Act!
thank you for pursuing this!
Gen Flynn is their scape-goat. Trump and his creepy "advisors" need to be shown the door #impeachtrumpnow
Stay on it... Thanks Please ask @SenToomey to Do the Right thing for his constituents.
weird I didn't see you blowing up my twitter feed during Benghazi or DOJ gun running or hillarys 30000 deleted emails.
Absolutely.
Sore Losers make crappy senators
you need to fix obamacare that's killed middle-class and lost your Dem base,you're in big trouble come 2018
give it a rest. You want the job? Fire you in 30 days too? #maga
YES! It's the most important thing our congress has to do at this moment. Use every avenue and don't stop!
Please, Senator, follow this lead to the end.
Go for it....they might find out some very interesting things going on during the Obama Administration and hereafter...:)
@PaulBegala DO Your JOB
completely agree. Please continue to advocate for an independent investigation!!
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Obviously, but partisanship seems to be winning out over patriotism. SAD!
And when it is traced back to the Obama administration people illegally released this info, will you condemn democrats for this
#youbetcha follow the stink
Get over yourselves already! Democrats are OUT! Stop being against America! We are very sick of you! Extremely sick of you!
ty  For being sane. This needs to be investigated fully.
thank you
Please push this! What more do we need to progress before this admin destroys our country? Enough! #flynnresignation
who can we call to pressure to make that happen?
you better question him before the Russians get him.
What did the president know, and when did he know it? #ImpeachTrump
Please push for an investigation. Russian influence on this president has been concerning since before the election.
where were you for the past 8 years?  Bengazi, Bags loads of $ to Iran, the astronomical debt that Obama ran up.
why didn't you do this with Obama Loretta Lynch Hillary
Absolutely! This call for a full investigation is not a partisan issue. It is an American issue. We need to know the truth.
maybe mention this to @jasoninthehouse
Thank you, Senator.
Since He served under Obama, you might want to investigate that. Since Obama never met face to face with him in all that time

Disappointed you seem to back Petraeus, since he's still on probation for stealing classified intel to give to his mistress.
agreed.
Nice try, @SenBobCasey  Enjoy your upcoming retirement. #RepealTheDemocrats2018
Thank you from Philly! Pretty sure 45's taxes will show massive debt to Russia& others
thank you Senator! Keep fighting for the truth!
19.5% of Rosneft (Russia's State Oil Co) sold to unknown parties. Chase this one, it is at the core of this corrupt GOP Gov
I thought leaks were "bad for democracy"? I thought that's what you guys were saying before November 8th
Thank u for pushing for full investigation! Frightening 2 think #Putin compromising our govt even to pt of influencing election
proud that you're my senator! Now get that bum #pattoomey to do his job!!!
I've thought the same since Flynn made the call in December- we need a select committee established to look into. Get 'em
Agreed! Don't give up, Trumps' M.O. is a case of "look over there, not over here!" Flynn falling on his sword is just a start.
republicans are holding a press conference on Ocare to distract from Russia. Not gonna happen - stay focused!!!
thank you for being amazing and supportive to your constituents through this troublesome time ♡
we need to know what went on during the election. Asap. Trump needs impeached
this cannot be ignored. It needs to be further investigated.
Follow the money ....
trump and Pence should be investigated.  The Mar a Lago dinner pictures tells it all.
totally agree!!!
thank you for calling for an investigation, it is desperately needed. I hope your colleagues join you.
exactly..keep up the pressure for a full investigation..I'm behind you 100%
thank you from Pittsburgh!
