Thanks for calling out lying liars on their gross mendacity. DeVos: nice lady, utterly without categories actual education.
Thank you! These cuts will devastate our public schools.
I asked U WHERE DOES OUR GASOLINE TAX GO. We pay the highest gas prices of any surrounding states. Democrat lies is what it gets
...to our roads..not that you can tell bc the roads in pa suuuuck
thank you senator Casey
Thank you Senator.  The conservatives will do everything they can to ruin out schools if people don't stop them.
don't forget fighting president trump from taking milk from daycare children lol your a sad 1
Where is "education" mentioned in the constitution? Where does the federal govt derive this power? You'd think a USsenator would know this
It isnt. But dont you think all kids should have access to quality ed?college is the path to high income.
U think the only way for kids to have access to quality ed is thru the fed?
How else? State funded maybe, but what....should it all be private? Not everyone can afford that
You wouldn't be doing this for the Teachers Union right? I'm sure it's for the kids. ROLF
Thank you @SenBobCasey!
How many of the negative comments come from teachers?
I'll say it again. PA is lucky to have Senator Bob Casey. Thank you, Senator Casey!
Come talk to the School Board of Directors for IU-13 in Lancaster, Senator. We can discuss direct negative results re #AHCA, medicare cuts.
It's easier to argue than to work. Democrat thinking process is really screwed up.
College: Expected Fam Contrib set WAY TOO HIGH. $60K for our 2 students! For middle class fam, it's ridiculous. Congress needs to fix this!
You fight? Come on. You horse trade your votes with other Senators. You stand for nothing. You follow.
@POTUS and @GOP only care that their wealthy friends get tax breaks for sending their kids to private schools.
Only the wealthy deserve education in GOP minds.  Need to keep the rest ignorant so you can feed them "alternate facts"!
Because "winning" is so much more important than Millions of lives... what an ass!
Please do. Our property taxes went up from Corbett can't afford higher ones.
I highly doubt u'll do anything at all but sit on ur butt and complain. Ur representation of the Pa electorate is embarrassing.
His cuts are heartbreaking & devastating for our children & our educators who are our champions for educating our youth!!
Thank you for being a voice of reason.
Wish @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn would fight for the kids of Texas.
Ok, so while you're dokng that, get some money for our Catholic Schools.
Why are you so afraid of change that would be good for kids. All you do is complain, you must be running for re-election in 2018
I'll be fighting with by way of educating the Community of the importance of our vote, did a great 3prt civic series on primaries inviting u
To be a guest to educate #1 the importance of voting for ALL elections not just the Presidential Election,  greatly need your help
You Dems always oppose President Trump on everything.   Why break precedence.
Bc this education plan is insane and vouchers in devos' home state have failed
Thank you, Senator Casey
THANK YOU! For this as well as standing up for America and our Constitution.
Thank you!
#PublicEducation 
best way to help is demand impeachment
Thank You, this is just horrible I. So many ways!!
@BetseyDeVos
What do u think abt NY's law? Middle class can get free tuition at state schls. Seems 2 me a way to give access to educ & cut brain drain.
Thank you.
Thats all u've  done with the Administration is fight when r u going to start fighting for ur constiuents that voted @POTUS into office n PA
Trump "Fuck the Kiddies" huh. Wow
To bad the Texas senators will be quiet
This is the way Trump makes America Great Again?  No thank you.
please. This is very important to me and my family.
You'll want to stop @SenToomey's cuts that he's trying to take from public schools. Especially since he went to private school...
What are you willing to cut?  We can't keep spending and raising the debt ceiling to cover our expenses.
Tell trump to stop wasting our money. Why hurt the kids first
Please fight.  Our public schools have issues, but at least we have a decent education.
Propaganda Bobby is at it again, folks. This guy NEVER gives the whole story. Only twists and manipulates for campaign rhetoric-VOTE HIM OUT
Thank you Senator
Then please also fight Lieberman for FBIdirector. He had a hand in her nomination
They are going to funnel every last penny that they can to their cronies running private and charters.
Fight lmao why don't you work you will get more done
Where are you @SenToomey ?
Thanks senator.  @SenToomey are you going to fight for PA Schools or side with profits/privatizing? @TuesdaysToomey
Would love an answer Senator Toomey. Haven't been a check on Trump at all since trying to distance yourself in the campaign!
@SenBobCasey fight to save the public service loan forgiveness!!
Thank you! #resist
Thank you, your work is greatly appreciated.
Thank you sir.
Thank you for standing up for Pennsylvanians, @SenBobCasey.
Please please fight!! We teachers are exhausted, we need your leadership!!
@ardeth_lewis @realDonaldTrump @washingtonpost Thank goodness him and that Hack he has fire head of Education is a completejoke
Traci you no its been quiet the orange guy is in middle east swinging from trees eating 2 scoopslovely chocolate KFCjust eating, lieing
LMAO you made me belly laugh spit out soda oh shit he's meeting his son in Dubai
I haven't seen you gotta make sure your still smiling out there 
Absolutely
Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!
I will support you for re-election also.
Please, Mr. Casey, you know we already pay high school tax here in PA and some of our districts are struggling as it is. Fight, on brother!!
please try. Him and the terrible for our public school devos.
US public school ed target for privatization by religious and corp interest for profit and social engineering! Defunded subvert child's life
You are the true MVP.
Thank you!!
Thank you! I hope that my senators @PattyMurray & @SenatorCantwell will do the same for WA state public schools
You are right, we must save our democracy as well as healthcare, education, environment, renewable energy, our future is at stake! #resist
Good 4 u Senator Bob Casey! We must stick 2gether! #Resist The whole cabinet needs to be impeached!
Making America great again means investing in the education of it's future not decimating it through funding cuts. WORST PRESIDENT EVER!
Thank you.
Big suprise senator. Trump does something . You fight it. Whatever. Blah blah blah. Its easier to obstruct than do work.
you realize if public education is cut on a federal level your taxes will go up locally to ... http://tmi.me/1fiFj0 
The state's proposal of eliminating property tax would do more harm to public school funding than @realDonaldTrump could ever do
Thank you, Senator Casey. We certainly don't need higher school taxes here in PA to make up the slack for Trump's crazy ideas.
Casey is an empty suit out for himself.He's visible now because he's afraid he's going to lose the 2018 election and will have to get a job.
The Politibears say you are such an overrated blow hard. Get creative and cut costs. Find new revenue with crushing PA's taxpayers. Not hard
Thank you Senator. I, for one believe you will.
So far you've quoted a NY, a LA, and a DC publication. Too bad you'll need Philadelphia & Pittsburgh in any bid for reelection.
Thanks Mr. Casey
Bob don't any of your local writers, the ones who have lived with you for 20 some odd years have anything to say about you? #GoDodgerBlue
You should be impeached. Obstructionist Dems are anti American scum. Trumps not going down without a fight by him & his supporters
So easy to fight against something
Much better to be fighting for
Joe Lieberman is: Counsel at firm that reps Trump & Russia's Sberbank;
Friends w/ DeVos, sister of Seychelles-Russia-meeting Erik Prince.
Thank you!
Go get 'em!
We'll be right there with you.
somebody needs to fight @realDonaldTrump ...... He & his admin ( mainly Bannon, I'd think) want to destroy the public school system
this is a good thing, if it true.. more money has not made kids smarter. better teachers is the answer. home school keeps kids from liberals
ty so much!!! it will cripple our nation to cut funding that drastically.
