@cathyde Thank you from a special needs parent! We are terrified but so thankful to have you fight for us!
Betsy DeVos donated to Trump, who's trying to pay her back in the usual Republican way.  Qualifications?  She has lots of money
She is just one more incompetent person that Mr. Trump is trying to install that should not even be considered...
Senator, are you aware of this court case? It's legit. And I'm stunned that it's gotten zero attention.
thank you @SenBobCasey. Don't give up. Our children are depending on you. 
you could have stopped a basic lack of knowledge.  She knows nothing about schools or education.
@velvetus1 Betsy DeVos has a basic lack of knowledge on everything. Period
Thank you. #holdthefloor
you rock. Keep it up! We won't let you weaken. You are our only PA voice!!!
News flash Senator from a School Psychologist - so do most teachers, principals, and school staff. #letschangetheconversation
Thank you for taking a stand.  #cabinetpositionsshouldntbebought
@realDonaldTrump has a basic lack of knowledge when it comes to federal law.  Period.
Thank you for standing up for what's right! PA voters won't forget!
Thank you for standing up for our children's education! She cannot be confirmed!
thank you for all you do to support children and families!
She'll just delete anything she doesn't understand
Thank you, Senator. You fought the good fight. #Devos
thank you for continuing fight for people with disabilities.
she wants schools for education not baby sitting.  That is what parents are for.  Forgot dems do not let parents parent.
Agreed. Thank you for standing up against nominee DeVos for Secretary of Education.
Vote Yes for DeVos.  We want Choice for our children.  You are listening to Unions and teachers instead of parents.
thank you very much, keep up the great work.
Thank you for voting no.
It's the unions you're going to bat for. Admit it and cut the BS.
Agreed (and I was certified in Special Education)!
I called your colleague @SenToomey this morning and told his answering machine just that. Let's see if he checks his messages.
@PatToomey where do you stand on DeVos? I went through statements on your website and could not find a position (PA 8th dist.)
yes, she doesn't care about the kick back you get in political contributions from the UFT!  The NEA is another problem
SHE IS CLUELESS! Completely clueless.
She had a basic lack of knowledge when it comes to education period. The only thing she has is billions of dollars.
hey man, if you run into @SenToomey in the bathroom, maybe let him know how terrible Betsy is since he won't answer the phones.
As a special ed teacher, I want to thank you for caring about our students with disabilities & being a voice for them!
I learned about the Bowling Green Massacre in my ALTERNATIVE HISTORY class taught by Betsy DeVos. Angry grizzlies were involved
You are correct and this is the most compelling reason to reject DeVos.  So disappointed in @SenToomey
Thank you Senator Casey
On behalf of special education teachers in PA, we would like to say thank you! We support and applaud your work!
.@SenBobCasey so very grateful for your leadership on this. Thank you!
right out of the Communist manifesto. Be a good little brown shirt and send them your cash
@CourtneySwans20 thank you for opposing Betsy devos.trying to get Rob Portman to do the same.she owes Ohio money so he should
Im a special education teacher. Thanks for bringing that up.
thank you. Demand excellence and refuse to settle for dangerous incompetence
Thank you senator Casey for #StopDeVos & of course supporting special need middle school kid like mine & thousands others.
CAN'T YOU CONVINCE ONE MORE REPUBLICAN TO VOTE NO??
you really could have shortened this tweet by putting a period after knowledge. #VoteNoDevos
Thanks, Senator Casey!
Keep up the good fight! #hero #NoDevos
Thank you so much!
This is ignorance personified.
you are only listening to the Unions and teachers, parents want choice, vote yes for DeVos.
How can they do it? My guess is that they are being partisan. They accuse Dems with plans to filibuster Gorsuch with the same.
And more.
This constituent thanks you for opposing the #DeVos nomination. I hope to see @SenToomey say #NoDeVos as well. #phled
Hey he is doing not hanging out at the airport
Thank you Senator for standing up for my son and so many other sons and daughters.
,@Sen Toomey Mr. Casey why do you think Pat can't see this? Power over people! Public schools deserve better
Thank you, Sen. Casey, for earning our support
Keep. It. Up. #HoldTheFloor
thank you for standing up for kids like mine.
Supporting you.
