Trump's actions, including the recent Bannon NSC move, are undermining Americans, American establishments, CORE AMERICAN VALUES.
What are you gonna do about it?
please tell us what you are going to DO Casey! Action
Trump MUST be stopped!
So you afraid of nuclear war? Answer me that. P.S. I voted for Hillary.
Because making sure Iran doesn't have nukes will lead to nuclear war? Bwahahahaha!
Like the law? 8 U.S.C. ยง 1182(f) the President may ban any alien or class of aliens from entering the United States.
But not the worse of them? At least have some class and knowledge. Saudis are the worst.
you're opinion means nothing to me, so you get some!
Got a feeling you dont have much feeling period.
they don't have the majority in Congress to do that. Need to start speaking to @GOP.
HE'S GOING AFTER JEWS NOW! READ BOTTOM: (cont) http://tl.gd/nndhje 
I know how to remove Trump and I'm praying for it and mercy on America
the GOP has the power to, as well as the obligation. They can't stand silently anymore.
I am happy to live in texas. I have a governor and senators with a spine, not like PA elected officials who are weak!
yeah, now TX is stronger because detained legal people in airports?? Almost 40 detained in Dallas. Sick
Not sick.  Just doing what can be done to keep america safe. I am blocking you. Bye Bye
@MongoFeliciano @mcuban  cant wait until Bob Casey and Ron Wolf are ran out of PA. #redstate
- so says the guy who doesn't even know the correct name of our governor
..ive been trying hard to forget the losers elected in PA.. it must be working
I thought Reps were supposed to be big constitutionalists.  Bullshit, bunch of cowards hoping to jam their own agenda through while they can
Speak Up Senator. Please!
hahaha, the sky is falling ... being american means emigrating here legally.. it's a novel concept to follow laws
Please stand up and say so on the Senate floor @mcuban
Thank you sir for speaking up!
and the United States gets to add more lawsuits to the national debt
No, Partnering not the answer. No compromising with Alt-Right. They're not interested. Nor should we be. #resist
THen do something about it. You guys can shut this down.
Hey I've got one answer for you two libiots....Germany!!!! Bob, you r a loser senator. Trump is doing the right thing!
Bob, PLEASE put your Senatorial Hold on EVERY pending nomination Trump Makes!
Bob, please get @SenToomey to show he has a backbone/ basic understanding of the constitution& speak against this crap
PA resident here. @fiverafore and I emphatically DO NOT want this executive order.
We did this in 2011, too. Gasp!
THANK YOU Sen Casey please please help save our country. Lancaster County , PA
Week in Review: Cowardly bullshit from our Reps, spineless bottom feeders. No principles, no values, no integrity.
Best I can tell Dems and Reps are a bunch of cowards so scared to lose their jobs they are willing to turn their backs on everyone.
They all turned their back on expnded background checks in the wake of Sandy Hook.  85% of Americans were 4 it
This is pathetic and cowardly. This week has been "carnage" trump's word on US and none of the GOP has the balls to stepup. Are U kidding me
So am I understanding the only way GOP reps will confront constituents tell them this is wrong?  They need validation this is shit policy?
That is where you are wrong, there is NOTHING unAmerican about protecting our borders,allowing combatants in, is. @mcuban
@RepLouBarletta @SenToomey How are we allowing @realDonaldTrump to hijack the political checks & balances?
@MongoFeliciano @mcuban Hey Bob, are you and Mark Cuban wearing vagina suits?
Our reps in Congress must get to work for US!  This is crazy town
#notmyrepublicanparty
it's not a ban. It's a moratorium to see what's what.
cmon have a spine
in 2011 the U.S. State Department stopped processing refugee requests from Iraqis for six month. What is different now?
@AndyRichter honest question, in 2011 the US State Dept stopped processing refugee requests from Iraqis for six month. What's different now?
then do something about it
no it doesn't! God didn't want America to be the Middle East!
this is not what The  stands for. Communism and fashism promotes isolation
Mark, I'm imagining Santorum's bigoted-ass answer if he still held Bob's seat and you asked him that question.  LOL.
you know what goes against America... not following US law...
Senator enough of this lunacy. At what point do you & your colleagues stand up to this mentally unbalanced jerk?? SMH!!
OK so please begin a plan of action!  Mobilize other members with you.
I bet if it were Christians instead of Muslims you would have already acted. Shame on you. Congress has no backbone.
#AmericaFirst
action, please. Signed - a constituent.
Everyone lets not pile on 1 Senator. Instead we will fight and we will take names & remember at the ballot box!!!
haven't heard a peep from u senator
Thank you Senator!!! Toomey and Meehan haven't responded to my requests for their stance yet.
then do something about it, Senator. Will you? Or is it all talk? How is having full GOP control feel now? Good?
DO NOT aid and abet the crumbling of MY children's future America. MY CHILDREN & YOUR Grandchildren.
thank you for representing PA, and true values of our country.
DO SOMETHING...NOW...THIS IS DANGEROUS, TRUMP IS DANGEROUS
I am happy we have @POTUS to keep America safe! Yes you will thank him in the end!
Thank you senator for defending real American values.
thank you Senator.
So where are they?
Thank you, Senator Casey, for having a spine & a voice. It matters, it really counts & it is really needed.
then go there, you are responsible, for this shit.
good for you senator. this is awful.
what will Congress do about it?
Action. This is what our soldiers have died for. Many dying breaths have been taken thinking "at least USA is good".
Actions speak louder than words Senator.
you won't do shut. Just like all politicians. All talk no back bone. Who funded your campaigns? G Sachs? Wells Fargo?
Want to do something, remove him from office
Senator Casey, what are you going to do?
expand the ban to Saudis then we'll see who's got skin the game.
trump has business interests there. He isn't going too
that's got nothing to do with it.
funny how no bans on countries where trump has business relations.
PLEASE get your party members to help END this. The flag is burning before our eyes.
DO SOMETHING, BOB
Yell it out loud you do not agree!
this is the Anti Christ just look at what he is really doing it's so Immoral!!!
as I keep watching the development in the CNNLive , just want to thank all u who voted for him, hope your happy....
I'm not gettin the hysteria. Moritorium, not ban. US took the same action in 2011.
yes but not to this extent without notice and most importantly we are Not At War Bud?
That's the funniest thing I've heard all day.  You have any friends with kids deployed? Tell them.
OMG!  Canada too?!?!?  Surely, not Canada!!!
I am glad to hear you say that.
PLEASE DO SOMETHING, NOT JUST TALK
So does holding up a caBet for a new President
Please fight this and other sweeping presidential misuses of power.
hahahha  they already are irrelevant>>@SenBobCasey @mcuban It's not like this was s surprise...it's what the people voted for
many republicans are surprised, in fact.  Many thought they were voting for economic reasons
makes sense, however I won't be turning away allies even if they come at 11th hour
for reasons I don't understand, I think they are weighing political cost
there is a vey vocal % of electorate that DEFINITELY support this and ABSOLUTELY vote in 18
Thank you, Senator Casey. (From a constituent in Bethlehem, PA.)
thank you!
