Please vote in favor of Judge Neil Gorsuch. We are sick & tired of the political power plays going on in DC.  Hes a good choice
So good all eight sitting Supreme Court Justices just ruled against one of his decisions
And you dont think thats more than a little convenient? He has a 97% uphold rate
Are you really suggesting that the entire Supreme Court engaged in a conspiracy against him?
Im saying the TIMING of the case being decided on is suspect.
Bless your heart.
...HE does daily.  No need for your sarcasm.
if you make it about Rs or Ds you don't represent me.
As far as I am aware, there are 0 Dems supporting this Health Bill.. that would make it R's by default.  @SenBobCasey
#discourseandcomprimise #whatwepayallofthemfor
no I pay to have representation for my best interests and everyone I care about.
are my views and those of my neighbors less valuable than yours?
no but if you are ok with harming human beings by law, I will never agree with you
wait wait this from a Dem....harming human beings seriously?
yes seriously.  I have never harmed a soul.  Trying desperately to help others.
How about you make it about the PLAN, not the LETTER??? Whats good for the ppl regardless of letter for a change. I watch !!
u coming to the western part of the state or just the Philly District. We understand how easily u get lost when out of ur zone
it's so much more than Medicaid cuts...
YOU JAMMED OBAMACARE ONTO THE AMERICAN PEOPLE. You are a despicable hypocrite.
thanks, Senator Casey!
@MissLin68640163 work to keep Medicaid strong!
great job #AmericanPeoplefirst
thank you for all your work on this! We are one of those families, cuts will greatly impact my child with rare genetic disease
what is your plan to help those who may be hurt by this? If it passes of course. Talking and taking action r 2 different things
just continue to let obummercare fail and collapse then obumer and the democrats will come begging trump to do something...
Bob.. U and ur Democrat cronies are ruining America..quit being part of the problem for once in 8 years
THANK YOU SENATOR CASEY.  YOU ARE A LIGHT IN THE DARKNESS.  This had been a nightmare since November 8th and before. Scary.
Thank you. I am one of your constituents, and will die without health insurance.
health insurance won't do any good when you die anyway. We die sometime. Have a heart attack in middle nowhere.
Bobby, are you at all worried about the cost of senior prescriptions, given the fact of all the money the pay you in bribes???
to bad nobody could find you when Obamacare was rammed down our throats.
did you not also do the same thing with your bill that created this mess? Got to pass it to know what's in it. Remember???
You have selective amnesia. You voted for obamacare that was jammed through congress.
Where were you when Obama jammed through HIS healthcare scheme??  Don't pat yourself on the back so fast.
EOULD SOMEONE TELL ME WHERE IN CONSTITUTION EVERYBODY PROVIDES HEALTH INS FOR EVERY1? THE ESTABLISHMENT CLAUSE DONT COVER THIS
Are they pro baby when it comes to prenatal care?
like you did with Obama care. The fake outrage is annoying.
The wealthiest, strongest country in the world can afford to transfer  ABUNDANT resources for DOD to American's basic health.
*raises hand* I'll meet with you!
Please vote no on trumpcare. We seniors can't afford rate hikes on a fixed income.
thank you Senator for ur hard work on our behalf!
please vote against Gorsuch. Frozen trucker case alone shd disqualify, but mainly I don't want Trump to fill a #StolenSeat.
when you are next in Pittsburgh, I would love to introduce you to my little boy
Thank you! We're lucky to have you as our Senator.
thank you
Thank you for fighting for our healthcare and fighting for people with disabilities
please be present for any votes on AHCA!!
Thank you Senator Casey.
just like when Obamacare was jammed through? Why don't you talk to the people harmed by the increase in medicaid taxes?
how about meeting with Americans who can't afford to live anymore b/c they are taxed for everyone else? No taxation w/o represe
thank you for caring about long term effects on people in PA
, wife had brain surg=disabled now. Lost everything to bankruptcy and foreclosure. Had to move in with fam.
denied 4x's by SSA. Make 2 much on LTD to get Medicaid. She can't see neurosurgeon in Pittsburgh.
y is it so hard to work together? Stop the obstruction & party politics. We're one country. Work to make things good for ALL
u, Shumer, Pelosi, sanders, Feinstein warden are all done. Obamacare is ur legacy and u are going down with it.
u screwed us and u can be sure u will not get 1 Repub vote in 2018. Being a red state, your career is finished. This is promise
Let's elect Rick Saccone in 2018
never mind. It's over. We get stuck with obamacare and we will promise to get u out of office and never hold any office again!
Please help our families who rely on MA for school services and wraparound services for disabled children.
won't be at that meeting but add me to the list.
When will you meet with residents being harmed by lack of choices we pay for - those of us on ACA with no help...fewer choices!
you are always willing to meet and listen to constituents! You represent us! Any idea where @SenToomey went???
Thank you for all you do for Pennsylvanians.
Don talk about "jamming thru" after what I saw with O'Bama care and how it thru.
Thank you for protecting our care!
Like Obama & company didn't jam their scheme thruogh.  Do the words "we have to pass the bill to see what's in it" ring a bell
thank you!!!!! Someone who actually CARES and meets without rolls. We  you!
invite @RepRyanCostello  to join you, please.
with any luck the ACA stands let's get on with tax reform make sure the rich pay their fair share get rid of loopholes
After your done lying to them make sure you tell them that should be a state program instead of unconstitutional Fed program.
So we shouldn't worry then...COZ the Senate will stop Spicer' s #Plan A (Awful) #realPA #morningjoe
Thank You, keep at it
Healthcare scheme? I think you have Republicans confused with democrats...."IF YOU LIKE YOUR DOCTOR:."Who keeps voting for you?
@IndivisMainLine APPRECIATES YOUR #Trumpcare #novote PROMISE
Thanks for doing that, @SenBobCasey
You're the greatest. So proud you're my senator!
Thank you, Senator Casey!
you have hell of nerve saying "jam".... How did the D's do it or do you suffer selective amnesia
you can add my son to the list. Currently his secondary but primary when he ages out
If it Passes, 2018 Campaign slogan will be Repeal Trumpcare/Ryancare and bring back Obamacare!!!
thank you for standing up for us!! #realPA
Why don't you want to meet with those of us who Obamacare hurt?
Please don't forget our disabled children. Services, treatment, specialists, meds, $$$ Medical bankruptcy is not a solution.
Use the law, but use it lawfully.
thank you
but the Obama health ins scam u & @TheDemocrats implemented along with all those hurt by it was perfectly alright w/ u
please keep fighting sir
Thank You for standing up for  your constituents. Don't let this bill live on! Stop it if it gets to the @SenateDems
If you cut the illegal PA property tax for public ed. those who need Medicaid will afford to buy more health care. 
This bill will not pass.
with all due respect sir, you're going to need a MUCH bigger venue.
.@SenBobCasey Thanks again, Senator. Meanwhile, Mr. Toomey is nowhere, doing nothing for PA.
Thank you! Keep doing all you can.
Thank you for fighting so hard and doing your job with such integrity. Stay the course! #SavetheACA
where at. I'd love to be there wheelchair bond
you actually mean stirring up trouble which is what you liberals do best scare tactics & identity politics #NobamaNoGood
Thank you for your No votes on #Trumpcare and #gorsuch - as a #realPA voter, I'm grateful to see you put #pa over party.
You have many constituents beyond Medicaid who are suffering under Ocare but you choose not to help them. Will remember in 18.
Thank you. Medicaid pays for care aides that enable thousands of PA disabled & elderly to remain at home.
Thank you for taking care of us.
where?
Thank you, Senator.
And the absent Mr. Toomey? MIA as usual? Thank you for efforts!
Thank you . And please stand strong on holding the seat for @MerrickGarland_   # Resist  #SaveHisSeat
Hey! the next time you pass Nunes in the hall, shoot him the middle finger for me! Thanks!
by the way I am one of your constituents! Thanks again!
Thank you for your hard work! We appreciate you fighting for our rights!
proud of your leadership
Thank you!
Listen to the democrat talk about healthcare schemes... Especially when he gets better healthcare than the rest of the country...
. THEY ALL DO
Yes. And thanks to the Cadillac tax in obomacare (that Casey voted for) my decent employer provided ins went to hell
please continue to resist this travesty of a "healthcare" bill. (See, I know how to properly use quotation marks.)
the only plan I want is Free Market
Get govt out of health insurance.
Tired of paying for leechers!
We must REJECT this awful legislation.
Thank you! I'm grateful for your efforts.
thank you. You care about us. We see you.
thanks for listening and trying to make PA residents' lives better
Their plan sucks and Dems was worse. What do you recommend?
please find leaders with a spine to say No!
I wish we all had your healthcare plan. It would be nice to only have to work one week next month.  Enjoy my tax dollars...
Get @SenToomey on board and work jointly for all Pennsylvanians. And don't lose sight of #Trumprussia .
TY for your hard work to #SAVEACAinpa. #RealPA needs real #healthcare & we are so grateful to u for helping #ProtectOurCare.
Bob voters are with you
thank you!! 
Clearly ExPObama Obamacare is horrible & the American ppl deserve everyone on point to fix this. If u dont want to help,
Resign
my sister has MS. Trump care changes her life drastically. Conservative Christian kindness is neither Christian nor kind.
thank you for being on the right side of this. If Rs had a plan that truly lowered costs and improved care, then fine.
but they're a one trick pony. Cut taxes for the top, preventative care, mammograms, and the like will surely trickle down
Don't forget me who saw my costs go up 50pct a year. 2015 I had no care for 5 mo because I couldn't afford it
so sad
thank you Senator Casey! I'm glad we have one senator working for the people of PA.
keep at it, @SenBobCasey! we support you!
Obamacare was clearly the scheme.Why cant u be bigger man & work together or atleast offer ur input. U shouldnt talk until then
How come u didn't feel that way about Obamacare when the architect clearly lied to the American ppl!

http://amp.dailycaller.com/2016/10/26/oba …
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump hard to imagine how crappie AHCA is becoming with all the slime getting added. Fix ACA
still clinging to the job killing Obamacare disaster. Time to get rid of hackjob Bob!
Thank you for fighting for us!
If by scheme you mean scam....
how about drafting a Senate version of HR676 Medicare for all and supporting it!
Thank you sir! Please don't let them exclude monies for mental health/d&a treatment!
when they pass their legislation, what can you (we) do to help PA?
Thank you for taking the time to see the real results of policy.
I would suggest Dems call #GOP Cruel and dangerous plan #Wealthcare
Bob, PLEASE! Work together. We all need real solutions. We don't all qualify for Medicaid. We can't afford to cover illegals!
Wish I could have a chat with you, as a provider I have significant concerns about my clients who need help losing coverage
I feel the same about talking with you to share my story. How can I make that happen? Thank u for support and care.
.@SenBobCasey Will you stand up for #PlannedParenthood ?
.@AnnelieseDoris .@SenBobCasey time to turn up the heat! #protectourPlannedParenthood  #ProtectOurDemocracy #StandUp for #reproductivehealth
maybe T-rump's threats will have a reverse effect on the vote? Maybe? PLEASE???
were
#ImpeachTrump
