They have been law-abiding residents who have learned English, paid taxes and secured jobs that support themselves and their families.
Our government promised them that they would be protected if they came forward and now President Trump is breaking that promise.
President Trump’s action today is an insult to America and our values. It is unjust, immoral and without regard for basic fairness.
Tearing apart the lives of these young people will make our nation less safe, and harm our economy.
According to the @CATOInstitute, deporting DACA recipients would cost more than $60 billion.
And would result in a $280 billion reduction in economic growth over the next decade.
.@ITEPtweets estimates that the 1.3 million young people enrolled in or eligible for DACA pay $2 billion each year in state and local taxes.
It’s clear that the GOP is not serious about fixing illegal immigration, securing our border and reforming our immigration system.
Instead, their only plan is to deport 11 million individuals, including 790,000 Dreamers.
Congress should move immediately to pass the bipartisan Development, Relief, and Education for Alien Minors (DREAM) Act,
which would allow the Dreamers to become permanent residents if they meet the very stringent qualifications outlined in the bill.
I think you should read the Constitution that you pledged to defend instead of undermining it by whoring yourself for votes.

No, it's following the law, unlike what left-wing fascists are trying to get away with.  Grow up and be an adult!
Yep. Bot
Why do we have to feel sorry for the illegals in this country we have people who were born here with no chance at a good future  wrong
They are adults they should have a path to citizenship. But not benefits that are not offered to poor American kids!
Well then stop tweeting and fix it. Address the immigration issues while you are at it. We've been waiting since Reagan's amnesty in 80's
Stop...
Thank you Sen Casey! Please help congress permanently protect DACA
What have you done to help them since you were elected?
Illegally
because their illegal parents had them here. We need to worry about our own USA children n their education n rights
Our people. Speak volumes we are so dismayed at seeing what leadership has become that is the saddest of all
This person who sits as our president shame
This makes no sence.  Anyone here working paying taxes has as much right as any of us
Illegally, Bob!!!!!!
They can dream somewhere else
Why have they not become legal.  Their parents also.  Then they have a right to stay here.
DACA is a process to help them become legal. It takes time just like any path to citizenship. #googleit
Illegal by the law!!!!!
Then do your job, Change the law or stop talking.
thank you for the info. Please push for a vote to protect Dreamers.
And ur point is?? Are u saying the heck with the children of TAXPAYING Americans? Our taxes should go to these 'children'? Pfft
Stop crying and pass a bill to fix it then.  You have six months.
Then why didn't you do anything about it for 5 years -it is on you Bobby
You forgot illegally. I'm sure it was just an oversight.
You mean the ILLEGALS
ILLEGALLY!!! Do your job, Casey!
do ur job if what to do something about it..my god u people r lazy!!!!!
@SenBobCaseyIt's so sad to see a nation some young talented brains and kids hoped it was gonna be their haven suddenly become their hell
Thank you @SenBobCasey work hard and fast. These are our neighbors and friends. Enough of the heartlessness out this horrible administration
Illegal is illegal.
So you advocate breaking the law?? The parents can show the kids their homeland. Don't like it? Change the law instead of bitching about it.
Illegally!
Bob Casey is the man. 
Man? More like the Mouth that tried to roar......much ado speaking, no action!!!!
Thank you for your leadership and for making a stand against DJT's senseless decision!
With his big Swampy mouth, no less!!!!!
What he is doing is making you guys legislate that's your job remember? ..
Good luck on re election
All  lives matters okay
https://talkpoverty.org/basics/ 
http://www.alternet.org/election-2016/45-million-americans-live-poverty-you-wouldnt-know-it-watching-2016-coverage …
They had plenty of time to get their shit straight didn't they. Too late now
But they broke the law. You're a member of Congress. Submit a bill and pass it. The President ENFORCES the laws not makes them
How did they get here???
Illegally, and still illegal!!!!!!
ILLEGALLY! You sir, are part of the PROBLEM and not fulfilling your oath of office and should step down!
Illegally you might add
It's about time you congressmen get off your butts and actually do some legislation instead of relying on illegal Presidential Exec Orders!
Illegally!
Green cards 4 illegal alien children is "surest way to guarantee a never-ending supply" of smuggled children
Sen Casey- Please work hard to pass Dreamers Act legislation fast!
The Constitution was ignored by Obama. We have laws under the Constitution & Obama broke them. Get your logic straight!
And your point is...?
Please help!
Do something legally Bob, or do you even know the difference in legal or illegally????!!!!
Senator, remember Trump's illegal Muslim ban? Why does he hate people souch?
*much
@realDonaldTrump can't get his very small, racist brain around what DACA folks are! & even more racist @jeffsessions is feeding him bull!
Brought here ILLEGALLY by their parents. If my parents say it's ok to steal so I steal until adulthood, I get off the hook right?
What don't you understand about being an illegal immigrant? Most European countries don't have DACA either. U R A Dreamer?!
Let's exile @realDonaldTrump!!  Now, we're talking!!!  Ahhh, Melanie??
Exile you with the dreaming illegals!!!!
We'll see who's voted out!! Say good-bye!...LOTS of friends in TX & I'll be there campaigning AGAINST you!!  Racists need to go..Casey!!
You forgot to mention that most did so 'illegally'.
IF they want to live her, then BECOME A  LEGAL U.S. CITIZEN!!
Howewver, their ILLEGALLY here, as well as their parents, so this UNCONSTITUTIONAL act needs to end!! 1/2
Then you and your colleagues should of fixed this in the last 5yrs! U failed!! Now you're at work start drafting a bill and get to work!
ILLEGALLY.
You and your colleagues should be doing something instead of all the talking!
Exactly, and contrary to popular belief, I think that is what POTUS is trying to force here.
Call for impeachment
Please help us fight this. What can we do?? And thank you for all you've done ...
They also contribute more to our society than any deplorable POS
And you should be voted OUT TAKE IT TO THE POLLS PEOPLE
Then you better fix it, hadn't you, Senator? 

cc: @JohnCornyn @tedcruz @PeteSessions
Sad day! Hate wins today but #LoveTrumpsHate #RESIST #Persist #NotMeUs
They need to be granted citizenship.
Earn it!!!!
so what? illegal is illegal.
Bot
Then have congress put a bill on the president's desk.
Bi-partisan legislation needed to give DACA young people opportunity for citizenship.  Focus then must be on reasonable immigration policy.
Yeah they grew up living off of my tax dollars for free I'm tired of freaking freeloaders in this country of any nationality
Well that's not true. They pay taxes. And "your taxes" will be used to deport them. But hey, you do you.
I guess Bob represents illegal immigrants not the working class people in Pennsylvania
And you are willfully ignorant of the truth.
A 100 years old no mercy deport them all idc if they come back legal but all illegals need to go

Can I get a thank u from them bc my taxes is allowing them to travel
NO proof of this.
And Bob UR a senator not the president that means UR job is to shut up and take orders all illegals need to b deported  from 1 day old to
His job is to create laws that show the rest of the world a beacon of goodness comes from the US, unlike what Donnie Jay as been doing.
No no no that's not his job his job is to work make this country better 2 make this country safe and to make we the ppl succeed in many eays
AGain willful ignorance on how one qualifies for DACA.  Your lack of knowledge on the program shows your just a white supremacist.
You will be out of work bob you suck, you don't defend the people of Pennsylvania you have your own agenda
Eew, a cowboy #PutinBot
Weren't illegals, tge American children are the ones losing, education, jobs, everything because of a bunch of wetbacks
Holy shit.
AG Sessions & @POTUS have endangered an entire population, empowered bigots, sided w/racists & eroded our values by farce they call law.
1)You do realize that these people came to America illegally do you not? But I guess you determine what the laws are, right? You're the-
2)-one who determines which laws are followed or not? These people came to America thinking the first thing they can do is break our laws...
3)I know a man named Columbres who is a legal immigrant. He despises illegal immigrants and Dreamers. Because he did it right.
4)So before you call us bigots and racists, think about the legal immigrants, and tell me illegal immigration is fair, or lawful.
5)You can't. Get off of your high horse. These people are illegals and don't deserve citizenship in our country. If someone is willing-
6)-to go through the system legally then by all means they are welcomed. But illegal immigrants have no place here
That money can go to making our schools better
You mean the billions the US will lose by deporting DACAs? That money?
No more free rides the money that was going to the single moms that struggle and that can't get assistance bc she might make A few $$ over
That money can go to our homeless the ones that's trying to get on their feet
#PA's @SenBobCasey reacting to @USAGSessions' remarks on #DACA
Lately there have been more of these spam accounts on every single reply.
And what about our children. And there dreams as they get shattered by illegals, my children lost chance to go college because they
Bot.
This is absolutely disgusting. Keep fighting the good fight, Senator Casey.
He ain't doing anything but running his mouth!!!!
a killer also lived in this country all their life, should they not go to prison?
Another #PutinBot

Ok and that just tells me they had that long to get a green card and we expect a thank u bc were allowing them to see another country
You know zero about DACA.
I know I don't don't really care to know I'm not a immagrant I was born here and it not my job to help them we give billions in foreign aid
No proof of this
What will you do about it?
Act now.
#deportmelania
Attacking children is about as low as it gets.
You do realize it doesn't protect just children. Do you not? It protects all illegal immigrants
It also creates a loophole that illegally grants citizenship, even though DACA does not give legal status to illegal immigrants.
