There are not “many sides” to a terrorist attack. White nationalists fueled this attack and they must be held accountable.
Antifa was an integral part of this problem as well.  Takes two sides to have a fight.
Anti-Fa didn't come with automatic weapons, body armor, and lighted torches. One side came packing. The "other side" came praying.
Praying with bats and blow torches in their hands?  That's rich.  Both sides came for a fight and they got one.  Sad day for US.
Guess you didn't see the automatic weapons, body armor & flaming torches carried by the White Supremacists? Planned a long time 4 a fight.
No one is saying they were right and no automatic weapons were there. Semi auto yes automatic no.
That makes it so much better, right Kevin?. Also Brian, you are on the wrong side of this. Why are you supporting Nazi's? Why are you Kev?
Not supporting Nazis.  Why are you supporting the thugs on the other side?  I dislike both sides equally!  Both were and are wrong!
The president is correct the group that had the permit was legal. Who were people on the othet side?
He didn't have a permit. Kessler is the organizer and says it himself
You're back to pretending you care about people so you can get reelected.   You're in it for the paycheck and the benefits.   You're no hero
Sad,  very sad!!! I'm growing tired of this fight!!!!
Sometimes it is best to keep your mouth shut.
@SenToomey @RepCharlieDent Can PA please unite over this?  Can you all with others from PA stand together, in one spot and condemn 1/7
this division at @POTUS? My children’s hears are breaking. My 9yr old asked to go to DC this summer, she did because she is searching 2/7
*heart not hears
Bob I know you are a far left Liberal but do actually think that the left dressed in helmets with ball bats and sticks to do nothing, sorry
Thank God for our @POTUS
It appears that DT is still a racist and ignorant buffoon.
As a constituent in Pittsburgh PA, I implore our legislative branch to begin the impeachment process. #treason #objus #depravity
A wise man knows their is two or more sides to a story. Pennsylvania  leaders obviously are not wise
Hate is hate senator, and by you not acknowledging that, your as bad as any.
#ImpeachTrump
And by pointing this out, this is productive how?
Is this part of Armageddon is he part of the Antichrist
Mommy I believe I'll president is on the wrong track for the United States of America sat down and talk to me
Could you please introduce a motion to censure him? Publicly put him on notice, for Senate Republicans to come out against him and WS
@RepBrendanBoyle bring it up in the House too (censure). It's easy to get on twitter and say "concerned" let's do something about it please
As one of your constituents please do something about this mad man in the oval office
Seems to me he has about 5 or 6 different personalities
Lets take down statue of vile slave master Andrew Jackson N Lafayette Square founder modern day Dem party How about Robert Byrd's building 2
#ImpeachTrumpNow
You are a "horrible moment in history"@realDonaldTrump @POTUS
The citizens of the USA will not let you speak for us...locally or globally!  #resignorbimpeached
Trump is right.  There would have been no violence if the nationalists legal right to demonstrate had been respected without provocation.
Trump needs mental help...and the ppl of the United States need help from Trump
I DONT THINK HE EVER LEFT
He truly only believes in showing one side: his rear end.
Maybe you should stick to keeping quiet and do your job to help hurting Americans. Dribble like you and your Democrat minions are killing us
"Both sides"...
It was many sides. What were you watching? Both sides were primed for a confrontation. But you're towing the party line, good boy.
Thank you Sen. Casey.. for having morals & an understanding of right & wrong.... and for speaking truth to power on behalf of PA
He never left that mindset sir!  He read some words off a TelePrompTer. Today is what he really is.  Please can we get him out yet???
Today he made it clear he is the Nazi -in-chief.  Please Senator, get that Nazi out of the Oval Office!
Imo, he didn't depart. His remarks yesterday were meant to apply to Nazi's, KKK etc AND those opposing - Miller's cynical "cute" crafting.
Agree! Just cause he was on script!
Yes because that's where he really stands which we already knew. Supports Nazis not all Americans. No two sides on this one. Sorry Donald.
That's not what I got when he spoke the first time! Remember who votes for u! U all need term limits!
That's it, that's the best u got? Save it either stand up to him or stay down! No more BS it's done! If ur that weak shut the hell up!
There's only one acceptable side and Trump will never be on it.
I know where you stand, but can't you reason with your R colleagues? Why don't we hear R senators use @realDonaldTrump name when denouncing?
Not surprising. He showed us who he was a long time ago. Keep fighting for justice Senator Casey!
Yeah, like the sun "appears" in a flaming ball of plasma every Goddamn day.
T  gets death threats from his  base - wen he makes any remarks tht thy don't lik, thy r a rabid- zombies.
He would have done well if he didn't open his s mouth again today.
Of course, besides we know his speech yesterday was staged. Why? He used the word Egregious. Probably had to practice that word a few times.
So it does.
He is a disgrace. Every single day.
There's two sides. Left and right. Trump is more on point than virtue signalling gobshites. WN did no such thing. Antifa did. Again.
Trump's a danger to our country. Gotta get him out of office before he does more damage.
And he's right!
There are sides......you just have to get off your political high-horse to see it.
You will be defeated soon @coach_tricia
And the TRUTH set set you FREE

Get him out!
Sure sounded like the Nazi side from here.
Please start articles of impeachment. No sane sitting president would have said the things Trump said today in that press conference.
There was more than one side.  KKK, BLM, Antifa  are all vile
Get him out! 25th amendment, jail or a one way ticket to Russia!!!!
That's all u have to say about it?
How do we bring the country to its senses? Plain old everyday normal regular people are scared out of their minds by this president.
It's about time
So speak up to your colleagues!! Especially the GOP who are turning a blind eye & ear to what 45 is saying & doing.
Senator, WHEN will Congress act? What would it take?? This man is unhinged and dangerous. Enough is enough.
#IMpotus
Time to impeach him. He is a Nazi sympathizer and traitor.
How could Republicans not denounce him? The entire country thinks they are ALL racists
And then some! The white nationalists/neo-Nazis have some very fine people?! Wtf crack is he on?
He never left it! He's got to go!!!
If you read his statement yesterday carefully he never really left that position
And now we know, with certainty, which side 45 sits on.

Hint: It's the same side his father was on.
We must remove Donald Trump from office legally as soon as we can. Please take action!
Senator we need a strong voice to pull us up out of this mess.We need a leader. America weeps! Who will take this on? I am in tears. #WeWeep
45 is a NIGHTMARE!
#ImpeachNow
Bob, antifa uses attacks and vandalism to squelch the voice of their opponent, however despicable they may be. That's not protected by 1A
Most of us can contemplate 2 ideas at 1 time    Racists terrible & Antifa Terrible
Did you fall for his second speech given with a wink-wink to the KKK/ Nazi party?
Your surprised Senator. Please tell me that U have figured out that @realDonaldTrump has serious mental issues. @PatToomey won't 
He never left that side.  We all know he never created the message denouncing the attacks and only did so at the pressure of his advisers.

This man is outrages he never should have been sworn in! it is clear blacks r the only people that keep being insulted in America! Sad!
You know he never left "both sides".
#RacistNazi 
Where were you when Baltimore was burning? Where were you on Berkeley? No speeches from you then. You are a grandstander and that's all.

When the Nazi & white supremacist show up with automatic weapons, yeah they were just innocents until the poster carrying folks scared them.
It appears he forgot to take his meds this morning.
The classic redirect that he is infamous for.
He's disgusting.
I hope your working hard to make him disappear.
The President is right. ANTIFA and BLM started the violence, hands down. You can try to twist it, but us that were there know the real truth
bot
Lol! Whatever.
Nothing he says makes any sense. He doesn't even know what he's saying.
If the House doesn't start #ImpeachTrumpAndPence I don't know what it's going to take #Charlottesville #Russia #NorthKorea #Venezuela
He's insane. Deranged. Etc. And you've been smart enough to oppose him all along.
I don't know what surprises me more: the stupid stuff he says, or that he doesn't know when to shut the heck up. #thinskin #mental-illness.
Can y'all please do something about him?
@SenJohnMcCain It appears the Senate needs to reconvene and address fascism
Wow.  Not sure why I continue to be shocked by his words. And he used this platform to promote his winery and lie about its size
How about trying to bring the country together instead of constantly attacking @realDonaldTrump
So DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT, Bob!! Introduce impeachment talks. Do it, or stop whining about it. DO SOMETHING, for fuckssake.
It's time to impeach him. PLEASE
Only one side drove a car into innocent people
Of course. That's why no one believed he meant his speech yesterday. We knew he'd backtrack KKK criticism.
Yep. 45 is arguing like a drunk in a bar.
dear senator you need to have a real discussion with your republican friends.  This is scary and embarrassment for country
This is simply despicable Senator.
Please stop this! He is scary and clueless thinking that Jobs will stop Racism.
He is so nuts. And so out of it. You gotta get him out of there.
Enough!!Where was Obama when the 1st news report of ISIS cut off mans head?golf course! & at baseball game in Cuba when tragedy struck here!
It appears he's lost his f'n mind!
Can you just go punch him in the throat?
He's a full blown white supremacist and he needs to go NOW #ImpeachTrumpNow
IMPEACH!!! The longer he stays in office , the more damage he causes!!! He's ruining our Country!!! #impeach
He answers to his base,  does he not?   traditional hate groups are his peeps.
He's folding like an accordion.
He's probably off script again. He didn't look happy reading Monday's statement on #Cville tragedy. Couldn't blame #nazis #kkk #ws #altright
He can make a statement condemning Nazis even without knowing the "facts". He is again greenlighting #WhiteSupremacists as he always has
Sad how the GOP voted all his men in and was working with him!
He needs help IMMEDIATELY
I am proud to have you as my Senator. Please make sure your colleagues keep fighting for the future and not the past.
He is not well
Yesterday was his "hostage" statement. He was required to say it by the grown-ups around him. Move for impeachment NOW!
Trump clearly believes that the white supremacist marchers are the moral equivalent of those protesting them. This guy has no moral center.
Because he meant it the first time...
His forced statement wasn't genuine.
That was just the most shameful presser display from a president i've ever seen. Shocking actually.
seems like it might even be worse. at last it was "vague" before, now it's "alt-left" and "the Nazis" are both to blame, equally. terrible.
Of course he is. Proof that he didn't mean what he said yesterday. He is a vile human being.
Senator, every single day that Bannon, Miller, & Gorka remain in the W.H. is an assertion that hate resides there. They must be fired.
Anyone that believed that nonsense the other day, was kidding themselves. He's a horrible human being. THAT WON'T CHANGE!
Trump is once again using his many ways to bailout himself attempts to cover it up!
There was many sides.. What video dis you watch that you didnt see #Antifa members attacking??? Are you going to disavow #Antifa Mr Casey???
Trump needs to go asap
He gots to go!
Help us!
and how.
Mob rule in Durham by your Democratic-Fascists
Proving his teleprompter message yesterday was a joke.
And JOBS are going to fix race relations???
Actually he has picked a side and it isn't against the white supremacists!!!!!
What's embarrassing is that other nations are watching this!
Which planet are you living on?
Thanks for the laugh!
seems it is even worse than that. Please remove this horrid scum from our country!
