Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
Thanks for continuing the fight! PA needs you, and appreciates it
Exactly
The only healthcare that appeals to Democrats is socialized medicine.
Not true.
Then again, no healthcare for the poor is what @GOP supports.
Ridiculous and thoughtless.
Educate yourself on the bill.
You're the one trying to cheap shot all Democrats.
#OustSenBarasso aka #SenBarassH0!e
Yep, all these little bits where GOP admits what their bill really does will be on continuous loop for 2018.
And someone like this POS is gonna decide who will suffer or live?
I watched this...this Trumpanzee pivoted like Tim @DuncanRelief in the post right to Obamacare every single time. #Resistance
How in the world did these idiots get elected? Screw everyone else so long as they are protected from their man made disasters, right?
Typical Greed Over People #Kocholded by their masters. I got mine the rest of you meh...
tic-toc-tic-toc- don't forget how you got into office... you wont be a public servant forever. you're gonna be JUST A SERVANT. PUPPET BOY-
You pushing through a bill for your own egos. No discussion with Americans, no cost analysis, no debate with peers. Shame on all of you!
@LindseyGrahamSC @realDonaldTrump  @GOP fake Christians who support him are complicit in death of millions Of older poorer &sick Americans!
Thanks for protecting our health care! Just called ur Philly office to thank, I always get a person when I call!
What is missing is that the middle class is stuck with high premiums and no coverage. My daughter is paying $1100 and has a $12000 ded.
We have to fight. Make calls, email, tweet ect. But we have to start voting them out! Getting seats flip is high priority! They're sick!
Doctor from Wyoming claims patients should not have essential health care benefits?
Dr of patient genocide????
I'm one of your constituents @SenBobCasey 
Thank you for fighting for us. You have been doing an amazing job. Please keep fighting.
Don't let it happen, Senator. Use every procedural tool possible to delay a vote.
Barrasso's another surgeon who's not worth a bucket of warm spit.
@nlfisker @SenateGOP @ndrew_lawrence The GOP is morally bankrupt. Their rabid "pro-life" stance is a farce. Pure evil.
Brought to you by the senator from a state that needs guns in schools to prevent grizzly bear attacks... no wonder our government is broken
What an unAmerican sentiment!!!  Don't we look out for each other here?!?
And he was a rude asshole during the interview I believe some of these big shots never were on the receiving end of a punch in the nose
.@lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @senrobportman #trumpcareKILLS
@IrisRimon @SenateGOP @ndrew_lawrence vote him out ASAP. Horrible man. #saveaca
#JustDieAlready
I'll settle for a broken leg that keeps him off the Senate floor until 10/2/2017 at least.
I was referring to the obvious GOP healthcare policy for poor people.
uh... i knew that. (DOH!)
Who raised these hurtful GOP Senators? These Senators are all angry ,terrible, people. They seem to take pleasure in hurting people.
…like a Presidential tongue on lovely, unsuspecting journalists.
GOP loves top 1%
Despises the rest of us.

V. O. T. E.    O. U. T.    T. H. E.    G. O. P.
What the fuck is wrong with these people???  The worst of humanity followed by the folks that vote for this trash
The basic premise is 'to gut healthcare' that a black man put in place who's acknowledged that #ACA isn't perfect but can be made better
@SenJohnBarrasso is a MD.
We do not need the federal government to govern our health care!
Says the guy who get a check and healthcare from the government 
I pay for my health care thank you very much and my retirement is pulled from our union self funded fund
The repub way is nihilism. We see that every day w/trump, so called freedom caucus & cruel public policy
You (& twt staffer)can win the award for the most divisive, holier-than-thou, name-calling Sen. in PA history. Finally! An accomplishment!
These people are diabolical!
#HealthCare is a #HumanRight. #MedicareForAll is the least expensive solution. #SponsorIt They're #BlindedByTheRight.
@realDonaldTrump keep your promises. This bill takes away healthcare from needy, elderly, young, infirmed. Dreadful and cruel.
He needs to drop his guaranteed health benefits during open enrollment next month

OMG!!!
That didn't exactly slip out!
Slip out? He was creaming his jeans over the idea of the 99% dying slowly and horribly. I really don't feel like dying to suit him.
@SenJohnBarrasso shame on you! Time for you to find work for which you are qualified. Something involving inanimate objects perhaps? Sad!
It's bad. Also bad that the gop, you, and most of your colleagues voted for $700 billion military budget increase to continue US imperialism
I thought I heard him say that, then I thought nah. These folks are deplorable.
We've a Senate & Congress full of ppl who are just plain stupid! Thank you Katy Tur. U can be intelligent & still be stupid.  This proves it
Barasso rhymes with something. Can't quite put my finger on it.....
I hate the GOP all they care about are the #poorbillionaires
Very true. They don't have to hind it because their followers won't notice.
It is stunningly obscene.
Wow disturbing in so many http://ways.how  do we elect such evil people
What a miserable piece of garbage.... a soulless husk...
Gee whiz Senator, maybe you should include the whole interview. let us choose. Gov doesn't know better
Says Barasso, the senator who took $150,000 from insurers to repeal ACA
#LindseyGrahamsATraitor
Would expect better from Barrasso.. as a senator he has healthcare access thru FEHBP for life.. why deny others who aren't so privileged?
Finally a candid response. Scary! 
There must be a way to take away their coverage. They do not deserve it. Suffer like they will make us suffer.
@SenJohnBarrasso doesn't give a crap about anyone. He's just another one of the #KochFiends.
We're paying for their hc and for their honeymoon and shopping sprees too.
Then WTF is the point of having insurance...for anything?!?
God help the American people, cause their leaders will not.
It is disgusting.
New slogan: #MADS-- #Make Americans Die Sooner
Are the bastards going to have the same insurance as the rest of us?
WTF!
They are so in your face with what they do and stand for. Why do they continue to be re-elected?
Barasso looks like a rabid dog when talking about essential health benefits. Bet he likes his gvmt sponsored health insurance.
@SenJohnBarrasso Asshole
Yet, majority of coverage today is centered around the ties that @realDonaldTrump has w/Russia. #GrahamCassidyDeathBill s/b primary focus
GOP want Americans dead  #genocide Fewer opponents, more control for the GOP- it's appalling that this is their 'vision' for the US
#KillTheBill
Retweet this to everyone in his state
He refused to say that premiums wouldn’t go up.  Classic republican.
@ndrew_lawrence I'm with you, Bob. Kill #GrahamCassidy before it kills us!
@KatyTurNBC nailed it. Caught the republicans I all of their cruelty.
If my pre-existing conditions not covered, are the Republicans who voted for this going to explain to my Grandchildren why they let me die.
I'll send them the bill for your funeral (don't worry, I won't invite them).
@PaulBegala @ndrew_lawrence A pox on entire @SenateGOP leadership. If karma holds, they’ll suffer debilitating illness on 9/30.
Graham/Cassidy could care less about 30 million poor's HC, toss them to the street to die.That will save money for the old fat whites in SC.
What's the point of paying for health insurance if they won't cover essential health benefits?
Republicans wearing there heartlessness loudly and proudly now - WTF is wrong with these people - why are the so eager to do harm to others?
This makes me so sad and mad. How can anyone think like that?
That's what happens when you're used to Mitch speaking for you. Silly, lazy republicans.
As Trump himself said, this is cruel.
@pricklyeater @SenateGOP @ndrew_lawrence If this bill clears, many will have nothing left to lose. Kiss civil peace goodbye.
That's what I've been thinking.Drag from their cars,and beat 'em.
This sums up the attitude of @GOP
Barasso..... the people of Wyoming miss Craig Thomas.

He was obnoxious and rude and bullying.. just like his WH mentor.
Holy shit.
Geez! These people are inhuman. Are they part of an alien species out to destroy the human race?
There you have it in a nutshell.  If McCain votes YES, for this POS, he needs to pay out of pocket for his cancer treatments.
How on earth are we supposed to work, go to school, support our families and communities if we don't have essential health benefits??
@ndrew_lawrence I would honestly love to hear hit rational for why there should not be any coverage for EHBs.
I meant hear his rational. #IHateTypos
And guess what folks his wife had breast cancer what a charmer he must be if I were her he might not have a bed to sleep in for a while
Like forever!
Does he believe this horse shit do you think?
I honestly don't understand how a grown adult - Barasso - can be so blind and dumb to service to his constituents, and how he stays elected.
But senator I'm sure my tax dollars are getting you and your family the insurance my money can buy you & your greedy crew
I watched this live and I was horrified at how unprofessional he was. Rude. He treated Katy terribly. He had the look of desperation.
Wow. That is stunning. I’m ashamed he’s one of those who have the great honor to serve in the Senate.
The Party of Sociopaths
they are sociopaths imo
The senator is Marie Antoinette.  What a completely heartless belief.
DO NOT LET THIS BILL SEE THE LIGHT OF DAY BOB!!!!!!
All about freedom. He can choose that option for his family while the rest of us work on universal healthcare.
I watched this SShow live. What an ass.
There shouldn't be! Healthcare is not a right just like welfare isn't.  Why don't you call yourself a Democrat and get it over with.
Why don't they take the same fucking Ins? Why is ok that they don't?
A pox on him. Where's a vodoun when you need one?
This is sickening!  The GOP's intent is clear-population control. They can lie all day long & say it's not, but their actions say otherwise.
Please try to talk some sense to Toomey. That is, IF he has any sense to begin with. He doesn't listen to US.

Take away all health insurance pl. replace with govmnt single payer! Why put money in Insurance company coffers? It is a waste.
Good one Bob
Why are all these doctors in the legislature? Better pay or crummy docs? (My dad was a doctor and he had no political aspirations.)
They are desperate they can never get 60 votes.   Cowards!
I don't think they realize they will destroy the insurance co. along with us.  No one will pay for insurance if it does not cover needs.
They'll pay because it'll be cheap. Then, when they receive their EOB and it says "not covered", reality will hit 'em like a ton of bricks.
So evil.
He twice repeated his wife has been treated for breast cancer. Twice failed to mention is she was covered by his insurance/ACA at the time.
As a Dr he doesn't like Medicaid because he wants to charge more. Sen/Dr choose one!
It's about time
Not a surprise. It is their CORE belief. Entitlements fundamentally wrong
I hope the Senator doesn't have friends or family that ever need an ESB.
This is insane! Where is their moral decency or simply the reality that we ALL have a pre-existing condition? They seem proud to screw us.
And this bafoon who I believe is a MD keeps getting elected who's the fool America
He didn't let it "slip out". He boldly declared it. Heartless and proud of it!
Exactly right.
@SenJohnBarrasso put the #Ass in #Barrasso.  No pre-existing conditions will be covered with #GrahamCassidy
JUST ESAD already.
Why do they want to do this?
