NYT on louder @SenBobCasey in Trump era, noting his rep of voice not exceeding "decibel level of a yoga instructor" https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/05/19/us/politics/bob-casey-was-an-understated-senator-then-came-trump.html?partner=rss&emc=rss&smid=tw-nytpolitics&smtyp=cur&_r=1&referer= …
You don't want to piss off librarians
Oh, buddy. I have been to the American Librarian Associations annual conference. I HAVE SEEN THINGS THAT CANNOT BE UNSEEN. @MrSchuReads
You need to come to the @MedLibAssn  conference. We put those ALA lightweights to shame!
I. HAVE. SEEN. THINGS.
Keep it up, Casey!
Raise your words, not your voice
Hahahhaa ! I have developed a great respect for your voice, sir.
Impassioned librarians are much louder than you might think. Have you visited one of your state university libraries recently?
If only your content was better...
most of time you're a lightweight Dem hack that comes over a divider and obstructionist not having any answers for middle-class
Great profile and wonderful efforts since January. Thank you, from Canada.
I'm a big fan of angry Bob Casey.
Glad to see it.  Maybe kick your fellow PA senator in the ass too.
As an impassioned librarian and your constituent, I APPROVE 100%. #shushfreezone #persist #resist
Help! We are losing our democracy the republicans are nuts and the head republican has committed treason!
Unlike your counterpart in the senate @SenToomey who is protecting his republican buddy @realDonaldTrump party over country in their minds
Know impassioned librarians. Good group to emulate!
Speaking as a librarian, I will say you'd be surprised how impassioned we can get!
Cheers from the other coast. Keep up the good work.  The tuxedo changed everything!
@lauraolson @nytimes I always thought of you more of having the calming, soothing, thoughtful manners of a Jesuit priest haha.
You should come visit us at #PSLA2018 to test this theory. We librarians are a rowdy bunch... @PSLA_News
As a Pennsylvanian I am so proud you are my senator... please always remember us!
Well, this PA voter certainly hears and appreciates your voice, Senator.
We need more impassioned librarians in this age if "alternative facts."  Librarians to the barricades!!
We here you. "The human voice can never reach the distance that is covered by the still small voice of conscience." - Mahatma Gandhi
Librarians are fierce!
After your lose re-election I'm 2018 you'll be very quiet    Rick Saccone 2018
And we love ya for it!
We love you LOUD!!!
Keep fighting!!
Sometimes you're voted out of office.
Keep going Senator Casey!
That's because @SenBobCasey is calm, cool and collected.
Bye bye
Love your spirit Senator! You have been very important to us here in Pa.
As a librarian, I can attest to the fact that librarians can be really noisy!  But point taken.
Impassioned librarians are the best!
Keep fighting! We like it! 

I resemble your remark! 
I am asking you be an American. I am sick of party divides Be for all American's

Been following you since the inauguration. You @tedlieu @CoryBooker and @MaxineWaters have been voices of clarity and reason leading the way
I don't call you "VanillaBob" for nothing...
#VanillaBob
#speaksoftlyandcarryabigstick
He's my librarian, and I like him. Can't say the same about Sen Too-scared-to-meet-constituents-in-person. (Aka Toomey)
Bob, we librarians are loud as fuck.
Louder without saying anything. No solutions, just complaining. It's easy to talk. #doyourjob #worktogether #fixit #librariansarecool #18640
We're with you all the way, loud or not!!
The mark of an emotionally mature, level head person.  So tired of crazy screamers.

That should happen everyday! #librarylife
... which is very, very loud! 
Thanks for being principled against the unmitigated disaster of the Trump admin.
You make Pennsylvanians proud. Thank you.
You don't need to be a bombastic blowhard to get your point across, thank you 
Thanks for being vocally opposed to Trump. You make me less sad to be from PA.
Nice profile!
#fightlikehell
I appreciate your outspokenness, no matter the volume.
Love this
Now you are going to meet every librarian from your state, I think. We are certainly impassioned! Thank you for your advocacy.
Bravo, @SenBobCasey!
It from the anxiety of the inevitable end of the Dewey Decimal System...
Congratulations on the wonderful article!
Shhhhhhhhh! 
Hey...impassioned librarian is Sen. Warren's role....
In short:
I would pay money to watch @SethMacFarlane get you riled up. You should be a "Fauxlcan" on @TheOrville 
You could be foul mouthed - in alien
Proud of my Senator. One out of 2 is all we can expect.
Nope. Just gotta wait a few years on the other one.
Used to be a sound, well-reasoned argument didn't have to be shouted from the streets to be heard. Things have changed. Shout away, Senator.
True I have often chided Sen Casey to speak out, but on this issue he is at the head of the pack making his voice heard.
Just wonderful-- thanks for the smile!
Do you have your big stick?
My mom is an impassioned librarian. That can get pretty loud.
Sometimes the best way to be heard is to whisper. Not in this POTUS admin, but hey, we're all screaming.
@LikeMike025 thought you would appreciate this very good tweet
I don't know what's gotten into him but I'm fucking all about it haha
I'm a librarian. We can get pretty loud when warranted. ;)
Too many, sadly, don't see your virtues as virtues anymore. Keep it up. The hare losses.

Hahahaha, PERFECT!!!
Don't underestimate passionate librarians, Bob.
.@RepAdamSchiff None of these things shall come to pass. You are deserving of no reward. No Quarter shall be given. Have a nice weekend.
thank you for standing up to this administration and fighting for what you know is right.  Proud to have once called you my senator.
I encourage you to use your new found "stronger voice" to fight for PROGRESSIVE values like: Medicare 4 All, $15 min wage, & "free" college

It's gonna be a real shock l for the press if you get to 'Perturbed Butler' levels.
Ha! Love it. Thank you for all you do.
a fan of yours in PA
With the steely gaze of a Western movie hero. You are the man!
In an era where loudness apparently equals substance (thanks cable news), your volume is appreciated
So 30 years of ineffective governance should be rewarded due to the fact that you speak softly with temerity?
