Breaking News: President Trump is ending health insurers' subsidies that help low-income patients http://nyti.ms/2gAOMRS 
These payments ensure health care is affordable for millions of Americans. This cruel act will only harm our families.
The Administration’s decision will raise premiums, cost middle class families more of their hard-earned dollars and cause havoc in markets
Congress must act to reverse this sabotage. If @realDonaldTrump is unwilling to follow the law then Congress must force him to.
.@realDonaldTrump must abandon this destructive, partisan approach and work to improve our health care system and end the sabotage
If you live in PA you must get out & vote for Bob Casey in 2018. We don't need another Trump supporter in the Senate. Casey cares!
Is there anything we can do? A very different form of government seems to be being implemented right under our noses.
vote
As usual you are the arm chair quarterback. The courts had already said the subsidies were unconstitutional.
TRUMP DOESN'T CARE ABOUT THE PEOPLE ONLY HIMSELF OR HE WOULDN'T BE TAKING AWAY HEALTH CARE FROM MILLIONS! SHAME SHAME!
Lakeland, FL.? Illiterate verbage throughout.
BOT.
If ur rly interested in facts tell the truth that it was GOP whom caused rise in premiums? Refused subsidies & forced removal of prem cap!
Geeeeessss talk about living in an alternate Universe. This is Obama and the Dems baby - live with truth denier.
Love your no fact response. ACA needs to be fixed not repealed or gutted. Issues - yes, but also is a good start.
I wasn't aware it was illegal so please explain this to me if you don't mind.
One of my Best Friend's Grandson needs Chip!!  She is raising him after his Mom died of an overdose and her Son is in jail.
And senator, I will call you out at every turn!
Great to know my mother with MS will struggle even more. I hate this administration.
So sorry.  I have no health insurance and fear of cancer.
Gee the 100% increased U voted for on my HC was wrong too Where was you outrage then when my HC didnt go down $2500 a year?
So when it gets kicked back to the congress you're scared to death. Means that you will have to actually work for a living. Watching you!
So sad that PA put him in the White House.
As a PA resident, I never feel as though my vote counts. Our state is gerrymandered beyond belief.
Bob M4A would help ALL PA families but you side with donors and lobbyists.
Please stop this!
YOU were prepared to throw as many as 32 MILLION off the ability to get healthcare. NOW you're upset? You're also not absolved. #Hypocrite
Do you Leftists think we r dumb?
Govt money involved explodes prices!
College
Heathcare
Social care
Education
All money pits bc of Govt $$
U are lying Bobby because you're afraid this is going to work to bring costs down +give decisions to the People
'These payments' are sanctioned BRIBES from the Dem party to Big wall st companies you hate so much.
LYIN HYPOCRITE
Sen. Casey Liar, Bought Career Politician that Pennsylvania People Need To Kick Out of Congress! 
Impeach! He's a sociopath!!
45 just asked  @dccc to come to the table & somehow negotiate HC?
Death panels for everyone!
He's making sure middle class and the poor could not afford to pay this insurance meaning they will have to drop out.
Today ACA has been crippled. The new name is #DonaldDontCareAct , Worst president ever in this country. What a crook we have in the WH
IM SO DONE WITH HIS SHIT!  #25thAmendmentNow
$200 billion mistake...
we must allow it to pass so we can see what's in the bill. Sound familiar. Healthcare cost under the ACA have risen 30% Across the board
He is a disgrace to the office of president
Why don’t you er to work and finish approving the other 50% of the Presidents appointments???
Thank you for speaking up, Senator Casey
What is it going to take for this government to do something about Trump?  How many of us have to die?  Hello!  Is anyone there?
He will pay dearly for it just wait and see
Thats what they get for voting for him.  Here's something else, we told you so.
Sen. Casey what are you going to do about this? Pennsylvanians need your help.
Stop whining and do your job. Pass funding law and Exec will spend.
@maritzasolito @realDonaldTrump   This is abt protecting the #WeThePeople from #45 ! What say u Senator!Will u save #ACA ?
What else is new our taxes already suck.  what’s an additional 20% to the federal government.
It’s wrong Sen. ?What do u propose to do abt it!Will u protect ur constituents,o let dear leader kill #ACA !
@nytimes impeachment time. Make it Dems only focus. Make it the crux of every deal. Get on tv and push it.
And businesses everywhere will use this as an excuse to raise premiums, employee shares, even if not affected. This is how free market works
THINK for a change -why would he do that ???  UR disgraceful
How bout fix the economy so people can pay their fair share and not sponge off of tax payers! Let's create more full time jobs with mandatory benefits!
Then do something about it!!
Time to join Corker
Your state had just enough #MAGATS to get it elected. We will reap what they sowed. #ButHerEmails
The work together and find a solution and fix it.  Stop whining.
It was wrong to pass the ACA in the 1st place.
These subsidies for private market ACA plans helped at least two of my friends who lost their jobs. Helps the middle class:incomes $40-45k
New word “sabotage”. 
so  when is congress  going to protect us from #45
New word “sabotage”. 
#25thAmemdment now!
Impeach and remove this dolt from office.
What will Congress do to protect Americans from this hardship? "Checks & balances" are in place to prevent abuse of power from a "king."
I am on of those PA mother of the family. What to do with this administration? 2018 is too far away for me, my anxiety increases every hour
I'm uneasy with the government giving money to insurance companies, especially when they have record profits with ACA
This is just disheartening to know selfish & unconcerned some “elected” officials are about the citizens of these United States of America
People voted against  their own interest. Most of them were watching Fox News they’re getting exactly what they deserve
All that fighting we did and he still ruins healthcare. What is wrong with him ?
I don't want to lose my home, I need to be able to treat my son.  This is horrific!
Casey is nothing more than a provocateur!! "sabotage, cruel, havoc, destructive!" Remember, HE & HIS PARTY are responsible for this mess!!
Sabotage? Your words are getting very hostile.Do all your constituents realize they are paying taxes to pay for those subsidies? Prices down
What can be done? Please give us something to do to fight this!
They voted for him. They won't next time.
Bob,  Pennsylvania Governor WOLF is screwing us why don't you have a chat with him !?!
Fight Fiercely Senator.
The plans for 2018 are horrible. Only one plan with 1000 dedicated then its 6850.
I'd like someone to explain y the middle class should b made to struggle 2 provide 4 low income families I cant afford my premiums n taxes
Shame that rich people who probably could afford healthcare w/o insurance dictate policy on Americans who need insurance!
Please Senator Casey fight for the low and middle classes on all levels
Donald Trump is the biggest joke on the planet.His petty hatred for Obama has him choosing to kill many Americans off with over priced
health care,filthy water and air,and total disregard for even his own family and friends.This man will cause a war with no thought to anyone
beyond his own arrogant and bulldog face.He has little brains and no sense and he needs to leave office before we're all dead.
Have to fight for your constituents and more. This could hurt PA Insurance companies as well. If they go under jobs will be lost
It’s your state that just fucked the world over
What does useless @SenToomey say to this? I bet he loves it.
Will this wake his base up?? Thank you for speaking out against this attack on our country! Those that remain silent are just as guilty 
They plan on blaming all this on Obama, very loudly. If they can they'll blame you. Prepare for agit prop & psy ops!
And this makes American "greater" how? Oh right, like everything else Trump does, it doesn't.
He doesn't care. As long as he can GOLF!
Haha so funny how you think lowering rates and helping people hurts.  Lies you tell.  Hack
Then what was the fighting over all these votes on healthcare if you knew he was doing the order anyway?
He's breaking his promise to lower premiums. This move doesn't help ANYONE.
Why would anyone in PA have voted for him and in rural PA they still like him while he strips away everything from them.
Time for #25thAmendmentNow
#25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendmentNow
Looks like there will be some people moving.
Trump says it will cost the government virtually nothing. But it will cost a lot of Americans virtually everything.
I blame @GOP. They own this abomination . #Trumpcare #Trumpcare  @senorrinhatch  @ChuckGrassley  @LindseyGrahamSC  @RepPeteKing  @marcorubio
Despite the title, there is no reason this miscreant should be respected as president and allowed to be responsible for us. #DumpTrump
It's so vexing that we must pay attention to this miscreant to defend our health and well being. #DumpTrump
Shame
What tax junior. Last I heard Americans are enslaved to buy health care. Is that what u want?
You know what all this concern for the poor is total B.S. because ACA is bankrupting those forced to pay the bill.
#25thamendment
Trump needs to be removed from office! Do something please.

The hubris is astonishing.
What will Congress do?
#ShondaGOP
Enough is enough. He obviously is mentally unstable or evil. Maybe both
It's more than wrong, it's evil.
@nytimes  WHY ARE U ALLOWING ILLEGITIMATE THIEF STOLE PRESIDENCY ROB USA EVERY DEPARTMENT HURT PEOPLE ?
Sue
And that's what the people of PA deserve.
Alright, maybe that's a little mean but elections have consequences.
To the putkin puppet 
Why is it wrong? When the ACA was implemented I was told I would save $2500! Instead I’m paying double with a deductible 3x what it was.
Keep tweeting to yourself..  no one is listening.
Are you people really this dumb?  Do you really need it spelled out for you?  My god, wake up!
How's that?  GOP owns all three branches of Gov't!  Tell us how the Dems sabotaged his agenda?  I mean really freaking delusional BS!
Guess you haven't heard . . .
Get your hands and mouth out of the American family
Exactly! Get your hands off MY money. The subsidies come from other families who are paying more then they should in order to subsidize!
I guess he lied when he swore to uphold the constitution and the laws of the land
Is this the battle cry of the night. "Sabotage" you guys need to stop blaming & do your jobs. Not about political points. To much at stake.
We pay more for healthcare than any other country. Both sides of the isle stop these silly games. Work together & bring us great healthcare!
Will the PA AG join in suit with CA and NY???
#25thAmendment
It's not low income it's it's no income don't work get pad $$$$more kids you have more money you want people to Be Lazy
Bot....
Thank you
You're lying AGAIN #ReplaceCasey2018
That doesn't even make sense. Pa is already suffering with #nobamacare going upwards of 200%....
Well it's about to be worse. And it's Trumpcare now
I hope u learn some type of positiveness...  Sad for u to be such a miserable person..... Thanks for the negativity....Won't phase me #MAGA
My premium for once is at an affordable level under OCare. I'm terrified now! That Orange Menace is mentally ill. #25ththe45th
Yeah right! You must be getting free then. I don't know 1 person with adorable ocare. EVERYONES premiums have gone up since ocare #liar
You and your cronies are the saboteurs, senator. From the very beginning.
Sen. Casey, this is much more than 20% for most of us. Just ending current premium rebates doubles my bill. Before any new premium hikes.
Mine too! Can we just go up on the people who voted for that clown?!
We live in pa and lost good coverage and were thrown onto Obamacare. Now we have deductibles and outrageous copays. This can’t b worse.
I live in PA and am a small business owner. My premium went down by $1100! I only have a deductible if I go out of network! I'm terrified!
U r lucky! Our plan is thru my hubbys job and as soon as Obamacare went thru- bam! The company dropped the good stuff & went with the crap 
Can you Tell The truth about anything
Typical lieing liberal
You remember, " you can keep your doctor.  You can keep your plan. Period" who is the one who hurt millions of ppl who lost their plans and premiums skyrocketed?
Do ur research & you'll find it was the GOP that caused this. They refused subsidies & made Obama remove premium caps. Who u mad at now?
Trumpets don’t do research
He is destroying America
How can this happen? Suffering families are going to struggle more.
People are going to lose their houses.  My neighbor owns his business and already cannot afford to insure his family.
Trump: 2,970,733. Clinton: 2,926,441. You guys voted for him against your interests. Welcome to 2017.
Let me be clear - the voters of #Pennsylvania voted for this fool- now I should feel sorry ? I've been furious at #pa #mi & #wi fora yr
Let ME be clear-I didn't vote for him! In fact, I'm not sure of the state's actual results since PA was one of those targeted by Russia. And I'm disabled, so I'd appreciate a bit less blind judgement.
Senator I can't feel sorry for #pa they voted for this imbecile
Trump's Anti-CSR payment EO is revenge, not reform. Extra cost (20% in 2018) will be loaded onto Silver plans.
Trump once again is proving himself to be a mean-spirited bully without intellect or empathy.  This should shrink his declining base faster.
He is also proving that it's easier to destroy something than it is to create something good.
Trump voters are about to get what they asked for...
This is terrible news. POTUS is knowingly irresponsible and cruel. Purposefully hurting Americans AND increasing the deficit.
Toomey is probably ok w/ this hateful, vindictive move...@PatToomey & trump have no concern for working people of PA. #sabotage #nodecency
Toomey probably loves  it because he does not represent PA he is for trump, the rich and the NRA.
Can only hope he’s ending the subsidies on your and all your cronies healthcare plans, senator. We the people are tired of getting screwed.
So you voted for trump??.I hope this affects you
I know that it's wrong, but I truly hope every Trump voter suffers.
Yep it’s wrong. As much as I despised Obama, I never wished you or anyone ill health, ill fate, or any other ills. Congrats! You’re evil.
I'm not evil. I just believe in consequences. I'm going to suffer when I lose heath care.
Yep, you’re evil. It’s not all about you.
Sue them. Get your AG to take him to court. This is unlawful and plain cruel. #MalignantNarcissist #25amendmentnow
Why? This is what the people of PA voted for.
I get your point. But I’m not sure they will connect the two. It will still be Obamacare in their eyes. Reap what you sow I guess. #impeach
Trump is sabotaging our country & it’s institutions! He is destroying our democracy! He must be removed! Like NOW!
And no one does anything about it
Remember this date - as of Friday the 13th of October 2017, #ACA has been sabotaged and renamed to #Trumpcare #ACASabotage
You know usually, when somebody tries to do a cover song, even if it's not as good as the original, they do try to make it as best they can.
Nothing less than impeachment now is needed. No more dealing with this vile moron.
Why PA FAMILIES? How can he do this?
BOT

Executive, legislative & judicial branches now agree Obama's unilaterally-paid Obamacare subsidies were illegal. Your move, Congress. Gulp!
Now time for congress to do its job - repeal this poorly conceived ACA mess and replace with something sensible. You’re up.
2) Not how it was to work. ACA failed.
FREAKING BOT.
1) Tax money to insurers due to young not buying resulting in rising premiums is not right or legal.
This is terrible news.
