ICE nabs young "dreamer" applicant after she speaks out at a news conference http://wapo.st/2lZGqo1 
She's an illegal alien. What is it about the word ILLEGAL you people don't understand? DEPORT!!!
you lack empathy.
You lack lawfulness.
legality is a social construct. Find a better argument for your lack of empathy....
legality is a social construct?
yes. Society changes the parameters of what's legal or not. It's not black and white for eternity.
Do you live in society? Do you abide by laws in that society or are you tumbling down the rabbit hole?
I think you missed the point. Laws reflect the conditions of society. Agree or disagree?
why? Why isn't it shameful that she didn't keep paperwork done in a country that's not hers?
you're a citizen, right? Well guess what: it's your country!
illegal aliens break the law, they're unwelcome & a drain on our resources
you can hate how ppl talk, but I'd advise you not let words hurt you
where are her papers ??
she failed to do them. But I don't guess multiple law breakings is "shameful"
good job ice! Now, arrest her enablers too. Sen Casey just showed he's one.
She wasn't legal, and acted foolishly. I have no sympathy.
what do U want 2 do Bob give her the Medal of Freedom, she had time 2 renew her DACA but choose not 2
Maybe it'll teach people to not flaunt their crimes.
She WAS a dreamer. She didn't feel like filling out the paperwork. Why do I have to follow our laws & illegals don't? #Lawmaker
.@SenBobCasey @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov hummm, do Foreign Nationals have to obey US law while in the US? or only US citizens?
Shameful is caring illegals more about illegals than what Americans feel !
we have laws and someone needs to enforce them!!!  U won't!!!
she has been legally living in America for over a decade. an expired DACA = no work approval, not detanation
her parents are to blame not our laws.
but the law is being broken by detaining her. That is illegal.
Well, still detained?  Should be on a flight out.  <<shrug>>
I agree! Some americans think they r better than others for being born here but nop
 @realDonaldTrump = Hitler
@ICEgov = Nazis
not a true historian I see,  nor a person even slightly educated in history.
she has to go back
@washingtonpost Dreamers are still illegals, they all have to go home.
So can I just choose to not pay taxes, since it's "shameful" to enforce our laws, apparently?
this is an #Outrage!!!  Why is she detained? Why hasn't she been deported yet?
@ICEgov, please explain this expenditure of my $
Great police work there... That's like #Arresting @tommychong with #CannabisCharges 

#SherlockHolmes
hey, when they lob an easy,  you've got to hit it out of the part. GO ICE!
#Shameful is many years here and didn't try to become a citizen.
she's illegal and has to go back. What is shameful is a Senator advocating for foreign individuals.
was a dreamer it ran out and she now is an illegal criminal
deport her send her bill fit it
Those pesky rules tho
She should learn to keep here mouth shit.  I Saudi Arabia she would be beheaded!
Send her back to where she came from! I'm already paying too much for immigrants!
That makes me feel sick
so glad u said that! U understand what they r really doing! #resistance
no she doesn't,  neither do you or "senator above the law".
thank you for standing up for compassion + human decency - she came when was 7, works hard, contributes - represents best of US
our veterans represents the best of America! Willing to die for your country men!
if you have been in our nation so long you can go through the process of residency or citizenship
they should not be here in the first place, bobby
human beings shouldn't be able to be in America because of where they were born?
yes, that's precisely it! You can't be here if you do it illegally
except the person who we are talking about wasn't here illegally.
uhm, yes she was. RIF
how is it shameful? She's illegal and even admitted it..someone's enforcing the law and its shameful?
these "Dreamers" were brought to the US as children and raised as Americans.
if my parents robbed a bank,and I inherited $..does that mean I can keep it?
Glad you asked. That's covered in the inheritance tax.
LOL. I wonder how many of the "undocumented" the good senati has taken into his home. Zero
It's real simple.  If she's not here legally, deport.
rephrased for accuracy: she's here illegally and appeared in public to gloat about it, and ICE enforcing law.
It is shameful she doesn't have her paperwork in order. She should be detained. Be legal or go home.
SHAMEFUL is we have low IQ agenda ridden hacks like you Lawless tax thieves Constitutionally ignorant
America is COMING for shit for brains lawless marxist-alinskyite  critical theory Anti - USA stooges
arrogance b4 a fall. I guess she bit the hand that fed her...#Karma #LiberalTerrorism #MAGA
no, Bobby, she is here illegally and needs to go home.  Stop your pandering.
Deport deport deport. Get this country on the lawful path.
Is it me or do liberals care more about illegal aliens then they do about American citizens 
Good job @ICEgov 
if you can break the law I don't have to pay my taxes. You clown
If our govt was working properly we wouldn't have this mess in the first place. Clean up is messy.
She needs to go home to Mexico
She might want to rethink running her mouth while she's here illegally... now that we have a spine.
@washingtonpost is she here legally? Is she doing something to make it legal?
great news! 
@washingtonpost  I know imagine the law being enforced . Change the law can't pick and choose
You need to worry about the American citizens of Pennsylvania.
"Shameful" = our Country's leaders demanding laws not be enforced. #DEPORT @SenBobCasey @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov @washingtonpost
do laws apply to only us citizens? #feelings
Sucks breaking the law, Senator. At what point do you believe she knew she wasn't here under correct pretenses?
@KurtSchlichter Agreed, it IS shameful that she stole the place of a legal immigrant. She needs to go home.
No, she's an illegal alien who should be deported. Enforce the law, or find another job.
Sorry Senator...not a LEGAL CITIZEN GTHO. PERIOD. AMERICANS WANT TO BE DREAMERS!
@washingtonpost @cochinalatina 

Yes, she's dreaming of her hair being longer and being normal.
which laws can i ignore?
Obama assisted in breaking immigration law to turn out the vote. Even Chris Matthews admitted it.
I thought she was a criminal. Are we changing the word "Dreamer" now? "Dreamers" should get a Visa.
@washingtonpost
 What's shameful is that she wasn't deported before now
It's been brought to my atten thats not a young man but rather a woman. All I can say is WOW, u sure?
It's recommended that DACA renewals be filled out 120-150 days prior to expiration. She ignored.
Sorry about the dreamer, probably a good enough young man BUT in the US we have laws. Sorry dude.
#Breaking:  Deport this illegal alien.  She can work on making her own country great. #BuildTheWall
What's shameful is that ppl are now so entitled that they brazenly flout the law and expect to be lauded for it.
Daniela Vargas is an
 illegal immigrant who had to face the due process of the law and constitution.
She is an illegal alien - you took an oath to support the Constitution #fail
. @SenBobCasey @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov Latino Americans will never forget #RIPGOP #AMDG
She is being deported b/c she is an illegal alien & her "Dreamer" docs "expired".Home to Mexico Bye
no, what she did is shameful!
...it's shameful that you are protecting people not born in this country instead of the citizens of America
please explain which laws we can ignore and the one we have to follow senator? Need
@lesliemarshall You do realize that American kids from out of state pay more than illegals 4 college?
Her visa expired in November, she did not renew,

deport

@SenBobCasey @LeslieMarshall @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov
Hey Bob, ever hear of the law? Don't Senators write those laws? You're shameful...
It's too bad you don't enforce laws Senator Casey.
in force the law. that's what makes America great.
the true heroes
@washingtonpost Bobby, If you don't like it, change it!!That's why your in Congress! Grow a pair!!!
good bye. She is a lawbreaker and needs to go.
I come to the country illegally, And I want all the benefits, without bothering becoming a citizen.
...shameful that she broke the law, now is paying the price.#MAGA....
If you substitute "illegal alien" for "dreamer" it all begins to make sense!
Just Great. A US Senator promoting LAW BREAKING. YOU SHOULD RESIGN. Did you read the oath you took?
@PaxNostrum @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov I wonder if you will speek out for #Vets detain by #VA ?
I was just saying Illegals on TV boasting abt being illegal should be arrested immediately. Good Work @ICEgov
- thank you for speaking out. I have friends who are Dreamers & they are scared. ICE must have accountability w/in democracy
NO it is not! Daniela is not a child now and knew the rules she chose to ignore!
If she is illegal she should be sent back. If you condone illegal activities you should also go.
please help her and the many immigrants who are being unfairly targeted.
She's Illegal.
She has no business in America.Thanks for doing your jobs @POTUS @ICEgov
@POTUS WHAT IS SHAMEFUL IS PUTTING THE INTERESTS OF PEOPLE HERE ILLEGALLY BEFORE AMERICAN INTERESTS.
AGREE 100% Americans & our children come first it's our country we paid &built it
she has to go, Mr. President please deport her to show these loser Dems you mean business.
Remember Elian Gonzalez? @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov
He is my Senator. I vote.  He supports what his constituents want. We support him.
She works, she pays taxes, she contributes. SHE BELONGS HERE. I'm proud of @SenBobCasey for posting.
another idiot lib politician with no clue as to what real America wants their country to do...
I also have a dream that one day our ELECTED OFFICIALS will care for our HOMELESS as much as ILLEGALS!
I'm a Dreamer too. I dream that one day we will have a wall so people don't come in ILLEGALLY!
Do all politican end their tweets with a single word that describes their overall evaluation of the subject they talk about?
Try working on a pathway for them vs holding up cabinet nominees then.
only thing shameful is you being a senator and not respecting or wanting people to follow the LAW
No. Appropriate. Lawful. Karma. You are shameful.
It is shameful! Just like still operating a vehicle while renewing an expired driver's license!
Hmmm...so a Senator is advocating breaking the law?

Ruh roh, the #Democrats Voter Registration drives will need to go further into the heartland #maga 
@SenBobCasey @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov
@JusticeOIG federal law.An inquiry should be completed to determine what other fed laws Sen Casey wants violated/ignored
@JusticeOIG Dear Office of Inspector General, Sen Casey is attempting to use his federal position to advocate for violating..
Not shameful. Lawful. Shameful would be your political positions and agenda.
@washingtonpost Shameful that you advocate for Federal Law Enforcement officers to ignore the law
When involved in illegal activity. ALWAYS  speak loudly &publicly about said activity.
#drySnitchn #buyHerMixtape
She is a CRIMINAL
There you go. Pander to your voting base. Oh that's right, they're not allowed to vote. Riiight.
Daniela Vargas "dreamer" status expired, she didn't bother renewing it. Get your facts straight sir!
Thank you. This is unconscionable. She's been here since she was 7; not "a bad actor" or a criminal.
What are you prepared to do Senator?
What policies exactly? Obama deported 3 million illegals. Did you whine & cry? Where is your outrage for homeless Vets?
.@SenBobCasey implying a "Dreamer" who didn't have DACA status was detained bc she spoke out against @POTUS is wildly irresponsible.
Up hold the law, Casey. Don't dictate morals to us. Save America.
rule of law dummy CONGRESS NEEDS TO FOLLOW IT BEFORE BLOOD RUNS IN THE STREET REVOLUTION
ICE is the new Gestapo.
enforce the law THATS ALL WE ASK
thank God were enforcing the law
@PMcanadien @cafreeland j'espère que vous pourriez l'aider, ici il n'y a plus de respect pour la procédure judiciaire #rêveur
they're deporting her! @ShaunKing
So you don't believe in enforcement of Federal law? Isn't that a violation of your oath? @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov
Bob Casey is only dimly aware of his own existence.  Very dim
if your here illegally you don't need to be speaking out bc you have no rights
Laws may not apply in dreamland, but they do in the US. Dream in Argentina legally.
I'm very proud that ICE finally did their damn job!
she had been released once before; she didnot renew her DACA visa. No rules for anyone?
@ShaunKing @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov what part of illegal don't you understand?! #usa #lawandorder
Enforcing the law is NOT shameful moron
You're not getting sympathy from this American.  
That's called enforcing the law. You know like what you swore to do in your oaths of office.
Good
.@SenBobCasey @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov if you don't like the laws of this country why don't you move?
better yet resign your seat and become an Obama consigliere. I hear he's hiring.

@JimDenny52 Great job Ice! Keep up the good work. Daniela should have her paperwork in order!
Shed a tear for me. Laws are laws without law there is no order. Bye Daniel.
life is though Care more about Americans
you forgot she had 15 years to complete citizenship and didn't do it. She's to blame
The shame is on you for not respecting US law.
Pity? Why? @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov 

Not all HA HA HAs end with the smile still in place. Play? Sometimes you lose the game
this is what happens when you unleash the BUREAUCRATS! Puppets in a puppet world.
Needs to happen to every illegal at every protest & continue to happen until they leave.
Agree! No one has right to be here AND tear country apart!
Just like all the other lawless Democrats, eh Casey? Obama is no longer running his illegal shit show.
@joshtpm Someone needs to ask Kelly if this is his policy or if ICE is off the ranch and no one knows how to corral them.
could any American live illegally for that long in Mexico?
Nope. Your butt would be in jail. @SenBobCasey @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov
 about time.
He was here illegally
we are all dreamers. The difference is our relatives went to a lot of trouble to become citizens.
If she doesn't have to obey the law then why should I or anyone?
Yes, "shameful" Bob that you are agreeing that breaking the law is ok!
No bc She is the one who hid in a closet when her relatives were picked up Knew she was wrong
Shameful how? Don't you all take a vow to uphold the law and the Constitution?
@SenBobCasey @Chartoc @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov
.@SenBobCasey @doug69 @realDonaldTrump @ICEgov it's shameful to have you as a senator, when you don't believe in our country's laws.
I see you are another in the long line that puts illegals before Veterans @SenBobCasey .@realDonaldTrump @ICEgov
