Senate Rules Committee and @SenateSAA trying to SHUT DOWN press access in halls. No more staking out hearings without permission. Not OK.
@SenBobCasey Protect the press. Otherwise, the American people won't know anything at all.
The virtue signaling is strong with Casey.
Thank you Senator! PA loves you!
I just called Sen Casey's office & spoke with a friendly aide!
Then I called Sen Toomey & left a passionate voice mail
#1stAmendment
Good for you! I called Sen Toomey's office, I could leave a message today, their mailbox was full yesterday
They must have caller ID Only take calls from Dems.
Idiot
@SenBobCasey More secrecy. What are they afraid of sharing with Americans?
If reporters actually REPORTED rather than making stuff up, maybe they would not be denied access.
What a fraud casey is ))))
Name one thing that got better while this hucksters was in office
I'm very happy and proud to have you as a Senator. Thank you.
So Bobby why don't you propose a Constitutional amendment for Congressional term limits & campaign finance reform? Why won't you? Afraid?
Why are they having  to sneak around ? What do they have to hide ?  What a bunch of cowards ..
Thank you, Senator Casey!
Senator Casey, play hardball for the people of the Commonwealth. I usually favor compromise and moderation. But we are losing our Republic.
For the last 10 years has been in a coma. Now he running for re election and he's running scared. Bobby wants to impress us that he's for us
If people are afraid of the questions, perhaps they're ashamed of their actions.
I wouldn't let the substance of the dust define you. Congress is also accountable to their Creator.
That is the peoples building. It's the same as a court house & it is unconstitutional to refuse the press & video inside it!
Yes, & how about locking them out of the Oval Office & letting Tass in instead?  One of the most Deplorable acts I've seen.
Are you playing "Good Senator, Bad Senator" with Toomey?
The question is, is he playing a Senator at all.  Seems to have been in a coma the past 10 years.
Congress and particularly you Bobby belongs to those who contribute the most to campaigns. In your case big pharmaceutical.
The people, the voters hold you accountable. Your statement his nothing more than self serving butt kissing.
Right we need more transparency, not less. What is Senate going to do about Sessions refusing to answer questions w/o legal basis? Not right
Now if the news media was biased favoring the conservatives you would be backing the rule.
Senator maybe you can help in getting the reporters to be accurate in their work.
Yes, Congress belongs to the people. And the people voted for trump! Stop the Obstructionist/Russia collusion bs and work with our @POTUS
Yo! Idiot! The majority of people didn't vote. The majority of those who did did NOT vote for Dolt45. Hint: approval ratings lower than dirt
U were elected to represent the people yet you only vote inr the peoples interests 28 per cent of the time.
Sen. Casey correct:  "Congress belongs to the people"  That's why I'm asking @RepLouBarletta to run for Senate and stop your obstructionism.
You mean the reporters who spew your garbage lies.
Which is why u won't be there in 2018
Nazi's have arrived there goes America !
DT .@SenateMajLdr @GOP Congress trying 2 silence #4thEstate at Capitol 2 enable #TrumpCare 2 go straight fr secret deliberation 2 floor vote
start talking for them see how fast they change
Meanwhile they are stealing our internet freedoms with the #NetNeutrality and this distractive BS.
If congress belongs to the people then we should all have unfettered access. I don't want reports to act on my behalf.
Such a hypocrite.
Thank you Senator Casey!
How about I follow you around and lie about everything you do...actually in your case  that would make you look better nevermind
Get this message out @SenBobCasey You & your Dem colleagues need to be screaming this from the rooftops! Esp when it comes to healthcare!
The Press has no right of access to hallways. If they cannot do their jobs without that access they don't deserve press passes.
Frightening
@KatCapps I heard they were thinking of installing a "suggestion box" @ entrance. The style of the box is being designed now.
Thank you Senator Casey
So what are you doing about it?  #WithholdConsent for starters.
So it begins... like in Germany 1933.  Soviet Union.  Every other authoritarian regime, the press was first shut out of govt. proceedings.
Is the GOP working to destroy all Constitutional amendments or only the First? 
This is ridiculous & y? So they can pick who asks them questions just like tRump does. Trying to kill free press #ImpeachTrumpNow
Then we expect to hear an UPROAR from all senators and representatives who realize that the press is the 4th party in a free government.
Tell that to @SenToomey who only cares about Trump & his high $$$$ donors. He's forgotten about PA.
Thank you sir  ....you redeem Pa
@CNNnewsroom @MSNBC @ABC @CBSNews @NBCNews  @FoxNews @JamesBrienComey @democracynow @OFDHILLARY2016 @POTUS Freedom of the press in the
United States is protected by the First Amendment to the United  States Constitution.  This amendment is generally understood to prevent
HAPPENS AND/OR GOES ON WITHIN OUR GOV. AND PRES. WE ARE THE ONES THAT  VOTED THEM INTO SEAT AND OFFICE. "THE TRUTH SHALL SET YOU FREE."
@mkraju @SenateSAA @SenateGOP You appear to think you are not responsible to WeThePeople. You are 100%. #Democracy!
How is this American????
The premise of your question is wrong, it's no longer America as we knew it
@mkraju @SenateSAA We can amaze a couple million people in DC if you'd like. Let us know.
Please fight this for us Senator.
Senator , can we know whose idea this is. I want to remember come election day. Our best voice is to vote them out.
Thank you, Senator.
Honestly so fed up with this dog and pony show. Is there anyone in DC that hasnt been corrupted? #GetOnWithIt
Senate Dems need to obstruct, disrupt, invoke whatever arcane rules. Ask yourself #whatwouldmcconnelldo and do it
Pretty soon only state run media will be allowed in.
Strong press = strong democracy thank you.
Agree 100% the press needs to be allowed in to ask the right questions.
We thought so too. However, Congress keeps flooding labor market with cheap indentured servants on #H1B and similar work visas. Shame! #H1B
Maybe if they report on the real news and not their agendas
Thank you. I just faxed a letter to you, Sen. Toomey, and Charlie Dent about this! Glad we can count on you to guarantee transparency.
I believe many of these #policies are #unconstitutional and political parties funding and power will result in a #constutiotionalCrises
Citizens, lift your eyes from your barbecues to what may be, in your indifference, the setting sun of your democratic days!
This is crazy, thanks for standing up for all of us, especially your constituents here in PA.
Then get out in the halls and start taking questions, Senator.  Make them enforce it.  Words just don't cut it nowadays.
This is beyond ridiculous....whole admin and GOP need to go!!
@SenBobCasey will you find colleagues to help you fight this?  Freedom to access those deciding legislation must continue #free society
You should film yourself walking the halls and asking other senators questions
Aren't these public building and public officials?
Correction: buildings
So what are you doing about it?
Thank you. Keep up the good fight Senator. We are with you.  @ChrisMurphyCT @SenSchumer @SenSherrodBrown @SenKamalaHarris @SenToomey
Congress belongs to donors and special interests groups and Senators in both parties know that very well.
They should then let US VOTERS to go in and ask our own questions. I'll be there with bells on!
