Demand an investigation of Sessions, who NEVER should have been confirmed & has NO respect for the constitution or rule of law. He's a stain
Bi-partisan investigation and special prosecutor. Impeach Trump! Will do all I can to help!
Plz write an amendment/ bill/ whatever it takes, to overturn Citizens United and the Electoral College needs gone also. 1 person/1 vote!
Getting excited can't wait for the chance to vote your ass out of office!
Thank you, for staying vigilant about this crooked @realDonaldTrump @POTUS administration. Something is rotten in Denmark, for sure!
Push for Russia investigation. Thank you Senator.
I agree, it's hard to square two completely unrelated topics.  Also hard to square: Bob Casey is a crackpot and yet remains employed.
we demand an independent investigation and prosecutor. Our country is in peril.
Do something instead of commenting on it Bob. You have been passive and invisible. Get out there and lead you simpleton
Yes it is.  sessions has no business even discussing Comey's investigation of Russia/trump TREASON.
Sen. Casey: We the people need an indep prosecutor to investigate the treasonous crimes of this regime. They should be stripped of power
I'd be willing to bet they're going after Hillary Clinton.
As they should. For many reasons.  1st is why she sold Russia 20% of our Uranium.
Comedy's actions the last year have proven he is not impartial. All Americans need a fair unbiased leader of the FBI. This had to be done
It was an "alt recusal"
He can't do it alone.  We need to pester the rest of our Congress people and remind them about 2018 if they don't care about Russiagate.
I pester Senator Toomey often.
Also the fact that he met twice with a Russ official & failed to disclose during his confirmation. Why is he AG still, able to fire FBI Dir?
It's called 'Draining the Swamp'
so what are you doing about it??
We need an independent investigation. Work on that please.
NOT SESSIONS
KUSHNER AND 2 TRUMP SONS DECISION
GETTING TOO CLOSE 
KUSHNER FURIOUS AT FAMILY BEING
INVESTIGATED FOR SELLING US PIECE
BY PIECE
That was obummer and Killary selling influence in American politics as well as 20 percent American uranium to Russian. Big payoff thru bill
Special prosecutor.
Sessions should have been never been a part of this BS it was all 45 #FAKEPRESIDENT
Indeed...
That's why they made it about emails investigation.
When will the independent prosecutor be appointed?  Obviously DOJ is compromised - AG and AAG can't be trusted.  Push for it publicly!
Stand with Rep. Cummings!
AG Sessions lied, under oath, to Congress. He has no business being in the position of Attorney General, in the first place.
Oh absolutely! Doggy paddle some more, by all means.
The MoB House doesn't follow the rules they don't have too They get away with breaking them. Ts violates the constitution everyday freely!
Bob- who helped you spell those big words? Lucky for you that Kamala came along - ur not the dumbest Senator anymore!!!
Media reported Sessions approved and forwarded DOJ Deputy's recommendation to fire.  Who is speaking the truth?
Plz stop talking and start doing. INDEPENDENT PROSECUTER! Putin said he could destroy America in 30 mins, he is, STOP HIM & DJT!
It was the media & massive protests that exposed Watergate! Will the GOP put country over politics this time -it's their choice!
He also recused himself from matters around Hillary!!!!
Special prosecutor is needed to investigate this out of control President and restore confidence in our government!
Session recused himself, but is still involved none the less
Exactly
Yes...but also hard to understand that you & other dems didn't see this coming?  This WH isn't even hiding corruption anymore!

Well Then demand an independent investigation!!
Right?
Senator, help stop #H1B visa scam that benefits greedy corporations and hurt American workers and graduated loaded with student debt.

Serious question: Where are Comey’s files right now? Who controls them? After Nixon fired special prosecutor, office was sealed. Important.
We need an #independentProsecutor and an #IndependentCommission. No one appointed by this administration or whose wife was so appointed.
Wheres the call for Dems to boycott all Senate preceedings? Get out & protest this Senator lets see ALL of Dems walkout of the Senate now!
An independent investigating team is needed. I fear the next headline is that the Reichstag is on fire.
The circus is alive and well.  Illegal servers. Meetings in clandestine airport hangers. Wire taps of candidates. Denial of wrong doings.
Ya think? Hard to square anything with this corrupt White House. Congress needs to do its job. #independentProsecutor
Bob Casey is a disgrace. Where was your outrage with Obama illegally sending billions to Iran, in cash, unmarked bills, unmarked plane.
This PA resident would like a special prosecutor, please. By tomorrow morning, if possible.
your getting fired in "18" Senator. Time to vote you resistors out. We the people have had enough.
We need special counsel,  an independent prosecutor.
It was Obama appointee Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein that pushed P45 to fire Dir. Comey...not sessions
You need to apologize. You are a partisan senator. I would think you would state facts.
Wow. Rod Rosenstein. Who is this guy. He recommended comey should be fired. Right?  He must be a republican. No. He was appointed 94-6
Did you vote for Rod Rosenstein.
Rod Rosenstein.
We need a special prosecuter or independent imvestigation please.
There is no recusal. Sessions should resign.  He is  corrupt and a liar about his Russian interactions.
Fire him!  Ethics violations, Russia ties and for just being a mean racist little man.
Senator, we must have an independant prosecutor if we are to preserve confidence in our government.
Is this non-recusal an impeachable offense?
We demand an independent investigation now. Protect our democracy now.
I'm terrified our country is going be run by a dictator! #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #trumptreason
What a lie!!!  This FBI has no credibility. U don't either only because it's a republican. Where was ur outrage with Emma and Hillary. Joke
Senator the fight is already on. Rural versus urban PA. You won't win anymore by hiding in Philly. We want you out!!!!!
Your done Casey good by
Just as Comey signaled he's cleaning house 2 find leak/mole 2 Giuliani:2 close to 45, Flynn investigation, Russia. Pwr play 4 FBI Fight4USA
Senator Casey can't anyone stop trump? What's worse is Sessions being allowed to be involved .What does it take?
Thank YOU!!!   I have been hearing this enough.  It's insane!
Run for president in 2020.  Please, we need someone who cares about the people.
Please stop with the congenial language. This is a crisis. Start speaking in crisis tones. It is absolutely necessary. We are terrified.
They may want an email investigation or indictiment of Hillary Clinton
I am a voter & your constituent. Time for you to make noise & stop the Trump train wreck before it's too late!
please stop the Trump train wreck before he destroys this country!
Impeachment. Special prosecutor NOW!
please demand an independent investigation! Why is Trump & his family allowed to violate so many ethics rules?? Do something!
Exactly!!
The guy helped Trump win, I'm glad he's gone because he was too stupid to understand he was nothing but a stooge.  He made his bed.
On the bright side, at least Comey wasn't poisoned, like Trump's hero likes to do.
Well put. I was indeed having trouble squaring that.
Independent Prosecutor now....dont let us down Senator. enough is enough
That's why they contend it is to do with Clinton emails, not the Russian treason.
Congress owes it to the nation to get a special prosecutor that cannot be fired by Trump.
We need an independent investigation.  Trump is going to keep finding anyone with evidence against him.   Liars keep lying.
It is obvious that the Democrats are going bananas. Not so long ago you screamed for Comey's dismissal, now you are unhappy?!  Wow.
Can someone please explain to the American people what is happening?
The behavior is criminal. Sessions is guilty himself if perjury. What next?
Help us. SOS
Impossible to
True, I think this is why they pointed the cause to the HRC emails...
Thank you, sir. We need an independent investigation.
@SenBobCasey:  Please take action.
Please do something! This is out of control!
If only there were a branch of government with the ability to provide checks and balances on the Executive Branch...Oh, wait...
#WhataCoverUpLooksLike
Special prosecutor needed ASAP! This is obstruction of justice worse than Watergate!
This is a violation of #American values and an attack on justice. No one, @GOP or @DNC, should let this continue. #Comey #FBIDirector
@jeffsessions is a hate mongering racist with xenophobic agenda who is merely a hand puppet for @realDonaldTrump
We need an independent investigation
More like refusal.
Could Comey have been working with Sessions on issues other than Russia? Could Comey be trusted to not go around DOJ again?
Will Comey still testify on Thursday (as former FBI Director) https://www.intelligence.senate.gov/hearings/open-hearing-worldwide-threats-hearing-0 …
make sure he's very very well-protected. not even kidding.
You're not kidding. You're working with a dangerous group of people dead set on destroying our democracy. Get everyones head in the game
Please investigate Nazi purge of independent officials. Very afraid
WH pretends firing Comey is re HRC, but it's re axing Russia investigation. Please subpoena Trump's tax returns and financial records now!
Go get 'em, Bob!
Anything to do with Jeff Sessions is laughable and a joke!
The AG has a bunch of questions to answer. Will your republican colleagues put country over party?
Yeah! Comey is a political hack! Glad the Trump Administration got rid of him.
Thank you. Stay on it, Senator.
Senator we are at a serious crossroads. Republicans hold power in all 3 branches. Now they are trying to stop #TrumpRussia. We need SpecPros
Bob don't you have paint to watch dry, because that is how exciting you actually are
Counting on Senators like you . May be our only line of defense.
Did you know that @JudicialWatch recovered emails through court that recommended Clinton email case go to grand jury? Thought not.
Right?!?  Good luck with that.
So Bob, whatcha gonna do?
Umm..the email to lynch from Hillary stating lynch won't go to far And the secret FBI investigation for Hillary  #BestElectionEver
The timing is really suspicious. Hard not to link it to Trump-Russia investigation. WH clearly wants to slow it down or make it go away.
...and meeting Russian tomorrow?
Please do something!
Please you have to do something we are terrified
I'm with you this is so upsetting on all levels
Preach!
Hard to understand you tweeting without the phrase “special prosecutor” or “independent investigation”. Get on it.
That letter should be "Exhibit A" in the appointment of an independent Special Prosecutor.
It's all Crazy Sir.  Absolutely out of order
