Exclusive: Russian ambassador told Moscow that Jared Kushner wanted secret communications channel with the Kremlin http://wapo.st/2rHWqAt 
If this were obama, hell would be raiseded by now. What's the hold up? Are all gop complicit?
Raised.(wishing there was an edit button)
They can't be trusted
That's the answer! Join the #fascists in repressing free speech, freedom of the press and any other freedom that makes your butthurt. #MAGA
Obama had a back door too. To Iran. We demand answers to that too!
Troll.  Brainless trump puppet
Where was all the outrage when Obama was selling guns to drug dealers, leaving Americans to die in Benghazi, giving terrorists billions of$$
This information suggests we may be experiencing a national security emergency. We count on Free Press & Patriot Whistle Blowers to save us.
Who Saved you from the Communist, Trump did
, Lefty's goal is keep throwing Russian conspiracy theories so Trump can't get nothing done and hopefully take seats back next year
Thank you Sen Casey for saying that
I don't need answers.  I understand what is going on.   I want them out.
Thank you for this. I'm devastated by this monstrous presidency & the craven GOP "leadership." Cruelty & Treason their MO.
Fake News
Wow if u fuks would put this much energy, passion into doing good stuff for this country.if there was proof they would of already leaked it
Totally agree @SenBobCasey ! We demand answers now!
Thank YOU! Thank YOU! Thank YOU! #TheResistance #TrumpRussia
The American people are owed answers and deserve accountability for the 2016 Democratic Primary #DNCFraudLawsuit
Ask Obama about the Fake News
More lies and fake news from the peanut gallery
Senator, this is so important for Americans to understand how our elections R handled. Please get to the bottom of this
You will NOT BE REELECTED!!!!! LMAO
Fake News
Washington Post AGAIN Senator............try expanding your reading ! ! !
Elect Rick Saccone in 2018
You can make this happen. Stay strong.
Keep fighting for the truth. No matter where it lies.
Wow.what about talking about homeless ,hungry,jobs,realproblems.attacking Trump didn't work for Hillary,won't work for rest of greedy Dems
A follow-up of fake news?
Where was the outrage when obama was lying to us about Iran? Benghazi? All of you on the alt-left need psychiatric help.
Hours and hours and hours and millions and millions and millions spent investigating Benghazi. Doesn't this deserve the same?
Doesn't what deserve the same? There has been 0 evidence discovered at any level that indicates any collision or wrong doing. Witch Hunt.
We want answers, and we want action! Too much speculation & no one seems to be doing a damned thing to stop this!
we want answers! What is the Senate doing???
There's enough on obstruction of justice charges let alone secretive unreported collusion with Russia! Time to impeach!
Do something!
Sen. Casey, there is a clear and present danger here to our democracy so they need to be removed from our government NOW!!!! 
Lol.....
Anyone remember Obama's overheard conversation with Medvedev?
We are plain furious at this point and we want something done!! 
Bobbyyyyyyy. You never asked to investagate @HillaryClinton and her involvement with Russian and their uranium deal, now did you sweetie?
Where's the proof ?
Thank you!  Please speak up for us.  Trump is bringing out the ugly in America.  This is not who we are.
We-The-People MUST WITNESS POTUS under STRESS at PUBLIC Press Conference. PLEASE take 2 minutes & UNDERSTAND WHY He'll Crack Under Pressure!
& b4 he makes any more money off our backs!
#shutdown #teamofliars
#trumprussia

#thePeople #expect the #Truth #marchfortruth #theResistance
You have Robert Mueller, stop politicizing everything and do your job. If there is no collusion, you are going to look foolish. #termlimits
It's unacceptable how long this has gone on. We need answers and Kushner need security clearance revoked.
Putin an Trump in order of guilt,importance,an wealth,trump impoverished by comparison but thanks Americans he's working on being equal
What happened to "wait for the investigation?" :)
Bob, do you have brain damage?  "Collude" during the election & then set up a channel AFTER the election?  Get your fake timelines straight.
You need to get you head out of WaPo liberal slanted nonsense and do your own work.
This constituent agrees.
If any of this happened under HRC she would have been impeached already. GOP doublestandard is a danger to our democracy. #CountryOverParty
We got an answer from McMaster today - which clearly indicates that this WH thinks they are above the law. Time for action. DO SOMETHING.
Fake News
Fake News , Communist Rioters.
Agreed, but we must let the justice folks do their job so that they can bring proof and indictments
How about starting with Congress demanding Trumps, Kushners taxes or demanding IRS or Treasury turn them over in the name of nat'l security?
Sir we are counting on you to be honest and courageous for this nation's future.We are here with you every step of the way
Come to support #MarchForTruth in Philly next week. We need to get him out and need you and our other MOC. @RepBrendanBoyle @SenToomey
Again, who is going to do anything.  GOP won't. It seems they are all complicit and took campaign money from Russians.
What about your vote for a $15 living wage?
American people need assurance security clearances for Jared & Ivanka Trump have been revoked until investigations end.
@SenBobCasey - I feel like we have Stalin AND Hitler in the White House. Leadership (immediately) needs to ACT.  Honor our fallen heroes
@SenBobCasey How are we honoring the fallen, on this #MemorialDayWeekend,  when our public officials refuse to act upon this #TrumpRussia
Oh I can't wait till you and yours are gone  all you douchebags are concerned about is your own political Futures  people be damned
We have a bunch of carpet baggers running our country. Stop delaying and act, now.
At the very least, you should start pulling clearances. Now!!
When will the "Adults" in DC show up. Our countries national security could be in jeopardy. No time for partisan politics.
Shut up and get to work. I don't think you know the meaning of the word!  Dufus
Yes. We are done waiting for GOP to step up. Plz tell Mr McCain we are not waiting for any more shoes to drop. We are smushing the centipede
I think we are owed removal of this administration and restoration of law and order
Again we are taking the WaPo at their word? Where are the Comey letters that no one has seen and you don't have?  #FakeNewsMSM #lies #Russia
This is outrageous we have a spy as an executive or in his sphere.
The democrat #treason. Not going to work #fakenews & #fakeoutrage will not result in a coup anytime soon so begin working for US #MAGA
This is your president
The American people are owed an impeachment as soon as possible before this Russian clown and his complicit @GOP do any additional damage.
You like the rest of the democrats are worthless start doing something to help America and stop this BS
Yes sir, we certainly are owed answers!
You Dems just cant let it go even tho its been said over and over there is no evidence of collusion
Thanks, Bob! You care about your constituents and it shows! #Indivisible #UniteBlue
I think we have the answers. We just need this Administration OUT. All of them.
@washingtonpost @gregpmiller yes! Are we "there" yet, @RepSmucker ?
Please Senator! Stop this! We are so afraid our country is turning fascist& we are suffering  in  ways including more hate & economically
Totally agree! Feel like our democracy is under siege and GOP leadership just blatantly ignores it!!
Thank you, sir, for doing what you can. I'm in PA and proud of you.
So now you are demanding answers because of allegations a lying Russian spy made. Trump smarter than all you crooked politicians.
Fuck the administration, Congress better act NOW! The executive is now a foreign agent as far as I can tell.
What will it take to force these answers? This is getting ridiculous
If I was comrade Kushner I would catch a flight to Moscow now.
Thank you!
Sir, all due respect, we need to fight w/ We are passed the point of rhetoric We NEED ACTION No more riled up librarian voice do SOMETHING
Yes Senator but your @GOP colleagues are the ones sitting on their hands and propping this travesty up with their "furrowed brows "
We're past the point of answers and need to be on in to the removal and prosecution stage.
We need an independent investigation not run by congress. Clearances revoked. Any other person doing this would be liable for reason to US.
"After the election we can talk" BHO to Putin, USA Uranium Stocks Sold to Russia. Russia pay $500k to Former Pres. for talking fees
I have lost faith in the GOP party & the Americans who support them. They. Just. Don't. Care.
Hypocrisy at it's best !
fake news that you, being the lightweight hack you are, just spew misinformation,nothing is confirmed,you must go in 2018
Enough of feeding these nonsense to the Americans. Do something good. Stop @GOP healthcare, budget and abolish #H1B and other similar scams.
Can we meet them at the Tarmac and make some citizen arrests until this shit is sorted?
Like I said before, maybe Flynn should be locked up in Guantánamo and water boarded for answer.(or just for the fun of it).
These are treasonous acts and Congress better take action! The integrity of our entire country is at stake. @SenateDems @SenateGOP
i don't want answers I want the same kind of treatment that any other US serviceman would recieve, locked up and then........
The answers lie not in what they say but in ALL their financial records!! #FollowTheMoney
Answers from 45's administration are often lies. No one can forget that much contact with the Russians unless they have Alzheimer's.
The American people really care about jobs, secure borders, and smaller government. You are out of touch with the real world. Grow up
The secret service picked up on the insurrection and started doing what patriots do! Warning the poeople before it too late! No leakers HERO
Better wake America! Real fast! Before Trump and Putin start sending wheelbarrows to retrieve your bodies! It happens that fast!
The American people are owed the answer why #H1B and similar guest worker visa SCAMS still exist and not abolished by the Congress.
Thank you Sen Casey- this all stinks. Kushner should have security clearance taken away immediately
The Dems should have their taken away and never given one again
The answer is this is mostly Bullshit. You want to look for Collusion? Look at the Clintons and the DNC and the past administration. Losers.
Amen!
We're owed a lot more than answers Bob. We're owed an impeachment and right quick. @SenToomey better get on board too.
Um, didn't YOU and YOUR party celebrate Russian reset??

Didn't ur buddy Barry promise more flexibility with Russia after his last election?
Dump this adminstration and let's get back to running this country. Enough is enough. I want my country back.
And action by Republican Majority Congress
We will not get answers from them. They are the enemy and should be considered as such.
With daily concerns breaking everyday, we are forced to live the worst in our democracy, while rallying many to want to go back to the best!
We need all of these crooks out and a new Election. We know the election was hacked to install DT so why are we allowing them to stay?
Respectfully, while we wait for "answers" (lies) from this admin, I'd recommend revoking some security clearances TODAY.
Yes, Scott! We must " NOT " leave things the way they are! We need damage control on Donald Trump himself! President my butt!
Please do something,  our country is in crisis
And what are you planning to do about it?
HE'S ONE SENATOR WE NEED ACTION FROM THE PEOPLE BEFORE THE REST OF THEM GET OFF THEIR BUMS AND ACT!!!!
Your more concerned with Kushner texting someone in Russia than Obama giving nukes to Iran
But no one seems to be doing anything about this! Why isn't Congress taking action?
Within 2 weeks 2 high level Dems arrested for child sex abuse. Is this why you try to silence Trump? More arrests coming ng
Any concern about the illegal spying & abuse of FISA warrants by Obama? Worse than Watergate. Obstructionist Dems are Unamerican scum
WaPo= CIA. More anonymous sources, memo's no one sees. Deep State working OT to reverse a fair election
@washingtonpost you ARE REACTING TO NEWS ARTICLES FROM UNNAMED SOURCES
Thank you Senator.
Hey Bob, are you saying the administration should give made up answers to your made up questions? Innuendos are not facts
They're creating a "war room" to handle the situation. Who are they "at war" with? The American people?
Yes we do. Time to get Hillary investigation in full swing, fast and furious to name a couple. (Long list) you are right we need answers.
Hey Bob, where's the evidence? Stop tweeting bogus media reports and start  working for your constituents! Worthless
Uniquely the #TrumpAdmin is very closed mouthed about anything but completely implausible bullshit.
Their answers would b more lies! #FollowTheMoney There's enough evidence now 2 #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachPence but GOP don't put #CountryB4Party
Hey bob and you believe a Russian janitor at his word
BobCASEY WHAT CONSTRUCTIVE THING DID YOU FOR USA LAST WEEK? BESIDE OBSTRUCTING THE PROGRESS 0F PRESIDENT TRUMP!CF MANAGING PARTNER, F&F CPAs
I truly hope your colleagues in @SenateGOP @HouseGOP will rise up and help you do something about this.  @SenToomey @RepTomMarino
do something about what
Oh, you know, that problem w Jared
what problem? The article even says five paragraphs down he is not under investigation
Fake News!!
Malcolm Nance is worried about what the back channel was set up for? Nuclear codes perhaps?
And Jared needs his security clearance pulled immediately please!
why?

Yes. Shit is exactly what you are Brian!
Classy....

True. And it's been true for months. What will YOU do about it? We're waiting. Seems like justice is dead
Justice has been bought and paid for by the riches deepest pockets in the world! Way too many world citizens and multinational corporations!
There I'd NO plausible explanation or justification for this. It's shocking and beyond anything we've ever experienced before.
And we are owed answers from the GOP. They are complicit in this.
The American people are owed ACTION...and the 1st action must be to immediately remove Kushner's security clearance.
NO one does anything to hold Trump/Kushner accountable. Do something Democrats! Every one of you
Democrats only "concern" is #Obama crimes will be discovered, just as we discovered his illegal NSA surveillance!
Russian troll
Tax cuts for the wealthy? The senior Bush and Bill Clinton raised taxes giving us more prosperity than we had for many years.Do the history!
There's the answer that our people must be made aware of Bob!
Thank you. 
Kushner always wants something. Respect from his family for one.So trump made him an advisor.He can't advise his family biz.Ignorant DT.
"It's troubling... but about those tax cuts for the wealthy ..." is what we will hear next
Rich people aren't bad. It's what they do or don't do with the money that is bad. Plenty or rich people who do good with what they have.
One problem... any answers they give will be bullshit.
