Findings that Russian President Vladimir Putin deliberately tried to sway the election for Russia's gain confirm what we already knew.
Both parties should be outraged by Russia’s behavior. We must work together to protect our democracy. https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
With the release of this report there should be no doubt about Russia’s actions. This is part of a pattern of hacking activity.
it’s vital that @realdonaldtrump commit to keeping the sanctions punishing Russia for its behavior in place.
if @realdonaldtrump shows weakness & lifts sanctions against Russia, it will invite other cyber attacks.
Intel report makes clear the need for a special, select congressional committee to investigate Russia’s interference in our election.
Yes this needs to be investigated and a hearing!!
but why is it that when we interfere with other nations, it's ok??
@O530CarrisPT What Russia did IS an Act of War.
Of course it is an act of war, more precisely, an act of cyberwar.
It is the only kind of War Russia can wage on the US and not be wiped out of existence.
Of course it is. Russia can't afford a full-size conventional war with either U.S., UK, France or even China, because it's costly.
True. The Russian economy is the size of Australia's, it isn't the economy of a Great Power.
I think that is the size of UK. Russia is a regional power, not a Great Power like China, US or even Japan.
Uk is 5th, Russia is 13 right behind Australia and on par with Spaon6 (14), and Mexico  (15).
Now after the #Brexit, UK is 7th. And about Russia, I always thought that was on the UK & Italy level. My Mistake.
You really mean our politically appointed partizan spy chiefs who lie to the American people, claim this? It must be stopped!!!
so what do you propose that we all do, Senator?
What lesson was learned?They can do it over & over again.The candidate they chose won & we do nothing.,Teaching kids ok 2 cheat
u talking about the general or the primary?
What have you done to arm us with cyber initiatives.
CHINA, IRAN, RUSSIA doing for yrs.
Do we recall a #nastywoman saying such things? 
Live on TV too. Big ratings.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=epYRlVRYVJQ … 
.@SenBobCasey You've not done anything thus far.  Come 20th it will be brushed under the carpet. Congress just confirmed a traitor president
what is the Senate going to do about Trump?  Putin released a statement that makes it look like they are colliding
American citizens want a bipartisan select committee to investigate #russianinterference of the present election!
@pricklyeater Now that we know what Russia did... We deserve a reelection!!!!!!!
We deserve it. But THAT'S not going to happen. So, we will FORGE AHEAD! Coalesce!
Good luck with that. Russia has already won. Trumps Americans don't think this is a problem.
Thank you from a loyal voter in Bucks Co, PA
@zsarrina We must not allow it NOW!!! This entire election is fraudulent & tainted. This Russian lame duck cannot take office.
@MrsEmmaJK what did they do exactly? Expose Hilary? How was that essentially wrong? You did your best to expose Trump...
Or the Russian Tampered elect-president to b Enthroned on his Loui-the-not-fabulous lamé Throne! Trump!s not the rightful Heir!
yes but what about NOW???
@JWGOP So where were you today when a senator was needed to challenge the validity of the electoral? #LessTalkMoreAction
Japan just wiped out the Pacific Fleet. "We must never allow this to happen again." Good enough? Really?
With all due respect, Senator, the American ppl are appalled that our leaders are not investigating Trump's obvious collusion.
It appears our 'leaders' no longer care to lead, just to profit.  Trump is a criminal and a fraud. Congress is fine with that.
Is there no one in Washington with enough courage and decency to speak up for the people?  That's your job!
@NoLiesLizzy why did you let it happen this time? Intel knew in October!
the PEOTUS throws water on US Intelligence-he's been promoting good feelings for Putin since his campaign, now it makes sense.
Thank you Senator for fighting to protect American democracy. @JWGOP
Good luck in getting Putin's puppet to understand the severity of of Russia's actions.
U realize u missed a chance to have it not happen this time. U were silent when @MaxineWaters called for aid to reject #EC 2day
But apparently we can let it go this time, huh? That's the message I got when you failed to object to the EC vote today
Again?! Don't let it succeed this time!!
@JWGOP  We must not allow THIS election to stand as its legitimacy was irreconcilably compromised by the Putin attack.
@Truthbuster Why did you confirm the @ElectoralCollge votes then?
@JWGOP Intel also confirmed Russian intent was to elect #Trump, so WHY are @SenateDems enabling #GOP Manchurian Candidate? WHY?

Kremlin intrusion: Should the US AG Lynch appoint an independent counsel to probe whether any US citizens were criminally complicit?
should the U.S. stop doing it too, then?
@JWGOP thank you for your sanity
Sir, millions of Americans now know Trump is a Russian puppet, possible a compromised one. We need new elections. #BenedictDon
did you read the report?it contains no detail or proof,just blind trust in what they say,never again,they lie to everyone
@ginaholt15 Did it check for collusion on part of trump or his advisors. We need to know if treason before inauguration.
.@SenBobCasey when Pearl Harbor was attacked, did we say "we must never allow this to happen again?" Or did we ACT? Trump is illegitimate!
Asshat praises Japanese internment camps but not retribution for an attack on our democracy. BULLSHIT
@karolcummins how about investigating trump and flynn colluding with putin?
The public wants to know just how much Trump knew or requested NOW!   Investigate that B4 Jan 20!
trump and flynn have some significant relationship with putin
Scary
The Russians must not be allowed to get their idiot into office We should demand a new election now
Also investigate Cross-Check voter suppression @Greg_Palast
Report also confirms DNC hindered FBI investigation- I didn't hear your or any other liberal voice of outrage on that
@mikesmith8026 wake up!!! HITLERY was the worst candidate ever.
@mikesmith8026 Hey Bob: everyone that gave $ to the CLINTON FOUNDATION tried to determine our election + the CROOKED MEDIA.
once Putin's stooge is planted in office as our Commander-in-Chief it will become almost impossible to undo the damage
Trump continues to lie to America. Be strong, bold and brave.
@ActorAaronBooth No Senator! You can't accept it this time!  If we don't want outside interference twice we don't want it once!
I agree. But let's start at the source - the data - on clintons illegal, private email server. That should never happen again
How do you go about stopping it from happening again??
# Can we safely say that Donald Trump has been confirmed as a delegitimate President-Elect?
the Obama administration did worse to Israel's leader. Then betrayed our friend in Israel. Get off your high horses politicians
@oldmanjust1 Tell McConnell, I'll bet he disagrees.
Let's begin by replacing voting machines with no paper trail here in PA.
that feel when all my news outlets agree on a thing
Thank you @SenBobCasey for being a true patriot.  @SenToomey  Please consider putting country over party and supporting investigations.
investigation of trump
