Breaking News: Michael Flynn may have violated the law by failing to fully disclose business dealings with Russia http://nyti.ms/2q31OgK 
@nytimes IT HAS TO HAPPEN. Help me understand what I can do as a citizen. @SenToomey This is critical! 18657
and the other 280 million Americans as well
WITH REPUBLICANS IT IS PARTY BEFORE COUNTRY AND DOMINATION AT ALL COSTS.
Many GOP involved. 

Burr has over $20k invested in Russia oil drilling. He needs to recuse. Then be investigated. 

#IndependentCommission
There has got to be something that can be done! Tired of waiting! 
And the Logan act violation?
Cite ONE example of ANY evidence that shows POTUS is in violation of this act super genius.
I wager that unmasking the name of a private citizen in a surveilled call is where the criminal charges lie. Via Obama Admin.
And here's where you change the subject, of course. 

But since you bring that up, I can't stand Rice; but she didn't unmask. Read up on IC.
The IC does the unmasking. The document is redacted when it goes before them initially.
You are missing the point. IC can't unmask without authorization. Perhaps you need to read up on how IC works.
former W NSC aide Michael Doran, 'The procedure then was to submit a request to the NSA w/justification.' NSA then must approve the request.
The WH doesn't want Americans to know the depth of their corruption, perhaps to the point of treason, so they obstruct at every opportunity.
"Why is there air" is beyond you. Your out of touch.
1. Party over Country
2. Russian Collusion runs deep with Rs
3. Big $$$ from Putin
They are traitors, all @sentoomey
Exactly- how long are we going to have to read these headlines before someone finally DOES something!?! This is unacceptable
Agreed!
Please keep fighting for this investigation. This is so important for our democracy.
Because @SenateGOP are anti-democratic crooks and liars would be my guess.
@nytimes is it really ? Perhaps because they are also guilty traitors profiting from it.
It's unbelievable
#complicit  Petrified of the outcome 'cause they know the verdict will be GUILTY OF TREASON  #complicit #Traitors
Because they are Guilty TOO!
I am calling and sending postcards to HIC and SIC members. Will do more...
It's 5th in line behind Obama spying, Hillary's non profit scam, IRS spying, AG Lynch meeting with Bill. Guess dem crimes don't count.
@nytimes  Because their greed & partisanship outweigh concern 4 their country & it's people.
Why @SenateGOP won’t get on board with an independent investigation is beyond me. https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/856902021923917824 …
They r hiding something.    That's why.
It's because the @GOP has something to hide & will lose bigly if investigations go deep enough.
Greed, and a fear of not being re-elected? Go get 'em, Senator!
You all are crying over this. What about the Clinton's. You Dems are a two sided coin. Get real
It's beyond all of us. But I'm thinking it has something to do with the GOP being complicit. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
There is a lot beyond you.
Was it "beyond you" not to get on board when Hillary was under FBI CRIMINAL investigation? Hypocrite.
Why @GOP wants to mandate MURDER of people with pre-existing conditions - except for Members of Congress, is beyond me.
Simple: complicit.
Collusion? So many implicated in this Russian mess? This is what I and many others believe. The GOP is now the party of collaborators.
compromised and Russia has them blackmailed.... they are in on it...they are being "compensated"   pick which treasonous criminal one u want
Because they know where there's smoke, there must be a fire.
Because they're criminals
There must be a way to force this issue?
@RepMcCaul i agree. but Representative Michael McCaul seems to be on leave. have you seen him? lots of folks in his district are wondering!
Senator, it's called a major GOP cover up
The GOP is afraid of finding out Trump was put in office by Putin. How much destruction of this government does it take for them to wake up?
Because, taxes:
I look forward to @POTUS @realDonaldTrump tax proposal. Agree that real reform doesn’t need to be revenue neutral.
Because every single one of them is complicit?
You really don't understand? We all know why.
because MOST of them are guilty of it also! Check out THEIR backers, bet there are a few Russians hiding there.
Because trump is guilty. Lock him up. Bad pres.
Ok I distill why: they are a bunch of ignorant syncopants. Does that work. If this was HRC we'd have nuclear war in senate committees.
most everything is beyond you...
What is the hold up? Everyone just milling around shrugging their shoulders not wanting to make waves? Keep pushing.
"They" (you guys) haven't figured out if he violated any rules yet?  Are the rules of ethics that difficult to navigate?
Because it not independent....it's stacked for democrats answers
We Democrats need to stop playing nice.
Beeeecaussseeeee he's no longer employed by the Government? #thick
Because then they can't control it and they are afraid of what the truth is. REAL Patriots would not be afraid to root out traitors.
Guess they all have something to hide.  What are we to do?
Because they are complicit or they believe that the benefit of getting another Supreme Court Justice outweighs the cost of betraying the US.
Hate to be the one to break out to you, Senator, but a bunch of your colleagues are going to prison.
Because they would end up losing power.  Justice and doing what is right be damned.
If trump has compromised too many in the leadership, it could happen
Because Koch/Mercer and Russian money dictates what the GOP does. Our democracy has been sold by the craven GOP
Because many GOP including @HouseGOP are complicit. I have no doubt some will be going to jail. GOP=Putin. Putin=GOP.  Shameful.
Will be interesting to see which GOP members have dirt on them via Putin. Think of the shame they'll bring on their families?
Be loud, Senator. The only people you will offend wouldn't vote for you under any circumstances. Take advantage and go out front on this.
One would think the few who aren't complicit would push for an investigation. Save the party before it's too late for all of them.
@nytimes oh come one, obviously they have a lot to lose and more to hide.
There are a lot of things beyond you bob. You are part of a failing party only interested in obstructing and socialism. Wrong side dude!
Let me help you out here - because they are cowards who care more about the @GOP than they do our country.
We need an independent investigator for the Clinton Foundation, IRS targeting private citizens and one for the SoS selling deals to Russia.
It reeks with voters as well!
You know the reason. People have to be called out- but particularly by those who can do something about it.
We all know why, Senator. If we're wrong then your colleagues should join us in calling for an #IndependentCommission.
No mystery here. They knew. They're complicit. They want to maintain power.
Because @SenatorBurr cares about nobody but himself! As his constituent I can tell you he won't respond to any messages or hold a town hall
Why Clinton's involvement with the Russians the selling of our uranium wasn't investigated by you is beyond me
We need one.  Deserve truth.  This is our democracy.   Please preserve it's integrity.
@nytimes waiting for just one member of CIA/FBI to give Intelligence committee reports showing the hard collusion.    Nada
The American people are going to demand it!  If yhecwantvto keep their jobs they better distance themselves from the Russian puppet
@nytimes Billionaires have connections with Russia.Ummm as does every other company in America. it really is a non story
@SenatorBurr is complicit. #BurrMustRecuse
Its your job to find out!! We demand an #IndependentInvestigationNow.
I think it's because Mitch McConnell and Paul Ryan are somehow involved.
because they know he's guilty
Because they are hypocrites, liars, and only care about having power. America be damned
If you, as a member of the Senate, can't force an investigation, what do the people need to do to DEMAND it?  It's time to stop the BS
Because they are corrupt and complicit & want to hide that.
#wontgetonboard? DEMAND IT! Do whatever it takes legally,subpoena ! Tell us what we can do! @maddow @Lawrence obstructing justice!
They are waiting for it to get so bad that they have no choice. Meanwhile nothing gets done.
Yea a true mystery for the ages.
Agreed!!
Maybe they are waiting for independent investigaton of HRC, Rice & Lerner
Could be the Republican Party would be a whole lot smaller if this investigation is allowed to continue.
Americans will remember all the times u Dems blocked Trump u only make Dems look bad & Senate elections r coming. LOOSERS
It's not beyond you. It's eminently clear.
@NoFascistsPls @SenateGOP Well Bob, I'm gonna go with...Because @gop colluded w/Russia up and down the ballot. Took $ or info.
Because it's about party, not country!!  They all need to get the boot!
Too many dirty hands
Maybe @PatToomey would be able to handle that question if he did not disappear #resittrump #Trumprussia
Because they all sold out to the highest bidder  yup even @SenJohnMcCain   I am so disgusted with them all
They all have something to hide
With all due respect, no it's not. They are engaged in a cover-up. They're complicit.
GOP is shooting g themselves inthe foot by resisting an independent investigation. It will comeback to haunt them in mid terms!!
Because they were involved Senator.  Several of the GOP leaders have benefited financially.
What's in it for them to *not*  get on board?  Likely more damaging in the end to them. They should be distancing themselves instead!
They're covering up or sweeping under the rug all of this administration's shadiness. #Trumprussia #Complicit
Politics??
Who knows how deep this goes.  The good guys have their work cut out for them.  #wearewatching
Psst...they're all dirty.
Beyond all of us
Saw @maddow report last night, another committee isn't working?! Ur constituents want answers to trump/Russia!
They are... What's the word?...Oh yeah, complicit it this. McConnell took money and info from the Russians too.
Party before country.
Starting at the top, they're about as hypocritical as they come. Party over people in the GOP
As a citizen, I'd sure like to know why the Senate Republicans aren't pursuing this. Are more involved?
#trumptrain #maga
It's not beyond you, or anyone else on this fecking planet.
At some point, don't they become complicit?
We the People are going to have to file a class action or somehow call a Constitutional  crisis...thoughts anyone?
Shit, our own elected officials are allowing this all to happen. They don't know wtf to do. We're done for. They know it
Oh what could it be????
You know why; they're all in it neck-deep.
why? it’s pretty clear to me. #complicit
