Senator I agree, he is way too extreme, and his evasiveness did not sit well. We need a more moderate candidate, ie Garland.
No...we need a judge who will follow the Constitution, NOT legislate (create law).
Justice's interpret the law.
the LIBERAL one's try to write / legislate. We know what they are suppose to do, but they do NOT always do it
nope, they review and rule on existing law, they don't write legislation.
They don't have to WRITE to legislate. Sorry, we simply disagree. Court going conservative for decades to come
No, you are confusing the legislative and judicial branches of government.
NOT confusing anything. Thank-you. I know how the 3 branches of govt work, and about Supreme Court. (is going Conservative)
He is not the right choice and there shouldn't even BE a vote until FBI investigation of administration is complete!
Pennsylvania has had enough of your partisan voting, do the right thing and #confirmgorsuch
I'm a Crawford County resident. I support you and your NO VOTE on Gorsuch. Thank you Senator.
shallow, flawed article.
You are a political hack.Gorsuch is a well qualified.As an independent constituent in PA, you lost my vote next election cycle.
I've read some of Goruch's opinions. Definitely allows political lean influence his legal decisions. Not good
It's good for conservatives...just depends on what side of fence u r on. Guess old lady Ginsburg should step down for being liberal?
Gorsuch is as good as they come. Follows the law as it is written. I'm a PA resident, sick of the partisan politics. Vote YES
Oppose cloture as well.
Actually, he is. But, you #libtards want activist judges that legislate from the bench with their feelings. Dangerous. #libtard
In other words you want a judge that rules based on feelings instead of the law @senbobcasey?
He sure is fit & more!  #Sotomayor had a 60% reversal at high court. #Democrats like you are just being #obstructionists. #MAGA
So Bob you don't want a someone who follows the US Constitution?  2018 coming up...
This is clearly a political move with no common sense whatsoever. You deserve to be voted out of office.
Thank you, Senator. Stay strong!
Thank you for continuing to stand against this nomination.  This constituent strongly supports filibuster!
And you do not have the right commitment to select this choice!
As a Pa resident I'm disappointed that you disregard us and and blindly follow dem leadership. Pa Voters are Watching!!
move to California, we want Hunter in trade.  GO!
thank you for supporting the people of Pennsylvania. 
Your state went 4 Trump Biggest decider 4 moderate Dems & Independents was SCOTUS vacancies. Doesn't that make u nervous?
Thank you for taking a brave stand in a state that went for Trump. when your election comes around, I will be donating from MA.
Tell your friends!
get ready to loose your senate seat. Proud PA voter here that opposes your decision not to vote for this fine judge
well you aren't the right choice for a Senator either but Penn. is stuck with you till the next election when they TOSS YOU OUT
This is shameful partisanship for the sake of headlines. NG is eminently qualified & hearings proved as much. #confirmgorsuch
Big mistake, I will actively and aggressive campaign for your opponent, who ever that is, if you vote NO!
opponent for his seat thus far, who has reached out to Senator Casey for a debate is Dale Kerns LP.
Also waiting for @RepMeehan decision
Well.....maybe not for your left wing lunacy!
RESIGN!!!!!   @SenBobCasey
Good luck in 2018, Bobby #YouWillLose #AmericaWillProsper
But you're forgetting, Schumer already voted for Judge Gorsuch once before! Priceless!
Then you may not be the right choice to support PA after the next election.  Quit playing games, and forward this nomination
you are not the right choice for PA. Goodbye Bob Casey. Time for an outsider as well. Dale Kerns for U.S. Senate. 2018.
What a stupid conclusion. If you want "better" decisions, pass better laws
you need to do your job and have him confirmed quickly.  No wonder I'm not a Democrat.
It is sickening that a judge who has voted with the majority 98% of the time is being played off as some out-of-touch judge.
I just want to think @SenHarryReid  for the nuclear option.  Whine all u want Casey not gonna change anything
you and the rest are just being spiteful.  Quit acting like 5 yo kids that didn't get your way.  Your harming America
Thank you and I will be happy to campaign for you!  You make me proud to have you represent us!
Thank you! Stay strong! #realPA is behind you.
Thank you for recognizing need for real fairness!  This vote should be filibustered until  ind. investigation clears Trump team
then you haven't completed adequate research. Quit being a slave to ideology & your partisanship & study the body of his work.
I thope enough voters in the Keystone state disagree with that statement. Sad that you have to follow your leader #senate2018
Senator Casey is not the right choice for PA in 2018. Not getting my vote
STRONGLY AGREE with you, Sir. Not even about his corporate rulings...but SCOTUS said today his rulibg was WRONG AND overturned
I hope that means you will vote against him.
I'll be dedicating resources and working hard to make sure you are primaried and no longer a US Senator! #MAGA #AmericaFirst
Too bad you're in the minority #gonuclear!
there is no better pick than Gorsuch. Stop being a constant obstructionist. I thought u were better than schumer. Guess not
I expected better from you.  I can't wait till 2018.  You lost my vote.
So the right choice is someone that votes only the way you like is that it?  I'm tired of party politics.
You will not have my vote for re-election without a yes vote from you to confirm.
You are another liberal political hack.  I hope the voters of Penn remember that next year.  You libs have ZERO credibility
I can't wait to vote against this Dem Zealot.  The status of the Upper-Chamber being above the fray is irrevocably damaged.
you allegiance is not to the people of pa. it is to the unions and the democratic party.  you are part of the problem in govt.
and you are NOT the right choice, to be re-elected. What decision did this judge make (in his past), that was NOT fair?
Gorsuch is an ethical man. There is no good reason not to fill the vacancy with him.
Dale Kerns 2018
that because he wont twist the law to your ideology because He is a Constitutional Judge PERIOD
Admit it Senator! No SCOTUS nominee of POTUS is "acceptable"! #2018endoflineforCasey!
you lost my vote
you weakened this country, you drove up our debt more than all former President's combined.  You will be voted out
He is a man that upholds the Constitution unlike you and the likes of you.  You and all the dems destroyed this country,
THANK YOU SENATOR!
TY for decision 2 #StopGorsuch & protect #workingAmericans; #heartlessruling overturned by #SCOTUS;#Mansplaining Sen Klobuchar
U wouldn't know a wonderful (Gorsuch)choice if u fell on it-u r too blinded by ur greed 2 get $$stuff$$ from the dems-SHAMEFUL!
We agree. Fight.
Sorry you are making a really big mistake and I will do all I can to help defeat you in the next elections. Vote Yes
thank you Senator!
I agree Senator Casey! Filibuster! #GorsuchHearing
@foxnews So Bob, I guess the only requirement for your vote is your own ignorance. But of course it is not political.
thank you!!
thank you! He is qualified for sure, but #gorsuch does not rule in the interest of the people, only corporations.
you may not be the right choice to fulfill a senate seat as well
NO to Gorsuch, another White religious nutjob who cares only about the rich.
When does your term end? You are the elitist we r trying to eliminate
say yes to Gorsuch or say goodbye next election!!
Your partisan treatment of this esteemed individual is disgraceful. Very much looking forward to backing your opponent in 2018.
Will NOT be supporting you come election time. You are there to support your state's voters not your personal agenda #PA4Trump
U certainly R expert in being "not the right choice to fulfill this commitment"  judging by your time in the Senate.  Time 2 go
Thank you for voting NO. It remains a stolen SCOTUS seat.
Thank you Senator. I hope this means you will filibuster the nomination, not just vote no.
Partisan Hack, not the right choice, you mean he is the Right's choice and so you say NO..partisan hack! Following the playbook
what kind of stupid statement is this?just a hack politician that we're getting rid in 2018 of due to no term limits,shameful
- His certainly the more correct choice to be a Supreme Court Justice than you as a Senator.
I won't be voting for you next time around. At some point government has to work together.
And you will NOT be the right choice in 2018, either! #buhbye
a president under investigation for collusion w/Russia should NOT be able to nominate a SCOTUS. Thank you #resist #NoTrumpCare
go back to sleep Bob and update that resume. See ya!!!
If Gorsuch is not the right choice for Supreme Court Justics, than maybe you are not the right choice for Senate race in 2018.
His testimony is evasive, brash & more dramatic than a Hollywood actor. Fillibuster -Garland wasn't given time of day by GOP!
Sounds like we saw diff hearing than you did, Bob. Gorsuch is qualified and a man of integrity to uphold Const.  His politics are irrelevant
keep up the good work Senator! #filibuster
consider this your last term then Senator. We The People WILL vote you out!
You are 100% absolutely wrong!
And you ALWAYS do as instructed by the Democrat leadership.
The New Haven CN firefighters would not have gotten "equal treatment" if there was one more Liberal on the Supreme Count
visualize arenas across PA full of @POTUS supporters as he campaigns for your replacement. #EnjoyRetirement
What about racial quotas? Is that equal treatment under the law? What about using "disparate outcomes" to set racial quotas?
YES!!
NO ON GORSUCH #STOLENSEAT
The fact that Judicial Crisis Network/Heritage spent  $10+ million on ads for #gorsuch is questionable. Why is that important ?
Yes sir! Proud of you.
Thank you for opposing Gorsuch. You are a HERO to the American People for doing your part to defeat this nominee. #HEROgov
Nice knowing you Bobby ! Enjoy the private sector!
- ridiculous liberal grandstanding....as usual you are politicizing what should be a bipartisan process. #GrowUp
there should be no confirmations until the investigation with Russia is over
thank you, from one of your constituents
Judge Gorsuch is the correct choice!  He is a far better person than you are.  Maybe you ought to resign!
You're hedging your bets thinking Trump will fail. You will lose this battle and the war for your Senate seat. Vote yes #scotus
I am sure that just got you a lot of swamp money. Won't help you in 2018. All that money didn't help Hillary either.
Well, it was nice knowing you. Bye Bye. Don't let the door hit you on the way out.
Merrick Garland is the only choice, at this point.
He's a great choice! #ConfirmGorsuch
suggesting this nominee is an unfair judge?? Meanwhile YOUR re-election bias is palpable. #NeilGorsuch
looks like you're not the right choice to represent us in Washington.
your last term, enjoy, from West Mifflin , will do all We can to unseat you. You are the wrong person
.And you, @SenBobCasey, are not the right choice in 2018!
Thank you.
He is not the right choice and this administration is corrupt. Thanks for fighting.
You arer a complete fraud Bob. An absolute embarrassment to the Commonwealth of PA.
PA here and for JudgebGoruch!
thank u. We, the people will remember. @QHancroft @sonnycole @ekcj1234 @Merrirrro @Melandgabb2 @GabrielAlon @LaCina52 @lc_fern
Total BS! You just want to fight. Has nothing to do with Gorsuch. You should be ashamed of yourselves!!
Nothing to see here folks, as the sky's not falling, move along, move along now folks.
he's perfect. Stop your whining snowflakes
thank you!! This is the right decision for your constituents and the country!!
bye bye Bobby.
Gorsuch as qualified as Sotomyor and Kagan. I'm life-long PA resident and am very disappointed w/ur decision. #confirmgorsuch
I can't wait til 2018 when you lose
Thank you, senator!
he's going to make a GREAT Supreme Court justice.  Looking forward to him being on the court for decades to come!!
Voting no isn't going to look good for you 
Writings on the wall Mr Casey
You're a hack.
Thank you!! Technically, I think all nominees should be blocked until Garland gets a hearing, but it's a start.
Bye Bob!
.@SenBobCasey
Thank you!
THANK YOU!
T H A N K    Y O U   ! ! ! 
#resist  #standstrong
YOU ARE A HYPOCRITE. WILL NEVER VOTE FOR YOU AGAIN
Now it is time to confirm a conservative justice. Senator, give Judge Gorsuch a full vote in the Senate."
The President deserves his pick if he's qualified. Gorsuch is very well qualified, much more so than Garland.
Like Obama's pick was given a fair hearing?
There was no requirement he be given a "fair hearing" on the floor of the Senate. Under the circumstances, IMO..
Strongly disagree.
You are clearly following your liberal, party line. U R a self-serving bureaucrat & couldn't care less about your constituents!
Thank you, Senator! Good decision imho
Good choice, sticking up for women and workers.
get some balls
Thank you for being one of the few in office at the moment that has the guts to 'JUST SAY NO'.
#FilibusterGorsuch and will will support you in your re-election!
I'm a PA voter. Anyone opposed to Gorsuch is so blindingly partisan they shouldn't be in office. Bye Felicia.
he ABSOLUTELY IS
Thank you:)
: thank you Senator 
Bye Bobby.
I will enjoy donating to your 2018 opponents campaign and watching you be removed from office after years of doing nothing
vote against Gorsuch &prepare to feel it at the polls!!
Dems have lost over 1000 legislative seats since '08 and seem prepared to lose even more.
Bob Casey? Is he still alive? Thought he expired w/Obama.
Nope he is alive, kicking and trying to keep us safe.
Thank you for standing strong!
Please support a filibuster. The GOP destroyed the process and now Trump is under investigation.
Thank you, Sen. Casey!
PLEASE VOTE FOR JUDGE GORSUCH!!!!!!! Your truly, your constituent.
Thank you Senator Casey. I appreciate the work you're doing for us.
thank you, I'm a pa voter and I support filibustering this nominee!
It's more than that. It's a stolen seat that's being filled by an administration under FBI investigation. Stay strong!
pander to: Gratify or indulge (an immoral or distasteful desire or taste or a person with such a desire or taste)
you are so wrong on so ignoring your own states wishes ! You have lost your moderate leaning republican votes on this one
I believe in states' rights. The Federal government has no business coercing local police departments.
You can believe in both & not just use the states rights argument when it's politically advantageous.
Anyway, if the GOP truly wanted to curb illegal immigration, it would make employment penalties harsher.
Thank you!!!!
