thank you!!
thank you!
Bob, you a pandering to a union and group of who accomplish less-and-less with more-and-more resources.
Public Ed is the backbone of our country.Should not be run by a no experienced person being rewarded for donations
suggest you actually research the nominee before you throw platitudes about a diminishing public ed system.
What makes you think I haven't?
I oppose DeVos on the basis of her lack of experience & her obliteration of church-state separation
As one of those constituents, thank you. Keep working and fighting. I appreciate it.
As a parent and an educator, I strongly urge you to oppose the nomination of DeVos.
This woman is stunningly unqualified to run our nation's education. Senate should confirm her to manage a Shake Shack
I'm a product of the PA public schools & I say #NoDeVos.  Please #opposeDevos & stand for all students in America. #DumpDevos
But it should be postponed until her ethics paperwork is filed & vetted.
& those who received $ from her (or her family) should be off the committee #ethicsmatter #DeVosHearing
This whole thing is a kangaroo court.
In my school, both ends of political spectrum were horrified by DeVos and her ineptitude. 1st time united in months!
For our children, keep fighting!!!!
Please vote no. She would never have been nominated except for donations. No experience or training. No knowledge or plan.
she is not qualified to lead dept of Ed. Please help save our children and their schools!
. One round was more than enough to not confirm.
, thank you!  We don't support someone who has no background in education and believes guns should be in schools. NO DE VOS!
public school teachers face a much tougher interview process! @BetsyDeVos isn't qualified to manage anything #ShesAFraud
do not approve of Betsy DeVos. I'm a 15 year veteran public school teacher and she is scaring me.

.@SenBobCasey 1. Make college less expensive, not free.
She should actually welcome it. Her ignorance is alarming. Based only on yesterday's performance no business in position.
Not sure she's worth the time! I can't imagine a more incompetent nominee with greater conflicts of interests!
vote no! She's unqualified! She doesn't even understand IDEA offers federal civil rights protection to students w/disabilities!
please don't vote DeVos. She is wrong to lead our nation's PUBLIC education system!! Vote NO!
DO NOT LET HER RUN PUBLIC ED INTO TGE GROUND
Confirm DeVos! School Choice will improve education!
.@SenBobCasey DeVos is NOT qualified. Lack of exp, personal $ interest. Pub Ed should not be 4sale to big $$ #DumpDevos #NoRound2 @NJBatsa
@StevenSinger3 unfit to be sec of Ed. Over 80% of ed is public ed. She has no experience @ wants to dismantle it
#BetsyDeVos was Offered this post as payment for her brother's work in Trump/FBI conspiracy!!
Thank you, Senator! Keep up the good fight. This woman is clearly unqualified!  Our children deserve better.
for the sake of public education and ALL children - do not confirm DeVos
Thank you. This hearing on the nominated Secretary of Ed still needs questions answered
yes.  Her positions are outrageous
God, yes.This is our most precious asset in all the world we're talking about, our CHILDREN! #DeVos not right.
this woman makes me think of Pink Floyd's The Wall
"war pigs"
https://youtu.be/uJ6QHfZwTSw 
https://youtu.be/YR5ApYxkU-U 
thank you!
Please hit her hard w/ every question. She's unfit to be Sec. Of Ed. As a former teacher, this will not work. Proof =Detroit
@nbcsnl would like it too, but it's a waste of time. She is clearly wrong for the job
YES! She is very unqualified & has a lot to answer to.
I saw you voted against a bill lowering RX drugs. PHARMA PUPPET !
Please keep fighting! She is so unqualified. Our kids deserve better.
This constituent in Douglassville, PA is demanding answers. Thank you for fighting for us, Senator.
continue to fight Devos nomination.  She has no business being in charge of schools.
colleagues. ..as in Big Pharm, quick check your pockets #timetogo #BETTERNATION
obama's candidates were qualified picks, and in compliance with OCE, Devos only has big money to support her non.  Unacceptable
I hope you get a 2nd round on #DeVosHearing. Her answers are unacceptable.
There should be another round. Please work to make sure concerns are addressed.
AT LEAST!
. @SenBobCasey 
Please retweet
Please say no
Please be firm
Please fight trump on this 
#NoDeVos
vote nooooooo!
please ask her opinion why US pays most $ per student with ever declining results
thank you for your dedication to transparency in the DeVos hearing. I wish the chairman was remotely committed to it.
so Pocahontas can ask if she ever took out a Pell Grant? Can you ask Sen Warren why she charged $400k to teach one course?
is with @CoryBooker by the way in voting AGAINST the bill proposed by @SenSanders to lower the cost of prescription drugs.
i watched the hearings and was stunned that there isn't, she is not a person that could lead the education department.
thank you!
thank you for working diligently for the future of our nation and Pennsylvania. #DeVosHearing
As a teacher and a father, we deserve better for our students. Not only unqualified but doesn't even care enough to learn.
at this point..no need for secind round..do not confirm!
As a teacher, I encourage more questioning. Thanks 4 advocating 4 constituents, educators and safety 4 women. #It'sOnUsPA
Thanks so much, hope you vote no on this nominee for Sec. of Education
THANK YOU! Please remind the chairman that "fair" is not the same as equal. Ms. DeVos needs to answer ?'s with depth.
PA constituent implores you to vote no!
I followed the hearing for Sec of Ed.  Nominee avoided answering good Qs.  I urge u not to support this nominee.
please do! It sounded like the usually reasonable @SenAlexander was quashing the chance for a real Q& A. #DeVosHearing
Thank you @SenBobCasey. We are listening, and we support you.
Expose all you can about this counter-intuitive farce. Each Appointee will dismantle the protection of ea agency
Thank you for your efforts.  Don't know about getting us answers as she seemed pretty adept at NOT answering anything.
she needs a second round but with actual questions! Stop the soliloquies!
Thank you
Thank you! Educators want to hear more. Need more detail on accountability and civil rights.
please vote no for our PA students
Agreed 100%-the chairman seems to have an agenda. What about the best interests of the children of the USA? We deserve to know
Thank you for standing for the people of PA. I am appalled at what's going on and we need voices like yours to fight for us.
I have worked in education for 18 years. Betsy is a terrible candidate. Our children's education and SAFETY will suffer!
thank you!
thank you!
Senator Hassan had great points.  DeVos is a terrible choice
On behalf of all teachers, thank you. She is grossly unqualified. #DeVosHearing #voteno
who should concerned citizens call about getting a 2nd round??
On behalf of my daughter who will enter Philly's school system in 2 years -- thank you, Senator.
she is clearly unfit
I've heard enuf to say plz vote down for all reasons discussed & more
thanks you, Senator. Please continue the fight and help us move in to a more qualified candidate. #DeVosHearing #dumpdevos
She is just so obviously unqualified. She doesn't know anything.
Thank you! We need to hear more! She is NOT qualified!
-I appreciate your efforts pushing back on limited time for questions. Logic from Chairman absurd
thank you!!!
thank you
Keep at it.
she's awful I've been listening to her this cabinet is a mess 
DeVos is unqualified. Ask any teacher.
Thank you for your efforts! Please continue to fight for education.
Vote Nooooooo!
