BREAKING: Bannon removed from National Security Council https://bloom.bg/2oC7Pko  
Absolutely right, Senator...my dad & so many others didn't serve in WW2 so this country could be run by Nazis.

Just like we are going to remove you from the Senate.
No. Casey is an excellent Senator.
Really??????
Is that a question?
Take it any way U want.
Casey is a follower not a leader.
He votes the way Schumer tells him.
A monkey could be trained to do that.
So team playing is good when Repubs do it but icky when Dems do it. Uh huh.
You can not be this daffy, are U a blonde?
Got news for U, people like Casey are scared to buck the system.
You know that because you read the minds of Casey and people like Casey all over state. Somebody gave you magic chicken foot or some such.
Two reality TV stars sit now on the #nationalsecuritycouncil. #MakeAmericaSafeAgain from what? Dramas? Sitcoms?
Totally agree - fox in a henhouse
Yes & GORSUCH must not be confirmed- hear he had ties to "the Mercers"
Agree wholeheartedly with you senator. If President Trump wants to lead with success, he must distance himself from Bannon.
Gorka has no business working in our government.
Rick Saccone 2018
So true
Senator, call him a white supremacist
Yes falsely accuse like most fascist do to drive their agenda.
Yes! We are a healthy,diverse plurality.Nationalism - white or any other is so 20th c. Time to embrace all the richness of our diversity.
Yes
Trump next
Be ready for something to come out soon on this WH alky?
I'll be making a run to the liquor store. It's just those kind of days now
Don't blame you. If I were still a drinking man, I'd have already gone hours ago!

Finally! Someone has the guts to take action!
The idiot in the WH only take people that agreed with him such as his daughter and son in law
Whose security,his own?
It took a 36 year old son-in-law to tell him that!?
I Don't Believe It I Think He Is Still Involved It's A Sham From The WH
@SenBobCasey Hackjob Bob do your Job! You work for PA voters not @SenSchumer
There are reports his security clearance remains and he was in a NSC meeting today. GET HIM OUT.
Amen.  Please help make that happen.  He scares the  out of soooo many of us
Yes Please!!!!!!!!
@business Yes! Get neo-nazis Bannon, Gorka, & Miller out of WH. No fascist USA. #impeachtrump #trumprussia #syria #resist
Just cuz you say it don't make it true. It's all in your head. If you think you have a choice that's in your head as well. Keep watching 
He should be jailed along with Trump and the other traitors spies collaborators
This =>
BREAKING:  Steve Bannon attends National Security Council meeting today, after being taken off the council. No joke.
100% in Agreement!
Just like BO shouldn't have been allowed to have Susan Rice as NSA. Tit for tat, right?  That's okay, she'll pay a price for it. Snowflakes
Thank you Bob.
Yep. We should not allow white supremacists anywhere near the WH.
Thank you Senator Casey! I couldn't agree more!
Senator you send as many irrelevant tweets as the president. Please do something for us in pa
Absolutely agree.
~ LOCK BANNON UP!
Send this creep back to hanger 51 and keep him there! bannon the low life theorist is a cancer on his own brain....         bigly FAIL
That's likely next. Trump team knows that he's #Complicit in #TrumpRussia. THAT's why he's 1/2 way out.
Defeat after defeat. Now he is changing subject to Susan Rice and supporting BPO (Bill Pervert O'Reilly). Sad
Yes the Democrats have gone through defeat after defeat. You would think they would learn faster.
Finally, some good news. Security Advisor to @POTUS is not an entry level job.
Trump has Bannon doing the same work that Susan Rice did...
His security clearance, however, was not stripped.
I'm glad you are my senator and I like sassy Casey.
Did Shumer tell you to say that?
This just means there finding more and more info on Bannon and Trump
Something is not right with this....be prepared!  #SpecialCouncil #trumprussia
Stop trying to deem illegitimate what is constitutionally legitimate, i.e. the Trump presidency. Your ideology is showing, senator.
Now to remove his children.
Grateful for your clarity, Senator. #PresidentBannon still worrisome as ever #TrumpRussia
You are right. He is evil.
I'm waiting for us to learn of his Russia connections. Seems highly improbable he's not in that boat with all his cronies.
But wait now maybe not kick Bannon to far down the escalator...Bannon knows a little too much about the Russian connections to fire entirely
Replace "Bannon" with "Drumpf" and "NSC" with "WH".
Must be just awful to be Bannon, wake up on hump day and find out  He is on the top of the daily tRump shit list!!
Let us pray..
Point nicely stated --
Hear, hear!
Bob, if I still lived in Pennsylvania I'd buy you a drink!
you aren't smart enough to keep up with Trump,while you stumble & mumble we're winning everywhere rolling back 8yrs of malaise
Going to make a prediction. He will remove himself, go back to Breitbart and evicerate his former boss  (protégé?)
Or he will use Breitbart as DJT'S version of RT. State run media. Question is, what's he committed to? Has he given up on DJT as a vehicle?
why does Ivanka and her husband have security clearance? Bannon Kellyanne all need to be removed from there clearances niw
This was a planned move, you propagandist!
And please revoke his security Clarence.
@PaulBegala totally agree.
@PaulBegala Escort his butt right out of the Whitehouse

GET THEM OUT
Now if he would leave the White House I would feel better.
He should b hung for being a white supremacist nazi treasonist
And you should be removed from congress
Keep speaking out on behalf of those you represent and for what is right!!
hear, hear...
oh thank you baby jesus
I'm certain that the ONLY reason why he agreed to leave because he has a puppet on the NSC.  Trump?
Trump owes him too much money
Agreed. Next we need him out of the White House. He is a danger to our country.
We all agree!
Agree
Good news! He needs to go completely. What is his exact new role then? Still have top sec clearance etc? In on mtgs? Need details!
oh i thought this meant he was removed from the white house too! ty for update, who will watch this ill man so that he keeps his clearances?
being gracious, who will monitor him to arrest him when he breaks clearances?
He should also give up his security clearance. He is a bad man!
Yes he needs to go completely. Keep up pressure and support where and how you can.
Call him in front of Senate Bob! You have this Pennsylvania's support.
The cracks are starting to show.
Along with trump
And why don't we throw Gorka in a trash can while we're at it?
Try winning an election Bob then you get to pick who's in the White House. Speaking of Elections, can't wait to vote you out
Agree!!
I agree completely.
Good News! We need stability in the NSC when dealing with NK. and Syria right now
Yes sir, you are so right! Get Bannon completely out of WH. We the American ppl would be able to breathe somewhat a sigh of relief.
Along with the orange thing!!
Now that fat bloated alcoholic needs to be removed from any & ALL gov't positions. To fed prison please.
That won't happen. The mercers want a full return in their investments.
#45's smartest move right now would be to ask Hillary to take back the S of S position.  And then listen to her.
I hope this is the beginning of many "removings" of Steve Bannon.
He was totally unqualified
Yes!! He needs to go.
Respectfully, of all the people who need to be removed from the White House, he's only # 3
@business looks like trump only has room for his family. #byebyebannon
Let's hope this is true, and not a #misdirection. I still do NOT trust the guy.
Eyes and Ears wide open.
One of three presidents starting to move out. ( Trump, Bannon, Kushner)
Prison for them all. Espionage and Treason, kind of a big deal.
Totally.
Bannon must go. He's a despicable person
Bannon should never have set foot on The White House grounds. He's done nothing to deserve it and much to disallow it. He's a vile stain.
He's one of the stains.
Excellent, progress. #resist
Good news!
Absolutely right! 
Bannon is a good start but certainly not the least of those who need to be removed from the People's  house.
My guess is hat this is another distraction, a sleight of hand to take attention away from Trump's complicity with Putin.
I'm thinking he may have been one of the unmasked names?
I read that he expected to be on Admin approx 1 yr which e may be right. Hope he's not doing too much damage between now & when he moves on
Along with Gorka and Miller
Yes! Even dyed-in-the-wool Rs should not want this odious maximus anywhere near the WH. Once that stink gets on you, it's hard to get off!
Another boot falls, Bannon will be the 2nd FBI indictment after Flynn. Trump trying to stay out of muck. Helped Coordinate #activemeasures.
Yes that's a good start then work your way up the slimy slopes to Trump himself!
And YOU Bobby should never have been a senator... we'll remove YOU next election... #PAISREDSTATE
You got that right Sen. Casey!
Cause he's going to JAIL!!!!
Banning should stay in WH. We need more Patriots like him & need to remove Casey in 2 years
Let's hope McMaster is truly in charge now.
I've mentions this to my elected officials on every call I've made for months.

He has to go before the Senate or leave, no inbetween.
Mentions???? Really
More than likely it was the council that asked for him to be removed. Too bad he was not removed from the White House too.
How about just removing him altogether
His presence in the White House itself is an outrage.  It is a testimony to Trump's incompetence.
For real? Backstory
@business So very true!  Trump said he was going to surround himself with the best... hmm no just those with 
Exactly right!
You should also be removed from the Senate.
