Thank you
Thank God for sense and reason#Senator Pat Toomey#victory for the working families #obamacare is not affordable or free
Love this, but why won't you support the Medicare for All bill?!?
Thank you Sen. Casey. As a 2-time cancer survivor, this "plan" would be devastating for me and my family
Thank you for working hard!!
Senator Casey, the Unaffordable Care Act isn't a plan. My healthcare costs are up 250 % since the ACA passed. What is your "plan" Bobby,!?!?
It's not the affordable care act it's Obama care.
Thanks Bob for being the representative who cares about Pennsylvania!
Sit down and be quiet #obamacare is history #failed Democratic Party plan#keep your doctor hypocrite
Please defend current plan and oppose strongly!!!
We are with you! Thank you for fighting for us!
Keep up the good fight against GOP killing millions of people
Thank you!!!!!
Go get 'em Senator Casey! Thank you!
Thank you @SenBobCasey. It's unfortunate your PA colleague @SenToomey does not share the same humane interests. All repeal acts lack empathy
Thank you. I feel helpless bc Toomey is a lost cause.
Really, how are you plannning to hurt us now? Don't look forwrd to re-election.
Are they just trying to sneak this by us or did they make any good changes? Seems sneaky.
Why?
Thank GOD one Senator has the brains, courage and spine to say NO to this horrible plan - truly representing Americans! THANK YOU SO MUCH!
Thank you, Senator Casey.  I'm proud to have you as my senator.
Thank you Senator Casey for fighting for Pennsylvanians. We are lucky to have you.
Thank you!
Thank you for your fight to save American lives!
Why are you opposing Mr. Casey
Thank you, Senator.
Thank you!
Thank you for working hard to make our lives better
Does aborting a child make your life better?
Thank you Sen Casey for speaking out against another horrible GOP bill. I only wish our other Sen cared about PA citizens.
Thank you sir! You have this PA constituents support
Thank you for doing the right thing, Senator Casey!
Good luck! Thanks for being the ONLY Senator from PA who REPRESENTS the people
Please fight this with everything you have, Senator Casey. Thank you!
No !!!!
If this bill becomes law, our ER across USA will be PACKED. & I'll lose my medicare. TY My Senator!!
thank you for representing us in PA! Fix the ACA. Everyone deserves health care
What's your solution? Stop faking concern & give us the exact coverage you and members of Congress have. There's our solution.
Thank you, Sen. Casey, for continuing to protect and support the health and well-being of us ordinary Pennsylvanians!
Thank you Senator.
Go get em Bob!
Go Get'em @SenBobCasey
#Medicare4All Bob...#MedicareForAll . sign on please.
Keep at it Sen. Casey! Will be calling @SenateGOP to urge reason over vain effort to win favor from DJT with this bad bad bill. #SaveACA
Single payer now
Thank you @SenBobCasey for advocating bipartisan collaboration and public scrutiny in defense of the ACA. #KillTheBill
Give them hell Sen Casey. Please save healthcare...
Thank you. You do Pennsylvanians & Americans proud. Now if only our state had TWO principled & ethical senators, we might have avoided trump
@Bob_Casey @PADems @TheDemocrats Shame on all the dems who claim to #Resist but can't support #MedicareForAll, but yes to endless war $$$
Thank you.
Don't forget to say 'scheme' - it's your thing, ya know.  'scheme scheme scheme scheme'.  Its got a bet riding on the numbers of 'schemes'
Thank you Senator Casey at least one our PA Senators works for the people of PA and not the insurance companies.People over Profits.
THANK YOU, Sen. Casey, I feel so lucky that you are my representative.
My son is fighting for his life. The only reason he has health ins is the ACA. Plz dont let them take it away.
S.Casey it's your behavior that will remove u from Congress, Thank God! Another career POLITICIAN Voted Out!
Thank you @SenBobCasey
Thank you
Thank you!
Give them hell Bob!!!
Senators please unite on something! Ridiculous how you can't agree on nothing within your own party, it's almost like you don't want to!
Bob be sure2mention those of us whose premiums&deductibles have tripled since this nightmare began!Ok.don't forget about the 1ns whoRpaying
Thank you from Chester County.
They won't give up on hurting as many Americans as they can!#EvilGOP will fail again cuz they CAN NIT GOVERN
Hey, thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you @SenBobCasey ! Now please join so many other senators in the #MedicareForAll  fight!
Sorry i missed it. I was watching a Mickey Mouse cartoon. Kind of reminded me of Congress.
So what's your alternative?  The Dems will not lift a finger to FIX ObamaCare, and they know it needs fixing badly.
Thank you!!
Please help save us from this monstrosity.
Invent legislation that does away w/the Obamacare fine.
Thank you!!!!
I did not miss it. I just don't care. Both of your parties are only in on it for what benefits you both...
$80 billion should be for the illegals.  Should last them at least 2 months.
Thank you!!
Vote no. Don't let McConnell bum rush it!
Thank you, I am proud of you, I just wish we did not have to beg Congress not to fucking kill people.
Thank you Mr. Casey
Thank you for all you are doing Senator Casey.
Thank you, Mr. Senator!
Thank you!!
All #FAKEPOLITICIANS can do is oppose great ideas What did you offer?? VOTE ALL #DEMOCRATS out of office- seriously grow up
Thank you!
You just voted for $700 billion in defense spending. You're an irredeemable ghoul.
Thank you Senator!
Thank you.

So please don't stop for next 14 months.  #Fillabuster
Thank you!!
Thx u !
Thank you so much! I am so glad you remember the people of the Commonwealth. ...unlike that other guy..I forget his name
Thank you @SenBobCasey for caring about Americans
Thank you Senator Casey.
Thank you!
Thank you
Thank you Sen. Casey. You have my support and vote.  Single payer for all!
Thanks for speaking on behalf of Pennsylvanians who need health care, and talking about the bipartisan effort that has been occuring in comm
Keep fighting!!!
Thank you so much for being such an incredible senator to my home state & for all you do for us every day! Now fight on. #GrahamCassidy
FIGHT FIGHT FIGHT the @GOP GENOCIDE BILL!
Good healthcare is fundamental to all pa residents -  vote no to graham bill
Bob Casey you are The Man. Knew we could count on you. Long my you wave!
TY for that link, Senator Casey. I am proud of your fighting for us. Pleas, please, keep fighting for decency, justice, and what is right!
@SenateDems  * "health care" plan
Thank you! PA-11! You have my vote & support in 2018!
Thanks Senator Casey! I'll be volunteering for your campaign.
PA hates you.  The ACA sucks!
Thank you. That bill is a lie -
Please save us Senator.  We can't afford this GOP plan.  We are going to die
Thank you Senator Casey! Graham-Cassidy is a travesty!
Pennsylvanians thank you, Senator.
Sen Casey..was there a video made....I'd be interested in seeing it?
Thanks, Bob. As a small employer of 19yrs, I pay ACA for some of my employees. Affordable for me to do so. One will die without H/C. SAVE IT
Thank you!!
#DoNothingCongress. Where are your ideas?
Go get 'em tiger
STOP THOSE MURDERERS!!!
Set it on fire bob. Traitors shouldn't try foreign policy or healthcare.
Thank you!!
@DebbieLHollis give em hell
you & your staff are a credit to PA constituents & to the nation. Thanks Senator!
Watched you speak Senator, hopefully Senate Republicans will examine their consciences and vote against this evil health care legislation.
Thank you Senator!!!!!
You know what it is and can speak to the specifics ??
Push MEDICARE for all. Be PROACTIVE not reactive.
Good Luck Senator.
Gov't needs to get out of the healthcare business. American people can make better choices for themselves! #ABETTERWAY
Healthcare is a human need,a human right. Single payer, universal, equal for all.
Great job Senator supporting a program where the government is in control and the individual does not! https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/09/06/us/politics/senate-health-committee-obamacare-bipartisan-fix.html?referer=http://www.google.com/ …
Thank you, thank you, thank you! You're the best

Thank You!
Thank you, @SenBobCasey!
Thank you, Senator. I wish our other senator had even half as much desire to serve the people of PA.
Proud you are our Senator!
Thank you Senator Casey for representing PA. Once again in a awful bill heading to the floor. The weakest of us will suffer.
Thank you @SenBobCasey for fighting for us and our access to affordable, life-sustaining health care!
Give 'em hell, Senator.
Please keep fighting for us, Senator. This new "plan" would be horrible for sick, elderly & poor.
Thank you!
Thank you @SenBobCasey !!  Please keep fighting against this plan to remove insurance from millions!!
Plz do! Thank you!!
Thank you @SenBobCasey for fighting for PA families.
Thank you
Bob, what have you offered??
Kick ass and take names!!
Thank you Senator!! Thank you for fighting to protect healthcare for my disabled children.
Thank you, @SenBobCasey!!
Counting on you!
Thank you, Senator Casey!
good luck!
Hope they listen!
Thank you and  @RepBrendanBoyle for standing with your constituents. I wish @SenToomey would do the same. 19406
Thank you, Senator Casey.  Here's a task. Convince Pat Toomey not to hurt his constituents just to give trump a win.
Will the Junior Senator from PA be joining you or will he be busy cashing Devos and the Koch brothers checks? @SenToomey
Just continue to oppose everything, and make sure your resume is up to date
If private health care is good for the American citizen, it should also be good for members of Congress. #Trumpcare
Zero credibility after Dems foisted travesty of Obamacare on America with blatant LIES
Thank you!
Good luck  
Go Socialist, go!
Govt run Healthcare for all
Govt run college for all
Govt run childcare for all
Why
Bother 
Working 
We'll all b venezuela
Why oh why is there this endless reprise? Waste of time money and whatever goodwill is around
Please fix the ACA and use this as a bridge to #MedicareForAll. Please cosponsor the bill, for all Americans. We deserve better.
Thank you for doing this! Hateful that the GOP is trying to sneak this awful "health" bill through. WE WILL FIGHT THIS TOGETHER!
#DeathByGOP will be the leading cause of death
Thank you, Senator!
Thank you for sticking up for our healthcare, Sen. Casey!
Destroy this abomination of a bill, Senator
Thank you, sir.
Please tell @SenToomey  bill for veterans is useless if the bill passes & all the children & seniors will die from preexisting conditions 
thank you, senator, seriously. you go up every single time.
Do you know Lyme Disease is in 67 counties. DYK how these ppl feel? DYK many of this ppl are bedridden? DYK this ppl are in pain & depressed
Plz keep fighting the good fight
Thank you Senator Casey. So proud you are my Senator. I wish I could explain my fear for my daughter with MS. & Myself included with CIDP.
The reason my daughter is ok now are because changes that happened with the ACA. Its made it possible 4 me to work be productive care 4 her
But I need portions of Medicaid for that. Homecare workers will be jobless because very can few pocket. When they need institutionalized
Instead of being home. It costs huge amounts to pay the institution.
Let the senate know how hurtful this plan is. Shame on Cassidy-Graham
Yeah...just piss and moan ...dont present an alternative....you go Bobby.... #worthless
Go ,Bob Go!
Thank you.
Thank you Sen. Casey for representing the people of PA with conscientious care & integrity. So many rely on the ACA. #SaveACA #noTrumpCare
Thank you Sir
Thanks for all you do.
Give them hell!
Please watch this, and I dare you to oppose this.
Knock it on it's Ass
The GOP plan is a disaster. This is the perfect time to support Healthcare as a basic right. Will you publicly endorse Medicare For All?
Maybe mention if you support Bernie care or not! Maybe it needs to be tweaked.. Please tell us ur opinion!! 
Thank you!
Thank You
Thank you, senator.
I'll just leave this here.
Thank you Senator Casey!
Good luck sir
Speak loud & proud ~ thank you!
