I was there to...Might be because you invited PennEnvironment instead of average citizens. #PASen
"Everyone who disagrees with me is paid to do so"
Pretty sure they weren't paid, but they all wore matching t shirts.
Average citizens cease to be so when wearing matching t shirts or joining civic organizations. You're full of great takes.
Well then, Bob Casey should TOTALLY run on wanting to shut down coal production!
Yeah, the narrow interests of one group of workers in your state are wayyy more important than the climate we all live in.
Ah the old "your jobs aren't important" argument that has led to great electoral success for Democrats!
So you argument isn't that you're right, or that the jobs are objectively good, but that they are politically expedient.
Yep...make sure other countries do their share.
Oh Bob is a clown  of Obama - out touch with Western Pennsylvania!
I disagree, Bob is great for Pittsburgh. Toomey? Nah.
"out of touch with Western Pennsylvania" based on the fact that HE HAD A TOWN HALL IN PITTSBURGH. When was the last Toomey town hall? Ever??
. Can you send him a recording?
If you really wanted to help Americans you would see the paris accord took away jobs and trillions of gdp
@POTUS  move to leave the Paris accord was simply a formality.  He is/has dismantled everything he can related to carbon emissions.
And intends to push even further with his ax man at the head of the EPA whose future is in jeopardy!
We hate him in Pittsburgh
What happened today was a travesty. Trump will go down in history as the worst president ever. Disgusting. Doesn't care about our future
Your a fool Wendy. Im sad your so uneducated.  Stop drinking the Kool-Aid and wise up. You're on the wrong side of History
If you loved democracy then you should've wanted Obama to ask for a vote. He didn't cause it was a treaty not agreement. Handcuffed USA.
That is the UN's twt, not mine. While US doesn't recognize it as treaty,the language is such that makes it very dangerous. We had to get out
Not dangerous. Was a recommendation for countries to be better stewards of the planet.No reason to get out. Other than trumps a racist
Yeah, brilliant come back 
BUT hey your a liberal democrat what do you know about taking care of Americans its all about ur wallet
They clearly don't understand it.
Start supporting president Trump's agenda or get voted out. We don't need obstructionist.
There is no proof of climate change. How can you say there is such a thing with no proof
I'm still trying to figure out how Trump really won Pennsylvania, the cities and most burbs don't like him. I voted for Hillary, would again
And that's why our mayor has decided to ignore Trump's terrible decision and do what's RIGHT!
Buffoon Casey just lost his bid for re-election

Your "townhall" was made up of ignorant liberals that have NO CLUE about climate change except what CNN says.
Getting out of a bad deal doesn't preclude taking action on climate change. Bob.  Your people have spken. Do something other than complain.
Hey got an idea Bob, how about u start Governing and stop tweeting
#burn @realDonaldTrump Don't use PA references in your sorry excuses.
Bush pulls out of Kyoto in 2001, Results: Millions of jobs saved, Billions of dollars saved, emissions reduced to less than asked for.
Climate change is a fraud. It is all about control and taxing us more whitch would be given to the rich globalists.

I have a feeling you dimwit that jobs were #1 on their minds.
@matthew_maroon 
The Paris Climate Accord was non binding anyway!
The Action happened today!  We withdrew and Thanks President Trump.
who cares what you did, Casey, so what, you held a meeting, big deal, thats about all u did
Thank God the rest of the state  doesn't agree with your Socialist views.  #climatechangehoax
Yes they did...and President Trump gave them what they wanted!
America has gained nothing from this deal.  Follow rules and pay dues while others crap up the world!  China!!
Please run for President, @SenBobCasey!
thank you Sen. Casey. as always you have us uppermost in your concern....unlike the other do- nothing senator from Pa.!@SenToomey
Casey is a do nothing liberal follower looking out for himself.
then they can all send a check to the climate change initiative. But i bet they don't
Hey Bob about you put your money where your mouth is instead of the taxpayer's money? No? Typical redistribution of wealth.
Realize that your crowd was biased. We always had climate change.  We used to call them seasons.
Bob you never read the Paris agreement
Those folks were your uneducated lemmings, Senator.  We all want clean air, but US shouldn't be unfairly burdened. You just want world order
Yes because Pittsburgh isn't entirely full of dipshits...but it will be if we don't deal with the lead in the water problem
Thank you Senator! It is disgusting that he tries to speak for ANYONE when it comes to climate change and our environment!
This just terrible.. a president against his country instead of for it!! What can we do??
And yet bob, our champion of the environment, @RepBrianFitz is silent. What a joke.
your town halls are staged events,you're just a hack
I was there. Yes we did. #ParisAgreement
Paris agreement was a joke
I was there @SenBobCasey & that was the main topic of conversation! Pittsburgh isn't interested in being part of his spin! #ParisAgreement
Thank you Senator Casey.
Right, you mean the 5 supporters you met with ?
So what action did you take for those that ask
Stultz is a blocked bot.
@SenToomey has no comment as usual! #resistgop
well not according to Trump the lyer.
Trump has no idea what ppl in Pa want because he is a idiot and fool God I can't stand it Trump and Pence need to go now
If only there was a body of gov that is able to take action 2 create laws that dictate how the USA operates & not just name post offices
Fake Bob! I lived in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Well then you know Pittsburgh didn't vote for the fake president
Thanks @SenBobCasey 

@PatToomey would know these things too if he had the balls to participate in a town hall
Toomey is corrupt. Dirty as dirt.
Thank you.
Perhaps you and other senators should have shown some backbone and ratified the Paris accord
Senate populated with GOPers who love their big oil $.
if it was so good why didn't the senate ratify it?? Obama simply signed us into a massive agreement with out our congressional support
They also called for him to be removed, tried and imprisoned like the treasonous disgrace he is.
did they ask or did u prompt? So they're not asking 4 jobs? Reduce the debt? Lower taxes? Better agreements?
He lost Allegheny County. We know this is not on you, Pittsburgh.
I am livid.
