Fuck Vegas strong. Cali is where you belong
Still in Oakland. More disrespect.
Let's concentrate on football, ya know? Scoring and stopping the other team from scoring? This team is NOT ready to play lately.
At all..
Thank you to all the brave NFL players who ran into the building to stop that shooter, oh wait that was our police force. 
Hahaha stop him After he finished lol wat a joke
1 who’s said that was ok to kill any kind of human being 2 this is America if you want to kneel during the anthem it’s not Against the law
Leave the country if you hate Trump & our police force so much. This isn't North Korea, you are actually allowed to leave.
That is your opinion. Get over it or just turn off your TV who cares.

They didn’t do this for Oakland in ghostship warehouse fire
#RespectOakland Mark Davis The Suck Up
That's a helmet I would pay for if the proceeds went to the victims families!
no I mean to the kids left motherless/ Fatherless by that sick SOB!
I would have to agree with that!
They didn’t do the
 Rep Vegas  we see you
Thank you Raiders and Raider Nation for your support @872Laborers
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VbScjcK3HfQ …
Awesome but JDR should Be fired
Thank you Raiders and Raider Nation for your support.
Did they get permission from Goodell before they did this
BS!!!! Thats it enough said
#Respect #RaiderNation #VegasStrong
But when NFL players try to commemorate 9/11 they get fined.
Chiiiillll  you guys aren't going to Vegas tho  don't do this to me
They are around 2018-2020 they’ll start playing there
They’ll most likely be in Oakland through 2020 actually
just realized this was in support / relation to the shooting.  Yes, always. #VegasStrong
Stop already...  You've already showed your colors and they are not red white and blue.
Looks awesome. Just like the for Oakland after last year's tragedy. Oh wait...
FOREVER OAKLAND ♡♡
Nice!!!
No more of my hard earned money to this dummy
Fuck Vegas
Rooted in Oakland
Where do I get one of those stickers?
Beautiful!!!
just WIN baby!

Las Vegas loves our raiders!
The Oakland raiders  Are  supporting the victims of  the Last Vegas Massacre  because they are a caring team
