What level of education did you achieve. Just curious...you seem very rude and a showboat. Parents must have skipped manners in raising you
and you seem pathologically angry.
Not at all. I'm a lover! I love that Trump won and will make America Great Again in spite of you. See? 
I'm happy that you're happy.
See? Everybody's happy if they want to be 
Yes! They work (hard). They pay taxes. They are as American as any of us. Why would we want to get rid of them?
Why don't they want to be citizens? I don't want to get rid of them
they do, the government doesn't want to acknowledge them because of how they got here. Sad all around
Or because they are racist.
Thank you Senator!
but NO WALL, Kamala.   that is dirty $ for trump. ONLY.   we don't need it.
And what about the rest of undocumented people that have been living here for more than 15 year and pay more taxes than real americans?
Or trump
No, I don't agree. They can apply for citizenship... maybe cutting special circumstances. We have Americans to take care of. Do it legally!
Meant 'citing special circumstances', not cutting. Gotta love technology
So save the dreamers but deport there family's? Even Obama says the daca was unconstitutional. It's either all or none.
Harris for president! #2020 retweet if you agree.
CA has Highest Taxes of Any State! There are over 50k #Dreamers in CA JAILS!!
What's the dream act lol
And ILLEGAL program Obama put in place...... 
Oh lol
Dream act wasn't placed by Obama

Dream act hasn't passed at any point of time

DACA is what Obama installed 

Get informed
Maybe but You said nothing when Obama restricted immigration 6 times with Executive Orders
Or You said nothing when Obama set a record for deportations
Lol idek what's going on aha
These young men and women are a great value to thie communities and to our economy. This is their country, like it is ours.
Yes. Our citizenship track is unnecessarily long, expensive + difficult. Should not take years to get approval.
Agree but proof of filing for it should be accepted they are on the path
Thank you. I did not know and if so that's a problem
Then DACA should encompass a fast track path but never ending legal illegal is not the way.
Never
If only you and your fellow DEMs were so passionate about issues benefiting CITIZENS / No Dream Act_The well of immigrants won't dry up.
Only for a select few Dreamers, not all qualify.  Strict rules to follow, not easy, best of kids only.  Screw up? Out you go.
Everything in U.S.has gone topsy-turvy since 20 Jan 2017.Remove the evil spirit that's haunting America& bring things back to normal again.
Abu are you even an American? I doubt it.
I am100%American.Proud of American greatness.Can't stand anyone who plots with foreign enemies to ruin the first Universal Republic on earth
This man is some kind of illegal alien. None of us are named Abu.
By the way. I'm Catholic. 
Non-negotiable.
I guess if it were up to you we wouldn't enforce any laws you disagree with honey. #DisrespectIntended
Why? If you did, why should we have to follow such a law? Why do we, the CITIZENS of a sovereign nation, have to follow laws but not them?
Then who will you use as your political pawns?

CA Prisons are BROKE! There are over 50k #Dreamers in CA JAILS!!
Already have a dream act and LAWS! It's called apply for citizenship.It is not legal Americans responsibility to foot the bill for illegals
Yes, because *CHILDREN* make the choice to come here illegally....
Oh well. We can't take the whole world. Have to draw a line somewhere.
#TrumpDACA. 800K youth at risk of deportation.Tell your representative: Congress must pass a strong,stand-alone DREAM Act now. 844-514-7166
Tell Congress we need an immigration Reform! Or fixed the immigration system that doesn't work.
