Were the 9 men on the SCOTUS who made Roe law women's health experts? <crickets>
No one should be silent in face of your evil organisation!
To make Wendy davis trust, install the brat over the City of Denton to hack? For Robb needs Trump in? To design Ted Cruz to hack microsoft?
#WeAreTheProLifeGeneration 
I hope their cramps are so bad they can't think straight.
Well, pregnant women are sure safer with those men than they would be with you, THAT'S for sure!
makes me want to vomit. yesterday was a terrible day for women of this country
If women need healthcare & cannot afford it, then they already have free access to health departments all over U.S.
PP is a murder clinic!
Few are making the claim these are experts on woman's health. That said, experts would be nice.
They all do inspire abstinence
Murder is murder not health care
All the decent medical professors who begged elfant to stay off campus are dead, so why get nane annan's kin to hang their diplomas here?
TRAVESTY OF JUSTICE!
Dems. Illegals must stay. Kicking them out is inhumane. To preborn. GET OUT, you have no rights here.
Impossible to be more cross-purpose, if trying. Bader ginsburg, with scalia down here? Instead of Thomas and sotomayor? Use common horse
Why do that? Because they are forever on parole under their case manager, who Elfant's office also helped with the most violent fetus rescue
I guess Dems will never get it. Dear Ivanka, I hate your Dad, please join me. I would tell you too shove it.
FOAD
Case manager's brat, the most violent fetus rescue leader on earth, ship him over Denton PD, get Wendy to trust him? Not possible to be more

They are so much better than U murderers of babies ...
Great to see real men defend women´s health and babies´ lives, seeing to it that abortion businesses like #PP are #Defunded and shut down.
Hey, racist. Where were you when 9 "rich white men" made scalding, poisoning, dismembering  unborn children legal? Selective outrage much?
Ms Richards I would like to know why my area planned parenthood does not offer exams for sexually active young girls on birth control??!
Common horse sense instead, all clergy are against family planning here. Robb still the devil for Trump.
Nor current citizenship, nor forever parole officer case manager, promoting the most violent fetus rescue campus star, to make Wendy
Planned parenthood board, through Haiti, remain slaves to haitian authorities. You cannot name the birth names of the board, nor current
Went through Haiti from Tahiti or tasmanian holdings, slaves to forever parole case manager, too, who made 100% of Austin's Planned
You do not even know the names of the Planned Parenthood board in Austin, either. Name them. Slaves under the Haitian embassy, went through
Fetus rescue person on earth, to install over Denton to get Wendy Davis to trust, is beyond a snake.
To meet the Planned Parenthood board, forever on parole under case manager? Try to think. No wendy. Finding the most famous and violent
To ship over the City of Denton to get Wendy to trust, cannot be more cross-purpose, if you tried. Too lazy again to come to Austin, to
Then why do it? The St. Stephen's gulch to save, instead? Finding the most fanatical and violent fetus rescue jerk, to ship over the City
THANK GOD for Trump.
At least they don't make a living off of murdering babies and calling it "healthcare". Just sayin...
In this picture: Men we are 100% sure are not killing babies. Hopefully you'll go to prison soon witch!
and thank God for them! What makes them "HEALTH" experts is that they oppose the murder of innocent babies #endabortionnow
Runner, baker, you forgot baby killer
If you're a month pregnant and someone attacks you and the "thing" inside you dies, are they charged with murder?
So how'd you celebrate Mother's Day? Killing other peoples babies? Get flowers too, I mean for the fetus
If u want 2 keep abortions free 4 ur clients, raise money from Hollywood, the Music Industry, & all your supporters, like everyone else.
Women Heath care is a joke! How do you live with yourself? 

Waitobviously u have no problem! 

Do you take care of them after abortion? NO!
Didn't know aborting babies and selling their dismembered parts made you an expert either.
AT LEAST THEY DEFEND THE HELPLESS VOICELESS UNBORN BABIES IN AMERICA!!! 

DO YOU?!?

Or just the BABY KILLING ABORTIONISTS & WOMEN? #PROLIFE
Just think how many murdered babies couldn't say "Happy Mothers Day" today because of Planned Parenthood's abortions.
Yes, successful white men are the ones who give Hoes the opportunity to go to PP.  Who do you think pays for PP?   The hoes spreading legs?
Killing baby's and selling body parts is not women's health so my guess is they know as much as PP when it comes to women health.
And we are to assume that you are a child advocacy expert?
And Your a public drain on our Taxes ! Can't Your PPH support its self ?  Its TAXATION W/O REPRESENTATION!
Not killing your baby says I LOVE YOU!
your text is down rite stupid!! besides making no sense-hope you repent b4 U close ur eyes cecile
He who gives you our stolen money does not an expert make.
#DefundGOPViagra  #DefundRepublicansViagra  #DefundRogaine
Women's health issues should be between their physicians and them.
Complete Bafoon Idiots going to become extinct in 2016

I spot one in the picture. Trump will say women's presence was YUUUGE
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @USATODAY
Ugh!
Old, evil, cold hearted white men!
Remember Cecile, if it's not a baby, then you are not pregnant.
If we all have to have healthcare, why do you have to take my tax dollars for Planned Parenthood? Stay out of my pocket.
and don't forget, such a GOOD CHRISTIAN. :-(
abortion is not health
Abortion is not healthcare.And we all know this won't put a dent in your big profits from murdereing babies
@simon_schama this is political suicide.
"Let the Purge begin"
Worst thing: It guts Medicaid!
What a motley crew.
The smug bastards, don't worry, we all vote, you know!!
women's future healthcare under patriarchal control https://twitter.com/benjaminjs/status/860227084265725952 …
#handmaidstale @verucasalt10 @mdcolli
"But you said it wouldn't pass the Senate." 
Not fiction anymore
real life, baby! 
SMDH @CecileRichards @verucasalt10 @mdcolli
@EliotShorrParks So says the one in charge of the fetal chop shop.
@pharmphreshMD Illegitimate.
Also: one is an expert in sexual assault.
Oh yeah..no experts in woman's health over here.  Sickos

Not funny... I hear they are always open for suggestions to MAGA!
R U sure this isn't Saudi Arabia's admission in2 the UN Human Rights Council & START of their 1st Girl's Summit? #MAGA @GOP
@damonbethea1 grabbing women's healthcare. 
@verucasalt10 @Theresa_A_Vee @mdcolli
In the words my granny would have said about them: dirty bastards. 
She'd be right
These rich white men are so stunningly proud of their accomplishments, there are no words.....
You have to give @SarahPalinUSA credit. She predicted ACA would lead to death panels and sure enough, there they are in that picture.
Press falls in line
And we keep doing our work! Just harder now. Thank you!!!
May their viagra never ever work again.
For you? Doubt anything would help.
No words for this bunch....sick to my stomach
Classy.
Disgusting
It's just sickening!!
they celebrate with Bud Lite, figures they'd also think that was beer.....
As opposed to...?
Asshats...pure and simple
#MayThe4thBeWithYou
#AHCA
#RepealAndReplace
#Resist
#TheResistence
#ShowSupport

This (!)
https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 …
Take Action

https://twitter.com/i/moments/860221491803287554 … 
@VP i say you R NOT A CHRISTIAN sir YOU ARE A HEATHEN spewing your hate and vengeance on innocent people taking awy health care. #ROTINHELL
Question from a male..  It looks like it'll be cheaper to pay for a illegal  abortion than to have a baby under this plan..

Yes, yes I did.
GOP is celebrating millions losing healthcare...men, women, children losing preventive care services in favor of lifetime caps & profits
You can't do anything about it!!! Defund PP is a great thing!!! Baby butcher!!!
People didn't lose anything
No... YOU didn't lose anything. The video was a fake. Are you truly having compassion for, and loving, others?
What a pack of vicious, craven hypocrites.
I voted for them.  
Bye bye, old white guys. 2018 is breathing down your nicks.
You leftists will try and bring race into everything, you are the real racists
#basturds
It just goes to prove men don't care about women's health care
No it just shows how sick you baby killers are
#sooomanywhiteguys
Tag yourself I'm this guy
You forgot about the 26 million women who voted for our leaders .
Idiots... I say only they get the healthcare proposal
Turns out death panels are real. Who'd have guessed?
We are in DEEP poop!

Republicans celebrate having done nothing for the American People.
Ass kisser
Americans white male government knows what's best for women...NOT!
im disgusted #WealthCare
LOOK AT ALL THE DIVERSITY.
WOW.
No, MINORITY Women's Health Experts!
Oink
SMH...and they are all smirking
