Please tell the millions to buy insurance. Are we talking about the bolt on to Obamacare that gave millions free Medicare
As a medic under ACA I had "coverage" too expensive to use, but had to transport people to ER under expanded Medicare that didn't speak ENG
What good is "coverage" if you can't afford to use it? Before ACA I had insurance I could afford to use! I guess I don't matter.
Please post your bill black out personal parts.
RT if you want to repeal Tim Kaine's twitter account.
@hatrik10 you call it coverage!? Me: $620/m $12,000 ded. Doesn't pay anything I have $6,000 in bills piling up, this is BS!!
Sad reality
I want Obamacare repealed and for millions of people to lose their healthcare. On an unrelated note, I am a sociopath.
Millions of people have lost their healthcare under Obamacare because they couldn't afford it. ACA was DESIGNED to fail...wake up people!
Me neither. Obama administration and Hillary should be held accountable for their crimes.
@timkaine You're a pathetic clown! So thankful we have been blessed with @mike_pence , a Christian VP who genuinely loves our country
Evergreen
We want government to let us control our own charitable giving!
Millions from your pockets!
Their reason for it?  Kochs aren't giving out money anymore till they get something    I'd call that prostitution
Just remember that the rabid right wing Supreme Court legalized this corruption with their "Citizens United" decision.
Rabid right wing??? Lmao. Citizens United is why Soros' companies and unions have free speech also. W/o them the Democrats would never win
Social media has to move against the Koch bros. Against those behind this bill. Pushback and expose them. Trumpcare for tax cuts to wealthy!
Has a poor guy ever gave you a job? Of course not, wake up if the rich don't get taxcut they can't afford to give you a job. people wakeup.
You have ZERO coverage if you can't $ afford the co-pays or the deductibles #DUH / #aca
Sounds like all insurance, not just ACA
-
Venezuelan #ACA Obamacare 
-
If U can't afford OFF-TIME, premiums,  deductibles or co-pays U don't have healthcare 
-
Venezuela has zero to do with the ACA. They did however donate money to Trump’s inauguration. Funny how that happened right?
so all of Venezuela was running 21st century until starving soldiers donated to the Trump campaign? Funny how you thought that was funny (-:
No I think it’s funny you compared Venezuela to the ACA while their government is giving its starving people’s money to Trump. Irony.
Venezuelan style socialist Obamacare fails  everywhere .
-
Venezuelan secret police are handing out $ 2 finance Trump - LoL #nowthatsfunny
#thisisfunny.
American people can influence, too
Stop this ugly bill that will cost thousands of lives
Illegals should not get healthcare. Why are you giving free healthcare to illegals and I can't afford to have it?
Senator, they are literally advocating CULLING (killing off) elderly, poor and sickest Americans just so billionaires can get a tax cut.
We need to help Puerto Rico
I lost my health insurance because of Obama care. I can't afford it! I had Heath care most of my life.
All repeal will take is burdensome premiums that buy NOTHING because the deductibles are so high. We've had enough of Obama's socialism.
Tim! Please, talk with Kamala and plan Nat'l CALL TO ACTION to save ACA.. in our own cities, Date & Time
this weekend!! get us n the streets
Yeah cause it ain't like you got a job to go to or anything like that. Shout in the streets, wear stupid hats, act like fools...we'll laugh.
at 71 I can still march & shout to save lives..my ego isn't fragile, so laugh away! Hope Your healthcare is never taken away
Did you shout for all of the families who couldn't afford their ObamaCare premiums & lost coverage? Mostly single mothers with children!
I don't agree with what you are saying & I don't think you would even care why..also, I was in Montgomery when MLK marched from Selma. PROUD
You choose to ignore the truth when it doesn't fit the liberal narrative but will believe the rhetoric that the left spews.
You don't know what I think or do.. what I do choose, is to not be insulting.
Don't RT, call your Senators, show up at offices, block roadways. Shut it ALL down. #OBSTRUCT #RESIST #REVOLT
I'd rather see them indict your former running mate but since she's bought all of DC ansd I know that won't happen I'll go for repeal
To think U people still think Obamacare is a success makes me very scared for u.
Nobody said it was a success. Kaine never said that. But it's a step in the right direction. And this BS is 25 steps backward.

This means nothing. He has shown us time and again we can't believe him.
Name an instance in the last 9 months?
You have to have a mental disorder if you think trump doesn't have an issue with veracity. So many provable lies. Wake up man.
List the lies bud.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html … Tho I'm sure you will blow this off as fake news, remaining blind and ignorant to reality.
Nah, I would rather have freedom, not “Free” stuff paid for by extracting money from others.
When the uninsured can’t pay their bills, who do you think those bills get psssd onto? You’re already paying, you just didn’t know it.
Choice in coverages will bring about reasonable prices. More people will be able to afford it. Better economy will help too.
Better economy? By giving the wealthiest tax cuts? Didn’t work in the 80s. Cutting corporate taxes? CEOs will just take bigger bonuses.
Were you even alive in the 80’s, much less the 70’s? True growth in income, and standard of living. I lived it, it was real.
I was. Trickle down economics? lol. Yeah that really worked out well.
And yet you hide behind internet anonymity. No credibility. I call BS.
So do you? lol
Thank you, Senator @timkaine.
VA a former home dear to my heart. Glad to see you so vocal/passionate in protecting both @VisitVirginia & .
What we want is to not to have to hear from YOU< OBAMA< HILLARY< COMEY<or anyone else who screwed all of us for the past 8 years.
REVOKE ACA NOW!  SUPPORT GRAHAM-CASSIDY!  STOP TAXPAYER EXTORTION & HMO HELL CARE. STOP TOXIC GENERIC DRUG IMPORTS!
No it needs to be replace and I hate that the rhinos and Congress won't do the bidding of the people
Can you lean on @marcorubio? Please encourage him to fix the ACA, not destroy it. And remind of the "Little Marco" remark.
c'mon defend this
oh yeah and it gets better once the govt has more control!? Oh boy can't wait. Instead of a bill it will be out of our taxes Sweet
I want democrats to grow a spine and support single payer. Sell outs.
Nope, we are on opposite ends here.  I believe in free markets and capitalism, you want social medicine.   We are in America for God’s sake!
@weareoversight @RandPaul @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenatorCollins @MikeLeeforUtah @SenAlexander @SenCapito @JerryMoran @senrobportman
tim- WHY DONT YOU JUST ADMNIT TRUMPCARE  IS SOCIALIST AUGMENTED OBAMA CARE ? FRAUD .
I want to know what's going on with your eyebrows. Do you have a twitch? #creepy  #tyrant 
#maga. as a gay man, my gaydar screams at you
#Resist Resist Resist!!!
#Washington post says 56% against new trumpcare. They haven't even touched the tip of the iceberg! How many can't even give their voice?
Thank your Senator Kaine for standing up for the U.S. and Virginia by helping keep healthcare for millions.
#RESIST #PERSIST #PROTEST #GETLOUD #CALLYOURREPRESENTATIVESNOW
@seweso I find it ironic that you don't see the similarities between BTC Core and ACA. It prices millions out of health insurance
RT if you think Tim's son should be interviewed on CNN for his views and how his father helped him form those views
No, we don't. Misspelled your first name.  It's a new computer that has a mind of it's own.  Sometimes it's my fault, but not this time.
Scare tactics of the left, u lost, go sit in the corner and shut up

Call Senator's local offices if you can't get through to DC! #NoGrahamCassidy #DotardTrump
What do you plan to do to stop it?
I'll be in DC Monday
If any of you think repeal and replace of the ACA  will help lower healthcare cost.  You have a rude awakening coming.
I thought about going into politics. I thought "man, if I do the complete opposite of @timkaine I might be a good leader."
Every couple of weeks we have to fight this fight...again and again.  Like they want us to grow weary, so they can kill us without a fight.
Get rid of the fine then. Can't afford ACA and get fined for not having it.
I am fed up with calling every day just to tell my stupid senators to stop this and start doing their damn jobs!!!
ACA can't even get off the ground without major problems. Every four years a battle. For what? Politics as you are doing.
Look at the mess Medicare and a Medicaid stay in. It's a battle every four years.
The government is not an insurance providing institution. It is not a bank.
Shame on you for twisting our government policies.
Don't repeal ACA just fix what's wrong with it, millions 30million plus will be given a death sentence if it is repealed
Co-sponsor Medicare for all!
Senator they wont listen to the people that live in their own back yards. Cassidy/Graham its a BS horrible plan they are trying to buy votes
Call....call..... All lines are open
Until you remove the profit motive from healthcare, this is only political theater. Show some courage for once.
Forgive my lack of knowledge, but what is "RT?"
Only 8 Million have Ocare now and most of it is being paid for by those who can't afford it! You lost. Go find Hillary's emails.
@SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr @LindseyGrahamSC @SenCassidy
The GOP is corrupt and are stealing from the poor. They are also taking from Jesus. No good will come from the GOP greed and love of money.
how bout not about party? These people -these Reps-are assholes-not all Republicans are . #Stopdivideandconquer
https://youtu.be/QVeE-F3pYoU 
Please continue your effort to keep this disaster of a bill from passing! Thank you!!
@Rafaeslomejor I want to know what's being offered to GOP for A vote to repeal ACA?
@Rafaeslomejor i want to know what's being promised to GOP for a vote to repeal ACA
No kidding- money, pork.
I'm just so disgusted - bunch of crooks
REPEAL !  Can't even use O care !  ITS A FRAUD JUST LIKE OBAMA.
The gop obsession with Obama and Hillary is psychotic and immoral. They are not paying attention to WE THE PEOPLE.
The gop has voted 57 times to repeal Obamacare and 7 Hillary investigations. STOP WASTING OUT TAX $$ OR GET A NEW JOB.
People should come first. Remember the US is a #Democracy. Not partisan party affiliations, and ego gratification.
Cons don't care Senator - you know as well as we do.
Go on the news and ask your citizens to contact both houses and say NO to those trying to repeal ACA. Please ask, please
Just curious why you don't support Medicare for all / single-payer
...and write your senators to a) thank them for fighting against this (and the previous) bill or b) persuade them to fight this bill.
So what is your solution? Medicare for all?
Keep doing nothing Tim!!  That's all your good at !
Does "like" mean I want them to carry on with repeal?

How are you an authority on anything we need you can't even control ur son
It's a dawn Shame that some politicians don't care about regular people.
Get behind Bernie Sanders and Single Payer!!
You need to come out in support of @SenSanders #Medicare4All bill. Fight for what's right!!
@integrity4USA TWEETERS! USE THIS KIT to TWEET-CALL GOP Of course RT, share on FB, etc #ProtectOurCare
I don't understand why my GOP brothers & sisters are so short-sighted on this...they will be punished in the midterms & they could avoid it
Tim Kaine is a virus, along with his cronnie political friends. They all deserve the gallows. Just trying divide people and point fingers.
I called nd lft my concrn. I wnt thm to knw imed. Ltr cn gt thrwn away. Thx. Kp me infrmd.
Hi @timekaine. We need you back.  Good guy and can speak Spanish as well.
I want the GOP to go fuck themselves and die in jail for their treasonous behavior.
#RepealObamacare, fool.
Yrs
RT if you think Tim Kaine looks like a potato.
YES YES YES...... stop and think!  Plus, what happened to the promise of "GREAT" healthcare?!?!
Rt if you want Senator Tim Antifa Kaine to resign
Your profile is telling. Keep your selective outrage to yourself.
This bill is a travesty! To take care away from infants & women. Elders Will lose their homes to pay for costs. Its ruin &bankruptcy & death
I have called my Representative and both Senators from Tn. This bill is immoral and deadly.
Retweeting won't stop them.
Republican health plan is properly called TrumpCareLess
High time to repeal Obamacare, buying votes is all it was
GOP should be formally charged with Reckless Endangerment for even suggesting such a heinous, greed driven act of indiscriminate cruelty.
I do want to see that happen hello
Jeez...even his tweets put me to sleep. This was the best we could do for VP?
ACA has to go. Be part of the solution. Stop partisan politics
What healthcare insurance do you have hypocrite?
Get out of OUR healthcare!
So many associations like AMA & CHA disagree with this @congressdotgov @WhiteHouse .  You need to go back to the table.
#Resist #CallLegistlatures #KillTheBill
File electric Outage time limits in college areas, NOW Settle Christmasegg case  California is watching you disregard things. Money dn 4/5s
RT what? Have you spoken to Liz? What's the latest count on how many millions will die?
ACA must be repealed. Theft of Americans hard earned money who pay  for their medical care must be stopped.    Illegal Aliens get subsidies

Coverage you cannot afford
RT if you think Obamacare is the biggest scam perpetrated on the American people.
Actually, gp is probably becoming the leading cause of death in this country. They sure keep my pressure up.
You could have included useful info like the Senate phone number. 202-224-3121
Single payer Tim - Single payer.
Rt isn't going to stop anything, please call if you haven't.
Just Called #toomey again. Officially"he is still reviewing the bill" so can't give opinion on pre existing. What a disgusting response.
Yes, Stop them! It's the Sara Palin Death Camps she prophesied about!
Hell Yes! Stop trying to replace and ruin our med cov - just fix it or we the American ppl will fix your homesickness and send you home!
Please help us @timkaine!
Make the ACA as good as it can be. I think with some tinkering it could be great.
We would like Democrat Congress to work harder to stop it.  Seems we grassrooters are doing all the work.
Tweeting doesn't stop Republicans from killing the ACA. We have to CALL, protest, get on the news, get IN THEIR FACES.
lets fix health care and have insurance companies list what they cover in their policies
@timkaine Thank you for helping to #ProtectMyProsthesis for my son victim of #centralparkexplosion
If you see @SenatorWicker or @SenThadCochran pls let them know Mississippians don't want #CassidyGraham
What exactly is RTing this going to do to help stop the bill? Does McCain care about your RTs?
Stop the KochHeads
Shame on the @GOP this is a disgrace
Better yet - get on the phones and make some noise!
@TheDemocrats  FIX the ACA! Don't trash it! Penalties! High-deductibles! High-premiums! Effective cost controls!  F I X  I T! 
Will you take a stand against what is being done to Anastasia? https://www.change.org/p/terry-mcauliffe-prevent-hospitals-from-seeking-guardianship-as-means-2-override-patient-rights/u/21411085 …
#noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy #noGrahamCassidy
I just want them to go away.
It isn't working, it will collapse, you partisan hack.
You are this country's legitimate VP.
Even my guy Sen.Graham gone over to that
Dark Side!
Please , praying for all
Just another lying Socialist who wants us to look like Venizuala !
Vote NO making Plea/Request/Demand 2 Not Support/Vote 4 @BillCassidy #Grahamcassidy!!!
Thanks you for your hard work! Proud to have you representing me and SWVA in this fight!


BREAKING: 32 MILLION to lose coverage under Graham-Cassidy https://m.dailykos.com/stories/1700071 
WHY ISNT ANYONE TALKING ABOUT THE HIT THE HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY WILL TAKE AS WELL! Loss of jobs by the millions as well.
Americans who speak up are being shut up, by Trump! America the land of the free - is a thing of the past.
Like most things the Gov tries to control, the idea of universal Health Care is worthy, but the execution is a mess.
Thank you @timkaine for your work to protect Americans from these lying, depraved republicans.
Let them know that there's more to life than the Koch brothers.
@maybellinecat Excretion on the streets causes epidemics and GOP guts healthcare. Pharma out of antibiotics. Smh.
So you would prefer Americans to have higher premiums, deductibles that will never be reached and the middle class to become poorer.
Ms. Harris gets how things works and what's effective:
The people won last time. So keep calling and writing letters. Time to defeat this “health care” bill once and for all: (202) 224-3121. 
Do you honestly believe tweeting or retweeting influences anyone at all in the halls of power? Tell people to CALL OR FAX THEIR SENATORS.
THANKS TIM ...I DONT THINK THEY WILL STOP TIL MITCH AND RYAN ARE GONE. BUT WE CAN HOPE.
I would if this tweet was more clearly worded. It sounds like a retweeter would be saying they want to take coverage from millions.
We need to put pressure on the GOP. Tweets won't help. We have to fight harder!
THIS IS ALL ABOUT TAKING THE $$ FROM HEALTHCARE AND WILLING TO KILL PEOPLE TO DRIVE THRU THE KOCH BROS AGENDA WHICH IS #TAXCUTSFORRICH

How about if I just want republicans to stop?
Thank you Senator Kaine! From your constituent at 22554!
Breaking a promise because fulfilling it would be detrimental is forgivable. Doing something detrimental to keep a promise...#unforgivable
They are making a willful choice to literally harm the people & making the willful choice to misrepresent it.  #unconscionable
When will you endorse #medicareforall ?  Join Bernie Sanders fight, or lose your seat.
Why are they wasting time & $....
Their productivity is below sea err, swamp level based on pay& benefits/insurance they receive.
I wish that was all it took....
But millions are suffering under the ACA. We don't matter????
with Obamacare people were penalized if they didn't have it, otherwise many would rather not have coverage.
RT if your home state looked like this on election night...and you were the small blue spots.
Exactly what does that do Mr Kaine? Should you be telling folks to call senators not RT your tweets?
Please come out stronger than that!!!! They are lying about coverage, pre-existing & more. CALL IT OUT!!! Dems need to get some huevos.
After your retweet, CALL THE REPUBS & TELL THEM NO!!
retweet them in the head with a mallet
@GManfan64 Tim, we need an American hero to save us. Are you up to a challenge?
Sen Tim only cares about protecting his wealth power and bleeds for his peasant forgotten voters. Tim was educated by Rockhurst Jesuits
Ask Senoator Tim his much he pays for his family health care and the 18,000 staff members Exempt from OBAMA CARE? REMEMBER TIM CARES ABOUT U
No! Repeal now!
Tim doesn't have to worry about Obama Care he has the Best!! Thankgod he can get his Antifa son Woody mental help free!
Tim loves not having to enroll in Obama Care Exchange he has a tax write off from Obama exemption! Hypocrite Tim He cares about you!
Tim is embarrassed to call it Obama Care and REMEMBER:TIM AND HIS  FAMILY AND STAFF MEMBERS ARE EXEMPT FROM OBAMA CARE OR TIM CALLS IT ACA!
Tim your mentor Barack Obama said it was cool to call it Obama Care! Tim Kaine the Politically Correct Progressive
I'd like you to stop being a partisan hack
Tim I think you should take care of your Antifa son Woody and get him off like a typical Jesuit educated lad you are!
They're still trying, huh?
Not retweeting.  I refuse to pay coverage for illegal immigrants.
