Yes sir you're right they keep all the money that they get donated to themselves, they need to drain the swamp there also
How much of the money will actually go to the people who need help?
They are among the most cost-efficient agencies. During Katrina they bought truckloads of palletized supplies 4 Austin's evacuation centers.
"Red Cross Exec Doesn't Know What Portion Of Donations Go To Harvey Relief"
All of their financial information is online via 990. They have 3.8% administrative expenses. You may wish to direct your inquiry to @NPR.
You can talk to NPR if you disagree.
This is important! Solidarity to the next! 
Better yet, donate to The Salvation Army. They show up with food, and stay the course. ARC salaries obscene, they 'keep' most of $$ donated.
Not donating a dime to you until Mar a Lago fundraising event is CANCELLED! Ethics plz! Do the right thing! #MaraLago #Resist
They've been canceled, but @redcross spent years there and you know they'll quietly go back:
Thx! don't have to the recent updates when I sent tweet! Imagine this will be the case. Will need to stay on top of them
The fact they only left after bad publicity means they only want money, no matter how unethical.
yep. WTH is wrong with people these days. No moral compass, no nothing! Starting at the top!
Did @cdcatx come after you for this comment? They tried to come at me for asking about the RC. Focus on public health, please.
Just heard an interview with 1 of you guys at RC. He wouldn't answer question about % of donations that actually go to needy.
That may have been the NPR story. @cdcatx told me to contact NPR. I didn't have the problem with the story. They did. Bad pr move @cdcatx
I know 30 recipients from hurricane Harvey in Rockport that  applied for assistance all 30 were denied $300 to $400
does texting it work for Verizon? I tried it but didn't get a response.
I didn't either. Does it have to be all caps?
I finally got a reply text that night.
Unfortunate - I hope they get the help
Didnt RedCross mismanaged all those funds for the Haiti disater? Im cool, ill give directly.
No donation y'all are not helping Harvey victims turning them down people who list everything shame on yall
You're a bunch of crooks!!
DO NOT DONATE TO RED CROSS
Nope. Not a cent. Give a better r org. Also doesn't have to be earmarked. Tell us who's out there now & I'll help refill their funds.
I partner with my local American Red Cross. Does a portion of my monthly contribution go to help?
I *believe* they distribute to where it is needed most. So probably yes?
i texted and i am not getting an answer i am doing somethig wrong?? is it working for you guys?
Are you with Verizon? I am having the same issue.
#BostonStrong help #HoustonStrong #HurricaneHarvey, GoTo @RedCross http://rdcrss.org/harvey  or text word HARVEY to 90999 to make $10 donation
I heard that Red Cross has been giving $400 to illegals but not US citizens. Is this true?
Like.
After Katrina and Gaitlinburg, I wouldn't give them a dime.
Baton Rouge, made parents pay for baby formula, threw away perfectly good food that people brought and were very rude!  #notoredcross
Just did
Really? Please google this!
Support your local Red Cross...
Done! And done! Need more!
I texted that number & haven't received any confirmation.
Someone showed me they got a message they would get a receipt within 24 hrs.
@BebeRexha here baby
angel (^^)
I'm making a gofundme to raise money and then it will go to you guys
You're such a sweet heart!
I live in Houston.
#PrayForHarvey 
Fvck U thieves
We REMEMBER
@SabrinaAnnLynn post a link and I'll retweet. 
when I first heard about it I was in shock they need all of our prayers let's all pray for them
I lived through a direct hit by #SuperstormSandy and don't know anyone who got a dime from the @RedCross  #Fraud #Harvey Only @fema helped.
What are charges when sending the text from Germany?
Юль
Thank you Kels 
I'm going to do this. They need my help and I'm here for them.. God bless the people of Houston
I did text Harvey to 90999 and never received any kind of thank you. How do I know it went through?
just donated
Last night's VMA's, why did it take 30 minutes to even mention #HurricaneHarvey , but Trump bashing started from the beginning?
Making my donation now!!!
Americans NEED the Red Cross to live up to its mission statement.
Still waiting on on accounting of the donations for Haiti with only 10 houses built.
I hope there is a better response and accountability than with Hurricane Katrina Still waiting for accounting of that 1 billion collected.
Yep!!
Salvation Army or Samaritans Purse. Samaritans Purse do tremendous work in disasters like this.
Better than Red Cross.
No.
Use form on their website for specific donation for #Harvey. Any other method goes to greatest need!
I'm not saying don't donate but scam artist don't care please verify before donating .
No. Not until you help families with pets.
And you know I haven't?
I feel horrible for what's happening in Texas, #HurricaneHarvey but, executives at the Red Cross make 6 figures a year. Seems unethical
Ohh I get what you meant now.
They also do not help families with pets
Support this!
Please donate $10 to Red Cross. Texans are in desperate need for help with the Harvey hurricane and the flooding. #donate #redcross #pray
Just donated!
#together
