As a Gorsuch supporter, I agree 100%! The process was designed this way for a reason, changing it is shortsighted and unprincipled.
Oh where to start with this one.
"From" Pennsylvania, natch.
Trollbot Twitter accts tend to be from big states like NY/CA/TX or Rust Belt. "American places Russians have heard of for $100, Alex."(6/22)
And his buzzword placement is...award-worthy? Politics, Economics, Hip Hop, Gaming..........."
I suspect a weekly incentive meeting at the trollbot centers where whoever packs the most buzzwords into a profile wins a prize. (7/22)
But what's truly notable about this troll is the blog link. An attempt to add legitimacy but last posts in 2016. I just started seeing this.
Stop making friends with everyone without looking. The trolls are now pretending to be lefties.
The trolls have realized there are no more real Trumpers on Twitter. They have turned to friend. Beware of "my side" trolls. https://twitter.com/susanemoney/status/849788186662387712 …
I'm not a lefty, nor am I pretending to be one.
Merrick Garland! He's a centrist for god's sake
He's a liberal with a conservative stance on criminal justice - at a time where more people, even Rs, are coming around to CrimJus reform
"Liberal"? Hahahahahahahahahahahahahhahaahh!
...unlike my predecessor Harry Reid who couldn't get 60 votes for lifetime judges to the DC Circuit, so he changed the rules.
"Michael" made this acct just for @SenCortezMasto who is so terrifying in her freshman term that she's being targeted by trollbots. Badge. 
P.S. I miss the eggs. Not as much as this guy, but I miss the eggs.
THE ENTIRE POINT OF THE EGG WAS TO SYMBOLISE THE START OF YOUR BIRD LIFE THE TWEET BUTTON IS A FEATHER AND THE HOME ICON IS A BIRD HOUSE 
and yes, the eggs were cool.
To late the voters think highly of Gorsuch.
We will see how that pans out in the long run
Tomorrow we will have a new Supreme Court Judge.  Judge Gorsuch.
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz Listen to a voice of reason, country above party, leave then @ 8
"Tony" is an excellent example of the newer "my side" troll. Trouble is his English is so bad you can't tell what side he's on. 57/36=lazy.
Sorry, I'm confused as to what you are stating.  I'm not a troll and do occasionally type a little faster and don't always spell check.
You may be the only GOP Senator worth respecting. We may not agree on politics, by thank you for standing up for what is right.
Get rid of McConnell
I said as a life-long Democrat is ACCEPT a NOMINEE RIGHT OF SCALIA. #Gorsuch is a TYRANIST in the making w/NO RESPECT 4 SEPARATION OF POWERS
Democrats use politics as the reason to vote no, not premised on rule of law.
How about his plagiarism? That is more than enough reason to vote no by itself.
It's alleged plagiarism/miscitation argument used as a smear tactic in lieu of any actual reason why he would be unqualified.
He lifted from an Indiana Law Journal article 4 his book The Future of Assisted Suicide and Euthanasia No Tactic It happened He did it.
He allegedly did it. Perhaps improper citation. It is not even close to sufficient reason to vote no.
a side by side comparison makes it clear it is not an allegation. And sure we dont mind justices who are OK w/ stealing. U have no case
So now youre qualified to rule his case w/ no evidence or hearing? It's speculation. It has no bearing on his ability to do the job at hand
Americans agree. Garland wasn't even given a chance but it clear there is more here re:Gorsuch. Americans want SCOTUS that works 4 them.
Kudos, Senator! I applaud you stance and the courage it took to take it publicly.
Crazy talk
Lazy talk.
It isn't his fault he can't gain bipartisan support.
@Die__Trying_ Merrick Garland comes to mind...
@vShockAndAwev The Dems made a bad decision on this one. They should've filibustered the next one...
THANK YOU, SEN MASTRO, FOR PUTTING THE GOOD OF OUR COUNTRY OVER UR PARTY!! Ur seat may b saved in 2018 b/c of it.
move forward with out Demo!!! Western Americans have endured enough junk justice. We need reform. #ConfirmGorsuch GOP fix it
26 followers and 4500 tweets. Laaaazzzzyyy. Not even your own accounts?
Especially when they’re working together – your accounts like my accounts’ tweets and I reciprocate. (11/22)
And respect.
thank u for taking a stand.
Good idea.
That's not going to happen now!
Thank you senator.
The voice of reason!!! TY
Try Merrick Garland.
Merrick Garland
#ConfirmGarland
THANK YOU SENATOR, FINALLY WORDS OF WISDOM FROM A GOP SENATOR, YOU HAVE MY SUPPORT
Wow this troll is well seasoned - 216k tweets!  What'd you do to get demoted from the EU? Or are the pros coming back cuz it's time?!?
So great in fact you seem to be one of the only pro-Trump trolls left. Mute this troll and keep your eyes open.
The trolls have realized there are no more real Trumpers on Twitter. They have turned to friend. Beware of "my side" trolls. https://twitter.com/susanemoney/status/849788186662387712 …
And with your #RESIST, who pray tell would that be?
You, "skeeter980237233876261." Nice touch with the North Carolina. Try harder on the profile.
Surveillance runs rampant with you guys (ha!) -- too much time on your hands -- and your point exactly? I'm following the $$$, ms. Money
what is bipartisan?  I think that became extinct years ago
Unfortunately Democrats have no moral authority to demand that since they didn't keep to that standard previously.
Holy Shit.  A reasonable suggestion from a currently sitting (R)...
Thank you!
GOP does not understand bipartisan process. No compromise. Party before country
@SenateDems and @SenateGOP will always argue. What we need is an immediate flush of leftists in the senate. #ivote
May I suggest Merrick Garland?
@SenateDems Thank u for seeing how wrong this is It sends a message of party over country Please consider waiting
no one will give bipartisan support regardless who is put forth. Our government has made a mockery of our country.
No bust that filibuster and go nuclear then no more filibuster next time
You are awesome, representing your constituents.  High Five!!!
Like Merrick Garland, who was chosen by a legitimate President who was not in collusion with Russia
As if the GOP would ever attempt something bipartisan.
If they even gave Garland a vote it would be along party lines. It's a stalemate. The R's are pushing this forward.
@MattAsherS It would be important to have aSCOTUS who doesn't ignore 3 WOC Senators.
thank you for expressing this view. Does @SenatorCollins join you?
Nah, that's too sensible.
@IndivisibleTeam THANK YOU
@Analisa_Swan  Never Gorsuch, his mantra is Profits over People, until Death do they part!
Vote with #Heller FOR #Gorsuch
I honestly don't think ANY vote should be happening with a #TreasonTrump still in the WH. #TraitorTrump #NoGorsuch
Merrick Garland?
Does anyone else think it's wrong for Gorsuch to air political ads advocating his confirmation?
She was the 1st agency head (EPA under Reagan) to be cited for Contempt of Congress & resigned before she was fired. Protected companies.
Thank you, Senator Masto.
Why we would we want a man who plagiarized his book as a member of SCOTUS? Since his Mom is Anne Burford I doubt his ability to be impartial
Repuglican's march in goose-step with one another. Never going to happen.
Merrick Garland
Americans going to turn out in records numbers to vote remember that.... !!!
Thank you, @SenCortezMasto!  We appreciate your leadership!
Merrick Garland.
@IndivisibleTeam Thank You @SenCortezMasto for doing the right thing
Can u also tell them 2 scrap the #crosscheck system it ethnically cleansed the voter registry the day b4 the election pls we rnt felons
Merrick Garland
I remember learning in school the parties once in DC worked together for the good of country and respected the rules Of democracy #McConnell
Thank you for your thoughtful request. I wish others thought of their constituency first.
Like um Garland maybe?
This is how it works. GOP will blow themselves up with the nuclear option! Everyone's ratings in the toilet! Go get em Mitch!
Be careful, those anonymous Twitter eggs and Pepe frogs might drop the Hot Pocket and persuade you otherwise.
1. How about we wait unitl investigatoon into #TrumpRussia is complete?
2. Merrick Garland
They're too proud, too stubborn to do the will of the people...but one can hope.
Sounds like a sane plan
Thank you, Senator Masto.
They don't yet understand that confirming Gorsuch by any means necessary will ultimately cost them far more than it will ever gain them.
@IndivisibleTeam Like Garland?
Merrick Garland
Thank you Senator. Finally a voice of reason.
Gop going to reap what Gop sows
Like Merrick Garland?
@stephan08347556 and hand DJT a loss he needs
@SenDeanHeller be a hero!
@sencortezmasto you're a hypocrite.  You'd vote against Ginsberg if Trump nominated her.  Soon your constituents will realize their mistake!
Omg another noob troll! And holy crap who knew @RealJamesWoods was on the kool-aid? Wonder if he has pee tapes too.
Sounds like #GorkyPark
Thank you!
Elections have consequences. You won't approve anyone conservative. So deal with dirty harry's precedent.
Garland couldn't get 60, wasn't withdrawn.
Who?
I didn't vote for Trump so he could appoint SCOTUS justices who Democrats will support. That gave us 2 liberal rubber stamps. No thanks.
It would be best if we could get our reps to compromise. But @SenateMajLdr was wrong to refuse Garland a vote & he should loudly admit so.
@SenateMajLdr could give a mea culpa for unprecedented obstructionism on Obama appointees and apologize. Maybe Dems would accept apology.
I don't understand how a president under FBI investigation and campaigning even gets to nominate when Obama couldn't get #MerrickGarland
Because he won.
Just seems like the one who was constantly calling another candidate "crooked" may have some big issues of his own.
@Firehorsegirly This would be the right thing to do! Chances of that happening: almost none.
Trump is incapable of picking anyone who could gain bipartisan support - nor should it be acceptable to any dem for him to pick at all! ☆
good luck with that like it or not he's in and your out!
John is meh. Chicago is a place Russians have heard of. And a little too keywordy. I vote troll.
A President under a FBI investigation for treason doesn't get to pick a lifetime SCOTUS appointment! Support a Traitor You Are a Traitor.
Merrick Garland.
This is a #StolenSeat under an illegitimate pres. MERRICK GARLAND is the only acceptable nomination.
No. We want him. That is why we voted both houaes majority American our Trump presidwnt!!
@SenCoryGardner Colorado agrees 80211
That nuclear option is proving dang inconvenient about now eh?
voice of reason 
GOP should listen 
#stopGorush
Merrick Garland is the only person who should get bipartisan support, because he is the only one who should be given a hearing right now.
@MrAwesomeWV I would hope you would urger your fellow senators to hold a hearing for Garland
And someone who doesn't plagiarize.
WHY Did Ya'll Overwhelming Vote For Him Before, U. Malevolent Hypocrites!!
I urge no one to support the Illegal Immigrant, Sharia Law, and Sanctuary City Party.
Merrick Garland.....
