all you DIMMS do is talk, trump gives you an opportunity to make the dreamers LEGAL, and all YOU do is raise money off the opportunity.
Oregon Dreamer's are released to Rape, Rob & Sodomize Portland's Elderly Women!

AND WHAT ABOUT WHAT THE..."WE THE PEOPLE" WANT?  You know... The REAL CITIZENS.
Thank you sir! Also PLEASE don’t forget DOJ is going after anti DT folks on Social Media, the naturalized citizens & the permeant residents.
@AmericasVoice do not forget the 1.5m immigrants documented immigrants stuck in the 70 yr backlog wait. #hr392 #s281
Thank you!
I keep wondering when you'll stand for American citizens first.....
I'm proud that Illinois has the most
Why was this not done long ago w/ the Dreamers given a path to citizenship and a timeline in which to fulfill the requirements? Don't get it
I'm a dreamer 2 but a resident so how do I get someone to fight for my dream #delayed #uscis #student #pilot #pending #n400 #ratherbeflying

Photo-op with Al Nusra 'Civil Defense'. Careful Jeff, you don't want to be photographed with al Qaeda affiliate.
Deport all illegal aliens. I'm tired of paying for them. #EndDACA
Senate Democrats will Let the Dreamers go to Murder again!
Stop fighting already! It's why u don't get anything done & r hated. Negotiate. Give up a little, & u will receive. @realDonaldTrump will.
They can dream in Mexico
You fool
Look in the mirror
Where are the Republicans?
@SenCortezMasto I Stand with the Dreamers!
No. Just. No. Illegals should not benefit without going through proper channels like all legals!
While you sit on your millions.
800000 dreamers 300000000 homeless. American children who are real dreamers
That’s right. Keep on supporting criminal activity. Makes you a stellar Senator.
As President Trump requested you do.
All these traitots. Every day more and more focus on giving out amnesty. The only tweets I want to see for DACA should come from ICE
Vanilla Ice? Ice T? Ice Cube? which one
Whats Moslem Ive never heard of them? lol
Sir you have to stop being ignorant not all Muslims are bad just like not all brown people are DACA.
There are radicals in every race. There are radical whites also remember Oklahoma? Religion is interpreted differently by different people.

DreamAct.  Why do we always have to pander to people breaking the law.  there is a process follow it.  Forgot your a politician above thelaw
The GOP couldn't even be bother to reauthorize funding for 9 million kids healthcare & let CHIP expire. Pushing Tax cuts for billionaires.
Do working class and poor Americans need Medicaid? Medicare? Better schools? Better roads and infrastructure?

Tough. Democrats are busy spending $135 billion a year on services for illegal aliens instead.
You all need the illegal votes keep dreaming
Gotta get them Democrat taxpayer funded SLAVERY slips in before Harvest.  @SenFeinstein is afraid the crops are going to rot in the fields.
Boo
Fuck the dreamers. We don't want them or illegal families.
And with this freaking crew
 it'll turn out to be a nightmare
Sure enough. How is something so clearly good not a shining example of bipartisanship? Couldn't even bother to bring the Rs in for the vid?
@SenJeffMerkley I wish you were behind #American #citizens.
Dick, what is your net worth? You can't get rich in politics unless you're a crook." Harry Truman
Awesome.  I pray it happens!!
Thank you!
Your dreams, Democrats, are America's nightmare. That's why Trump is President.
Dreamers were brought in against will. Their dream is to see their country getting strong. See the flag of other countries in rally. Let go.
Russian BOT alert.  God there r do many of them!!

THANK YOU!!!
Please do, DREAMErs are fighting with you. Thanks for supporting the cause. Let's continue pressuring until it becomes reality.

As an American I don't appreciate you looking out for people who he are here illegally!!!!
Yet I can't bring my 1/2 American daughter and grandsons to the US because I didn't know about her until she was an adult. We want our kids
Do you object to enforcing our immigration laws?  If so get congress to change them. Oh that's right you are already there.
thank you
Your out.  We will vote you out uphold the Constitution!!!   You sworn an oath !!!
Hello Tammy.  Nice to see a friendly face.
Where do I fall in your priorities? Natural-born citizen, hard working, tax paying, honest, and politically involved Illinoisan-that's me.
Democrats need you to pay for their welfare class.  That's all they care about you.

To bad #Democrats won't fight this hard for everyday #Americans Dick if I declare I'm #illegal will you make my dreams come true #EndDACANOW
No, but if you work hard, go to school and get an education your work will make your dreams come true.
Please include Ageing Out Legal Immigrant Children with  TPS till parents Get Green Card in #DreamAct @SenatorDurbin  @SenJohnMcCain
I truly hope so. I worry for my friends every day. They're like family and do not deserve this uncertainty.
Apply for citizenship or deport them. RULE OF LAWS OR WE HAVE NO COUNTRY
Not only do you force us to live with #Obamacare but now you expect conservatives to capitulate? Your side lost the presidency and congress.
I am third...The politicians pockets, immigrants/refugees, and then me, the citizen.  What a shame!!!!
BOT alert!!
Yeah.  Everybody outside the Democrat "groupthink" is a Bot.  People with opinions different then yours don't really exist.
Good work. Save our Family.
Senator We Have Faith ROS
