No.
Of course they dont want women involved.  Viagra is covered but coverage for a menopausal woman experiencing sexual dysfunction, nope.  SAD
Just b/c OBAMA had Pelosi on his side when he passed OBAMACARE doesnt make it right - she never read the bill - she did as directed
Try not to have a stroke ladies trying to be reasonable with unreasonable crooked power tripping scumbags!
Just think, men in the back room does not breath the same air as the women, eh?
13 white men alone in a backroom never did anything good for anyone but other white men.
Not like they arranged America's independence or anythi... Oh wait.
Not all Americans independence.I'm pretty sure those men owned slaves after the revolution.So the good they did was only for other white men
They're identifying as female 50% of the time, so all good
The False Woman Arguement found in The Progressive Handbook next to they men are rich you women are poor unequal pay
@SenateGOP You are hiding as effectively as, well, an elephant in an outhouse. The smell of your actions is remarkably similar, too.
Where are their wives? Their daughters? What buys their silent toleration of this new front in the increasingly overt war on women?
I don't get it either
Finally, white males are catching a break.
1993 - Hillary's team of un-elected meddlers in a back room crafted what would be later be hailed as Obamacare - and you said, what exactly?
Circle jerk maybe??
Thank you Ladies we shouldnt have to go back bc 13 Men all hiding in the BASEMENT making decisions for Women when they can still get VIAGRA
13 men ... plus how many lobbyists?
Probably more than we know
This is all fine & good & I agree.  But these are all Democrats. Where is the outrage from any @GOP female Senators? Or any GOP Senators?
Hey #Soros leave @SenatorShaheen 's check to New Hampshire. #PaidShill
MoveOn was founded on the notion that getting blow jobs from white house interns then lying is A-OK!, so is accepting bribes from Hillary.
But it was ok for Democrats to pass behind close doors and pass it before reading.. People can't afford deductibles or premiums..
More lies from the left and your leader at Move ON, George Soros! Stop this now!! Your govt takeover of our healthcare system has failed! 
Correct me if I'm wrong, but doesn't a pregnancy require a man?  How about we charge all non-castrated males more $?
we are a democracy that should represent ALL of the people, women represent a vast majority & should be muscling their way into the room
I cannot believe I voted for you for governor. Boy was I young and ignorant
"Woman,...like the colored man, will never be taken by her brother and lifted to a position. What she desires, she must fight for." Douglass
He was a Republican. Learn history.
Half of the population is not represented by this committee!
We have to pass the bill to see whats in the bill
NO man will survive the wrath of wronged women!!! @SenateGOP S @HouseGOP
These women need to have a chat with the GOP ladies who give up their sole or live a life of a Carmalite nun and bow to men.
@GeorgeTakei Back to the 1950s
I have posted my personal medical bills so that ppl can see what it means to be sick and unable to work.
We want all of their names post must get viral!! Must can sue them violating citizens rights to life pursuit of happiness! Harassing 123 mil
Sure but they are harming a lot more than women. Nobody cares about blue collar workers any more because that seems too socialisr
No they are invisible! Serve no purpose in this leadership' s eyes! That is tradirional too You Know that!
Funny, whether in the beginning or end, a vagina was involved in these ass****s being born. Nice thank you!
I called Senator Fischer's office today and was told that women "were invited" to participate? What does that mean?
That's just some 30 somethings reading pay answers Think folk stupid!
Reading Pat!
Don't waste your breath. The GOP doesn't give one goddamn about you or me or anybody else outside their yacht club. Period. End of America.
Better idea. Quit trying to run every single aspect of a person's existence. ACA failed. Drop the whole thing and move on.
Patty Murray yeah my senator!
I am anti-unwanted pregnancies.
No one wants an abortion, but instead of concentrating on the symptom, we need to concentrate on the cause which is unwanted pregnancies.
All males should be given vasectomies at birth.  Reversal allowed only when they have a partner that wants a pregnancy.
The rise of std's then it is
OMG..for a 'civilised' nation this is so 'backward' & they talk about Muslim women being oppressed by men.They are just as bad if not worse!
Ding ding ding sick!
I am appalled at these men and their stupidity, archiac attitudes, and hatred
Well, they are white men, they can't come to my swing party.....

......oh silly me, you women can't come either!

Brad don't think about it
These men want to suppress women by making their lives more difficult while padding their own bank accounts.
Wasn't there just a TV skit where pelosi and ryan said they were going to start working together after horrible shooting?When does it start?
Thank you ladies for standing up and representing all women! We so appreciate you!
Sometimes it is impossible to believe that the year is 2017.
Thanks Ladies I appreciate that you #ProtectOurCare
I see you another hate group knocking on our senators door. Their slogan is resist, how about construct not obstruct. Get to work Senators.
These men are trash
Wait haven't you liberals been saying that gender is a state of mind...?
ty ladies
https://actionnetwork.org/events/rally-on-senator-dean-heller-against-ahca?source=direct_link& …
ha ha how funny from the women that think they're so special that they r the only ones with reproductive rights
Please do all you can to stop this ! It's cruel and terrifying
Way to go Senator, 13 white male men decide a policy that guts; seniors, veterans, women, economic disadvantaged, for a tax break & bragging
A lot of misinformation out there. How many people have lost health care since OBama care started. How's many joined via Medicaid taxes.
Thank you, @SenCortezMasto! Representing Nevada well! Not sharing the bill is a atrocity!
an atrocity.
Horse hockey...more divisiveness by the left and progressives .
Equal shame that women in Senate are so virulently sexist. And so sure everyone is taking something from them.  Disgusted female in MI
Keep up the fight! Proud to be in your district, @SenStabenow knowing you're fighting for us.
Resist is ALL you people do!! It's time you get on the bandwagon or you will be history in 2018
Nothing like being men bashers ladies! Its truly unprofessional
"You Can All Die, We Don't Care." Republican Health Care 2017 Explained #Healthcare #AHCA http://tiny.cc/72fsky 
Shame!Isn't there enough pain with attacks,outright lies&partisan acts."You can find out what's in it after it's passed."
This is lies..liberals will twist the facts to get their warped agenda out....move on..is a Soros funded project to destroy US!!!
Nothing like fanning the flames
The 13 have wives. What kind of women are they that they have allowed their husbands to do this?
Maybe they know them well enough to trust their judgement.
What's is sad is that so many ignorant women voted for this doushe bag they asked for this
It's not good politics to close off healthcare
The biggest problem is those 13 men aren't qualified to legislate a pie eating contest!!
It's a tax cut for millionaires that's being called AHCA.
Keep the pressure on ladies!! Doing a great job!!
