Why don't u take the 60M to Mexico & protest the Govt to improve quality of life for its citizens
How many work using falsified documents and social security numbers? That's a felony!
have you been watching the news? We are deporting BIGLY!
The United States of America is for Citizens and Invited Guests. Squatters go home.
Bravo? Really? You encourage that behavior? We have laws in this country. Let's respect them!
Of course all American citizens can  stay!!
we given Mexico billions over,the years to maintain their borders ,and to control drugs.
Not unless they become legal citizens.
How many illegals are poor, uneducated and carry communicable diseases?
So they won't want to leave their country? U know why cause here u can protest w/o consequences
..Certainly.  stand up all you legal Latinos. You are welcome. Go home squatters
illegal is different than immigration, illegal is Wrong , expense is not mine #MAGA @LouDobbs @SenateMajLdr
STOP BREAKING THE LAW AND THERE WILL BE NO ISSUES.  How embarrassing you're a lawless senator. 
Reconquista Ramos, appropriate way to protest is through your representative at Mexican Embassy.
da gracias que estas aquí y puedes hablar, respeta ese derecho,sin criticar aquellos que lo dan.
definivamente tu no eres la voz que me representas a mi y muchos como yo.....
jorge, y a ti quien te ha dado la voz para hablar por todos los latinos en este pais.....
Tell that to the people that just got shipped out last week. They thought the same thing.
please encourage people to obey ALL of our laws, lawlessness leads to destruction of country
porque no criticas a tus gobernantes en Mexico?Por cobarde alla si te callan ,mas facil clamar justicia aqui
In PA, one illegal admitted using a stolen passport to come to the US.
you know there are Latinos that support Trump and want immigration laws followed too, right?
in Mexico you're likely to b murdered; you're a coward of the worst kind
Mexico has been taken us for a ride ,we don't like it . Your crappy neighbors
The hypocrisy coming from Mexico is astounding. Here's how they treat illegals.
multiple news sources CNN latimes covered Mexico isn't maintaining their border it cheaper to dump them U.S.
Maybe the legals are here to stay.
OLVIDASTE
los que comen de  la basura.De la contaminacion brutal de los rios que ya no hay bosques de los que tu te
Habla de los ninos en las calles en Mexico drogandose con limpiador PVC.de los miles viviendo en las calles
lleno de corrupcion e injusticia donde se discrimina al indio y al pobre y . Donde manda don dinero
hablas mucho  hablas por ti.Muchos estamos aqui no porque queremos sino porque nustro pais es una porqueria
Elections will speak loud and clear in the end. Latinos who respect this country and its soverenty remember.
it rude to show up unannounced, we can overlook,we aren't going to tolerate criminals  11 mil 2012 now 20-21
we should have to pay to jail other criminals , it rude to go to someone house and behave poorly
equal society break the law you go to prison ,,illegals go back on street , then they kill people.
you may scream all you want you are a guess here.
criminals , we have laws America citizens defauld government programs we go to jail.
UR are going if the courts say you are!
And if the wall is built with our tax dollars, you lied. You all will help pay! LOL!
This guy Jorge is an idiot. He just admitted that Illegal Aliens use fake ID's. So now we know theyRvoting.
if that happens there will be mass deportation , only crime being here illegally , as opposed to going for
Latinos have never whimper let's not start now. We have earned our right. Stop trying to provoke.
you're here uninvited & you have wore your welcome out. Mexicans are rude & disrespectful.
do you want him to go after the employers ?  Be careful what you ask for , if he go after employers
Jorge Latinos have always advanced. Reason, we don't whine We move forward. We are not liberals.
No one asked you to sit down and shut up... That drama is self-humiliating.
Come in legally,or go home.
you made a statement to Chris wallace,, iit the fault of Americans hiring them, true
Illegal Immigrants are criminals. Being in the USA illegally is a criminal act.
what would happen to me if I went to Mexico aND used stolen or fake ID to work illegally?
illegals will be deported.
u say they help us by being here 2 work, Isn't that #Stealing OUR Jobs!?! @POTUS #DEPORT Please!!
and if youre here illegally you will be arrest and you will be sent back.
then be here to stay Legally
Come here legally or don't come at all. We don't have money to support you and we won't support U
What part of Criminal don't you understand!! & these ILLEGALS don't help us USA citizens at all.
you're speaking is an insult to the  Mexicans that did it the right way becoming a US citizen
you admit that getting a false DL to get government benefits is a crime
it's not the Latinos, it's the damn illegals we have a problem with, AND THEY WILL BE DEPORTED!!!
No your not..Your ass is getting deported wettie.. Before you go can one of you guys mow my lawn?
#ShutUp
you are crazy and talking in circles illegal means illegal violent crime or no violent crime
it is a crime to enter the United states without permission.
Such lies that Obama deported more than ever. He changed how stats were counted & invited w/entitlements @SenCortezMasto @jorgeramosnews
No a el no lo dejan entrar ala casa blanca hace rato problema domestico!!
Ramos promoting the same disrespect he had when he was kicked out by Trump at the press conf
por estar en contra del país que los adoptó no los dejan entrar en la WH JR fomentan una guerra
If you are a criminal then no you are not here to stay! If you obey the law then yes. -Trump
En donde estás trabajando ? Ya no vas a la Casa Blanca?
jorge ramos is disgraceful. Does nothing but complain about host country. Shamefull.
