Not as bad as the Den party for decades supporting white supremacists. Boy you got the minority pop fooled. Stop creating hate!
Your backwards crap is annoying
You are annoying
Please tell me when Democrats supported white supremists?  Idiotic
William  Fulbright, Strom Thurmond, and one-time Klansman Robert Byrd the Clintons supported for starters.
And their were tons of people evading the draft, and you retards leaked his taxes and it showed that he played his taxes like any normal.

Seriously ?  Democrats can't erase HISTORY ?
@PastorDScott"#KuKluxKlan #DemocraticParty was the engine that drove racism in America,It was engine behind theConfederacy"#Charlottesville 
Done our darndest to correct the course, tho, in the 1960s.
 If GOP not racist now, stop going after #TheVotingRightsAct & pardoning racists
Or your record on grandstanding and exploitation of headlines
 We Know Who
#RACISTS ARE #NANCY !!
#IT'S #NOT #TRUMP!!!

#What Have #ANY #DEMOCRATS
#Done For The #People in
#CHICAGO ? IN #CALIFORNIA ?
Nancy's record shows she's a racist who supported Robert Byrd, Margaret Sanger, & Hillary as Byrd's mentee. #MAGA
Your opinion doesn't erase
 Long history of democratic party approval of slavery and racism. Own it you all started it
Nancy it has been the Democratic party whose divided our Country by consistently using a narrative of resistance ! We are not blind or Deaf!
Like this record
The KKK and antifa are offspring of the Democrat party. That is all. #theleftownsantifa
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qy8P5dt57F0 …
My experience is that those that decree racism. Actually are the racists.  Media are you listening.  Yes you promote racism.  Ouch dems may
You mean like #BaitTheHate  which you are doing right now?  Your a Master Legislator alright of stirring up sedition and BS!
Challenging those that enable racist nazi white supremacists is actually doing the exact opposite of "baiting the hate"
Not sure why it is so hard for a self-described Christian like yourself to see that standing against racism is bad
She's not standing against racism, she's attacking the President; convenient opportunity when she has the media in her Gucci bag.
By his failure to condemn the racist nazi white supremacist terrorists, Trump has shown what side he's on & it's not the correct one
N.B., @NancyPelosie, 45 practices a rare, but old, political trick -hire the worst so when you fire them, you look a hero. #TroikaPolitics
I hear that train a coming its coming around the #2018 #2020 Yall Dems. keep doing what you're doing! #FakeNews & Dems. Same talking PTs
Well at least you finally realized Bush wasn't president anymore. Could to tell Maxine that Russia didn't invade Korea either. Thanks
For God sake woman Obama spoke at the funeral of Sen.Byrd A KKK CLAN LEADER, get the F'k out of here w/that shit.
Steve Bannon's exit does not erase @realDonaldTrump’s long record of lifting up racist viewpoints & advancing repulsive policies. #BannonOut
Your recent (late) condemnation of #antifa does not erase your history of supporting violence on the left. #pelosiOut
Nancy refused to condemn Klansman Robert Byrd, Hillary's claim of being Byrd's mentee, or Planned Parenthood's Margaret Sanger. (1/2)
Give it a rest Nancy. It ain't workin in the rust belt
#MAGA

#SATIRE:

I called for Chief Strategist #SteveBannon's ouster.

Now he's gone—but DON'T YOU GO thinking #Trump's not a #Nazi anymore!
Exactly, and if Charlottesville never happened, or if Donald Trump denounced only the alt-right, the screaming would be just as loud now.
Unhappy w/Saturday's remarks, they called on @POTUS to call out groups by name.

Monday, he does—and the result? The same people #riot!
#IStandWithTrump  #DefendTrump
Yrs but Don't take ur eyes off Russia!
When the FBI isn't investigating it, CNN said it was a nothing burger and no evidence found you liberals still turn to that.
Put a cork in it Nancy. We ain't buying the racism bullshit any more than the Russia bullshit.
The only ones that believe in the Russian bs is Bob Mueller and all of Clinton attys he has hired to investigate

LIAR! Not only do you prey on your voters by keeping them enslaved but DemocRATS not Republicans founded the KKK & defended SLAVERY.
Nancy Pelosi is an embarrassment to the Land of Fruits and Nuts!
You are the raciest! You keep stirring the evil pot ! Of racial injustices
He gave Al Sharpton, Jessie Jackson, and the gay rights people FREE building space. What in gods name are you smoking? Hes never been racist
His LONG record of racist viewpoints? Guess you have not heard, he has been honored by almost every civil rights group in his life. Just WOW
In my experience it's usually the racist who is calling others racist. Ring a bell.  Look in the mirror.
Ooops. Did you say something?
Nancy, please put wheels in motion for him to B impeached 4 abuse of office and/or inability to fulfill duties of his office (emoluments 2)
Your a hypocrite!

Do something!!

Before this joke of a "Potus" decides to turn the military against our own country
Yes, Nancy Pelosi’s dad helped dedicate a statue to Robert E. Lee and ‘Stonewall’ Jackson
Nancy get a life
The Democrats are the epitome of racism... we all know that, no matter how many times you try to re-write history.
George Pickett also a Democrat who fought for the Confederate Army. P.G.T Beauregard was a Democrat . Is it worth being  Democrat.Maybe not.
He has no record of a racist viewpoint.  You, however, have quite a record as a hate monger.
Racism was started by your party genius! Get to work and do something good for this country instead of taking shit all the time!
Wasn't it them dems that were racist? Jim Crow Robert kkk Byrd James w Fulbright all dems an albert gore voted against civil rights !
POTUS condemned racism you however support Antifa & Islamic terrorist & BLM, Black Panthers so who is the racist Madame?
are you still breathing????
Like how the democrats started slavery, the Civil War, the KKK, voted against the 13th & 19th Amendments, segregation and Civil rights?
More lies Pelosi. It is you dividing Americans into groups and pitting them against each other. Disgusting
And you @NancyPelosi walking thru Statutory Hall for 30 years and not saying a word makes you a special hypocrite.
Liberal PC only acted to Mask those view points - They existed well before Trump.
MSM Brought them to the Front, starting with FUSION
In short, Liberal Media - not Trump - has been Feeding Alt-Right Movements with Recognition since Pre-election.
