WE WANT THE WALL OR NO DEAL
Yea like a wall that can't cover 30% of the border will really help 
We also need secure borders before congress takes any action for DACA. If we will have same problem in 10 years. Do your job or resign.
Secure you borders from people Who are looking for opportunity?! This World is free not everyone borns with the same chance.
There is 90 million displaced people in world.  Should we invite them all to America?
If we're not prepared to help make their homes liveable then we must expect them to flee here. The world is too small to ignore their needs
Agree, but all can not come to America. My wife and I volunteer at refugee camps in South Sudan & Serbia. You could do the same ?
2 of my grandparents were born in USA to LEGAL immigrants, the other 2 were LEGAL immigrants. My parents & I are NOT from somewhere else!
I just love this guy and I'm proud he's a Nevadan!!
Time to put political games aside. Put
 U.S. AMERICAN CITIZENS 1ST 

Young #American citizens have dreams & THEY are your responsibility
We told the natives the same thing... "Stop, we came for your land, your food and your women... LET US IN!!", but they still aren't happy.
Stop calling #undocumented immigrant #Dreamers "Americans". They aren't U.S. citizens.
Latin American doesn't equal U.S. American.
So the parents were legal immigrants?  anyone ttell me how immigrants fed them self for YEARS before being dacas, if 'cant' work
If they "played by the rules", they wouldn't need #DACA > They & their family members would already be LEGAL citizens.

#NoAmnesty #MAGA
Once cheaters, always cheaters. No place in America for them. NO #DACA.
Immies have enriched the USA & as "lib" as I am,even I know we have some problems to fix.Just let the 1s that are in,stay. stop others 2/2
Technically they didn't break the law,their parents did. So let the 1s that are here stay and close the door,that is all I ask.
So if parents sneak the kids in to Disneyland they should be able to stay?
If this gentleman is not an American citizen then how can he hold an American political office?
I'd tell you but u won't believe me. So I suggest u research it and find your answer.
Tell me I listen. Don't assume I won't believe. I'll research as well
Only potus has to be American born in the government, is the easy answer
Not if you are illegal
He is not illegal. He was a dreamer.  Not saying u r wrong.  It's just u r assuming dreamers r illegals.
Just read more about this so he went through requirements to earn his citizenship. He did it right.
Yep.  Now the dreamers now are peoplethat r brought here as kids. They apply for the DACA that's why they can hold jobs, go to school etc.
Right, & if we all just went to other countries & demanded or took what we wanted?

Life lesson: You don't always get what you WANT.

#MAGA
There are ways to be legal and not a dreamer but a real American.
Send them back
Maybe the dreamers should stop fasting and get on that citizenship application. The law is the law. Why is anyone debating this?
They can't that's the point
They can't what? I don't know what you mean. Can't apply for citizenship? Why not?
There is no way for them to legally apply for citizenship.
So, there is a way, they just don't like it. Congress has the power to change the law. They have had years on this!!
Congress can change the law but has repeatedly chosen not to.  DACA allowed people brought here as children a 2 year delay of deportation
They could legally get jobs and go to school if they qualified.  The idea was to help them until Congress passed a better solution.
Sounds like DACA was political cover for Congress not to take action that might upset people. Now action must be taken. Seems fair.
Our Founding Fathers would have approved of DACA.
DACA is part of what the USA is all aout.
probably here illegally
And maybe you are here illegally since I doubt you are native American. 
well actually I am
Here illegally, or native American? No way you are native American,  since i know dozens  and not one would be against DACA
Exactly the problem. Too many decades of poorly vetted mass inflow.  There is a limit to how many immigrants any 1 country can sustain.
Stop enough already Trump is not trying to keep people out he is trying to make sure the ones we let in R not Terrorist seriously get a clue
@markpinc 
YOU TELL EM BUDDY!
I STAND WITH YOU!
I STAND W THE DREAMERS!
It's not right for your family to sneak in and expect us to reward you.
Thank you Ruben Kihuen
Buen dicho! Well said... That is passion and American.. Rt if you agree...
Protect DACA!
How can you call yourself an American if you are an illegal immigrant?  And why did you not become a citizen. You can't be a representative
Considering ‘America’ references two continents, pretty sure they can.
Grab an Almanac, sometime.
Wow just think how great these smart hard working, "children" would do in their home countries. Might even fix problems. Why hold them back
Do you know how bad Mexico is? To send someone there who has no knowledge, no home, and no form of work is suicide. And they are children.
I prefer the USA keeps talented, smart young people. That's good for all of us.
If he isn't a citizen, how is he serving in Congress? If he is a citizen, then he isn't a dreamer. As usual, Dems are lying 2 fit politics.
If DACA was the right thing to do. U should have done it LEGALLY by Congress years ago. Do your job.
It's not right for you to come here ILLEGALLY and then think you are OWED anything!~ YOu are not!!!
Wow, you are obtuse. CHILDREN brought here by parents committed no crime. Ruben has obtained citizenship. He worked for it & IS legally here
First dreamer to serve in congress? They've REALLY lowered that bar. Illegal aliens are not citizens. Only citizens can be elected.
Ruben IS a legal citizen. He obtained citizenship as an adult after being brought to America when he was 8. #knowthefacts
He is 37, which means that even if he applied for citizenship in 2012, he was still ineligible. Age cap was set at 31, he was 32.
He and his parents benefited from President Reagans Immgration Reform and Control Act. Immigration reform isnt partisan and isnt new.
Ruben father benefitted from IRCA, as he was a SAW that came to the US in 86. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_Reform_and_Control_Act_of_1986 …
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_Reform_and_Control_Act_of_1986 …
1/2

Yup then the Republicans took over the kkk agenda once the Dems learned how bad it was.  Keep teeing though
Keep being fooled. Always has been .@TheDemocrats from the beginning.
KKK are all proud far right Republicans that voted for Trump. They have been part of Rep party for about 45 years after the Dems denounced
KKK far right? You're delusional. They have always been a FAR-LEFT ORG. You're claiming big switch in 60's? Proof is out there against.
How can someone who is not a legal U.S. Citizen serve in congress?
only the president has to be US born I believe
But if your a dreamer your not technically a citizen Can anyone move to the US Illegally and run for congress
But you have to go by the laws and rules.
I just love this guy and I'm proud he's a Nevadan!!
So on point!
If you're against dreamers you are unAmerican
Proud of you,Ruben!
Take him home be proud of him in your country.
This guy needs to be deported. Maybe he's still illegal. Has anyone checked his papers?
Dunno. Is Trump going to spend 5 million to find out Like with Obama? 
"Played buy the rules"?...not so much.
Can't legally blame kids for parents sins.  Otherwise trump would be in jail for his father's
First Undocumented Congress member? Is he a citizen? Does he have an SSN? 500 billion economic loss? Where do these # come from. Mystrings
Yes!
Makes sense if they would let corrupt Hillary Clinton run for office breaking the law is not criteria for not being elected official
So where was that dreamer when dems were the majority in congess,along with a dem potis? Why did you sqat?

*If US citizens
DACA was an EO. Went against the laws we got in this country. Id IS citizen parents who break the law & their children suffer so do dreamers
What worked 30 years ago doesn't work today. Fix America today, then reassess allowing immigration. Learn from Australia.
You broke the law. Obama said many times temp fix that he did not have authority to do. Come in the legal way
Inspiring and beautiful
Amen!
wow eh.. chills
so impress speech, i love this man.
Isn't he the best?
yes he is best, and his speech is so impressive. This is how America to stand for.
Except the Miami Indians of course, they were illegals before there was an America!
I am descended from Miami Indians as well as Irish immigrants. Also Scottish. Guess what they had in common. Legal immigration.
Why would they apply for citizenship, the get to stay for free!
Stop acting like ending daca is taking something away from them! They are not citizens and have never been. Have any of them applied for it?
We educated them K-12, and now we are supposed to pay for them to go to college! What about dreamers who were born here?
If you come here illegally, you are not playing by the rules! He said it himself, from his own mouth!
1/ @CarrieSheffield had the unmitigated gall to compare the parents of #DACA recipients while on #AMJoy to Jesse James.
2/ As if they were murdering, thieving bank robbers and not parents trying to find a better life for their children.
3/ Carrie is utterly a disgusting individual. How is that any different than DJT calling undoc Mex rapists & criminals?
Nevada native.
Then shouldn't have come here in the first place... illegally, I might add. #DACA
And now you're a sell out who loves that corporate cash!!!
Well spoken and written speech that hits right in the heart of what #Daca Stands for the American dream.
First,the H1B visa,then Green card,citizenship.A decade in making for those who follow the law.Dreamers are innocent but not their parents.
It is all about the law.
We shouldn't close the door just regulate who and how many go through it.
I like this guy.
They got in the country, too late now. Close the gates. We have problems here,once those are dealt with,open it back up, simple enough.1/2
It's not right for you to still be a deferred illegal using our welfare instead of paying your own way!
Amen SIR!!!
If only that's what they were doing, but they're not. They're not building for their own futures.
I would rather say we are a people of laws. Obama knew this would happen one day. Trump is correcting the WRONG. Dreamers dont like laws?
Congress will never put the interests of Americans first. It's oligarchs before country at the @RNC & @DNC
Just enter legally.  What is do hard to understand. HONEST folks standing in line for 15 years or more while ur parents illegally entered.
Yea no problem with this guy he did the paperwork stayed out of trouble people  realize this is not about them all leaving criminal #daca go
That funny the Data was since 2012 you are not that young but it happened anyway because following the rules.
Could be falling on deaf ears but I so very much hope not #SAVETHEDREAMERS
May Northern Nevada trade Amodei for Kihuen? Asking for a friend.
Well said.  Is Trump going to look at deporting his wives too ?
That's 1 of 2 options for DREAMERS to adjust their status to be able to apply for citizenship is to marry a U.S citizen. Melania did it.
at a CNN town hall, Clinton advocated against DACA by saying children in the country illegally should be returned to their home country.
I love @RepKihuen he's out there with his constituents making a difference.
These people come here illegally. Of course we can close the door.
Daca is a deferred program which has a 2 yr time limit which was a illegal action taken by treasonous Obama.
THIS IS TRUMP THE RUMP!
https://arionstylist.wordpress.com/2017/09/05/yourself/ …
An illigel cannot serve in Congress
@RepKihuen ...he's One of my state Reps...

*SWOON*
 Liberal-ese is so fucking sexy.
Hmmm, my bet is that this guy is a Democrat. Just a guess. Anyone?
Powerful. Truth. Bravo. #weareallimmigrants #weareallhuman
Definitely not a Republican as they specialize in climbing the ladder and then kicking it over so no one else can follow.

No, it's not right. You should leave, too.
Oh BOOM kid. Boom.
REP. RUBEN KIHUEN HAVE YOU BECOME AN AMERICAN CITIZEN?  HOW WOULD YOU KNOW WHAT IS BEST FOR AMERICANS WHEN YOU HAVE NOT TAKEN CITIZEN OATH?
How obtuse are you? He says in the speech that he obtained his citizenship. Hell, theyve even got subtitles of his speech. #knowthefacts
A true American with a voice. Who will listen?  Has anyone thought about dangerous are in. To go live in a country they don know. #canwelove
How did you get elected???
Everyone should check this out - ithese words should be coming from the president!
I think it's hilarious that all these people in government,  in tech companies care more about illegal aliens then own citizens
Still not one tweet about heroin, opiate addiction you know but Daca is more important, forget the fact that almost 60,000 people that died
The door isn't closed. The us allows 1 mil people in annually. Quit breaking the law and pretending the system is unfair.
I wish I could retweet this 1 million times!!!!!
Do your job!
Thanks for this opportunity?   
California high school to be tested for tuberculosis
http://www.cnn.com/2013/12/19/health/california-school-tuberculosis/index.html …
Does #Congress have the courage to do the right thing & not the mere political thing?
what is the "right thing" @Mz_Jonesy_20 I can't keep track of the jargon and players in this shell game.
Thank you!

From the mouth of 44, here you go libs, #DACA must end! .@POTUS, it was meant to be TEMPORARY, not a path to citizenship or amnesty #EndDACA 
Sadly, Ruben's parents didn't legally apply for citizenship. Applications are available at any USCIS field office or http://www.us-immigration.com/us-citizenship-and-naturalization-application.html …
Obey the law
Very powerful speech!!! America must do the right thing the world is watching!
What just go home bud
But they didn't play by the rules
Powerful, honest and truthful.
THANK YOU RUBEN!!!
We are not closing any door to legal immigration.  We are only enforcing our immigration law and protecting our country.
Do you have papers?

Did you apply for citizenship?

If not go back to where you were born.
Good bye
Then leave and come in LEGALLY.
Nancy get to work & negotiate real legislation to make Dreamers safe. & build the wall so we don't have this problem again!
Key phrase: Played by the rules.
While Congress and Senate ignore veterans seniors and are poor
HOW THE FUCK DOES AN ILLEGAL ALIEN BECOME A CONGRESSMEN?  THANK GOD HE CANT RUN FOR PRESIDENT.
Played by rules?Their parents didn't pay income http://tax.How  many drove w/o license and ins.No way did they play by rules.

So you are ILLEGAL?
Trump does not want the Dreamers to become legal USA citizens.
Trump wants to deport all immigrants and their family members.
Rep Ruben Kihuen Slammed Colleagues [CIRCUMSTANCES CHANGE OVER TIME, MANY MURDERERS ARE PARTICIPANTS AS #DREAMERS IN #DACA] YES, STOP #DACA.
Powerfully honest. 
Honor you as an individual. You worked hard. Now rest of Americans need to work with you keep Dreamers where they belong.

Make it legal, make it a law properly through congress, or Shut up
Deport him now! The rest can stay.
Dreamers can sue Obama for damages & atty fees for exceeding his executive authority and scope of employment in  an illegal executive order.
Thank you!!
If they played by the rules they would have come to America legally.
Can't legally blame kids for parents actions.  Remember trumps dad had Nazi agenda in 1930s. Should we blame Donald for that?
Give up Lady #DumbDems
Your party had the votes to pass immigration reform and did nothing to help millions. No all you Democrat's cry foul.
HYPOCRISY
Your Democrat colleagues are hypocrites starting with Hillary & Chuck denouncing to deport children. Look at their interviews
So....800,000 job openings coming soon?
played by the rules? wtf? THEY DID NOT PLAY BY THE RULES, HENCE BEING ILLEGALS!
It wasn't the children, it was the parents.
The children are ILLEGAL!!!!! They should go back with the whole family! This is bullsh^t and this is what divides us!
If you pulled that in Mexico you'd go to jail
Time for congress to legitimize what President Obama started what they stopped him from doing because of racism & hate! It is time!
And what race are they racists to? Think before you answer this.

As a member of Congress he sure doesn't have a clue that DACA lacked legal backing in immigration law. If he wants a similar program it
then he should be for working to pass comprehensive reform with the same protections as DACA included but this time with it passed into law.
Not questionably created by an Executive Order by a person whose job does not include legislating....
You want DACA, we want a wall. Wanna deal?
Played by the rules..Mean immigration laws as well..Play by the rules..DACA is Unconstitutional
Dems are lying again to get sympathy, won't work!
DACA = Democrats Against the Constitution of America #MAGA #AmericaFirst #DACA
Are you #lying that he's a #dreamer Nancy
Ship his ass out
You are a patriot fan.  Ship your ass out 
You need to A) read the law, B) read history and if you are a Christian C) seek guidance from clergy
What happened to your parents?
Actually the reality is it wasn't right to come in through the back door. You should come in through the front. Talk to your parents.
Go to another country and see what they give you. Why do you expect us to pamper you
 Your country would lock me up if I went there
Drain the swamp.
Yes I want Hispanic privilege u give it to me now. Let me burn ur flag too. No one paid for my education. Parents brought me here too.
Let's let them stay and add the wall to the bill. NO WALL! No amnesty!!  Screw you pelosi.
A wall that cover 30% of border because of mountains and such will work great 
If you came into America illegally, you should not be here. You broke our laws. Leave now please.
Its not fair u come here illegal than expect the red carpet treatment maybe ur parents shouldn't have brought u here. There's a thought
So you cut in line to steal other people's opportunities? #enddaca
The southern states are going to be demolished. Lives lost... you think we care about illegals/felons? 
Chaos & misery of the disadvantaged approved by Trump for distraction from his legal trouble & Heritage Foundation on behalf of the Kochs.
Hmm how did he become a citizen? Hmm why hasn't the others done so! Umm maybe they don't qualify? Or they don't want to!
we're glad you could benefit from @BarackObama cynical political overreach but it can't stand
There are people who have been waiting in line for years to come in legally. Dreamers need to wait in line like everyone else.
.@RubenKihuen ironically he states it's important that dreamers play by the rules. if they did. they wouldn't be dreamers
Yeah u follow the law I don't have too.I'm a dreamer who has been getting away with it for years. Why stop now. Free education
Maybe because you are impersonating a Dreamer. ? lol
How is he in congress if he isn't a citizen?! He may be an immigrant American citizen but he isn't a DACA "dreamer", right? This misleads me
Only potus has to be a citizen.  Research helps 
Legal immigration is not threatened. Open borders,which you advocate, is dangerous for U. S. citizens. We are unlike Europe. Be responsible
yepper
Pretty sure the dream needs to stay alive for all of us.
Make them all Legal, so they can vote how they want.  Most of them cling to the Dems but don't share their values
Protect the legal dreamers who are not working ..
Should have been taken care of 8 years ago when dems held all branches of govt. Stop whinning and fix it!
The irony...
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtu50I9IMys&sns=tw … via @youtube
What's not right is for the politicians and bureaucrats to come up with these immigration programs to buy votes that's what's going on
Enough with your lawless rhetoric .
DACA: Deferred Action... well, it's been deferred for a long time. Time for Congress to do their job.
I hope he don't get deported too 
Utterly against the Constitution and a mockery of our nation
How many of the people who wrote the Constitution were immigrants?
Illegal or legal? You progressives see no difference for some reason.
