What are we the people going to do about it @SenCortezMasto?
Americans want border control, this is Good News for USA Patriots!  Find another issue to cry about, this one is a done deal
not if they are here illegally. Morality and law go hand in hand. Be bipartisan and represent all of us.
No day laborers waiting on Galletti (Sparks).
You sure don't speak for all Nevada.
Just the majority.
what majority
Majority of Nevadans. That's how she won.
She won because Joe Heck was stupid and backed away from Trump. No courage. He deserved to loose. She is a poor alternative.
Was it a majority?
one more than 50%
She's a natural born citizen, genius.
I think AGs know a tad more about law than you do,  el caudillo.
@TomSteyer @USATODAY we are better than this thank you for your voice in the wilderness
.@SenCortezMasto Obama deported more than 3 million.

Please learn your facts and stop misrepresenting reality.
the majority of us are,  but the electoral college means racists can rule if they live in the right states.
NOPE. Trump was legally elected and we want our laws enforced. It's you who twist it into racism.
@realDonaldTrump is illegitimate & Russian Puppet TRAITOR to country! He's evil
Mass deportation is not the answer.Comprehensive immigration reform is the only human solution to this problem!
@darionavarro111 @USATODAY These people are already here with lives & families. It's economic ethnic cleansing and shameful.
if I rob a bank and then spend all of the money before being caught, should I still be arrested?
If you have a speeding ticket or in the wrong place at the wrong time, should you be deported?
no. I'm an American citizen. If I would do such crimes in a different country, I'd expect it.
Not for a speeding ticket, besides these are still people and have been in America for years.
Immigrants are great. Illegals should leave. Go through the proper channels like the legal ones did. It's only fair
That is fair, but for the 11 million that are already in US with families there has to be a better option.
again I ask. Why should we reward those who broke the law. It sucks for their families and kids. I get that.
Is this why his mail order bride is upset? She's being deported? Oh o forgot illegal immigrants are only Mexican.
I bet if homeless ppl broke into your home you would have them "deported"
No. We are NOT doing this anymore. I have never gone to another country w/o permission. Undocumented = Not Lawful. Cmon man.
tell it to her family he is deporting criminals
so you support breaking the law of a nation you are supposedly representing for the common good of society?
- RESIST and FILIBUSTER everything. SHUT THEM DOWN! GORSUCH must not be seated! 45 is campaigning - MITCH?? U said
it's also un-American to make a 10 yr old wait 10yrs before legal immigration, he missed all k-12 school years
- As a U.S. Senator, didn't you swear to uphold the laws of this Country? Absolutely amazing.
Vote NO on Perry. A Reject from Dancing with the Stars can not oversee our nuclear arsenal. #clown
- Are you kidding me??? Enforcing U.S. immigration laws is not un-American. It's morally right and NECESSARY.
YOU are why TRUMP WON! Enforcing laws already on the book is exactly why TRUMP won-tired of legislators doing NOTHING!
mass deportations of illegal criminals? How about the crimes they commit? That is morally reprehensible!
We have done worse but now we have the info and history to learn from to stop atrocities from ever happening again.Will we?
time to unwind homeland security
Stand firm--we are behind you--the trolls are trolls!
Americans need to see everyday on the news--we need to humanize the inhumanity of Trump and his fear/hate mongers!
@mootdiggs @USATODAY YES AND ITS NOT HAPPENING.DEMS ARE NOT ONLY LIARS THEY ARE INSIGNIFICANT AND IRRELEVANT. DEM PARTY DEAD
Agreed!  Thank you, Senator.
apparently what is he putting out there his supporters will follow and agree with whatever. Why should they care?
so what u suggest? Anyone can come and go with no rules? How about the folks that followed the laws we have ?
Your actions should speak for you. These people broke the law, as stated, they are criminals.
unAmerican seems like latest Dem talking point
Was it un-American when Bill Clinton promised mass deportations in his 1995 SOTU address to roaring Dem applause?
Except  for the fact it is in the Constitution.
Isn't breaking the law and encouraging others to do so Un-American?
why doesn't Mexico sort its shit out so people wouldnt have to migrate to America illegally?
Letting them all come in ILLEGALLY in the first place, is reprehensible and unlawful!!
Have to fix a HUGE problem!
Allowing criminal illegals to commit crimes against US citizens is morally reprehensible.
Why didn't you rant about Obama's 1 million+ deportations?
Is your bias such that you've already forgotten the 1M+deportations Obama did last year and the previous years?
I guess you are like all the rest of the Democrats. Your Oath of Office means nothing. The law is for everyone else.
so neither is following the law.
Your bias anyway.
how is upholding the law reprehensible?  it is reprehensible for you to spend my tax dollars on people here illegally
No we are not, thanks to the morons who voted for this evil.
@GOP Words are wind.

Stop TALKING about what is happening, and ACT.

Want your jobs in a few years? Act like it.
WRONG. It's the BASIS for America. The most American thing you can do: define and protect borders and enforce laws
tired lame liberal talking point. NO ONE GIVES A F#^K
@BeltwayPanda @USATODAY That's a dumb comment. This is a witch hunt. He's spot on. This is NOT who we are.
It's who we are now and who we should have been all along if not for bad reps of US
...well, about 3 million more than 1/2 half of us, at least.
we used to be
#NotMyPresident___NotMyFederalCongress___
#The_Policies_Of_Trump_and_His_Cabal_Make_Me_ASHAMED_TO_B_AMERICAN
@AmericasVoice @USATODAY so racism will be on the rise then? You will b targeting EVERY Hispanic because of their color!
Morally reprehensible, absolutely.  But is it really un-American?  Are we better than this?
Not at all morally reprehensible. Open your eyes and get out of denial. It's THE right thing 2 do.
because you say so. Are someone else has told you it was the right thing? Some of
Un-american? A little Joe McCartney there?
