Sending Prayers  to his Family & Blue Family #LVMPD

Fake heros. #falseflag
Lord rest his soul and bring his family comfort in their time of sorrow in the Lord name we pray Amen
The sooner that black and white citizens stop fighing over race and realize that cops lie to and about  everyone black or white, the better
Condolences
Thanks 4 this bit of ceremony. a testament to the love for Officer Hartfield & his family. Were so grateful 4 his LVPD & Military Service 
So sorry for the loss in your BLUE FAMILY! Condolences to the Family of Officer Hartfield.
I’m so sorry.
To the men and women of the  LVMPD thanks for what you do hearts and prayers to you and family

I apologize Miss.Cortez "tweet error!This is fraudlent non profit becca@gofundme.com
Can u help take it down
I just found out Charleston wrote a book. I'm ordering one for sure.
Bought it and shared with all friends to honor him.  His service was obviously important.
RIP Charleston, We will never forget your sacrifice.A true American hero.
We are with you Las Vegas... Sorry for the loss of one of your brothers..
RIP Brother
It was a beautiful service #VegasStrong

Thank you mr charleston for giving your own life to save a honor. Its people like you that make the world go around
Me pray friends.
and an honour indeed for the one who is able to do so. However, due to the immense crowd, majority of the people cannot reach
Prayers to the family’s
R.i.p., He is with  angel's in heaven now.I thank him for serving the community of LVPD.
God bless every one of you warriors! Keep your safe!
Love and thanks to all first responders
FUCK METRO 
i made it a movement
What a team! Always there for the rest of the team. God Bless.
"In valor there is hope" - Tacitus. We #SupportOurPolice & #NeverForget the sacrifices they make in the line of duty @Sheriff_LVMPD
God bless you all and keep you all safe
SORRY for Your Loss thoughts and Prayers are with You and your Family
To the ones who truly care about Las Vegas Their is a person from 
becca@gofundme.com
I think it's fraud
Rest In Peace Ofc Hartfield. @LVMPD @Sheriff_LVMPD remember these days, these that define you after the noise quiets and you take stock. 
Prayers for all the victims and first responders.  God bless.  #vegasstrong #prayforlasvegas
Prayers to his family RIP #CoachChucky


May God be with the fallen. And continue to bless you and guide you. You are true blessing from God. Thanks for your dedication to protect.
Thank you for protecting us. Condolences to your family & friends~
Rest In Peace
@Sheriff_LVMPD 
My Condolences to the Hartfield & #LVMPD family.
#HonorThemAll 
My heart is with you all.
Honoring all of you at home here in Dallas, TX.
#VegasStrong 
Thank you dir your good work and your Crisis Management! You are Heroes!
#Salute  #SemperFi RT: Candlelight vigil tonight for fallen #LVMPD officer, Charleston Hartfield. #LODD
Hero
Thank you for all you do! It is truly remarkable that more were not killed with the firepower & Vantage point this man had!! God Bless you!
Wow!  That’s awesome!  
We need real investigations .... Millions of Americans can see through the Kabuki Theater https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MAysq0SDHv8 …
Honoring all of you here at home in Massachusetts
In my thoughts n prayers to all .. My heart breaks 
God rest his soul. Please pray for his family and community healing. Thank you for all you do LVMPD. We all owe you for sacrificing so much
Thank you first responders @LVMPD @HendersonNVPD @ClarkCountyNV #HENDERSONFIRE
God bless.
Hero.
God bless. God bless the officers of LVMPD. Thank you.
Officer Charleston Hartfield - unspoken heroism in The face of duty. LVMDP has lost an Officer. Each one grieves.
Sending prayers from Florida
Thank you Officer Charleston Hartfield for your "ultimate sacrifice"! Condolences to your family & friends. R.I.P. God speed 
Prayers of peace for his family and for the dept. God bless you in all that you do. 
thank you for everything you do 
Praying for you all.
So sorry for your loss.
 HERO
God bless your family, sir. You are a true American patriot. 
We have the greatest Police, and a great Sheriff. You've made this City proud!
Prayers for his family and fellow officers 
So sorry for your loss
