I thought they tested all blood and if it had aids virus they would tell the done they gad aids and could not use it.
Donor
Had
Sorry, my kind are not allowed to. #LGBT
If it were your loved ones somewhere in that shooting you wouldn't b saying that

U need to learn to
Love
LGBT men are literally not allowed to donate blood... that's what he's saying.
TIL that women can mansplain too! The "fine print" says that I can only give blood if I haven't had sex for 12 months. Thanks for playing.
Good for you! (Seriously... thanks for your work!) Is your bff celibate? I've been told "no" to donating and the ARC prohibits sex active?
All my heart, I wish patience for the families of the dead.
Good and healthy people who donate their blood here, thank you.
It's time you, Governor, start talking about types of guns sold in our state. Obviously not all Nevadans are hunting wildlife.
Well, unless you're a Gay man. We're not allowed.
Need to make appointment
Boycott Las Vegas until they adopt stricter gun laws!  Make change happen! #GovSandoval
Murderers & terrorists have also used cars for massacres. Perhaps we should ban cars.
Like the one the white male Nazi  used to run over to people, resulting in one death and 20 other injuries. Yeah I remember that car.
And put a moratorium on gun shows in NV until you figure out how to enforce the background laws we passed.
We have to register cars w/ state. Why is registration of firearms so hard? It's not! This is the great @NRA #hypocrisy. #DoYourJob
Thank you, and thank you so much for coming to Sunrise Hospital. You brightened folk’s day!!
Please find a pro-gun-control politician near you and vote! Your vote is critical in this repetitive time of tragedy. #GunControlNow
Selling weapons like candies and support from corrupted politicians is the only reazon for this tragedy.


Blood banks don't want any more blood.
The need for blood donations didn't begin and won't end with this tragedy. Thanks to all who responded to this emergency.

Please someone #SaveTheKids
Dammit. Meds. Don't coagulate well == no donor. What else can I do??
Oh. I see you're on quite a few donor lists, including "undisclosed" donations from the @NRA Dark money loves you
3)If you know you are clear for donations do it wherever you live! A crisis like this can deplete the amount of blood on hand.
2) This was during the Mad Cow breakout in UK. Millions of Americans are not eligible to donate because there are no tests for the disease
1) Many ppl do not know how many are not eligible for donating.I was USAF in 80’s stationed in GE.
While we all donate blood, you can send back your blood money. this is on you #SendBackTheBloodMoney
I wish I could brcsuse I'm O- but I'm not allowed to right now 
Our hearts are with all the victims. We are praying for everyone and the great people of Las Vegas.
Unless you’re gay
I think we as Barrick employees need to get a blood blood bank round it up for all our employees in Nevada that way we can send it to him
Should get blood bank out to all the Barrick sites in Nevada that way all his employees can donate
Hindsight is 20/20, but holding open-air music venues for thousands beneath high-rise buildings in our vicious political climate is STUPID!
Thank you. Let's don't spread the possibility of AIDS virus' and make this situation worse than it already is.
Our prayers are with y'all
Can you please talk to Trump and make him more logical?  Unless you are praying for the rapture
This isn’t about politics people!  It’s about saving lives
How much have you both taken from the NRA??
Meanwhile republicans are making easier to buy silencers making shooters great again..
can we donate in New Jersey to help the victims ??
Does making an appt put you at front of line?
I had to make an appointment for next Tuesday!!
Anything else we can do? Incase we can’t donate blood?
@VP stop the blood from being spilled. #GunControlNow
Nevada voted last year for background checks. When will that be enacted Mr. Governor?
United Blood Services Carson city just opened. #donateblood 

Fill out your fast track questionnaire to save time!

http://Unitedbloodservices.com 
Your signature on a background check bill was critical too, but instead you vetoed it.
Do something about it, Mr. Sandoval!  Get rid of weapons in Las Vegas!  Pass some laws!

Why do we wait until tragedy to unite our brothers&sisters to good work? Resist the evil among you & inspire love & good will to the people
Wish I could, but due to a military assignment, the ARC refuses my donation.
Sorry but Yr job is not sending med/paramed notices, yr job is to find out who was behind #stephenpaddock who killed humanity in #LasVegas.
What exactly are you doing? You, the GOP and NRA provide the guns. People that truly care, provide the blood. Complicit, it's all on you!
Colleagues are saying new arrivals are getting told to make an appointment or come back next day. Lines are reaching 6-8 hrs long.
This Vegas native did just that. Great work by LVMPD and CCFD.
Saying a prayer for all the victims & their loved ones, also for the residents & visitors of Las Vegas! This was a horrific act of terror!!
@GrassrootsJill Please quit contributing to the deaths of your own citizens and the nation's. You must be proud of your gun law
Unless you're gay...
This heinous and cowardly act originated from a deranged and mentally disgusting devil of a human being.
Please learn and use DISCERNMENT as recommended by Dr. J. J. Hurtak Phd.,Phd.
That and please read Deutronomy chapter 32.
Thank you.
I would LOVE TO but old homophobic laws prevent gays (a large part of the population) from doing so! Sad that healthy GOOD human beings are not allowed to help because of homophobia.
Introduce bill creating a law preventing elected officials from voting on any action that effects organizations that lobbied them with cash
Thank you, sir.  For suggesting ways to help with no political message attached.
Your colleagues could take a lesson here
Dear sir  visit  indian Blood Bank Me & friends  Donated Boolds
When can we expect a special session to pass sane gun bans on ALL variants of assault weapons?
Are out of state donations helpful?
Is it helpful donating blood in east coast? I live in Virginia
As long as we allow people to own any variation of these weapons there will be a need for long donation lines to replace blood spilt.
Maybe you should actually encourage Laxalt to enforce the background check law that the majority of Nevadans voted for. Yeah try that.
There 7000 workers at Tessa in Reno wanting to donate. They're asking for a truck. Can you help?
Unfortunately as a gay man, my husband and I are not allowed to donate blood.
Never coming to your gun loving State. #GunControlNow
@FOX5Vegas online registration only gives dates for upcoming  days, do we know what time NW area gonna be open
I wish I could. Unfortunately, gay men like me are prevented.
God bless you...

We would but #lgbt aren't legally allowed to donate blood bc of discrimination. It's outrageous we can't give blood.
God bless you...
God has nothing to do with any of this.
I know dear one. I just wanted to bless you.
I don't need nor want your blessings. I don't want to believe in a God who allows such evil. He is all powerful or allows evil. Both awful
Well done with your words at press conference.  This is beyond a head scratcher..Thanks for all you do.  Be safe
Do Something about it!
Why do you believe mentally ill people should be allowed to carry guns?
