We are germans visiting L.V. now and wanna help. Do we have to do a special pre check or so for donate blood?
You can & thank you. If you have questions, directions etc. Hit me up. #LiveFromVegas
Ok. So where do i have to go exactly and what do i need to bring with me
Your ID. But all locations are at capacity. Are you on the strip? Ill try to find an updated status for mobile units.
Ja im at the strip
So i'm trying to confirm that Red Cross is setting up at the Las Vegas Convention Center. as soon as i verify I'll let you know. Thx
Tourists from England who would like to donate, would we be allowed? Staying at the Wynn, where would we go? Thank you
You are very close. Red Cross Mobile Unit Springhill Suites 2989 Paradise Rd. Across from Convention center. Bring ID/Passport. Thank you! 
If anyone can provide any info on hours of operation for the clinic, please share. Thanks
I know the Red Cross mobile across from LVCC at SpringHill suites is open until 4pm ish.
Thanks! I heard on the radio some blood donation centers are overwhelmed & under staffed so they've been turning ppl away today.
They're asking for people who want to donate to make an appointment at this time. http://bloodhero.com 
I heard that earlier but RC says they have more help at mobile location on Paradise. & UBS on Craig & Whitney Ranch.
After the shooting in Orlando last year, I sent snacks to a blood donation center. With the address + Amazon that might be a way to help
Red cross mobile unit.
You are very close. Red Cross Mobile Unit Springhill Suites 2989 Paradise Rd. Across from Convention center. Bring ID/Passport. Thank you! 
Red Cross donations will not be used in Vegas. It takes 3+ weeks to process due to all their testing. I called them yesterday.
Anywhere in Henderson near St. Rose Hospital to give blood?

i wish i could, but i’m gay :(
@RedNationRising 
Is this the shooter? #VegasStrong
Footage of Stephen Paddock at Anti-Trump Reno Protest Aug 2017.
MSM fake news hate filled Liberals are greatest threat to America. #NRA #2A 

I donated in Milwaukee, and was told there's a 10%chance it gets to LV. #ONELOVE
I can't, because of my years in England during the BSE "mad cow" thing. Has anyone heard of the possibility of that changing in the future?
It probably won't change... incubation for prions is 5 - 20 years, and they've found 1 in 2,000 people in the UK may carry vCJD proteins :(
It's been more than 20 years. Shouldn't anyone alive and unaffected be safe soon? New cases of vCJD dropped precipitously in last few years.
They should be, but you know those health officials. It takes awhile to reverse decisions r/g donation. Esp. b/c CJD isnt acquired via blood
So, there's a hope. I'll keep poking. Some day.
Get it from deep state...they have alot of blood right on their own hands.
Too much money spent for nothing?
i dont see blood on the floor,  fake news you liars
Nahhh..@LVMPD.  Ran into you once.  You aren't a professional police force.  Ur a bunch of security guards on steroids. Not real cops
http://www.redcrossblood.org/donating-blood/lgbtq-donors …

It's time for such restrictions to be lifted.  Gay men aren't the problem.  Guns are. #Enough #LasVegasShooting
Guns are not the problem. Liberals and uneducated people are the problem. Just like you use your fingers to type he used his to pull triggr
Nice face.
Charming. #VegasStrong
Mueller- if Trump starts war and millions die before you present your case it will be devastating. Trump is unraveling and has the football
i need proof      our gov is full of con artist,,, they are the scum,,,   fake news
@TricksterX1
They're swamped already. Appointment is the best way. Even if i join the line, it's only to make an appointment. Straight from them!
Did anyone see the old man fire a single shot... NOPE...~ ! Real killers still on the lose...:( @SheriffLombardo
We are still looking for an actual shooting victim?
So Mr. Mueller when is something going to happen to get rid of vile president? If that's not going to happen forget it. What's the point?

You sound like a President sounds.  God help us all with Trump...
I have a great deal of respect for all the Officers of the LVMPD they are the very best, my prayers go out to them.
We'd like to know the truth. Pictures of the hotel room and the guns. His house with all the guns.
I live in Michigan, is there any current way to do so?
If I donate out of state at @okblood can it be donated for victims there? I'm O- so I could def help. Idk if blood can go out of state.
I have o- too. It is very important for them to have right now. I wish I knew how to get it to there. Do you think the Red Cross can help?
Tried calling Red Cross, offices ar closed. I want to donate my O- blood as well but I’m in Michigan 
I called, they gave me the number for Red Cross. 866-535-5654 let’s save some lives today ladies
I'll try calling my local blood institute when they open. I know I should donate anyways but stopped because they blew out my vein. 
This situation is crazy I have ppl calling me  to see if I am OK all night! My phone stay ringing.... Tragedy #IwalkwithJesus
Glad you’re ok!
Thank you I appreciate the sentiment!
I would, but I don't live in Cali, and I'm under 16.
Is there a blood donor place in San francisco that is donating to the LV shooting?
Friends in LA want to donate. Should they drive to Vegas? Do you work w/ hospitals near LA? Loma Linda Hosp?
Go to http://www.unitedbloodservices.org  to find your nearest blood bank to donate, click on donate now and plug in your zip code #LasVegasStrong
There was no blood in the Las Vegas shooting! their were no casualties! All fake!
Now they want blood!? 4 WHAT!?4 WHO!? 4The next false flag to use da blood everybody donates as the victims blood on da scene!
This will do a hell of a lot more than your prayers
Exclusive footage of the attack Ben STROKES
Please donate and/or share! Let's help out the victims and victims families of the tragedy of Las Vegas! http://gofundme.com/4is6mhs  #LasVegas
Amen   be blessed
Is there anywhere in California to donate blood for them in Vegas
Is there still a need for blood donations?  I know the turnout in Vegas was really big.

How about speaking up for gun control??
I said it in an earlier post and I"'ll say it again, the turn out for blood  donation has been overwhelming because we are have
.
Can my blood be sent from a different state ?
UMMMMM, WHAT ABOUT SAN DIEGO DONATIONS- FOR LAS VEGAS???
Thank you to LVMPD and first responders for working so diligently and so fast
There are no "injured" in your #Freemasonic #Hoax #LasVegasShooting
@PollsnOpinions
Nah ill keep my blood
You can also donate blood in your own city. It it is needed in LV, it will get there...
Live in Cincinnati, OH but have very rare bl type not found in Vegas 4wounded w/same bl type: RH AB Neg; please contact if blood type needed
Thank you 
So these blood sucking elitists can sacrificially drink it?
If you don’t do needles then it’s time to get used to it! A donation could save someone’s life!

This is funny! Labor Health and Welfare Clinic in a union owned and operated center. So funny that you would promote this.
Reports saying the shooter was a heavy gambler. Could motive be he lost all his money and went crazy? Worth checking into.
Amen
I live in LA,I'm  Apositive blood type,I want help
I’d love to but I’m in Arizona
Already shared, thank you and I’m sorry 
@mrssanders97
* weeping *feeling helpless
Would love to give blood but I'm not old enough. Everyone affected in Vagus has my prayer.
Where can we donate money?
Does not matter where you live, Give Blood! Red Cross or local Blood Bank. The blood can be transported anywhere it is needed.
I would like to, but I'm gay. Even tho I'm clean and disease free, blood is no good. Sorry
They're not taking donations of blood at that location
I live in Salt Lake and I’d like to drive down to donate. I want to make sure that’s all right and to ask if I’ll need anything beyond ID
Thank you for your service Thoughts & prayers to the #LasVegasShootng victims
I wish I could.
What if we don't live in Las Vegas how can we help?


Can you do blood donations if pregnant??
As an Iraq war infantry vet, i can tell you that the rate of fire from the shooter sounded like an M249 SAW. an LMG was clearly used
Thank you Jane!! I still can't believe this has happened to Vegas. Thank you for your voice 
They r open 24/7...will do appts...it is an option because the wait is very long right now
Retweet the hell out of this folks give blood today,kick GOP ass tommaro!!!
is there any way we can donate out of state? I live in Oklahoma and want to help 
Ask Klump and Congress 1st!
@Eveylovee
@rudymancuso BRAZIL LOVES RUDY
@rudymancuso COME TO BRAZIL
Unfortunately they are not actually taking blood donations at this location, however they will give you a paper here with the correct info.
Am so sorry to hear this...Prayers today...for All Affected 
What can people from other countries do to help? Is there a funding page? Posting from the UK
@LVMPD  Thank y'all. I'm from texas but in tears for Vegas. This has effected all of us. We all stand together never alone.
This was an incorrect tweeted address, best to make an appt at United blood services. That Labor health address is not accepting donations!
is there a phone number?
Is there a way we can donate from IL, in place of donating blood? Any thing specifically needed? Any place looking for donations?
If you can donate!
Salt Lake City blood bank?
Is there any way to donate blood for them in california?
@EGGSYSPIDEY
If you are able to donate blood, please do so...even if you are not in NV, your city probably has a collection site scheduled. Thank You
Do you guys need extra phlebotomists to assist in collecting blood for the victims!? I'm certified and worked in a hospital for 2 years
What about from Canada @LVMPD
Is there anywhere in LA we can donate?
How can we donate for burial funds or medical care?
Much respect for your officers and the officers across the country. America stands with you!
more donation locations????
Can I donate from SF to help in LV?
Hello dear,
#follow_me for #follow_back 100% sure
Is there anywhere to donate in the Los Angeles area that will go directly to Vegas?
It was a Terrorist attack not a  Strip Shooting
I’m in Minnesota and heading to red cross to donate blood today. Thoughts go to family and loved ones there 
We are in So Cal to donate blood is there a specific blood bank we should use in the event you need it from surrounding areas?
Where can we donate blood in Sacramento that will go directly to the victims in Nevada?
Can we donate at our local LifeSource facility?
They are sending people to 6930 W Charleston.
Sheriff just said not to go there at his press conference.
PLEASE  remove blowing curtains/drapes and broken glass no need for more injuries upon letting visitors back to hotel 
#vegasshooting
This is a sad sad day in vegas prayers to the families that lost their loved ones. I was there the night before this is crazy
Prayers are sent to all in Las Vegas and this senseless act 
Very sad, that I am in Ukraine :( wanted to danye blood
dad, step mom & two step sisters are on their way 
Send a Blood drive to Kingman,Arizona 
I'll donate
@I_Dubone_you
They are not taking donations here. Just got there and they are not.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !!!http://www.dailymotion.com/video/x3veixz 
U
update: directing people to 6930 W. charleston
What all info do we need to bring with us to donate?
Except I’m gay. My help doesn’t matter to the government apparently. Oh well. 
i would like to but unfortunate im not american
Attention all now you can locate your destination easily. .just click below
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.street.view.live.andmaps.live.maps&rdid=com.street.view.live.andmaps.live.maps …
@KaskadeKonnect @kaskade @Zedd @DILLONFRANCIS RT RT RT
Can tourists donate??
Can people in California donate
Donate blood I gave y'all a whole fetus , and y'all still ain't give the devil hea due  Payback a MF
They told us to go to Charleston

Is there somewhere to do it out of state that would go through quicker channels for Vegas?
Thank you first responders
Will ask folks to do.
If you would like to join reality stand together and oppose open carry and assault rifles, Republicans caused this
#resist if u r in Vegas- find out where to give blood for victims.
Do you know if blood banks will be contacting outside facilities to help with the need?
We in the UK benefit from a NATIONAL HEALTH SERVICE which means we have blood on hand for such emergencies
Tell CHUMP TRUMP
what if I'm not in area and would like to donate?
Prayers to all victims BlessRNG 
I wish I could do this. Unfortunately I’m in California.

Oh, has the ban against gay men donating blood been suddenly lifted now that there is a terrible tragedy?
Thank you LVMPD for quick response and resolution to a horrific situation. If not for bravery of your officers this couldve been even worse
Shelf life of whole blood is about a month. If you live in Ca, Nevada, Az it would be helpful
Our Prayers and thoughts to all the victims and their families, be strong!
Let then die to preserve your stupid laws. The more, the better.
so sad, real all the love in the world


Shooters toxicology will probably show the presence of psychiatric drugs
Guys I am urging anyone to donate if they can.
@JoeVargas use your stronger account ,get the word out joe.
So if a gut books a suite that can't afford it, and it's not comped that could be a clue to get in the future.
Just wanted to give props to y’all & LV sheriffs. Great response to an overwhelming situation. Sorry for the losses you’ve suffered.
I wish I was in the area, I'm A- 
If you donate blood, I will draw a free portrait of you (75 dollar value) retweet please for max views. I want to donate as much as possible
Are there any organizations in charge of relief for victims? Would like to fly in and volunteer my time
Please send your plane to pick me up, I wanna donate my blood..
Ban at least semi automatic and automatic weapon's sale?U need 2  prioritize human lives over gun manufacturer's profits @realDonaldTrump

Is there a donation area near St George Utah or mesquite?
There are Red Cross & United Blood Service donation centers in St. George.
Even as a regular donor like myself, you can still donate. Call the Red Cross to find out & donate. Even liberals can donate.

Good info!
Sorry I'm far away from .I can't .but I donate my blood many time .I hope I could for you.sorry . God bless all who injured
Can i donate in AZ and have it sent to Vegas?
Thinking of you man. Stay safe.
Is there anywhere in Henderson?
