I hope president bans all Muslims we don't need that in our country
Last year alone how many Christians have you heard go on killing sprees?Research how many have been beheaded recently in the name of Islam.
Anybody who truly follows Christ knows those men don't represent Him. They're pathetic.
Thank you @FLOTUS for reminding us of what makes America great. Be a #MuslimAlly at http://TrueIslam.com 
I don't hear "moderate" Muslims denounce the violence.
Check our timeline & our website http://www.TrueIslam.com —see for yourself that we denounce all forms of terrorism & strive to end extremism.
Violence & the Quran are like mother & daughter. Denounce the Quran denounce Islam. Then there is peace.
...the same could be said of Christianity with its relation, rational, and reputation for US slavery
Indentured slavery was a way to earn a living, a way to pay off debt, a way to survive.
...the Christianity follower used the idea of Africans being a "barbaric people" on need of "saving"
Islam has been enslaving people (black people) for 1400 years and continues to do so today.
- Tell that to the 4 monsters who tortured the mentally disabled guy in Chicago. They didn't care about diversity.
I hope you listen to the reply about Dylan roof and they listen to the report. 2 halves of a whole truth
Sha-na-nah-na, sha-na-nah-na, hey, he-ey, GOOD-BYE
In not even 6 months you will be singing that again when Donald is being impeached.
WHY do you think that The Donald will be impeached?
So, were you going to tell me WHY Prez. Trump is going to be impeached, or did you just pull that out of
get a life trump won't bring u any meal
...unlike the damned Democrats, who  want to provide meals so ppl become dependent on them?

عالمن
@CarmoSteph oh I'd never say Melania as First Lady..lady of the night maybe or HOTUS. 
разнообразие религий, цветов и вероисповеданий является объединяющим фоном подлинной демократии и демократии@FLOTUS
Нужно любить свой край.
Thank you #MichelleObama !!!  You are a role model for all women and we love love love you dearly  Wishing you continued #success
Truth!!
; Thank you very much u  have been 1 of the most intelligent & beautiful 1st ladies ever & definitely the most elegant speaker ever..
lmao she looks like a man
look who's talking hahahahahahah
Leaving made you his
I believe this with all my heart
Thank You For all that you did & will continue to do
A First Lady that truly inspired hope in Americans over the past 8 years.
ok enough already
Have you internalized that lesson? I do not think so
who's ur God and in what country does he live?
God is our Lord and Savior.
that tweet did not come from me. The last thing I am is a hypocritical Christian. They hold bible next 2theircoldcoldhearts
Happy Birthday Amazing Lady!!
Could have fooled me!
Glorious diversity of faith. HmmI thought you only knew one faith which is Muslim, even though you pretend to be Christian. Bye Mike
Muslim isn't the name of the faith, Islam is. Educate yourself.
Muslim-Islam doesn't matter to me. What does matter to me is that he pretended to be Christian until he was elected.
True & very beautiful.Yet, some ppl's creed is that who doesn't share their creed must suffer terror & be killed.That is a threat
I've been crying.
you will be missed!!!
Gonna save these words. Melania Trump will be using them next week ugh
yeah racist pigs
Dear Mrs Obama for some of us the path we must take is not a choice but an obligation. PLEASE run for office. Our nation needs you
hahaha she would lose so bad
it figures that you'd recognize a loser
who did I recognize by my comment?
love you Michelle.
Yes, indeed!
when y'all leaving?
as terrorists kill all the women and gays first;)
@deborahlynn_dmp I believe it WILL be a threat to us unless people can learn to live and let live. I' ll start it off... &.
truth...
I miss you all already.  You are an inspiring woman
Yes! We will NOT let @realDonaldTrump stand in,the way of WHAT America stands for despite his bullying hateful ways! We are AMERICA!
& @POTUS Thank you for being such spirit filled, joy full, inspirations to us all.  I am deeply grateful! #Peace
Nobody shoved it down everybody's throats until u 2 got in/stirred every pot every day! WE are not you thank GOD. GOD BLESS AMERICA
I can only say THANK YOU from the bottom of my heart-You are the best
Being open minded,  accepting, and honest has allowed you to be a wonderful and inspirational FLOTUS.  Thank you!
Very beautifully said Ms. Michelle OBama
@vj44 May God Bless all. I wish President Obama would stay in the White House four more years.
Yes Michelle. Thanks for yours and your hubby's constant remind us by using your race card every possible opportunity.
Thank you! You will be missed!

thank you for being you.
We will miss you so much
This quote says it all. You'll never hear such an eloquent sentiment from Melania Trump.
.
https://tspr.ng/c/women-march-on-washington-2017 …
You did do us proud! Thanks for your class, heart and soul!
you will be truly missed. Honor, respect, and dignity are what illuminated from you, regardless of the lower impulses of people.
You are my Hero! So sad to see you go!
soooo good mam
"It is ridiculous to hate for skin color. I have never seen any of you and I love you all." - Stevie Wonder
well said
your disgusting 'husband' did a lot to divide the country
Nailed it, my friend!
I hope Donald does not build that wall, many #NativeAmericans were forced into #Mexico & with the hate he may create #ISIS type foes
thank you. You will be missed!
I'm going to miss you First LADY!!
thank you ... with all my heart !!!
You are Glamour, Grace and Magnificence to "we the faithful"! Be well, always!!!
our diversity is what makes us rich.  Appreciating the richness is often difficult but when you are able, wow!

beautiful
the best way to know other people is to give them to read the stories, books of other people. Every people have beautiful stories!
if will love the stories of other people there is a big chance that we would like to know those people.
and with time they will become our friends, loves. We are diferent but also totally the same. We all need love, peace, friends, ...
and what shell we do with diferenes? We must embrace them, they make us richer and more interesting to each other.
diferences shouldn't be our reason for fight, they shuld be our reason, bridge for connection. So read other people's tales, books!
- 2020 thank you
 inclusion
@vj44 Please, Please..just leave.
@vj44 ..Islam needs to evolve out of the 8th century and stop with the "kill non-believers" jihad.
the more people know each other the more they will love each other.
Yes
that's what makes me love usa Berit from sweden 
Russia succeeded on affecting the American democracy. They knew the democrats will keep trying end the democratic process. Mccaskill/warren
How's Barack?
How First Lady?
That is all good.  But Abortion and those who support it also says a lot about who we ought not to be.
Well said.
For what it's worth. Rumors online is assassination to Trump, Lotus and Flotus. Old wear bullet proof vests. Esp. Flotus.
@vj44  What will you miss about the white house.
How long does it take a first family to move out and the other one to move in? Do you pack your own things?
First Lady you are on fire...whew!!! That is some good word.
you will be missed. Thank you to you and your family for representing this country with grace, honor and dignity.

To bad you refute that all the time.

Continue to #GoHigh
Thank you so much for your service to our country. #alwaysmyFLOTUS
exept when these diversities want to kill Americans WRONG Again
Sooo  well said!!
you are such an inspiration! Thank You for your service!
We will miss you and your beautiful family.
we will miss your grace, dignity and decency. @TheDemocrats
YES! That's exactly what I believe Mrs.Obama! Thank you for tweeting that for all to see!

I love you, will miss you, and wish for you nothing but the warmest aloha to grace your life. #myflotus
I hope you have some idea how much your grace, intelligence, and eloquence will be missed. Oh, and your POTUS too. 
Thank you for your powerful words and for serving this country with class and dignity these past 8 years. Please don't go!
Thank you @MichelleObama for leading this country w/grace, class, strength of character, integrity, intellect and compassion. Xx
Love your quotes.#Best First Lady ever! Please Lord help us when They leave.
goodbye...you don't represent me or my values, never have.
@TheDemocrats Thanks for being there for us.
Always bitching about race eh
do you hear about diversity in Arab  nations?
I like your word.Different environment of different people.we will be better,human will.
Funny even your own daughters are done with your BS they didn't want anything to do with their Dad and Thanksgiving. #Ungrateful
Then why are you so depressing?!? Era of Hopelessness and your other BS.  #MakeUpYourMind #Jan20

Thank you for 8 yrs of class and grace! Much love and respect to you both!
I totally agree with you. Yet, as I read all the texts, Im sadden that we are truly two American profiles...
RECOM  NOT REAL...
What a woman. She's got a big heart. She will be missed, but, she'll be very close to the White House.
You did you...
Im getting a thrill up my leg
Why are people so scared?
let me remind you ... We are a Christian nation!
I don't want to pick on you but can you please retract the hopeless statement it was really insulting many
Thank you my FRIST LADY 
Love you more than ever.  Thank you, thank you for a job so well done.  Encourage retired teachers to mentor!  There are so many
Is Micheal Robinson his real name not Michelle Obama?
Both names are better than a hick name like beau gamble.
YouthStrong #beyou
hurray
We The People don't mind diversity, we mind continued immigration when there's not enough work for AMERICANS.

Ma'am, you've led this country with such grace. Thank you.
thank you for bringing class, grace and fun to the position of FLOTUS! You will be missed
I will miss you and your inspiring messages to us.
Grace and good will to you, gentle lady.
Yes!! Thank you.
Michael u'r proof that diversity in ugliness exists too! Viva La Diversity! @Moonlitegirl1
You should probably change your twitter profile name 
and thank you Mrs Obama for your class & being the inclusive voice & support needed by americans. #americaisALLofus #TheResistance
Thank you! We will miss you!
Speak out first lady.Thanks.
My family.  #WeAreFamily #America #Diversity
Thank you for being a good role model for girls & women of all ages. Love you & will miss you.
except for those whose creed includes death to America
Thank you, Mrs Obama, and yes you made me proud!
so true but it has to be participating or involved diversity, not so much a diversity in which people can exclude themselves from it
:Thank you for your memorable words&actions for which we've been blessed!These 8yrs have been a once in a lifetime moment-Thank you!
we love you dearly. Idol
@realDonaldTrump Respectively, who's words are those? Are they actually yours? Thank you.
Are melenia trump's words hers? Or are they FLOTUS'?
we love you dearly
Thanks for reminding us the importance of diversity. Great speech for such an inspiring woman #MichelleObama
keep your chin up and never give in to the trolls.
ARE YOU LISTENING DONALD??? This brought me to tears ...brilliant..we love this woman! #TheResistance
@VivianneNantel1 cool

can't wait for Jan 20th
most scary day
thank you for all that you are and represent.   Grateful for your presence.
we’re you triggered, do you need a safe place?
I’ve heard better comebacks from a six year old.
yeah, trump and his fascist supporters have dispelled any thought I had that people are inherently good.
You and your family have made me feel pride in our country each and every day. I wish you all rest and peace. Thank you.
yessssssssss!
if we could just remember it
you are the best example of a First Lady this country has ever seen. Best of luck to you and your family w all that lies ahead!
@EdinaDebbie Thank you for your service to our country
8 years of nothing. It's time to make America great.
you exist right?
really!
@TheDemocrats americans. .by law. Illegals have no rights, as they are not citizens.
You seem to be the evil one
#Classiseverything#moneycan'tbuyclass#onpoint.
Amen 
I miss you already. 
I agree
Please don't leave!  Couldn't you be ambassador FLOTUS?
as long it's the faith of God, the devil faith is out there too and it's busy let me tell you
thank you for being an inspiration to Americans everywhere.  I can't wait to tell my daughters about your incredible legacy.
.  true!!!
You and you husband most certainly have.
no one knows this better than us here in New Zealand 
do not forget @lessig  @FLOTUS @timberners_lee
friday january 13. 2013 https://de.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Aaron_Swartz … 4. anniversary #RIP #AaronSwartz

https://youtu.be/jlOOBCoAhEI 
So eloquent, as always. Never stop being an inspiration.
So true!
please run for president!!!!!
@CeeLeeMusic Diversity is good, being around only people like you is boring.
@TheDemocrats so true. A world of everything being the same, would be a boring world.
miss you already!  You are a true American hero. I hope you will find a way to keep serving!
you are the classiest First Lady since Jackie.. and I you!!
You along with @POTUS have helped America be great. We've always been & will fight to always be. 


but there is only 1 faith and that is in jahovah.
Melania doesn't even show up for, doesn't understand and will never love America like @FLOTUS.
You are an inspiration to all Americans!! Thank you for all you have done for this country.
