https://twitter.com/RealAssange/status/901576191550799872 …
@realDonaldTrump = #TimeToResign. #TrumpResign #TrumpRussia #RacistTrump #WhiteSupremacistInChief #LiarInChief #TrumpIsEvil #UnfitForOffice
Donald J. #Trump will NEVER come close to the Honorable, Noble, Ethical, Humane, Intelligent, and Moral STATURE of President @BarackObama.
WRONG!! Noble, Ethical, Humane, Intellegent, Moral, HONORABLE PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP. Obomo kids are adopted, lies, criminal, terriorist.
My concern is that Pence would be worse. Same views, but not so incompetent.
Your only concern should be having a nazi democrat as POTUS!!!

Shut up with your liberal polices , this women would be alive if ice was in court room .maricopa county .
What happens now?
The pardon is a legal admission of guilt, so trump just opened up Arpaio for a litany of civil suits without 5th Amendment protection
Please! Let your words be true. Are you sure he can be sued for something he's been pardoned for?
A civil suit is not a criminal complaint and not subject to pardon.  AND it's a state law suit, not federal.
Presidential pardons can only be given for federal crimes.
If the State of Arizona wanted to criminally prosecute Arpaio under state law, Trump would be powerless to act.
Thanks Mr Trump. @SenCortezMasto drug profits are under threat.
Trumps are PATHETIC life forms!!!
It's equally disgusting to me that illegal immigrants come to our country, and disobey our laws while we fork out our tax dollars.
Don't cross our borders illegally expecting free handouts while committing crimes against us. I'm sick and tired of it!
I voted for a President Who represents Law and Order! Putting American Citizens First!...something that the Demoscrats forgot about. #MAGA!
Disgusting? How about just move to impeach?
Criminals are criminals. " ILLEGALS "

What's disgusting is your lack of respect for the CITIZENS of this Nation.
Yeah nothing new 
Thank you for speaking out and standing up to hate!
He's doing neither. He's standing up for ignoring opur nation's laws and demonizing anyone trying to enforce them. Pure bullshit.
Trump treats all humans the same. Democrats & Liberals try to lump together human rights with USA citizens rights to be in this country..
another Democrat hypocrite. You did not seem to mind when Obama pardoned all these people. https://www.justice.gov/pardon/obama-commutations …
Yeah, so when Obama pardoned a TRAITOR he announced it's okay to steal classified info. #Hypocrites @POTUS
No
In the  tradition of FDR.
YOU are much worse. I came to you as AG with a problem re: MY LIVELIHOOD, and you brushed me off. Too worried about your next gig maybe?????

It is amazing how long it has taken for ppl to be disturbed re T blatant #BIGOTRY / He came down escalator & spewed hate towards Mex's early
So @POTUS44 Ostupid signaled acceptance of bombing and treason with his pardons? #ThatsWhatURSaying @POTUS
You never, ever stand up for our sovereignty.
Learn the difference-illegal aliens and legal immigrants are not the same thing...FOLLOW IMMIGRATION LAWS
senator, illegal aliens have no rights. But you Pander to them. Want them to vote illegally. Pathetic.

Only 2/3 of Congress is needed to unite to restrict abuse of pardoning powers with a Constituitional Amendment ASAP. We do not have a king!
And make it retroactive...
Actually, he announced that it is unacceptable for Obama's DOJ to witch hunt a sheriff doing his job.
1st the not immigrants, immigrants enter OUR country w/ permission. 2nd the Sharif was enforcing the law.

Get over it!
But @SenateDems @SenateGOP do NOTHING! @POTUS spreads chaos, hate, bigotry - dividing our country/Americans; jeopardizing national security!
Very disgusting.
My question where is the Republicans they need to impeach Trump
Trump needs to be impeached
POTUS is disgusting!! Just when we think he can't do anything worse, there he goes. Can't wait for special counsel to get done.
You forgot the word "Illigal" in front of "Immigrants". Or you meant to do it and your just pandering
No disrespect - just helping with the editing - "profile Latinos & ignore immigrants' human rights" is grammatically correct.
Worse still, it's ok to ignore the courts.
Rule of Law means nothing to racist POTUS,
Thats not what he said and again u twist the msg no wonder ur losing elections 2018 end of the democrat era
"My heroes have always been racists," tRump.
#tRumpRacist
#Prison4tRump
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @GOP @DNC @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @VP
Vote YES for impeachment. We Nevadans DEMAND it!
Say what? Have you even read the Constitution? That part about equal rights?
Btw it is not okay. Impeach Trump now! #ImpeachTrumpNow
Tonight Dems announced its ok to judge everything and turn it to fit thier agenda.
What is "disgusting" is your total lack of respect for the Office of the President of the United States.
No he said it was good when someone upholds  our lawd
All while holding the knife in his back pocket!
https://twitter.com/DisplayDaily/status/901262423071510528 …
Lying is UnAmerican and offensive.
#RacistArpaio #RacistPresident
Who knew an octogenarian could bend the knee, while his head was bobbing up and down on something bald, tiny, and orange.  Contortionist!
Senator, please stop your racist rants.
Please represent ALL of NV.
A political pardon of unsentenced contemnor 'Sheriff Joe' a Law & Order scofflaw. Sad 4 the country, people of color and immigrants.
Who are the ones coming in illegally?
start getting out the vote.

We've been covering Joe Arpaio for more than 20 years. Here's a couple of things you should know about him... 1/many
thank you senator for speaking out against this. all senators should. those that don't are condoning a racist. @SenDeanHeller
When is enough going to be ENOUGH? When he ACTUALLY "shoots someone on 5th Ave"? #stopthemadness
One thing's for sure there's a #WhiteSupremacist in the Oval office
@SenateGOP don't give a shite about the Civil Rights
America isn't white
Don't forget ignoring the courts.
GET HIM OUT OF OFFICE!
Thumbing his nose at the rule of law and the constitution.

Why are you coming out Nov. 4? Wherever you are, make your own video! Tweet it under #Nov4ItBegins @Kablamsky 
It's a disgusting abuse of power!!!
Yes it is shame on you mr trump
This will be another 'enlightenment' 
the light of Freedom must shine through this darkness of American ignorance
We are Americans everyone
Senator...how can we help you stop him??
The decent of America has been in process for manyyears
Trump with his base of faceless bigots think they can make America racist again
Nope
Every egregious act of treason will be acted upon by Congress
The US Constitution is a piece of paper
The dream of liberty will not die
He also once again signaled he's okay when someone flouts the law if that someone is a white supremacist.
I'm angry with you Catherine bc YOU keep voting to confirm his judicial nominees & they're ALL AS BAD AS ARPAIO!  STOP HELPING HIM!
If trump is sworn to up hold constitution is he not in violation of the 4th by Arpeo pardon?  Impeachable offense?  Bad bad trump!
You are listening to fake news again!
Bad trump!  Bad bad trump!
Go back to Mexico!
He also told Flynn, Manafort, etc it's okay to ignore GJ subpeonas. He will pardon the contempt. Ref- @tribelaw
He was not allowed a trial
HELP US
A perverse blessing:No one unifies American ethnic minorities,progressive whites,JEWs, LGBTQ as well as foreign allies like this bigot here!
"The enemy of my enemy is my FRIEND!!" - Author unknown SNL Monologue: "I can't believe we (Dems) are losing to this guy!!!
Organize, help others register, vampaign, and vote
White Power Hand Signals with Every Speech
Ahole!
Do I need to carry my passport with me now? Passport is the ONLY proof of citizenship. not DL, not SSN.
Nothing disgusting but @DNC & santutary citie MAYOR judge governor who break the law 

@POTUS @jeffsessions bring law arrest @JerryBrownGov
Agree with your ideas, but your tweeter should know basic grammar school punctuation:  it's   ///   Latinos  ///  immigrants'
paired with plan to dismantle DACA, clear Trump prefers a white guy that's been convicted of an actual crime to POC who never committed 1.
Then do something about it! #ImpeachTrump
FUCK TRUMP. Retweet. Like. DO IT.
It proves that he himself is a proud member of white supremacy White House I wonder if the GOP ARE proud of their racist asinine president
He announced that it is acceptable to follow immigration laws.
As people in Texas face danger Trump's sneak pardon signals whites contempt of law is ok. Impeach Him already.
This shitbag is the president of the kkk, not the USA. #impeachTrump #TrumpResign
Trump is a criminal  pardoning a criminal. Roast in Hell together
Please! No more! Let this be the straw that breaks the camel's back. Let's restore dignity. Impeach him! I can't swallow this one.
It's more than disgusting. Its not even close to American. POTUS should move to Russia. He's in Putins pocket anyway. Halfway there.
Sadly, this is America. We need to own this, and fight to expunge and correct all that is wrong. America is not perfect. We need to help her
You both should be in prison!
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHAHAHAHAHAHA HAHA
Also that if you're one of his allies, he will protect you from prosecution.
When your a criminal your a criminal!
The best part of this tweet is you showing the intelligent world you have no idea how to use apostrophes. Twice. #LiberalStupidity #MAGA
That's what you are taking away from this?
Nothing else in the tweet merits attention.
He is really into displaying the hand sign for 
WHITE POWER      check it out.
yep
He is attacking the rule of law on a regular basis now. It is time for you and your colleagues to act,
Rule of law states how immigration is happens. If one flouts that law are they not criminals? This is not abt feelings it is abt #ruleoflaw
Dear Sir. Could you please ask your wife or daughters yo advise you of the proper way to wear a necktie. Thanks
Just watch; this JERK will probably pardon the MURDERING NAZIS next! trump's tearing our country apart!
#ImpeachTrumpNow 
#NoBanNoWallNoGOP
Worse. Being in contempt of ct for continuing to violate fed'l law is also OK. And issuing pardons w no app, DOJ process, or recommendation.
Yes it is
trump is vile by any metric. He must go immediately.
#ImpeachTrump
Get enough on these people and they will turn on tRump!
#MuellerIsComing
He actually announced loud and clear that he will do the right thing no matter how loud the dems cry or how often you tweet! Thanks Boss!
Get your legal batch for your left arm legal Latinos. #That is next
Is not the David star but something similar
