Of course the Democrats will immediately blame guns, not their vile vitriolic unprofessional rhetoric & behavior.  You stay classy Democrats
WOW! Big words. Make you feel better?
Actually I feel sad. Sad over how you & other liberals are so gullible & easily manipulated.
Did you type that from your safe space ?
Republicans in the US Congress have never worked with Democrats. Why would they start now?
We need to register and then ban all people who speak hate towards Trump.
Reply to Trump man. How are you going to ban 80% of the country and from what? Silly!
you were quoted in an article by @NPR
Well said gabby! Thanks
Thanks GG

Hi! I'm Thuan and from Vietnam. I learning English to study abroad about the Buddhism in Myanmar. Can you help me talk in English? Thanks!
want to be more like you, some Republican Reps are giving interviews like this never happened before to a Congress person
They're your lemons, we don't want lemonade.
@CaptainsLog2017  I love you Gabby. I hope this brings a gun law forth my hope was that they would change the laws for you
Think the first step is to demand all liberals and left wing nut jobs surrender his / her guns. Clearly, these are mentally defective groups
Do you really think "gun carrying Liberals" is a big group?
Clearly no as liberals are afraid to do real work. They lay on his or her back and wait for government to take care of them :)
@CaptainsLog2017  I'm certain they will change gun laws now if not people will continue to assault our congress b/c they can
Gun control
I keep saying what abt Gabby Giffords none of you wanted to work on tone or retric. It's poor them. Obama called 4 this then
Time for Gabby to come clean on fact that no Repubcn, not S. Palin nor Rush  had anything to do with you getting shot in the head.
Gun laws.
Gun laws?  Like in Chicago, or Baltimore?
So inspiring GG
Good tweet Gabby! #azproud

Counter hate, donate to 1 of the charities of cong. baseball game.
http://www.bgcgw.org/donate/  
http://mlb.mlb.com/was/community/dreamfoundation/give/ …
https://www.washlit.org/donate 
This country could be it's best, if we deported all democrats.
You are an amazing human being with an incredible capacity for love and understanding.  Thank you for your kind and thoughtful message.
May we all have the decency to hold off on the political arguments sure to arise from this until an appropriate time.
I'm going to save my prayers for the babies of Sandy Hook. Much more than I'll be praying for a politician with a NRA rating of A+.
Classy Person
Thank you, but unfortunately we have some crazy mix up confused Trump supporters who really think just like him that they are above the law!
I have such respect for and belief in your words.
You are my hero. #UnitedWeStand
unfortunate that you must endure some people's vitriol. Peace loving people need to hold tight and be more vocal.
Thank you for your heartfelt message to the shooting victims and their families.
Will your nice msg be followed by others trying to use this political terrorist's actions as justification for moire worthless gun control?
You are the face of calm and courage, in all of this chaos..thank you! #youaremypersonalhero

We Love you Gabby .
@SpeakerRyan 23m under>bus wo health care>40k die-eliminate meals>wheels/ssi/medicare/cut taxes>1%/cut med.research-no background cks 4 guns
Gabby you are a true American Patriot, a beautiful & smart woman!  With a mighty big heart!   Go higher!
People die from gun violence every day.  Children were slaughtered.  No gun control, no restrictions, no common sense
You're using the word democracy loosely, correct?
I agree with Gabby Gifford we all need to come together for the victims and their families
Thank you, Representative Gifford.
To become a part of and come together. There is more power and strength in a country that is together than one torn. Please ppl stp the hate
I love this! If only others would come forward and spread the message it's time to stop the nonsense in this great country people die trying

#RepublicanEstrayLeadership :Life values every American. A greater purpose, than division, manipulation, lies, cover-ups, deception & greed. 
God bless you, Rep Giffords.

Thank you for making this about human compassion and not political position.
ty 4 showing ur concern and warm thoughts on the Shooting in Alex. VA. As a supporter  of our President, glad 2c ur kind act
Mrs. Gifford you are loved by many a hero to us all, God bless you and your family, and God bless the victims and their families as well.
Dear Gabby, you inspire me every day. Bless you and your husband.
Some of these responses are truly disgusting
Thank you.

Wish the rest of Congress showed your class.
Since Trump won. Republicans act like nobody can have an opinion. other than the one they have. It needs to stop we're all Americans
Thank you Representative Giffords Eloquent and essential after the lip service Paul Ryan paid to this
Beautiful, meaningful sentiment. Thank you for your continued efforts to make our country better. Please ignore the haters & trolls.
I think your right all this division among Americans is exactly what the enemy wants! We are all Gods children and need to start 
The message is about the need for effective gun control. Don't lose sight.
So people aren't mad about losing their healthcare or their benefits & every other inhumane policy GOP trying 3 push? It's dems fault? Dumb
done to stop this madness. Wishing you all the best and just ignore any of the negative responses you've received. Hope you are doing well.
Beautiful words, you are a hero!
All the people with their hateful tweets are just as bad as the gunman Y'all  are some sick individuals. Satan happy he has u in his corner
I know this must have brought back painful memories. I may dislike the current administration but I echo your message. Something must be
Thank you for being a loving voice of sanity today.
We love you Gabby. You are so strong.
Rep. Giffords thank you for your courage and grace. So sad how others respond with hate.
Mrs. Giffords, you are an inspiration to us all!!  Thank you so very much for your service to our country.
Poignant words and so true. #StoptheHate #StoptheRhetoric
Love you Gabby!  #heroine
Here here!
Thank you for your courage and the shining example you set.
The shooter was to blame. People need to stop blaming the labels that otherwise defined him. Focus on unity and healing. My heart bleeds.
@MiaFarrow    Yes!
Prayers for ALL victims of gun violence, not just the political elite-who, by the way, have had the power to do something about it sooner.
The fact that POTUS thought it was clever to suggest a second amendment solution to Clinton choosing a SCOTUS justice seems relevant.
@realDonaldTrump def exacerbated political violence but increasing gun violence has been as issue for decades. @GOP did 0 after #SandyHook
Absolutely true. But it makes him a poorly-chosen victim in all this.
Watching @ShuttleCDRKelly on @chucktodd & greatly appreciated him his words of wisdom.
You are a class act
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @TIME
Hey, Gabby, the public wants to know: what did you say to Jared in Spanish when he asked you about semantics?
Despicable. Really.
My sympathies are with the victims today but it also upsets me some people are already politicizing it.
If anyone has earned the right to call us forward with prayers, love and courage, it is you @GabbyGiffords.  #truehero #nomoreguns
@MariaCuomoCole we need to come together and be fierce and definitive and stop the next  #AlexandriaShooting  Say #NoWayNRA
We must ban all baseball games for ninety days until we can figure out what the hell is going on with gun violence on the baseball fields!
What can we do? We meet, we talk, we give money, we vote.  So disheartening that we haven't made more progress.
She literally said nothing about that.
Long live America and her citizens.
Video that is being shown now with all the shots is terrifying. Devastated. when you were shot. I support gun safety.  But not much changes.
Gabby Giffords is STILL my hero!
Very well written, Ms. Giffords! You are a powerful woman who I am honored to know!
We love you Gabby!
We definitely need to stop, take a breath and reflect what Gabby has said and has been through. Politicians who spew hate fuel these attacks
We are #StrongerTogether
Some of us are able to think and do more than one thing at once. It's ok.
Maybe if u hadn't endorsed Pat Toomey, US would b closer 2 legislation which would help prevent these kinds of incidents.
Thank you Gabby for your kind words and sincerity during this time. My thoughts and prayers are still with you and your family.
Out of many are one (E Pluribus Unum). Thank you for your heartfelt words. #wearestrongertogether
God bless you Gabby Gifford .
Thank you for your comforting words @GabbyGiffords
You,#Hollywood, Feral Universities, & @TheDemocrats Have been spreading HATE/VIOLENCE towards @POTUS & conservitives! This is on YOU!
It's everyone's fault. When anyone who doesn't agree with you is "evil" (BOTH sides), there's no positive discourse remaining. It's broken.
Thanks for your words. They raise up. I am with your comments completely.
Sorry, ma'am. I think you're terrific, but since Sandy Hook, I just can't find it in my heart to forgive those who take NRA blood money.
The level of respect shown here to agree, yet hold concern and express it in kindness is awesome   #Imagine if we all were so polite 
With this tragedy assess the approach being taken & represent all Americans not political bents.  TRUMP does not join he divides. Corrupt.
. It's so true.
Thank you Gabbie! You have many admirers and supporters here on Twitter and across this country!
Thank you for your humanity, compassion, and sane voice on this, day 154 of mass shootings in 2017. You make U.S. all proud.
Gabby, your courage & caring for others is an inspiration. Thank you for your heroic & continuing dialog on #GunControl.
No one wants violence. We can all agree on this
If no one wanted violence we wouldn't be here posting about it. Shock jocks regularly call for it on air. Now we have to deal with it.
Maybe now that a Male Politician was shot something will be done about the gun issue?
Yes

We could debate who's responsible for violence or we could take our leaders at their words 
And then may we all come together to STOP the madness of gun deaths in America.
...and then fight like hell to get something accomplished preventing unfettered access to firearms!
And legislation to keep gun violence from happening again
I love you Gabby!
You mean like your hate filled words from you & the RW. Always a good time for ppl like you & ur hate. Go back to ur rock crawl under
Thank you Rep. Giffords, All We Are Saying Is Give Peace A Chance !!!
I'm with this guy . You rock 
Thank you Gabby for reminding us what's important. 
.SO much respect for @GabbyGiffords. This is the ONLY response we should be making today - concern for injured & thx to the Capitol Police.
Thank you maam for your beautifully spoken words. Our country is in a black hole of division and anger, we all need to embrace one another!
 Exactly
And blame the NRA and its Dupe Deps
Beautiful statement
Thank you for your courage, wisdom, and healing words. You are a true hero whose words lift us up amid the despair.
Uh who's ass did you pull this nugget of info out of?
Let's thank the NRA & their followers for this latest mass shooting. "Guns don't kill people,people kill people"just like this shooter tried
Thank you, Gabby.
Just a reminder, this happens all the time in America.  We can do better.
We can, a start would be finding a real job instead of gobbling knobs on the Vegas Strip
Weak and impotent people mistake rudeness for strength and use sexism as a substitute for intellect

#FlagDay 
These Colors Never Run 
  
RT If you are agree with @S_T_O_P_TERROR 
Thank you so much for your loving words Mrs.Giffords! I hope everyone reads this and lives up to its meaning.
Thank you for your amazing words. They mean so much coming from you. You're my hero.
You're such a fine person. All i have is contempt bc #GOPmadeThis. They have 0 regrets.
How do you do it, ma'am? Please share... Ty
My heart is with you today! Prayers for you and prayers for our injured GOP.
Your words mean more than most. Thank you for all you do.
Thanks Gabby, your insight, courage and inspiration continues to light the path toward a better America. Blessings of gratitude 2U always.

