They should take a knee during National Anthem to honor all gun violence victims.  And continue this until GOP bans Assault Rifles.

#VegasStrong
This certainly wouldn't be allowed in the NFL. Yet another reason CFB is faaaar better than the NFL!!
Love My City 
Mountain West is so proud of  you UNLV!  So sad what happened in your home college area. Stay strong  #VegasStrong
I hope they auction them off I would put money up
ELKO HIGH WILL BE WEARING THESE FRIDAY NIGHT TO HONOR THEM AS WELL
Great idea, class.
An even better move would be getting rid of libtard prof tessa winkleman, obviously doesnt pay att, dems create violence
Will  Tess Winkelmann be singing the National Anthem????
First class
Just awful what your professors are saying about POTUS . Just awful! This professor needs to be fired!
Maybe you should fire you professor for blaming Trump for the shooting. Obviously Tess Winklemann has mental illness, shouldn't be teaching

Show your support and stand together
Fire jemele.  Bad for ur brand. Get some backbone ESPN.
Very awesome
If they were in the NFL, they would probably be fined.
Sad they have to... but glad they are...
Hey @NFL  this is how it’s done. God bless UNLV!
Good thing they r NCAA...NFL would never permit it!
Great tribute.  Hope other teams will follow!
Oops thought it was NFL ....sorry
@KevinCuddy
If the Raiders were there, the NFL would not let them do this.
The NFL sucks!
Hol’ up bruh, shouldn’t that be brass-colored
Why?
All that hot brass from Mandalay Bay cuz
Thank God there is no NFL team there yet. They would not be able to do this. Good job UNLV........
NFL would fine them
then Roger Goodall would get backlash.
too bad their faculty, specifically #tessawinkelman would rather lay blame than respect the victims.  #irresponsible
We always honor them!
Who cares.....? To little to late. They have already shown us when they hooked up with SOROS . They are left wing like Hollywood
#class
For those victims and their families of the shootings!
@iDrop_knowl3dg3
#SellOutSamBoyd
Proud of my city, my university and my Rebels! #UNLV #VegasStrong
word up
Keep it for the season
Another reason to follow college instead of the NFL. Great job, UNLV!
Make some mini ones
Respect to you UNLV
Thanks to the family of UNLV
#UNLVathletics supports #LasVegasVictims
Good for them! To bad the NFL won't condone this type of respect for others!
Great helmets. Maybe they can make small replicas and sell them. Proceeds can go to the victims’ families.
That's awesome.

SDSU is playing them and they are also wearing the ribbons on their helmets
Love what UNLV is doing. Glad the NCAA doesn't play big brother like the NFL
Great
@vegasmarino coolest thing UNLV football has ever done! 
FRESH AF
A great act of love.  I'd like to see an all effort to fire FINEBAUM as the voice of the SEC NETWORK.promotes firing coaches n ADs..NEGATIVE
Those r so fire
Excellent
If they were in nfl they probably would be fined.
It's a great tribute
@Kaepernick7 is getting blackballed from the @NFL !!

tough! 
Awesome.
Prayers Going Up For All Of Them
That is the dumbest thing I have ever seen. What does that accomplish?
meaningless crap
Amazing!!
Man , What it takes to reflect and show respect and just how long will we remember ?????
Long enough for "thoughts & prayers" to fade, then everyone except families returns to whistling by the graveyard
Yep.  That’ll help 
Typical liberal.
They held classes the day after
Class gesture and great-looking helmets. Well done, UNLV!
Fined by NFL
