The US has violently overthrown dozens of elected governments throughout the world for decades.
@LindseyGrahamSC
Russia is trying to break the backs of democracies – and democratic movements – all over the world.
*ahem*
Iran
Guatemala
Chile
Nicaragua
Venezuela
Indonesia
Honduras
Haiti
Grenada
Congo
Burkina Faso
Brazil
Pakistan
Russia is trying to break the backs of democracies – and democratic movements – all over the world.
A very much incomplete list of US-backed coups in the past several decades
http://www.alternet.org/world/americas-coup-machine-destroying-democracy-1953 …
Noam Chumpsky has a soft spot for authoritarian and totalitarian despots.
The CIA said that Iraq had weapon of mass destruction

A war was started over that lie

Theres NO PROOF Russia did anything
defected to Russia. Each leak changed people's mind
The FBI------said there's no connection between Russia and Donald Trump

News http://s1.zetaboards.com/Express_Yourself/topic/8045931/1/#new …
The same FBI headed by...James Comey? Without the foreign assets the CIA has?
Trump won 30 states

Hillary won 20 states

The VOTERS have spoken
2.7 million vote difference.
Whoever win the most states become the president

Trump won the most states
You are a true patriot, senator.
I applaud your honesty and willingness to fight for this country. Encourage your colleagues to denounce Russia and Trump.
i was about to stay the same. Thank you Graham for being a voice a reason in the GOP. i'm worried logic is gone
I thought patriotism was dead in the party of Lincoln and Reagan.
I want to see a probe just like Benghazi!! I want to see the election probed!!! This is horrendous.
@chucktodd 
I'm hoping that you and others are serious about investigating hacks...before KING CON takes over
Since when did you or any of your corrupt party decide to accept that. You can't even get new russian sanctions enforced. 63% of this country will work to remove You all from office. #GopTraitors2ThePeopleCountry
how are we to accept a us press elected by Russia?
You're either with #WeThePeople, or you are with the #Traitors. You know how dangerous trump is, and all of his family, and pretty much his entire cabinet. Yet you do NOTHING. You vote to give massive wealth to the rich by making the poor pay for it. YOU ARE SCREWED.
#VoteThemOUT
And they're proud of your support as a Republican. We a different history will forever know you as a traitor to America and to humanity.
i agree!! #TreasonousTrump
Thank goodness at least ONE Republican is willing to speak out.
Substitute "Trump" for Russia and it is still accurate.
Well then y'all better get your asses together and do something about it. @LindseyGrahamSC
Shouldn't even be their top priority but these jackasses.....
Do U have the stomach & spine 2 investigate & reveal 2 American citizens? We deserve FREE elections NOT Putin interference
Additionally, investigate involvement of @SpeakerMajLdr @SpeakerRyan they are complicit with Trump R U? Will u tell truth?
And you and helping them do it, traitor!!! #Treasongate #GOPareTraitors
For those using Chomsky Trump's win reminded me listening to Hitler's rallies REALITY CHECK
MY DARLING LINDSEY-i feel overwhelming love for you for writing this alone. it is a brave and beautiful thing to do.
Thank you for your integrity, sir. This affects all of us.
@marybschneider We need leadership NOW!
You are a kindred spirit.
This Wapo story is unbelievable!
If this was a movie I'd call the plot stupid & unrealistic. Instead it's our lives.
If Russia had been shilling for the Dems. the GOP would have had Hillary shot.
@chucktodd
What does a CIA 'High Confidence' intelligence report look like? https://www.scribd.com/doc/259216899/Iraq-October-2002-NIE-on-WMDs-unedacted-version … 
Now, live up to this statement and impeach Trump.
Just do what President Reagan would have done were he in office at this perilous time.
Interesting - I think the subtweet is that fact that Russia has compromised the right and left, in which case, I take back my previous tweet at you questioning your intent.
ya like the white man colonial big wigs, screwed American Indians. Democrats are filthy money grubbers that drag USA down
So what are you doing to stop this here in the United States?  #2018Vote??
Sir, we are counting on you and Sen McCain to help block these dangerous nominees.
I'm still hoping the Electoral College saves us from Putin's machinations.
“@LindseyGrahamSC: Russia is trying to break the backs of democracies – and democratic movements – all over the world.” Starting with ours.
actually they started with our European allies long ago.
hope Trump builds gulags and puts all the lazy hands out folks to work, all the liberals & Graham are pussies & cowards
In this endeavor, Putin will soon have an ally(perhaps an unwitting one) in White House.
like the USA did in Ukraine?
how is any of this intrigue treason? Are you high?
If Putin was helping to get a Dem. elected heads would be rolling.
you are right, Russia should learn from the US how to deliver democracy like in Iraq and Libya
I'd like to remind you of the Berlin Airlift, the Truman Doctrine, the Marshall Plan.  No moral equivalence.
You mean Russia and the GOP, the combined leaders of a coups on our country.
@chucktodd totally agree. Senator Graham stand strong against tyranny. That's what' inportant
sounds more like the US than Russia to me re check your facts MR. Grahm @KremlinRussia_E
And so is Donald Trump, Senator Graham. What will you do to stop Russian & Trump/
Why would they do that? They are not communists and haven’t been for more than 20 years.
How have they done this again?   If they was involved they told us the truth about Hillary.  Career politicians vote out
Hilary/Obama sold 20% of our uranium to Russia, reset with them and we are worried about Trump and who he picks?
China has done so much MORE Damage to us than Russia--you must realize that--don't you?
We should B concerned that "they" can hack.Shows how weak & unprepared our govt and intelligence community is.

you are helping @HillaryClinton attempt to steal election from @realDonaldTrump Who's won't accept now? You're all pathetic
you don't know that for sure! #oustgraham2018
Destroying democracies has ALWAYS been Russia's goal and the U.S. is their favorite target! #russianhack
I hope you can really do something about it, Sir.  We have very little hope left.
you didn't care before, Only after Trump won. Go back to bed with your top McCain
lindsey you are the only rep w/ any balls
Who saw that coming? @souzi54 @LindseyGrahamSC
Thank you, sir. Thank you for choosing the sovereignty of our nation over partisan politics.
Explain to me the ousting of Gough Whitlam in Australia 1975
Chile - imposing dictator over elected rep
Get a life Lindsey
the US isn't a democracy. It's a republican representative government. So why are you speaking about democracy?
And our democracy yielded the candidate your establishment loathes, hence democracy alive and well!
they won't now with Trump!
How do u feel that you're  a member of the pro-Russia party? #SwitchParties and join those against #RussianInterference
THANK YOU for putting partisan issues aside & focusing on the foundation of freedom & democracy this country is built on.
Putin trying to get the band back together. #USSR
the left is just using you..every one seems to forget Hillary and Obama courted Russia.. stop with fake news....
@manbeck57
HILLARY LOST BECAUSE RUSSIANS MADE US GO TO TRUMP RALLIES 
So why wait until NOW? What a low life you and MaCain are!!!!!
@chucktodd Think it is Soros w Dems/Rhinos blaming Russia as scape goat @LouDobbs @seanhannity @Varneyco @IngrahamAngle
@chucktodd Think it is Soros w Dems blaming Russia as scaoe g
Thank you!
How about your allies in Saudi who are bankrolling ISIS? Can we talk about that? @LindseyGrahamSC
Unlike some of your followers, I think you are a panicked has been.People need to vote you out, or term limits will.
We don't want war with Russia!!!! @LindseyGrahamSC
Remember when the elections were unhackable? #RussianHacking @LindseyGrahamSC
Can they really be worse than you guys? Lol. @LindseyGrahamSC
2nd ASAP Law IRS directed to release last 12 years of federal tax returns for POTUS & VPOTUS. Obama & Biden and all after
Two laws we need ASAP Nuclear weapons can be used with POTUS and one of Sec of State, Defense, Jt Chief of Staff or VPOTUS
@FaithRubPol you & yr cohort lover John McCain disparaged & tried to undermine our democratically elected pres for 8 years
do something about it
And the CIA is never meddles in foreign elections either?...

We are a REPUBLIC, Lindsey. How did you ever get elected ? We are NOT a democracy !  Go back to school, you missed the boat
, true. Thank you, Senator, for calling it out for what it is. @ohohyeah
Are you going to be like other GOPers and stand by and let in happen or are you going to do something
@laurasessions10 Thanks for your call for a bipartisan investigation. This election and Trump's presidency are tainted.
Petitions and public declarations won't matter after Dec 19. PLEASE ACT Tell Electoral voters to vote for you Survival
Yet don't challenge election results for the man Russia WANTS running the US? The man installing antithets in key roles?
Recently in Munich restaurant. With rye smile, maitre d, suggests menu in Russian. "You will need practice".
He'll has frozen over! 
I agree with Graham? 
What is going on?  
@SheWhoVotes so let's investigate!!! 
no you are trying to stop the progress of America being great again! You need to retire! You're a troublemaker
@BrennaSimonSays   Grahms a neocon just like McCain & Globalist. Russia doesn't play NWO game so they R punitive on Russia
The same CIA who created lies to invade Iraq, Libya, Syria and led a coup in Ukraine are at it again over Russia.
Russia has more Freedoms than America. You are fed Lies by the Corrupt evil CIA headed up by a Muslim convert. #YEYEEGF
#Russia democracy is more stable and friendly than yours - Iraq Libya Syria Afghanistan all US destruction
I would like to know exactly where all over the world recently??
sir why isn't Putin cut off from SWIFT? @LindseyGrahamSC is consideration of Israel the reason why option fails to even be voiced?
Look who's talking.
You suck!!! You need to start looking for some kind of gamefull employment. 
How's the never TRUMP thing working out?
@chucktodd
But @JohnCornyn & @Reince say it's no big deal.
@jeremyatie lol not everyday youre retweeting lindsey graham
@chucktodd 
And We didnt in the middle east and south east asia? All about the oil.
It really is! Putin is a fucking genius, or understands many in these countries are morons. We need to fight!!!!
Why Might Dems Look Beyond Blaming #FakeNews Russia? Mrs Clinton Speech #SuperPredators http://owl.li/ZnlsV 
No, they aren't. You and your CFR owners are.
@ChrisCoons That's it, Sen Coons?! A retweet of Sen Graham's strong statement? We Dems expect much more from you.
and the USA hasn't?
@jodotcom well all Americans want fair elections. Yet Donald Trump is just happy loading his cabinet with Putin Supporters
Yes, they are, and there MUST be bipartisan resistance and opposition.  That's how America is supposed to work.
Thank you, Sen. Graham for having the courage and patriotism to speak out.
Aren't you concerned about this???
No they're not. They don't have to. People like you are doing a pretty good job of that over here.
was anything the so-called "Russians" untrue.? What if the WAPO had released the true emails?  Okay then?
Shut up.
Please help us help you stop it.
@JOBoomr @SenateMajLdr @realDonaldTrump And Trump/McConnell have aided in that. #Putinspuppet #russianhacking #TrumpLeaks
Americans giving them hand in doing just that!By giving Trump pass on fraud &corruptions &Presidency!Fill his &family bank!
@dwaynecobb No sir its Donald Trump
Let's see some proof.
Please show me that there still are some good, committed Congresspeople there who want to cooperate to protect America.
Thank you for standing up for America. 

Sincerely, 
A Democrat
you're truly backward & a frustrating person to understand. Selfish! We've got an outsider inside DC & u can't handle it
Truth matters. Link to petition asking Obama to release results of Russia investigation.
The truth of Clinton corruption was exposed Pity you'd kept covering it up
then do something that's why you're an elected official
@SheWhoVotes  and you want us to believe it isn't a Trump win they want. You can stop now. Not buying it.
and they're not alone!
they are going to destroy the United States. Feel bad about supporting him now, Mr. Graham?
now, with that, why would they want Trump? I think their Russia's motive and Trump's cabinet picks should make clear...
please stand up for USA and put your partisanship aside!!! Critical time in our history & you don't want to be on the wrong
No, that would be George Soros if you need additional information try Google!
Russians have averted nuclear war twice. Google it.
Remember what happened when America jacked Japan into a corner? This time will be game over. Maybe 3rd time unlucky....
Sir, thank you for your patriotism now please do something about this. Our very country is at risk
Tiresome Cold War rhetoric that regresses the human condition. This shit didn't work first time,why flog a dead horse.
America is trying to break the backs of democracies – and democratic movements – all over the world. Hmm works too
@cherokeesher2 so why is america letting them install trump as a Russian loyalist/puppet. America is comprised with trump
the election of 2p16 were not free and fair. Does democracy have the strength to call for new elections?
will the left and the right stand up and vote hillary in as we know she won. Will anyone do the right thing?
america is no longer america as you are at war with an enemy that took over your government.
if you are planning to investigate stop trump now as u have no idea jlhlof how much he's been compromised
the American people deserve to have a right to defend themselves against foreign power and occupation.
while washington is slow to don't he right thing trump is installing his Russian controlled team.
let's ask ourselves what did @GenFlynn transmit to russia from the Pentagon with his secret Internet
PUTINS BITCHES...GOP
.@LindseyGrahamSC 

Leftists hate Russia for abandoning Communism, whats your excuse?

My guess, because Putin doesn't pander to gays
.@LindseyGrahamSC No, that was Soviet era dipshit

I don't see the word "Alleged", you got evidence?
Russia is trying to break the backs of democracies – and democratic movements – all over the world.
Follow the money. Trump is dangerous and cannot be sworn in!
China & Russia want to rule the world
you lie!


What is Congress going to do? McConnell has already shown his loyalties are to Russia, not us.
Thank you sir! You are on the right side and that is the truth. History will show your efforts.
@rpachter :You have had enough investigations of Hillary, when do you open an investigation on election, Trump & Russia?
Gonna guess you'll still vote to confirm #Tillerson for #SOS. Your passive concern about #RussianInterference is funny.
Now Lindsey wouldn't have a corporate agenda would he chuk
If we allow this to continue the USA is no longer a superpower - do you want that as part of your legacy?
@dem2119 Go get em Lindsey Graham! America is depending on and looking upon your Leadership!#Resistance
@MariaLiaCalvo well he's your President Lindsay
.@LindseyGrahamSC Agreed. So are you going to stand up against #RexTillerson appointment? #CountryOverParty
hmmm sounds like what America has been doing the past 30 years to line the pockets of corrupt career politicians like you!
And what better way to do it than from within.  Rust belters, shake off the iron oxide and see the real DJT.
TY for being a true patriot Wish there were more Republicans like you @medicaljoe
it's a shame that you need a villain to feel relevant. He does nothing different than we do, get focused on our country
Trump is a threat to our democracy. You can't see the forest for the trees.  #notmypresident
Soros should be investigated as well for inciting riots, upheaval, and possible upcoming Civil War!
What are you going to do about it?
Stand strong, sir. You, @SenJohnMcCain, and @Evan_McMullin are the GOP's only hope.
@BiancaJagger http://ln.is/gov.uk/Y6WDS   UK sadly has a criminal record for atrocities worldwide ...
@BiancaJagger This may be true but maintain a balance : http://ln.is/www.bbc.co.uk/news/X3iiE …
then DO SOMETHING
forgets Clinton rigged election. Graham has no concept of Democracy past 3rd grade history
I couldn't agree more Senator.  Thank you for being the one shining light on the right.
Weren't you one of the #47Traitors who signed the #Iran letter?
Lol nobody with half a brain takes all the russian hate seriously
Proof?
we need true patriot like you to fight this with Dems in the Congress against Russia undermining our democracy.
@haacked Russia? Really? And what about USA influence in Brazil economical and political crisis?
Trying? Helping Trump win basically means they succeeded.
I never thought I'd agree with you on anything but on this bs with Russian interference I do & applaud u 4 not rolling over
and YOUR party is right with them, bc you are ALL just henchmen for the uber rich
