No need Sir they are reading Hillary's emails no worries
Corruption must be a top US & International Agenda's, hopefully...
we heard what Kane said. WHY do I need someone to adjust the message to tell me what Kane was trying to say?
So why did Hillary Clinton not implement this intelligence sharing already.  She helped to create these issues
they're just trying to "prop" up Hillary. Pun intended
This just in......
this dude & Kaine r misleading the ppl & that's dangerous. & I don't recall anyone saying not to share w/allies
Well if we had any allies that might work. But Obama's allies are those trying to kill us
,watch this guy! He lives in LaLa land!
PROBLEM: Most think Obama's allies are the terrorist. Kind of a problem to share info with them don't you think?
And which allies actually trust us? I wouldn't if I were them: I don't trust US. We were told we can keep our...
NO that isn't what he said&U don't get2nd chance2re speak right?After all U quoted DJT1st thoughts not retraction
If we do share intelligence let's make sure they are allies. First we need to make sure our intelligence is right
When do we hear the FBI dropped the ball AGAIN
Who are really on our side?  Our borders need to be closed for now.
NOW being the key word.  But it won't be.  Not under Obama and not under Clinton if elected.
That's wrong. It's a global jihad insurgency. ISIS, Al-qaeda call on Muslims to attack and they do. @ChrisCoons @TarekFatah
Sen Coons mentioned the UN does the vetting, not the US??  We are not vetting refugees?  Why no follow up questions to Coons?
This morning U had a Quote"A New Norm" this is what Obama wnts U 2 think. No Real American thinks this Redic.idea
I was surprised that this congressman admited the Obama Admin is not vetting the refugees, but that the UN does the vetting.
thought for sure I was watching an interview on MSNBC or CNN! #SmallBrains #DishonestDems
Properly identifying those allies and which can be trusted should be the first priority.
Stupid!!!
During interview (not in clip) the Senator says we do "Significant lengthy detailed individual vetting." Show us.
There 's nothing wrong sharing intel to allies,  what about those allies r corrupted & not respecting human right
so that's #CorruptHillary response to protect us. lame and useless
my question is r they sharing with us at the same level?

Horse Puckey! ! We've heard it all by now folks!
how would us sharing our intel with others stopped what happened in NYC?
We need to erase the process of being political correct in intelligence and call it by name regardless!!!
The question here is how much intelligence can Sen. Kaine share before he runs clear out? For sure not much!
Turkey is not an Ally! Not since the Dictator for a Caliphate took over! Learn to tell the truth! Not Obama Truth

if sharing
Of intel is so important, and it is, why havent we been doing it before now?
Sounds like we just start
this interview had me talking back to the tv. I'm with @kilmeade
you should notice that since we withdrew from Iraq & Afghanistan we have had more attacks here
Oh Lordy, Coons drank the Kool Ade.  What a clodpoll.
No he is wrong. The Clinton's are going to get many Americans killed. You don't share info with the enemy
we have always shared intelligence w/ our allies. We need to take the fight to them
your appearance was full of taking points and word salad.
Pisst hey world TRUMP IS NUTS 
.@foxandfriends @ChrisCoons #
Disgrace to America.
The man speaking is an idiot who bashes Trump for wanting to protect the USA!!!
@Veteran4Trump @foxandfriends hillary is a very flawed candidate
attitude is pro foreigners shut up racist americans. He isnt the right guy for his job
Politicians who don't like Trump I guess Trump doing something right No one Trust Politicians Surge that's it??
Stop! JUST STOP WITH ALL THE BULLSHIT!!!!!!
This politically correct guy seems more apt to defend foreigners an blame @realDonaldTrump than protect americans
Have we become so immune to this crap that we now downplay it?Both parties need to get together and fix this
who are the allies of Sen Kaine?
Ha...if Brian leaned in anymore when Sen Coon talked about immigrants, he'd have been in his lap.
is it just me or does anybody else smell something fishy with these bombing sand what the left is saying ?
No guns used recently? Now the left wants a "few attacks" to be normal. We never had this problem before.
Ypu mean Timmy KKKkaine?
this politically correct moron just put people at risk telling them nothing here, move on no evidence of ISIS
that's like #47 in the book of Political Babble & Responses,  word like bi-partisan, ongoing, study, blah, blah.
jack-ass
What happened to our own intelligence. I thought America had a great intelligence agency?
another soft pussified dem.  Deflecting like they all do.   We dont give a damn what the rest of the world thinks
