Many #DREAMers are hard working & tax paying, have served in our armed forces, or graduated top of their classes
I have met young people in DE who would be hurt by ending #DACA - #DREAMers who I know firsthand work hard & care about our country
Sponsor the Dream act 2017!
Thank you, Chris!  I do, too. Please work as hard as you can with Sen Carper and all your colleagues to fix this travesty.
You've got six months to make it legal - less crying, more legislating. Aka your job!
thank you for fighting
Thank you so much!!
: DACA supporters that I spoke with during the campaign, do not think a woman should be President. They voted Trump!
You can also leave with them. #Cya
Allowing Illegal Aliens into our Country must STOP.  It is almost to late.  Using "children" to further that cause is WRONG.  You are WRONG.
So you want to just keep kicking the can instead of addressing the issues that exist with US Immigration Policy.
Donald Trump is reestablishing rule of law in this country. Dreamers ate criminals who have stolen opportunity from American kids
In the meantime have accomplished NOTHING for Delaware & are disrespecting our laws, Senator. Stick to doing your job
DOCA wasn't meant to be permanent. Pres Obama stated that himself. 

I dream of people seeking a better life entering USA legally No Xcuses.

Then help them to get legal..
and we all stand for the rule of law and encourage Congress to do its job and fix this. Stop pointing the finger at others.
Senator Coons, I'm with you. I stand withe dreamers.
If you mean this, why are you not a cosponsor of the DREAM Act? We need action, not more political blather.
Where's the bill you introduced to back that up?
THEN IMPEACH TRUMP! ACTION NOT WORDS!
big deal, draft and pass immigration reform, that will mean something
As you should put congress to work to kill this nonsense
U do that!
Do you support DACA (Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals)? Then come out today at 6pm at Rodney Square-1100 N. Market St., Wilmington, DE
Me too. Our country is great because of immigration not despite of immigration.
It's great because of LEGAL immigration. Why should they move in front of those who are trying to come here legally???
Thank you
Will you be merely standing with every #DREAMer or actually doing something to help them? Act now, #Tweet later, please.
Please make this a top priority- must protect dreamers. Need to do it before deadline
YES legislate for the Dreamers senator!!!
What are you actually doing? Are you bodily placing yourself between the innocent young people and the ICE agents? How does this Tweet help?
I'm sure all the poor and homeless children in our state will cheer you on. Shame. On. You.
Try standing with citizens and legal immigrants for once.
You must stop the Racust Republican Party!  This is an outrage!
So you stand against the LAW!
Good - that means YOU will now do YOUR job & pass immigration reform!   @realdonaldtrump
Do something besides Tweet. Please.
So you stand against the rest of us. Noted.
Then you should be deported along with them. You're a traitor to America if you back DACA which is UNCONSTITUTIONAL.
Can't imagine you standing with all the disadvantaged American youth dreamers.
well, since you also stand with Bishop Malooly I guess your standards arent so high.
Words mean nothing. Especially from nation's "leaders" who DO NOTHING. #ACTorShutUp
You'll need to do a bit more than just stand with them.  
us unemployed black VFWVets need help also
Exactly, but Coons would rather give our resources to ppl who entered the nation illegally.
Thank you, Senator. Please do all you can to defend DACA!
DACA is unconstitutional. You choose illegals over Americans? OMG
DACA DESTROYERS on HILL, MEDIA & RICH DONORS - Some hiding in the Bushes See Website Details - WEED WHACKERS UNITE!! https://www.plotagainstdaca.com/network/#graph 
Enforce our laws
@SenateDems We prefer you stand with the Constitution.
Something Coons took an oath to support.
Will you work to fix this travesty? Talk is now useless unless Congress acts.
Of course, my corrupt neoliberal elite establishment warmongering Senator Coons stands 4 Corp. cheap labor that harms American's

Then CONGRESS should get busy & deal with immigration reform - stop blaming POTUS.  @realdonaldtrump
Step a side these Dreamers are Adults
AVG age 26 not Children.
The day dream is over 
They need to get  line for Citizenship
Earn their way
do you think dreamers attract hurricanes
