Hillary couldn't recall anything. What difference does it make now anyway? But Sessions needs aggressive investigation. Talk about conduct!
BS to him
Seriously. He is damned whether answers or not. This despicable clown had his mind made up well before hearing began.
It didn't hurt holder
Get off these investigation  and start working on the real business for the  country.
LOL. Lame. The World is Not Flat. Get over it.
Oh my goodness! Please my friend focus on working for American people pretty please. So much more going on .............................
Sorry but the senator has no idea what he's talking about. Sessions was within his legal guidelines to not answer privileged conversation.
What a bunch of garbage...witch hunt cont at taxpayer expense at whim of l8bs
Enough!
The Democrats hate America.
Not if there is a Dem prez, House & Senate. Then it's Nirvana.
We had that the first few years of Obama. Nothing to show for it
Why don't the media and dems ShutUp if this was about Hillary media and dems would not say anything.
How about we do an investigation on this guy's behavior? Tired of this.
Only yhe demoncrats hav n issue with all Americans!! We we're so close to this very same environment! Thank God for president Trump,
It seems no matter what's done by GOP, Dems will push back and try to take out the President
Please stop interviewing idiots (with all due respect) who push this narrative. There is no Russia collusion. Stop wasting air time!
Wow! General Beauregard gets to keep his job without giving Trump a cabinet-style blowjob. He did, however, f**k our democracy.
You should keep your arms spread so they can't get the net over you.
He did Great!  Look at the way that witch was asking him, I would refuse questions too! Your sad Greta..
Uggggghhhh!!!! Stop already!!!
How many more shootings and hateful acts before you nuts stop spewing hate???
BS once U dems got a special counsuel U knew it took precedent.  Now you act like, Oh look they won't answer R ?'s. FAKE grandstanding.
Coons is a snowflake of extraordinary proportion!
Interested in your take on guests comments about Sessions
That's our Chris! Yes!!
Hahaha. So the fact that Dems looked idiotic and didn't get what they want make @ChrisCoons lose his hair
seriously this is pure and simple harrassment
I can hardly wait to watch him turn red with anger and lose it again!
it shouldn't he clearly stated 100% there was no collusion with Russia. Stop the obstruction. Focus on agenda
Mr Coons.....  how about your Fla deal ??
Another partisan hack that you give airtime to and you wonder what happened to your fans
Bad night for liberal media. Got nothing on Sessions. Talking heads just rambling incoherently . Losing wearing down CNN, MSNBC.
Witch hunt
Coons in la-la land, as usual.
What horrible people! Purposely destroying America. Man your tough.
Y'all interrupted his every attempt to answer questions. You don't want true answers. You've already sent answers to your fakenews outlets
MSNBC please go far away
Mr. Coons, you are wacked! You just can't accept this Pres along with your cronies. Get over it! He won, he's OUR @Potus  President!
Maybe it is time congress get back to work finding technology to block Any country trying to hack not only voting machines but all computers
They should be ashamed of their witch hunt
The Democrats do not deserve answers or further opportunity to waste America's time.
didn't here squat from Sen Coons when it was Loretta Lynch meeting on tarmac.  We need to get rid of all the partisan hacks, what abt USA
Since when is it the business of the US  Senate what the President said 2 Atty  Gen when there is no evidence of a crime? Sep of pwrs.
Horseshit
Do you ever cover anything other than #WildGooseChases @greta ?
Good! Sort of like a paraplegic continuing to have people throw him into a pool so he can swim around for a while.
Why not investigate the Obama adm for not being aggressive in fighting the Russians interference after all it began under their noses????
oh the mid terms can't come soon enough! If the Democrats can't care more about the American people we vote out!!
This guy is just after headlines not truth!!
Anyone ever heard of Attorney/Client privilege?  Sessions is atty to POTUS as client.
Why don't you go back to work! Stop the party BS.
Seems the people on this feed are the true heros.  Not the media.
pretty sure the President has a right to confidential advice.
Sessions seems honest but stupid about campaign. Illegally evaded any questions about obstruction
Russian trolls out heavy today.
Show us just anything Russian, you have a nothing burger
I must have missed his calling for Susan Rice to testify. And they wonder why they're ridiculed. Stunning, really.
Just wait till the republicans win control of Congress... then this crap will stop
#ChrisCoons is an absolute buffoon!

Again Dems are only after Trump. They are going to use any means they can. It's disgusting!
Lol. You're not getting it. We are on to the playbook now. You can't keep saying Russia and expect us to buy it. Get back to work.
I think Sessions knew this would happen. He needs to get out and retire.
I think you need to listen to the whole testimony, not just this nut job.
That is all they do in congress 1000 in investigations & still nothing but dry holes, pretty much what Washington does.
Sounds like a threat to me. Is a threat of the US Attorney general appropriate?
Kinda what took from that statement.
A Republican *breathing* "will lead to more aggressive investigation of his conduct" by Dems
Don't think so
This guy needs a tin foil hat
American citizens are about at the end of their rope this needs to stop! This is not about the politicians anymore! Remember us??
Does Eric Holder ring a bell? This is a snoozer. Get to work Coons. Eliminate your "break". Think ISIS, healthcare, jobs, taxes! Something!!
This is beyond ridiculous !!!
Questioning the current AG about something that happened on Obamas watch.  Shouldn't the old AG be questioned? Last admin dropped the ball
If HC had won we would never heard the word Russian again.
SESSIONS DID A GREAT JOB
Really during the Obama investigations his people wouldn't even show up for questioning what a hypocrite democrats r just scumbags
U better go take that other position -this is a coup to destroy the president. He did great- do u remember every Dem taking the 5th?? Huh?
Oh man... sigh... yawn.
Coons misspoke..Sessions did not recuse himself from Clinton email investigation. Only Russia!
Oh, please! This was a total embarrassment for both democrats and the media that have been carrying this Russia-Trump 'collusion' story!
Trying to smear the reputation of a good man for political gain. #sad
Ridiculous! There's no crime, move on, get to important business, move on!
Really Greta this is the biggest joke of a witch hunt by the Dems. It's time to tell the truth even if MSNBC doesn't like it. Fake Hearing
Greta, your at  the bottom of barrel with your interviews today. Of course it's hard to get fair minded liberal
is Sessions senile?  He can't recall any meetings with anyone at anytime.  So, either he's lying or senile, the latter being scary for AG
Actually, both are scary for an AG. I think lying was the best guess.
@greta charges forward on giving platforms only to @POTUS haters. Typical @MSNBC tactics. Sorry to see she is one of them now.
Coons its over the witchunt we the people voted 4Trump u & ur fellow demorats are obstructionist we will claim those 10 seats in 2018#MAGA
Another useless hack. Guess he forgot Holder' s stonewalling that was a disgrace
U r a sad case of deaf & despicable. Embarrassment to our democracy, no matter HOW 1 looks at u. @ChrisCoons @greta @JaySekulow @DNC /DUNCE?
Dig yourself a hole to China ...You would not find dirt . Lol
Using taxpayers money on investigations that lead nowhere shameful
Please ask Coons when he & his fellow cronies wil get 2work on the healthcare bil he & his gang r spending taxpayer $ 4 nothing #obstruction
Shut the Heck Up! ENOUGH of the RUSSIA BS! IT IS JUST A DEFLECTION TACTIC TO NOT FOCUS ON THE REAL CRIMES of HRC OBAMA & DEMOCRATS!
Love Sessions. He stood up for himself. The DEMS are destroying our government with this WITCH HUNT.    VOTE REPUBLICAN
sessions was brilliant-firm-he's respected and a professional not to mention has integrity-get real and get a policy too
Going nowhere. Was never going anywhere. POTUS et all should stop answering questions and just state that they will leave it to ind counsel
Have heard? Trump administration secured the released of American stud and from NKorea. Media still obsessed Hillary loosing election.
I wouldn't answer one question they asked, I would say 5th.
It really looks like you have a tinfoil hat on and you should take it off
So far out in space.  #Resign
If Coons really thinks Sessions is a deceitful man in any way, his name should be changed to Chris Loon. Shame on the Democrats 
Enough of this Russian BS. Go back to work.
It should lead to arrest. If a witness refuses to answer (and doesn't plead the 5th or executive privilege), isn't that illegal?
Crazy crazy
President Trump is our President! Get over it Dems! Your candidate lost big time. Can't pull back the clock no matter what you do or say! 
He answered everything.  I was embarrassed by some of the questions asked by the Democrat senators. Why do we elect such idiots.
#TDS #HYPOCRITES #LM
What else is new?
Rice ? Refusal ? What a joke this is.
When will they stop this stupidity
If you want to remain credible, you need to quit MSNBC
Did someone forget  the Obama DOJ.. yep it all comes back around good for Dems then why not now?
O M G...these ppl are really wacko...
This is all BS From start to Finish.  The Dems have an agenda to destroy this president before he took oath.
Dems waking up in the morning, having a coffee will " cause" more aggressive  "investigating"
But they won't investigate Holder who lied under oath and was held in contempt
Forgive me if I'm wrong but Sessions VOLUNTEERED to testify. He was not subpoenaed, he doesn't have to answer anything, right? #Sessions
so they are going to waste four years on something no one can prove. What a waste of tax payers money.
When will the dems admit they started this false bs there is no there there!
He knows full well that convos between AG and POTUS can't be discussed publicly  willy-nilly. Disingenuous at best
We are so tired of the Dems, get over it!
#Resistobots would have called for "more inventive investigations" if #Sessions had bent over and spread 'em right there.
I am more concerned about North Korea. What a phony story Russia has become.
This thing is dead, there is no collusion, there is no proof. Each day, the liberal fairytale unravels more and more.
My God man. Do the people's work and stop the charade!
Greta...did you ask how he felt about Susan Rice out right refusing to testify? What a sham...do your homework.
What a lot of b.s.
Coons on a witch hunt. Dems see their power dwindling away and will grasp at straws to get attention to sow they still exist as a party!
Dems 'colluding' for a coup; that's what needs to be investigated! I'm really fed up with this circus; they all look like clowns
They don't look like clowns, they are clowns.
oh for GOD sakes these people will not stop until trump administration is over
Wow Session really made the dems look bad
These Democrats chasing lies are pathetic!
Yea ok Chris, the potus can fire the FBI director for any reason at all, stop the obstruction and do some work.
This is getting old..  Americans are getting burn-out on Russians.
#unrig @csthetruth
That's stupid.
Here is a news flash for the main stream media (get real)
This ABSOLUTE-NONSENSE is making Pres. Trump EASILY-Become The MOST FAMOUS Political Figure throughout All World History. It's Unbelievable.
This is WORSE than if there were Congressional Hearings & Months of Daily-Talk-Shows debating President Obamas Birthplace. (This is WORSE).
It Looks as if it's Almost "IMPOSSIBLE" for the Dems to find a Graceful Way Out. What were Dems SUPPOSED to do? Say, OK - Sorry we're done?
Funny how Dems see things Vrs Rep. Same questions same time 2 different view points. All boils down to your motivation. Is it party or Amer?
Enough is enough!!!!
comey way more reliable since sessions has such poor recollection
How about your Collusion with China for the Paris Accord!
All this Russian stuff happened under Obama.  Why is Lynch, Hillary, etc. being questioned?
What a load of bs. I've a feeling AG cld've been nads out b4 Warner & crew & Ds wld ignore 2 cont inv. RU is the Ds only play.
Only if Sessions said I'm guilty, I resign, Trump Murdered Kennedy, & was a friend of bin Ladin would they NOT do more investigations.
Meanwhile Lorretta Lynch remains silent after Comey basically said she interfered with Hillary Clinton's private email server investigation.
Lynch is in hiding. She Knows if she turns her cell phone on they can track her down and arrest her.
It wouldn't matter how the questions were answered.  The Democrats would come up with another excuse.  Where are the Dem's being ?'ed.
Wouldn't answer anything. "I only remember the things I want to, which is nothing Russian."
Greta please tell me you don't agree with this!  Does anyone remember Holder not answering any questions?
If Session would stop listening to trump his life would be better now he just opened up another line of questions that is going to haunt him
SMH Greta do they make you tweet this crap?
Will It ever stop. The whole process and country is broken.
Even trump haters I know see it for bullshit it is at this point lol keep going dems lol
I hope Coons remembers to drill Eric Holder for his refusal to answer ?'s in Guns fiasco resulting in body bags to protect Obama. Dbl stndrd
@ChrisCoons doesn't appear to have the brains God gave a fence post!
And more wasting of taxpayer funds for nothing. But that's what you blowhard do-nothing politicians do.
What happened to your collusion allegations? We are tired of this crap
That's a bunch of crap.
Greta, how do you think it looked worldwide to have the USAG claim to have never been briefed on the election interference?
Worse than not being briefed, is that he didn't even care to inquire #sessionsresign & seek help for his forgetfulness & lack of ethics
Omg will they ever stop?!! they just don't want the president to get anything done #obstructionists wasting time,-get to work would ya!
Give it up!! Start working for us who elected you Pass some legislation You Dems protest too much maybe you are hiding something.
Why do you give people like this a voice. Still no evidence. Tell Coons to quit wasting tax payers money and time
Yeah okay,  but it was okay for Fast \ Furious Eric to do. ...whatever...move along..
It's all bullshit and needs to end, country needs to work together to solve problems. Democrats not working with Trump is missing Thee boat!

Chris Coons along with Franken forget they work for the American people.We pay there salary.They are wasting our taxes
Can this farce get any more farcical???? #LiberalLogic #SessionsTestimony
