Are you quite sure? He's never actually paid a heavy price for anything.
Its something called proof, when there is none. You stop spending the Tax Payers $.
As opposed to when millions and millions of Taxpayers' money was wasted investigating Hillary? Like that?
Good Point. Except like OJ. She was guilty,
But there was never enough proof to establish that for people who aren't easily conned.
You mean like a dossier, that just happened to come through Fusion GPS.
No I mean like an indictment. A charge. A trial. ONE. One single fucking indictment. Christ they investigated her to the number of hairs.
Sorry but you need proof to go.to a Grand Jury. Where's yours? You have been investigating for 12-Months and got 0.
This whole circus needs to go the way Wringly Brothers went. When it's time to go you shut it down. Fire Mueller and Rosenstein.
Doesn't matter, Mueller has diminished his credibility significantly by hiring all HRC and DNC cronies. Findings, if any, meaningless.
@POTUS U have no right to threaten our POTUS who won in an electoral landslide because of all of us deplorables. U are a corrupt politician!
This theory is based on ... what? The heavy price he has paid thus far for all his venality and collusion?  Please.
See all that red? THAT IS AMERICAN PATRIOTS BACKING OUR @POTUS KEEP IT UP DEM OPERATIVE FAKE NEWS MEDIA..WE KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE.
Mueller should be fired. Rod Rosenstein should be fired. The federal statute & law f/Mueller as SC should be narrowed, period. U are a joke.
Really? The president has the authority to fire mueller
When he's laying the groundwork by ditching his most loyal guy and his subordinates. Hes going to do it and I'd guess before this Monday.
Is that a threat Rumpelstiltskin?  You and your Dem party leaders are the only ones to collude with Russians.
Thank you @jaketapper for showing off our "Small Wonder" 's State Senator @ChrisCoons so well!
Then we should hope he does fire him??

No, he won't. It's his right to fire this guy who's surrounded himself with hrc contributors. Do it now.
oh my! More Dems will hate him than now? Or the media will lie even more? SAD
GOP won't do a thing, or when he pardons crooks & gives cyber intel 2 Russia.
Trump couldn't get away with all this if powerful forces didn't see him asplaceholder for extreme right PENCE-don't expect naive MSM to say
He. Won't. Care. You guys keep operating like he's anything remotely close to logical or possesses common sense. He doesn't.
Get ready he may do it!
Personality of a narcissist @realDonaldTrump is to blame and threaten
Empty words
Serious question. How would he pay a heavy price? He already has the media and Dems against him.what else can they do?
No he won't the repukeicans will not do a damn thing about it except maybe say how troubled they are or how concerned that's it

Gimme a break! Coons is a partisan hack. If he was honest, & called Mueller out on his partisan handling of this, he'd have more credibility
What? Republicans will say they're very concerned and life will go on.
Nepotism & cronyism is killing us.
We need progressives running for local office!

Find a chapter
http://LocalBerniecrats.com 
Follow @LBcrats
Waiting for his Republican colleagues to join the chorus. Waiting for Godot. #partyoverpatria
what's a heavy price to him?  From his perspective it's worth it.  He will still be ... http://m.tmi.me/1fjdgF 

CNN continues its fall into irrelevancy #FAKENEWS
Will he though?
I wonder or will the Republicans fuss a bit, and then look the other way? No big deal, they'll say.
He should still fire the corrupt SOB.
Jake, that's a bunch of malarky!
Doubt it.  Sadly.  Nothing matters anymore.
Oh, please.   The GOP is in this thing up to their necks.   They're probably hoping he does fire Mueller before they all get taken down.
Couldn't Congress just reinstate Mueller? I imagine they would in a heartbeat.
Yeah, no he won't.
Does his Republican colleagues realize that?  Because until they do, exactly what price would Trump pay?
This is what is maddening. HE NEVER PAYS A PRICE. His brain dead supporters don't care and GOP to afraid to alienate that dumb-ass base
If DJT fires Mueller the MSM will go crazy and a few Congressmen will call for impeachment. Oh wait, they are already doing that.
Until Paul Ryan says it and means it . . . this means almost nothing.
Why are you trying to make sense of trump's ramblings?
I really hope he does! It'll be amazing. He'll be I'm jail quicker
Explain "heavy price" please.
Because a 2008 real estate transaction is related to 2016 DNC emails, right? @realDonaldTrump *should fire him if he goes too far astray.
 please let him fire Mueller! (I welcome the heavy price he has to pay) 
By the way, your lead in for the video says "followed" not "fires"... typical crappy job by CNN.
No one will have to worry about senate doing anything. I think if trump takes that step he will be answering to America  we won't be polite
I'm hoping that he plays chicken with this one. Let's hope he believes his own hype.
If it begins with:"Democratic Senator Chris Coons" nothing matters unless you write "House Speaker Ryan" or "Sen Majority Leader McConnell"
Real, criminal charges are the only thing that will cause a price to be paid.

Like what? Republicans will say bad words and then do nothing.
They will be "very concerned".
Mueller is doing everything he can to bait this action...
Nonsense. He would pay no price. He never pays any price, because nothing matters.
How many times have we heard over the past year, "Trump will pay a heavy price..." yet he's NEVER paid ANY price for anything.
The Russians are paying for everything
I'm no trump guy, but this is nothing but a witch hunt by @TheDemocrats based on no evidence at all.
He is bluffing like a freaking shit poker player.
LOL...heavy price with who? Democrats?  Who cares about that!  Fire him now!
I BET he Will
I don't think so.  Senator Coons does not speak for republicans.  Only they have the power
No he won't. The Dems will scream bloody murder but the GOP controls Congress and they will do NOTHING.
Hopefully once faced w/indisputable proof, which shouldn't b much longer, like GOP of Nixon will come 2 senses&impeach if not there's 2018
I'm not so sure.  The Trump Cult will come out in droves if they think they're under attack, and the GOP in charge will suppress Dem votes.
IDK took quite a bit of time before Nixon resigned It's hoped that 2018 will c a flipping of GOP seats From that point 45 ouster assured.
Another thing is that Trump is all smoke and mirrors and has gotten zero done.  Pence might be more effective, and THAT is scary.
Yeah not 2 happy w/aspect of him being in office either. Long 4 days of Obama in office when didn't awake 2 wondering what crap facing 2day.
@ChrisCoons should resign for lying about @potus being under investigation when #Comey finally admitted that he never was...#LIAR
nah.  so far anything goes.
Kinda like the price Putin or even the trump team is paying? Sorry America we don't believe you like we used too that's sad to say & see 
Congress forgets all these people work for the President, not independently.
No he won't. Republicans won't care
Important to note:he can't just fire him. There is a process involving legalities.
The Lame Stream Media promotes "Violence". DemoRats and their friends promote "Violence". Over and Over again.
When has Trump ever paid a heavy price for anything?
Wanna bet!
He will take that risk
Even Trump is not stupid enough to fire Mueller, although I am disappointed in Mueller's surprisingly careless approach to staffing.
1) you give DT more credit than I do. 2). I thought Mueller's staffing has been very thoughtful and on point with what we know.  Explain?
You c/b right about Trump. I'm not betting.  There are lots of fine investigative attorneys; no need to hire apparently partisan Democrats.
At the very least, Mueller's opened himself up to easily avoidable and possibly justifiable criticism.
If ANYONE needs to avoid any appearance of partisanship, it's Mueller, for both his own and the Nation's good.  Disappointing carelessness.
Trump should most certainly #FireMueller
Who gives a rat's ass!!!!
#SpecialCounsel Will become tax payer funded oppositional research lab for #DNC nothing else. @realDonaldTrump @seanhannity #MAGA
If he fires Mueller, his Presidency is effectively over.
No, he won't.
don't kid yourself, he will suffer nothing.  His idiotic mouth breathing minions would think it was awesome
Based off of what? Who's interested in holding him accountable for anything?
