Yet zero evidence.
What do you mean? He literally is on video confessing, nay, *bragging* to obstruction.
Exactly what are the criminal statutes at issue and what are the specific violations of those statutes being alleged?  I'll wait...
IANAL, but I know obstruction of justice is what got Clinton impeached, and would have gotten Nixon impeached too.
My twee was about collusion.  However, regarding obstruction of justice, take a closer look at Susan Rice, Loretta Lynch and Comey himself.
Ok. Done. Which obstruction do you mean?
Failure to cooperate, failure to testify, failure to recuse, unmaksing, leaking, meetings on tarmac...
This is just a list of Fox taking points. Nothing there has anything to do with obstructing. I mean "failure to cooperate"? WTF do you mean?
He should change the smoke like the Pope. Based on his mood swing. Right now,  the smoke is getting darker by the minute.
If you apply the same litmus test as used for Hillary @potus would be guilty of this and much more incl. racketeering, fraud, rape...

Echoing this fool makes you look like one also.
Wrong questions. Don't ask about LOANS, ask about EQUITY investments from Russian sources in Trump properties.
I'd say it's already a 4 alarm ! We are f_cked the longer this idiot stays in office... #TheResistance #impeachTrumpnow
The smokes coming out of your a**. Just like your words.
Not according to Senators Grassley and Feinstein, or James Comey, or James Clapper.
only smoke I see is that stuff you all must be smoking...you can 'investigate' a ham sandwich..
Putin's Pussy Grabbers Russian haunted house is on fire....and we haven't even gotten to Paul Manafort and the laundered rubles
Smoke from Press Corps; the fact that there is no fire is immaterial to the lefts propaganda you push
If it turns white does that mean we get a new president?? Pretty please?
The Clinton foundation must have burnt down by your standards
Why not ask about the context of the emails revealed not how they were revealed?
Follow the money - the laundering of Russian money that is
Corrupt media have been on a goose chase since since January. Reporters no longer care about objectivity & honesty. Most are activists.
Not a single shred of evidence. In contrast,  there was/is plenty of evidence about mishandling of classified info by H. Clinton & her staff
There wasn't early on with Nixon either. Even Hillary went on for years and produced nothing.
The President love to criticize and blame others but himself. Unfortunately, he believes everything he says. He's on his own bubble.
Like a tire fire 
Yes, R Lawrence. That explains why he won't show his income taxes!  It would have to be accounted for there.
Michael, the smoke coming from the WH is as thick and noxious as the smoke from Centralia Pa.
only in your world. ..the rest of the country is watching the news on @FoxNews  you guys are seriously in need of professional help for TDS
Still just smoke, billowing or not
And what are they going to do about it? @GOP
So much smoke I can't see the gun.

Tweet threat 2 Comey should just add 2 this, horrible horrible phony pres.! Nobody fires the FBI director like this unless guilty!
Do you still stand by your suggestion to "Give Him a Chance", Michael?
It's not the crime that gets them , it's the lies about the crimes !
what are we waiting for
When will someone in the press stand up like Edward R. Murrow and declare that the President shouldn't be ?
Full Stop!
As of yesterday, I now see flames
Does this mean they picked a new President (Pope)?  Is it Putin?
does that mean we have a new pope
And Republican leaders pouring gas on it while saying, "Fire? There's no fire."
Isn't it the smoke that kills anyway........not the fire!
Stop hanging on to Tin Foil Hat Faux Russia conspiracy theories & being paranoid about ever vowel and semantic -the Left is looking CRAZY
R's putting party above country are still acting like we're just electing a new pope.
Trump supporters: Do you know how investigations work? Do homework. Takes time, especially given the subject. Do better.
Coons is a NUT JOB!
Last time this much smoke at WH was August of 1814.  But it was done by British not the president and the Russians.
Why are some people blindly supporting DT but they were excited about Locking up @HillaryClinton ? Lay out the facts.
Cult thinking.
I  am a fan, but do not try to see both sides here.  Do not defend, do no try to see reasonable doubt where there is none.
I have yet seen one actual fact on what the Russians did to influence election. Not a naysayer I would just like to hear one fact.
Ever hear of Wlkileaks?  No one fact, overall influence.
So did the Russians write the emails or is it the Public should not know how the Democrat party feels about it's supporters?
There hasn't been this much smoke coming from the White House since The British set it on fire
Somebody better prime the pump to get some water on that
Nothingburger rides again!
Nah efforts to smother the fire before it became a blazing fire has failed and we now have an inferno
Sure alot of smoke coming out of your ears corn hole !!
Even if smoke is billowing out of the whitehouse isn't it still just smoke?
The man seems incapable of controlling  thought.. does that not play a major role in national security..
Ya think? Lol raging fire!
Trump admitted on TV to obstruction of justice. Impeachable. GOP does not care. Coons is a straightforward guy.
It would seem a lot more than smoke now...a bonfire is brewing! The spiral down is increasing! Keep it up Michael!
We should be seeing flames soon.  I knew it would be bad with him as president but this is more than I figured on
In America, public servants swear loyalty to the Constitution, not any party or politician! Republicans have lost their way on this bigly!
They're willing to sell us all out to advance their agenda. All because of greed.
Yes, and I believe Trump is rubbing the sticks. Pretty soon there's going to be spark...then fire.
Michael being a Philly guy I hope you can see right through this nonsense!
