He is doing publicly omg so sick of these democRATS spin spin waste of tax payer money
@CNNPolitics @ChrisCoons How many congressman does it take to screw in a light bulb? 535(once they stop with Russia!Russia!Russia!)
Yeah... Open testimony... Shielding from the Public... LOL.  Stop it!!!
Omg I called it lies lies lies
@ChrisCoons LIES says #Trump directed #Comey to end invest. No sir there was no ORDER like one #Lynch gave colluding w/ #Democrats.
Your courts have already ruled that an employer saying they " hoped " something would be done is considered an order. Ffs learn your own law
No.
Legal precident is a thing that Google machine can help you look up eh
Or, since you know where it is, you should just link your source...
The article mentions the case precedent...  http://m.nationallawjournal.com/#/article/1202789343259/When-Boss-Hopes-Employees-Know-Exactly-What-That-Means?mcode=1202615432818&curindex=1&_almReferrer=https:%2F%2Fwww.google.ca%2F …
…in that case as others I’ve seen it’s a veiled threat. don’t have that here. #Comey said Trump told him to invest. assoc. significant diff.
That's a fair argument. But id like to see how a judge would rule on that argument. But I concede you have a point.
Why don't you do some work for the people instead of this petty nonsense.  Dems are digging their own graves!
All Dems are doing is throwing anything out to prevent Pres Trump from doing his agenda and the mms is doing the same thing. Tired of it
Does CNN get anything right?
Seems that your usual speculation was just blown out of the water.......again!!
This should be easy. He will LIE all thru his testimony. Blame others. Someone with his background should have known better. I see the swamp
@CNNPolitics @ChrisCoons @potus The economy just got bumped. "It's the Congress Stupid!"
"may be"? What the hell kind of "news" is that? No wonder your ratings are in the toilet.
I wouldn't  trust him as far as I could  throw him.
Another loon. Blatant lie! He is asking for it to be public so the likes of you have to STOP lying!
Well... suprise suprise your assumption was wrong.
You mean the way Lynch & Comey "shielded" HRC from prosecution?
I think not
#TrumpTrain #MAGA #TeamTrump #MSM
No #coverup. #comeclean
By him being the one to ask for the ability to testify and asking for it to be in public? Yeah sure, try another one.
No u idiots Sessions said he wants and has been granted a public hearing.
So r u going to update ur false news reporting???
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE SOME OF US SENATORS UNDER OATH ???
Another testimony for term limits. #ResistRadicalLeft
Congress better have open hearings for public to see w/ AG Jeff Sessions! #GOPCoverUp #TrumpRussiaCorruption #Resist!
You mean you want to make a bunch of bs statements with no questions behind them.
I can feel the hot air from here - CNN is fake news
The only obstruction i saw for sure was lorretta lynch.
@jeffsessions I want to see for myself this corrupt little weasel squirm in the hot seat. Wondering what his doting family thinks of him now
you cant teach an old dog new ethics
#FoxNews #reuters 
Comey did not pan out so Dems & media starting another false narrative 2 spend more of taxpayers money. #stopdemsnonsense
I am sure he doesnt want to lose his job. All TPs cronies sacrifice integrity for money. Just following DONTHECON.
Honestly, what politician wouldn't in the same position? I can't think of any.
Of course. He's got something to hide. Less people hear it, the easier it is to sweep under the carpet...
No question! This should be a public hearing!
This is un-American if the attorney general is conducting illegal activities it should be delt with openly. Quit protecting administration
His testimony will be publicized.I guarantee that.
American taxpayers have a right to hear it all; we pay their salaries, Americans want the truth! Put Comey, trump, sessions on stand 2gether
So the guy agrees to testify before the senate committee and he is trying to hide something? He wouldn't finish before the leaks started.
Session testimonial will stop the leak that perpetrated the Russian cloud in the Ist place,the transparency kills consultancy level suspects
If sessions want to do it... something is up! He's a sneaky little man!
CNN loves the deep state swamp dwellers on their program.  This is pure lying and Bull Shi!.  Wake up people.
Sessions will resign first b4 he testifies
Not really though... People blow it off all the time and nothing happens.
Oh New Day Alyson you found new narrative to run with Comey said DEMS Fake News Network reporting on this issue is ALL false oops
Noise
John Sununu didn't just try to Pull the Wool Over Alisyn Camerota's Eyes (about Trump's guilt) he tried to pull The Sheep Over Them.
Everybody was so exited about Comey talking,  but this will be the real bomb.
At least he's willing to testify. When will Lynch?
MUELLER WORKING BASED ON COMEY & CNN LIES!
MUELLER MUST GO
Oh shut up. Where the evidence.
at this point any politician that even says the word Russian Collusion just looks stupid.
Let's embarrass a man on rumors , let's waste taxpayer money investigating rumors because we can't accept election results
Sessions should testify behind close doors there are thing he can't discuss in open settings. Comey different cause he a leaker
Or he may want to actually be able to answer questions
Should check the white house microwave to see if there are tapes
Why worry? Congressmen couldn't keep anything secret to save their souls.
@CNNPolitics @ChrisCoons @CNN why he is ashamed of the American people?
Who says he wont?
Maybe?  Is this speculation rather than fact that I'm hearing?
https://twitter.com/LFighters_/status/874232176098848768 …
SAY THAT AGAIN
HA HA HA HA
This is the real story of May
LOL 

Comey testimony
Ha ha ha ha 

Here you go again, selling guesses as facts.  "He may be"
LYING NEWS CNN REPORTED COMEY WOULD GO AGAINST PRESIDENT!
CNN LIED FOR 3 DAYS TO THEIR 20 VIEWERS
Blatant lies and corruption. 
The FBI IS a joke.
We will see a lot of closed door sessions not for security but what they did against our security.
We need to clean house from this mess.
He's got nothing to hide look into Loretta Lynch she has got plenty
Hr should have the guts to do it in public what has he got to hide
Really? We would have never guessed!  
#SessionsMustResign
Of course he is!
He's accountable to the American people. His testimony should be public
Where is the story on #comey #lynch #gov #Corruption
$10M of tax monies, seven investigations, 2-3 years later yielded NOTHING. Now need to focus on RECENT AND ACTIVE crimes by those in power
Fake news
that's like the news on 'President Trump might try to block Comey testimony"? You really need to polish your lies!
sessions already lied under oath & only came clean when he got caught, once a liar always a liar.He will just lie again until he gets caught
My thoughts exactly on Dems
My thoughts on ALL politicians.
There you have it folks, a firm but split "may be" from CNN sources...
He'll lie
In all this chaos where is Bannon? Why isn't he being called in!
So what? Comey shielded some of his testimony & sessions is the acting AG. No smoking gun here CNN it's normal protocol
Ridiculous. It would be distorted and then leaked by the Democrats.
This admin has zero sense of public service. They work for us, the American people (even dems!) and owe fealty only to the constitution.
Your not worth servicing
Seems obvious doesn't it? Trump admin has made it clear they don't give a damn about optics.
he could be concerned with information tied to the Comey Criminal investigation of leaking documents and prior actions
Mueller, Comey's mentor needs to recuse himself his relationship with Comey disqualifies him from presiding as Special Counsel.
“One of the reasons why so many Democrats are genuinely unhinged is they believe the BS that passes for the news every day.”- Rush Limbaugh
