Ya, we should stick to the wonderful foreign policy of red lines and reset buttons that made the world so much safer.....NOT!
Trump didnt do anything.. He shot useless tomahawk missiles into the air to make money off stocks he owns in Raytheon. He didnt hit anything
It sure as hell got the world's attention! Unlike that useless pussy Ovomit who made us the laughing stock of the world. Lol made money....
Ovomit is the best insult you could think of? Don't reproduce Sir (although it may be too late for you)
ugh... ovomit?  it doesnt even make sense...  an insult is not throwing the first letter of someones name in front of a word..
Ovomit: meaning most of us were sick of his policies and the constant suck ups from the the media fawning over every word, and no reality
have you listened to Trump in the last 48 hours? he sounds like he has dementia.. they are playing videos from 10 years ago he isnt healthy
The thing about Trump is that he congress from a business point of view not a political view. He is very cunning and throws curve balls
Meeting Kim Jung Un is not embracing dictators. Only the outcome of the meeting can determine that. Be rational in criticism
Like you are congress is commenting genocide own our country with healthcare. Pot calling the kettle black don't you think GOP
That could be as bad as selling uranium rights or making nuke deals with the mullahs.
Shumer hack
OBAMA had fascination with world dictators and killers, and low lifes, like really!!!!
Trump acts like an autocrat. He needs to go!
Noooooooooo.   Really ??
like castro/ Iran/chavez?
Por que no se lo dijeron al Obama que se abrazo con todos los asesinos que les dio la gana y uds calladitos,aguantones.
Luckily your not President so let him make the decisions on what's best for national security.
Under Obama we stood with the Iranian mullahs, Hugo Chavez & his successor, Cuba, the Muslim Brotherhood, & ISIS in Syria. His concern then?
EXPEL Trump/GOP for organized CRIMES of climate denial, fossil fuel pollution, racism, misogyny, bigotry, lies, corruption
CNN I a joke
Coons is a joke
No it doesn't going around on apologize tour does
Con Man Trump!
Please tell Trump as his heroes appear to be the dictators of the world. He seems to be a poor judge of character.
Ya think?
Democrats do it all the time
Talking to Kim Jung Un, is like trying to talk to Ghangis Khan! A wild animal is soon to be unleashed!
we need 2 c Trumps taxes he's hiding his true agenda and motives...the sleez lies so much truth doesn't exist!
If it didn't mean "certain nuclear vaporization" a sit down between Donald Trump, POTUS - and Jong Un would be some good fuckin TV!
Wait just a minute. Didn't Obama meet with Castro regime.
Trump has sense enough to meet with him and try reasoning with him. The more we stuff him in a closet the more he will try to get out
Standing by and embracing is NOT what the @POTUS said, he said he would meet him under the right circumstances.
So what did you say about Obama meeting Castro and Chavez. Oh that's ok. Castro didn't even meet him at the airport. What a huge dis !!
Guess he forgot about obama going to Cuba
We are where we are due to at least 8 years of all of you brilliant talking heads that did nothing !
Odd,liberals have always loved communism and dictators
Oh you mean the way that Obama embraced the leaders of Iran and Cuba? @SenCoonsOffice
It looks to most of us that you just lay in the ditches and wait for any statement that you can twist around to serve your narrative.
Being diplomatic is part of the job.It's okay for BHO to embrace Obiang, Biya, Jammeh, Hun Sen, Raul Castro, Bolkiah to name a few dictators
Yeah because we been so secure the past 8 yrs. under Obama. All these know it all's, and Country was in worse shape ever before Trump.
Understatement!!
Amen brother....Testify!!

@POTUS not "embracing" any dictator. Making common cause with governments re N Korea. Coons says 'long term" NS bc he cannot prove his view
Or, it could help our long term national security.
If embracing a dictator branded as such leads to peace, then the end justifies the means! Think about it! Embrace & save lives! @GOP @XHNews
That's why the people elected @realDonaldTrump - He thinks! And therefore he is! @BBCNews @china @PutinRF_Eng Let @POTUS decide! Go 4 Peace!
Our long term national security is seriously threatened when all communication stops. There is NO hope for negotiation if there is no talk!
Didn't Obama stand by a dictator in Cuba? I sure didn't see this guy complaining then.
CNN become more complicit every day in moving trump into D(ictator)OTUS.
I agree.
Donald Trump would probably say the same thing about Hitler if he was alive as he did for Kim hyung-jun
@ChrisCoons @CNN duh
Empeachable!
Go chase the shiny ball!
you can't embrace them, but do feel free to bow and scrape.....oh, and pay them off.
#DoYouThink?(sarcasm)
Corrupt CNN Boycott
Who is embracing dictators??
Just another example of MSM bullshit. You can be evil and be a smart cookie. You can evil and a great leader.
Trump cares nothing about National Security, he cares only about himself and his Russian Sympathizer buddies and his rich friends..
Seriously what dictators did Obama deal with
Totally agree, why can't Congress do anything, sorry forgot this is the worst do nothing Congress ever

I mean, think about ?Coons is probably right the dictator of North Korea is much more honorable than our own dictator
Really @ChrisCoons - Obama embraced Castro! You are a very stupid man
Hypocrites. Why didn't you say the same thing when Obama went kissed up to Castro's? When Obama went to Cuba & betrayed America? Hypocrite.
CNN again taking the story negative #fakenews The President said under the right circumstances Where was all this negative with Obama??
Peaceful talks beats war...
Where was Sen Coons when obama played with Cuba and Iran. Oh wait he's a democrat never mind he's good with it. Fake news by government hack
@IvankaTrump ... proud lol
Dems are complete morons. Obama, Cuba, Castro, dictator.
Good luck in getting 45 to condemn Duterte! He's not going to do or say anything that could disrupt his business in Manilla! Conflict of int
But not when you embrace the dictator Castro in Cuba.
Ya think?
Has Obama not embraced Cuba Dictator?
What does Coons call the Saudi government
We have a God Damned dictator in the White House! Well he thinks he is! He's actually a shit ass that other shit asses follow!
what a load of crap.  We're not "embracing" dictators.  Perhaps a different strategy since last admin failed miserably
Warmongering
Yeah...
All this CRAZY FOOLISH talk from trump is just something else to Deflect from his RUSSIAN ties investigation Dont Let HIm Keep PUNKing U
One dictator knows another one. Trump's a junior at this so for sure he idolizes Kim Jong-Un. It's a family legacy for him.
Trump got jealousy erection when he saw all kim jong uns missles parading in front of million people he wishes he had at his inauguration..
Just gonna leave this right here.
And you stood really quiet and continued to support Hillary who took 25 million from the Saudi dictators
Please, someone in government needs to stop this guy, he's going to get us killed. His adolescent remarks never stop.I know you are,what amI
Oh. I thought Trump said he would mate with Kim Jong-un.......
BS -Let Trump do his thing. This is his forte'
Can't a pres be impeached 4 loving all these dictators, schmoozing w/them in WH/MaL golf rounds? THIS IS NOT NORMAL! They don't deserve it.
Like Obama did with the dictator in Cuba? They even took in a baseball game together.
GOP heads exploded over that one. Was yours one?
This FOOL Coons will let NK improve their Nuclear missile range without trying EVERYTHING to keep us safe
You mean like when Obama met with president Castro and they enjoyed a fun afternoon of baseball together? You mean like that? #fakenews
We've been allies with the Saud Family for decades. 
Obama brought in Mugabe and bowed to Saudi royalty.
Obama went to baseball game with a dictator.
It is like the media completely forgot about this.
I'm, sure Coons would prefer war instead.
No one says @POTUS has to embrace dictators, but can he not talk to them? They are human beings, right?
Where has not talking gotten us?
Remember when Obama was gonna meet Castro. Omg.. GOP heads exploded. Was yours one?
Not really. I try not to get emotional and run with predictions about meetings I'm not involved in, lol. Obama got my vote the 1st time.
I'd rather dictators we can deal w/and influence with time like in China instead of taking out the dictators and having to deal w/terrorists
Trump undermines our long term national security.
umm keep ur friends close and enemies closer learn The Godfather nerd
http://trump2017.weebly.com/ 
