Thank Mike Pence. Also, these people...
Didn't realize that Obama hired him for the national security position #duh
Trump hired him and it's his responsibility to vet him #duh
But as usual all you can do is blame Obama so u go right ahead
Do not give up on the Trump Russia connection. Follow the money.
Seriously? Administration was "tight" with Flynn.  He had been in the inner circle for  a long awhile..what do you mean "you can't believe?"
They also let fraud @SebGorka in the situation room. He couldn't even get a security clearance in Hungary.
But your good with Susan Rice having been in that room. Just saying Flynn didn't cost us any American lives.
Stop deflecting. Flynn's lies & Russian collusion have nothing to do with Rice.
The difference here is I will call both out Flynn should be gone but Rice lied about the video & Andrea didn't call her out.
You know very well what she said about the video after the Embassy attack didn't kill anyone.
Not sending in a QRF did that and we know who did that & you know very well the video was not the cause of that attack she lied about that.
You implied she caused people to die because of what she said about the video-a blatant lie.
If people on the right and left can't agree on anything we will just stand around arguing and getting nowhere. Neither side is perfect.
True, & that's why we are in this mess now.
@Ahurastan @ChrisCoons funny how everybody is worried about Flynn but no worries about Hillary and top secret info mishandl
Even the best con men get scammed themselves sometimes.
I can't believe you haven't updated us on Hillary's emails yet
Hillary and Obama are old news and not relevent.
I can't believe Obama made him National Defense Director - incompetence?
Mitchell is a biased news reader - no journalist
Well these are extremely arrogant people. They just figured once they were in the White House they were untouchable.
The same Flynn his party cleared?
Don't forget he was the head of the DIA in 2012.
What's unbelievable is how full of actual BS U are. You taken more bribe money from #BigPharma , DuPont & foreign govts than 10 Flynn's
I can't believe they let you on the air.....your bias makes you a terrible journalist.
What nonsense.
This from man who thinks it is okay to destroy subpeoned classified evidence in your basement.
Ineptitude.
You enabled Trump, while going after Clinton. Oh, by the way, Obama FIRED treacherous Mike Flynn. When are you going to mention that?
Hey libs, pay attention. Flynn was vetted and given top secret clearance  by obama admin. Had been vetted andcleared before trump election!
What about Obama letting him serve in HIS Admin & incidents happened during & after Obama Admin?
This is Trump you're talking about, not a sentient being who cares about or understands anything.
I can. WH is full of idiots
Shows just how stupid our leader is was
A little overly dramatic don't you think? He served his country honorably for many years. One speech and a $45k payment does t mean squat!
Are you kidding me? He was giving DT all of his personal briefings and who know what he told him?! Flynn advised DT!  He knew all secrets!
They let Kusher and Ivanka in a situation room
Beyond reckless.
And he'd still be national security adviser to Putin's Pussy Grabber if he didn't get caught
i can't believe they let Trump in there
I am a Disabled AF Vet,in a Chair til they decide to do something for US that are the Forgotten Ones.
They're all in it together, why not??
What's not to believe - Russia's been all over the Trump inner circle. Has news reporting suddenly become tone deaf?
I can't believe that any news outlet would let you near a camera.
"I hire the best people."
Maybe someone should have vetted Trump.
well, Americans can't believe the @GOP let @realDonaldTrump get in the WH...
Some election sound bites that, sound good. Can come back, & bite us all, in the AS-! REPUBLICAN HEALTHCARE PLAN!!!
Why? They're all in it together?!
$$ #TrumpRussia $$ #Putin
Didn't he have at least a TS/SCI/SAP, too? Or was his clearance so "stratospheric" that even its nomenclature was classified? Stop the buck!
I can't believe we have a TRUMP administration.  #ImpeachTrump
Now they are covering up for #flynn ! This WH is corrupted
But didn't you hear @jasoninthehouse ? It's Obamas fault
He wanted to sit next to Bannon who also does not belong there
#judgment
I can't believe ppl elected Chris coons
now finding out that, doing so would put them back to, having "nutin" & or sumtin more expensive!!
No, our gov cleared him. Dirty laundry out for all to see 
Now that the evidence against Flynn is convincing, (R) MOC are minimizing WH collusion to admit only to poor vetting. Latest talking point.
I can't believe they let ANY of the Amin Near the situation room.
And now. This healthcare debacle. All these people who cheered, getting rid of the 1st BLACK POTUS healthcare plan, simply bcause it was his
The entire Trump administration is inept!!! Believe it!!!!
and you all praised him, including you. Now you are doing same for Trump's "savior" kids and son-in-law
You wanted to elect a crooked liar criminal president @HillaryClinton
BELIEVE IT!!! His family is, running around the world. Talking policy wen, they haven't even been bought up to, even notice everyday policy!
It should be noted again, he was FIRED by the previous administration.
I wonder how much INFO was passed on to RUSSIA
Or the nuclear codes...
There's a lot about the Trump administration that's hard to believe.
Neither can I....an American tax payer!
Gross incompetence
It's birds of a feather, Andrea Mitchell. Nothing else to it.
