HE LOVES CAMPAIGNING..LOVE THE CHEERS..BUILDS UP HIS EGO..lol. lol..this Bully needs attention...SAD!
this president doesn't live in reality been proven liar,  he not the president!
don't talk that way about la bamba
I haven't seen that. I've seen the left struggling to keep up with this administration.
agree the commie left is in a tail spin
Nice to see such loyalty to Trump as his cookie crumbles in misguided strategies & his money laundering past catching up...

struggling? He  has sunk so low there is no climbing out. He has no clue what he is doing. It's just a charade to him.
He struggles over EVERYTHING and his mouth is getting him nowhere. Keep pissing judges off and u won't win a thing
If the liberals, including. Obama and Clinton wd act like they have sense wd b different.
Ummm @ChrisCoons I believe it's more of a DJT transition to reality @CNN @NewDay - He's dragged @PressSec in2 this alt-stupid dimension
the problem is that he does not want to transition..he thinks he is a dictator rather than a servant of the people!
obama spent 8 yrs campaigning!  throwing himself parties,ruling by UNLAWFUL EO'& dismantling constitution @POTUS already done better than O!
He's not struggling, he's doing a belly flop into a pool full of rocks!
:  Obama did it for 8 years Senator Coons!
That is what happens hen you send a BOY to do a MAN'S (or WOMAN'S ) job.
because he is STILL doing lots campaigning and precious little governing.
if yo mofu people get out the mofu way maybe he coild
#Trump ‘s only agenda has always been self promotion. That hasn’t changed. Will run the country as a tv show
. Sadly this is true. The Orange One's greatest role yet. Bet he expects an Oscar 
yet so far he only gets a Razziebut he still makes a great  #THANKYOUTRUMP
typical create roadblocks and negativity and then say he's struggling broken record
He never did transition. He is still campaigning
CNN Fake News.
You folks and cnn are always wrong in the end.
because he had to constantly waste his time fighting the propaganda leftist opposition party news media
Understand this may be foreign to politicians-both are one in the same-following through with his campaign promises
which is why @DevinNunes suggested we go easy on the poor guy...he's not used to being in politics. 
All Trump cares about is attention and praise
Hell, he struggles with the english language. What do you expect?
What you didn't know or omitted purposely is that the rallys yesterday were funded by RNC and meant to be rallys.
@POTUS44 never did...
0 for 2 with Muslim ban; health care going  down tubes. Lyin! @realDonaldTrump is fast becoming Loser! @realDonaldTrump
@realDonaldTrump is struggling writing a decent executive order. Top of his class my ass.
Trump is so gone that just like he watches TV the world also watches his. Action and words.
still!!  54 days!!!
Libs had no problems when Obama did rallies
obama held policy speeches, not pep rallies.
Agree. Trump loves campaign mode. Not so much being president. A lot of his fans are still campaigning as well.
Funny, Obama campaigned for 8 years. No problem with that, though?
FAKE NEWS LYING media & Democrats doing everything they can to UNDERMINE President Trump & America!
UNDERMINE WHAT?HE HASN'T DONE ANYTHING, BUT BE DIVISIVE..NOT PRESIDENTIAL AT ALL..JUST A BULLY..SAD!
trumps not struggling. Makes those dumb ass lying statements to keep everybody off balance. He's off to Florida
US President Trump is not struggling. It is the obstructionist in Dem party causing problems. Hope US sees & votes
PLEASE DEMOCRATS ARE NOT THE PROBLEM..TRUMP IS HIS WORSE NIGHTMARE!
all Congress is problem 8 yrs no balanced budget- 20 trillion in debt- congress needs to work together
He's right.  He has rallies so hundreds/thousands can cheer him on.  That was the "fun part" for him.
that's hilarious Obama never stopped campaigning you hypocrite
Agree.
And Coons is struggling to be relevant. #doyourjob
Fake news , Clinton lost the election . Demos are exposing themselves .
Dishonest media
President Trump is struggling w/ Attention Deficit Disorder! The onset of Alzhimers! & disillusion manisftations!
Really? What gave it away? Oh, that's right. Everything DT has said, done since Nov 8th. #sad
he does not know how to govern
No one I trust more than Democratic senators to give me the honest rundown of the Republican president
DEMS HAVING HARD TIME TRANSITIONIMG
.@NewDay @ChrisCoons Sort of like a fish might struggle to live on land.
No, Trump is a narcissistic, paranoid, meglomaniacal, obsessive compulsive.  This is who he is and he is not changing
No Manchurian Candidate President is struggling with Attention Deficit Disorder!
because governing doesn't feed his ego. Not all in gov't have drunk the kool-aid.
Just like Trump's supporters are struggling to evolve from shit-flinging monkeys to human beings.
What a joke. He's done a tremendous amount of governing in less than 60 days. Immediately went to work.
with all of the negativity and incorrect Information being put out by the MSM, CNN- very wise of him.
Wrong!! He gets his energy by speaking directly to the people, and the optimism and positive vibes in the venue.
No crap!
CNN is the CIA deepstate representatives
Trump's job is to protect America/American people. He is a strong, good man & will never give up
A lot of obstacles have been put in our Wonderful, Brilliant  Presidents way but he is a winner & will succeed.
Coons nailed it, that's why DT keeps going to rallies pd by his political camp., he can't be Presidential for real.
Struggling? He's going down for the third time. We'll all just watch the bubbles from the surface. #Resistance
that is a absolutely true statement Dumpster needs presidential speaking classes
He isn't transitioning. He doesn't want to and can't govern, so he campaigns. Period.
trump speech biased to promote his lies about America. SHAME is we got to this place where folks believe him.
SHAME is the 8 yrs of OLEADFROMBEHIND
Every day is a battle against the obstructionist brain dead left. They keep on they're going to get us in big shit!
#fakenews @POTUS is thanking his supporters and not going on a world apology tour. #weLoveTrump #BestPresidentEver
I guess Trump should just do nothing. I wish he would bring in Israelis and Germans one for one for every Muslim ;)
thanks KKK for that statemenr
battling is becoming a way of life working with this administration, not because he won but implementation of policies.

: Constitution enforces President Trump , but politicians , News Media , and Activist Judges say : So What ??
