More government is bad government
The overall idea is good but some of that does bother me.
It's a terrible idea. But at least he got a democrat to go in on it with him. Bipartisanship and stuff 
 we will disagree on the idea part.
Why you wanna be so wrong ?
I'm wanting to be realistic.
What would @AP4Liberty do?
If we had that kind of government I would be right there with you.  We don't.  This is not more government, this is redirection of it. 1/2
Low-income?  You mean what your party is tearing to shreds??!   Gop doesn't care about low income Grow some and stand up for your citizens
Please explain?  Define your complaint
You get so much better press outside the actual state you represent. Maybe you should speak to your constituents
He gets better press in lefty media, he has abandoned conservatives to virtue signal with the left. In Fla we see this turncoat DC creature.
why not propose bill for low income disabled on ssdi..h.care in addition to medicare..m!
Cool
Thats what is needed more education, less crime, less gangs less drugs
Twenty trillion in debt marco. Do you care? Solution?
Need one to defund institutions that do not stand by 1st amendment.Don't fund students at those institutions & provide more to inst that do
I wish more of these bills also supported vocational schools.  We are about to see mass retirement of skilled laborers.
The party of treason pretends to care about college. How cute. https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/867878720916381696 … #NATO #russiagate
"Probably the single most destructive act that the western alliance, in the history of the alliance."

—Bob Kerrey on Trump's NATO speech 
We see how Dems respect colleges like Berkeley, you know, burning and destroying property by your masked stormtroopers
This seems like a good start
You give them a saving a checking accoj too? Dude. You don't stop! Thank for Christie crushed you in New Hampshire. #panicbutton
As far as I know, there is only one school that teaches diesel electric locomotive repair, for example.
not the gov'ts role to expand access to low income students. That is a job for charities, not gov't.

Y don't u discuss CBO score on trumpcare u a spineless coward #countrybeforeparty
Because the CBO for Obamacare was so accurate, right?  Here drink some more Dem koolaid
What about the middle class. Always about the rich & poor. 3 kids in college at the same time. $300,000 combined in loans! Hey remember us?!
Rubio is going progressive leftist, he sees the middle class as a cash cow for his political ambition as he becomes a creature of Washington
What about middle class gettingcrushed !!
How will you do this in president trumps budget?
If you really want to help, start speaking out about the damage trump is doing to democracy!
Bipartisan.  Awesome to see two sides as one
Too bad it would cost money. GOP doesn't support anything for the poor. Introducing means nothing.
Given the job market too many do to college, what about job skill training? Trade schools? Ever think of asking employers?
buenos dias. Venezuela hoy es el pais que para mucho era el pais donde se podia vivir hasta que llego @NicolasMaduro. ►►SIGO
It's not your money.  You took over school loans and now this?  Where are the high school trade classes like when I was growing up  up?
This should be in all newspapers in all states. Low income high school graduates should be able to go to college if they choose
More handouts keep dreaming#get s job cupcake
BOYCOTT! @Budweiser @budweiserstage @BudweiserUK @BudweiserIndia @budlight @BudLightEsports @BudLightCA #budlight @housegop #RESIST @dnc #rt
Mr. Rubio: First, you should introduce a bipartisan bill for AMERICAN CITIZENS students to pay less than dreamers!
Spineless that is you.  You didn't win because you have no soul.
You're the best!!
Congress should find a way to support trade schools. Many are not suited to college. 3.5 M manufacturing jobs needed next 10 years.
Sorry Senator but the Delaware press is a Democrat Rag. Respects to you this Memorial Day.
Don't tell DeVos!
"Access"
Not enough
How about covering a town hall for your constituents. Can't stand the heat can you little Marco?
FISA Court:Obama lied and illegally used NSA to spy on millions of Americans for yrs., violating their 4th Amendment rights.INVESTIGATE NOW!
How about that #trumprussia traitor you are trying to normalize?  Which side of history will you choose?

That can't be possible Republicans are hearless & don't care abour the poor (according to the Liberales who enjoy power & $)
As long as the taxpayer doesn't have to also pay for that too
Why not start with gov't student Ioan forgiveness?  The military already has a great college access for low-income.
Thank you for supporting affordable education for our children and grandchildren. "Knowledge is power!"
And what are you going to do to save public education?
Let Betsy DeVos destroy it.  If there's no free colleges, free college is available.
Instructors/Professors and Owners need to be overhauled and/or changed out, so Campuses can be Safe, not Training Grounds for Liberals!

@BarackObama understood the DANGER #trump causing #America. #russia #putin #kislyak #lavrov #election2016 #PROPAGANDA still going on! #rt
Nice, Senator, suppose you tell us all about it in a town hall?
Thank you!
Merit based, I hope.
Crook
@marcorubio defends #trumpcare #ahca cutting #MedicAid #foodstamps #WIC from #23MILLION #Americans.#trumpbudget #TAXCUTS4TOP1% #IMPEACH! #rt
I thought Betsy DeVos outlawed public education.
USA MUST STOP Printing Money....there is no more money for giveaways
I don't think Trump will like this.
Did you think it was Kushner?  We did.  Many more will be exposed.  Your derelict boss will go down.
That's awesome! Now let's help these kids that have outstanding federal and private loans. And those entering college!
What about middle income students?  The rich and poor get evrythng while middle class work daily for them.
Have you ever been poor, unable to to put food on the table when your employer lays off an entire plant? Have some compassion for the needy
Kids with low grades don't finish college, help them with trade school. Check comes=1/4 class gone.
Not impressed. I don't want to pay for someone who really does not want to learn. This is a dumb bill
College should be based on high point ave. not income. Kids need to work to become deserving of higher education.
You are such establishment #RINO scum! Every post you ever make is self-serving and self promoting! #LittleMarco time for you to go!
Not necessary - stop college gouging and wasteful spending
Good luck Trump won't allow it.
we’ve seen this all b4; it’s just another expansion of th education status quo
“Gov’t growing role in higher education causing higher tuition …each additional dollar in FED aid causes 65cent hike in tuition”
How about Health Care Marco. Are you for throwing Granny out of the nursing home
@BernieSanders @jaketapper @ChrisCuomo  the cheaper education is, the lower the crime rate will be. Help us the poor to be somebody.!!
Every low income person should be all over your misguided notion. Plumbers, builders, electrical workers unite!
Great! Please come tell us about it at your town hall! 
@ChrisCuomo @jaketapper @SenSanders Please listen to B. Sanders and his plan of free college. It is important for the good of the country
Thank you for tackling so many important issues.
@jaketapper @ChrisCuomo  Marco, you are one of the few good GOP left. Please keep it up and make Miami proud!. Keep common sense alive!!
You are out of step with the president you endorsed, who wants to gut student college aid. Schizophrenic GOP for sure. Unhealthy. Sick.
Hey Marco, how bouts we include all persons who ,make the grade. If your school doesn't teach correctly, then allow transfers.
Sellout!!
Love your innovative approaches to problem solving!
That's the sort of thing that has lasting effects on society. More education - less crime and drugs etc. it's proven to work.
More kids could go to college if, the schools taught properly. No school today teaches moral, discipline, or basic studies.
As a public school History teacher for 33 years and a Christian, I disagree.
Went to school at private military and Catholic high school. Nebraska university meteorology degree(I paid for by working)
My Point! Kids of rich parents not able to get financial aid. I didn't use my parents money. I worked for everything. Now I have knowledge!
You went to private school
No, taught public school as a Christian
I put up signs all over Orlando for you ! Please roll up your sleeves, ask tough questions, & support our Great 45th President. NOW
I like how you PROGRESSIVE REPUBLICANS are so charitable with OUR MONEY. #NOTMYGOP #STOPLISTENINGTOSMARTPEOPLE #LISTEN2RATIONALPEOPLE
Fix the 20 trillion debt & the 100 trillion we owe to future baby boomers social security and Medicare who are starting to retire in 2016.
How about help for middle income young adults trying to pay off loans Greater than 10 yrs ago
Delawhere?
Check out @funder to see where some of Marco's monetary donations have come from
Senator please ask US authorities to go after chavistas living in your country with Venezuelan people's money.
NOT Government's job Marco. Read the damn Constitution #STOPLISTENINGTOSMARTPEOPLE #Listen2RationalPeople #NOTMYGOP
Marco Didn't Know You Where Friends with the Russian's. Comment? #trumpleaks #trumprussia
#IndependentInvestigation #Election2016 @potus @vp #putin #russia @speakerryan @gop @housegop @senategop #devinnunes #flynn #resist #SEO #rt
THANKYU,Marco,#1
Stand up to Trump, Marco.
