Hey everybody, Turn OFF ABC and tune in to TRUMP TV! #MAGA
1) Ind Counsel needs re-enacted permanently (always used if Prez or AG might be part of investigation;incld oversight r/t abuse-whining).
2) there's >than firing that's at Rosenstein's authority who's under 45's authority. Unethical, corrupt setup sure to have problems. Fix it!
Chris Coons is just another losing liar, he and george can swap lies
It's about time Washington grew a back bone.  Let's get some order back in the WH.
George, George, George....give it up
Turn on Faux News Honey!!!
Chris trys to get some trouble started1
I e wwwist
Stop obstructing justice!!
I just saw you LIE on GMA, Sen Blumenthal claimed FALSE VALOR, you FAILED TO MENTION THAT

That was a lie the first 10 times you said it. The only "bi" you accomplish is bipolar.
Better question is how fair can he be with Comey as a good friend; lawyers he has hired all Dem supporters?  Look into that will you?
The same ethical code that guided Jeff Sessions to recuse himself should govern Mueller who should resign.  Huge conflict of interest...
A Better Way to Protect Robert Mueller. https://nyti.ms/2uAQdnv  cc: @SenThomTillis @LindseyGrahamSC
Hey George! How much money did you give Hillary??? Nuff said!
Disgusting witch hunt. Illegal!
Bipartisan action to ensure he had someone other than Democrat donors on his team would have been nice.
Sure he http://will.GOP  has their dream come true in DT.Rosenstein on Fox, Muiller has to clear it w/him to follow $$$.
Investigate Coons! His adult family members tried to get adopted by Gore so as to get his money!
Mueller's past politically motivated actions (carrying HEU for example) and coverup of said action, should put Mueller behind bars FOREVER
"See the whole picture"
We do see the BHO/HRC #DeepState in action. You are a key actor. #FakeNews colluding to protect Mueller COI
YOUR BOTH JOKES GET OVER IT THE AMERICAN PEOPLE SEE THE FRAUD
You guys R STILL on 'Trump's numbers are low'. Remember when U were lying and said #CrookedHillary would win?
Can that legally happen @GStephanopoulos ? If u can, pls let the masses know
What is Trump's defense for firing him?
Debbie Wasserman Schultz the story doesn't exist in your mind!
President Trump didn't say anything about firing Mueller, Mueller has nothing. our tax dollars hard at work on another witch hunt.
Oh 45 will fire him. That's a given. Just you wait and see.
Dear George, pls stop interviewing lying @KellyannePolls on @ThisWeekABC. She has no credibility, nobody wants to watch & yes,you slayed her
And you believe Maxine waters, chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi are believable?
All you desperate leftists want Trump to fire Mueller so you can say look he's hiding something. Right? The left is in a desperate situation
on what grounds??  what a bunch of crap!
Hey Heorge why didn't you talk about this today? http://www.americanthinker.com/blog/2017/08/wasserman_schultz_spins_fairy_tale_about_fbi_investigation.html#.WYXJ1s6p5e4.facebook …
why are you so bias against this administration in the White house? Tired of your cheap shot style of interviews. #fixisin
The Trumpsters hate the Truth!!!  Go George!!
Get  back   to  being at  least a little less   biased and hopefully a little  more professional.
that  post  that  you  wanted in  the Clinton administration.
is doing something wrong, George just made it easier. How about doing your  job  objectively and professionally George? You  will not get
difference from the Grand jury  for  Flynn. George needs to   protect both sides of this issue. So far,  he only protects Mueller and if he
one already existed. How can we be sure  Mueller did not do it just to make sure the make up was pro   dem? It appears that is the   biggest
may matter, but shouldn't an objective media person  question it? 
George   has not discussed the suspicious need  for a new grand jury when
Can he be objective and unbiased with that and his  relationship  with Comey. Comey apprears to have violated numerous laws.  None of this
George's unprofessional bias, he has not discussed the make-up of Mueller's staff. Why did he load it up with Clinton and
 dem  supporters?
This segment was typical of the biased ABC and the George Lying Team. Most of the questions went to the dem of the two.  To this point, in
Trump is not fit to be the President cause he doesn't want to cooperate with the investigation he started by colluding with Russia & all
Comey told you NO evidence of collusion which is why media is dropping their Russia coverage.

Educated Trump voter?  Those 3 words should not be used together!
The press and congress better watch their steps, ppl spoke on 11/8, you ALL better start listening!!!
I would like to see the @FBI question George Stephanopoulos regarding any knowledge he has regarding ChinaGate. Sometimes small ref. Add up.
How about "Rehiring Mueller"and RETIRING TRUMP. Even GOP has to see how POMPUS is weakening the US.VON CLOWNSCHTICK should not be President
Do GOP senators finally begin to see the seriousness of Trump's compromises w/Russians? It's about time, before we become a Russian colony.
And which compromises are those? Even dems admit he has been harder on Russia than Obama was. Did you like Obama's off mic comment that he
Let's face it George Donald Trump is a bully and strives on being an antagonist and self-righteousness so if he fired Mueller, do you really
Why wasn't the entire exchange between Acosta and Miller shown on today's show? Didn't want to show Acosta get his ass kicked? Deceptive BS.
A slap on the wrist would not be OK.  @congressdotgov needs to show they have  a #backbone .  So far very little.  #resist #indivisible
Until that happens no one will know if Congress will take bipartisan action. No one was sent to jail for the Iran-Contra deal. #TrumpRussia
I sure hope so
They have already stated that there is no discussion of firing Mueller. Incendiary?



Another day of Trump Bull Shit!   20 seconds on twitter in know I'm not watching your show
Coons is a nut job A want-a-be somebody and is a nobody
George you continue to site Potus approval poll ratings are low . If these polls are as accurate as the ones during the election there BS
The most accurate poll we have to go by was called the election . He had 46% of vote
Do whatever you want treasonous Fluckers! Stop trying to legislate away Trump's Constitutional Authorities. Trump WON, get over it!
Muellers been paid to find something make up something. but i feel sorry for all Dems if trump is removed. id leave us i wouldnt want to see
And why is that? Are you going to physically assault Democrats?
Well Duhhhh they have it all set up to frame trump and it would mess things up so theyd have to get him back fast not to lose anything
This is beyond Russia now I'm betting there's 3 or 4 investigations simultaneously. So brace yourself. Government is doing since 2016
America is falling fast it will be gone in the next 20 years bet on that.to many skank Dems who love money above any thing and anyone.
It fell during bush years man.Economy  I wanna say in the 80s even.My parents came from Cuba in1960s bought a house 2 cars for under 100k .
