Thank you for being a caring, reasonable adult in this situation where others are using it to make points!
Mrs.Giffords made points after her own near death situation and she still speaks out for sensible gun laws and thank God she's able.
While I disagree with her often, many are trying to make points now, she responded with caring. I respect that.
Too soon?
Waaaaaay too soon.
That reply only ensures that nothing will ever happen. Ever.
Within the hour is too soon. Once the living/dead are accounted for, and tended to, then debate. Tend wounds first. Debate second.
Great idea, so long as there isn't another mass shooting in the meantime. Then it just becomes "too soon" once again.
Buts its because of the leftist hate spewed by you and others  that cause this type of violence. You act like you have no accountability
Huh. It's like you missed Trump offering to cover legal fees for supporters who committed acts of violence at his rallies. Which they did.
You are so brainwashed by MSM. Those violent acts were hired by Dem operatives. there is video proof of that
Prove it!!!!  Show your damned proof. I'm sure it's as crdedible as Alex Jones' theory on Sandy Hook.
Lets see: Griffin showing bloody severed head...the New York play about Trump getting killed...Antifa attacks..Lynch calling for....
bloody fights in the street
No, the HATE stems from the vitriolic Trump speeches.
Our prayers go out to all those involved in this horrific attack today, and their families. And also ALL the 2017 #MassShooting victims.
Interesting data and also sad that we need "mass shooting tracker"
I thought the same thing...
Also, "far left" are not "liberals", any more than "far right" are "conservatives". Get past that divisive crap.
No, by the commonly accepted meaning of those words in political science.
For goodness sake, block that troll and move on!I can't see what he's saying anymore: by your response he's deliberately misunderstanding.
@bmambwe2001 God bless her
Thanks gabby
God Bless you, today and every day !  You are truly an Inspiration !
Hey @katiecouric, why are you retweeting @GabbyGiffords when your #FakeNews is a big part of the problem? #Alexandria #alexandriashooting
@verizon This is TRUE Katie. Does Verizon support this message? If so, then I need to find ANOTHER provider!
.Today, Capitol Police are hauling off disabled people without their wheelchairs b/c they protested Sen McConnell. #HealthcareBill
You really do not give a crap.
Perhaps now the GOP will understand there is no room for assault rifles outside law enforcement and military.

Always vigilant
Who is they?
To bad it was not her
you're a squishy hole filled with excrement and sickness. #too bad not a hand grenade.
Amen!
They did not support you.  We will never forgive them for that.  The Sandy Hook deniers are deplorable.
You are thicker than molasses on a winters day in the arctic! Look up proudboys and you'll see it wasn't just the left.
such nastiness is unwarranted, don't be an embarrassment to the GOP
I agree US Capitol Police are heroes, but your former colleagues could have done something that might have stopped it, they deserve this.
Political violence is never the answer. We fight it out at the ballot box, not in the streets.
Maybe if we basically didn't have unfettered access to guns, this wouldn't be a problem. Ya think?
Well considering muslibs do 99% of all shooting in this country it's easier to just ban libs and gabby gifford was shot by one of her own
See you're a part of the problem.  Be a part of the solution.  Make a change.
I will be part of the solution make no mistake about that right along with millions of others
I meant in a positive manner. Your thoughts suggest otherwise which is horribly sad. You've been duped...right along with millions of others
Can we talk about gun violence now???
Thank you Rep. Gifford and God bless you! <3
Agree! But is anyone talking about GUN CONTROL? The Capitol Police only had hand guns the perpetrator had a higher caliber gun. Hello GOP.
Is she gonna blame this one on Sarah Pallin too...
It's time to recognize there is a problem
Is your heart with the millions of people who will lose their health care because of the GOP swine?
when are we going to become civilized nation again!  Words make violence ok.  Welcome back to the "wild west" only now we have guns of war
Hi dear

Classy as always 
Sending you love Gabby 
#NeverEnableTheGOP #TheResistance #Resistance #Resistance150
Well said
Can sense the cautiousness of @NPR 'S reporting based on past experience. My thoughts are w/ everyone and very much trust y'alls reporting
As long as RepubliKlans and The NRA are sleeping together no meaningful Gun Legislation Will Ever Come Close To Fruition, NEVER !
They did nothing to curb gun violence when you were shot, they will do nothing now as well, the 2 gunmen were both white males. Focus there.
Trump: If Clinton picks judges, "nothing you can do, folks -- although the 2nd Amendment people, maybe there is." 3:23 PM - 9 Aug 2016
Remember Gabby?
 thank you, Mrs. Giffords!

Hey #MeganKelly ..are they making this up too ?????? Shame on you .. show a light ?? Pretty weak to the parents of the murdered children ..
No one should have to go through this for being a public servant.
I don't think Giffords implied otherwise?
I hate guns
There's no excuse for having a * Military Grade* Weapon like that on the streets that can Slaughter PPl in seconds like Sandy Hook. @FoxNews
So can a can of gas and a match
Bless you Gabby!
God bless... hate is no answer...
Stated perfectly. Thank you.
I didn't know until today that you had no security outside the grocery store. It's just not right, but I'm SO glad that you keep healing! 
Nice but why arent you saying the same abt SF and Brooklyn?
@realDonaldTrump Trump take a lesson from Ms. Giffords on how to write to ALL INVOLVED NOT JUST ONE PERSON
It is time for all of us to say no more enough of this senseless shooting that has taken many inocente people.
Gabby you have such a caring heart and continue to be an inspiration to me and so many others
Thank You Gabby for the only appropriate comments about the tragic shooting in VA.
God bless you Gabby!  
Gabby, time to stop the media that has been inciting this violence. It is time to stop the us against them! Including your anti gun group!
Why? They didn't give a shit about you when you got shot
Thought about your experience a lot today. #gunsense #GunControl
Men with guns saved lives
Men who are trained law enforcement. Nobody expects them to give you their guns. Sheesh
My heart is with them and with you. This must bring up your own trauma, as well as the horror of this moment. Holding all in my thoughts.
God Bless you. You are a gracious hero.
And to the true forgotten heroes.
Prayers for those impacted by the senseless attack on members of Congress. Tips on Talking to Children About Crisis http://bit.ly/2q7iDIj 
She will respond with care, but she will push her agenda. It was hate that caused this (D) lies about Russia. (D) making ppl crazy.


This is how we all should react. Stop blaming each other and work together to solve our; many problems. COMPROMISE
Sad what's happened with our country. I was in the USN during wartime & we have more hatred & fighting going on here than there it seems 
My thoughts and prayers are with all those injured in the shooting today. Violence is never the way out. #VirginiaShooting
Gun control NOW!!
We're thinking of you, @GabbyGiffords
everyone in GOP acts like this is outrage and never happened in history .. they act like u never happened
If your colleagues really cared they'd do SOMETHING about gun control. Instead they send thoughts and prayers...no cost/risk to them.
me before this tweet: "scalise is in congress, so maybe gun reform will finally be taken seriously"

after:
Scalise is one of the leaders promoting NRA unrestricted gun sales & opposing even the most reasonable gun regulation supported by 90% in US
Capitol Police risking their lives defending law makers who refuse to do anything about guns that put these police at risk.
Anybody want to consider banning asssult weapons?
If they played baseball with guns they would be ok now. (Things the NRA would say)
Maybe sensible gun control debate!
Thank you Mrs.Giffords!  A very important voice for this matter! God bless the injured today!
Yes
Please continue to address assault weapon regulations.
The Politibears say Bravo!  Five hunny jars for you.
You are one of my heroes. I am devestated by the vitriol that was directed to you,
Shut up, Gabby the gun grabber.
Mine too I hope you are well Ms Gabby we love you 
what about the majority whip who just got shot by democrat hatred
Shhhhhh, not helpful, accurate, or necessary.
salut

You are the one person I wanted to hear from today. Peace be with all.
Keep up the fight, Gabby. xo
Thank you for you uniting and heartfelt words.
This is why i am opposed to the 2nd amendment. Gins get into wrong hands and who suffers? Young children and innocent people. Ban all guns.
ARE YOU TRY TO HINT THAT A DEMOCRAT GOT SHOT NOW A REPUBLICAN NANCY.GO DO SOMETHING FOR THE COUNTRY YOU WASHED UP RESISTER DINOSAUR.
Not necessary or helpful.
Thank you!!!!
I thought of you when I saw the news this morning.
Thinking of you today, too.
And our are still with you.
bless your heart Gabby we are still fighting for gun control!!
Absolutely!
Le monde a besoin des hommes politiciens et administratifs pour lui gérer?
PRAYERS TO ALL 
PRAY THAT THE RIGHT DECISIONS
ARE MADE IN A TIMELY MANNER
AND NOT TO ENCOURAGE
NOR DISCOURAGE
SELF PRESERVATION
#StopGunViolence NOW
Republicans getting shot and/or killed by the guns they fight for and protect.. #SorryNotSorry
No one deserves to be shot. Your "SorryNotSorry" is shameful.
Let's see if they realize now that it happend to one of there own if we need to buy guns like that ,they should not be on streets.military.
Lots of of love to you, Gabby.
This is expected when you allow idiots like Kathy Griffin and the New York play of our president being slain
And the GOP still will not do anything about gun control.
Thank you for being a strong survivor. God bless you Gabby.
Beautiful lady. You're as full of love as ever, and showing more caring and empathy all the time.
I have deep respect for you.(to heck what these foolish people say about)You always be a inspiring model.
I honor YOU today, having been a victim of gun violence! Ma'am, you are still loved!
Are they really you two faced man one day you are calling session a liar and the next day acting like a saint
It is scary that the tension is starting to bubble over. I fear this is only the start of a terrible storm of anger.
Gabby, gun control should have happened after you. There is no excuse for this. Maybe GOP will listen when it happened to them? I doubt it
I do pray that the GOP finally understands that we need reasonable gun laws
You have a good heart!!
Absolutely. And congratulations on the new war ship name. Great choice.
When my mom called to tell me the news, she & I both thought of you immediately. You're a hero & so many of us are grateful & send love.
I have a safe full of guns and miraculously they have never killed anyone, it's not the guns but you don't care what the true cause is
Exactly....
Bless you, Gabby.

God Bless you & your family Gabby !
Gabby was shot and almost died and nothing has changed, in fact they have gotten worse! Republicans may see now that gun control matters.
I thought of you and your bravery today.
You have no heart.
You are such a good person. Although I am glad no one died, I mostly sorry about the staffers.
Maybe this will wake up the Republicans about the need for better gun control
God bless them all!
Ahh The Irony
Yes. And what can we really do to ensure this doesn't continue?
I don't see it happening in our lifetime.  Of all the people in the world, those who have suffered and the ones who think they have suffered
Amen
Well said!
voting works... killing is not on or should  not be on any ones agenda!!!
#EndComplacency #EndHate
As horrible as this is, maybe this will wake up these congressmen for safe gun control. My thoughts are with you.
Highly doubtful. NRA owns the Republicans as much as Russia does.
Leftwing? If so this would be 1st. More likely mentally ill & got hands on gun purchased legal.  sad
Of course not.  But I don't think its a lefty or righty... Just a sickly.
Now that it has happened to one of their own again will they tighten up the gun laws. I doubt it very seriously
The public goes through this everyday with Republican politicians terrorists selling guns to nuts and Amer terrorists.gun nut
Terrible. 
I'm sorry but this is way too soon!
This is sad news everytime it happens. Maybe now congress will enact serious gun legislation.
I think your husband should run for Senate.
Thank you for your calm voice and heart felt empathy.
.@kathygriffin  @KeithOlbermann  @BarrackObama Congressional Baseball Game shooting is on you.

#TheResistance breeds home grown terrorists
You are out of your mind
Yet it's true. 
Check #JamesHodgkinson  social media accounts Maher, Maddow,  Comedy Central fan.

Posts read like they were written by CNN
Thank you, Ms. Giffords for your strength and compassion. You continue to lead by example.
I hope yet another gun assault tragedy, this time a @GOP victim, changes minds on the Hill to change gun laws in this country!
And to think Republicans are still  against banning military style weapons for civilians, maybe they'll reconsider after today @JoeNBC
Yes, former Congress women Giffords, you know how it feels.

Exactly! I knew right away that he was white, bc trump didn't attack Muslims or call it terrorism, which it is! #gunsense #Alexandria
I knew he was white when it was revealed he was initially taken into custody alive.
All republicans should be murdered
Congressmen should of had their own guns. More gun control is laughable. If someone wants to kill, a knife can take down just as many.
Too many guns,
When will you speak out against anti-GOP derangement that condones assassination and violence? #Resist = Hate.
Resistance isn't hate. No one on the Left has advocated violence. Quit politicizing.
@FOX5Atlanta. Shooting in VA shows the need for more responsible ppl to carry guns. 3 minutes-good. 3seconds-BEST
Gabby.. I also feel 4 U right now... this must bring back that awful day 4 u...we r politically opposite but u r still my American sister 
We love you, Gabby. You are an American hero.
It a bad thing when i have to put there. Life on da line for a bunch of lyers
There
She is my hero,she's very caring person.
She's one of my heroes as well. I just love her. She's so strong and so sincere.
Thank you for your service and ongoing leadership.
You are one of the bravest people I have ever seen and are an inspiration to all Americans.
BLESS YOU
Class personified.
onli spanis
You are a brace and classy lady! Keep up the good work...you get better all the time and still have A plus personality!!!!
