We haven't seen the truth from this administration yet!
Oops! Your racism is showing.
Again I demand an investigation of Coons for acts of sedition!
give up Coons you got nothing AG Sessions kicked ass! Accept that your party lost and move on
Judiciary owes the people a real investigation into lynch, clinton and comey cover up.  Sessions owes them nothing !
More interesting for me is the #TrumpRussiaCollusion So much interference and not answering questions I bet there is some juicy stuff.
Owes what, to cater to the lies of Democrats? Really, does anyone believe what the Democrats are doing, are you people insane.
Oversight of what?
Nuts!  Waste is tax payer dollars
I did not make that comment. I responded to it
keep the resist and hate movement going...u are inspiring all ur followers out there to hate and act w violence! oh how proud u must be!
if anyone owes anything it is the libs/Dems to the American people. You are only obstructionists while the people hurt.
Why you heard his answers does the judiciary committee feel left out and needs some press time. Get to work!!!!
ENOUGH already!!!!
There is no Russian collusion, so why are you still investigating nothing??????
#Sessions owes it to Americans to respond to questions and try remembering a bit harder.
Sessions owes his alegance to people and President not u domb want a bees. All u are interested in is your fascist stance bring down Trump.
Enough of wasted time and money. American people have better and more important needs.
Th Judiciary Committee oversees the DOJ. He needs to go and testify if not only to update them on DOJ budget/activities.
If I am forced to pay Trump Organization $3,000,000 EVERY **** weekend, Sessions can **** well answer to the American People about his acts.
Damn straight! Stonewalling,can't remember/talk about it,same shit last week
DOJ/ Reagan/offered any/all info.
Sessions read letter/no info
wahhhhhhh waaaaaaaaaa thats one frustrated bunch of dishonest losers
It's becoming more and more apparent there's no substance to the Democrats narrative on most everything. Please quit wasting tax dollars!!
DOJ is overseen by th Judiciary Committee. He testifies to them so they can ensure proper use of DOJ resources. Basic government.
Maybe I'm not understanding your point; I thought the entire government was funded by tax dollars. Basic Taxes 101.

Sessions claims that he did not know at the time that Kislyak was at the Mayflower Hotel. He's lying. KISLYAK SAT IN FRONT OF HIM. 
Wow. Must throw the BS flag on this one. This man needs a real job; something he might have skillset for. 
Y'all are going to go deaf with all these hearings.
@ChrisCoons do your damn job. Enough of this crap. I hope @TheJusticeDept looks at what YOU are hiding
Maybe you should call "feelya" Biden and question him!
BS
Enough is enough. Quit wasting time and money.
He doesn't owe Chris Coons anything!
Judiciary Committee is the people's oversight on DOJ. Make him testify.
Hey Chris, ask Lynch about her meeting with weasel comey. And bill on a plane.who killed Seth rich ? Why did hrc destroy evidence? Get real!
Dems are great at wasting time.......
Hear us loud and clear The American Public is sick of Collusion. #STOPALREADY
For what?
Dang.....more stupid..stupid
Enough of these stupid hearings. I thought Mueller was in charge of the investigation. GOP NEEDS TO SHUT THESE FAKE HEARINGS DOWN!!
@ChrisCoons The election is over. Stop the grandstanding & get the Dem party to work w GOP on behalf of #AmericaFirst l. He owes you NOTHING
He owes you nothing but he deserve your respect. Something Dems know nothing about. This Russian investigation is disgraceful.
Congress owes it to the people of this country to STOP these fake investigations!
If you actually watched his testimony today, any questions you have regarding his recusal were answered. Quit wasting everyone's time.
Chris Coins can go suck on a popsicle, your choice of flavor. Democrats need to do some real work and help the American people not themselve
WHEN ARE U IDIOTS GOING 2 STOP THIS! !!!!!!!##
Democrats owes it to the American people to stop the Russia,Russia,Russia BS!!! Nothing there!! Stop being A-'s!!
These guys are just fishing. Apparently there is no work for them 2 do 4 the American people. So they decided 2 stand on their soapbox  cry!
Coons is a extreme liberal - unethical, liar, - Sessions owes then NOTHING
You have nothing. You got nothing. He owes you nothing. This collusion bemoaning has gone to ludicrous depths
Why don't u people let sessions and other people who work for Pres.Trump do their jobs. They are trying to get work done for us.Do some work
This is an morbid event, that cost Us money to keep diversion from the real criminal o bama h illary soros
He made it clear, he was going to testify once about this and today was the day!
Oh please come and let us feel self important even tho its a waste of $. And there was no collusion and Trump can fire Comey just because
He owes u ppl nothing else and u Martha and fox news get off this horse. Enough
Why? Waste more time and money trying to find a Russia connection where there is none? Dems looking like fools
Why not encourage our elected officials to do some other work besides conducting redundant investigations.  Spend our taxes efficiently!
Not - no more hearings and wasting tax dollars - start doing something constructive!
Just stop....u r wasting our time u have over played your hand now take your ass home
No, he doesn't. all you want is to make commercials about your hard questioning of the Attorney General. He is far superior to any of u!
He owes you nothing. Stop grandstanding.Get to work on healthcare, taxes, infrastructure lets see real statesmanship.
Enough already!  Get over it, this anger at losing has gone on long enough & if u persist I believe u all need to forfeit your pay.
No. Enough of this obstructionism. DT is POTUS, now put your head down and get to work.
Once again it's never enough!!! You want you want you want! We want YOU to take a seat & zip it!
Chris Coons, Dem political hack, a lefty tool, yes man
Obstructionists!!!
I can assure u, he doesn't owe you ANYTHING
You want free airtime, do you think if you say something enough that citizens are going to believe it.Soon you will just be noise
these waste of tax payer money hearings need to end, dems got their special  counsel so we shouldn't be paying again.
Coons owes it to our country in which he lives to stop the lies & partisan politics, and move on making our country strong! Stop the Lies!
Letting a grifter charge our country $3M EVERY WEEKEND so he can golf and simultaneously market his properties is NOT MAKING THE US STRONG.
waste of time & $
Stop!  Stop! Stop! Enough of this BS!  We the people, have had enough of this charade!  Keep your ACTING on Broadway, not Main St!
Maybe their final over site committe would be a class on how to make Russian dressing
That will only serve to spend more of my tax $$$$$$ and Sessions will not offer up anything that hasn't already been said. So Coons should 
@ChrisCoons Novice? All Admins in recent times have done the same, grow up you know exactly what you were trying to do, Term Limits!
Is Sessions suffering from dementia?  He can't seem to remember anything
Bullshit
Bull dung
Not if he is going to answer the same questions, otherwise you are admitting it's a witch hunt.
That is ridiculous.
nothing to see here. Move along
Nah. That's enough. Enough is enough.
needs to drop it! He and the Dems are looking like fools!
What? Everyone has had ample opportunity to grill Sessions. What more does he think they're going to get? Sessions owes them exactly zilch!
Nobody owes you nothing, you are due a voting out. Goodluck in mid terms.
He will if you are not as stupid as the Oversight Committee!
GET LOST!
Two faced crook!
Why are democrats the ONLY ones who care enough about our country to get to the truth?
We the American people refuse to continue to have our tax dollars spent on hearing of a hearing they need to do their real job it's bizarre
More hearings, more investigations, they have nothing, somebody needs to end this. Sessions owes them nothing
He shouldnt be subject to your clown show. Unlike dems, sessions has real work to do
Yeah, Sessions has to take our country back to the dark ages when discrimination was legal. Grow up. Sessions' accent got thick when he lied
Enough!
I'm glad there's no coons in Texas.
Desperately seeking for something...and you got nothing! Nada! Put this to bed already! People are sick of this!
You sir, are a joke!
Enough with the requests. There just ain't nuthin' here boys & girls. #WeBeDone
One committee is enough, how about spending time on the american people instead of playing games with politics.
@GOP end this garbage now or drown in it in the next election!
."..because we didn't get our hour of camera time the way "Intelligence" did. " What rot.
So the Senator can get some camera time and for no other reason unless it's a coon hunt.
How about doing your job Sen. @ChrisCoons. You are putting our country in jeopardy with witch hunts. Who pays for non-elucidating behavior?
Enough nonsense with #Democrats wasting our hard earned money!Get to work NOW! Help fix the HEALTHCARE premiums  for the American people!
How many hearings do these guys need???
How about ending the damn witch hunt
You owe him to quit with the BS.
even @cnn has said it is a witch hunt...  enough already...distraction from real crimes #sethrich is not Russian
Meanwhile in the oval throne room...
He doesn't owe u shit. The committee never treated him with respect he deserved at Confirmation
Stop wasting Taxpayer money on this bunch of nonsense. Enough is enough. All of the USA is over it. Big Nothing Burger.
go home and go to bed
Where were u during holder?
He owes you and the loser Democrats nothing.  Absolutely nothing.  You lost the election.  Get over it and stop acting like babies.
He does not owe you shit! You iwe him an apology!
@ChrisCoons please put an end to the witch hunt in DC and do what you were sent there to do, represent the people (who have spoken).
To busy doing a witch hunt instead of doing their real job.
Blah blah. Go and look back at Holder's tesimony concerning Obama. Bigots!!! 
How bout we not pay any congress member or employee until they get to the real business!
Why doesn't he spend all his time answering your asinine questions?
HOW PITIFUL are these LIBERALS????
The only Constitutional officer in the executive branch is the President and only he can invoke executive privilege
My oh my.....just when you think the Leftards can't embarrass themselves further......
I was able to get home from work in time to watch the exchange between Wyden and Sessons, it was priceless. Sessions shot Wyden down.  MAGA
Coons is gutless; ask AG to pursue charges against the Gov't Officials we all know actually committed crimes, Clinton, Lynch, Obama, etc.
GIVE IT UP!  What the Hell are you digging for....START LOOKING AT THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY if you want to find CORRUPTION!
Get over it.   It's done no collusion no obstruction. Move on
Bite Me!
Oh for God's sakes. Stop this charade, get back to work and actually do something!
They are working. They are working to get the con artist who charges American taxpayers $3M per weekend for his leisure out of the WH!
Senator Coons it is time for you senators to seat in front of the Special counsel 
Senators you are dirty
Will someone please inform those senators that keep asking if anyone is invoking exec priv that the only one that can do that is the CIC
there is nothing left to answer!!!!!!!  they just want airtime
I find it interesting that Yale so continues to provide us this never-ending lineup of corrupt bastards.
The Dems are just looking for something from nothing. Can't wait until 2018. Bye Democrats. Keep up the good work using taxpayers money


That's right. Just pile on more hearings, committees, investigations, prosecutors, smoke, BS, etc. It's just OUR MONEY, stupid.
No he's already said no. You dimwits don't get your way anymore.
Til the next hearing after that. Testify forever to stop the Trump work
Stop wasting our money and get to work on #MAGA
sad very sad, they know damn well there is nothing there.  they will pay for this foolishness
He owes you jerk *ffs nothing and shame on you for the way you're treating him you low-class puke. #TheStory #FoxNews
Stop wasting time & money!
One more waste of time.
Do some work Senator or resign and become a prosecutor
These obstructionists will never stop! MSM has to stop carrying this propaganda of Trump-Russia b/c u lose credibility! Get back to truth!
Sessions' just passed the LOYALTY TEST BIG TIME!!!
@ChrisCoons you were a ridiculous embarrasment today! Obstructionists, all of you including @MarkWarner! Get to work on REAL issues! #MAGA
Sessions should tell Coons that he will wait for new questions. Comey was horrible FBI Chief, No Rep collusion w/ Russians. Find leakers!!!
If you want to know about Russian Collusion, you need to talk to Loretta Lynch, Comey and Obama.
For the love of God! Dems are the worst! After 9 months, no evidence, no collusion, no nothing but they are still wasting tax money!
I wonder if Mr Coins is going to join Sanders new party - of hate & loathing?
Enough w the dang hearings..7 mos investigations turned up zero! Not what we elected u to do! Get to what you were elected to do! 2018 done!
What about the email hearings or Benghazi??? Waist of time and money! Have giveaway more secrets to our enemies than Clinton ever did
get out of here-this is sickening now-the people are not stupid
GFY..already...this is enough!!!!!
Coons / what a ignorant which hunt/ investigate obama obstruction / what no answer/Obamas people never showed up b/4 congress! Hypocrites
Tell that A-Hole to shave those earmuffs! Does he not own a mirror?
IS THIS WERE MY HARD EARNED TAX PAYING DOLLARS ARE GOING? BULLSHIT, YOU SENATORS BETTERS GET BACK TO WORK ON THE PEOPLE BUSINESS.
There is nothing there was nothing never been nothing. .....drop the FAKE story already.
Stick in your ear!
This one that one on,and on
Whos watching the store!
All world laugh watching this stupid investigation
I agree its stupid but I am not laughing it is really making me mad! Its ridiculous! Political propaganda is all this is!
He doesn't owe you anything! You owe this man an apology! Disgusting Democrats!
@USAGSessions  Stop all this nonsense and refuse this!   Good God get to work!!!!!
With the monstrous disrespect your colleagues on Intel showed him today, how can you believe you're entitled to anything?
When r you people going to stop wasting OUR money with all these ridiculous investigations! We r going 2 send u packing!
Can they tell us what they're after?Sessions has covered his part in this investigation. He would not discuss Conversations with President.
He owes you nothing! How many times and ways can he say he had no knowledge of Russian collusion? He owes it to the people to keep us safe
Sessions owes nothing to this witch hunt
Republicans better start fighting for this President if he goes down so will they.
Oh my God another hearing. How many ways do you want him to answer about Russia? Give me a break
Chris Coons 2020!
The only hearing that need to proceed is Loretta Lynch obstructing justice!
Jail her or put back picking cotton
thanks for showing the world you are a racist
No we have all had enough of this playing to the news and Democrat BS, the house and the senate need to get moving on the Presidents agenda
Only so you can waste more of his time.
STOP ALREADY!  He testified today, forget about it!  Good God, do your job!
After 35 years of gov service he doesn't owe jack!!!
Service doesn't equate to integrity. He's a racist jackass.
You jackasses need to leave this patriot alone.  The public needs to investigate you for not passing meaningful legislation voters remember!
You have heard enuf 

If WE THE PEOPLE have it figured out I see nothing else you need!
When is this going to stop.
Why do you ask him about why he hired all Democrats with connections to the Clintons and their foundation
me and this is not what God my Father expects from his child. So if I offended anyone I ask your forgiveness
Chris - Sessions owes you NOTHING - because there is no there and we the
American citizens find you democrats & obstructionist DISGUSTING
Haha! He didn't want that with Hillary with Bengahzi, or Obama with Iran, or Lynch with obstruction, etc
