Same tactics that got us O-care!

Maybe gop is taking page from the Dem book.
EXCEPT they wont cheat the votes like u did
Think we forget?
They've learned well watching the Democrat Party
CBO scores are as accurate as predicting where the center of a hurricane will make landfall two weeks out.
What's your authority to make such a statement Joseph?  I think you're just another Republican that only cares about himself.
Just look at scores for ACA and then the true numbers for the real costs.
ACA needs to be improved but the spirit of the bill is correct. Knowingly throwing millions off ins is cruel and Hreartless & just like GOP.
There's an old saying "It takes a thief to know a thief" guess that fits u perfectly lier deceitful cheater all qualities of every dem
Same tactics got us Obamacare to begin with! 
Not if they pass it while they are in their safe racial reconciliation zones.
And that's apparently what's happening.
This is political malpractice by GOP. Do citizens have any rights, or have we become a banana Republic? Taxation without representation....
Don't the rules of the senate require a cbo score. Can't you stop this.
wow cheating, lieing and deceiving  the republicans must have found the Obama/Hillary play book

Cheat and deceive huh? @gop and @POTUS are just the team.   Stand up for what's right! #Resist poor health care.
Yeah and @GOP doesn't care how good a bill it is. They just want a repeal regardless how many Americans are hurt. Dems must protest loudly!
U must be getting Medicaid,  everyone else is suffering under ACA
You're just a do-nothing politician without a plan. Here's a suggestion give Americans the same health care plan you in the Senate.
Support Single Payor
Maybe they'll do what u did. Pelosi- "we need to pass this(ACA) ,so we can see what's in it" # hypocrisy
CBO is a guessing agencies they said ACA would cover 22 million but really only 10.5 million r covered
Like was done with Obamacare?? Don't start calling the GOP out for doing what you did!
Cheat and deceive is what Republicans  do!
So offer an alternative that YOU are forced to pay premiums on.....then pigs will fly; its all about your fiefdoms in DC
No it would be hard to follow the democrates tactics and get away with it
what's new?
I don't need to tell my Congresspeople what to do about ACA. I worked hard to elect Dems. Those of you with Repub Reps better contact quick!
The CBO is full of crap and so are you!
All you Dems should have been expelled for the lies you pulled with the ACA! Remember Jonathan Gruber? I do!
That appears to be the Republican method of operation.
Wait, isnt that how Obamacare got through originally?
didnt ACA get passed on CBO score? HOWS THAT WORKING OUT?  and why did congress staff members get subsidized. O it was to expensive for them
umm, that's what Republicans do best. They lie, they cheat, and they steal. They're the Guerrero's of politics basically,apologies to Eddie
Graham said, the 'skinny repeal' was bad policy before.  What's changed?
Whatever. One thing we can all agree on..@realDonaldTrump knows how to bring out the stupidity in people. Dems all but intelligible.
Oh come now you just outlined the Democratic playbook
It's what they do. Their brand, if you will.
Wow what a scaremongering weasel..
Obamacare CBO score was disaster. But u still push it. Your a big fed gov tool.
Both sides are crooked pretending to pander to us.   Term limits no retirement no salary. We want business people who go back to their jobs
Deceive is that like "you can keep your doctor"? Sounds like the same tactics that Obama and the #DEMS used with Obamacare.
Like YOU did with ACA???,?

Cheat... Like millions of illegal votes orchestrated by the Dems?? And You still lost?!? hahahaha!!!
Mr Senator your job , as I see it is to make sure that this ape and his family end up in jail, do your job

One voice.
Over and over and over starting NOW
Who votes for a bill that impacts everyone without knowing the impact? Callous, uncaring GOP.
That was the democrats
In other words business as usual for @SenateMajLdr & @SenateGOP
Shut down the Senate!
Yea, CBO was spot on with owebamacare. Really? C'mon man.
GOP =Party of Cruelty
Party of Cruelty? How about the Democratic Party The Party of insanity which you seem to be a part of.
Oh so in other words take a page from your book like keep your plan, doctor, low rates like how you democrats lied to America
@GOP God please give the GOP a heart.  Please allow them to realize that all of us are your children & that we are our brothers' keepers
After the lies that Democrats told about Obamacare it's insulting for you to say that the GOP is deceiving
@SenSchumer #GOP has 2 cheat & deceive 2 win elections.God forbid they win on good policy bc they don't have any of those.

I am sure the GOP would abolish the CBO if given the opportunity.  Nothing but a thorn in the side of massive government cuts.
Ironic, considering the fact that the CBO was created by Reagan.
How did that CBO score for Obamacare work out for you.
Folks can't even get medical care in some places.

Did the CBO foresee that?
Y'all fail passing Obamacare to begin with
The CBO is a partisan hack organization.
Cheat and deceive!  That's your territory.
HEY CARPER YOU CHEATED DELAWARE WHEN YOU GAVE SCHOLARSHIPS TO ILLEGALS
so ... Where is your solution? Gotta plan? Or just more wasteful lip-flappin'
That was done with #ACA, but who remembers that!
Umm false. The ACA was negotiated over several years. Not in a matter of days.
