Who is elizabeth carlisle?
Sounds like the die is cast by those in the know, his own Party.
My God, the senate has realized that trump is DOOMED.
Great.
Go for it, but let's not forget all stuff swept under rug for Dems in last election, must get all answers. All started w/illegal leaks!
FFS, IT BETTER OR MY BRAIN MAY SPONTANEOUSLY IGNITE!!  And, my apologies for screaming...sometimes shit gets the best of me! 
Have had 3 breakdowns & I'm NOT joking. Full on yelling/screaming/crying fits! For balance Twitter is for my mind & running is for my body
Omg you people r ridiculous! Get a grip and a life!
Look at this Beaut!
Thank goodness !  It's still #MuellerTime #Impeach


Back at ya:)
This is great news now all Trump has to do is take the information of a conflict of interest and get Mueller removed.
Trump might just as well stay at his resorts. It appears his almighty power is dwindling.
Its about time our government acknowledges that Trump will do ANYTHING to stop this investigation! WAKE UP AMERICA! Trump is a criminal!
But you *know* they will use these laws in the future to prolong potentially frivolous investigations into the next Democratic president.
I know what you are saying, I do, but I think there is enough at stake to warrant it now. I will worry, but never like I do now.
The president has the power of veto for any bill that would be passed by Congress. This is a waste of time.
Then let him veto it. Or fire Mueller. At least we'll see how far he's willing to push this authoritarianism.
They're trying to make it veto proof, again, lol. Prob be a lot more veto proof bills coming down the pike too!
You need to have a super majority in order to have anything veto proof. Otherwise you need a super majority to change the constitution.
Sad day when our senators have to protect us from our traitor President !!
Atleast they're trying
Will Mueller fabricate Russia results like he did in push 2 start Iraq War in 03? Libs hated him then, love him now
Мы уж как-нибудь сами с законом  о защите своих рабочих справимся. Надо будет - попросим у Вас совета.
@MaddowBlog
PROTECT MUELLER AT ALL COST !
how sickening that congress needs to spend its time protecting USA from the president and his henchmen!?!
The proposed bill violates Separation of Powers and likely violates prohibition of ex post facto laws. Good try but won't fly.
Nothing more ruthless than POLITICIANS trying 2 save and protect their OWN asses when THEIR own BS backfires on them
Yea vote will say a lot
@_AmyanimalLover fake news
About time the Senate Republicans have come to realize they were elected to represent US (U.S.) and not their Party.
@SenDonnelly @SenToddYoung seems like a good thing to support
Mr. Coons, Mr. Tillis, Mr. Graham and Mr. Booker --HEROES for introducing bills to protect Bob Mueller- both on the front end & back end! 
Globalists, Special Interest, Syndicated Crime allowing drug lords to control America's Borders don't like The Potus Agenda America First
good
Who has more power - Muller or President?
@MaddowBlog Just In: These traitors are violating the constitution.
Move it along very quickly. For once put the best interests of American ppl first.
This is ABSURD! Instead of undermining @POTUS, work on #TaxReform and #Healthcare. Stop supporting the #Witchhunt!
Potus will overcome and be elected in 2020. He'll reverse in 4 years the damage of the last eight. He will shorten your lifespan with grief!
I just hope he reverses the stuff he's done.
Good for them because trump had em lQQkin like bad pussy
This is unconstitutional!
Only a fool believes any of this Russia garbage. All smoke and mirrors to cover for the Clintons.
Good!!!
Hope he has 24 hour protection along with the team
Reading the comments in this thread reinforces the fact liberalism is a disease  afflicting dolts. It would be funny if not so pathetic.
Yes, yes, yes please and thank you!
Mueller has definite conflicts of interest and by law should resign.  We need an independent counsel with no conflicts or preset agenda.
There's no way they can make a lot of protect somebody's job
Make a law not make a lot
Just remember this is all taking up steam as soon as the "skinny bill" got axed, but three GOP warriors. There is hope for GOP!
Great work, Senator Coons!
Russia, Russia, Russia. Marsha, Marsha, Marsha. What a joke. #FakeSlanderousNews investigate Hillary's sale of Uranium2Putin. Media Sucks.
finally, the US Senate is doing something!
Good. They're obviously suspicious of T, and want to see what Mueller comes up with at the end.
There's bi partisan support, 2 bills, a GOP and a Dem for ea one. They plan to make 1 bill out of them.
@MSNBC Leave Robert Mueller Alone #HeDidNothingWrong
When your own Republican senators dont trust their Republican President thats when things are bad
yup
Anything the rats can do to keep the swamp in power over Americans. The investigation is now looking at Trump teenaged years.
MSNBC senators?
Laws in this country R meaningless hollow words on paper made unenforceable by corrupt Government & Fedl Judiciary! http://brsinv.com 
And thank you. This circus has went to far already. So tired of the obstruction this president thinks he can get by with.
This should have be done from the beginning!
If his investigation turns him the Clinton @ Podesta emails? Will he forge forward or confirm what 99% of Americans believe. #Nothingberger
Love my President and makes me sad  he has to put up with the nasty, mean, swamp....but he will prevail. God bless.
YES!!!
That is such a bunch of bullshit. Protect someone who shouldn't be doing the job. Clearly compromised. Put someone in place without baggage.
Thank you, @SenateGOP for standing up to this bully of a president and for doing the right thing for the People! #GOP @GOP
Now that would be a constitutional crisis...
@REALDONALDTRUMP #trump supplying NAILS for OWN DEMISE  #MUELLER is just  CARPENTER LIKE #JESUS searching for #EVIL and #CONDEMNING it
We need this law ASAP to protect against similar incidents in the future.
Stop this bullshit and get to work
What has the investigation proved thus far?  Nothing.  Blowing taxpayer money out the window.  From SC.  Lindsey Graham is a joke
So obviously you are in tune with all the attorneys.Personally I would like all of my money going into the hunt to be spent other places.
Pretty pathetic when one's country needs to be protected from their "president" #obstructing justice...
I'd rather see them begin an IndieCommission and put Mueller in as SpecProsecutor! We need to free it from political parties; it's too huge.
He is there illegally, conflict of interest. Look it up
YES PLEASE
Wow. They should also add legislation that states any SC has to conclude investigations and reports within 6 months.
Great!!
@WhiteHouse @TheJusticeDept @HouseFloor @FBI Fraudsters working hard 2keep the big lie going while Justice Kangaroo Dept Plays Dumb
Awesome. Thank you Congress for standing up against trump
Ugh enough with the Russia bullshit that's all the story was bullshit. Can we please move on already.
well let us hope they hurry and pass the job to protect Mueller's job..
Why not protect him with Independent Commission. If Trump & @GOP can interfere, they will, that has been proven. @SenateGOP @SenateDems

Took long to protect him from Trumpy n Putey.Good step 4 this goon to take  responsibility for making a mockery of America n Americans.
Mercy what happen to your fake Russia clusion and the many other lies and deception looks like DEMS had more illegal contact and meetings?
What a waste of time.  Unless the real intention is to get Hillary?   Interesting maybe....?
Excellent move !!!!!!!

Let's add that.  That idea is so good that it should've already been a tenet of an independent investigation foundation. https://twitter.com/msnbc/status/893125589439262720 …
They should. Or just impeach him now. He is mentally unstable. He just proved that again on TV. Instead of talking VA he promoted his rally.
FINALLY repubs r starting to admit how unstable trump is! Whew! For a while I thought they were gonna stay in their alternate reality bubble
Its about Damn time Repubs woke up to save what's left of our Democracy & safety...if it's not already too late!
Just because they are doing something that is needed in the case of Mueller, does not mean that they are doing it for that reason, dubious.
This is a joke and everyone here are kidding themselves. Stop being delusional, the president has power of veto.
A neccistity in this day and age! SAD!!!!
Mueller investigation is like a runaway train. It's going to be difficult to stop.  American people already know to much & it's not good@CNN
Kudos! Russia is losing its hold on killing US Democracy away from bullying of Trump lies
http://farzanamoon.blogspot.com 
Until one of them get investigated then a new law will be passed to fire him.
Its all ignorant and the ppl think u should stop
Stop dictator #45
So they can get together to replace healthcare, or immigration but they can damn sure get together to make a law that hopefully gets trump?
The head witch isn't gonna like that.  Name-calling and tweet storm to follow.
If Mueller is going to do a truly impartial R investigation, he needs to leave his Hillary loyalty aside and look at her R involvement also
Thank God some are doing something #IMPOTUS
With Bipartisan support. Good job 
Get it done.  You will be thanked and remembered for it.
#impeach @realDonaldTrump and you get the same result.
No need for this. If someone in authority violates morality and ethics, and the system is set up to rectify the problem, push the button.
Finally, adults enter the room.
This bill asks the @POTUS simply this... Do you side with USA or Russia? 

Well done, @SenateGOP/@SenateDems.
oFm: "I propose a new law that sets a 180 moratorium on 'new laws' not DIRECTLY related to the health, finances, or security of the USA."
Super! This is the kind of Unified Congress that makes American's proud! Just like the Russian Sanctions Bill. Fantastic! @Michael36776349
They should have had that from the start our in chief will try more as he gets closer ,the more he is cracking up
The Patriot Act hobbled Congress. They abdicated their power & handed the executive branch too much pwr. Bout' time tbey take it back.
Get together to protect yourselves is nothing else. (Like doing what's right for the US)
Yeeesss!!
.@realDonaldTrump the fight goes on! We will not stop the pressure
Conflict of interest-he should resign
Awesome 1st step!!!!
Thank you, a million times!
Does it not speak volumes that they feel there is a need for a law to do this??  Anyone taking a step back and really thinking straight??
Finally! I hope Tillis enjoys the sensation of having a a spine and votes No on PN569-115.
They finally waking up from this nightmare! God I hope so!
Good idea, BUT, there is no way they can get this through with a veto proof majority.
In the mean time, can we kick Trump out of the White House before he does more damage to our country or worse, starts a war.


Unconstitutional - will never pass anyway
I like it. Bi-partisan effort. Good example good for America
Fire mueeler
Seriously!

Wikileaks Reveals Crooked @HillaryClinton Had FBI Director Mueller Give Russia Uranium In 2009!
Why is this necessary? I'm asking sincerely. If he is canned by POTUS (Bannon, whoever), does his dismissal require Congressional approval?
It is very sad after over 241 years we need Congress to pass a law against the President from doing the wrong thing!

fantastic news.
Why waste the time---it won't pass.
And...we continue to have to babysit trump. This is all so ridiculous.
Should have protected him from day one!
Yes, USA needs to be protected
That is a very good idea. Trump is doing everything he can to make this investigation go away, something stinks!!!....Yes protect Mueller
This
If this isn't proof that he's doing something illegal, I don't know what is.
Why heck yes lib dems want the Trump lynching. So so despicable.
Hillary Book Title is "What Happened?
I'll Fix for You!
"What Happens When You Watch Too Much Fake News MSNBC!" #BetterNamesForHillarysBook
Excellent!
Hurry!
That would be an excellent idea especially due to the fact that if you let Trump get away with this you might as well resign.
Excellent!
Excellent, his job needs to be protected.


Question is - will it be Trump's end, or the end of our democracy. I fear it could go either way.
He has a conflict of interest it's not going to work he is on the Democrats side,Hillary's side Obama's side & he is best friends with Comey
Hysteria.  Mental illness. It's all the same.
Sounds good.
Gotta keep the lie alive at all costs
Sad that they must even consider this.
https://the-lounger.com/2017/08/03/the-top-5-marvel-cinematic-universe-films/ …

SENATORS ARE MORE INTERESTED IN RUSSIA THAN THE PEOPLE WHO ELECTED TRUMP_YET, CONGRESS IS NOT INTERESTED IN DOING THEIR JOB-REPEAL OBAMACARE
From Dems? Haha
And Gop. Tillis and Graham. Bi partisan.
Hannity called him a criminal on Fox "News" last nite. What Fox broadcasts as "news" is what's criminal.
Let us pass with this with same bipartisan  vigor is the sanctioned bill they just passed.
One bill at a time, congress is stripping this clown-in-chief of his powers. They need to speed up the pace of this bills bfr it's too late
The Senators know that Trump & family colluded with Russia. We need to remove this whole admin before they get us all killed.
A bipartisan proposal. The reaction from individual GOP senators will be interesting.
This investigation is so riddled with conflict of interest that all that is associated with it will have no legitimate value.
Finally, Congress has regained their voice!
They aren't Trump's lackeys...they are his equal!
Now they are acting like it!
I will take a wait and see attitude to see if Congress is finally coming around to standing up to Trump! 
Again with the projection?
@SenateDems @SenateGOP if you love America and Democracy and the rule of law Please pass ASAP! Democracy is deteriorating rapidly#Impeach
Project much?
They're learning to insulate themselves from any connection to Trump
STRIPPING THE PRESIDENT FROM HIS RIGHT TO RUN OUR COUNTRY..IS THAT EVEN CONSTITUTIONAL.
AMERICA IS WATCHING AND WE BACK TRUMP
#teammueller 
Good, this needs to be protected from Putin, Russian colluding Trump
Tweet that @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @FBI @KremlinRussia_E @morningmika
Being that Special Counsel Mueller was appointed with no cited criminality, he needs to voluntarily resign. RINO senator exposes disloyalty
No it not, once the investigation is done everyone will see the truth about Trump and his family.
It's about damn time
The Senate should include the expansion of the investigation to include all Russian interactions from 2008 to present. Lots to look at!!
they are not protecting Mueller,  they are protecting trump, look in between the lines, that is where the devil hides,, wake up MSM...
easy,  if he fires Mueller, everything gets escaladed very quickly,  so they make it look like they are protecting Mueller,
Now we need to protect investigators from da presidents long arm!
thank you so much Senate

Excellent!
You're fired!? Oh what!? Oh wait! Cof veve!!!
Do it!
Finally!!! What took them so long?? Ohh their bullshit revamped McConnell healthcare fiasco!!
At this point Mueller knows just how dirty Trump is..
