ICYMI: @ChrisCoons says FBI has transcripts that could show Russian leaders colluding w/ Trump campaign http://on.msnbc.com/2mk1at5  @MSNBC #AMR
I urge the FBI Director to make sure that the counterintelligence investigation is completed and taken to its furthest conclusion (1/2)
Then, all the products of that investigation should be appropriately shared with the intelligence committees
Peter Schweizer: The Deep State Is Real - A 'Threat to Our Republic Form of Government'
Wth are you hoping to find? That Russians pulled the lever? That Russians exposed the corruption of DNC? WE WON, YOU LOST#maga
@Cate66 @ChrisCoons also POTUS gave the BEST Speech in decades to Joint Session to theHouse! Powerful & heartwarming Love Trump
LOL!
@Cate@ChrisCoons so you hate the widow of a brave Navy Seal well that goes to your alt-left Nazi Lib character
The American people are sick of this BS that democrats are pushing instead of working for America! That's why (D)'s lose !
Please understand that Republicans won all levels- we control WH,Senate,house,state govt's,SCOTUS,FedJudges
I deal only with fact & victory- We control every level of government- period! Find a safe space & deal with it!
You didn't even know about ECollege until I educated you on it. Red map= victory! You are now dismissed! #insta-mute!
And how were those transcripts gotten? Maybe illegal wiretaps?
@mitchellreports how do transcripts just 'show up' if there was no wiretapping?
Watcj Senator Coons dancing backward. What a show.
No HELL NO! Get to work stop crying about HRC NOT being POTUS! Dems are losing all credibility! Disgusting this is McCarthyism!
we all know that you lied about the president and Russia.When it is the democrats that are in with Russia.Democrats lost
admitting they have NOTHING but wants to go on a witch hunt to find SOMETHING - Coons ushers in era of NEO-McCarthyism
Wrong, everything McCarthy said was verified in 1989 with the fall of the Soviet Union. Coons "The Bearded Marxist"
You said there is evidence showing collusion between trump and Russian. Do you stand by stand that?
that 'proof' doesn't just appear, someone was being surveilled.
you have already been told, you are a dishonest crook-talk about dishonest, you're a politician, lie for a job
@delawareonline @DEGOP19thRD DE this is our senator carrying on a witchhunt, vote him out & let's get someone with a brain.
@marcylauren we do but Trump always comes out on top
However, you shouted it from the rooftops that it was a certainty. I see no reason that anyone should trust you.
@4free_Ukraine From the 32nd LD in WA (King & Snohomish counties), thank you, Senator
@mitchellreports @MSNBC I guess the Russians also had something to do with those tiny campaign crowds Hillary had?
touché
All complete bs
@mitchellreports @MSNBC Need real investigation @DNC @MiceeMouse @MiceeMouse @thehill @FoxNews @AP @THR
@mitchellreports @MSNBC no evidence meat head.
NOTHING WAS FOUND... You all thought HRC would win so you didn't care about "Russia" until she lost.
OMG! When are the Dems going to drop this nonsense & get on with helping American people. Podesta emails phishing only
Are you mentally deficient? There are no ties to Russia! What was done was WORSE than WATERGATE! PRISON TIME NOW 4 ALL involved!
Democrats an Russia are in this evil together. Not Republicans an not our @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
u want to have inves of Obama wiretap issue quickly but u & dems will not let new admin move on from Russia saga even w/out evid
You are guilty of Sedition and Treason and need to be arrested today. You mister are a damned liar and a fasciocommunist fraud.
should show the @POTUS transcripts or resign immediately. Your defamatory statements to @mitchellreports are not protected.
Senator is an idiot
Tom Cotton said he has access to the most sensitive info. Please stop  lying saying investigators need access to intellugence
We are already benefiting greatly from Donald Trump undoing the MASSIVE damage obama did to us out here. He just SAVED our family business!
YOU HAVE ALREADY BEEN TOLD THERE IS NOTHING THERE! you need to accept it and your EVIL Party get out of the way of our PRESIDENT!
no collusion means no collusion. Listen to the intell.
how's that backpedalling working for you?
lives in fantasy-land
The fact is if there was any truth to any of this, Trump would already be gone. Focus on the verifiable truth BHO wiretapped DJT
@mitchellreports @MSNBC lied to Chris matthews that u only want truth and not colluding with never trumpers to obstruct wh.
on what evidence?
@mitchellreports @MSNBC the 80s called and wants their foreign policy back.
you sir are a liar and you should resign!!!!  You blatantly lied that about transcripts Trump collusion with Russia
YOU HAD MONTHS INVESTIGATING AND WASTING MY TAX MONEY! THIS HAS BECOME A WITCH HUNT!!!
Shame on you for misleading the American people Sen Coons. Thanks for your apology but you need to explain this
SOOO...the Russians hacked the machines? Otherwise u r blowing smoke out of your ass. Now about that URANIUM DEAL.......
DE this is our phoney sen wasting our $'s & impeding the will of voters, he is the estab bleeding us dry & filling his pockets.
We need to find out how much collusion there was w/ HRC, OBAMA AND RUSSIA! There was definitely something going on! Did HRC
give Putin a blowjob? It COULD have happened. We need someone to come forward & tell the American ppl what happened, if anything w/ these 2!
The American ppl want the truth!  Okay Coons, do you get it yet? We see your BS! STOP!
You are a disgrace to government! To use the word "COULD" and then spew BS! What if someone said there "COULD" be proof that
Sen. Coons is a member of the KKK! Its out there & I hope someone will come forth w/the truth! The ppl have a right to know! Do u get it?
"could" the FBI have transcripts that show no collusion which is why you aren't getting them.  I think that is the case.
Why don't we make sure the Intel Cmte gets all the relevant HRC server docs & see what they "could" make of them?
Millions of Americans realize you made this all up. We get it you guys need to make up stories to create a narrative.
@mitchellreports @MSNBC Wow! Looks like Obama always knew that answer with all the wiretapping going on!

"Could?" The please do! America wants to know!
we need to find out how Russia tried to help Hillary win and how you Democrats tried to blame it on @realDonaldTrump 
now Obama is wiring him oh PLZ enough if u weren't  crooked you wouldn't be paranoid WH ur problem handle it Barack tried 2 help
We need to find out why Bill Clinton gave a speech in Moscow&got paid 500k after uranium sale to Russian govment! Investigate!
We need to find out why Ukrainians meddled in our election to help Hillary! We demand investigation!
You're grandstanding and pathetic.
The Fbi has now said there is no evidence 3 times. I suggest you see your shrink. Your meds ain't workin.
@mitchellreports   No smoking gun yet, but circumstantial evidence is overwhelming: Trump collided with Putin to fix election.
How about the circumstantial report saying no collusion. Why keep asking 4 results U have already, makes no sense.
your cries 4 investigation would carry more weight if u had been as intense n same around most corrupt us govt. Ever last 8 yrs
Waiting for your answer in reference to Hillary's sale of Uranium to the Russians. .........Still waiting.
@mitchellreports #fakenews propaganda
We need to find out how Obummer tapped DT phones Obamagate is NB to investigate
You've got a bigger problem to "investigate" >> Who is leaking classified info. Do something or get out of the way.
Sweep your #Obama doorstep, before trying to ruin our wonderful @POTUS . Admit you were wrong and move on. Peace will follow.
I urge you to use your brain not your party's
I am more interested in what Russia did for Obama in exchange for more "flexability",looks like Quid Pro Quo to me.
Colluded my butt Y'all STILL think Putin feared HRC more than DJT and actively interfered to elect him? Y'all need to move on!!
hillary hoar
@mitchellreports #PressOn
How many spaces are open on this fishing expedition of yours? By your reasoning, I need to  buy lottery tix cuz I "could" win.
u looking into Hillary's uranium deal???.......no? Of course not!
DON'T be sidetracked by #Trump Keep working.. there MUST be an investigation in Russia's efforts to influence our election
@mitchellreports @MSNBC we demand an investigation into #AwanBrothers congressional espionage hired by the DEMOCRATS.
 @mitchellreports @MSNBC if you worked this hard to actually make America great again, we'd all be driving BMW's douchebag.
@mitchellreports @MSNBC could ? So there is nothing factual?
After you investigate whether Russia stole your hair & gave Chuck Schumer his alleged bad hair plugs!
And we urge you to get to work getting all of his cabinet in place. Stop with the Russia crap. Getting old.
Amen.
Didn't HRC lie, under oath, about her emails? That was your presidential candidate lying under oath. #hypocrite
How about $500k paid to Bill Clinton for Moscow speech while HRC was Secretary of State? #hypocrite
How about Podesta's investment in Putin controlled Joule? #hypocrite
How about your benefactor, Steyer, and his ties to Volga Group & Putin henchman Timchenko? #hypocrite
It doesn't upset you that HRC sold 20% of US Uranium to the Kremlin through a foundation proxy? #Rasatom #Giustra #hypocrite

you do know that everything crooked thing you guys did for last eight years is on the internet now?
schumer and Putin? Need I say more. Dems are working with Russia, impeach them ALL! So stupid!
Why? Clinton was a terrible candidate. So glad Trump won!!!
we would rather know why Hillary sold uranium to Russia and what did obama mean when he said he could do more after election?
and you COULD be a Martian. So we need all of phone transcripts from the last 30 years to prove your not a martian
Thank you Senator!
omg stop younguys are deflecting.get to work repeal obama care...bunch of bullshit....
Given no remote access to voting machines/tabulations & Russia didnt make anyone change vote,"collude" HOW? Anti-American Dem bs
Let's check the Obama Administration colluding with the Iranians.
Why did HRC's campaign meet with China? That bothers me as much. This was revealed in Wikileaks.
There was no collusion.Stop wasting the taxpayers money. Get a self-help book, something w/a title like "How To Lose Gracefully"
We're on to you, no going back for you.
We DEMAND a thorough investigation into #Russia & every DEM MTG & #Russia  trail leading to HRC-WJC-Obama & DEMOCRATS .@POTUS
Are you ever going to grow tires of losing elections? I guess not.
and why Obama had all the money in cash flown to them at night like it was being given to a cartel.
There has been zero proof, so why aren't you working for the American people repeal and replace Ibamacare before it implodes!
Paranoid hysteria much? Maybe we should find whether or not your last campaign colluded with North Korea. I hear rumors. Lots of rumors.
They didn't. But your party did.
Have u forgotten?
could?could??? and you could be a closet alien rapist,no wonder the aliens never came back after the 50's and meeting you....
lol....you look more and more like a left wing loonie...sad
What about Iran Deal? What are the dems covering up about that. Were you involved?
YOU and your party have been colluding with Russia ie sale of US uranium <we the people are not fooled 2018 coming soon
@mitchellreports @MSNBC then they can go through Hillarys 30,000 e mails that went missing.
There many thing you could be as well.
@donnabrazile I wa true democrats investigated for their ties w/Russia and them selling America 's uranium!!  Smoke & mirrors!
.@ChrisCoons yeah, sticking with that dead horse. No evidence after a year, it's time to shut the hell up dude.
Please stop the insanity.
Concerned that Burr having been willing to lie for Trump will compromise intel comm investigation. What action will be taken?

No, you don't.  I'm about as interested in this as you were with Hillary's scandalous private email server!  #MoveOnRedux
Thank you Senator. His lack of transparency/financial disclosures are unsettling. He said multiple times that he'd release taxes
@mitchellreports @MSNBC colluded to do what?
@donnabrazile NOW,!
we don't care about Russia.. #fakenews, head out and talk to the people you'll see I'm right
> The only thing you need to find out is how many children besides your daughter Creepy Biden has been pawing.
When all this stuff comes up empty, you're going to be so humiliated, even if you don't know it.
@donnabrazile I'm sure it's in the shredder pile
The fact that Trump repeatedly said Give Us the 30,000 missing emails should already be a violation of some sort. @ChrisCoons @donnabrazile
not a shred of evidence exists. Americans want you to do your job; lower taxes, repeal/replace obamacare etc. Get to work.
the ppl DESERVES the truth. An investigation is the proper starting place?
How about Obama collision with Russia while campaigning for Hillary Clinton? That must be investigated!
There is an investigation, & has been for quite some time. Guess what, there is no evidence. So put your tinfoil hat away.
What a damned hypocrite you are. Never raised a finger to investigate Crooked Clinton's real collusion. This = bs & YOU KNOW IT!
How about we start investigating all the Dems that had "Russian" contacts during the Iran deal.. Hmm? I'll bet your name shines
senator, we don't care who tells us th details about corruption,the fact that it happened by the Clintons is all I need to know.
For all we know the FBI "could" have documents showing that Obama colluded with the Russians, too!
Dems wrote those emails, busted!!Now shut up and get to work!!
You're pathetic.
Why was there a Russian representative visiting Obama WH 22 times
4 this past year?Riddle me that Senator!!!
Like we had all the information from Benghazi? Hillary's email scandal? The Iran deal? Eric Holder and Fast and Furious?
@mitchellreports @MSNBC 
FBI should look into how former Pres. & party weaponized US Depts. of state against our President.
@colattesipper Make FBI disclose what they have to the Intelligence Comte, Americans need to know & our Democracy is at stake!
Also ask for investigation into Iran deal and the secret meetings between Democrats and Russian representatives.
What about Clinton meeting with lynch. You all have colluded yourselves. Must be a serious reason why you all don't want Trump
Are you all hiding something you don't want to be found out?
So you don't know if there is anything? If that's the case then please SHUT UP!
You call for this regarding Hillary? If not then you're a hypocrite and have no credibility.
did you investigate HRC for selling our uranium to Russia?
"Could" is your way of making an accusation without any evidence. When did you stop beating your wife @ChrisCoons ?
Is @ChrisCoons a coconspirator with @SenSchumer and Intel officials espionage? Will he be indicted?
@mitchellreports How low can you go?
Should recuse himself from any discussion of Intel related issues. He has been compromised.
@Trump4Hope @ChrisCoons But Brennan is a raghead can't be trusted He practice Taqyyia as good as #obama
And Brennan admitted he was a communist in the 70's! Worst of both worlds.
Absolutely Islam & Communism equally evil equally devastating That's why  getting along  for now
Its the Red Green Alliance. Two groups cooperating in subverting the West albeit it for different reasons.
@JJohnson2u Dude he is the president deal with it
Chris, buddy. You are in over your head. Nice try, but a 10 year old could pull your Russia scam off better.
@RaulieGonzo awww
@RaulieGonzo
I wish he'd have had this much tenacity with Hillary Killary the Butcher of Benghazi.
@mitchellreports @MSNBC It's all Fake!  Hillary sold uranium to the Russians and Bill got paid 1/2 Mil.  Democrats silent!
Full discosure as to what happened at JTVCC
WE, the American People need this farse to cease This was creating by the Obama admin to delegitimize @Potus, Greatest Pres ever
@mitchellreports And what if we found out they were? Who is going to do something about it?
At this point Chris, you're either on board, or you're in the way. The Russia bullshit doesn't fly anymore. U sound ridiculous.
Funny, Fast & furious,Lynch&Bill, Uranium sales, secret servers...NOT A PEEP..well,except to say it was all hype.
Look at all the scared 45ers!
obama had trump tower wire tapped cuck nothing there. Your McCarthyism hysteria is embarrassing. And Russia prob laughing
@mitchellreports or it proves the media and Dems are wrong and Trump did nothing wrong!  They are telling you there is nothing!
. Man, you have ppl respecting the Russian gvmt more than your own party. Sounds like a good time for new material.
sure after all the investigations that need to be done to The Clinton foundation, Loretta lynch, Eric holder on and on
The way Democrats flock to the Russian Ambassador you should've had him at HRC rallies That would've given her a big crowd
"could" bullshit! You "could" be an asshole or a Marxist... Evidence is out there.
you lost! These witch hunts will hurt you in 2020. People can see right through the Dems lies.
