No Sessions should resign& now.

comp diff Trump made unsubstantiated claim from Breitbart all deflection
Obama's DOJ denied Holder signed warrant, it is a pattern of behavior
more patterns of behavior
old news & you know outcome of findings.
tragic that LEFTIST like you disown your own parties recent past, 
Clapper had misrepresented info to Congress
when 1 goes to personal attacks it's because U R short on facts. FTR Indeprndent. If you care about USA get out of past.
Why not ask #ChuckSchumer on how much he made off #Lukoil deal.


he's corrupt -- forget about THAT ever happening.

And you need to get off this Russia BS and get to work on improving America. Tired of the Russia crap !

He should #RESIGN no Coddling #TrumpRussia #Traitors #LockThemUp We need an Independent Investigation!

why did you never ask any questions about the Obama administration you are a bunch of hypocrites liars
You disgust me with your Liberal agenda go to Venezuela
Seems the GOP are fine with a lying A.G. as long as he protects them and Trump. Too bad for our country.
Benghazi Great  Americans died for ou country What do you want Rep. to do  Disgusting
@Indivisibleca30 @ChrisCoons @MSNBC He was under oath last time and just lied. He needs to resign.
.@octoberskeye We agree and having been insisting with @SenFeinstein and @BradSherman that this stance needs to be loudly expressed
He's not the one asking for a do-over....
Jeff Sessions should pack up his desk and go and sell used cars!
So should Obama's whole administration, but they didn't.
how come your not looking at the cia for spying on people or obamagate who ordered wire taps
when will you become a bastion of truth? When are u going to talk about the illegal leaks? Or fact they found no evidence?
Jeff Sessions is the most honorable man in the govt. Everyone with half a brain heard the question, & the truthful answer.
HE wrote his REDACTION as he is ALLOWED by LAW .. DEAL WITH IT.
You are guilty of sedition and treason and will be arrested and imprisoned for your crimes. Death penalty for all.
He has already answered exactly what he did and why. YOU are trying to do nothing but DESTROY GOOD American people who have served for YEARS
why do you leave this out when you quote Sessions about meeting w/Russia "not about the Trump campaign"
journalists do not push policy they report facts @ChrisCoons 
Obama WH had a pattern of behavior
What good does that do, Andrea, if he is just going to lie again?
He didn't lie. He was doing his job as Senator under Obama's instructions. DUH
Says the eggbot. Have you stopped fapping to Putin yet?

FOH
how come you don't tell the truth.coming from NBC we know why.He answered the questions truthfully
Because they were too stupid to ask the right questions the first time?
what questions should Sessions answer? He answered the question asked. Look at the tape fool
AG Sessions answered 100% truthfully. The meeting w/amb in his office was a routine part of his senate duties.
so should Obama over not seeing the Russian threat: the 80s called and wants their foreign policy back.
so should hillary over Benghazi and illegal server.
Sessions does not need to return to the Democrat inquisition into false stories.
Lie detector needs used too since he seems to have problem w/honesty!
@MolyneuxGerard @ChrisCoons @MSNBC
 HoWeVER, he's agreed to "answer" questions & elaborate on old ones "in writing" ONLY..
only after Lynch is raked over the coals by #msm 4 taking 5th re: Iran deal
So should  Schmuer, Pelosi, Feinstein, 
Fauxahauntus Warren. I could go on, but u get the drift.
Andrea Mitchell should worry about the bs put out by the "Dim" colluders with Russia. Schumer, Pelosi,
Yes get Sessions back and charge him with a crime OMG if a I'd have done this I'd be in jail so fast.
and also have all of the dems who've had private appointments with Russians face questioning too.
He should, but since he lied the first time...
he's already shown he has no problem lying under oath.
To help prove @MSNBC is NOT #FakeNews why have you NOT demanded @SenSchumer be investigated for his #Russian connection?
Why? He lies under oath. Need an independent investigation.
Unaccountability is the mantra of the Trump administration.  Trump no taxes paid or shown.
Trump paid no taxes: another accusation the Left accepts as true w/o proof.
No, he should not. Stop wasting tax payer money.
you should be thrown out of broadcasting
I think we've heard enough lying from him let's get Trump on the stand!
please god, make it so!
Why aren't you ?ing #BarackObama on his dealings with the #DOJ.
and Sally Yates should be given back her position if she wants it


he looks like a scared rabbit when trying to explain. Eyes darting everywhere!
but his under oath testimony is no longer credible.
Didn't he once say that anyone who lies should be fired? We already know he lied, so the next step is...
Sigh. 

Can anyone claiming he lied actually quote the question and untrue response?
He already did. He lied the first time. Why would you give him a chance to perfect his lies?
I hope he doesn't resign and stays on as the weak AG - better to run him out w/45 at the end.
@MattAbbatacola @ChrisCoons @MSNBC the senator has a right and obligation to talk to ambassadors you twit lol
Momentum builds4 Sally Yates 2B named TrumpRussia special prosecutor
http://www.palmerreport.com/opinion/sally-yates-trump-russia-special-proescutor/1735/ … via @PalmerReport
@MattAbbatacola @ChrisCoons @MSNBC passing on more fake news and dem talking points Andrea?
Are you gonna report on Hillarys' pygmy moslem communist anti semiotic friend?
Will you DEMAND she disavow his love?
isn't still fighting Clinton a bit of yesterday? News from 2003 are boring in context of 2016 happenings
Justice for All - remember? 
https://twitter.com/MissLizzyNJ/status/760553153817444352/photo/1pic.twitter.com/4hSrR9ONLG 
you are sooooo boring....you might catch my attention when you come up with something creative and new.
We're with  you.  Keep at it, please. You're the best.
MSNBC Why don't we go back for Obama's IRS abuse, Lynch/Clinton scandal, Schumer ties to Putin?
Is think  Tillerson is extraordinarily rude. You're the best reporter of all & his behavior was awful.
@NoNoNotNormal @ChrisCoons Yes, but the Repubs have vested interest not 2have that happ. Shows how much #45 is a disaster
Is the FBI even checking out the Trump/Russian connections. Under Comey  I would have grave doubts.
Curious what laws were broken, tempest in a teapot

Laughable.
UNLESS it interferes with any potential federal or ind prosecutors' investigation
MITCHELL NOW DOING PROPAGANDA DISTRIBUTION FOR "ANTI-TRUMPS" & DEMS "TRUMP-HATERS"?
and you should get another job.
Like you more and more
Has anyone asked how many other ambassadors trump aides met with! Only Russia?. Others how many times
How many did Hilary's team talk to???
Sessions s/b charged with perjury. He forgot about meeting Russian but remembered nothing bad was said!
I would not...if I did I would open investigations of slushfund, Valerie, and Os OFA @jeffsessions
how many times will he say, "I don't recall?"?
Hell Schumer and Pelosi does it all the time...just like Graham and McCain
why u did not asked Hillary the same request. Why u did not asked her about the emails or Benghazi.
Who listens to you? Answer- No one!
you say this as a Fake News journalist,as a Lib or both?
what like a second chance. this time with truthful answers. does this work with criminals. don't get it.
Russia at WH 22x; 6x during Sale of Uranium from @HillaryClinton , which Clinton Foundation pulled in $145,000,000 from RUSSIA! This is REAL
This should not be optional. Drag him out of his comfy home & prop him up for 11 hours of questioning.
As soon as we get OBama in for investigation. He's all wrapped up in this. Russia at WH 22x to see Obama & Admin;
Russians using and got Democrats and media; Lock, stock and barrell...they do not realize it.
@jeffsessions needs to RESIGN!  He is dishonest!!  Unacceptable!!  @realDonaldTrump
Mr. Sessions Perjured himself UNDER OATH.   Lying to Congress is a CRIME. Move to prosecute...
we must have watched two entirely different things...be careful.
Owners of a magic (R) do not have to do that, ever. Forget about it.
you are a nut  #MAGA
#smellrussiangate
Give it a rest already.

And then resign in disgrace, as he deserves.
, He has to resign-lied during confirmation-Why doesn't DT understand Sessions has to go?
