thank you.
thank you, Senator Coons!
Thank you for speaking out. Thank you for opposing this ban. Thank you for standing up for our constitution and values.
Do something to stop Trump!  This is not the America we want!!!!@debjgreen1
Very well said. Yes, we already have vetting actions in place! No need to take it too far like Trump is taking it!
Thank you Senator Coons! More support from Sussex County
.@ChrisCoons Great statement, and thank you for the sensible response, but what are you going to do about in the Senate?
Stand up, Senator and oppose these exclusionary policies.
Thank you Senator Coons!!  I am with YOU!!
You will not escape the primary challenge for your ridiculous support for tRump people. This is what happens when you vote them.
thank you!
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator!
This ban by Trump is unacceptable as a US Citizen.  POTUS must rescind, or the USA citizens will be paying the price.
thank you senator! we're behind you
thank you!
thank you Senator!
Wish I could vote for you! Keep it up.
THANK YOU
Were you upset in 2011 when Obama placed a ban on refugees from Iraq for 6 months? 

A concerned Delawarean
@Svear70 so what action are you taking?
Equally egregious is Trump's order to remove Dir. of Nat'l Intell. and Chair of Joint Chiefs of Staff from NSC & add Bannon.
thank you.
thank you for your opposition to this EO and #MuslimBan
Get to Philadelphia airport today with @SenatorCarper to represent Delaware!!!
Thank you for speaking out against this ban.
thank you #NoBanNoWall
i hope you and @LisaBRochester will be backing up your statements and joining @SenatorCarper in taking actual action.
Thank you!
Thank you!  Stand strong.
thank you!
Thank you!
thank you, senator.
Thank you for speaking out against #MuslimBan! Please continue to fight against EO overreach by POTUS with words + actions!
thank you!
TY
@SenatorCarper Senators. Until last week I was just disgusted, but now I am SCARED! Reign in his insanity before it is too late!
thank you Senator
Today Canada holds the moral high ground and leads by example. Where is America, the Shining City on a Hill?
We are so worried about the U.S.  Please do everything you can to stop this unconstitutional executive order!
Thank you, Senator. Please keep fighting this as hard as you can.
Now do something to get GOP to stop this unconstitutional ban! Please!!
pls do all you can to lift this ban of refugees and restrictions of entry of LEGAL immigrants. Unconstitutional! #MuslimBan
thank you
taking a safety timeout to make sure we are not allowing potential terrorists in to US is a great idea WAKE UP
be loud and active against this over-reach you must fight for #Humanrights at all chances! We need to hear your actions
Thank you for challenging this despicable and illegal action, Senator Coons. #RefugeesWelcome #NoBanNoWall
What have you done to stop terrorism?
What will you do to fight this illegal executive order?
Thank you.  My talented colleague barely returned to the US yesterday.  It is already hurting UD, Delaware and our stature in world.
please resist the confirmation of Sessions
How will you help to push back against this in your role?
Thank you, Senator Coons.
Thank you for not allowing this to go unchallenged. #RefugeesWelcome
Thank you, Senator!
Yes!  Please stand together, Congress, to oppose these EOs.
So what will you be doing about it now ?
thank you.  7 days in and I'm shaking my head.  I feel like Trump is taking us backwards...
Thanks for that. So can you please push for legislative action to force GOP senators to take a stand (rather than be silent)?
where was the outrage when Obama dropped thousands of bombs a day in the middle east creating the refugee crisis?
Thank you for speaking out against this atrocious act of fear and hatred, and for promoting true American values of freedom.
