Jewish @mitchellreports Israel Lobby lackey @ChrisCoons talk #Russia influence but not Israel's with @HillaryClinton http://america-hijacked.com/2016/08/29/lets-talk-about-russian-influence/ …
Jewish @mitchellreports & Israel Lobby lackey @ChrisCoons won't push for probe of Israel-gate: http://mondoweiss.net/2017/04/probe-israel-gate/amp/ … #JamesComey #JimComey
Jewish @mitchellreports & Israel Lobby lackey @ChrisCoons OK with AIPAC Israel 1st Kushner's influence on Trump:
Does the jewing up never end? What 2% of population and 100% around MrT. Something stinks here
Comey FBI Director was it worth it though you may still get your pension which you shouldn't your
Comey may still get his pension but reputation tarnished not a good look. Sad he took that fall and for what he is out..horrible legacy
it takes a long time to convert documents into cliff notes and cartoons.
Why would Trump listen to any of Obama's cronies?  Yates & Obama are part of the swamp.  So don't act dumb.
tRump didn't want that first brick to fall. Flynn's firing was the beginning of the end for his White House reality show.
And this from a man who coined the phrase "You're Fired!"
Yates, like Flynn, was part of Obama's legacy. Probably brokered the Clinton-Russia uranium deal. Giving Putin world uranium Monopoly
Responses such as these by Mitchell and retweeted by Coons shows without a doubt the immaturity rampant on the Left.
Well she was fired 4 not obeying a directive...so yeah there's that.I'm actually shocked U haven't been fired yet to be honest. Viva la Pepe
She's not going anywhere, because she's great at her job and competent. Love her! American press corps is best in world!

Yes you do. We all do. Embarrassing.
Unbelievable!  Great report.  Hope America wakes up soon. #SaveUSa
I still don't understand why more aren't outraged at the Wild West games #45 is playing
Comey risked his future with that last ditch effort to hurt Hilliary's chances of becoming President he is thrown under the bus..no job smh
Comey fired.....wow
Why is anybody surprised at the ineptitude of Trump and the WH staff?!  They are blaming everyone else for their mistakes!  A disgrace!
No mystery. Flynn didn't lie to Pence. Pence & Trump were complicit, always were. Trump already knew what Yates was reporting. Didn't care.
When you're President; responsible for the lives of millions of people; perhaps you'll get your answer.  You are such a HACK Andrea.
Because they didn't think internally lying in the White House was a big deal!  Frickin nuts huh?
She was fired for not enforcing a lawful EO & Flynn was fired after due process .....
And YET AGAIN we just move on... doing nothing to remove this man from office.
They felt it was sour grapes for losingthese silly know nothings will kill us all what will it take to make them understand the truth?
Senator, don't be naive about the why.......Flynn had been working with the Trump campaign long before he was given a staff position.
Nixon was impeached over an 18 minute audio gap. @realDonaldTrump struggles with an 18 DAY problem. One of many, many problems.
To hear Spicer say it,they only got info a week after Yates meeting.Then looked at it & then Flynn was fired.Not buying it.It was the leak.
We ALL know the answer let's stop pretending! This whole administration is involved-All of them!
Cause Trump did noy trust Yates in the first place and wanted to see for himself! DUH!
Stuck?
Timing of firing: Travel ban rushed thru without review, knew Yates would resist, excuse to fire Yates. Kudos @amyklobuchar at #YatesHearing
What's with the number 18? There were 18 missing minutes on the Nixon White House tapes which ultimately brought him down. One can only hope
Flynn and Trump are still in bed together
Is this whole thing about Flynn not admitting to conversation or what was in conversation?
Because any good employer looks into the facts before taking action especially when the Dem side of the aisle is acting like bufoons..duh
Trump: "more fake news from Andrea Mitchell. No one can prove I knew anything."
Easy answer.COLLUSION!
it is obvious. She was a appointed by a Democrat. Everyone else at Justice got fired for the same thing
Hack hagatha on the beat
Should I hold my breath waiting for the idiots in the media to admit they lied and made up the whole Russia collusion false narrative?
I believe it was reported Obama was warned twice about Flynn, yet reaffirmed his security clearances & then allowed a trip to Russia!
It obvious trump didn't pay attention to what was said at the hearings.
Isn't what Flynn did considered 'Treason'? Just saying '
don't you think they should  investigate. She was appointed by Obama
she did not do her job. Admitted politics played a part in her decision. AG should not be political. Isn't that what press wants.
Screw you  Andrea "her emails" Mitchell.
Perhaps even more to the point, he was only fired when the @washingtonpost outed him. THAT'S the critical point. 
#Trumprussia
Exactly. She didn't break the law and it took all of an hour if that.
Why didn't Obama take his clearance then, if he was so bad? Obama didn't like Flynn telling him the truth about ISIS.
Fake news to make it seem like yates was fired for speaking about flynn.
.@mitchellreports but you spent most of the 2016 election cycle telling us how much trouble Clinton emails were. Is that egg on your face?
Seriously, why the faux shock & surprise? The answer is obvious: because they ALL knew exactly what Flynn had done -- and were fine with it.
What exactly did Flynn do? Do you know? Was it more than Hillary bill and podesta?  What did he do that you know factually?
Why it took 18 days? Better question: If not for the Wash Post expose on Flynn-Pence, would Flynn still be Trump's Nat'l Sec. Advisor today?
Trump thinks he's above law. Only fired Flynn 'cos press found out! How many more Russian spy's are still working in WH?
I've seen co workers walked immediately out the door for much less.
I am not surprised at all because Trump is a crooked president. The American people better wake up and soon before it is too late.
Makes u wonder if her firing was really over Flynn &not EO as described. Think abt in context of @PreetBharara being fired. Slow Investig.
Or why at least they did not limit Flynn's role and access while they "investigated"!
They put our national security at risk!
Fires Yates, praises Flynn (Putin et al) along with saying maybe it's China. @realDonaldTrump loyalty is to Russia, not America; it's clear.
Someone on Morning Joe pointed out parallel with 18 missing minutes of Nixon tapes.
Ha! @TheDemocrats & their @NBCNews demagogic lobbying racket have morphed 2 perennial Russian Snipe Hunters! cc @HillaryClinton @BarackObama
Flynn was fired ONLY after story became public. Rationale? Not mere incompetence.
Collusion.
18 days. The President knew his NatSec Advisor was a Russian spy. Sorry, it doesn't add up.
And in those 18 days - what was being covered up, blacked out, shredded, erased, and deleted?
Flynn also took PDB every day during that time & summarized for Trump. If Flynn was acting alone, he could've invented intel. But he wasn't.
So good news is, Trump seems to have rec'd accurate intel from Flynn. Bad news for Trump, it means he/Flynn in cahoots. #TrumpKnew #Impeach
Donald Trump doesn't care what he is doing to our country. We need to take a stand. #wethepeople
Because the GOP has apparently decided it is ok to let a foreign power influence our government as long as its agenda is not hampered
Exactly. And that's biggest crime being overlooked. They are all turning their heads, while Rome burns.
@SallyQYates #leak that's WHY. #Trump doing his own investigation...
Biggest story is you & your WH admin "LIED" more than "Heads UP" if MSM didn't call you out he would still be there.
Biggest story today between Clapper & Yates is on surveillance. Why doesn't the media report on this? #FakeNews!
Fake POTUS lies & bullies 2 get his way. He thinks it's Strength. No, it destroys the good of USA. We MUST devise a way to get rid of him.
Freudian slip Andrea?
Yates did this for political reasons - Clifton jepordized national security a lot more than Flynn with her private server sending class info
Let's hear what Susan Rice has to say about her leaking classified info that told Russia directly how we got the info on Flynn.
So, ur angry someone leaked info to press, but not angry Flynn broke laws? Incredible! I'm glad was leak, else Flynn still around. #Treason
The only crime identified thus far is providing classified info to the press - FACT.
Because the deal with Russia meant Flynn in office, ready to do the bidding of the Kremlin. They didn't want to let him go & upset Putin.
Remember, Trump wanted him as VP. Then Trump likely realized this would make HIM a target for Russia to install Flynn directly.
Reasonable people can draw reasonable conclusions. Trump knew or didn't care, because he was likely compromised himself.
@lrozen @ChrisCoons that's easy it's because they're all guilty
EXACTLY!
Who goes 2prison complicit w Trump? #YatesHearing 
@JohnCornyn @tedcruz @ChuckGrassley @LindseyGrahamSC 

http://watergate.info/analysis/casualties-and-convictions …
This goes far deeper than Flynn.  Legit journalists need to go back to the beginning.  Find a source within Defense Intelligence Agency.
Did it really take 18 days to "make up" Flynn resigned story??? #fireallofthem
18 minutes eventually took Nixon down. Imagine what 18 days are going to do to Trump.
Were you struck at the time?
