Watergate: One mic inside DNC HQ
Obamagate: ENTIRE NSA spying on millions of unaware Americans.
SHAME ON YOU, COONS!
There's no crime as Ds well know Sessions correct not to reveal private conversations with @POTUS
I was just reminded that was what Holder did regarding conversations he had with Obama about Fast & Furious.
Wrong. As usual. Holder claimed exec priv. Sessions did not. Stop getting alt facts from Fox
Chris - stop your dishonest rhetoric...do your job and get a special prosecuter for
the real criminals and stop wasting our money
COONS trying to make a Name for himself
He can't take care of Delaware 
Another Incompetent Senator
Here is your Answer Chris!  You are living in a fantasy on the backs of your constituency. Prove your case or get to fucking work.
No. He's using integrity.
Same policy Obama used but there wasn't a problem then. Amazing how it's only ok if left does it
Where was this douche bag when they questioned holder?
Can't you interview somebody real ? Oh wait, it's DC...
WTH does that mean? Real?
I know, I know !
AGs duty is to the ppl, not protecting the Pres.Sessions is a lawyer and he knows the Repubs won't force the issue.
Protecting the President is protecting the people. If President tells it Sessions can Dem obstruction helps people ?
Greta I use to think you were fair. Now I think maybe someone is drinking the kook aid....
Good! None of their business and they are wrong... we don't CARE!
Sen.Coons should be subpoenaed to testify on WHY Obama's DOJ spied and unmasked millions of Americans without permission.
kind of like Obama's people did last term. ....grow up!
Stop spending taxpayers money on this witch hunt. We're not paying you to be a grand inquisitor.
Enough irresponsibility from Coons. He's now calling for Sessions & Comey to appear together for questioning.
Bullshit, another new phrase from the crybaby set...
Sen. Coons Complains The U.S. State Dept. Not Spending Enough Money WHAT MONEY? We OWE Trillions and we don't have money! PAY THE DEBT!
He didn't refuse to answer he just didn't answer as you wanted him to.
Clown @ChrisCoons is a no name politician who shames his constituents by wasting time pushing bogus fantasies instead doing his JOB.
After tonight's show, I haves stopped recording Greta's show and plan to unfollow her soon. I urge others to do likewise
Greta showed her true colors tonight. She says she's fair an balanced. WHO BELIEVES THIS NOW?
Do you, Sen Coons, have so little respect for this great man whose given his life in service or do you really just hate Repubs that much?
FAIR AND BALANCED? In 15 minutes you asked leading questions to indict Sessions and Trump. I deleted rest of show and ended future recordng
Well I watched more and you got worse. What % of your guests were republicans. You belong on msnbc
Was it a gauzy policy when E Holder refused to disclose his conversations with Obama about Fast and Furious? Double standard!
Can't stay focused on the issue at hand?
Coons is a joke, wake up America and look at the facts and then what some of these Dems suggest
74 times 4 lorretta lynch !
It seems to me that since answers to sensitive questions are usually answered this way that those who continue asking should learn policy
How Dumb are these people have they never heard of Attorney Client Privilege. Sessions conversations with The President is that. Wow
Coons, you'r on the wrong side, dude.  Starting to question your common sense.
again the liberal spin
this us so over ,ur wasting our tax $, you looked like fools when dishonest go after the honest it never works for the dishonest .NOTHING
MSNBC folks...... move along
get over it your party lost! Get back to Delaware and keep screwing that state up
Really?  Wow
Gauzy politics? Coons thoughts are in the bedroom.
Has anyone asked these appointees if @realDonaldTrump required them to sign a NDA?
Now that is an interesting take on the evasive tactics in answering the questions. I like it.
Hypocrites get back to work for the people not your party
Seems that he did better than Eric Holder on Fast and Furious!  Right??
I am moderate (57% Rep & 43% Dem).  Dems are clueless and keep pushing more mods to the right.  End the baseless witch hunt & get to work.
??What policy is that???
When did Sessions lie when he said that Comey did the right thing with Hilary or when he said today that Comey had to be fired for that?
Why don't you do the job you were voted to do and stop this Russia nonsense. Nobody cares but the Dems
Lol
If u had any integrity u wld call this baseless charade exactly what it is. It is an assault on the ppl of this country.
Are there no 'thinking' liberals?
Greta, when are you going to call out your network on their continued fomenting of this charade?
@ChrisCoons as Sessions put it, you are "appalling and detestable" for putting taxpayers thru this charade. Grow up!
So sad greta....losing respect.
I've lost all respect. There's no way she can call tonight's show as fair and balanced
I repeat, a hoax to discredit a good man for political gain. Call them out, Greta!
Your democrat friend need to grow up and start chasing the entire Obama administration for answers on Russia and the truth will be unveiled
Constitutionally correct in refusing to answer
More BS
I hope the Dems follow up on this. The Repubs 4 the mst part seemed to ask softball questions. Subpoenas? Court order possible?
@greta who do you plan to invite to share the "other" side of this story?
He used the same as people that worked for Obama did & you defend them for using it! Start with the social sec that let in the Weird TV ppl!
What do you think @Greta?
Is this dude serious ? Senator Coons did we both watch the same hearings?
What's your opinion Greta? I missed your show.
Colorful analysis from the guy who once wrote an eye-catching article in college called "The Making of a Bearded Marxist". ;-)
Get new guests Greta
What about Holder? It was PROVEN he lied to congress. Why isn't he in jail?
Coons is full of crap. The only obstruction of justice came from AG Lynch.
Did he plead 5th? -NO Did he get caught on hot mike saying 2 the Russians that he'll have more flexibility after the election? No Obama did
Obama admin used it more
Another way of saying that the Dems had another bad day on the hill.
Why don't Mr. Coons question Lynch and Hillary about their involvement.
Sure...After we finish the Russia investigations.
Coons has nothing to offer.
Done absolutely NOTHING DELAWARE
NCC Executive to VP Biden Senate Seat 
No Gain for Delaware
Come on Chris use the terms real Americans understand vs the elitist...."gauzy"?
Wrong, it is called ethics, look up the meaning you probably need a refresher.
Coons being more than a little "shady"
Maybe he needs to recheck when Dems were on the stand..no one cared if they didn't answer.. But this Administration is crooked. HA HA
Maybe you all should getn new questions this is getting old and boring.
Why only his side FTR?   Are you fair or not?
Let's have 'em .
So Greta,  where are the rest of the facts that you hold in high regard?   What AG discussed today on this Guazy policy shd be public docs.
Shut up every AG under O plead plead out the fifth. You lost the election face it get a grip move on Sessions showed up and answered HONOR
Does nobody understand our constitution? He is not to answer questions that contain privileged info. It's a damn law!
You all forgat:(  Eric Holder did not answer ANY and he was Comteped to Congress.Obama WH personal got executive privilage not to testify
Is there something wrong with you All of a sudden u r a liberal? Really Truth @greta isWhy was he even there So Dems could grandstand ur sad
And sessions  is an honorable man and #Russia is a lie. #Nocollusion
You're funny
