Stay strong, Senator Hirono. Your principled leadership is so important. Thank you for fighting to #ProtectOurCare
She's trying to screw us, I don't want to pay for anyone's Healthcare but mine and my familys I don't care if you live or die.
May nothing surprising or devastating ever befall you or your family in your lifetime. Best wishes to you.
Well to late my mother died in 1978 I was 5 my dad paid off the hospital bills in 2005 he was proud he worked to pay them off
You don't honour your loved ones by letting hospitals and insurance companies feast on their bodies.  That's just twisted
You don't honor yours by being too lazy to get a job to pay for your own insurince
Oh honey, I'm Canadian  my parents honoured their kids by fighting for universal health care YEARS ago.  & yes I'm satisfied with it 
Your Healthcare sucks in Canada that's why I went anything is ever wrong with you people you come down to the 48 states
They arnt voting on your Healthcare your set for life how dare you take Healthcare for free then lecture others
U are an amazing woman! Your speech was amazing and so personal.Thank U 4 sharing your story & may God Bless you & your family.
I recently had surgery & radiation, with another surgery this fall because cancer sucks. Your words touched my heart. Thank you
Ahona!
I play this daily and sometimes often in that day thanks for your words and  compassion
No one ever imagined that not having healthcare would be normalized in the USA. Support what she supports. Simple things.
Go Senator Hirono!! Marvelous speech! we love you in the 808
Thank you Senator!  I am praying for your perfect health.
Thank You Senator and best wishes for a full recovery for you!
OHANA!
We can handle our own lives, thank you very much. Free market insurance would lower costs across the board. Competition drives prices down.
That is a blessing that you can handle your own life. Will you acknowledge everyone is not as fortunate as you?
Yes. But we have programs for the needy. I have no problem with that. We're paying anyway, with the taxes and surcharges on top. Money scam.
What programs r there 4 the needy? WHO is charging us taxes & surcharges (for walls Mexico was to pay 4) now we r?
If he don't want it, that's his decision. And I will GLADLY do my part to get The Wall.
Like u don't wish 2 "aid" others 2 b healthy, I don't mind isn't my desire 2 pay 4 a wall 2 cause division-differences n opinion
G-d bless you, Senator Hirono, and heal you!
They don't care because THEY HAVE INSURANCE. . .
Madam,you are the truest of heroines and i pray God speed your full recovery.Thank you for voting for all of us.Aloha
Thank you!
I cannot believe the administration has doubled-down on the blackmail, this time threatening Senator's personal healthcare (& 2 mem w/cancer
That is not the end of the world to you ok
Pa Leeeeeeeeeeeeeez Mazi. Sorry for your Battle with disease.  BUTmakingIT about politics and hating on Republicans? MEAN
Thank you for speaking so beautifully & forcefully. ACA saved my life & husband's. I weep at the repeat tries to kill it. Long life to you 
Why don't you use ObamaCare then?
I want you and ALL of us to have healthcare. Get Well. Prayers.
Beautiful speech, thank you, Sen Hirono. I'm grateful for your clarity and power.
MN girl with immense respect for you, Senator Hirono. Best wishes for all time.
Thank you for all you do, my prayers are with you. I to have stage 4 cancer, breast cancer. I will die without this insurance
fw: CHEMO SPREADS CANCER FASTER
Not many greater than @maziehirono; She is a lioness, hunted and coveted for everything she is/has. Please support her. Wake up.
Mazie I'm on the same boat as you,Five years since diagnosed. We need to add cancer research to the defense budget.We are all under attack
 you can do it!
Thank you for your service to America and it's citizens!
Watching you speak to all your colleagues made me feel at least there is one person in Washington DC who gets it!  Thank you!!
Yes compassion, we must reach their hearts, the hearts that showed you compassion.
You are my hero!  Bless you for your strength, persistence, compassion, and humility amidst the craziness of those around you.
Thank you Senator for your service and prayers for comfort, healing, and strength.
Now you know on which side of the isle all the two faced phonies cling. Insincerity at its best!
SenatorHirono: Thank you for speaking on the Senate floor. You speak for many more than your constituents in HI. Speedy recovery, Senator!
Blah, blah,blah. Same old story. You embarrass me and our state.
Sen Hirono, your address to Congress was so powerful. I only wish Obamacare was available in IN. GOP governors saw fit not to not accept it.
We #standwithhirono we u
Second that Malenna  #Standwithhirono
Wish I could say I stand with me senators but  helllllllllllll to da noooooo way !!!!!! #beto4senate 2018
You're one of them, not one of the poor or disabled.  They can have compassion for you
God bless you Senator Hirono
Senator HIRONO what a difference between you and McCain
Absolutely 100%. One cares for the people and one cares for the glory. She is inspiring.
Thank you, @maziehirono. You have modeled courage and humanity for us all. May the @GOP get how critical that is. #SaveACA #Savemedicaid
Thank you for your courage. I hope you are recovering well.
Yea, where is that now?
Thank you for your compassion, honesty and strength!! And may you have a full recovery
B/c y'all take care of yourselves and your own, notion not at all. Or was question rhetorical?
Thank you for standing up. W/out healthcare I couldn't continue to to teach. You never know when you'll be the one who needs the insurance.
Senator McCain got praise for his courage, but you are also another "Profile in Courage" for your courage to carry on despite health issues.
Thank you for your fight!
Very moving speech, thank you (and I live in Germany and don't need your HC)! How hard must it be to know though that DT couldn't care less!
Moving, brilliant, defiant. Chicken skin. Mazie is and has been fearless in her opposition to Trump. Thanks for your leadership
She was fabulous. I am still bewildered when I see yet another example of man's inhumanity to man as evidenced by this horrible bill
@maziehirono, you & 49 other senators deserve gratitude along with cheers for J. McCain.  Deeply grateful this SHAM didn't pass.
I love you Mazie.i don't know you personally. You exude compassion, grace, and empathy. We need your spirit in all of us. Peace b with u.
Thank you for fighting so hard to do what is right. America needs more Senators like you.
Our Representatives lose nothing by repeal. Instead they would regain their former no premium insurance they had before 2014. #Disengeuous
Thank you for caring. Thinking of you, <3 <3 <3
Thanks to people like Senator Hirono we have proof that we still live in a democracy. Despite the unfortunate state of the Executive Branch.
Thank you
You are a courageous woman!  And, you look fantastic!  Be well!
Thank you so much for being such a compassionate advocate for the sick, poor, & disabled.
THANK YOU FOR YOUR VOTE.
Thank you Senator for your service when you should be resting.
Mahalo nui Senator.  Ur speech embodied d'tru SPIRIT of ALOHA.  D'808 STATE stands beside u w/PRIDE! Malama Pono a me iesu pu. Imua lanikila
Thank you, Senator, for speaking truth from your heart.  We need many more courageous people like you in the Senate.
Thank you Senator Hirono for speaking for us!
Thank you so much for your strength and courage in standing up for all of us against those who would deprive healthcare from Americans!
Bc GOP don't care unless they can wring you of $$
Thank you for your commitment to the American people and for standing strong!
I'm sorry to be the one to tell you, Senator, but most of the people who care are not in your party.
If you want compassion and understanding. You are on the wrong side of the spectrum! Today's republicans are about corp profits! not more!!!
THANK YOU ... for your LEADERSHIP ... this country needs YOU!
Thank you for your grace and courage!
Much respect for you and your strength in making a difference to others lives.
Very powerful speech, I wish you healing for your cancer.  Wish #senate focus on fixing ACA instead wasting money repeal & start all over.
Thank you for sharing your story and for your vote. Best wishes to you
Thank you for traveling a long distance, in the middle of your care to assure other American receive health care as well.
STAY STRONG SENATOR.... I believe in you I believe in compassion 
STAY STRONG SENATOR.... I believe in you I believe in compassion 
Thank you for your service to the country, a voice of strength/compassion. We need more Senators like you. Wish you the best, keep fighting!
Thank you for your dedication to the people of this country.  Yours was a beautiful speech.
concern,consideration,compassion-the GOP hasn't gotten to those words yet-they're still at b
depends on what kind of insurance you have if you are covered for the treatment you R getting. But the more used for immigrants the less 4U
Thank you for your words! Thank you for your service and sacrifice!!!   
It takes a heart, a good heart. It takes an unblemished soul, humaneness!
Much Mahalo, Senator. An inspiration that you find the strength to fight for the millions during your battle.
They will choose their donors money over human being every time. Once you've sold it, your soul stays sold.
Thank you for returning to vote. Be well.
Healing and strong energy your way Senator Hirono. Mahlo
Thank you for standing up against heartless Trumpcare. Much luck and a good outcome with your treatment!
Thank you Senator. Healing thoughts being sent your way.
I am sure you dont have Obamacare. Your premiums are not increasing with deductibles through the roof...

Thank you for your strength, compassion and courage.  You are a true hero.  Know you have the prayers of your fellow Americans.
I appreciated your  eloquent work against the repeal.
@Thom_Hartmann Good work, all the best in your recovery. I've got loved ones in treatment but here no worry exc to get better.
Dear Senator Mazie my heart and soul go out to you.  I shall pray for you as I pray for my small but strong immediate family and myself .
Thank you.
Thank you Senator Hirono, a Patriot, a strong woman leader - an example for us all.
What a hypocrite politician . Exempt from #AHCA but imposes it on the masses. #DrainTheSwamp
Congratulations Senator for your heroic vote, good luck with treatment for your cancer,much respect from all of us
Thanks for your courage!
Finally heard all of this. Sen Hirono I am proud you are a senator who represents the people and not your pocketbook. Thank you.
Much love, respect and prayers for you. Wish more representatives had your compassion, honor and bravery. Bless you and your family. 
Stay strong, you are a beacon of hope and sanity. Prayers for peace and strength in your own battles.
Money talk.
Thank you and all my love and good thoughts for a good prognosis for you!
Bless you.
It has taken us 3 years to pay off my cancer bills and I have good healthcare. Without it our family would be bankrupt
One tough lady!
Thank you for your courage and service.
TY Senator and e pono
Thank you for traveling so far to vote NO to a harmful bill and saving the ACA. #hero
Thank you for your courage and commitment in coming to Wash for Health care vote. Amazing strength. Godspeed on your personal journey.
I wish everyone of you to have a healthy life and also to have luck with your cancer illness, Senator Hirono.
Im very sorry about what's happening in the United States but Im so much more sorry for those people who value money more than human life
Thank you for all that you do. Stay strong, we are all praying for you!
#compassion
This Senator gets it.
You are an amazing Senator an amazing woman a role model.Thank u 4  doing your job despite your diagnosis and treatment! #KeepGoing #Resist
We definitely need your voice.if I did not have insurance I probably would not have had the best care 16 years ago.  Stay strong senator.
Thank you Senator Hirono for your heartfelt compassion. I have seen uninsured die because of no insurance.  It hurts my heart. I am praying
Thank you so so much for your strength and bravery. I'm praying for you and your family. 
Thank you! And the best of health to you. #ProtectOurCare
Thank you Senator Hirono for your compassion & courage for standing up for 16 million Americans who'd lose health coverage!
Beautiful speech. Thank you for your commitment, your service in the midst of your personal battle. Lets move this towards real reform.
Mahalo plenty! Thanks for standing up for the rest of us. Take care of yourself and beat that disease! We need you! #MySenator #ManaWahine
Thank you for your service to the country Ma'am
Just to convey my admiration and sincere wishes. Stay strong!
Thank you Sen. Hirono!
Beyond politics, human compassion.
Thank you. From the daughter of a woman fighting cancer your call for compassion means so much to me. I am proud to call you my Senator.
Thank you for your support of the American people. Your courage in standing up to presidential pressure is inspiring. God Bless & keep you
I admire ur determination 2 ContinueWork Despite Ur Condition.
I dont know U personally, but Im sorry this is happening2you, Senator.  Good luck N ur efforts 2treat it.  My Aunt had stage4 LungCancer.
There were 3 who showed courage. The rest are just party shills on both sides
Wow..I had heard she had given an amazingly touching/honest speech, unfortunately, I was unable to see it live. What a person/woman.
Thank you, @maziehirono, for so eloquently putting things into perspective.
Thank you for your service.
Senator Hirono is another reason I'm proud to be a Democrat and a caring liberal.
The asian community of over 1+ billion love you! #YOUARESTRONG
All sounds good until there is no healthcare for anyone - no doctors willing to work for free - no insurers that want to cover your state.
Easy to talk compassion when your health plan covers everything and I pay for it.  Let's talk compassion when you have to pay for your own.
You are the TRUE hero Senator @maziehirono!!! Thank you for your steadfast commitment to this country & the health of all of us 
Of course you say what you think is right for we Americans YOU have great health care thru Congress not what we have Obamacare is a joke
We  you!
 Thank you, Senator Hirono, thank you!
Stay strong!
Obamacare is a SCAM forced upon the working American. Working man can't afford the premiums or deductible. Obamacare is a failure.
Thank you Senator for saving my healthcareI am Eternally Grateful to you. I will pray everyday for your healing. God Bless You
An American hero
Thank you for your courageous, passionate and personal speech. Thank you for your vote.
Compassionate speech but how did you vote?Don't recall you voting to kill this bill. 3 senators opposed where was your name ?
God bless you Senator Hirono.  You are one hell of a woman, I wish there was more Senators like you serving their constituints.
Thank you for putting the welfare of millions of Americans before your own comfort.  They could learn from your example!
You poor little girl.
Be strong Senator Hirono! Fight the good fight! We are behind you! Love from Ireland !
Thank you for your compassion for all US citizens.
@Slate @ArarMaher @MotherJones @thehill @Salon @TeaPainUSA Telling the truth, sincerely and honestly. So different and inspiring! Bravo!
Gutsy lady
True American
We should never allow our government to make decisions and pass laws based on pure emotion. If you can't debate the facts, then be quiet.
I'm with you. Thanks for standing strong.
Thank you Senator. Women like you inspire all of us to be our best selves. Cried last night when I heard your speech and now once again.
It's jut more important to kill & harm people so they can have more money.
Thank you for flying back for the vote & making that beautiful, impassioned plea to the Republicans. You are an inspiration!
Stay strong
Thank You!
Awesome speech!
You get enough free shit... stop it
Your GOP colleagues have healthcare paid for by the very people they are determined to take it away from.
Who Rules The World? GIRLS!! Thank you for your courage, stamina and grace.
A superb speech by Senator Hirono.  Thank you for speaking up for the majority of this country.
Thank you for fighting for others lives as well as your own! I praise you as an American hero!
Thank you Senator for all your work - you were eloquent, passionate & courageous... wish you all the best, now & for the future ..
#THEREALpasdaEL
GOP tries to steal HEALTHCARE FROM MILLIONS + GETS SHUT DOWN BY AMERICAN HERO THAT TRUMPY THE COWARD DISSED EARLY IN CAMPAIGN
#TRUMP_COWARD
Bless you Senator Hirono
Thank you Sen Hirono!  Yes ...evidentially it's easy for some in Congress to vote against healthcare, when their own coverage is exempted!
Thanks senator for a wonderful speech and your exceptional bravery. Wish you a full recovery.
