your pusillanimity is unbounded
Agreed. Don't give him a hearing. #stolenseat #rewardingbadbehavior #doormat
SMDH.
oh, grow up.
Yes, give the man who started a club called "Fascism Forever" a fair hearing.
Gorsuch deserves a fair hearing -- WHEN IT'S HIS TURN.

Merrick Harland got in line first. A YEAR BEFORE YOU !!!
This is incredibly stupid.
you're a joke
You had better hold firm and vote against him, for your liftime you will be held responsible for his disastrous decisions
what is wrong with you?
as a DE voter I'm very disappointed & hope you'll take a stand against GOP wrongdoing & a lifetime nomination by a suspect prez.
why support white supremacy? Just say 'no' and have some honor and dignity.
how about you fight for your constituents instead?
You're absolutely insane. Why would you do this?
I'm a Delaware voter, I support the filibuster.
We also don't need an SJ justice who will not disavow Trump's slander against fed judges/judiciary.
what the fuck is wrong with you
I disagree. It should be what the everlasting fuck is wrong with you??
You are my Senator and I am disappointed in this statement. This is exactly why we need New Democrats in our Party.
that's a dumb commitment
I donated to your campaign. Voting on this nominee is complicity with Trump treason. No vote when Pres is under investigation!
Enabling the Rs is insane. We, the voters who kept Obama in office, deserve to have Obama's nominee seated on the SCOTUS 1st. 
Jesus, you're a clown
why? He shouldn't be given a hearing until AFTER Garland has been given his. You continue to spit on the constitution! SAD!
absolutely pathetic.
they're doing good work over at @DemSocialists ...
That's not even close to fair or equal. Duh!
Why? The GOP won't return the favor. They are playing a zero sum game.
"A liberal is a man too broadminded to take his own side in a quarrel." - Robert Frost
this is a commendable thought. We lost the election because of political correctness. Oppose and fillibuster. This was stolen
You don't have to be fair to people who are unfair to you.
block him! No #gorsuch
if you don't get this bullshit out of here...
ah, the old "just roll over and let 'em win" gambit.
Do you guys even realize the rules have changed?
I hope you get primaried
so, you're just playing into the Republicans plans. Take a damn stand. Dems need to stop letting them get away with everything.
.@ChrisCoons No. Trump has already filed for re-election. Supreme Court nominees apparently can't be heard during an election year.
Wait what? You are making a joke correct? How could Trump file now, to run again in four yrs?

Thank you so much!
Please don't. That is a stolen seat. Gorsuch is bad news. Please obstruct this awful administration every step of the way.
wtf man
this is why Dems have lost over 1000 seats in the last eight years - Spineless Dem pols who refuse to fight for their country.
grow a spine. #NoGorsuch #MerrickGarland #Legacy
Boo! Pathetic. Time to grow a pair. This is how Democrats will continue to get NOTHING.
I usually don't curse but fuck that #resist
That's a shame.
coward
Why???
what the fuck is wrong with you?
Hey, if you're gonna be a chickenshit, might as well be the biggest one, pal. Go big, amiright?
Not impressed.
Your statement can be taken 2 ways, I like the sarcastic version. @GOP deserve nothing 4 their obstruction against the black guy

Should be on hold until the Russia investigation is complete. That there is even a hearing is a travesty after Garland + Russia.
he's a self avowed fascist.  Hearing's over.  Not qualified.  QED
Another typical, spineless D. (Why the Ds don't get my vote.) If this is what you are, step down.
Fucking Criminy!
Are you the victim of Stockholm Syndrome? Fighting lying, cheating bullies like the GOP with kindness and fairness won't work.


sorry sir, but wrong way - either filibuster or leave the hearings-no legitimacy to illegitimate nom by pres of same status
"A liberal is a man so broad-minded that he won't take his own side in a fight"
Seriously, this is how we lose.
You are aiding and abetting a stolen seat then. Defend our country.
huh? They play dirty and you act as if rules matter?
Thank you sir, may I have another.
Even with gerrymandering, voter suppression & now Russian collusion, Dems have tried to play fair. Not this time. Take a stand!
Why? Seriously. Why?
did trump get to you?
You're doing it wrong. This is why the GOP gives Dems no respect and never will as long as you keep doing this shit.
So you admit Garland never got fair treatment..and your solution is to kiss the GOP's ass? What the heck is wrong with you?

The problem is that the man who nominated him is under investigation for collusion with Russia. Table until we have findings.
boooooooo
"Dad, what is a Democrat?" "Well son, not long ago they were one of the 2 major parties in our country." #Resistahahahahahance.
Why?
That makes no sense. This president is under FBI investigation. No more appointments.
Congress should not allow a POTUS whose campaign is under investigation for colluding with Russia to fill a lifetime SCOTUS seat
As a loyal Democrat, who has given time & $$$ to numerous candidates,you are losing your base. This post makes me sick. Eff you!
McConnell and company have to be laughing their asses off about that. Pathetic.
Why not be committed to giving Garland that fair and thorough hearing
That's high minded of you but the nominee of a president under FBI investigation doesn't deserve a vote. #opposegorsuch
The GOP would literally kick you in the groin if it could benefit them. Why do this? They hate you.
if a candidate can't be appointed during final year, they shouldn't be appointed during FBI investigation
In other words, you're committed to seeing that McConnell's unprecedented obstruction succeeds.
Ridiculous stance. Embarrassing really.
It's not his seat. Oh, and the guy that nominated him is under investigation by the FBI.

Why not commit yourself to getting Merrick Garland the hearing he never got?
pls resign and delete your account
Better line up your next job.
When Trump is cleared and not a moment before.
your action will do nothing more than teach Republicans that doing what's wrong pays off with greater political power.
this is wrong. He was submitted by a traitorous fascist and Gorsuch himself has been sympathetic to voter suppression advocates.
GOP is rewarded for blocking President Obama?   Hope you're voting NO on #Gorsuch
Well that's pretty stupid.
why?
Wrong. Gorsuch gets nothing...
Whaaaaaat? That's a joke, right?
.@ChrisCoons The ONLY way you can be fair and thorough is to aggressively expose and oppose Gorsuch. He is unfit to serve. #GorsuchHearing
you should instead commit to giving Both nominees exactly the same treatment. Exactly.
#RESIST
Coward.
Now is NOT the time to high road. This was a stolen seat being filled by an illegitimate president via a questionable election
you are impressively useless sir. Grow a pair.
You don't get points for saying this.
We should b comitted 2 hearing, then suspending any vote until a hearing is held for Garland, an apology occurs or Trump resigns
Why? This is reason that we lose, we are too busy playing nice.
So, INSIST Garland be given a hearing first. Tbmk, Obama never withdrew G's nomination. Who says O's end of term affects that?
why? We don't owe him anything but a fat NO!
Wait until the Russian/Trump campaign collusion is settled.
I believe that seat belongs to Merrick Garland.
Why?  Republicans would have burned down the House if they were in our shoes.
you are the problem
No. Just NO. Dems want warriors right now. Protect. Obstruct. Or prepare to be replaced.
.@ChrisCoons traitor, coward or both. Do your job!!
I would too, as long as #MerrickGarland got his hearing first, and was given a thumbs down, so next nominee in line was up.
.@ChrisCoons so called president is under investigation for treason. Treason. If you vote for ANYTHING (let alone SCOTUS), you're a traitor
Well that's awfully big of you, and a complete misreading of your base. Vote for him and you're in electoral trouble.
Think about it and then vote against. Read his history of decisions.
What does feckless mean?
We need strength, not capitulation.
You cannot negotiate from a position of weakness. Instead you admit defeat or FIGHT LIKE HELL.
"Stop! Or I'll say 'Stop!' again!"
Are you out of your blooming MIND?! After EIGHT YEARS, you HAVEN"T learned?! Honestly, you're like the English bobby who says 1/
WHY??? Because you believe in "fair play" Screw them and their nominee!
You're rewarding GOP hostage-taking. Gorsuch should get a fair hearing... right after Garland gets his. Til then, filibuster!
miles of nope
Nah
And you will have taught an entire party that their efforts of withholding a hearing/vote for over a year was worth the effort.
that's a bad decision.
It's not about Gorsuch. No SCOTUS while Trump under FBI/NSA investigation.  Who knows where it will lead.
This is why we're here. Dems confuse being civil w/ being gutless.
I'll be blunt. Dems will be demanding primaries for any of you who vote for him. Be prepared to find a new job.
Then you need to be primaried, because this is bullshit. Get a spine. Or you will be fired.
Great, then interview the guy and stop licking Goresuch's boots. The man is a political animal, he hides it behind lots of professorial BS..
yesterday Senator Graham said he believes Democrats would've done the same thing they did to Garland. norms are already dead
why are you playing Weekend at Bernie's with Senate comity when the other party is collaborating with foreign powers
wouldn't it be better to be committed to ensuring that Merrick Garland gets a fair and thorough hearing
Dammit, Coons. Who CARES about fairness! We're fighting against the will of a president who is UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION. are you kidding?!
As long as that hearing culminates in a "no" vote, I'm good with that. He's too corporate.
How much are you getting from the Kochs?
At what point will you learn there's no point to playing fair when your opponents haven't and won't?
Decorum and "having standards" don't seem to impress anyone nowadays. Just advance your constituents' interests, please.
hey, I'm from Delaware, you need to obstruct the shit out of Gorsuch
nope just stop, you will always lose when one side never plays by the rules
Nazi sympathizer @ChrisCoons pledges to give Trump nominee Gorsuch "the fair and thorough hearing Garland never got"
I am committed to ensuring that Gorsuch is given the fair & thorough hearing that Merrick Garland never got. #SCOTUS
I just don't think POTUS should get to appoint a SCOTUS seat during his last year in office...
but have you considered not doing that instead?
you are a fool who doesnt understand politics

The government should be shut down until we get the bottom of #TrumpRussia
WHY? You are endangering lives this way. None of your constituents want this.
"I am committed to giving the Republicans my lunch money again and again." Chris "wedgie" Coons
@TeeTweetsHere Stop trying to be a hero. He should not even be considered let alone hearings. Grow a spine!
"... immediately after a hearing and vote on Judge Garland."
Not unless Garland gets it first
"they go low, we give them what they want bc that's what best friends do"
It's time for you to fight, not play nice with bad faith actors. Get ready for your primary.
This is not politics as usual. All his appointees need FULL vetting by Congress. This is not OK. #thisisnotnormal
maybe you could spend that time fighting for our best interests instead?  Just vote no and move on.
yes, we get it, you're the very civilized man, there's no need to belabor the point.  Can you please start fighting for us now?
Umm... Why? The dude who nominated him might get impeached for treason. Maybe slow it down a bit.
.@ChrisCoons Will you next demonstrate that theft is wrong, by not "stealing back" your property from the burglars who took it?
Are you just determined to tell your supporters to kiss your asses? You don't have to be the bigger person- our lives at stake.
BULLSHIT GORSUCH DOESN'T DESERVE A HEARING POINT BLANK PERIOD
Bad. Strategy.
why bother?? We need to fight the way they're fighting. We won't be able to make a difference if we always take the high road.
Elementary game theory, look up "tit-for-tat".
just roll the hell over then, man. My dude, they are using your "moral high ground" against you. Please listen to US.
who are you representing? The base fucking hates this. Even the media is trying not to laugh at this
you are doing this to yourselves. Admit you don't know how to do politics. Let the energy take over your party. You're awful
The Democrats are flaccid and weak. You let the Republicans walk all over you and then wonder why you lose the House and Senate.
don't
yeah no
"I am willing & ready to give the driver who ran over me with a car and then backed up over me again a chance to finish the job"
Found your party's new logo, Senator.
why?
This is a miscalculation
