Pres. Trump: There were "very fine people on both sides" at Charlottesville white supremacist rally. http://abcn.ws/2fJ669u  
We need to see white supremacy for what it is - an evil ideology that denies the truth that all of us are created equal.
Please do something. This latest fiasco by Trump is sickening and horrifying. I am afraid. We need sane leadership.
The Republicans are going to have to grow some balls.
Why aren't neo-nazis considered a terrorist organization? They follow a group that has killed or persecuted more than many terrorist orgs
Exactly!!
418,000 Americans died not so long ago fighting Nazis and now the Republican Party seems to be saying "Their lives didn't matter"
Thank you Senator. Please urge the House to impeach and push for 25th amendment. @Potus is a Nazi sympathizer, willfully dividing the nation
Ok, agree. But what r u going to do about it? The Senate is not powerless.
There is no way a group of men of color could walk freely down the street dressed n this manner. NO FRICKIN WAY
You know I just bet if it was a BLM rally you would have seen plenty of force , just sayin
Or who will walk beside those carrying swastikas or wearing those robes!
YOU & all of Congress are our only hope! #ImpeachTrump #impeach #banbannon
Thanks for standing up against racism, Chris.  Keep fighting the good fight.
Thank you, Senator
Translation- he knew some of them & they said they like him, so they are fine people. Narcissists seek adoration, literally blind to events.
I am so sad.
Or among those who would continue to walk with them while they shouted hateful slogans
And we don't see those terrorist organizations "protesting" down the street
Your tweet is a disgrace. Trump never said anything close to what you are implying. He clearly distinguished between them and Nazi's.
I bet that @realDonaldTrump housed some of the white supremacists that attended the march at his home in Charlottesville.
Naw, Airbnb to tried to shut down those guys
trump is an Amazing Disgrace! #AmazingDisgrace
Might someone even call them deplorable?
Love it Senator...
Absolutely, conclusive proof that our sitting president is addlebrained.
If u don't DEMAND Prez goes then your words mean nothing. 
As a Jew I am repulsed & repulsed by any senator who accepts Prez
EXACTLY!!!
This cannot be said enough. Why did he want to call Nazis fine people?
You must do something to get this man out of office!  he is going to incite a culture war!  he is dangerous! #ImpeachTrump
Amen!
End. Of. Story.
Maybe Trump should watch Vice's documentary on Cville where an armed Nazi had so many guns, he forgot just how many he'd packed.
He is unable to make a moral distinction between ACTUAL NAZIS & those who would fight them. Thank God he wasn't in charge during WWII.
The Hell is full of that kind of gentle people, specially when they are full of racial hate.
Exactly!! Or Carrying Torches!! Spewing Trash From Their Mouth's!
You know how Lewinsky became a term for a certain act. I think the name trump will be synonymous with the most vile of humans
I will tell my kids "Don't be a Trump" if they  say/do something mean or disrespectful.
Who the hell issued a permit to these animals??? So f'd up!!
Get rid of this human garbage . Talking about trump
There is simply Not one person caring a swastika that is a good person. Not even one. Not even close.
There is two sides. The one where you carry it with pride. The other side where you carry it with pride to an industrial shredder.

You speak the truth
Amen.
#WethePeople agree Senator #ImpeachTrump
Well, at least we know what side the "Bearded Marxist" is on.
Thank you, Senator Coons! As a native Southerner transplanted to Delaware, I am proud to have you representing me.
Hurry up and #ImpeachTrumpNow while we still have a semblance of a country left to salvage
Stop being political Senator, both sides had weapons but people on both sides did not.Y don't you come down on on dem mayor and gov ordering
You continually misrepresent the Pres words and actions. What a hold the serpent has on you.
how crazy is he and when does the GOP put him down
I have never in my life been so embarrassed from the actions of someone who represents We The People worldwide
Do you thinkit's time for him to do a rally with "his base" now?  Can imagine what that would look like.  We're in trouble.
I believe it will feature lots if hoods and torches
He is clearly insane. Equating tearing down confederate statues with George Washington and Thomas Jefferson is mark of a deranged lunatic.
Or carrying tiki torches, and chanting antisemitic slogans.
@ABCPolitics     Trumps "fine people" at #Charlottesviille
You are absolutely correct, Senator. Thank you for your words and service.
What everyone witnessed was the virtual unhooding of @realDonaldTrump. Everyone can see who he really is.
Please do something about Trump.. Kick azz out of office..
Senator, what are you and your colleagues going to do about the racist Nazi-enabler who is a dire threat to our Democracy?
Sir please do everything you can to remove this man from the oval office.
Please begin the impeachment process for Trump. Please help us. We, the People, cannot endure much more.
Thank you Senator.  This is horrifying and disgusting that a US President would pander to nazis and white supremacists.
Surely now you will seriously look for a way to be rid of this madman
And those who stand with them not agents them are no better. Trump identified with them as “us”.
The people with swastikas and klansman robes were a very small % of the people who were there--unless you just want to slander everyone
Mr. Coons, please do everything in your power to help remove this dangerous man from office.
Surely you're not referring to a former Democrat Senator... lovin on a Democrat Presidential Candidate... nah.
What about those carrying hammer & sickle and wearing hoods and face masks?
The people Trump was referring to weren't wearing Klansmen robes.

Your ignorance is astonishing.
