The American People were the true heroes on this push back - we would not let the government rip our healthcare from us.
There are good things and bad things about the "healthcare". Bad: Politicians/Drs get "kickbacks", NO competition, Draining mid class $, etc
Bad continued: website cost taxpayers millions. (I'm sure I'm missing something). Good things about healthcare. Gave poor free healthcare.
PLEASE WORK WITH OUR @POTUS & SENATORS TO FIX HEALTHCARE! NOT FAIR/MORAL TO/FOR MIDDLE CLASS TO PAY SO MUCH! #AMERICANSFIRST #MAGA
I love American
Really???  Im in chemo  and my bills are  thru the roof  they saved NOTHING!
Run, Joe! Run for President in 2020!!!!
Really you want touchy feely Joe  to  run ?? hahahahah
ADAPT protesters were awesome. Brought tears 2 my eyes & anyone with a heart. Put themselves at great risk being dragged from wheelchairs.
thank you Joe!!
How do tyrannical non-affordable prems & deducts save lives? How does forcing smbiz owners to pay all for others not lead to #AtlasShrugged?
Thank you Sir!
Hell yea Joe! Let's talk about ways to improve Obamacare, though. Gotta be honest with ourselves...
Maybe pressure Republicans to stop trying to steamroll/sabotaging it? Fix it for the people. If we're being honest. 
It needs to be fixed!!! It's getting worse each year. We already dropped our coverage because it so good!!!!!......lol
Again. It's getting worse because of the actions that republicans are taking to push it out. This has been reported on again & again.
But you can blame ACA because that's what they want you to do so they can claim they are the heroes.
The idea that they fix what they are breaking is what's laughable.
I'm sorry, republicans have nothing to do with this health care plan that was shoved down our throats.3 years ago it was so so
The plan was Romneycare. It was proposed by the American Heritage Foundation. O may have sponsored it, but it was Republican.
Hey Joe!
Why don't u give the people the same health coverage you have Joe Schmo
The middle class is broke but you keep believing this lie. Ol Uncle Joe, please tell us you are going to run. We Deplorables need a laugh.
If its so wonderful, how come you don't give up your health care plan & opt in to the one everyone else is forced into.......dumb@$$?
You are so WRONG. Live on it http://yourself.You  didn't even read it that's how intelligent you are.(not)
Ugh joe we had enough of you and Obama
GOP will pick up at least five seats in the Senate next year -- what you might call a "big f*cking deal" Joe!
They perpetuated a system designed to never achieve #SinglePayer
How so Joe? What was protected?
What is the DNC planning for 2018 for candidates in Congress.,Also for President 2020? I don't see anyone truly In charge. Pls give me hope!
Run for president
Bet you would feel diffrent if you were not exempt from Obamacare.
Yes
The ACA exploits & punishes many Americans to Pay fine for being poor, admit being a loser & accept GOV welfare, or stop filing tax returns.
Thank you @JoeBiden
We need you to run for President
To save a health care that is failing? Are you for real? Maybe you and the rest need to go on the health care and pay the same as rest of us
@JoeBiden thank you so much for everything you did for all of us while in office!!
No, thank you Mr. Vice President. You helped make the law possible. Now we just need to keep the Don's hands off of it.
They saved a program that is quickly bankrupting tens of thousands of families
So glad we have spent the first several months of the Trump presidency on such an epic waste of time. GOP strategy hasn't changed.
Until it fails entirely as planned. No single payer!!
There's still a battle. Glad to see a bipartisan group coming together to improve.
Thank you for your service Mr Vice President
Do you have and use #Obamacare ? Or do you and your family enjoy those subsidies? 
Obamacare made it so i cant afford testing because premiums doubled and my deductables went up to $8000. You are lying.
Thank you, Joe Biden for all your tireless efforts! Regards from NYC..
Thank you Joe Biden! You are a true American hero.
Not @RepGallagher - he voted for the house version that would literally take away health care from Americans
You are absolutely right, Mr. Biden. The Health of Millions and their lives. That's what counts.
Love you so much, you are a great role model.
Hillary was not much better choice than Trump, & that's why we are fd now. I'd love to see a great female as our POTUS. She is not.
Thank You for Your Service!!
Yes! Thank you, also Mr. V.P., for your wonderful service.
Run for president 2020, honor your son's memory fighting for a fair healthcare system in USA.
Thank you Joe
Yay!
Thank you for your time and energy in helping to save the ACA. Thank you for your call to @SenJohnMcCain. Thank you.
Thank you sir .... thank you!
Please run for president..we love you
Single payer !! #ditchbigpharma
The fight has just began pull up your bootstraps @JoeBiden @BarackObama. @NancyPelosi. @SenWarren. @SenSanders. @TheLeadCNN @WSJ.
Biden/Kennedy would KILL in 2020! Run Joe Run!
'ol pedophile Biden weighing in on politics again. Millions of people can't afford their insurance premiums because of Obamacare.
Miss you Joe!!!!!
Your not the Brightest of the bunch are you?obama Care puts Transgenders Above Veterans!
Run for president please!!!!! @JoeBiden
Thanks for burisma in Ukraine mofo
We would not be going through this had some white male dem leaders not found it necessary to hurt Hillary!  #StillWithHer  #GreatCandidate
YES!!!!!
I was woke years ago but then jumped back in for Hillary only to see MISOGYNY still very much alive among these men!
Yes democrat as much as Republican. As a professional female, hit me in the face throughout career. We aren't there yet 51 % of population.
Oh yes.   and you know exactly what I am talking about !
EXACTLY, marginalized, ignore, oh YEAH!  But I was persistent!
Much more access to business clubs, networking, financing for MEN than women.  Not that they have better ideas or work harder.
Steal our ideas and work, take credit. Uncomfortable around us and unattractive women not useful, attractive women must be dumb.
Great tweet, Joe. Now it's time to get back to working on your 2020 presidential campaign. It can't come soon enough! 
God forbid we'd have an experienced man with a brain whom people love in office. Who cares how old he will be if he can do the job well?
Thank you for continuing to care about our nation and the wonderful people that make it GREAT AS ALWAYS!  You're one of our American heros
obama's legacy will stay
Legacy???? What are you getting Free health care? This health care sucks!!!!!!
My wife and I are ardent fans...we want to say "In 2020...RUN JOE RUN"
Yes,thx for saving AHCA so the no-payers can ride on my dime.Will U now chip in & help me pay my 2018 $1200/2500ded/mo HC prem?
@TomWellborn Imiss you so Joe!
I know that your son would be proud of you Joe. You are a shining example of what it means to be a Gentleman and a human being.
Joe .. its time for you to join up with @SenJohnMcCain to develop your "Cancer Fight"  It would be nice to see a Dem w/GOP ...
See what @LindseyGrahamSC  and @SenDeanHeller are up to? They're baaaaaaaack!
Thank you, Mr. Vice President, for your invaluable work with your former colleagues in the Senate.
We need you and Obama back!!!!
#Biden2020
And made the pee-on keep paying the high rates for the cheap/skates cheats that don't pay a nickel now Joe u can pay for them alone not me
yes absolutely I agree 100% thank you to all
Joe we miss you and Jill too.
Run for office Joe Biden.
What did you say Joe. Give us a hug Joe
i want to register everyone in the US to vote. I can not do it alone. Would you help me?
If O'Bama care is so great & beneficial to the constituency, then why did politicians exempt themselves from it? Something suspicious there
Yes thank you!!!
Thk U. Bit it is NOT over. They are going after our lives again. Cockroaches never die.
no they didn't
Hmmm
We miss you  and wish you had run for president
I luv ya Joe, but the battle is half-won. Now we gotta fix everything the Republicans have sabotaged.
@AprilDRyan To me, @maziehirono is our hero. How could any male Republican not be moved?
please I will really like to know you
Know they didn't. How bout the millions n 43 counties left w/NO ins, but now have to pay a PENALTY b/c there R NO Carriers anymore? Putz.
And thank you for your service, Vice President Biden. #Resistance #RussiaGate
Joe! Hows that Time Machine coming? Is it ready? We need to go back JOE! Go back to O and Joe, our two favorite Bros... Wheres Doc & Marty
In case @realDonaldTrump or @Scaramucci want to know what an intelligent, well though out tweet looks like, this is it. #suckyourowndick
Love you Joe!!!!
Too bad the previous administration wasn't as concerned as much about VA healthcare.  Could have actually saved thousands waiting on care.
Joe is The Best
Please consider seriously running for president
Thank you for maintaining a presence Joe!
Think again!
I so hope you run for President.

Thanks for slowly killing me since I can't afford to go to the doctor!
Thanks Joe! Keep working behind the scenes
It's not over yet. Keep fighting and pushing for intelligent legislation that will actually improve Healthcare, not strip it from millions.
Insurance not care, at least be honest in your grandstanding.
I can't believe how absurd most of these comments are. Obamacare sucks! Get your facts!
Maybe so ... but it's better than having everything stripped away from you!
Nothing is being stripped away. Again GET THE FACTS. Millions have already been stripped. Robbed. All because of Obamacare.
Thank YOU sir. 
Congratulations Joe, to you and Obama. It's really joyous for your policy to be so endorsed and appreciated while your rival calls the shot.
We miss you Joe!

Thank you, "Uncle Joe". My brother is your biggest fan(He brought me around too)
You ruined  lives
Please run for #POTUS and get this maniac out of the WH.
In other words, I have to pay right at $100 a month to NOT HAVE Insurance so OTHERS CAN. ..........THOUGHTS?????
Hey Joe. I'm 62, disabled, on a fixed income and had to pay $1190 the past 2 years in fines because I can't afford $517/$1000 ded. a month.
Three GOP senators had the guts to stand up to a piss poor bill that would benefit no one...
Thank you!
V.P. Biden I THANK U FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY HEART! President Obama selected a VP w/integrity/intellect/compassion! If u did call JMcCain YES
thank you Joe. Come back, we need you!
I miss you man
Mr.Biden so did you and real Pres Obama. By introducing and passing the ACA. Hero's come in many forms. 2 i  have just mentioned.
obamacare should be repealed only and get government the hell out of healthcare!!
Yes, but it isn't over. People need to call out Trump and GOP for their sabotage and hold them accountable for current situation.
Rich people talking about healthcare that they don't have to participate in. Hmm
O'h Joe, shutty and wear a swim suit on your morning swim.Secret Service women don't want to see your #ShriveledOldBalls
Best vice president ever.  Ever ever ever.   Love you, @JoeBiden
Normal everyday Americans getting the job done
Thank you for your service sir.
Hey Joe where you going . They are going to take another swing. This game ain't over.
Says the man who is one of the main architects of America's mass incarceration structure
Sadly, our work is never done. They are gonna try again. Keep congress phone numbers on speed dial folks!
Miss you Joe!!
We miss you!
Yea because $950 a month for two people is really making a great healthcare system. Oh btw havnt had insurance in years, thanks.
I like you, your are black
Our son with Crohn's disease and blood clots on liver says thank you to all.
Just disappear joe. We don't need your socialist
And money
We could have avoided this whole mess if only you had run in 2016
Bull.
Thank you everyone who care for American people!
Hey, can you call @LindseyGrahamSC and ask him to knock it off with the whole gutting the #ACA thing? Thanks! #SaveACA #NoRepeal #Resist
Thank you Joe. We miss you!
Thanks for making the phone call, Mr. Biden.
Biden2020 
Anyway we can repeal that bank law now?
And, apparently we owe you a big thank you for lobbying McCain!
DJT is s TOTAL monster. Where is the impeachment, where is Mueller? Shame on trump threatening disabled and chronically ill. SOS
Offer a decent health care service to your citizens you mug,then gloating can be yours afterwards.As if things were grand before....
Let's push for a bipartisan expansion of Medicaid limited to counties with no health insurers. And ending the mandates. #aca
This is what democracy looks like (at 230am)!
Trump is threatening to undermine Obamacare and cause financial harm to Americans. This is extortion, a crime, at the highest level!
Yes they did!A country with healthcare for the poor is much less insecure and less violent.Only the stupid don't see that.Impeach Stupidity
We all miss you, sir.  So much. #bringbackbiden
The petulant child prefers millions of Americans to suffer & thousands to die if he doesn't get his way.
@clwhite58 we miss you Joe!!!!
I miss them all.
I was on obama care for 6 months. It helped me get coverage to fight my diabetes. I am very thankful.
Thank YOU sir. So good to know you are still out the fighting for us.
And thank you for working tirelessly to help protect us also
You're welcome Joe!
Bite me!
You're missed Vice President Biden
We miss you Joe!
Thank you VEEP!!! You are really missed!!!! All the best to you always! #bestveep #demsrule #democratscareforall
Unfortunately thanks to Graham it's not over yet. Why they can't work together and do what's right?  They are done come Nov 2018
What health care is that? The United States doesn't currently have health care. Liberals are obstructionists. @headadt
Its getting worse for some due to the GOP and the insurance companies
Wait 6 months & #FakePresident  @realDonaldTrump will claim he saved #ObamaCare from Mean #Republicans. 
Maybe if we start thanking him for saving the ACA now we can speed the process?
Ha! Yup. Let's thank #Trump for saving #ObamaCare, putting #Russia #sanctions in place AND giving full power to Mueller to investigate him!

Let's fix it not destroy it!
joe
Thank YOU. We love you and Dr. Jill Biden.
Yo Joe... your saving your own pockets, not the American people.  People in government are exempt from Obamacare!!! What do you know?
Thank you for calling McCain and continuing to work for decency in America.
You da man Joe!
Thank you.
