They burned witches back in the day
Mueller Is to chummy of pals with Comey
And Trump is to paley w/Putin & other murderers like, Erdogan, & Durterte
Really? U communist? Obviously u didn't mind Obamas cuddling them&terrorist#Iran $200 BILLIONgiveaway n small unmarked bills taxpyr dollars!
He gave them their OWN money back not ours. Read a goddamn news paper.
Sm bills ndark of night-TERROR REGIME, killed our soldiers, citizens,taken us hostage&torture us "Death 2 America"!Obama buildg their bombs!
Quid pro quo like Clintons selling 20% USA Uranium 2 Russia 4 family slush fund...maybe u need 2 love ur country or move! Pathetic!
Even  "hostages" knew obama was paying off Iran 4 hostages targeting even more if us that travel! Bizarre it wasn't traitor 4 taliban AGAIN!
CNN fake news
No such thing as a witch. But there are con men. Trump being the best
Did they actually find witches?
Give me a break.  RUSSIA = HOAX   CNN = FALSE NEWS EXPERTS
He's right my mother told me she saw him at one of the witch hunts Chris is as despicable as CNN. FAKE NEWS
I think the Witch Hunt of Salem was worse!
Were they political.  Because Trump said in political history
"Bold strategy there Cotton. Let's see how this works out".
Symantecs that's all you got And that's all you ever have Take every word literal And discuss st nauseam We understand him
@ChrisCoons Trump doesn't know US history. I'd be glad to educate him on the event & my Salem ancestor who died in prison awaiting justice.
HE IS.
I would say the hunting and murder of Emmett Till was the greatest witch hunt in American History.
No comment. Ridiculous statement.
Coons supporters remember this well.  What song will he sing when the shit hits the fan?  Did you vote for political courage or cowardice?
Sure and the media and all Democratics are acting like them
No Evidence of Collusion.  Seems like they are hunting for a crime, to avoid doing their job!
He forgot to mention the Russian Ties/Collusion is definitely NOT a witch hunt!
The 6 month ongoing investigation hasn't shown any collision or Russian ties. Wake up.
LMFFAO! 
I GUESS U BEEN SLEEP FOR THE 5 1/2 MONTHS THE GOP CONGRESS & SENATE DID EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO PREVENT THE INVESTIGATION OF IT!
Nope. There are no facts supporting DJT colluding with the Russians or interfering. Prove me wrong with a fact that warrants your claim.
Shocking New Information Regarding Shooting Of Congressman Scalise http://www.infowars.com/shocking-new-information-regarding-shooting-of-congressman-scalise/ … via @realalexjones
Infowars?!  Talk about fake news!  What's wrong with your head?
Ignore the alt-right, alternative facts trolls. They are circling the drain just like "dear leader."
Sad part is they don't even realize it.
Interesting note: they never caught a single witch.
No. They burned them at the stake.
No they didn't. They hung them and crashed one under rocks. They burned witches in Europe not here.
No...you don't get it. THERE WERE NO WITCHES. Greg Scott, you stand corrected.
A reliable source told me CNN is really fake news it's true I have a source
You'd think that corrupt Lying Dems & Fake News Media would have Few days of shame after inciting attempted political assassination?  Not!
So what happened to 
Russia..
Russia...
Russia...
Ya'll starting to sound like those tabloids Slate and Jezebel.
No. Yours is. #FakeNews Journalism is dead.
Coon, It ain't over till its over; don't get too excited!
Didn't dare say that onCNN
Coons is another hack that has been lying about the FBI investigating President Trump. Collusion story blows up,now time for new lies.
@realDonaldTrump is correct.
I agree. Donald Trump doesn't know his history so that limits his frame of reference.
President Trump is not "changing the subject" to Hillary Clinton, he's pointing out the double standard.
First of all Mr. Coons, our President said "in American POLITICAL History" and secondly, he is 100% correct.
Trump knows nothing about that.
CNN is Really Fake News
Nothing there...nothing to bitch about
it does not know history so what can we expect but a stupid man and false statements. It will say anything for praise and pity on "poor me'.
"Truth will ultimately prevail where there is pains to bring it to light." -George Washington
"All truths are easy to understand once they are discovered; the point is to discover them." -Galileo Galilei
"When there is a lack of honor in government, the morals of the whole people are poisoned."-Herbert Hoover
Well, Salem was a RELIGIOUS witch hunt, so I'm really not sure what your point was in regards to POTUS saying greatest POLITICAL witch hunt.
I mean, you expect a sitting US Senator to have a better grasp of the English language than that. You're owed a refund from your alma mater.
Trump is correct!
@realDonaldTrump Chris Coons rhetoric is the reason the shooting took place yesterday...what a pathetic person he is..He's not an American
That's nothing to the crucifixion coming. You will be brought to your knees by your own devices. You know you need penance. It can be yours.
Why don't you people get out of politics so someone else can get in and do something for the American people
Remember #GOP in '16 saying how terrible it would be to have a POTUS that is under investigation? #ObstructionOfJustice #MuellerTime
Partisan news at it's finest. Dirtbags
Hahahaha sooo witty.
Maybe Coons should get a better understanding of American history?
I hope they find that traitor witch. 
LOL!
No! Benghazi has it beat by long mile! What ever happened to Benghazi investigation? We need another thousand hours of hearings, at least!
Hahaha " the greatest witch hunt in American history " ? Man , small um.. .hands Trump is the greatest embellisher / braggart on earth .




CoonsU are a disgrace-Americans see U as dishonest -discounting the criminality of Hillary,Rice,and the collusion of Clinton and Lynch wrong
We are witnessing the most treasonous act by a political party in the U.S.A.
Always blame the women! -Witches vs warlocks
No there were people accused of it and hung, and crushed under boulders.  Way worse than poor Donald's self made situation.
Trump caused this self-inflicted "witch hunt"!
Even if Trump wanted to calm things down he can't. You still have men like this Senator still talking.  So much for peace.
He doesn't want to calm things down he can't keep off twitter or keep his antagonistic mouth shut
Joe McCarthy era witch hunts?
 See the move or play by Author Miller " The Crucible"
U think U poor boy
@realDonaldTrump 1 investigation
@HillaryClinton still being accused threatened & harassed after many investigations by U
Funny guy coons... and also correct in his assessment...
Nor was that political.
Yeah it kind of was. The whole reason people turned others in as witches was to seize property etc.
history is your friend you should read up on it.
America should be idol for whole world. Set examples for other leaders. Should provide new definition to Politics.Real politics is so abused
Only after the democrats Russian/Trump witch hunt
Executed Salem 'Witch' Disputes Trump's 'Greatest Witch Hunt in US History' Claim #WitchHunt http://tiny.cc/9jx9ky 
I leave in Massachusetts Salem don't have witch like WH has
Please you all in power & in opposition act responsibly & honestly.Becau u r leading innocent people & their life's largely impacted by this
No Senator. You & liberal friends are totally invested biggest witch hunt of all time. Like Salem, guilty (Dems) are charging the innocent.
if obstruction based on Comey, Mueller will nee to recuse..bbf
Calling investigation of Trump a witch hunt is a slur on witches & witchcraft.
@ChrisCoons keep dreaming Coons your party is absolutely embarrassing this is what is going to go on for 7 and a half more yrs
Tell that to Salem.
Not anymore!  The Trump witch hunt is fit for science fiction!
Pathetic witch hunt that is spending millions of dollars on nothing so Dems can create more hate & power! Wake up America!
Coons JOKE!
Followed by the 30 year GOP-led Hillary witchhunt
Plus 11 committees investigating Benghazi. Rethuglicans had no problem with that total waste of money. Results? Absolutely nothing!
Was! Now it's Russia/Trump smokescreen
His tweet said POLITICAL witch hunt.
Read about Salem and maybe you'll get it.
Then Donald is a witch.

Leaks like this can only be coming from Comey & the 5 others that Comey leaked to!!Mueller needs to find his leakers or maybe he's one too!
Actually I'd go with the four years or so Trump hunted for President Obama's Kenyan birth certificate
Why did he wait til 2012 to produce a US one?
@ChrisCoons thank you! Could you give @SpeakerRyan a note to pass to toddler in CHEIF while he lines up next excuse for bad behavior. thxU
Serious issues facing our country and you and people like you continue infantile, hateful commentary. Think It's time to work at unity?
The infantile hateful commentary started and continues with your president.
Macarthy Era was right up there too...Also Republicans behind it.
Dems thought HRC would win, & therefore hide real Obstruction of Justice. America chose @realDonaldTrump for @POTUS , now Dems/Libs scared..
This news is almost as old as the fall of the Roman empire
W/due respect to the cast of characters on today's edition of @CNNSitRoom we have issues here. Serious ones. Going down this path won't work
Houses land on them.
Water can cause severe melting.
They burn at the stake.
History hasn't been kind.
as witch hunts go, this is bush league (bugly?)
Hahaha clever
CNN = Joke!
You can have her so long as we get Trump. Hell, we'll even throw in Hillary.
after bi-coastal shootings his lack of restraint is quite concerning--ignore him and let's focus on the charity that the game tonight is for
If only they can get the witch off the broom & re enter reality. Face the charges of Criminal Obstruction of Justice againsthim
President Trump >> INSTALL CHRIS CHRISTIE AS THE NEW F.B.I. DIRECTOR and your problems will go away.
The two quotes are not talking about the same thing. American history and American political history. Old story and still idiotic.
Are you looking for real witches? Um Expecto Patronus!
A witch hunt is investigating Benghazi 9 times because you don't like the results from the first 8 investigations and then demanding a 10th.
CNN, it's time to end the negativity and bring our country together. You can help make that happen.
Never going to happen as long as trump is president. He is actually the one responsible for the negativity.
WE are sick and tired of you Crooks in DC going after our President.  Where were all of you on Hillary? Lynch? Obama? Those are real crooks
PRESIDENT TRUMP GET ROBERT MUELLER FIRED and get rid of this FAKE NEWS INVESTIGATION .
#WolftheWarlock #CNNisISIS #FakeNews #Propaganda #SeditiousTreason you are getting good people shot. Your #SourcesAreTraitors #DNCtools

President Trump is a 100% right >> Robert Mueller is as dirty as James Comey >> Robert Mueller is tainted >>TRUMP FIRE HIS ASS.
With trump it's justifiable. Had them (Russians) IN the Oval Office knowing what they did. Is anything sacred to him? Nail his rear!
It was YUUUUUGGGGEEEEE
Well that explains a lot
This just in Trump is still not being investigated Washington Post lied again. #fakenews
Donald Trump is obscenely needy, as is his rhetoric.
There is a conspiracy and it is against our president by the Democrats and much of the news media.
I'm call CNN the HATE NEWS. SPREADING HATRED.  #CNNHATREDNEWS
and after that is the Hillary Clinton witch hunt.
Male witches are called warlocks and yes this is a warlock hunt and there's going to be a prize at the end
Males can be warlocks or witches.  I play a female warlock in World of Warcraft!
He feels like it's a witch hunt because he wasn't thoroughly vetted during the primary period, he's getting vetted now on his way to impchmt
Some people just don't get it...Maybe you understand Trump speak...Covfefe...
Fake news
Fake person
This may be the greater of the two!!
1600 Pennsylvania Ave where's all the wascully witches.
Coons is going to acuse Trump of being insensitive to women for calling his witch hunt the greatest in history.
"witch" is true
Touche, or is that too French for le Trump?
Vive la Resistance!
These GOP talking points of the day are being followed to the letter spin Hillary.
A source sent me RNC/Trump talking points for Repubs seeking to discredit tonight’s WaPo scoop on Mueller investigating Trump obstruction —> 
Wow. That's not very senatorial.
Lmao. It's a story about a President tweet tantrum.
If trump is worried he should stop flying around twitter on his GOP broomstick.
#MAGA
Alex Jones reports Trump hired Hodgkinson to shoot Republicans show them what happens if they try impeachment
This is a lie
