It what is the purpose ? Why? For what?
How does this g
Indeed. DNC investigated themselves and then found Russians.  How convenient.
   
CNN is getting crazy , England is getting terrorist attack, you don't report that and report Trump Russia probe, Russia never kill one USA .
You are wrong.



Why were Russians allowed into Oval with no American press???
Because the American Press coverage can't be trusted! I am sure you would allow people who hate you the privilege to oversee you negotiate!?
Why are U & any of the SWAMP i.e. DEEP STATE allowed ANYWHERE in Gov. Investigate CNN & get them OUT of legitimate news reporting get em OUT
That's like asking why PooperScooper is allowed on the air?
The big question should be why was Hillary allowed to sell the Russians the uranium
Trump's selling secrets.
Prove it good luck with that
Respect? For legislation of women's bodies or for enabling the treason we see. Or perhaps attacking the poor & defenseless
How was he a general?    He seems more like a spy every day
@ManchuriaTrump1 @CNN Good question? Bet Jeff lord can equate it to the regan whit house if u give him the floor
Do you people at cnn know that kids, teens & adullts were just killed in Manchester?
why did AG Lynch meet with bill Clinton  CNN aka sleaze news
why is @cnn allowed on TV outright LIARS! USA needs TRUTH reported on FACTS!
Why did Snowden have access to so much NSA information?
CNN=fake news
If you look at Senator Coons, you wonder after listening to him talk, how anyone could listen to what he has to say! Only CNN Viewers listen
Because wolf blitz invited him!



He was fired after three weeks. Coons probably doesn't want his skeletons to ever come out. Being in Washington DC as long as he has.
Where are you a senator in Delaware, not much competition ?
Wow, coming out of the woodwork to get their name in the press.  Arm chair quarterback logic.
Why was Trump?
nobody complained when the Muslim Brotherhood were allowed in as Obama advisers...

Trump can strike a lasting peace deal in the Middle East and the Media will claim it is just desperation to distract from Russia!

#DNC battling class-action suit alleging Sanders was robbed in 2016
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2017/05/22/dnc-battling-class-action-suit-alleging-sanders-was-robbed-in-2016.html …
How did he get a clearance period during the Obama administration  if he had done all he is accused of and not be found out?
Why this isn't investigating &heard in courtroom?Do republicans hold enough credibility to investigat throughly &without bias.US want truth.
Wolf that down....
Because there was no credible against him then.
Excellent question!
18 days.  Cnn and dems are politucsl hacks
CNN  Fake News Network Boycott
Because he was a mule that carried Trump's orders
Why, why, why? Idiots!
Good darn question!!
Why do you not apologize when you're wrong? This isn't the story either. #JusticeForSethRich and Trump's success in Middle East = #realnews
#nobodycares
Hypocrite in Chief #FakePresident let him in
Because there was a situation....
Funny, you're infinitely more dishonest, and you sit on appropriations and judiciary committees.
Because Flynn is a decorated 3-Star General while @ChrisCoons is a regressive political hack without evidence. Cry about uranium one deal.
PRECISELY!!!!!
Tomrrow: Kimdotcom: "I knew Seth Rich. I know he was the @Wikileaks source. I was involved."
we would like to know that as well.

Why did Obana allowed Loretta Lynch to meet Bill Clinton on the Tarmac! Why was biased media silent on that? Liberals the most hypocrites!
Why didn't Obama revoke his Security clearance?
Ummmm.... Because he and drumpf are criminals who stick together?
Also what about the Democrat IT people that were caught? How many Democrats were compromised?
Yes, why did Obama's Administration give Flynn clearance if they knew all this? Good question.
Why was bill clinton allowed on Loretta Lynch's airplane. Stop the hypocrisy. We are not stupid
Ask Obama
Why are you allowed to breathe and wast precious air??
Why are you on the news?
WHY was Hillary allowed in there? She had that private server they could hack & her servant Huma emailed top secret stuff to her pervert!
That question is best directed at an Obama Admin spokesperson as they renewed his security clearance for the fledgling new admin
#SethRichCoverUp  that's better thing to ask about CNN
Why did the DNC assassinate #SethRich and blame the Russians for the leaks?
Why was he hired after being fired by previous admin who then warned current admin about him?
So Flynn was planted there by someone in the administration to report back to Russian and Turkish govts....just drawing the dots.
He was in Obama's situation room.
Two words! Incompetence or Complicity!
are documents your new imaginary friend since "wh sources" are being laughed at?
....haven't been identified so getting laughed at is improbable
Shouldn't Republicans want to know the answer to this too?
Dems dont respect foundation of American Laws especially when it  concerns Republicans:
 "INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY"
this takes gut-w/a ll the current fox lies that are currently being spread
Lies: H.Clinton Bengazi, Emails, Server, Clinton foundation and more lies about cause her losing election Russian BS excuse
Witch hunt
yawn.
#staywoke

Cause Obama approved his security clearance 
Then fired him after learning of his intents.
Actually No Obama fired him when he fought him on the Iran deal.
After suspecting his intent was counterproductive to administration's policy....
Right... counterproductive to funding the biggest state sponsor for terrorism n back channel agreements not disclosed to congress. 
Funding them with their own billions released from frozen accounts...stop botting
I would call you a snow flake but it looks like someone took a shit in the snow. Keep hating thank god Obama is gone forever.
So when unable to stick to facts of the argument insults become your go to?...Obama has served 2 successful terms. #retirement ?
Who did Flynn work for longer?
Because he has more international experience than you Senator. Hasn't been accused of crime.
Stop shouting. And it is "spew". You're welcome.
When u lost the debate....spell check
I suppose Wolf wanted him on.
Because Trump has no ethics or morals and is such a bafflingly buffoon can't see how anyone connected to him could be anything but perfect
Readers. Democrats are trying hard to sway your attention from the real deal, Seth Rich MURDER. He allegedly leaked DNC email & not Russia
Stop watching Fox News. Seth's parents want Fox to stop this lie. You are very disrespectful plus you look like a fool believing fake news.
Duh....I would say that'a a big 10/4

Because the president has no idea what he's doing and never has.
You do know that Flynn was part of the Obama administration which gave him security clearance!
All the yelling Trump did at Hillary about NATSEC and he had Flynn in  a most sensitive position #Unfit #TrumpCollusion
on a side note: Last month the Democratic party had it's lowest fund raising month in over 8 years.
Because the president of the United States is an idiot
