Well then, the left should have no problem with Sessions, right? What's good for the goose.....
yeah illegal act, it wasnt illegal and she knew it.
Not her boss trump is
NO SHE DID NOT, she should have spoken privately to potus & not encouraged others to break the law,  insubbornate
and promptly lost her job.
but not what trump did and they haven't approved sessions anyway
NO SHE DID'NT... SHE DID EXACTLY THEE OPPOSITE
no she didn't. She should have resigned if she felt she couldn't comply with the order
Sessions should have already been confirmed then we would not be having this talk.
Are these people being paid for not working? Can more be fired? Especially the ones announcing they stall @POTUS
@MsNanae5 @foxandfriends @ChrisCoons @POTUS they are welfare recipients
No she didn't.  She based her decision on her own ideology and not the Law.  That is the problem with the Left.
Brian said he was a good guy and all I saw was another defiant Democrap
No, she did it in an absolutely political & underhanded way! Fine to tell him she disagreed, but DOJ legal approv
You mean her previous boss. Took her this long to figure out what is constitutional & what is not & Still wrong!
Wrong Mr. Coons. Wrong. She claimed the order was illegal or possibly illegal when it had already cleared the DOJ
VIOLATING her oath? TREASON subversion?? I think that she belongs in prison
she did not follow the law, but politics.  That's not her place.
She would. It have had to if Sessions approved..playing games is dangerous and juvenile.
she put future personal profit above country
Sen Sessions asked her,would she stand up if she thought an order was illegal Didn't tell her to do it.Ord legal
he asked the question only, state the facts
I can guarantee that Sen. Sessions did not tell her to do that.
You answered that question so well. Right back at you Fox.
yes
Trump needs to fire all Obama left overs.
really smart woman listen to the senator and disobey the president dumbbell
if that's true, so why is he Trump's nominee
. Did he have any authority to tell her to do anything. I don't think so. His state should have a recall vote.
No she did not. She failed to uphold the Constitution, her main job.
sorry she refused to do her job! No do your job u get canned!
Wrong @SallyQYates didn't investigate the lawfulness & didn't advise @POTUS. She acted as judge & jury UR
you defy base at your peril, coons.  Filibuster Gorsuch or face wrath.
She is a Political HACK and you know it to be the truth. YOU ARE NOT FOOLING ANYBODY, DID SHE DONATE TO CLINTON?
one small point, she was wrong on the law
the order was vetted. What was "unlawful"about it in her own words with the Senator? More spin by the progressive party1st
old unimportant news.
that's not what I heard!
were was she when Obama passed EOs that were against the constitution
that is not true .. Yates made a personal political decision not based on law ... she violated her oath of office
Yates was obviously politically motivated. She will be the new darling of globalization. Swamp is being drained
Yates provided no justification for standing against President Trump. What was unconstitutional?
I doubt that. She more likely did what Lynch/Jarrett told her to do. Smells like a VJ tactic
and she got fired! As she should of!
It was out of partisanship, it had nothing to do with the law.
then why isn't he voting for sessions?
NO,SHE DID NOT!
Q ~asked was
About #UNLAWFUL!

#POTUSTrump  #EO WAS
NOT UNLAWFUL
 #DOJ ATTORNEYS
APPROVED IT !
no. She voiced her political opinion. She did not enforce a legal executive order by @POTUS @realDonaldTrump
Pres. Trump's ex-ord is strictly policy enforcement of EXISTING LAW. Obama AG = activist, ignoring law. Stop bs.
AG is to ensure LAWS are obeyed. Obama's appointee chose to ignore EXISTING LAWS. That's dereliction of duty.
She didn't stand up for the law she did it because of her feelings Not based on the law "I believe" is a feeling
no she did not this EO was neither illegal nor unethical
liar liar pants on fire!
Amer pp tired of govt dragging their feet - get stuff done now - there's only 1 Potus.
/ another Dem in Soros pocket
if Yates was thinking about the Country, she would have paid a courtesy call to the President before her memo.
constant barrage of BS frm 1000 ppl n state dept who object 2 President on refugees-RESIGN or follow directives
She didn't work for Senator Sessions, she worked for Obama -
That is not true. She defied an EO that was perfectly legal. She made it political.
no she didn't as it was legal it was political not about law democrats lie so much that's why Reps R wining! MAGA
No she didn't. PDT did not ask her to do an illegal action & she choose to define the order based on her morals
Sessions told her to say no to anything unlawful, Yates wouldn't follow what was in fact lawful.  Get it right!
no, she did what the dems wanted, it wasn't about legality because the DOJ had already signed off on it.
Trump will fire you for doing the right thing.
fake news trumps lap dawgs !!!!
Don't they deserve to come to US? Where are your tears for them? It's just a political show!
No she didn't! She went public with her personal thoughts instead of talk to @POTUS Trump. Not what she said 1st
I want to know why you liberals aren't so outraged by Obama's order for Cubans trying to come here?
Sessions is not her boss....President Trump is! That why he fired her....Who's Next!
What ????@foxandfriends @ChrisCoons
He questioned her on her idealogy.  He did not tell her to do it.  Wow, more leftist propaganda.
no , her dept approved it!
Except what Trump did is NOT against the law!
I believe what Yates did was a tactic to push the Anti-Trump Propaganda agenda.Someone was telling her what to do
any lawyer who does not defend her client should be fired
if U are in military and refused a order what do think happens? Unhororble Discharge at teh least
No matter.  She could have resigned as many said she should have.
there is a difference between disagreeing with @POTUS in a legal advisory role and refusing to do your job
i dont agree. Sessions implied that privately inform Prez you cant comply,then resign,not grandstand publically
Exactly!!!!!!
Typical liberal BS.  The dems still don't get it.
if i make cars then refuse to make a car for u , i would be fired , COMPREHENED
no she didn't there diff between advising the President and not enforcing a legal EO she herself signed off on
no she did not do what she took oath for, didn't disputed She REFUSED a DEMAND
That's a load of BS! Go back and listen to what she said!
No she didn't. Please quit spreading lies, She's supposed to uphold the law not ignore it.
She disobeyed a direct order. She should have resigned
She refused a lawful order from POTUS, refusing is an act of subversion and treason. I'm ok with jail.
Sure This is A Confirmed Report from An Unknown Source!!!
No, Senator Sessions asked her to follow the LAW, not her personal opinion. Get it?
what an embarrassment to my state. I didn't vote for him
she did not uphold constitution but obstructed, we know her political view and are not stupid!
No, Sally Yates didn't list one single argument for why it was unconstitutional
dweeb
I do not understand. He(Sessions) is not confirmed but he is telling the acting AG what to do?
no she DID NOT!  Yates failed to follow the law and allowed her politics to rule her decision
No Sir she did not! Sen. Sessions asked her if she'd follow the law! President didn't ask her to break it!
so perhaps the question becomes will he have the fortitude to do so if in the same position
he will have a conversation versus being a dumb liberal and announce to general public the she won't do it
a conversation on how he can compromise his values to appease the president
yeah on why he wouldn't think it wasn't constitutional or not. What trump has done isn't unconstitutional
bet it won't stand up in the SCOTUS
why do you think that?
it will end up there read the statues that govern immigration
I have. Nothing much difference then what obama, bush, and clintons said
Yates is a political woman driven by a political choice - not the law.
and a hush falls over the right wing audience as the hypocrisy settles in
the AG works for the people not the president
FOX NEWS  IS A STATE SANCTIONED PROPAGANDA OUTLET FOR TRUMP, BE VERY VERY CAREFUL WITH YOUR MIND
hilarity at its finest!
