Special Counsels have always been a waste of taxpayers $. If a crime has been committed we have an FBI and a DOJ. This is simply political.
An FBI dir. who was fired for not being loyal to the president. And a DOJ head who purjured himself.  These made special council necessary.
Special Counsel is a witch hunt that undermines @POTUS and weakens our democracy. He has unlimited budget and no oversight. #FireMueller
He has oversight from DOJ and senate. He also has no prosecutorial powers. Only makes recommendations to senate. May prove POTUS innocent.
wasting my money. What do you need 12 attorneys
Same reason a house needs multiple builders. It's a big job and they need a team to do it right.
Thank you from one your constituents. Now could you please stop trying to ruin the healthcare we have and work on making it better?
If Obamacare has helped you I am happy, but for the huge majority it's horrific. It's no longer about Obama but about the good of citizens!
Obamacare isn't perfect, but the ACA helped all of us. Let's fix it instead of destroying it. So far congress hasn't come up with better.
Yeah, it helped me so much I lost insurance and had my hours cut from full time specifically due to it.
That was your employer not the ACA. It's not perfect by any means, but the lifetime cap removal and pre-existing condition protection help!
My employer is the government & to comply w/the ACA, they cut my hours so it didn't have to provide insurance. It helped you, but screwed me
Again, that was your employer's decision, not the fault of ACA. I am sorry your employer doesn't care about you.
My employer is the government & they realized they couldn't afford the cost of providing it, so to comply w/ACA, they cut hours.
We voted dems out and now you conspire with them, RINO?
#turncoatthomtillis 2020 and you're gone! @SenThomTillis
I hope this goes for the SC that must be appointed to investigate Hillary's crime family!  Mueller seems to have NO limits-
What criminal act is Mueller investigating?
By the way, an alleged criminal act does not count
See, I heard Sen Tillis talked with a Russian
Someone makes allegation, DOJ checks if credible, and investigates accordingly. Or hires SC if the DOJ itself is implicated.
Comey's Homey!
Shame
Lastly - I would love to see Muller fired!
Further, I will never support a republican congressman ever again! Look forward to seeing all of you loose next year - it's richly deserved!
Senator, you have betrayed your party, your president and the United States. This SC is out of control and wrong and so are YOU!
Too political!
what is the check and balance to ensure that the deep state is not using special counsel as a weapon?
@SenThomTillis Washington office 202-224-6342 I'm sick of these liberal Republicans!
Traitor.
You make a mockery of the United States and its constitution. Oppose this bought off traitor.
You can't attempt to undermine the power of our President against totally phony allegations! Your career is over! Working with liberals!UGH!
Are you registered as democratic or a republican. It's been hard to understand your thinking.
We will go after your financial backing, you turn your back on the voters. You are now a RINO!!
Thank you for your service!
Thank you!!!
Thank you!  And while you're in recess, please have a town hall meeting with your constituents.  Integrity. Transparency. Decency.
Shouldn't Mueller obey the law and recuse himself due to conflict of interest and his relationship with Comey?  Where is his integrity?
That's a false narrative- please do your homework 
Don't think you know the meaning of false narrative.  Rep Frank Trent gets it.
YES! This will also be in place for SECOND special council that investigates Clinton/Obama corruption....
I can't believe I voted for you. Won't make the same mistake again.
You need to support your POTUS and remember what it means to be a Conservative Republican!  Shame on you Seantor Tillis!  @POTUS @GOP
it won't go thru too many people are against the democrats for there trying to take the president down.More lies that are not needed
Thank you from a constituent in Raleigh! You are doing the right thing. Country and integrity matter more than Party 
What took you so long!
Get it done
I support you on this one Senator.
You have got to be kidding me.  You have time for this crap when you can't get health care passed?  GET OUT!!!
How about getting back to work on Healthcare instead of this BS.
Excellent work Senators. This is exactly what our country needs at this juncture.
Seriously? Mueller should recuse himself but he will not. Why is it so one sided w/ the parties?You are a disgrace to NC. I regret voting 4u
Tool or worse
@StevenMWolfe3 I guess you are just another swamp dweller that supports this wich hunt.
7 yrs of Obama regime..corruption o nothing Congress - Stupid Pathetic
    cooperation with Dems..  Jeez  Drain the Swamp is the jobTillis..
Bull, he is not impartial
He's loaded it up with Hillary and Obama donors! I'm sorry that I voted for you! Just another RINO!
You investigating Hillary yet?
If you examine rules for Special Counsel, Mueller s/ not be there-personal relationship w/ Comey. Conflict of interest.
Tillis is another RINO. Bill violates Separation of Powers and may also violate prohibition against ex post facto laws. Support @POTUS #MAGA
Get ready to be voted out of office RINO. The people want to #MAGA Mueller is wasting money.
Thank you Senator Tillis- from a constituent who doesn't often agree with you.
This whole Special Counsel is a set-up, you know and more important the Amercian People know it.  See you at the next election.
This (and you) are a sham! Voters know that the president can't fire Mueller anyway. They also recognize his bias but you aren't going there
Thank you Senator Tillis for introducing this bill re special counsels.
Finally, congress is doing their job to protect the United States constitution, democracy, and its people, from anarchy!
Thank you @SenThomTillis , for protecting the independence of the SC.
As your constituent, I thank you!
Great work, Senator Tillis.
Thank you! 
Thank you sir. There is a strong threat that Trump will try to fire Mueller. He must be stopped from doing so. Investigation must proceed!
I often trash Tillis but this is good
Thank you
I see someone who is not getting reelected.
Not a chance.
Thank you for standing up for our country.
You're a traitor and should be treated as such. Attempting to strip my President of his Constitutional Authorities is TREASON!
Excellent idea.  Thank you for taking a leadership role on this.
I question the validity of anything you support
about time- good work!
I nearly fell out of my chair and had to READ AGAIN who was introducing this bill. Let's tackle NC gerrymandering and voter suppression next
Thank you
Good
Thank you both.
I am a constituent and I support this effort. Thank you @SenThomTillis .
Mueller has a conflict of interest and should be removed.
Good also smack potus for me next time you see him since he wants to love russia and down congress
We need this now more than ever. THANK YOU! 
Thank you! - signed one of your constituents 
Your mission accomplished: 1. Express zero confidence in @POTUS 2. Play your bipartisan card 3. Shore up #RINO status. Disgusting.
Thank you so much for attempting to guarantee a special council has the ability to do there job!!!  Great job!!!!!

Thank you. Get it passed please.
Looks like u have lots of Dem support for your bill which just gives Mueller more latitude to do anything he wants.  Disgusting!
No, not good enough.  The bill needs to require Court approval BEFORE special counselor termination could take effect
14 day review seems like a lifetime #holdfast
Thanks @senthomtills.  When #trumptreason is fully understood patriotic actions like this won't be forgotten.
FANTASTIC!!
Excellent this is definitely required based on all the information we found out about Mueller
Thank you Senators. This is the America we want and need - people working across differences for good of the country.
As long as career leftists like Mueller are involved there is no integrity or independence, if so HRC would be in jail!
Thank you, gentlemen. This is how it's supposed to work! Time to work together on the healthcare issue!   #bipartisanship #muellertime
Great to see Congress working together! That's the only way we're going to make any  significant progress since our Prez is not effective.
This is... actually great. Thank you.
Thank you, Senators.  It's great to see Congress taking steps to fulfill their oath and uphold the constitution.  Much appreciated.
Please get this done immediately! We r sitting on a ticking timebomb - literally
Thank you Senator!! This is a critically important action to protect our Nation!!
Thank you!
So what you are saying is that you are ok with this political WITCH HUNT
Notice how mostly bots are calling this a "witch hunt"?
Bots don't respond to tweets, people do and it is a witch hunt going on for nearly a year a found nothing!!  yes its a political witch hunt
Thank you! 
Thank you
Well done!
Thank you. Please do your best to get your party on board with this. Our faith in government depends on it.
Big mistake.  He has stacked the deck with bias attorneys.  You should be defending our @POTUS .
Thank you, Senators!!!  
This is great news. I know I have sent many angry letters to your office lately @SenThomTillis but I am glad to acknowledge a good move.
Bravo!
Thank you, senators!
Senator Tillis- some days I vehemently disagree with you. Today is not one! Thank you. Maybe a bipartisan solution  for health care also?
Oh oh. We have another pathetic quisling....I love that word.
Nice. Working together with both parties shows a positive and useful relationship. Let us do this with HealthCare
This is total bs and you know it how about doing your job!
This type of bill is crucial when you have  and administration not beholden to laws, norms or the US.
Thank you!
Gentlemen, as an American I cannot begin to thank you enough for your work. @SenThomTillis you are channeling the spirit of Sen. Sam Ervin!
In other words protect corruption
This I can & will support both sides on. Thank U.
You need to pull special counsel out
Thank you for doing the right thing!
Your a sham.  Mueller is biased and you are protecting him.  Your republican voters dont like and a petition and radio spot is circulating
Bot!
Stop the sale of opioid legal drugs that kill Americans everyday.Doctors can prescribe something else! We live before this drug was used
Wow, you're doing something right for a change. And you're not voting to kill your constituents with a healthcare repeal. #progress #25for45
How about doing what your supposed to and pass healthcare reform and tax reform. This bill does nothing to help us
Wow Thom, that’s a fairly “safe” bill to announce. How about taking a chance and holding town hall meetings? Scared of your record?
Thank You! Thank you for having the courage and integrity to defend justice and our Constitution! Thank you Congress for protecting us!!!
I live in Raleigh and voted for Trump if you push this Garbage bill through I will make sure you are not re-elected. Do some real work
There are already conflicts of insterest. Look at ties mueller had to comey. Looks at mueller staff, he hired Clinton lawyers. U idiots.
I hope you have something in this bill about PROTECTING the INTEGRITY of ANY EVIDENCE discovered by Mueller or his team. Great bill!  Thanks
I also hope you have something in there to protect the INTEGRITY of ANY evidence discovered by Mueller!  Great bill!  THANK YOU.
Who do u work for Thom? Certainly not NC who voted for Trump. YOU MAKE ME SICK! Can't wait to vote u out! Swamp
Wow. Until this move, the # of things you've done this year supporting our democracy could've been counted on zero fingers.
Whats the crime? Can anyone answer that? This is a rouge counsel answerable to no one run by democrats.Trump is MY POTUS! WE voted for him!
Thanks for the bipartisan approach!  --27603
Senator Tillis you represent me and I applaud this action!!
Upholding INTEGRITY of Special Counsels starts with appointing SCs with integrity. Mueller has none:
Thanks to the both of you!
Remember COONS the people that voted you in voted for Trump & will absolutely remember this. You are a TRAITOR to conservatism & the people
The spots are showing. Take of the wool you wolf.
If you can't see conflict you're not even looking at it.
Another #SwampCreature has to go.
Smells like someone won't get his chits from their donors if they don't fall in line. Capital Hill @SenateGOP @GOP #SWAMPCREATURE2017
Trump has nothing to worry about if this is a true with hunt !
Thank you senator!
Proven FAKE dossier.NO proof @potus or his team doing anything wrong.All LIES. But FACTS of @BarackObama and @hillaryClinton crimes.WHY NOW?
Why is @SenThomTillis working agains US & R @POTUS - holding up a nominee so he can bring in more low-skilled immigrant labor, now this BS.
Thank you @SenThomTillis Zip is 27713, I will remember.
Thank You Senators!!!!!
You've  finally figured out that pandering to Trump/Koch will lead to your defeat in 2020!  As a constituent, thank you!.  Now repair ACA!
BTW, I'm a constituent.
Thank you senator. From 28078
As much grief as I've given you lately, I support you're efforts here. This is common sense & the right thing to do.
Thank you. This is a very important part of our government's integrity.
Thank you Senator Tillis! It's good to see someone has integrity and puts our nations best interest first! Thank you!
With all of the shenanigans that has gone on with Clinton, Comey, Shultz, Lynch, to name a few. What are you doing? U are the swamp senators
All the things you could be doing and this is how you spend your time. I regret voting for you-should have voted for the O B. Never again.
@RMConservative this dude is an embarrassment
This is just plain stupid. Oh you need to release your block for Senate approval of Lee Francis Cissna.
As a constituent I thank you.  Please show this same integrity and work in a bipartisan way on healthcare.
I agree, also with the budget and tax reform.
Thank you. This is an important step.
Thank you - I hope this is the beginning of smart legislating that responds to citizens and not continued partisan failures.
Thank you Senator Tillis for introducing a Bill to protect the Special Council! American People are tired of the lies and deserve the truth!
I think it's a waste of time that could be used in other important matters like tax reduction.
Doing more than one thing at a time - that's also doable. Sad that this legislation is needed, but that's where we are today with Trump
I'm a NC voter; I won't be voting for you again if you keep this up.  Would support if Special Counsel were properly appointed and unbiased.
AMEN!!!!!"
Support from this constituent. 

Also - have a town hall and instruct your local staff to be courteous to protestors.
Good job, @SenThomTillis - ignore the bots who tell u otherwise
Thank you Tom! Would love to see more integrity in government over all.
Not a good idea. He should resign because of his friendship with Comey. He stacked the deck with his Democrat attorneys.
Considering the completely one sided group being amassed for this fabricated witch hunt, this is ridiculous.
Please focus on health care and tax cuts
You got my vote in 2014, but it won't happen in 2020.  For a "new" Senator you have slid right into the establishment.
That's ok. He'll have mine
As a constituent, thank you.
another thing we have in common..  however, you still need to have an in person town hall, your voters deserve this.
@NCGOP Tillis is NOT a Republican. Either a RINO or an actual Dumocrat. Better be planning to primary him 2020 if you want a dime from me.
Finally, and get rid of biased meuller
I support that
How will u handle this when the Counsel Mueller needs 2 b investigated & resign due to conflicts?
Don't get your hopes up, little buddy.
This is real fake news.
Ensuring integrityand independence is something ALL Americans should be able to support.
thank you Senator
Good.
Mueller needs to step down. Change your status to Democrat or open your eyes to see what we do.
Guess you've been watching a lot of State Run News!
How bout you introduce a bill that fires Mueller for conflict of interest?
What exactly are his conflicts of interest?
