On a call w/ MO press today, Claire announced the bill, which would allow people in provider-less counties to access the DC health exchange.
Um...this would include plans with networks IN those counties, right?
Did you get any response on your question?
DC SHOP exchange includes nationwide network plans for Congressional staffers. That’s the only way it’d work.
States/counties without any insurance plans could then shop DC exchange? Thats a good idea! Ins companies need to quit their games w/states!
Actually, after thinking it through, maybe not such a good idea after all:
Maybe Medicare for all is best several bills intro already by Dems we need to stick together win maj in 18 and go 4 it
Brilliant. Long term strategy for universal care.
How do we pay for universal health care?
The same way every other nation does taxes. We pay the least amount in taxes than any other developed nation. More caring less greed!
I'd like you to cite some numbers please.  What's the cost, and who pays what?
Then look them up! We cut out the insurance companies have a large number covered therefore more power to control out of control pricing
I've look at them, we are $6T short, and that's after taxing income 1M and up at 100% & cutting military 100%, where do you get the rest?
Where are you pulling these numbers from?-those making $25,000 if single pay taxes & collective bargaining-one payer cuts costs-prices cut
The liberal tax policy center.
This would basically be just like the "public option" Obama wanted, what a slick way of getting it done, good for her.
Can we please just have Medicare4All? Wth? Every other developed nation takes better care of its citizens.
Don't forget, those other developed nations don't have health insurance lobbyists bribing lawmakers with HUGE campaign contributions.
Brilliant!!
Take note that #Democrats of #TheResistance on Twitter have taken up the McCaskill banner. We'll be fund-raising for her throughout this wk.
Actually the insurance Congress gets should be the standard for all Americans who would like the choice
Outrageous that AHCA  excludes Congress (which tells U how awful and punitive it is). Meanwhile GOP wants to downsize Medicaid, SNAP, CHIP
#AHCA  #healthcare @justicedems  @SenateDems  @HealthPoverty
No. We need the RIGHT MAN or the RIGHT WOMAN. I refuse to be so closed minded that I exclude half of humanity when we need the best person.
Good idea but could cause county envy.
WHY NOT JUST SIMPLIFY? SUPPORT MEDICARE FOR ALL & SAVE ONE TRILLION DOLLARS. Every American would be behind you - and you'd SWEEP 2018!
This is why Mitch McConnell needs a woman on the Healthcare team!
This is why America needs a woman (like McCaskill) on the health care team!
Is Texas a foreign country?
Brilliant! @RepComstock Are you supporting this?
Who will pay for these?  You?
Excellent idea! Sauce for goose...
YES!  Thank you Sen McCaskill !!
great idea- they probably can't afford it.
This would be a spectacular idea if single payer wasn't being proposed. Which it is. So you should do that instead.
Single payer should be the same insurance as congress. Makes sense to me.
It makes sense to most people who simply want those who work harder,... to pay the health costs of those who work less hard.
Wouldn't that cost alot?
Not if it was subsidized. It's a great idea & will force the @GOP to vote for it or deny citizens the health coverage they themselves have.
How about giving all those crooked rat bastards in congress Obamacare.  #obamacare #healthcare #CNN
OMG that is just fantastic. Thank you. What a wonderful idea
#Hero
How about Congress's Healthcare for ALL AMERICANS!?
It will never make it into legislation because it makes sense and it is what is needed.
Great! WE should all have access to same plan as Congress

You have really impressed me lately! Love what you are doing!
Good idea. How much are the premiums? Does Government paid a portion of Congressmen's total premium?
I was a Federal Government employee early in my career. The coverage was great but premiums were heavily subsidized by the government.
My concern is it will be too expensive for people if they have to put the whole premium themselves.
Not fair! Oh wait, entirely fair.
Shamelessly trying to sneak in a public option, are we? It's immeasurably better to make Congress buy individual plans instead.
"People" should have same plan as Congress. ...
Boy, I need this!
How about including US territories in that bill? Pretty please? With sugar on top? Many of us can afford to buy, but no insurance in USVI.
@McCaskillOffice SUCH a smart woman! I wish @RoyBlunt had half this womans intelligence and looked out for the wellbeing of missouri
Is she talking to #Putin
Thank you for not getting caught up in the era of maddening false accusations, and actually being productive.
Great idea but we couldn't afford it
Doesn't have a snowball chance but bravo .
Thank you Claire
Smart and sneaky. I see hope.
which only the wealthy can afford, big deal! It's the Affordable Care Act for those who need cost help. Of course, she isn't on that page.
Ummmm, like 1/4 of the ppl I know had to pay the gov for not being able to afford mandated insurance that we have now.
I want to understand this more. Why doesn't the dem party support universal healthcare?
Seems fair since :
A smart and logical solution.  It will never pass.
#REPLACETHEMALL 2018
Hell yes.  We should all have that option.
How much will it cost
BC/BS has providers in almost any town in the Nation.
Hmm kinda like the public  option
and subsidize them according to need.
Why not everyone
Brilliant. 
Way to go Claire!! Taking care of your constituents 
If it works sure sign me up

Nice!
Why the hell not!We THE PPL shuld be able to get GOVT programs that us mil.retirees get-Tricare,etc;Big comps dont like it-bottmline hurtUGH
Yeah sign me up!
How cud #GOP oppose this after all they speak of buying ins.across state lines #Checkmate Unless they don't want ppl 2 have ins,ya think
Love this!
At what price? Access vs Affordability are not the same. We can all buy Bill Gate's health insurance .... if we have $30K/mo to pay for it.
Thank you!  That is what I have been begging for. Claire McCaskill for president!
Here's hoping my Senators @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz get on board with this if they're really "pro life".
I love you @clairecmc  You are the BEST ever.I would vote for you if I didn't live in TEXAS,home of @tedcruzsenate  Crazy @LouieGohmertTX1
While this offers some help, this country needs to go to a single payer system. Insurance greed needs to be wrangled in once and for all.
Good plan
Where are those counties can I move there?
Yes!!!
Democrats are the best!!!
Best thing ever!!! Thank you!!!!
was for! The entire discussion & subsequent debacle surrounding the ACA was because the Republicans sort to politicize the bill!
The absurdity & insanity of the Republican Party is absolutely unbelievable!
The Republicans rejected a bill that they were once for but couldn't support because they had to be against anything that President Obama
their bill! President Obama passed legislation that was based on the same bill that was passed in Massachusetts when Mitt lRomney was
Lets see the Repubs vote that down!
need to fix they're still trying to convince their constituents that healthcare is fixable only by repealing the ACA which by the way is
understand that it is the responsibility of the Republicans to fix whatever the problems are so far they can't even agree on what they
I have serious doubts that this bill is going anywhere! The Republicans own healthcare & the people who voted for these clowns need to
as it should be. Don't kill what is not dead. mend it.
Oh great, now all plans will just cancel, move out of all counties and we'll all buy the congressional plan. Oh, wait, that would be cool!!
That should be at the price Congress pays for it.
GENIUS!!!!
Great idea!

Hey, how about WE ALL GET THE SAME HEALTHCARE? Medicare for all or NONE for politicians!
Are they expensive?
At what price?
#MedicareForAll
Using the D.C. Exchange?
@TeresaHutson1  @Coco_Wms @sheila_turri @TarynStanford @chirprn @DJergentz @GGevirtz @18TruckaMan @StormyVNV @ItsMarcitx2
Tea Party members I know have advocated this for a long time.
I love it!
Stop playing games. Medicare for all
Prediction:  @GOP congress will not allow this...shows their true beliefs towards their own base
But will she sign it? Doesn't matter bc she knows the bill will NEVER get a vote 
@clairecmc 

#NotOurFirstRodeo 
#WontSaveYourSeat!
Should push #MedicareForAll
That's nice. But the entire country should have access to the same plans available to Congress, Senator. Or better yet, single payer.
I think this is just a step to pointing that out. It won't pass in this Congress, but will again prove R's aren't interested in helping ppl.
Welp, I just hope I'm still alive when all the steps have been taken.
I think a lot of us feel that way. The things we need done yesterday might still take years.
This will drive GOP crazy. Well done
F'ing Democrats. Always trying to solve problems. Thank you @clairecmc
Go Senator McCaskill!
YESSSSSS
Hell yes.
This is the original plan that Obama suggested - lo those many years ago - put everyone onto the plan Congress has. @GOP said "no"
How would that work? If it's good news, why not everyone be able to do this?
This has AETNA written all over it-Since they partnered with 45 Administration 3 weeks ago
Effn Snakes
TY!
WHAT A FABULOUS IDEA! Senator McCaskill, this is genius. Everyone in US might want Congressional plan - is that affordable?
They will never be able to afford same plan as Congress. Congress should be on Trumpcare or Ryancare, whatever is put in place.

SenMcCaskill: Dems need to introduce PUBLIC OPTION to buy same insurance as MOCs at SAME cost, SAME plan & insurers as ACA fix. End of story
What a great idea!
Sounds good but what do these high earners pay? Lets all get government plans forget the blood suckers in ins,let them sale life ins.
FEHB for all
Finally someone doing something to work out the bugs with current healthcare system instead of just gutting it like R's want to do! Thank u
I see a problem as Congresses insurance policy, paid for by the people, should be available to all of those same people
Good for you, Senator!
& THANK YOU!!!!!
Thank you. The other side will love that idea.
What if everyone had the deal they have?
Way to step up Claire!  Make Missouri proud!
Just RT an article from this week's LA Times to @SenFeinstein & @SenKamalaHarris to show how Trump is Actively Undermining ACA. Please STOP
Clever.
And plans we could afford?  Congress doesn't care, they don't pay
Nope. Sounds like another baby step still outpaced by the problems that would be solved by #MedicareForAll. Get it together, @clairecmc
Thank you Claire! Keep up the "good fight"!
A fairer plan is to not give Congress health insurance.
This is also similar to Darrell Issa's plan once.
Believe or not.
should have been in counties with less than 15 competitive providers
This is one of those things that sounds brilliant, but the devil's in the details.  I guess as political ploy it's still brilliant.
I think it should be a requirement that any insurer wanting to do biz in a state, offer policies on exchange. That'd guarantee participation
And the more people who buy it, the lower cost per person, so everyone, including the taxpayers paying for the congresspeople, wins!
Great! We all should have those plans available to us!
@clairecmc GREAT idea, We all need need the same.  We only have one choice in AZ. #universalhealthcare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Claire rocks. Lived in St Louis for awhile way back. So glad she's held on to her seat in that state! This bill is great! Any chance passes?
This is great! Please push this!
There you go, thinking outside the box to solve problems!
Yeahhhh, go Claire
Please make that offer for ALL counties regardless. We have insurance, but is extensive and not very good.
Brilliant McCaskill...simply brilliant. 
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer NOW, Claire. I know you are beholden to Express Scripts, but how about you work for sick & poor instead?
Thank you, Claire, for working so hard for your constituents and the American people. You're my hero!
This is genius!!

Brilliant! Then all the sabotage efforts on Trumps behalf can be countered by this bill.
How about buying into Medicare?
Awesomeness
ALL citizens should be able to get same insurance congress has! #publicservants
BRAVO!!!!
@Jaxgma3235 @dahlia201 @judie352 @taxvictim this is cool
Love this!!
But she opposes Medicare For All? This is just a campaign prank. McCaskill is a DINO and a corporate tool.
Claire McCaskill is crushing Thursday.
Yay
@learnedhand65 Nice try...But single payer will be McCaskill's downfall.
Sounds fair to me.
I wonder if funds available for college level courses folks can take to understand how to navigate Amer. Health insurance?
Like it but why not expand the definition of the Congressional "group" to include individuals from those jurisdictions? Spread the risk.
Great idea but I think we all know the reality of having it voted on or passing or getting to the house or passing!
Thank you!
You go, Claire!
Thank you so much Senator McCaskill! I appreciate your hard work!
A real, strong & equitable solution! The Senate should get on board. @SenateDems @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats #AHCA #ACA #Obamacare
How about we get the same coverage as congress at the same rate congress pays
Love it!!!!
FINALLY!  Thank you @McCaskillOffice
Thank you, Claire.
Will Rs say they don't deserve it?
HA HA HA! The Dee Cee Obamacare market? The folks will be thrilled.
#MAGA @cspanwj #RepealObamacare
They'll really rush to buy gold-plated medical insurance that covers things like acupuncture, sex-change operations, and psychiatry.
#MAGA
Only Logical Problem, Arizona has 1 insurance company that charges thousands more per month than their Congress plan, but not able to buy it
i WOULD LOVE THAT TOO!
Go Claire!
@MarianneHarden Thank you for a good idea.
Now thats working for a solution. They went low. You went high-end premium healthcare. Going high will send em to psych ward.
Ammend for Any areas in the country without insurers or excessive cost.

Bravo!!
@RepDennyHeck @PattyMurray @SenatorCantwell Great idea! Public option!
Let's just make the congressional healthcare plan available to all Americans, shall we?
Line in the sand!!! I told you these smart women got it all upstairs. If Republicans vote against it, they're truly trying to kill Kentucky.
I can hear the repubs now:
Damn,we should have left the aca alone.
Smart!
Who the gl does she think she is??
And the price is???
All these Bills & Letters to,where do they go?  McConnell's staff's restroom trash can?  We here 'introduced' but never voted, passed, law.
Hey,you that represent "the people"; We should have same healthcare policy as you or you have same or less than people you represent.
This should be available to everyone!
Way to go!
Wow. She is powerful. Genius.
Yes. Yes! YES!!
Don't make me like Claire McCaskill. I'll be disowned. Again.
Very good bill.
Yes lets keep moving forward on Health care not backwards
That is hysterical. Think that health care bill will get out of committee?  Hahahaha. Great idea tho
@carolealana Ok, but press to improve ACA not repeal it !!
now that's revolutionary. Let's clear the decks of obstruction.

