I see a time for both, in the backroom to draft something however then out in open for criticism and "weighings in".  

Hope in Peace
Hey Claire, I thinks it's time that u come clean on ur visit to Russian Ambassador's house. U r just another lying Democrat.Maybe u colluded
Yet, #ACA was passed in the middle of the night! #EarlyRetirement2018
Lol, why? Only Dems can have dirty "know what's in it after we sign it" deals? Hypocrite! Dirty lying Congress.. all of u
Comical, when you #Dems did nothing but BackRoomDeals for years under #Obama! Extreme hypocrites!
How many letters to the editor has the @MoDemParty @JasonKander @SWMODems or anyone else fired off to the local paper. @Coffee_w_Krista
So, NOW you want 'no backroom deals' yet that's all you and your ilk did for the past 8 years. You're a feckless liar.
Liar, liar!!!
Like the #Dems did when voting and designing #Obamacare. It has really screwed most Americans but YOU #Dems don't care.
Senator time to stop playing nice. Rs have no moral fiber. Time to play to win.
They want that tax break to be there when they get voted out.
I agree
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html …
We need single payer nationalized Healthcare program.  When are you going to stand up to insurance lobby?
You aren't entitled to someone else's paycheck to pay for your healthcare. Go buy your own
Like when Nancy said we'd know what was in it after they passed it?
Didn't @NancyPelosi say that we can't read what was in the #Obamacare bill until it was passed? #NoBackRoomDeals? You are joking, right!
I guess democrats own "back room dealing" !
It's time you do your job and partner with the GOP since Missouri rates have increased over 150% under ACA.  Quit playing politics
#Dems hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Democrats have some nerve - you know there's video showing Nancy saying"we have to pass the bill to find out what's in it. Passed Xmas Eve.
Many of the global trade deals you approved were conjured up out of public eye also.  W/ bad consequences for US workers... #NoBackRoomDeals
RT if you agree: It's time to primary @clairecmc with a TRUE progressive who doesn't talk out of both sides of her mouth.
McCaskill exposing what.
Right before the Bills scheduled release.
Claire working for the people or just another useless politician?
Then why did you pass Obamacare out of the back room?
It's time the Federal Government get out of Healthcare and return it to the free market! Full Repeal or nothing!
Walk in backroom. Bring the changes of last 7yrs you know are needed.
Country needs legislators lead by BIpartisanship.
We hate DC elitists.
You Passed Obamacare in Closed off, Guarded Back rooms, NO GOP Allowed, then Pelosi said, We have to pass it before reading it, Remember ?
When are the Dems going to step up to the plate as a united front to save USA?
Dems save the USA? Really? You should put the crack pipe down it's Rotting your brain!
Dems had to pass it to see what's in it. Remember?  Vote for the people not your career
Hey Claire I seem to remember that your buddy plastic Pelosi said you have to pass it to see what's in it! Or are you totally dementia now!
Oh you're going to Confuse @clairecmc with the facts! She only cares about reelection,
You got a pass it before you can read it remember that?
You have to pass the bill to see what is in it!   Think that is how works Claire.
I believe they did that a couple of hours ago. At least I think I saw a headline hit my feed to that issue.
The Republican AHCA bill will affect employer healthcare insurance by cutting services like pediatric care. Less Medicaid, more for the rich
Let's have hearings now to understand full impact to groups across America, in different states.
What do you care. You could think it's the best Bill and still vote no.
The Republicans AHCA will have less coverage for citizens and even your own healthcare, if you have one, will provide less services. #AHCA
Dnc kind of lost all your elections at almost every level so.... republicans really can do what they want, sorry!
Expand the Congressional ACA Natl Exchg to create a 9.2+million enrollee  insurance pool?  Sell HC Ins. across state lines. End small pools.
Thank u for standing up for us!!!
Have seen video of u confronting Hatch several times. Kudos to u. He looked like a fool. #fixACA
It was ok for the Dems to this.
Why did the democratic controlled congress  acquiescence the public option?
If only the public option would of been passed most if not all the current problems would be nonexistent
You were fine with Harry Reid and Nancy Pelosi writing Obamacare behind closed doors.  You need to just hush.
Tomorrow. It will happen tomorrow
How about a court room?
the American ppl HAVE been clear
it doesn't matter to @gop

it would help I think if you actually sounded like you care btw
She gave Hatch a very sincere lecture on this secret deal.
You mean like the Democrats did? What a joke
Wth hearing room is that
It's a fait accompli. The votes have already been counted, and it will pass, 51-50 if need be.
Give em hell Claire
McConnell and his gang are doing exactly what they whined about the Dems doing in 2009.  How about you call out that hypocrisy as well?
What you get when you obstruct the people's business
