Thank you! Support you from a far!!
You're Not supporting Gorsuch because of "a study?" Where can I find details of this study and it's findings?
SHAME. The GOP voted for all of Obama's candidates for SCOTUS. They didn't like them. I will do all I can to oust you from cushy Senate seat
Good for standing for your principles. No Gorsuch. If they can't get 60; change the candidate not the rules.
Thank you @clairecmc for your No vote on Gorsuch
Thank you for seeing the light.
thank you for zeroing in on corp and autism.  You show great insight
Thank you!
Thank you Senator McCaskill !
I am thankful and grateful for you and your courage!  You are one of the good ones
I agree.  Thank you!  I have a large group of working moms and working at home moms who will help with your reelection campaign.  Thank you!
Thank you for voting for the people and not the corporation! #FilibusterGorsuch
@clairecmc Thank you for standing with your constituents against Gorsuch! He doesn't stand w American workers or their children #NoGorsuch
Thank you Senator McCaskill
Thank you for this decision!
Yay. You made the right choice. I back you for reelection. Power to the people.
Enjoy your last term in the Senate. The people will remember your obstructionist opposition to Judge Gorsuch and you will be FLUSHED in 2018
Your filibuster 
Pushed them into a corner 
Freed the beast of Extremism
Gone that balance of power 
No winners here
Congratulations
It is disgusting that you would vote NO on an extremely qualified individual. You really need to do some elementary reading.! Disgusting.
Way to go!
Bad for US. Stolen seat. Thank you!
This is one of the reasons I will be voting no for Sen McCaskill in 2018. What's the Democrat platform this year other than opposing Trump?
! You took a oath to up hold constitution yet you vote NO for judge that will do just that, Shame!
Thank-you, Senator McCaskill. I don't see it as so difficult a choice. This seat on the court belongs to Merrick Garland. Simple.
Sometimes the law is the law, working people or not. Vote for Gorsuch!
thank you. ALL but essential WH activity should CEASE & DESIST until truputin concern is neutralized.
please don't change your vote on gorsich - it will make it easier to vote you out in 2018 - thanks for your help
Vote yes for Gorsuch. He is qualified.  Please stop the partisan politics.
That's not the issue!  He's an abundantly qualified jurist. Stop playing party games and do your job - the job you're elected to do for MO!
McCaskill is bad for working people and bad for Missouri. The chickens are commin home to roost. #dumpclaire
tell Claire that I can't wait to vote her out of office!
Thank you, Senator McCaskill, for publicly opposing Gorsuch's nomination.
Thank You Senator! You have elevated yourself, and you have elevated America!
You lost my vote today.
She is running for office and needs DNC support. Hopefully she will just boycott the vote like the testimony.
Claire is voting no because the Democratic leader told her to. She is using flimsy excuses if she had listen or been at testimony. 2018
Lost my vote along with my entire extended family, all former voters for you. Too many games and really hoped you might rise above it
We are proud to have a member considering people over politics.  Way to go Claire McCaskill! #noGorsuch
THANK YOU!!!!
incorrect (and self-serving). #Gorsuch defended Hobby Lobby & Sisters of the Poor against Obamacare's heavy boot.
Very happy with this stance. You will garner much support now, in 2018 and beyond. History has its eyes on all. No vote on this stolen seat
Thank you!
Thank you, Senator McCaskill. Gorsuch's record of siding with the big guy at the expense of the little guy is alarming.
I am on your side! Go Claire!!
Vote Yes!
Thank you 
Good call, Senator McCaskill.
Amen
thank you very much
Thank you Senator. You are a true American
Good job on Gorsuch!
BREAKING: McCaskill is bad for both America and Missouri. That's why her political career is on a down ward spiral.
Thank you so much @clairecmc @McCaskillOffice I will do whatever it takes to get you reelected in my home state! 
Sorry to hear that.  I will be voting no for you on the next election, if you run.
And exactly how did you jump to that conclusion...
Thank you, Senator. Make them work at least a little bit to fill that seat they stole.
McCaskill's no vote will only help ensure the Republicans use the "nuclear option" and probably cause her to lose her seat in 2018.
#McCaskill is running for re-election in 2018 in a state #Trump won by 19 percentage points.  See you then.

Thank you, Senator. Jim in 65809
And that's why I'll never vote for YOU.
still respect Senator McCaskill. But really disagree with a No Vote.
Bad for #women, #gorsuch decisions have shown that.
At least since Bork, the Dems have ruined the Senate for the forseeable future. Your rationale for "No" is shameful--and you know it.
