Your my senator. I believe you know this is a very bad thing for the country. Yet you are playing partisan politics. Shame.
How do you think Russians affected election?
Something happened. Let's investigate. If we're wrong, fine. If not, I'd like to know. Wouldn't you?
If Investigation honest, of course. With corruption of media, rigging of primary, etc great prob it would be corrupt too
I just want a good investigation. Something transparent. There's been too much misinformation.
What misinformation are you taking about?
Where should I start! Trump spreads misinformation, Pence parrots it. Etc.
A lot of what DJT has said was initially labeled misinformation but was later shown true. I am waiting to see what happens
WHAT !?!?!?!?!
yep, two years ago he said that!!!!
Jesus. These people .
I solemnly swear that I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic.
You might want to ask the guy who makes foreign policy that question...way back when Russia shamed him...Obama
Cuckoo to cocoa puffs. Take a break from the wine before you post, dear.
Typical response from a left devotee…conflate with personal attacks instead of facts.  Good luck.
wow. You know everything and can say that the Russians have hacked only one man's emails in America. 1
no…as I said…they have been hacking the Pentagon and many other gov accounts…but now Obama worried?
Hacking the US is not the same as hacking US elections. Who's talking Obama? The whole country is upset
They did not hack an election…Get a grip.
And you'd be saying that if they helped a Democrat win the White House?
So what did the Russians help with?
You've heard of Watergate? The Russians did the same thing, but got away with it.
Lol! Yeah I remember.Nixons crew planted a bug in DNC headquarters. You saying Russians bugged?
They surreptitiously inserted malware onto DNC operative's computer & used it to intercept comms.
This of course is speculation at this point...
Even if we accept that it's speculation, despite what our intelligence agencies say...
Cornyn's statement is absurd in the extreme. There needs to be an investigation...
In bed with the Russians are we Senator?
.@JohnCornyn Interesting (but not surprising) to see your priorities. Party over country. Desire for power > strength of character.
The @GOP is about the GOP, if it takes them colluding with Russia to win an election, they'll do it. umm, did it. @artgraz @JohnCornyn
and voter suppression..can't win otherwise.
is an ally of Russia and an enemy to the American people, the Constitution and democracy itself. #Election2016
So, if you didn't mention it, does that make you a traitor?
- You poor dumb west Texas boy - try learning something next time in school ... 
as one of your constituents I am deeply disturbed that you don't care. Shameful.
What a lameass response from another gutless GOP senator.
Traitor.
someone sure loves the taste of Putin's cock....
As my former representative, you, sir, cannot be serious. Trump is suspected of being groomed by Putin. This is new.
Sure looking a bit more serious now. Eh John?
@Kris_Sacrebleu @JohnCornyn << as long as he keeps his job and his party has the power, he could give a damn
oh I get you and I agree
You have violated your oath. And you arrogantly underestimate the will of your constituents. #impeachment

When was the last time they helped win a presidential election!!!
we shall find out....Nixon years are repeating
Texas voter here: please take seriously the intelligence work of your agencies. Have the courage to call for an investigation.
@ecclesias @JohnCornyn Texans are watching. Are you also a puppet? Putin's puppet?
Redistricting makes his seat safe, so what does @JohnCornyn have to worry about?
He's a Senator in the red state Texas so dsn't hav to worry abt a district but point takn @bejaha @theonetruemyles @JohnCornyn
The redistricting does make Texas a fake red state, which works for  @JohnCornyn.
Oh, ok. I guess it adds to it. Fortuntly inNJ we do have a pretty fair way to redistrict.
In Texas, the major cities were liberal, but day after redistricting conservative.
Must be so frustrating. I know how I felt when Christie ran.
why have you not informed us Texans on Russian hacking Senator? Your leader told us no Russian hacking it is a guy in Jersey
A presidential election hijacked by a foreign power and covered up by GOP leaders isn't "news?" How about collusion...
What a flippant response. This constituent expects you to treat this threat to our security seriously.
HOW DARE YOU YOU COWARD
So you knowingly support a WH that you knew was helped in the election by Russians?
.@JohnCornyn When the Russian government, or any foreign power, steals our US elections, it's MORE than news.  It's cause for a revolution.
@care4democracy @JohnCornyn
So, you're saying you've been Putin's stooge for years? Does your family know about this? So you're nothing, then...
in the upcoming remake of Back to the Future Reagan returns to 1983 from 2016 and runs for Re-Election in 1984 as a Democrat..
seriously, that's your answer? Where are your principles?
It's Obama and the liberal media trying to delegitimize Trump Presidency. Disgusting.
27000 tweets to 93 followers? LOL you should listen more, talk less.
You are not too smart. If you looked closer, you would see I Never tweet, only reply comments. Bye Bye BLOCK
Expect to see more Russian apologists come out of the woodwork.
expect a phone call from me Monday. I am one of your constituents.
YES CALL!  @JohnCornyn
Get out of our state.
You're an embarrassment. Your entire party is an embarrassment. You're allowing this insanity for power and profit.
Principles or party. Your choice. Exchange Clinton for Trump, and Russia for Saudi Arabia. Feel the same about PEOTUS Clinton?
sorry reality hurts you so much. They messed with an open and free election. If you were a patriot you would care.
GOP is demonstrating unequivocally their counter-patriotic self-interest. Truly astonishing level of evil being revealed.
It's news, it's serious and your response manages to be both alarming and ridiculous.
All this "news" of Russian hacking: it has been going on for years.  Serious, but hardly news
@williamjordann you're out of touch.
We have been invaded 
All hands on deck 
R U AN AMERICAN OR A RUSSIAN?
@samsteinhp It's news & very serious. Russia interfered in our democratic election to help Trump win. Country before party.
I remember when the @GOP used to oppose Russia.
@Anti_Fox_News @JohnCornyn @GOP The GOP...hell im 46yrs old and grew up being taught USSR=Enemy!!!!WTFis going on here!!!!
Reagan must be spinning in his grave.
I mean our whole country R's & D's should be outraged. Im no lawyer but i smell treason!!!
I grew up taught the Nazis were evil too but that seems to be over also
@carmenvellon @marcusblake789 @mark_hawksley @Anti_Fox_News No, they're still evil. Forever.
Wish this clown show coming to DC understood that...
Russians hacked the RNC and kept the emails. Are you compromised? Is that why it's "hardly news"?
so the Russians have been working to elect Repubs for years and you're okay with that? Ok with the thought of it? Get real.
Wow. A foreign gov't interfering in a US election to pick a candidate, and the #GOP calls it "hardly news". #PartyOverCountry
fifth column
damn right it's serious. It DID change the election outcome.

It's "hardly news" that they got this far? Guess we know which side you're bread is buttered on.  Get used to the word traitor
.@JohnCornyn amazing statement.
curious what you'd say if Russia selectively released RNC emails but not DNC, and threw election to Clinton. "Hardly news?"
amazing how relaxed they are about foreign involvement-disgusting
It's frightening. We've got cowards in charge. Where are our real leaders?
his name is Obama and anything he says or does GOP deem partisan politics
I will be working to defeat Republicans at every level in Texas.@JohnCornyn
Hasn't been this little interest in the truth since OJ tried to find the real killer
So sir, this incident or incidents should not be investigated?
Seriously!? If you're not worried that Russians successfully attacked our Democracy, you should be investigated for Treason, sir
The very definition of TREASON.
If tables had been turned and your party lost, would you still feel the same?
you're hardly a patriot if only defend party and not the entire USA.  Country before party and your own self-serving interests
So we should just ignore it? Were they helpful to you and your campaign?
you'll go down as a traitor with Trump unless you change your evil ways, now!
Then why didn't you do anything about it or start an investigation then? Oh right, the GOP benefitted from it, party over TX
I vote for you to be near our gov't. with this deceived opinion
@ananavarro Here is Cornyn's view.  Still trust him to be impartial?  I don't.
why have you put news in quotation marks?
You put the party first with your vote for Betsy DeVos. Soon your patriotism will really be tested again. IMPEACHMENT.
It's very sad you put duty to party over love of country.
Since Reagan, with embarrassingly few exceptions.
GET A GRIP,,,DOES NOT MAKE IT OK...THEY WENT TO FAR THIS TIME....
you must hate America to think that this is in anyway okay and acceptable.  Get out of government!
hardly news, fake news, ...John, you might want to lay off the trumpian kool-aid. It might be mixed with a Russian liquid.
Good thing you won't be FBI director
If by years, you mean "3", maybe.  But you make it sound like it was pre-internet, LOL.
do us a favor.  Be an an American  and shut trump up. Sheesh
shame on you!!! That's a treasonous statement!!  But "emails" right?????  How do you sleep at night?
he's paid very well to sleep at night. check his bank account. #notmysenator and I live in Texas.
sad but true! They're all about the mighty dollar. It's what motivates the entire GOP. Their own bank accounts!
It's not a GOP problem. Almost all in D.C. abuse their power for money. Don't be partisan.
delete your account #fdt #fgop
You're as bad as the Trumpkins. Can't say any truths without partisan backlash. Carry on, Snowflake.
I deleted him. #fdt
So how long have you been involved?
Yeah, sure. Let's all hope Trump chooses someone else to replace Comey.
What have they got on you, you gigantic himbo?
@williamjordann stop covering up for trump. We want no meddling from any foreign power.
@SumerSloan Yes because Putin wanted Obama for President?  Pump up the other arm...... #FromRussiaWithLove
That makes no sense @nubiansoaps @JohnCornyn
John Cronyn is party before citizens even in his own state. He thinks Russia has done this before...really Obama???
.@JohnCornyn @LTheresistance   Corny, just b/c it's not news 2 u, doesn't mean this doesn't need to b investigated. U work 4 us. We decide.
absolutely fine that RUSSIANS TAMPERED with our election. Nothing to see here. Also, how do you sleep at night?
China too. Curious, as a Senator, what the hell have you done about besides work on getting reelected? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eNobp7OnlJw …
I'm old enough to remember Watergate. Many of us considered that "news."
.@JohnCornyn What's been going on for years is GOP pols like you putting party before country. Now it's Putin before country too.
Traitor
patriot you are not sir!
In other words you value your party over the national security of your country.
as a member of Judicial Committee and Constitution Subcomittee you are sayingit doesn't matter? Why are you in government, sir?
GOP "win at all costs" a sick reality for years.  But this takes the cake. Get out of politics, U R a danger to US. #russiagate
What's NEW is that u have colluded with Russia against your own country. That's TREASON. You, McConnell & GOP have sold yr souls
@Jdgbert @JohnCornyn makes you wonder what Russia has on RNC and all GOP
l live in Texas and have NEVER been so ashamed of our elected officials.  All self serving hypocrites!!
.@JohnCornyn So kept secret from American public for national security; now we find out how bad it is & u say it's not news. #shame
Imagine what the GOP would have done if it had happened to help put @HillaryClinton in the seat.
It would be news that mattered to you if Russian Hacking fueled a Hillary Clinton victory.
wait so this is your response to a foreign govt meddling in our natl elections?? You're a hypocrite & embarrassment  #REVOTE
Traitor
& @GOP cronies have set women back 100 years. TX is only for wealthy white men. Women's Rights completely eroding. He is unaware
Shame on you!
how many congressional hearings have there been about Russian hacking?
Bull. Shit.
It was news to me that senate GOP leaders blocked the public from learning pre-election that Russia's goal was to install Trump
.@JohnCornyn Hacking has been going on for years OR hacking to benefit GOP has been going on for years?
How serious does it have to be for you to do something about it?  Or is someone getting healthcare more detrimental to US?

I see that @BarackObama's spine has already found a new job.
When Republicans from Texas are ok with the Russians hacking our election system, you know we've gone over the deep end.
Emails matter but Russian interference in our pres-election doesnt?? FBI interference? Jesus, u r no patriot
Then your patriotic responsibility is to take heed, put ego, party aside. If has been done "for years" state your proof& assist.
you sir need to step aside. When your so partisan you can't face the onvious truth you are no longer fit to serve!
If you don't trust your CIA and you won't follow the pledge to uphold the constitution STEP DOWN
Hardly news to YOU as we found out yesterday. @GOP has no right to direct us anymore. You have lost ALL credibility & integrity.
Is this you treating it seriously?  Seriously? Because this looks like a joke.
Define news
please contact Sen Cornyn's office and DEMAND to know his involvement!  We know @GregAbbott_TX took Trump $$$ #TexasValues
yeah I am sure this is what you would say if this helped Clinton win
Delete your account
As a Texan, I'm ashamed you're not more of a patriotic American & refuse to condemn/fight this intrusion by a foreign country.
Why were DNC emails released but not the RNC?  Why did McConnell not want to go public before election?  This is nefarious.
Anything to protect Trump admin, loaded with appointments from the industries that contribute the most to you (finance and oil).
What are you doing about it?
Yeah, I remember in all those past elections where Russia released hacked data on one party to benefit the other.
remember when we used to have patriotic statesmen instead of partisan hacks..... Good times
your greatgrandchildren will be embarrassed by their relationship to you
listen to your constituents Senator - Russia hacking our election is the biggest news since the collapse of the Soviet Union
yeah the closest thing we've experienced to the Manchurian Candidate is NBD.
You spit on the lives of so many who have fought & died to protect the US by allowing a foreign power to cyber-invade the US.
@jmartNYT if it was serious why didn't the McConnell controlled Senate hold hearings about it?
When they come for you, and they will, we will remember this.
So hacking has been going on for years & you have sat by & done nothing about it? U are not protecting your people
Americans will not accept our so-called leaders patronizingly patting our heads & telling us "nothing to see here."
how can it be serious but also not news?
But the presidential election hasn't "been going on for years." Do you grasp this, or do you simply not care?
and I suppose it's not significant that they released damaging info on Democrats but not Republicans?
Just how many of you are beholding to the Russians!  What have you done to our government?
why did you sell your country down the river
dif is:GOP/DJT havDeepTies2Putin thatr nowflauntd opnly.Theyr p/o a vryclvr Putin-mov2cntrol USrsrcs 4use agnst HIS enmies(us2?)
oh, just that crazy Vlad and his cronies up to their teenage shenanigans again.  Maybe you should try thinking before tweeting
unbelievably shameful but not unexpected
Reagan would be appalled at your lack of concern.
It's not lack of concern. It's a weak attempt to get ppl to stop talking about it. He's complicit.
apparently you are a Russian Useful Idiot too #Traitor
Aren't you the guy who couldn't even defend TX queso from AR 'cheese dip'?
No it hasn't, this is the first. Are you afraid if you agree there was Russian influence, they'll expose your e mails?
If it's been going on for years, why hasn't anything been done about it?
The voice and face of cowardice. Or ignorance. Either way. Both, probably. #GOPsellout
REALLY?!
Russian election interference=business as usual? I'm sure @realDonaldTrump appts are coincidental .Open your eyes. #trumptreason
The GOP has sold their soul to the devil, including U. Texas is ashamed of u.
you are an unpatriotic fool who continues to put party before country.
Party over country. Party over Constitution. Good reminder of why George Washington opposed partisanship.
What's that thing about protecting and defending the Constitution? Oh right--just as with deficits, you Rs only pretend to care.
Sad to say, you're my rep, and I'm DISGUSTED you'd shrug this off to support a Russian puppet. #ManchurianDonald
.@JohnCornyn So that's it, Russia's known to have interfered w/election & yr response is "*shrug* what are you gonna do?" Nice work, Senator
GOP strategy relies on the complacency of the governed.
The @GOP don't care about anything but staying in power and making money for oligarchs. America does not matter to them.
-As a Texan, it is troubling to see you senator dismiss a foreign gov. Interfering in our elections. Suck it up and be a man.
Did you think that up or did Moscow write it for you?
You should be ashamed of yourself
you should be hanged for treason, you fucking Russian, commie coward!
hypocrite. You'd sell your own mother out if it suited you. Shame.
you should be removed from office for saying this.
someone said this was fake news this seems a verified account
As a Texan I say shame on you. Party over country. Shame on you.
Hardly news?! They directly influenced the presidential election. Don't you think that is worthy of investigation?
What. The. Fuck?
.@JohnCornyn so if somebody stole from you on regular basis, you wouldn't think it a big deal because it would have been going on for years?
oh so i guess it's ok then
you haven't succeeded in dumbing down all Americans yet.  Obfuscation is complicity.  Man up.
you are a traitor to the US Constitution . Shame on you
You've got a strange idea of what is newsworthy
@jmartNYT very interesting
Instead of working to take health care and social security away from Americans, you need to stop this Russian-backed coup d'état
Your apathy here is really pretty gross.
A Foreign enemy power hacking to intervene in a US election has not been going on for years. Please inquire.
so assface, does that mean "so what?" you are such a pompous ass...
are you kidding? RESIGN TRAITOR
So we can count on you NOT to investigate Trump's Russian ties and appts. like Tillerson, comrade?
If it has been going on for years, why hasn't the GOP Senate or Congress investigated it? We know you love investigations!
One little missing detail Sir. CIA told GOP of Russian hacking for DJT! Yet Sen McConnell chose Do Nothing! Not a 400lb hacker!
- You, too, are apparently just another tool #usefulidiot
well Texas remember this when he's up for re-election he's to scared to stand up to trump & Russia! That's not American
You're a fraud. I'm ashamed you represent Texas. The people will end up paying for Republican hypocracy. Grow a pair!
The state you represent exists because of bravery in the face of a foreign power. Find some guts and fight like a Texan.
this is disgraceful.
delete your account.   And resign
Yeah, sure, except if Russia had hacked & published all donny's dirty little secrets the right would want to nuke Putin & Dems.
I guess we know what your lasting legacy will be now, party over country
so does that make it o.k.
