never trust The Guardian !!!!
Wow!  Aren't Serbia and Russia supposed to be pretty tight?
@JesusFromMars doesn't matter anymore Mr Kalle!
This is how to respond to Russian interference in democracy
Two bad we could not deport those involved in the Russian coup in the US.
instead our FBI help them
Had a coup by the U.S. Intelligence(FBI), Media, false news, Russia hackers & voter suppression
and all on the border of a weakening EU
@Colvinius @guardian they accomplish their coop here
Be proudly convinced.
Gee why can't @WikiLeaks ever reveal anything useful on their BFF Putin and Russia? I guess Podesta's recipes more important!
.@carlbildt @MikeStaresinic

Similar to the US sponsored coup (Vicky Nuland) in Ukraine.

What's the learning - don't trust superpowers?
@ggrushko @guardian and that's what they're trying to do to U.S....FTP
No pasaran.
Yeah pretty much. Chaps been up there for decades.
Build Lie Von Carl
For feck sake, I grew up in the Red Scare era. If the Russians were as good as the scaremongers claim, they'd have won already.
2016 the year anything could happen and did.. lol
@GlennKesslerWP @guardian shady stuff is going on and hey  let's make Trump leader so him and Putin get us all killed!
hey we should've simply voted HRC whose mandate included going to nucleur war with Russia!
@coffee_minion @guardian trying to conquer the world one country at the time without weapons...
Ugh. The Balkans are turning all Ruritanian again. The Kurvi-Taschists are behind this somehow. @juhasaarinen
Hmm, I'm old enough to recognise the references in that tweet.
Surely you are wise beyond your years.
most interesting but why Montenegro?
Considering he's after almost every nation semi-close to Russia, not a surprise.
agreed, not a surprise
It just suggests that the Balkans are geopolitically important. What will EU do?
either nothing or some vague statements leading to nothing (and claim "no wars in Europe since EC formed")
Agree!
"Confirmed" ? It does seem to be in any ways a flimsy word, in these years?
as serbian I can say that none of this can be trusted
-Don't let the Russians come back! Ever!
Ever since a Russian puppet became POTUS, we can't rely on US protection anymore. The EU needs its own army!
Trump is busy tweeting. What's Obama doing?
outrageous
Ah, the Balkans. Always exciting times there.
Russia doing what the US has done in countless countries. Why are we only angry with Russia?
@sarahkendzior @guardian Montenegro approaching NATO membership
CC: @sarahkendzior any thoughts?
.@carlbildt These events reveal why #Serbia has no business courting the EU. It's a Trojan horse/base of operations for Russia
putin wants to destabilize the entire world...
calle.. enlight us..you surely know more....
any response from EU? balkans could get lit on hellish fire what the EU answer? deep concerns?
@davidfrum @guardian @ggreenwald Assures me this is just more    McCarthyist fear mongering. Nothing to see here folks.
Putin can't stop meddling in other countries the same as he can't stop stealing from the Russian state & people, it's all me me
The Russians are nothing but evil all the way.
@davidfrum @guardian If this gets the Serbs at Ivan's throat I for one won't lose sleep. How about the Albanians too? Sic'm Tige!
@Bakari_Sellers @guardian. hmm Russians huh! HEY aren't they @realDonaldTrump friends.. correct me if I'm wrong but IDTS..
Where the would be assassins staying at a Trump hotel? Hope they got a chance to try the golf course.
This story smells fishy. Serbia and Montenegro already have pro-Moscow governments. What would be the point of a coup?
there's always meddling going on; sometime blatant sometimes subtle, but it's there.
a lie
@dpletka @guardian it is Serbia!!
@davidfrum @guardian the new pan-slavism. In a time we are weakened
@davidfrum @guardian Russia needs to get checked ... big time
LOL
@realDonaldTrump likes to cite Patton.Don't ever forget them...Someday we will have to fight them.Putin loves DT.
@alexburnsNYT @guardian not remarkable, predictable.
We see, and will continue to see, an increased effort from Putin to expand his direct sphere of interest. Eroupean peace at stake
@DOJ ITS KINDA MAKES YA WONDER WHEN DOJ AND FBI AND FEDERAL MARSHALS ARE GONNA GET OFF THEIR ASSES AND PROTECT AMERICA, fromtrump
YOU ARE VERY SICK PERSON
You've got to wake up. Putin is highly intelligent and very capable. Why wouldn't he when he faces sanctions?
@willshome @guardian Russians not Russia. You are xenophobes
@Bakari_Sellers @guardian First Georgia, then the Ukraine & now Montenegro, Serbia? Surely, there's a pattern here. A scary one.
Kim demiş Ruslar başka ülkelerde darbeler yapmaya kalkmaz diye. TR dahi Azerbeycan'da darbe yapmayı denemiş. İbişler @carlbildt @guardian
@michaeldweiss @guardian  Vučić should deport Šešelj
ehm, why deport and not detain :S
@michaeldweiss @guardian Devil has no loyalty.
russians were quietly deported but Western diplomats cum intelligens find out quickly. More than 25!!!years in power.
Russian state trolls coming to Putins aid. Its getting old guys.
Estonia, Latvia or Lithuania next?
Russia's ambitions have become a menace. A country that claims no borders has no business being divisive.
... oh wait, I'm not exactly sure that came out as intended.
Russia thinks it's their backyard. The sooner Montenegro's NATO accession is finalised the better.
meanwhile, "you can sew your own hat"? @carlbildt @intelwire @guardian
Wait. You are ALL under Ru threat. The whole EU

Just some countries already understood it, and some didn't
We know it now.
What crap! You have to realise that Djukanovic is the puppet master of Vucic and Nikolic and funds them politically and privately
