@LynetteGrech @PlayHateAndFuck @Hipolitica @LynetteGrech @EmirSejdik @RabbiShaina @Billsaspider
I don't celebrate Christmas, but take it as people wishing me well and a good day on 12/25. They are t trying to offend with good wishes.
I'm Jewish but do know that Muslims find any picture of Muhammed as blasphemous. We should all be respectful and picture shoe on other foot.
Sure.."virgin birth" only the naivest of the naive believe that in the first place.
and here comes the jew...
Your own bigotry on full display
and Merry Christmas to all Christians and Muslims.
if you dont want me to wish you a merry christmas then keep your scrooged butt out of my way.
Oh look, the NYTIMES is now cowering and supporting the people who flip out whenever "Happy Holidays" is said.
@AkyolinEnglish @cesimzeydan @slanzanegger @p9cker_girl @amberlhls1 @MustafaDuman_
did you want my birth?
peace among religions is peace in the world
As long as that isn't a signal to kill us all.  WE SPEAK ENGLISH IN THIS COUNTRY. EQUALITY for women, life matters
Merry Christmas
FELIZ NAVIDAD Y PRÓSPERO AÑO NUEVO
Thank you and Merry Christmas to you and a happy new year :D
are you kidding? You can't even wish Christians a Merry Christmas anymore at lest in USA. Very sad.
@JohnCornyn @nytopinion

A Christmas party was the scene of the San Bernardino massacre.

https://twitter.com/v_of_europe/status/813532257797505028 …
And this is important why?
will that is your opinion
People throw around words like secular like southerners throw around "my sexy cousin."
my Muslim friends wished me merry Christmas and I wished it back 2. The  didn't end
Who cares?
I don't mind someone saying Happy Hanukkah or Kwanza or Festivus.
Another example of  politics of division
That means they are all the same kind of crazy 
The real agenda of jews - immigration to white countries
How about wishing them to cut their throats and die?
jesus wasnt born in DECEMBER get your facts right
please tell it for the Swedish government
@summerbrennan @nytopinion I have Muslim friends who say Merry Christmas. It means very little to me, but I reciprocate.
Why is this even an article? Are we that afraid of offending Muslims? Or does NYT think that Muslims r easily offended
Logic is one thing but doing it is another. Choose your Muslim carefully.
except that 25 December is the birthday of the Roman God Sol Invictus - not Jesus (born May)!
NYT don't friggn be ridiculous.
Because they hate every thing than Islam.

cool. Can some of them stop driving trucks into crowds and shooting up clubs next?
very good !
despite some of the ignorant responses, Islam loves and values Jesus and Mary is beloved by ALL Muslims! Happy Holiday!
tinjauan Natal dari sudut kesamaan pandangan Islam Kristen terhdap  nabi Isa AS
THATS WHY ALL CHRISTEN CHURCHES ON ALERT FROM MUSLIM TERROR TODAY.MERRY CHRISTMAS YER HEAD PLEASE! WHAT BS
only wish those of Islam see Jesus more than just a prophet a man born of woman & one born without sin like all mankind
Muslims claim they believe Jesus was a prophet but they don't agree with his teachings. So what kind of prophet does that make him
Jesus said what at John 17:17. In his day that referred to all 39 books of the Hebrew Scriptures.Since his death,27 added in Greek
Prophet Isa is worshiped by the Christians at Christmas.Muslims don't take part in festivals that worship the prophets
because they believe none has the right to be worshiped except the Creator alone.Also a lot of Muslims adhering to the
Qur'an & Sunnah don't celebrate birthdays.
Wrong it is wrong Some will kill u for believing Jesus being God Is  killing offense, have u even read their book?
@TheYoungTurks Stupidest article counterproductive as it can get: Premise of the headline &what it can imply #Aieaieaie
JeSUS said I am the way, the truth and the life. No man comes to God but through me. Muslims would have beheaded him.
Merry Christmas refers to the belief that JESUS is the only begotten son of GOD. Muslims will have you beheaded 4 that.
who said it was wrong to wish Muslims or anyone for that matter Merry Christmas?
All fiction folks, don't be duped.

may be, but is Christmas the exact birth date of Jesus the son of Mary peace be up on him!?
so why is it un-PC to say Merry Christmas in the US?
There are similar beliefs in the worlds three major religions if you have an opened heart and mind.
it's more about culture and since people her in the Middle East and closed minded fucks then it's not allowed for us
@GinaRustami
Good luck with that...
Christians and Muslims would get along fine if Muslims would just stop killing them.
try telling that to the 'grateful' ppl come in to our communities who try to get Xmas decorations etc bannedit's a lie
exactly 
Mohammed was a pedophile.
but Mohammed rejected the resurrection of Christ. That's called a cult.
yea sure.. come to Syria or Iraq and tell the dead kids merry christmas
it's not wrong to wish a Merry Christmas to anyone of any religion. Wishing peace and happiness should offend no one.
I do not believe in a deity of any kind. Nevertheless, I wish you all a Merry Christmas!
yes wish Merry Christmas to anyone of goodwill. Just don't accuse us of blasphemy once you hear we believe Jesus is God
Don't you THERE COMPARE their beliefs either our born again Christians believes they are totally different.
Off course right 
Not wrong to wish Muslims Merry Christmas? Tell that to the Muslims who are ENRAGED if you wish them a Merry Christmas.
I'm muslim and i wish you merry Christmas and beautiful holidays
yeah. wish a muslims Merry Christmas. they'll return the courtesy as they hack off your head.

.  

This is what we'll all bitterly remember... 

HUSSEIN OBAMA’S LEGACY  !!!!   

 .
.  

ONLY 25 MORE DAYS OF THIS SHIT !!!  

THEN BACK TO REALITY.... 

 .
there r many but to explain the subject again But

Yeah. It's all good. And by the way...who cared? Just respect man.@nytimes @nytopinion
who the fuck cares what they think - we dont complain about their festivities do we ?????????
what kind of primitive faiths we are talking here........
please let us know if someone actually down that and what kind of responses does he/she get
merry Christmas
such a great piece
It would be a start if you could wish christians "Merry christmas" without turning it into "happy holidays".
I wouldn't recommend it. ..their whole system is built around ..revenge. ..
the World will be United one day ...another 1000 years 
my Muslim taxi driver wished me a very heart-felt "Happy Christmas" today. Such a pleasant, friendly lovely guy.
merry christmas :)
It's not wrong to wish people a merry anything, why does this get so much attention
merry Christmas
Yes, and the tomato is a fruit, not a veg. But you don't put them in fruit salad.
we should all respect one another
No proof it happened.
Is there proof that it didn't happen?
No proof of santa so I dont believe in that either. Correct answer to after death is we do not know.
Merry Christmas
I have good things, and I would like share with others people may or may not like. Am I wrong? It is the same.
.@nytimes @nytopinion Why does everything have to meet the approval of Muslims?
Because there is this novel notion that being exclusive increases the divisiveness between people.
.@optimisticmocha @nytimes @nytopinion Women's rights, LGBT rights, non-Halal meat, alcohol, stringed instruments and apostasy are divisive?
#nihilism is foresaken
.@optimisticmocha @nytimes @nytopinion #Religion is nonsense.
we love them too,the mother nd son yieso almasiho(Jesus).
yes we love yeiso almasiho(Jesus)Isah nd his mother merry too,we both the child nd mother.
It is considered by many of them to be a koufir to say the same back,tho, because of difference in conception & death
Merry Christmas
Merry Christmas to you too, Ali. Peace be with you.
Thank you :D
virgin birth. 
Eh? Jesus is Middle Eastern. So, ...
It's not "wrong" to wish anyone a Merry Christmas, if the are offended then they offend me and "My" belief

And it never has been. Christians share much in common with the Jewish faith as well.
ya, that why I tell them to wish Christmas to muslims..
that's why islam ask them to facing west on today..
for wake up in the morning but not go to sleeping all night long..
@whaddajokebruh
#AliunWaliullah
