where's Obama? Oh ya...Hawaii golfing. He's got his priorities straight. Jan 20 can't come soon enough
trump is golfing with tiger woods today, you dunce
Thy all seem to be dunce s The Gorillas take power 
President Trump. Sounds good huh?
Four year National nightmare about to begin
It'll be just fine. Have a little faith. He's already doing some good
what's he done? Look at this shit. Insane. Who does that? He's got early onset dementia.
He wouldn't have to say that if HRC could lose gracefully instead of blaming everyone & their dog
good. As he should. @POTUS @BarackObama proves yet again that he is woefully ignorant and malicious toward Israel. Terrible.
stop stealing land. It's so simple. Even a Trumper should get it
friendly reminder the Arab nations and Palestinians have never accepted Israel period
Fourteen to nil, time to obey international law!
it's so cute that you think the UN has a mandate on international law. #UNisaSHAM
it's the forum which created Israel...small detail. It was acceptable then!!
1948 was a long time ago. Need I remind you that German WASN'T "acceptable then"
You should realize that one day Israel might actually NEED international law, so unwise to break them all the time.
Obama proves he is the enemy
settlements on other people's land is the enemy. What if I took your property?
you'd be shot dead, but the thing is that is Israelis land.
No, it isn't. And they had plenty  time to make the argument. The international law is rational, and reasonable
LMFAO fuck international law. President trump will help Israel.
LOL, no he won't. Learn the law before you try to say fuck it. Buddy.
LMFAO America is not bound by any law but ours. We can and will do as we want and there's nothing you can do about it
America can't est borders nor eradicate international court rulings. Plus, there is 36 yrs of us taking this stand.
I think Netanyahu needs to stay in Israel and shut his mouth!!!
#Americans DENOUNCE it too @Netanyahu We support #Israel
Be an American fist and Israel supporter 2nd
Are you saying it's to our benefit to go against Israel?
US was neutral. Best way for balanced approach to Arab-Israeli peace, IMO
HOGWASH! There has NEVER BEEN A PALESTINE! The land belongs to #ISRAEL
then did the Bible lie about Jesus being born in Palestine?
The bible doesn't say Jesus was born in palestine. He was born a century b4
u you need to read your Bible again.  Read Joel 3:3-5
the Obama administration has screwed-over Israel again and again.  #Trump will reverse the anti-Semitic policies of Obama
you don't get to steal other people's land. Amazing conservatives can't understand this
zwell Tom, remember Standing Rock? Appears GOP thinks it is ok to steal the land of others.
Don't be a chump, after Israel is gone, Europe and US is next, they're rebuilding the Caliphate
Is Israel leaving?
????
After US non-veto of an anti-Israel resolution in  UN-if Jewish citizens vote for Democrats they will have shamed themselves
While Jews in Israel welcomed the Sabbath, the Obama Administration turns its back on them
Trump probably hopes to get some of that Palestinian land for a hotel...
Those fake ass Israelis are NOT the Jews of the Bible. Obama carries a tradition every Black family knows. Fuck Israel
huma isn't Iranian
Huma Aberdin is in fact an Iranian citizen.
Shut. Your. Lying. Mouth.

.
Both of her parents are Iranian and she lived part of her life in Iran.
No, she's Indian and Pakistani. Not the same country, jackass.
really sick of Netanyahu trying to influence American politics stay in Israel and deal with your own people
Because he's an asshole?
Israel is behaving like a stupid.
Netanyahu lied to the US people are still dying in the Middle East because Bush believed him I see his name and
oh well,
Netanyahu wants a war in the Middle East but can't perform or follow thru w/o usa
Israel need to realize that Obama 1st allowed Iran to arm itself and now is signing the death sentence. The left want you dead
#IsraeliPuppets let @Israel rip off #AmericanTaxPayers for $38 Billion in U.S. Welfare.
We have a $19 Trillion deficit!
Did you mention that Bush1 and Bush2 and Reagan all voted against Israel far, far more than Obama, or will you forget?

Obama and his disrespect for our Nation's ally. Shameful
Then Israel can give us our fucking money back!
A LITTLE PAYBACK FOR THAT LITTLE THING NETANYAHU DID BY CIRCUMVENTING PROTOCAL BY IGNORING OBAMA & TALKING DIRECTLY 2 CONGRESS
Obama's entire administration has been anti Isreal. Trump will fix this.
Trump bending down pulling Putin zipper open sucking his D
good we give billions every year and get nothing in return. F them
Maybe he shouldn't have insulted us. @CNNPolitics @ReignOfApril
Well, since Netanyahu joined the US Republican party, surely he tought FBI Director Comey would help him???
why is everybody making a big deal about Israel, the whole world hate that it even exist. The Jews crucified Jesus. Pay back.
History Lesson:Jesus was a Jew.He was living among his own people.Others were Romans.Christianity started later 1/
Having strong bond with israel should mean telling our ally when they are in the wrong & they respect our position #wwjd
Why is it not ok to tell Israel they are in the wrong-as a Christian I value both Israeli & Palestinian life the same
good for Obama.
get over it
Turning back on Israel. Sad day
its ok. Less than a month to go.
the money that Israel gets from our tax money, is the money they are using for the settlement's. So, why is Israel complaining?
3 1/2 weeks and that black son-of-a-bitch will be out of the White House

Go Pres. Trump.  Sick of Israeli aggression. Very courageous to stand up for peace.
BO sells the Jews down the river again. But they still voted for him like sheep
HE wants everyone 2 have nukes
Why am I not surprised with some of the comments being made. Smh I see this kid d of stuff getting worse come Jan 20th 2017
@backdoordrafts @Plaid_Netanyahu Is PM Net a whiner or a bully? US so committed to Isr but he demands total kowtow. No 2 States
Dump the UN.
We don't care what Netanyahu feels. He disrespected President Obama, this is his gift!
Bibi came here to disrespect Obama with GOP help.  Reap what you sow.
it's called the United Nations 4 reason & some may just want 2 B neutral knowing the impact they can have with a yes or no vote
And?
The day he writes a check to pay us back for the billions of taxpayer dollars he's already been given is the day I might care.
I as an American denounced U (Netanyahu) disrespecting POTUSKARMA!!!!!
President Trump will always stand with Gods chosen people of Israel#Israel#PMBIBI
DJT is such a man of God, right?
- I'm pro-Israel - but totally against the level of settlement they've done over the years.
What happened to Hugo Chavez is what Obama is looking for, check it out and take your conclusions https://youtu.be/Y77zMU_rBVI 
another dumb Obama softball pitched to trump. Obama must hate his own party worst of all
Fuck Israel
TOUGH , NUFF SAID .
if israel continues to build settlements,  there will never be peace in Palestine
Or they will be left with a 1 state solution and revenge of the cradle takes over. Down that road lies apartheid.
killing will remain there


Wrong. In this fight Clinton was not even the ring. Nor was US until DT entered us. He knocked out w/ Israel.
F***netanyahu
too bad. Israel settlements are a violation of international law and counterproductive.
