@ananavarro should have added: "And since you are creepy lewd, become a priest so you will have bishops keeping you out of jail."
While Frank hung out with actual gangsters and mafioso. Stay classy--one day after his death.
A day after his death we celebrate George Michael will never be arrested for lewd behavior again.
ooh the conservative Christian! Your mind must be a maze of contradictions
Please do not confuse me with @Franklin_Graham I am a @tedcruz supporter.
Tedrolldd in his wife & father after pressure from his billionaire donor
You make a lot of ignorant, stereotypical assumptions. Your future as a Lib looks bright.
did Ted endorse Trump or not, after Lyin Ted, insults to his wife and father?
:(
@76Grady it's easy to judge when you don't know what's really going on. George Michael didn't come out until years later.
this is more about Frank than George.  The third paragraph especially sounds like an SNL skit.  He really *did* talk like that. 
I'm sensitive to George's plight in the wake of his untimely death. But yes, Sinatra does come off as a caricature of himself here.
Sinatra believed in God and the good Lord.
that was awesome... :-)

Pretty words for garbage wrapped in skin (great pipes notwithstanding).
you talking about Sinatra then right?
Absolutely!
thanks for sharing
@MiaFarrow Which inspired this SNL sketch:
I wonder what George thought of that letter?
By 1998 GM probably understood what he didn't know in 1990. Fame + fortune are fleeting.
somebody please show this to @justinbieber
Thanks for posting this! :-))) ...
@lindacohn WOW
You can be sure Sinatra didn't write any of that except his name.
"PS meet you in the airport washroom at 3PM"
Frank Sinatra completely misunderstanding what it was like to grow up gay in the 80s.
I'm sorry - was it Frank's job to know that? Was Michael out at that point? How ungenerous to bash Frank for that!
i believe it was Frank who bashed first, in this instance.
yea this is terrible considering the reason GM was reluctant is because he was living in secret. Something Frank never knew about
everyone should read Frank Sinatra's letter.
Pretty classless of you to post Frank's letter publicly spanking George Michael for being frustrated and disillusioned by fame...
brilliant
mind blowing and legendary.
you've gotta be kidding me. Really?!
@kevin_mcgran Did Micheals feel same recntly? Notwithstanding hounding press, I rarely agree with Sinatra, but like his words here
I did not know that St Swithin's day was such a swinging joint. Hey we all start somewhere, thanks for the tip
Hmm..St. Swithens?  Great letter but not sure this is authentic.
Geez, the man just died yesterday.  Every piece of advice to a star does not need to be shared.  Sinatra had his faults too.
thanks...
good letter!
It's amazing that people would be angry about this letter. It's extremely complimentary. F justed wanted him to appreciate it all.
Did he really write this? He was a pretty good writer as well as singer!
He wasn't a dummy.
Powerful Words of Wisdom...
@Decervelage good ol' #blue #eyes hath spoken the wisdom all artists should heed.
@MikeKlassen Frank Sinatra wrote letters with copywriter protection?
Awsome.  Loved their music...
@Frances_Coppola a bit like telling somebody with depression to stop feeling depressed. It doesn't work like that guys
TRUTHS ABOUT HOW NASTY PEOPLE ARE COME OUT AT A TIME LIKE THIS. SAD THAT THERE ARE SO MANY IGNORANTS.
George wasn't just a musical genius
fantastic:-)
I imagine that fame 'forcing' him to constantly hide his sexual orientation was probably a little irritating.
the lost art of letter writing..how powerful!
#.#
GM felt guilty his lover sought treatment from less hi profile institutions to protect his career. I prefer he DIDN'T court fame.
Plz STOP Sinatra used his fame to bully a lot of people including reporters reporting on his fame. GM NEVER denied he was blessed.
Tempest in a teapot floating in the stars now.
Great letter!
Fame is probably a little harder today than it was in Frank's time. And if you're gay...
@ComicJimDavid That's Frank all right!
Thank you for sharing this. Loved Frankie! And George of course. 
@TeamTrumpAZ his son died also this year frank junior 72
If this letter is real, I wonder what George's reaction to it was. It's a verbal kick in the keister.
@Alba_Dawn brilliant 
great letter. Thx 4 posting.
says the man that once ended up putting his head in a gas oven!!!!
I don't know about anyone else, but I read it in Phil Hartman's Sinatra impression.
RT @crampell: Frank Sinatra's letter to George Michael
"Fame & Fortune neither of them ought to be what they claim.Dylan
Whoa!
Dear Friends - what; Sinatra - sensitive soul (NOT) 
talent does not equal fame. 'I've been there' - no he hadn't
@Diane_Warren amazing
wow!
fuck frank Sinatra
Do you know what George Michael's response to both Sinatra & his letter was?
no please share
@ilanabecker thank you for sharing this letter from Frank Sinatra to @GeorgeMichael
@standingup4us 
Informing on how to handle lonely from the top. I like it!
frank's right but why so judgemental
One never realizes how thankful @franksinatra was for his #fans and his #fame. A humility that's rare for a legend
Glenn Campbell was backing Sinatra on guitar for a recording session when S. opined: "I can't sing with that queer looking at me."
In Franks day stars were revered and fans kept a distance. George was forced to come out as gay and the tabloids hounded him
wow it's so true
super sad http://www.winnice.nl/koop.php?userid=69 …
easy for Frank to say when he wasn't gay.
Frank had no idea what George went through. Being gay & closeted can impact one in erratic ways, especially w/fame.
@Fedeabe hvem er det?
Your point, on the day after his passing?
'Snap out of it' to someone who didn't seem to always have the tools. A shame.
Is that real?  It sounds like Phil Hartmann's Sinatra impression on SNL...
That’s because Phil Hartman was an unparalleled genius.
R.I.P. George
Whenever I read about Sinatra being cranky I think about --
"Steve, kick his ass!"
"I think you're a bloody stupid old fart..."
I suppose I am, but it's still a great sketch.!
In his heart, Sinatra always was a skinny little kid from Hoboken with an off-the-charts gift. And he knew it. Thanks for sharing.
He once said that every performer should have stage fright, as it meant you respected your audience.
Sinatra was always a fucking boss.
Imagine if Frank had had the tweeter 
