When did @JohnCornyn become a shitty American?
Get back to work in supporting POTUS Trump agenda. Now. Or you and others in Congress will be rejected and replaced.
how? You've obstructed EVERYTHING he's tried to do. #fucktrump
Grow up.  This isn't partisan.  Honor your oath or go home.
unlike the unprofessional #FBI he waited till election was over. And FYI there is a Congress. Learn something tool.
rather than blame Obama why dont you quit dismissing trumps corruption
well is it true or isn't it?
THIS is your focus, not how Russia colluded to steal the election for Trump? Do your job. Investigate.
Omg- shut up about Obama already! You have a full Rep govern. Let's see how you fix everything you think is SO bad. Get to work.
They have to figure out how to get their heads out of their asses first.
No John, the Congress should stop supporting the Dems lunacy about a fraudulent 2016 POTUS election
if we asked you who killed John Kennedy you'll say #obama! Obama wanted Russia to help Dump Trump! Please!! #russianhack
So what will you be doing to take action against this, Senator Cornyn?
And what has our Republican led Senate done about it but try to keep it from the American people!And now it's Obama's fault??LOL
: and what have you done about it?
Meanwhile, @JohnCornyn supports Tillerson for State, a man who stands to make millions from lifting Obama-administra-imposed sanctions.
WSJ: Rather than dismiss evidence of Russian hacking, Trump ought to point out that Obama has done nothing to make Russia pay a price for it
As OBSTRUCTION KING of President Obama, where is your proposed legislation to make Russia pay a price? HYPOCRITE
Tell Vladimir I'll have more flexibility after the election.(Hussein Obama)
What should be done, smart guy?
@JohnCornyn really?!?! You didn't even want the Pres to pick a Supreme Court justice but now he's responsible for this? Give me a break.
@JohnCornyn all due respect, as one of your constituents, do your job first and then we'll listen to who you say isn't doing theirs.
Senator you continue to expose the fact your heart is not with Texas but with DC cronies.  I am thinking time for a change
@vidalexperience @JohnCornyn #CrookedCornyn
Quit carrying the water for Democrats with lie that Russia influenced the election! Americans chose Trump & he gives us HOPE!!!
you don't actually know that. if the US launched a counter cyberattack against Russia, POTUS is unlikely to acknowledge it
Typical spineless Republican blaming Obama for everything because you don't have the GONADS to take responsibility.
typical blame Obama tweet...
I do NOT want to see Trump undermined by agreeing with the liberals that Putin helped him win! If he wanted anyone it was HC!
stop the lunacy with Republicans in Congress supporting Dems on not accepting the results of 2016 POTUS election.
@mcgilh Russian Hacking influencing the Election?  What about the Leftist MSM selling out to Hillary & not reporting fairly?
what would you suggest Obama do? Personally I would work diplomatic solutions.
spin cycle ! 1-2-3...go.
Prove it!
"Evidence"
Ask @JohnCornyn  for yourself!
Scoring political points against the outgoing president and ignoring the incoming's Russia ties. You're a real piece of work.
So now Republicans want the president to take unilateral action? Whatevs dawg.
The GOP response to this is TREASON and WE THE PEOPLE, demand electors dismiss Trump. #GOPfraud #TrumpTreason #ElectoralCollege
I'm sorry I'm from texas. And YOU do not represent ME!!!!
are you going to support investigation of these charges?
As my representative I expect you to join other GOP leaders in demanding further investigation of Russians
no because Obama is a pussy and trump won't do it because he's butt buddies with Putin
r u fighting for law and order? Will you validate the election?
so, what does the new Administration plan on doing about it? Nothing?
So you acknowledge the hacking.  Let's punish Putin by removing their puppet.
traitor
Yes, he should do that. Anything that will put more energy into finding out what really happened. 
Get to the truth.
Rather than deflect attention and wasting time on twitter, you should be working with McCain.
shouldn't you also encourage Trump to speak out against it instead of lambasting the US intelligence community?
Putin can pay the price after Trump and all his cronies do. Don't step in line when #treason is at the the front of the queue.
Did you read the part where Pres. Obama reached out to get bipartisan support and Sen. McConnell told him to stuff it.
you're a traitor! Spinning it just makes you look complicit.
by passing the buck to Obama u must believe the hacking is true. And how do u know Obama isn't / hasn't done anything?
Need conclusive proof before we use more sanctions. Probably confessional committee should have oversight since Trump in office
rather than give credence to an OP ED find proof and a real source
that's fair.  What price should Congress make them pay?  Work w/ @POTUS to make Russia pay for interfering w/ our democracy
You mean you've known about this for years and have done nothing?
All this "news" of Russian hacking: it has been going on for years.  Serious, but hardly news
Well you guys are in charge effective next month, no more Obama to blame, it's all you & ur GOPutin party #Putinspuppet
You were voted into office to get stuff done. Why don't you try to tackle the issue of Russian hacking yourself?
deflect. That's just great senator.
just as I'll be pointing out your inaction to every Texan I can find. I will remind them: you sold out to RUSSIA.
what price would they pay.  paid nothing for shooting down an airplane, invading Ukraine, Obama did nothing
Stop the partisan blaming and investigate.
Instead of pointing figures to distract please take this threat seriously and investigate for the integrity of our democracy.
@twright55 WHAT EVIDENCE? Zero credible evidence!
Ask McConnell about the meeting.
wait, i thought this wasn't 'news?' make up your mind john!
@PatrickSvitek Maybe they can also sort out why you're a RINO squish?
@PatrickSvitek lol. You think trump is going to make them pay a price?
So you're dismissive unless there's a political upside? That's my takeaway from this
why is the CIA leaking when they are only to operate overseas? FBI is domestic.  Obama knows we hack Russia too
The Republican Senate will ruin our chances of really changing! Either get onboard or out-out-the-way!
It's bec your boss Mitch promised to ruin US political system if Obama did. Mitch is totally complicit with RU hackers. Are you?
