too bad you know so much about Cuba s abuses and  u did so much to help Hillary take freedom and liberty from us Help keep us free
he also executed gays for simply being gay. So he tried to end LGBT in Cuba too.
@jimmydolittle1 amazing that so many western countries are sending politicians to pay last "respects"
I hope you are one of those that call it out when it happens here.
World class hypocrite Trump, breaks laws, first in line to benefit? Crickets!
these people bending over backwards to praise Castro are the same people who can't find 1 good thing about George Bush
but but but education
He probably had something to say about flag burning, too.
@politics_n_prep criticize govt, draw their next breath if they did..
so... you're saying Fidel was a  big inspiration to @realDonaldTrump and his advisors?
Be gay
but of course,  Fidel had access to the internet.  As has been said, "the rules don't apply to the ruling class".
did that while accumulating $900 million fortune
And yet gets praise from Geraldo and others in the media. ..?
@Dellapearl clearly why the left idolizes him.
'internet"? they have no internet. Only two cans with string.....
How many U.S. Presidents did Castro survive?  Why was he not overthrown in all that time?
..there were many failed attempts..
Add three more.  Breakfast, Lunch and Dinner.
*have internet
...smoke Cubans off-island...
- Live
Don't forget that he raised the literacy rate to the best in the Latin world, eliminated widespread disease with public healthcare
@murphymike please make sure Trump doesn't end up doing samethey all seem high on his to do list.
To live with a spouse without political permission
the hillary model, keep the masses uniformed and spiritually empty. But fed. Sounds like living on a farm.
@MeanStreetsOMA trump?
sadly it seems as though our elected President shares at least 3 of those qualities.  I hope it is just an act.
just your everything people take 4 granted here n the FREE good old USA something that people like kapernick needs to think about
@Zane_Michaels Have a private library
@ToothpasteWords
@murphymike Terrible. Cuba frozen out for 50 yrs but not China, Vietnam, Venezuela. Why? Money. Dumb policy.
travel
@FernandoAmandi Trump has already been complaining about our rights under the 1st amendment. Are we headed for the same?
@danieltobin that's not what freedom looks like y'all.
He also murdered and tortured his own people. Don't forget that one.
Things the GOP made it illegal for people created with dignity to do:  
- marry a partner they love
- freely worship
- vote
@WashTimes Hopefully Fidel is in Hell with the rest of all the past despots , where he belongs.
. @BenSasse I wish my dad, who had to flee Fidel, would have lived to see this day:
Socialism/Communism is the bloodiest ideology that has ever existed in human history:
..get an abortion, gay marriage. Sounds like republican govt overreach here.
@sparkles3020 You missed proper education, nutrition .........
@ScotsFyre the American Left hates Trump for wanting to keep ppl out. But love Castro cuz he kept his ppl in.
@ScotsFyre don't forget, leave the country for good
. @BenSasse Right now: Cuban human rights activists getting arrested. Era of terror not over. US shd stand w Cuban people not Castro regime.
when the wicked rule, the people groan. Proverbs 29:2. #PrayforCuba - for #Peace, #Freedom, #Righteousness to prevail.
have family friends who kids were threatened to be killed by Castro Gov. over hearsay of a jealous neighbor. Glad the SOB is dead
@EvelynNiessner and Trumps already proposed these things
I've not heard him speak of boats, but we're going to have real problems if he comes for mine..
Kidding aside, 
@BenSasse
This is why Castro's death is momentous for #CubanExiles. The pain still stings years ltr. #VivaCubaLibre
Illegal to own land, too. He seized my grandfather's farm at gunpoint and subsequently forced him to work there. #VivaCubaLibre
He was also the curator of real news and made sure the people didn't get fake news.
But they had a world class health and education system.
Shhh don't give Trump any ideas. ;)
that's exactly the democrat platform. Irony? I don't think so.
created?
Also, your list is bs and you clearly know nothing of what you speak of
interesting that Trump would probably do the same things. Dictators, the same
@saito_shizu also illegal to criticise the government or disagree with him or his evil brother
Sounds a bit like Thatchers template...certainly protest and assemble
No one ever went hungry, healthcare free,  education free, housing for all, endured unjust US sanction and vilification!
yes that must be the reason leftists lionize him and Che Guevara
nobody was created and god isn't real
sperm + egg and then brith, that's a type of creation too
@MeanStreetsOMA a bad man , he death is a great gain to the Cuban people.
apparently there was some kind of missile crisis connected with this incident
Sounds like a forerunner of Trump.
Remember  'One Man's Terrorist is Another Man's Freedom Fighter.
