.@KellyannePolls Trump lost in massive electoral defeat, 48.2% to 46.1% America chose Clinton to select our judges Only EC flaw got us Trump
As if this is the 1st time EC has determined winner of POTUS. EC was the key HRC knew that going in. She lost.
Yes, Trump won on a technicality; he won due to combined 88,000 votes in MI PA WI (where 300,000 were disenfranchised)
source?
Seriously? You are asking "source" on results of the 2016 Election? Try Wikipedia ROFLMAO
Mostly hate was the issue. Your boss fomented hatred at every one of his rallies. Actually he started when he was a birther.
Funny. Seems HRC had some pretty hateful filled comments about Trump supporters. #deplorables
That many of them are deplorable?  That was factual.  Trump used racism, misogyny and bigotry. Pure hate.
Deplorable is a matter of opinion and that street goes two ways. Your "side" isn't any better. JS!
Deplorable is bigotry, racism and misogyny.  Whether you believe in those or not,  you voted for it.
It's deplorable to accuse people you don't know of being racist.
Stop and read what I said.  I said that whether you feel that way or not, you voted for it.
the Clinton era should have ended long ago with WJC. HRC would have been even worse. IMHO.
.@KellyannePolls GOP appalling oligarchs, obstructing our constitution and democracy to retain power.  No longer a political party.
DEMOCRATS DON'T give a DAM about anything except them selves. They are AGAINST Those Who Serve. What the hell!
LOL - what bull shit. Dems gave you Medicare, Soc Security, and Obamacare. Dems are the party of helping @KellyannePolls
How do they then reconcile the historic obstruction that lead to these vacancies in the first place?
Trump had nothing to do with the vacancies. No need for him to reconcile anything.
The point was that KellyAnne said it was a sleeper issue in the election.  Meaning among voters not Trump.
Maybe fact Dems did away w/ filibuster when GOP wouldn't go along with what they saw as endless Cram downs?
Or when Republican Senators began requiring 60 votes for unprecedented appointments?
Just as likely Obama goes down as least effective negotiator to ever hold WH. It's why he achieved so little
It's like Obama only knows cramdowns. Like his attempt to say his exec order on Artic drilling irreversible.
Obama's preference for the pen and the phone over negotiation and compromise will be what defines him.
Please no libs!  Prolifers!
are the prolifers going to take care and pay for the unwanted children?
YES, FIND ADOPTABLE HOMES OR GOD FORBID, GOOD ORPHANAGES.
GREAT PEEPS FROM ORPH
do you know how many kids are in foster care now that have not been adopted?
exceptions for incest/rape? Why don't those fetuses matter? A life is a life, right?
All life matters. EvenMom w dementia. It's our soulsthat direct path. Kill b/c 
I CANT DO IT.
Rape, incest= yrs of counseling w abortion or delivery. Courage and selflessness.Adoption/keep
No need for abortions. Get morn after pill infirst month. Nocutting baby in pieces. C sect=6Mo
KIT CARSON DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE! $ 0.00 SALERY
http://U.S.ARMY  VETERAN
NEWTONIAN
NO POISON!
Has someone explained "the judiciary" to him in 140 characters or less?
All politics aside, get this bloated old man to a gym pronto!
BTW Great Job-Happy New Year!
Get a grip. These people voted on "build a wall" and "lock her up."
Wrong!@cabrooksva you couldn't be any more wrong. I don't care about a wall or locking "her" up. #SCOTUS 100%
agree 100% @LisaAsharris826
GO AWAY.
@LindaSuhler @washingtonpost Articles like this have liberals filled with fear and rage. Carry on.
Trump won't be able to fill them all, he won't be able to find enough billionaires
President Elect Trump, please! only strong conservatives and constitutionalist.
Thanks God it's on Trump & the Reps at Capitol!
yay, now we can ruin the country for 50 years instead of just 4! 
KAC. Give it a rest. You have no idea that you are currently the most hated woman in our country
so glad president Trump will make those appointments instead of Hillary rotten Clinton

RT !
DISGRACE!Triple Amputee Vet With No Legs: @DeptVetAffairs Won’t Replace Broken Wheelchair,Calls On Trump 2 Help! https://www.facebook.com/Brian.Kolfage.Fans/ … RT! 
It was the only issue for me.Conservation of the republic is my only concern.Allowing the libs to decide thetr fate not mine
Actually BS Voters don't have a clue & GOP Obstructionism Madelyn issue fall in Trumps lap
Dont believe anything you or trump http://say.you  spin things and twist the truth.He lies, sues,trump university..
Can't be the anti-Christ. Too many people hate him. Anti-Christ will be loved by most.
Jesus helped the poor, feed the hungry, cared for the sick, & housed the homeless! GOP aren't Christians!
Apparently u've never met any Christians. We've help less fortunate every day. Over 5500 lbs of food just this mnth.
kellyanne I am convinced that we need a senior Army reaction team exclamation
Investigate  Antichrist  Trump  and  his Party  and team for Domestic  Terrorism . To Americans .
A great opportunity to put true judges, not politician want to bees
look at his proposed cabinet. He'll appoint anyone who continues to make him and his friends billionaires.
@mdcolliM @lindayman47 @KellyannePolls Biggest threat to our democracy will be our new pres....good bye America
opinions are like belly buttons, everyone has one. Admit you lost, accept you lost, get over it. We have for the last 8 years
You lost too. It just hasn't hit you yet.
don't feel like I have lost. As a country we have survived under both parties. My future looks optimistic going forward -
Like I said, it hasn't hit you yet
we will see, sadly it seems the divide between conservatives and progressives is just too wide to ever come together.

@realDonaldTrump @KellyannePolls DT is making the swamp deeper and algae infested with slime smh
"Make sure you don't choke on your aspirations"
.  hurray!  Kellyanne any way to shame DNC to act normal
@solmartpropert1 US came close 2 going ovr the cliff but enough Americans were awake on Nov 8th 2 pull us back frm the brink
Amen Deena. On 01/20/2017 it will be Morning in America again.
Tiu Ruben, como ta? esa es una excelente noticia. Usted lo que es empezar con poder Judicial transparente!
@GoldStarMomTX55 #HappyHolidays KA


It's like Christmas and a Birthday all together
We need to pray the President will appoint good people. And pray Congress will approve them & not hold'em up
I guess it depends on whether Trump abides by the constitution,  will the judges act against him?
NO KELLY..SWING STATES USED VOTER REPRESSION.
There's a NEW sheriff in town and he plan to enforce our laws - all of them!
Lots to do for sure.
Steve Bannon said it best the middle class realized we were paying for our own destruction! We all stepped Up Like Never B4
Important fact: 74 million Americans voted for anyone but Trump. ~62 million people picked Trump.
More but we're they legal?
or alive? Lol
Sorry about all the whining going on below @KellyannePolls never forget that we have your back!
Some these little blue dots on the map should speak for the sea of red.
Exactly, that's what the elec. college is for, & it represents the popular vote already!
The electing of the electors is every bit a popular vote.
map weighted for population
those little blue dots have a LOT of people in them
All the more reason to have EC. Those "large" cities don't represent all USA
Choose judges who interpret the Constitution, not make laws.
Please drain that other swamp of activist judges...
Kellyanne, please contact me on a new plan for Social Security. Thank you. c.gantt2011@gmail.com
Thank you @KellyannePolls. With your help we're going to take America back and make it great again!!!
any word on Mr. Trump's tax audit yet? He promised he would release his taxes when audit was completed?
Not now, he's busy looking for conservative judges to appoint!!
Who the hell needs to see his taxes? He's your PRESIDENT butter cup!!! #MAGA
one judge is for Const.
but is pro choice??!
Cancel that name from list
Let working illegals go Embassy. Green cards/fine
the right woman to lead America  run for president after trumps two terms
# of vacancies due 2 your party's abdication of constitutional duty of advice & consent. Don't expect anything but fr Dems.
@realDonaldTrump   Trump is a traitor and Putin's puppet, and so are you.
LMAO! SNOWFLAKES
BOOHOO!
Great, Wonderful.

it's why you lost and will keep losing!
@FranMFarber @washingtonpost. Demonic dems know the rules and Trump won by the rules. Dems now trying to change the rules.
And benefits of Obamacare. But @realDonaldTrump is going to repeal it. W VA coal miners will suffer #Truth
the silent majority finally woke up and flexed ballot muscles!
Would be nice if he could fire the appointments O has already made. Lots of liberals in high positions
I am Phoenix VA RO Whistleblower.  Bob McDonald did great job.  Congress stopped monies moved as needed.  Vets like VA Exams
Clone @JudgeJeanine 100 times and u can fill all the Fed Judge positions correctly @realDonaldTrump
Merry Christmas @KellyannePolls
@JohnCornyn @washingtonpost Yes! And I'm so glad I won't lose my freedoms & my country, bc Trump crushed the globalists!
yada yada yada
John jay and Donald j trump judiciary act 2017-2018
USCA DCC 16-5375
Actually, your camp said it was Comey that did 'the trick'. http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/2016/11/17/fbis-decision-to-reopen-clinton-email-probe-enabled-donald-trump/ …
KA, you are so two-faced. How do you look at yourself in the mirror? @realDonaldTrump know you hated him?
Yup, me first prez vote in a general election since '92 (ok, since '00 voting for Buchanan). Judges, plus defying oligarchy.
Trumps suing publications for lies. Trump lies EVERY SINGLE DAY. Can't wait for someone to sue him.
We're about to have 60 yrs of progress unraveled by an uninterested billionaire who only wants to enrich himself and family.
.@KellyannePolls @washingtonpost you pitiful hack, people voted for trump because he wasn't clinton.
Trump has an amazing opportunity to right the US like no other pres. 
it's the kings birthday not Donald's take a break
@scotusreporter #Trump Justice

@realDonaldTrump 
This is #MEGAYUGH
:

That is great get rid of the Dems. Don't let the door hit u in the tail on the way out...
And many more needed!
- Amazing what an opportunity he has, simply because @SenateMajLdr & others refused to do their jobs.  Must be proud.
@RandyEBarnett @washingtonpost Hardly a sleeper issue. Voters are not as stupid as you and your boss think.
Thank God!  Thank you Kellyanne. Changing the course of history for God fearing Americans. Blessings abound.
You are right. They were a very important issue, which is why 2.9 million of us voted against Donny. #BigotInChief
The Supreme Court was the only issue that mattered to me in this election.
with the active court of contemporary America; that argument is completely plausible.
The appointment of Judges is just one of the issues Kellyanne recognized and assessed early on
YEA SO THE COUNTRY IS FU_KED
bahahaha
Saw u, Rachel "Mad-cow" Mad-dow show. Wondering when u r going to "call her/them out" personally rather than "they" alltime

Guess what! We the informed voters knew! It is why we turned off DISHONEST MEDIA & found the INFO OURSELVES!

Noooooooo
good bye rights, good bye America # sorrynotsorryjustdepressed
you forget to mention it was the stone walling GOP that left these openings...  You're really a smug piece of work
Ultra Liberal Activist Judges of Virginia's 4th Circuit Court are raping the ppl of #NC. We need your help!
interesting and another example of Mr. Trump's presidency coming in the nick of time b4 huge turning point!
Only "sleeper" for the Coastal Elites. Close to #1 issue for us FlyOver voters. #OriginalIntent
@CGasparino @washingtonpost So Judges will use the Law again,and not use a judgement as a 'politician' ' judgement'.Good
you are not going to convince the american people that the election wasn't rigged by the trump campaign and russia. NO NO NO
#trumplicker #kellyanneblows
much needed changes coming
finally balance !!!
is there anything that can b done 2 stop all the insane & destructive comments by the Dems? WTP are really sick of this crap
could you please stop depressing us, especially over the holidays
No it wasn't. Ur voters want jobs. Didn't even know about judges. Lying once again. #AreUForReal #WeRDoomed
@realDonaldTrump  More Post Mortems WTF !! Election is OVER! Nobody cares about sleeper issues  So Shut Up Already get a job
@realmojesse5372 @washingtonpost This is so promising! The Good Lord has watched over us; prayers have been answered!
yep. Hillary wanted to change the Constitution and she paid for that.
Trump wants to end free speech
oh, please.  That is just a sadly uninformed comment.
get over the election already! You won, now act like it.
@mercedesschlapp @washingtonpost 
Enforce #RuleOfLaw... please
STARTING WITH GAY MARRIAGE. VERY OFFENSIVE. UNBIBLICAL!!!
not everyone believes in the bible. If you don't believe in it, don't marry the same sex.
the queen of after-the-fact QBing. Sure thing; you were the master of all things. Ok
@PhilipRucker @washingtonpost Sounds like you're proud that our country & courts will be run by racists,fascists,and crooks.
Cruz for Supreme Court Justice we would never have to worry if the constitution is in danger #TedCruz

haha republican congressional dysfunction. How bout nobama dysfunction?
it really came down to racist white people really like trump
Keep Smoking that "CRACK" Kelly Anne! U'R so delusional the only job U get is keeping "BOBO" on his leash!
Are we still bragging about this? Move on already
Have so much respect for you and your family Kellyanne.2017 is a blessing.Trump.
hopefully your mentally ill President elect will be impeached as soon as he takes the oath of office
Funny how @KellyannePolls tries to read the tea leaves presented by @washingtonpost article. She likes to ignore Comey and Putin impact.
instead of pardoning drug dealers and drug offenders and releasing them, let's prosecute and lock them up!
Letting him pick judges scares the absolute shit out of me. He's a psychopath.
Timing is everything!
Thanks again Kelly Anne
This will be a true test of conservatism and constitutionalism for @realDonaldTrump watch closely America

A major reason I voted Trump! #MAGA
Remember to "Walk Softly and Carry a BIG STICK."
trump supporters are too stupid to know any of this, Cruella
To the interested, The Aquarian Age of (ETHICS) will really just begin on January 1st, 2017... Good timing @realDonaldTrump
merry xmas ka
The majority of your base could barely remember "lock'er up!" You are an endless fountain of ridiculous BS. #QUISLING #LIAR
I believe that this was the most important thing about this election. Dummycrats were poised for a coup.
Bill Clinton, in Arkansas, learned if you control the media and courts, you have it all; he did. We must turn liberal courts
NO, Putin hacking & Comey fake "new Emails" rigged the EC. #NotMyKing #NotMyPresident
There were many meetings in halls outside the Catholic church buldings proper to explain the moral decision

@LouDobbs @SheriffClarke .@realDonaldTrump needs to fire ALL fed prosecutors ala Clinton in 1993! Bring back law and order!
Can I come to your office; Debby and I and go to the nauguration'?
#WashingtonComPOST is more like it! Look at all your biased non-factual BS! #FakeNews
THAT'S GREAT! CAN ONE OF THESE JUDGES INVESTIGATE SOCIAL SECURITY IN ROSEVILLE CA. THEY TAKE OUR SSI AND GIVE IT TO ILLEGALS
Thank God
GOD YOU AND YOUR BOSS ARE UGLY 
How lucky American is that Hillary was defeated.  I truly believe God was looking out for our country.
@lisam02184 @washingtonpost reshape the court making liberalism/feminism punishable by DEATH
That seems  concerning for someone so lacking in understanding the Constitution.
how deep is your boomb shelter Kelly?
thank God Trump won!
God wouldn't do this to us
Thank God!  #DTS #MAGA
You need to Fast Track House & Senate for Tax cuts for all & made simple, bring businesses back to USA
This is very good news for America!
Welcome to Trump's advisory team. #racist #trumplickers #antichristinchief #kellyanneblows #banishbannon
she just lies with a straight face about everything. Plus hard to listen to that voice, or look at her lying face.
@LindaSuhler @washingtonpost your insights and strategies are brilliant!!
@debrajsaunders remember @realDonaldTrump lost by almost 3,000,000 popular votes! NOT a landslide!! NOT a mandate!!!
...doe's your husband know that you're being "groped" daily Cruella?
Kellyanne=official WH babysitter=PUTIN'S PUPPETS' PUPPET! A disgrace to women and mothers around the world!
forget sharia law, its Christian law time....let's start with stoning adulterers. Who's with me?
@scotusreporter this from the person who attacked DT when she worked for Cruz. Hypocrite.
@realDonaldTrump 
Kellyanne, are you saying that I get to sleep with judges? Do you know any hot ones?
By "hot ones," I mean NO FATTIES! Also, please don't send me naked pictures of my sister!
Naked pictures of Ivanka are fine, but not relevant, because I haven't appointed her to be a judge yet!
Stolen SCOTUS seat. Partisan bullshit - GOP put partisan ideology ahead of constitution.
what a shame! More of the same dimwits of the 80's! You do realize that it is 2016?
What plans are in place to make sure Obama does not recess appoint SC Justice?
Only If he is not impeached or forced to resign for corruption charges/pre Alzheimer's which he displays
Absolutely so!!!! Conservative, Prolife appointments. That Trump&Pence were against 3rd tri-abortions great
