There have been two terrorist attacks today, and an ambassador assassinated on TV and you choose to tweet about this shit?
What is the sitting potus doing about all this?
I fail to see what that has to do with Sean focusing on petty partisan politics over country.
The current administration is currently responsible for current events.
Which, again, has nothing to do with how Sean chose to respond to them.
He is addressing the news about the usa electoral elxn results. You are upset he did that based on other events

Y?
He is not part of the current govt YET. His post appropriate.
And he is part of the government. He's currently with the RNC. He owes America more than that.
No matter the results, your guy is the incompetent buffoon that's already staining U.S. history before even being sworn in.
your gal is more of the same and a huge fucking liar, glad we have non-politician in charge now
seriously?! Aleppo, Berlin and Turkey statements instead of childish rant
jesus fucking christ Colleen, you ever heard of multi-tasking? Seriously wasting ur time on rant?
Whoa, Todd! Take a moment. You need a safe space?
you should be following Aleppo, Berlin and Turkey statements, not my tweet
will do!
now, stay there
You seem really intelligent.  Better not verbally joust with you.
You think you are pretty witty don't you? Next 4 yrs are gonna be very satisfying
now the talk is impeach Trump. Geez, they may never get it. Hope they do someday
Trumpsters have been losers their whole life. Trump wins and they think they have finally won something. Nope, still losers!!
Exactly they think they are going to get something personally from this insanity. They will, its called poverty.
Allow me to refresh your memory on what your boss really thinks about the arcaiq Electoral College...
You are certainly doing your part to keep GOP classless, clueless & craven, & to keep America divided. Please be a better pro.
you guys are really doing your part to unite America. Great messaging. Keep it up. 
. You do realize you will be handcuffed to trump throughout history. Shackled to stupidity. Have fun
Trump knows his supporters are cranial flatliners, he needed these tools. Now watch him ignore them.
Keep taunting Dems, Sean. Cost will greater than you can imagine. http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2016/10/17/trump-sees-financial-costs-of-alienating-lobbyists/ … @HillaryClinton
leave hrc alone thug
D-bag! Bigger things happening in the news 2day. Shame on u 4 going so low. Sad, but not unexpected. "deplorable" comes 2 mind.
Absolutely.  Education trumps redneck ignorance #getyourshittogether #stopsellingmydemocracy
TR would call out gop gutter snipe types, later, more famous than anyone living gutter snipe...later
Grow up and be gracious.
Such a pitiful tweet from someone who is in your supposed position. Think you're going to see people unite. 
@asmMelendez statements like this show you are really anxious to bring Americans together.  Grow up, there's bigger issues.
Democrats are their own worst enemies-it's really almost pathological-they have degrees, too

we get it you won, move on, go educate our incompetent PEOTUS on how to govern and attend Intel briefs
You have no soul, Sean.
you are simple minded fool who makes up facts to fit your narrative.
, thus, she lost thrice in one election!
You know, all this winning is unpresidented
1st sean spicer has integrity.  then he joins team DT where integrity goes to die  ... now he lost his integrity
so pathetically 3rd grade rhetoric - at least pretend to understand you're supposed to be an adult.
America voted against Trump. You are an example of why. Divisive rhetoric after we've been attacked by Russia? Accept reality.
You are a petty and pathetic man.  History will tie you to this administration.
We certainly will. Everyday. Gladly:).
I suppose everyone on your side is a bunch of angels. 
It's going to be fun watching the press make Sean Spicer look like the idiot that he is.
Remember: a majority of those who voted did not vote for your guy. Impeachment is coming & more GOP disgrace. Excited!
Wow. You're a petulant infant just like Trump. No class.
His failures will not exclude you. You know that, right? Hope you're building a bomb shelter. Gonna need it.
Forget Hillary. Practice saying 'bbbbbbut Obama'. You'll be saying it right up to the day your guy gets impeached by own party.
really?! this is how it's gonna be with this crew?! Somewhere between a frat house for lost, spoiled boys and a clown car?!
And this, ladies and gentleman, is how you shine them on! GREAT! And what a great day! #MAGA
this tweet sounds like you are auditioning for a job
how petty! Taking high road never a possibility for you Trump people. Small and petty. Enjoy yourselves!
We will never stop. We will watch 24/7/365 until impeachment.  We WILL win in the end. You men are stupid. @HillaryClinton
@JohnCornyn You've put your faith in someone who can't be trusted. I look forward to seeing how that works out for you.
Wow, you're as big a baby as your boss. Don't get too big tho, authoritarians hate being shown up!
@JohnCornyn So confident that 
PEOTUS is in the clear? I think the stuff is just beginning to hit the fan.
.@seanspicer @HillaryClinton Have to keep up the fight.  Dems will try something EVERY. SINGLE. DAY.  Keep pushing back & #MAGA
We will keep it up! We will not let up ever! Don the con may be president but he will never be our president!
Mr. Spicer, please don't be small. Be a bigger person. You have much to focus on besides the Democrats.
#DonaldTrump is Putin's puppet 
#ResistTrump
#NotMyPresident
@Reince @KellyannePolls
I love to see radical whimps like you speak crap. Real soon you will walk away with your tail between your legs.
GDIAF

I'm sure the world is sending a clear message to this Buffon now can he handle it without going nuts on twitter @HillaryClinton
please go read up on your new job so you don't embarrass us anymore
Talk about holding an grudge! Get some professionalism pronto! As future Press Secretary you have other things to focus on.
Sean tell us about your hacked server... Oh you don't have to, WikiLeaks will tell us soon enough
there an old saying when you score a touchdown.. "Act like you've been there before" arrogant yes man
And, I wonder how much more of your donors money these efforts have cost?
Great way to get those opposed to Trump on board. Uniting? I don't think so! #notmypresident #sinverguenza
Gald you support right wing fringe leader, with early on-set dementia. Treasonous activity of Trump brings him down by 2nd year
Is this tweet helping us all come together..or is it more divisive?
Try to focus you clown. My little pony indeed!
Hey Hillary, recount this!
you have nothing better to do? Focus on your job.
FOCUS!!!! It's not about this crap for you anymore. Just do your job and act like a professional. If you can.
do you want a bozo badge or a chest to pin it on instead of repeating yourself about win why don't you look at world events
@DebAlwaystrump @HillaryClinton Bye  short circuit soon!

@Nomadjl Trump only lost two electoral votes. @HillaryClinton lost four, lol
1. Stop spreading fake stuff! 2. Your boss will be impeached sooner than later...you know that, don't you!?
you might want to pay attention to what's happening around the world!
You and Donny are the type of men that mature to age 16 , then stop. 
SAD!
Boooooo, at 16 they start going backwards....they're at grade school level now.
.Avenues closing, not much more that can be done. PLEASE Hillary.. just go away, GO AWAY!!
WHEN ARE YOU GONNA START. Your Russian buddies assassinated, Terror in Germany, and u're talking about Clinton?
responsible people recognize the loss and look forward to a mature POTUS AND STAFF, addressing world issues (1)
enjoy these last moments of your victory dance friend. Serious matters will soon require your attention
Who are you threatening and what is your threat big man?
People have literally died in attacks today. Quit being a sore winner and get to work FFS. @HillaryClinton
Maybe you should  be worrying about Turkey and Germany. Iknow it bothers you also that Hillary won  popular vote
Can't wait for the impeachment hearings to start!
only knows how to lose.  It's what she does best.
Democrats still have more House and Senate seats to lose, target 2018, list Democrats who supported failed coup.
@LindaSuhler @HillaryClinton 

Apparently Dems are not tired of losing yet
Get a life Sean! Move on!
you are a foul person and doing real damage to your country.
At least we try to protect the country. Your disaster (and the nation's) begins on Jan 20. Surely you know this.
Spicer ur just a blow http://hard.how  does he taste?TRUMP TRAMP.NEVER OUR PRESIDENT
hey Sean, FYI, doing the opposite didn't work for George Costanza & it won't wk for Trump
What a graceless comment.
In the end, we'll look a lot better than you. So you keep it up.
Sean, you get very wound up during TV interviews. You get spittle on the corners of your mouth.
.@seanspicer Great way 2 placate the supporters of the person who really won the election -- that would be @HillaryClinton. Can' u behave?
Trump lost two himself...facts matter.
@Collette_AZ @HillaryClinton Trump is 3-0.
Ahem 
https://thinkprogress.org/under-political-pressure-kuwait-cancels-major-event-at-four-seasons-switches-to-trumps-d-c-1f204315d513#.f5hfpfyhw …

Trump's favorability is the worst in the NBC/WSJ poll's history for a president-elect. 
http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4040272/Donald-Trump-throwing-fundraiser-sons-donors-shooting-Donald-s-sons.html …

Hey great start as press secretary! Horrible things happened today and you are worried about Hillary?
Are you really incapable of grace? It's pathetic.
Grow up. You and your boss are the sorest winners.
Well said Sean. Donny won while losing by more popular votes in history. Voters must love him "Big League".
Really Sean. Grow up!
do you not think or look at world news before you tweet? Oh I forgot you work for Trump so you don't.
you won, but not a landslide win by any stretch, so you should work to bring us in, not gloat. What a crass classless crew u r.
To support Trump’s Racism, Bigotry, and Election is aiding and abetting the very ills that have plagued America!
Good point Sean. Clearly time for you to move on. No need to spike the ball now or waste ink on the Dems. Run the country.
We will because good will always win over evil!
Funny thing about BS is that it works until you start handing it out to your own base. Your time on top is short
what's the matter w/u people? Uniting much? Have to deal w/this for 4 yrs? SMH. Classless
Will you grow up? I swear yall are some childish M.F's. You won! Enjoy it. Quit acting a G damn FOOL!
50% of our people voted, of the DJT got about 25% BIG WINNER
Russia is now running America .I sure your proud to a puppet of Putin
I can see the professionalism in your tweets. NOT!! America is doomed.  Not my president!!!!!
You're a hack! Put your big boy pants on and be a professional!
This is the Effect of Trump's Affect on America!  He as well as you should be ashamed!
Grow up !!!
Impeachment is coming!!
thoughts and prayers blah blah blah Germany
spicer trump is not for real and u monsters are not credible only HRC a real lady had more votes pal
How very mature of U! You R backing the wrong guy. U know the petty vindictive one. Your stripes R showing Sean
The @realDonaldTrump Circus.
Way to unite the country.... not.
Is everyone on @realDonaldTrump's cabinet unqualified and immature? Such an embarrassment to our great nation.
best Christmas ever!
. Like many Trump tweets, so immature. And 2 tweet this knowing abt Russia, wow. GOP literally has no shame.
when he burns us to the ground who will be saying keep it up. Ur a Putin praiser
boy oh boy.. I love this country.. she likes losing 
you are such a man-child. You and your boss are clearly not concentrating on anything that matters today.
don't you have work to be doing?
our courage will never fade
How's about taking the lead in your party to show graciousness, professionalism  and an attemp to unify.
@LindaSuhler @seanspicer @HillaryClinton - Got more losses than the Detroit Lions
They must like the feeling of losing, only thing that can explain why they keep asking for more of it.
Smart Sean, you might want to focus on the most recent terror attack..........
you are like a child Grow up
You're a joke. What day of the week does Putin get to play with you?
Grow up
. Grow up!..
It's what happens when 1 side gerrymanders, cheats & operates w/out morality.
What the hell is wrong with all of you?  You are all just petulant spoiled children.  No class or decency.
OUCH! Did the Russians turn the Dem  Defectors too?
@WAGOP @HillaryClinton anything to keep from letting the assholes take over.
You have been granted a gift. No need to manufacture war or terror to unify/legitimize your illegitimate puppet gov't. Use it!
Way to keep it professional.
don't forget the riots and petitions! This has been a great laugh
Your side won - time 2 lead the nation
#TrumpTrain #MAGA
can't believe we have to look at this f**k face for the next 4 years. He'll get bored & quit.
.@seanspicer Just like your boss, proving that money can't buy class.
@LindaSuhler @HillaryClinton it's Christmas come early!! LOL 
Other thing now proven absolutely 'faithless' in 2016? The MSM.
not "attempt"
they are not "the left."

trump sux but this pic is rad.  But he is a 5 time draft dodging coward (and can't grow a beard)
Next: begin impeachment proceedings before Trump is even inaugurated!
America, the Beautiful!  LOL!
Hey buddy...I mean Sir.
Any plans on tearing @wolfblitzer a new asshole any time soon?
The last one was EPIC!!
we will. Let's revisit in four years, or less, after the mass of indictments on ur admin, my good man.
8*
months?
2 terms since you didn't understand
have a plan to kill everyone you meet? Gross. Get a handle on it, sir. 
It's a quote by Mad Dog Mattis the new Sec. of Defense. ISIS will be turned to glass. Have a nice evening
u might consider offering some context to it then?

