boy am I going to miss you! Good news is, some people will find out just how great a President you are!
I can't wait to shit on his grave
maybe they Will on your
I am armed with bacon
Good for you
you're a fake account with stolen pictures. Who cares what you think?
im sorry but i bet your tears taste better then hers *licks your face repetedly* mmmmmmmmmmmm.
watch out bro, I have a sneaking suspicion that @MagicRoyalty is really just some 400 lb dude from jersey.
Chris Christy? I knew it!
...or a Russian anon, we have no way of knowing! 
trumpbots, the entire election spreading fake shit and they just eat it all up 
I'm going to miss you so much.   Thank you for your service to this already great country.   We love you!!!!

what does this have to do with what I said?  Absolutely nothing
it shows what idiots you all are worshiping this Muslim thst has damaged our country
and yes I made a typo, so what
relax lady You're going to have an aneurysm, Obama is one of the best presidents we've ever had Come see me in 4 yrs we can talk
Nah, Jen, I have better things to do, we're going to be busy making America Great again, want to join us?
Thank you for improving our corrections system. Draconian sentences for possession of small quantities of any drug is counterproductive. It increases drug use; increases homelessness; all kinds of crime - Dumb, really dumb! Got to be a better way!

i.e., more incompetent.
Commute Brian Patton!!!
They became MP, madame President, I love you obama.
Commute Brian Patton
How can I help in
You and your family served with such CLASS!!!!! LOVE Y'all. Praying for God's best for you and your family.

Evidently the judges in the 9th District did not get the message!

@BarackObama @MichelleObama @60Minutes @washingtonpost @NYGovCuomo @mcuban @VanJones68 
@WendyWilliams @ABCWorldNews @ariannahuff @HuffPost
You mean the justice for Black Lives matter bill? Cause you never were white Americas President
huge supporter $, time, advocacy yet so disappointed in approach of fixing the hacking for next time. Fix it this time, now #notover
I'm really going to miss the dignity you & others before you have given to this office. 

Now a twitter troll is taking over. 

@POTUS
I so agree.  Going to be in tears.
لا نسئ الاشخاص الدي اردهم الشعب
I so appreciate your service. You have given many people the ability to hold their heads high and be proud of being Black.

end war on drugs.
WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO ABOUT GETTING THE DRONE BACK OR ARE YOU TOO BUSY POLISHING YOUR GOLF BALLS FOR YOUR VACAY,
You're confusing him with George Bush
the Libyans.
Hello, I would like a presidential pardon and a ride out of California for the better of the one world nation. Thanks Brother
Commute Brian Patton.

Just go to Hawaii, stay there. You're no longer needed or wanted.
one word  caps lock ignorance  you have the makings of a great thinker
you keep waiting for that automated steel job to come back, let me know how that goes.
we all lost you just haven't realised it yet. P.s. caps lock doesn't make your words have any more meaning
sorry my stupid filter is just fucking your messages all types of up.
thank you Mr.  President for signing that.  We need help also with people who have mental health issues and need care not prison
cram as much good shit into your last couple weeks as you can
and proud of you and your gracious family. You will be missed.
I am watching your movie "Barry" as I write this. So far so good. Bout a half hour in.
you should zip it & pack
that's a good Metallica album
I'm gonna miss you.
justice is impossible while unjust drug war rages. your legacy is superficial pubilicity stunts #EndTheDrugWar #Liberty #LegalizeIt
The usual stupid sound bites from stupid people. Try coming up with your own thoughts about @POTUS presidency 
u mean Metallica's Album right?
@EdwardCannon I'm sure it won't be justice for all!
Cool name for a bill! @Metallica \m/
we got to sign a bill for equal justice??
Very proud you were our Pres last 8 yrs
good press cof today. Our American  values has been lost by many. Psychological warfare has been played greatly on American people.
Thank Sir

this wonderful man is absolutely #NoLameDuck
Wish it would last, but your successor with trash it. Will miss you @KeithOlbermann @DavidCornDC @anamariecox @chrislhayes @Lawrence
thank you President Obama! I will miss you!
I'm going to miss you! You're the best. I wish u could do another 8 years
Thank you for being a wonderful President!!! Merry Christmas and Happy New Years @POTUS  and @FLOTUS
I love you Mr. President.
Mr.President Please #FreeOscarLopez   he need go home 
Morning  Sir'
Arrived  here  4:00 am  n
today  is  rehearsal'''
9:07  am
Me love you!
 Me sad, but me know you and your family need rest,
 Thank you for all that you have done!
  (tears of joy and sadness)
translation: another orwellian legislation title disguising expansion of unjust tyrannical bureaucracy #EndTheDrugWar #LegalizeIt
@WhiteHouse 
#Thank u Mr president, for keeping the Disabled, and senior citizens on your Agenda.
I do not agree with you on all, things, but holy crap, the next POTUS is going to suck serious lollipops.
Fair? Releasing Terrorists from GITMO? Reducing Hard Criminals Prison times, fair? Charged in a court of law, that was fair enough
om telolet om
hi sir did you sign off on my military upgrade please and thank you reward funds I appreciate you
WHERE WAS THE JUSTICE FOR LEONARD PELTIER?  " YES WE CAN," MAN
Obama  good god got the feeling  as you "quote "no-no "bye bye " . Okay still can call our Granny Imogene Reed 5107697139 phone broke
I can't wait til @realDonaldTrump takes over this Twitter account.
Is that before or after he deports you?
Justice for all exempting myself and Hillary of course
too late, Sir. After Jan. 20th there will be no justice.
after Jan 20th criminal justice system will morph into a domestic military designed to control the masses for the dictator
CRAP
What about Hillary? The justice system isn't fair to all!
I hope you sign into law that you and Hillary broke every law during your years a president. Blackberries are not a secure source .
Be proud of whatever u want jus leav ppl of mideast alon havent we paid enough by our lives&oil?U freez my money but fund terrorists?
xoxoxoxo. Thank you!
Thank you for trying to interfere in the democratic process of the UK EU Referendum. Back of the queue. Really?
Donald Trump should be arrested for TREASON.
Thank you Mr President for your dignity and grace, you have made us proud.

now maybe you will fix Chicago, okay?
Thank you, Mr.President, no matter what anyone says about you you'll always be the best in my book Take care and may god be with you
Absolutely Brilliant.
What you havent apologized to china for stealing our drone yet. You have made america look weak to the rest of the world. Vets4trump
it is very sad to know that you can even not sue a big company
omg mr president,  I love you!!!
Only time will tell the rest of the story
Trump has 17.5 mill followers.
does this mean that black rioters and looters will now be held accountable? Or wait that can't happen cause they coulda been you son
still time for you to free Oscar López from jail.  I hope you have the will to do it.
Does the bill provide for a revolving door?  After all, states spent millions prosecuting thugs that you turn loose years early!  Bye
I am Proud of You & ALL the GOOD work you've done these last 8 yrs! Thank you for encouraging We The People! LoveMichelle2
A massive government grant program that bloats the budget and sets the fascist hooks of the Fed deeper into TheStates
@AbbyWixon
oh you mean so your criminals can get away with the heinous things they are doing? Right. We know what you mean.
#justiceforall. Typical BS. This is just a funding bill giving away more federal dollars. Like giving Iran $400M wasn't waste enough
Noch 11 Tage Amtszeit. Denken Sie nicht nur an @Guantanamo begnadigen Sie bitte @Edward_Snowden, @Julian_Assange und @Chelsea_Manning
yes your imaginary global warming ideas have all but ruined our economy, but we have faith that POTUS TRUMP will undo your dirty deed
Hopefully President Trump can break those bands that ties our economy and we can move forward with drilling and progress for jobs
A vote from Lindsay Graham, John McCain is hardly bipartisan #FakeLegacy
I want Barry Micheal Robinson & two loaner imposter daughters alias  Obama's that holding up our White House robbing tax payers money
It is time to pardon the Menendez brothers.  They have served more than enough time for their actions. Where is the justice for them?
@WhiteHouse  I'm a trump supporter, even though i'll remain unemployed, return the illegals where they came from please, – at Catholic Charities Legal Services

They're coming for you and your family Barry. Clank clank. Mr president BULLWINKLE! you try some shit and they are gonna put u under
Thank you Mr. Obama.
hai

It's about time they did http://that.Now  maybe nobody is above the http://law.Lol 
since I know what fair means to a liberal Looney, I can't believe anything good or fair will come out of this bill.
Trump busy making deals while Obama busy making putts
@BarackObama
பயங்கரவாத இயக்க பட்டியலில் இருந்து விடுதலைப் புலிகள் இயக்கத்தை நீக்கவேண்டும்.
@StateDept should do
:@realDonaldTrump
NJ is so corrupt! Youth facilities,guards abusive,no home training!Fact!JS, state troopers down rt35 Asbury Park Wild West,shooting
proud to have you serve as our president for the past 8 years.
Conomos Daughter Abused, battrd Hm SmGirl?Broadcasters ExtraBdrm?!RespitgasStrghtjacket!!!
Thank You, Mr. President for giving us 8yrs of Greatness! We Love You!!
there is NOTHING U have done or will do that is fair. U are the most divisive & one-sided president America unfortunately has had. 
Yeah man I loved that Ace Attorney game it has my favorite case of the series
We love you, but in that press conference you sound soft we need you strong defending our democracy.

Can't wait for these nutjobs to realize what a great President they have taken for granted. You will be missed @POTUS
lol  I love Russia !! You aren't going to do a thing. CIA have no proof of anything. Propaganda and lies!
willy we are miss you intellectual
Trump the Relative Closer to H-1B and EB-5 than Trump the Investor
you want fair and smart? Stop sending nonviolent offenders to ridiculous sentences in private prisons. And stop prisoner quotas.
There Were ‘Cases of Guards Ripping Out Dreadlocks’
gary come home
Sadly, "stop & frisk the PoC" is coming back soon.
you are my president and my only president that I have ever voted for. Please dear God make that orange ass hat rapecist go away
Obama, still trying to be significant, stay out of it, it is to late, you are a failed President.


Thank you for press conference. Said to mom>"They ask 5queries at once!" &right then you said "Maybe I'm getting older" It's not you!
Ya sure. 
they will kill it when trump moves in!
where r you?!!!
Great. More violent blacks on the street to join the racist BLM & shoot cops. More "progress"? Now comes the LAW & ORDER Pres! 
yes!
@sweetteatime55
do you have any idea the suffering you've cause? for what? to satisfy the greed of your plutocrat masters? @POTUS
"Aleppo is a place where the children have stopped crying." Scenes of sheer terror and grief in the last hospital in the last days of Aleppo 
I see, so both parties can make money.  Prison shares, judges, governors- same shit different pastures.

'All for one and one for all,'
Dumas
it's easy to be a romantic when it's your heritage,
in your blood, but
we can all be
romantics
Sure, just ingore all the black lives terrorist that ambush cops. Highest cop kill rate yet. Where is their justice?
Thank you President Obama #JusticeForAll 
What difference does it make? Cheeto Hitler is going to undo everything you've tried to accomplish during your term.
LOL
Please Amnesty for Children (DACA)
@maura_healey @ACLU_Mass Now this is bullshit in MA. AG HEALEY  NEEDS TO GO SHE ONLY TAKES CARE OF HER OWN PERSONAL NEEDS NOT VICTIMS
Here are more of your children and some more of your BRAND OF JUSTICE! your perfect world aren't you PROUD?http://www.staradvertiser.com/2016/10/12/breaking-news/4-arrested-in-attack-on-teen-who-said-blue-lives-matter/ …
I love you, Mr. President!!
We ALL people of Earth should have all-round global diplomacy. Russia can be a GR8 friend 2 USA just NOT w/ #putin @ the helm. #news
观海同志，你什么时候回国
Obama, the food stamp president.
you and the rest of the left should hang your heads. And teach your wife some class. This country will finally have hope on 1/20/2017
Obama sir plz you be the president of America I M unable to digest Trump as the president of America ur the true leader
@MortonCountySD @BismarckPolice
God bless Michelle, the girls, and you!!!  Your family has blessed our nation with unparalleled dignity, integrity,&intelligence.
