u can do something about it Mr Senator.instead writing major cuts into law, leaving more ppl uninsured in order to give tax cuts to wealthy.
ACA is better than what came before. If would be even better if GOP govs hadn't refused Medicaid expansion out of spite & ideology.
The solution to ACA's problems is not a tax cut bill aka AHCA that removes coverage from millions & hikes premiums for most vulnerable.
Congress should improve ACA not sabotage it so they can say it doesn't work. We see what's going on.
try expansion in your state. fool.
How about my son who has coverage because of ACA? I vote too and so does he.
How can lying Republicans pretend that the 'health care' bill they're pushing thru sight unseen, isn't a tax cut bill for the wealthy/corpr?
how can detractors attack Obamacare for not doing enough then have no plan for replacing it outside of taking more peoples ins?
plans in the works & have been...no one will be left w/o ins. Hope it's been than my increases n last years w OC.
How can you live with yourself for putting party above country?  ACA not perfect but fixable. AHCA a disaster & u know it.
Where is Trumpcare? Promised insurance for everyone to be immediate, simultaneous:Lost in Chaos.
Well, let's see. 1. The correct figure is more like 27-28 million at the moment, depending on your source, not 30 million.
Obamacare ramped up costs too much as it is.  Adding 30 million more would only realize the fullest potential of its failure.
rate of increases is down. get some facts.
Wrong. Is that why so many insurers are exiting the market?  Increased costs have outpaced previous trends. It's a failure.
someone doesn't know how cause and effect works...
Has the VA taught us noting about how government cares for our HEROES- what will they do to disposable civilians? @NancyPelosi
.@JohnCornyn and what did you do to undermine it?
it would help if states like Texas expanded Medicaid.
hey buddy @JohnCornyn http://www.houstonchronicle.com/business/medical/article/Texas-Arkansas-take-opposite-directions-insuring-10788392.php?t=9ced758fe8438d9cbb&cmpid=twitter-premium …
can you think of another piece of legislation responsible for insuring over 17 million people not previously insured?
What you don't realize is they are insured because they were bullied into it, not because they want it.
i.e.: they'll eventually use public emergency rooms as their insurance, at huge public cost
People do not get this. A hand up with insurance is far better than waiting until extreme 4 ER
yeah, or "oh, if anything ever happens I'll just ruin my entire community financially w/ a GoFundMe!"
@NancyPelosi #Obamacare was designed to fail. He wanted a single - payer system. Government-run anything is money in your pocket
And YOUR plan after all these YEARS is to what exactly? Repeal & make sure even more people are uninsured.
if you do away with @obamacare, do you allow the 20MM insured to join your 30MM uninsured? Is that your thing - all or nothing?
Doing away with Obamacare does not take away your insurance. It merely takes away Obamacare regulations.
actually, one thing obamacare does is force ins cos to stop denying coverage based on pre-existing conditions.
Republicans have already said they will continue to enforce that. It's a nonissue.
Well I for one believe it is fake.
What have you done?
Calling someone else a loser does not make you a winner
whose fault is that? Go blame states for refusing Medicaid expansion. The plan & money was there.
Neither the states nor the federal govt should be involved. We're not a socialist country.
nor are you a Christian one.
what would Jesus do? Let them die?
show me a Bible telling where a poor or one in need was abandoned by Yehuwshua.
Income can be a poor indicator of who does our does not need help.
I never mentioned any money. I said poor and those in need. You keep repeating money
It's all about money. I'm being forced to spend my money to pay other people's bills
no one is setting out the facts about the failure of #Obamacare to the people. It was designed to fail - he wanted single payer!
(4) @johncornyn Message from the future: After you repeal ObamaCare, every time a Person files medical bankruptcy...
THEY WILL BLAME YOU.
Hey John: Was the 55 million pre-ACA better? And like you care about the uninsured. Uh-huh.
Mr. Gaba has provided you an education in a very concise manner. You should be ashamed of your ignorance on the subject and thank him.
More than one million of those 30M are because your state refused to participate.
It's 20+ million more insured than anything the GOP has developed. If ACA is a failure, the AHCA fails by 23 million more
So you want to pass a Medicare for all plan and get 100% coverage overnight? Or do you have a plan to cover more than the ACA?
No Medicare for all! What needs to happen is gouging regulations against medical industry. Need published rates.
And that will increase insurance coverage how?
So let's repeal it and leave 60M uninsured! Has the intern that typed this been reassigned yet?
Are y'all complete idiots? Repealing Obamacare doesn't suddenly leave you without insurance. That's between you&ins co.
How many were uninsured before Obama Care? That's why it's been more successful than the thing it replaced.
So you'll oppose ANY changes or replacement that results in fewered insured?  Good to know! We'll hold you to it.
http://thefederalist.com/2016/12/08/john-cornyn-illustrates-republicans-obamacare-problem-one-tweet/ …
Were you looking at a glass half empty instead of half full?
@Chris11962 
Libtard ideology No Less Dysfunctional than B4
Dysfunctional certainly is the word for it.
200PLUS
if Republicans would have helped to make ACA instead of saying NO to everything maybe it could have been better.
I'm sure the 20 million, including many of my friends and familly, who are now insured think it's a success. Give up your HC
Do you have a plan to provide coverage for the 30 million? Do you have a plan to prepare a plan?
This is hilarious. Where are you? Oh yeah. You've been dismantled-repeatedly.
Did you see that totally naive thing Jesus said about caring for the sick?  Matthew 25:35-45. LOL!! What a libtard.
@SpeakerRyan 
How can conservatives tout success when they'd rather 70 million uninsured vs 30 million uninsured?
Thinning Herds
Because it INSURED 40m that YOUR $$$$insurance companies WOULDNT! Reps like you NEVER DID ANYTHINGto help people!
, that's some Texas-sized portion of chutzpah and crocodile tears you got there. http://www.ontheissues.org/Senate/John_Cornyn.htm#Health_Care …
Read @charles_gaba's response to you, @JohnCornyn, you willfully ignorant threat to America.
What is your plan for affordable universal health care? TX has hi-est rate maternal death in US. Rates = to poor nations. BAD!!!
my premiums are triple what they were just a few yrs ago.  Not affordable!
Please look over the numbers again with someone who can explain them accurately. False info is still false info. Ppl need this
Along with everything else Republicans are really bad at math.
Are you really that ignorant or are you just playing stupid to fit in with the other Republicraps? (or maybe both!)
you really got demolished by the truth on this one, didn't you? rhetoric is not good for the soul.
Jesus wept, man. In what world is 30 million uninsured a worse outcome than 50 million uninsured?
It's certainly a success to the 22 million of us who now have insurance.
Allow TX to expand Medicaid and reduce that by 684k, add in the other 18 states that opted out and reduce the number by 2.6 mil
You and your Republican friends blocked provisions that would have covered more people! Texas refused Medicaid expansion for ex.
Cool! Universal coverage, then? 
Do it! Works for every other developed nation.
in part, States had responsibility to expand Medicaid & some refused to. Uninsured will grow when ACA & Medicare changed by Rs.
Educate yourself. Start by reading @charles_gaba replies..There are some important facts you need to learn.
there is a hot drink of antifreeze with your name on it
Take away insurance of 20mm under ACA 4 a system 50mm can't afford? Idiotic! GOP left 30mm uninsured w/ no Medicaid expansion!
So in short: Republicans are trash and regress the US instead of progressing or improving it :)
Because the @GOP is trash and obstruct everything along with trash Republican governors at state levels against it.
bigoted evil misogynistic cruel brutal racist liar bully thief selfish philistine cold hard POS we will remember!
You got something better to offer, don't you? Don't you?
.@JohnCornyn Wow @charles_gaba just blasted your logic like a kid using a magnifying glass on an ant
what? So you want more than the 20 million that are already covered to get coverage?  I agree! How do we make that happen ?
what is your plan to insure those 30 million?
Better question: How can someone be functionally illiterate and still become a member of U.S. Congress?
didn't #Texas block the #ACA, leaving folks without health insurance? Sooo who's fault is that?
So you're in favor of federal insurance for all then....
they wish to be they had a choice I know those who don't want insurance I didn't have any until I was 30
How about you repeal Obamacare and uninsure another 20 million Americans. That would be a bigger success.
Setting the bar pretty high for yourself, aren't you?
Wow. Rarely have I seen as brilliant a takedown as this from @charles_gaba. I assume you'll shut up forever now, yes?
Perhaps if Obama hadn't been blocked at every opportunity everyone would have been covered
and what have you done to improve it?
it's called Medicare for All
Your analysis is flawed. If something isn't absolutely perfect, it cannot be counted as successful? What is your perfect plan?
Depending on your source, uninsured rates are at a 50 year low. Your plan is...???? http://obamacarefacts.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/08/uninsured-rate-since-1963.png …
Have a look in the mirror & you will find your problem buddy.
If you hadn't blocked TX Medaid expansion, itd be a lot more. Breaking something and then complaining its broken isnt governing
You're kidding right?
Let's get them covered
What have YOU done to fix the flaws? Who have YOU helped get healthcare, and how did YOU help? Sincerely asking.
It doesn't "leave" people uninsured; they fail to sign up. In part, due to sabotage of the program by Congress.
what's your plan that will cover that 30 million? Asking as a constituent.
A hell of a lot better than the GOP plan. (Oh, right, they never proposed one, did they?)
These can help us figure Obamacare out
Your boy Perry left much of Tx uninsured when he wouldn't take the Medicaid expansion offered by the Feds. Blame Reps.
all kinds of stupid in ur statement. Try and educate yourself as to why,  then u can join the discussion. Hint: Republicans.
What's your plan, John? You guys have had what SEVEN years to come up with something.
yes Universal health care please! Our monthly insurance is more than our mortgage! Do something.
Because the perfect shouldn’t be the enemy of the good @JohnCornyn
Decreasing the uninsured pool through higher morbidity & mortality isn't an improvement, Senator.
Now if you want to close the 30M gap by expanding coverage - perhaps w/single-payer - that would be an improvement.
U feel good about keeping ur constituents in need of healthcare. U sir are, and have been for a long time, part of the problem!
have you responded to @charles_gaba yet?? Gave you some great answers and suggestions.
agree! Universal coverage. It took you awhile but your here! Get to work! #ACA
I  the state of TX but  despise our 2 Sens...Cornyn blames ACA for only covering 20M but has NO IDEAS to improve it.
.@JohnCornyn John, John,it is because the people NOT insured are in GOP states who refused to expand Medicaid. And yes, you know that, idiot
Read answers!
Like saying someone underprescribed meds didn't get better because meds didn't work, & taking them off instead of increas dosage
Among other GOP flaws:

A. Do nothing Republicans didn't help
B. Republican half-empty negativity. DID insure 16.6 million dope
I' m a Texan who didn't have insurance b4 Obamacare.  If u care you'll work to improve, not to kick me & children off of insur.
Stop lying!
.@JohnCornyn U have been in Congress for decades and have done nothing. U never have and you never will. U destroy not govern. You are sick.
so you're advocating for universal health care? Way to go!!
You refused Medicaid dollars for Texans. The wait for my daughter at age 11 then was 10 years. We live in CA now. #obamacare
More are insured now than before ACA - who wouldn't call that a success?
Just talk and talk until all the criticism goes silent, not like any people will need help while the elites visualize.
GOP had 8yrs to fix those flaws. Don't call the kettle black when you left it on the stove.
try stopping greedy ins's co  that's where the buck bleeds. Medicare for all its much cheaper for USA unless you don't like USA
Why do anything at all while fighting to pass the perfect legislation? Leave millions to struggle during the wait.
You're no longer the opposition party, now you have to govern & deliver. If not, then we are coming for you on election day 2018
Because they've talked to so many saved/helped by it, it dramatically reduced uninsured, and it could grow into better.
You stopped Obama from doing single payer healthcare and sneer at results. Texas has highest maternal death rate. Proud Texan??
And you're a US Senator?  Wow.  I'm guessing Texas doesn't have high standards for elected officials. Did you even get a GED?
The GOP, the party of opposition who flapped their gums against ACA but never came up with anything useful to replace it.
If you gave a crap about your fellow American, you would have used the past 8 yrs to come up with a replace plan.
In 8 yrs the only thing the GOP accomplished was to provide vote after vote to repeal Obama care.
The GOP, the party of lining their pockets and not giving a crap about ever providing any kind of health care plan.
20 million more Americans have health insurance with the ACA The GOP had plenty of opportunities to provide a plan in the past.
Bet you didn't expect to get schooled on your BS tweet so thoroughly did you @JohnCornyn? Get use to it & great job @charles_gaba
ACA helps our family a lot! Like saving my life!
Republican state dont expand medicaid. You know this yet you LIE. You are the problem!! Its GROSS.
after further thought, perhaps what you should do is make it possible for your 30MM uninsured to have affordable healthcare.
And the sick will die! SMGDH
.@JohnCornyn Hmmmm...I think there are some solid responses to your question. I think many Texans like me  think it is important
.@JohnCornyn My family have used it when their employer coverage ended. It literally saves their lives. So your rhetoric is personal to me
Thanks for your new support for universal health care - yay!!!!
Con-Man @JohnCornyn Liar
.@JohnCornyn u know exactly y - bcuz U supported denying Texans expanded Medicaid.
GOP would rather have no plan. Taxpayers cover your insurance costs, so you don't care
So what are you going to do that's better? Universal single payer coverage like it should have been all along? Do it already!
what a punk tweet. How many GOP controlled states failed to get on board?
what do YOU care?
so what's your plan to insure everyone????????
You should be ashamed if yourself...
Tell that to my many patients who would not have received insurance due to pre existing conditions. OBAMACARE saved their lives.
Instead of working to improve something that saves American lives, you chose to harm Americans in an effort to make it fail.
Probably because the @say no" #GOP spent last eight years undermining it at every opportunity in hopes of destroying the program
fellow Texans please stop voting for this guy
I'm going to ask the same question after your party's even worse version of insurance industry coddling is implemented.
shame on you knowing full well Texas didn't participate in Medicaid expansion. Coward & Asellout
I'm glad you are coming out if favor of universal health care!
damn these people roasted you thoroughly Johnny. You're fact twisting mouth piece who doesn't give a shit about people.
You're just pretending to be an ignorant dolt, right?
We know your drill:  set it up to fail and then PROUDLY POST BS LIKE THIS.
When you were shouting about the disapproval of ACA, you left out that much was because it didn't go far enough.
I believe there is an ocean near your home state you can jump into
You don't like it? Great, fix it! We can't wait to hear how you're going to solve the problem. Breath = bated.
Medicaid expansion would have helped millions, like newly divorcd moms in nice mid class suburbs. Low income doesn't mean "bad"
So you are for Universal health care I assume.
You're absolutely right, Senator. I'm so glad to see you embracing the single payer system. Health care for all!
Well, let us count the ways?   How many votes to defund it?   How many states refused Medicaid expansion?   HUH?  YOU YOU YOU
when you kill Obamacare and don't replace it you will learn what the phrase "grapes of wrath" truly means
I would like public option. My deductible is 1/4 of my annual income no coverage till I spend all of that. Not Healthcare.
whoever passes Medicare for All 100% coverage will be the political messiah forever
Please do tell us your plan..oh wait..you don't have one!
those 30 million could be covered with a single payer program.
if all the states had taken the Medicaid expansion, it wouldn't be 30 million.
You really do seem dumber than the average American. So yr a rich old guy, still dont get why yr in power  #AuditTheVote
when the GOP and ins lobby collude to harm citizens and obstruct the President, what do you think happens? We aren't stupid
Interesting how Ppl in Congress who have great benefits so quick to rob us working people of ours. Is your goal to hurt us?!?
You've been totally owned by @charles_gaba
that's pretty easy. 30M uninsured is a lot less than 50M+ uninsured.
because our state doesn't have Medicaid expansion! This isn't hard. Your constituents know this.
Is ready to unveil his big plan to cover all Americans in an affordable, effective, sustainable way--let's hear it!!
oh, right, you had that plan to cover them, too #sillydems
disappointed you don't understand ACA, 81 months post passage. Fix it-- don't repeal it. Put country ahead of politics.
I'm so glad to hear you support universal coverage! Let's make it happen in 2017!
are you planning to to tax every working person for universal healthcare? Coz it works here in the UK. 100% coverage then.
let me guess, you are highly connected to the CEO's of insurance companies who dont have enough BMW's in their garages.
get your shit straight pal
boy if you don't... Hush or give me Medicaid expansion!
You should take that up with @Heritage
Because people with pre-existing conditions like CANCER can now be covered. That's TOUTABLE
Are you kidding, you soulless jackass? How many did YOUR PARTY leave uninsured for the last 70 years? ACA has 22 million MORE!
Because it's a lie? Conservatives invented the ACA and oppose it mere because the president is black. Stop playing with truth.
hey John, I really like the idea you're presenting as an alternative...
Universal Healthcare! Yes!
is now apparently for universal healthcare coverage!
I agree- let's have universal coverage through a public option! So happy to see you are on board.
