you still don't understand the concept of diplomacy do you, little Marco.
Diplomacy with who? The only people mourning Castro are white American leftists and communist sympathizers.
diplomacy between the US and Cuban governments.
Diplomacy does not equate to kissing ass. Castro was a monster and his death should be celebrated.
Mandela when the west was calling him a terrorist. Castro is a great man.
He was the opposite of a "great man".
To the folks who are singing the praises of #FidelCastro I give you this. 
The people jailed and killed in Cuba, are western agents sent to try to overthrow the Cuban government.
That is fully ignorant. Learn the history please.
thank you, Senator for always fighting for #humanrights in Cuba, #venezuela and around the world.
in what way?
not at all. Want specifics from you, facts-not talking point partisan quips
thank you cause now she's telling me I have an allegiance to "white" men and she doesn't even know me! Stereotype much?
@GaetaSusan that's because he still has to work with people around the world who don't share our view. You don't. So u say it.
are the Cubans escaping to other countries to live who praise Castro?
please re-read and rephrase the question. It doesn't make sense as-is.
and I doubt there are many leaders that agree with the Canadian let.  If so, we have great issues ahead.
there are. That's y a new(&not yet)world leader needs to be more tactful. He's shortening his honeymoon.
we should not agree with Castro AT ALL not should we agree with supporters.  We should not ride the fence.
we are not agreeing.
Obama has taught to normalize trade while atrocities go on and now talks softly.  Will worsen things.
You apparently have little understanding of how politics actually work. Grow up.
Politics is not brain surgery. it's about "give and take". Pleasing your people and theirs but to the greater benefit of yours.
Insulting them, or more to the point, their dictatorial leadership (or family) is counter productive to relations.
d.
because they are kindred spirits.
A good leader doesn't need to explicitly go there, especially when the countries are trying to make progress together.
WHY REHASH WHAT CASTRO HAS DONE?  IT IS THE PAST I SWEAE TO GOD I WISH YOU &YOUR PARENTS WERE STILL IN CUBA YOU GD COMMUNISTS!
STOP KNOCKING MY USA PRESIDENT OBAMA DOWN FREAK!
THE CUBANS VOTED FOR THW LIAR JUST LIKE YOU VOTED FOR LYING CRAZY NAZI DONALD TRUMP! YOU WANT TO TEAR MY USA GOV. DOWN=NO
GO TO CUBA WHERE YOUR BLOODLINE IS FROM and CHANGE THEIR GOVERNMENT LEAVE MINE ALONE COMMUNISTS MARCO!
Should tell the Cuban community so much about Dem party values
The U.S. government remains silent when thousands are killed all the time, Little Marco
MARCO IS A COMMUNISTS!
.@marcorubio Mr. Rubio the word dictator encloses all the negative qualifiers that we can say the person to whom it is attributed
Don't feel offended for the illiterate comment. Look up the definition of Dictator, also check Castro murderer Tyrant definition
.@irmagdiana You're still a big asshole
I understand it is for an arrogant estupido admit to have made a mistake. A dictionary will solve the problem. DICTATOR look it
Thank you for recognizing your mistake. Best regards.
Now I notice that you can not read eather. Probably went to school in Castro's school system. Bye
Ignore what my Prime Minister said. He's not too bright
he has no shame !
also. I thought you didn't like trump when you experienced first-hand his insults and disrespectful manner. Why not call him out
@MoronsNo And you're surprised?
I think the prerequisite to be a Dem is an IQ at about the moron level... @tksaturn @marcorubio
.@MoronsNo .@marcorubio; WRONG That distinction is already claimed by .@realDonaldTrump & his trailer trash supporters like eh-let's see U!
Speaking ill of Castro at that time does no good for Cuban/US relations. Fidel is gone, the people go on. Speak to them.
Oh you sad little man.
Castro's dead. His actions R known/part of history +every news story today. PrObama, like Vin Scully, let the crowd "tell story"
What would that achieve? Let's move forward and try to start a new era of better relations and human rights.
The Cuban people have every right to celebrate the death of a terrible oppressor.
older Black cubans know the truth.
Are you taking about the US prison in Guantanamo?
.@marcorubio ...Donald Trump erratically tweeted and then issued a statement about his anti-Castro campaign endorsements. #FidelCastro #Cuba
@a_c_334 so did your president elect on how the CIA found that Russia hacked the election. #putinsbitch
Tu eres un Señor Thomas. Ase me un favor y respera un fuego.
@Norsu2 you should just do it for him.  Write it out, post online, tweet the link. Time to fill the vacuum of leadership in US.
.@marcorubio that statement was for the people of Cuba, and their friends and family here in the US. They need a leader, not name calling
Marco is an idiot.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Incarceration_in_the_United_States …
https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/54/US_incarceration_timeline-clean.svg/693px-US_incarceration_timeline-clean.svg.png …
You support Trump, who will outperform Castro in destroying people's lives. You're a hypocrite.
Such nostalgia for Batista.
we have done worse and for worse reasons ! He just wanted to protect his country from abusers and people looking to exploit it!
you will never be even half the man President Obama is. You're the pathetic gusano vermin that benefited Batista murderers
You are SO JEALOUS. 
stop the rhetoric - the campaign is over.
and Trumps was 4 words.  Very presidential. #SiSePuede
Right on Sir Shame on Obama and his administration for not condemning such a tyrant like Castro a nasty dictator.
You endorsed Putin's Puppet. You're a spineless hypocrite.
she's a pedofile too, you'll see
You're a special kind of crazy....
you issued a pathetic presidential campaign and left us (the US+Republicans) with Trump. You should feel worse about that tbh
El asesino que murió potencio la anexión de #Cuba a USA a un máximo perdurable. ¡Is fascinating!
what do u expect from Kenyan warrior
@dirkdup69 how many did ur apartheid leaders killed sir?
U VOTED 4 TRUMP who took aid from Putin&who associates w the racist,anti-Semitic altright.Don't lecture any1,u traitorous coward
i am with you 110%. SAD!
don't go there w trash talk if u aspire to be POTUS Reagan &Nixon were also diplomatic when speaking of China, USSR relations
Obama has no cojones!
Ok, you prob'ly have that point!
Oh, but please ignore this: http://bit.ly/2gKhvFy 
Maybe just read the article. @marcorubio
Proven a lie - by whom? I provided a citation from a primary source. You?@marcorubio
Nope. Just because you insist, doesn't disprove it. Bye! @marcorubio
Yeah Fidel Castro who imprisoned people without trial and put them in cages in orange suits. Oh no that was US
@marcorubio @realDonaldTrump
you forgot and killed thousands in front of firing squads because not want communist regime
only 55 days to go
is anyone surprised? This president has been a embarrassment from the start.  I hope you can help @realDonaldTrump
Still trying to make President Obama look bad. Can't wait to see your gymnastics when PE gets in office. Indefensible. #suckup
Grow up!! Loser
, what Angel @Irenie_M refers to is not just how Trump viewed U. You're also not acting like a Christian.
, I shall remind Señorita Delgado to forgive Fidel and pray for his soul, if they're true followers. https://twitter.com/AJDelgado13/status/802612669727592448?lang=en …
, @MarcoRubio, and others who keep hating instead for forgiving are invalid to be classified as real Christians. #CCOT #LNYHBT #2A
In my humble opinion Birdie,  there's not a Christian  among them. Hypocrites one and all.
You'reRightAngel~ @Irenie_M. @MarcoRubio could have banked goodwill for his future hopes if he expressed his sentiment like how #POTUS did.
, there's an irony in the making where @MarcoRubio will eventually align his opinion with a #CommieAdulator
Fidel Castro is dead!
Castro was a true leader and a ruled Cuba his way.
hey if he was such a great leader, how come you don't live in Cuba? Maybe you should, and get out of my country,
Wish you had as much spine when dealing with Trump
If you are so offended by things the new administration said (10 yrs ago) why use it in a current conversation?
Obama's is bad. Jimmy Carter's is worse.
as oppose to Trumps tweet, did you like that better?
Grieve for a dictator that was responsible for the death of up to 100k people in Southern Hemisphere.I grieve for the oppressed
what should the president of the USA said.He died?Good.Fuck that guy? Why go negative all the time?Sometimes no need for slander
you are only interested in helping yourself and disregard the Hispanics in the USA
I'm sure the Whitehouse will issue just as a pathetic statement for  the two George Bush dictators so don't worry.
At least he did much in improving Cuban and US relationships, what have you done?
And as President how would you have addressed this Senator. Diplomacy is key in all things.
no one points out that the Democrats thinks Castro was a leader to admire. Tells you something about the democrats. Just evil.
Doing so would not occur to anyone not as connected to the island as you are; it is not unknown that the momsa killed lots.
NOT CONNECTED TO THE ISLAND ?????? Are you serious? EVERYBODY with 2 functional neurones have seen what he did!!
What who did? If Castro, I've not doubted his being a cancer; if Marco, what did he do that I picked on?
Luke 6:27-36
Wish you'd have gone that hard after Trump.
RUBIO!  You are one that should be focused on DOING you job this time around. POTUS Obama is decent and a diplomat, U R NOT!
your family fled Batista's regime though
.@marcorubio says the guy who supports Dictator-in-Training Trump & making it harder for Cubans fleeing Castro Regime to resettle in the US
Order #Trump FREE T-Shirt http://bit.ly/2fXK1CV 

#TrumpPresident #TrumpTrain
http://www.historyofcuba.com/history/batista.htm …  know ur history Rubio!
The rich fled Cuba 1959.
if you can prove America murdered less innocent people during Castro's reign please do so #auspol
You know what's "pathetic"? Having a septegenarian auto dealer bankroll you and your wife for 15 years. Sad!
because he always roots for the wrong team
"Let's dispel once and for all with this fiction that Barack Obama doesn't know what he's doing..."  rinse lather repeat
.@marcorubio @flogrownhunter Compare that to Trumps statement. Buh-bye Obama. Hello president Trump
Shameful, but predictable! Typical liberal!
that's what is SAD about OBAMA! he doesn't live in our societal reality!
think about what America done n then Castro will look like an angel.
THANK YOU. this is why republicans control all 3 houses. At least you people don't praise dictators.
There are those with murderous spirits in the high places of SuperPac America which are yet to be revealed.
I am sure you would prefer what your "President elect" said in his Tweet Diplomacy....."Castro is dead!"
What do you expect?  He's a dope.
you are the pathetic one.  Please resign and keep away from politics? K thanks
@AmyMek American conservatives have killed vastly more people than castro ever has, all in the service of dirty money.
in fact the US runs a torture camp based in Cuba itself, so in no position to lecture anyone.
your response is inappropriate at this time
Fidel Castro is dead! Is better? GOP is full of hypocrites.
dear Marco Rubio you are a disgusting man who never cared anything about the Cuban people. You are a betrayer
auditioning for a role in the Trump admin?
Let's see @marcorubio if you have the balls to call #putin the names he deserves while he is alive. Waiting... no balls? Thought so.
your boy trump kisses Putin's ass!
he was The biggest plantation owner
you selling your country out for party was more pathetic..u would know that if you showed up to your senate job once in awhile

@Trummp_2016
Trump had the opportunity to break the law by doing business with Cuba during econ. embargo. Your comment on this?
thank you for being the voice of reason
Aren't we glad you didn't win, Marco.
ABSOLUTELY POSITIVELY #NAUSEATING FOR #CUBANAMERICANS TO HEAR ANY SYMPATHY FOR #CASTRO!! ZERO ZERO ZERO SYMPATHY!! BURY THE DEAD
#MAKE #CUBA#GREAT#AGAIN!!
PLENTY OF GREAT #CUBANAMERICANS IN #BOSTON!! #CASTRO'S DEATH A JOYOUS DAY!! ONLY REGRET ...NEVER GOT #REVENGE!! #MCGA!!
your presidential campaign was pathetic so I guess you'd know pathetic when you see it.
#FidelCastro IS #virginmary comparing to any U.S president in modern history!!!You are a cynic @marcorubio!!!
oh you mean like how the Republicans deny That Trump will be a dictator?
@zorroasura Barry IS PATHETIC.
We're not surprised
these r ppl who didnt get rich robbing &looting poor during Iran Shah Philippines Marcos  Chile Pinochet+all USA suprtd
@Eds1world get over it he was a murder and now he 28th his master the devil
oh screw you little Marco. That's not how statesmen behave. You wouldn't know.
hypocrite.  Burn with Fidel
You will keep finding fault w/ President Obama for the rest of your life, but you are nowhere near the gentleman he is, loser.
Well, did you really expect anything different? Maybe he will personally go to the funeral also.
and you little marco don't want Cubans to have any relationship with USA. U have used the embargo more than enough. Very SAD
You are the Pathetic one. I did have great thoughts and hope for you until you went to the TRUMP.
Everyone fails to say why
All are countries killed forfreedoms
Cuba obviously went through 3power countries trying to obtain it
The sickening part is the part the church has been in it processes
Russia, US & Canada
Yet look at them
?
Most likely same
BRAVO! It seemed as though obama really wanted to eulogize castro but didn't have the guts, given the Tide Turn in US Politics!
T-Rump is Putin's new apprentice for the dark side.
what solution did you come up with? Mention a single positive thing the embargo has brought. Nothing. U r pathetic.
of course the guy who brought us #DeathPanels would love a guy who used #DeathSquads
If we ever saw Obama's school records we would find essays on heroes like Castro
@BLMorris715 what else would we expect from the worst POTUS in history
Little Marco
Little Marco still kissing up to the man who humiliated you! Must enjoy the taste of s***!
@garciabanchs That is why the Democrats lost the election and I am glad they did.
It might be appropriate to inter the commie fossil on Pine Island ... In a tiger cage. Seems apropos, no?
since when are you relevant?
what has he said?
should we mention the millions Bush & Cheney killed in Iraq when their time comes?
So your family loved Batista then?
tell your people what cuba was before the revolution Cuba was America's horehouse and mafia playgrounds and  casino.
Indeed killing its own is sth the US does too as its one of only a handful western nations who still use the death penalty.
pathetic? What's the matter with you? It was compassionate & well written. You, sir, are ignorant& out of touch.
@Dogan4Rep Shutty. You weak excuse of a man!
Fidel Castor was a legend. A titan of history.  Sleep well comrade.
I thought you were a Christian?
You, Mr. Rubio, have no cooth. When you call @POTUS a name, you are OBVIOUSLY speaking about yourself. Have some respect.
@KatiePavlich There is a special place in HELL for those who praises Fidel Castro including Husein O..
Hey, Marco....Get over it!  You sound like a spoiled brat!
It's called class. Figure life out, pal. #deplorable
cubanos cobardes nunca hicieron nada para liberar a su pueblo de ese tirano que se quejan ahora de la opinión del presidente.
can you read http://en.kremlin.ru/events/president/news/53338 … ? "Free and independent Cuba built by him and his fellow revolutionaries"
Justin Trudeau wrote an adoring post of his love for Castro.
Is it that difficult to comprehend that someone can express both extremes?  Hero and cruel dictator?
Obama always has and always will be an @$$hole!
the election is over. Give it a rest
Are you upset that Obama didn't mention your Castro supporting Grandfather?
@GraceCastro when your politics excludes the life's of the innocent then your ideology is a disguise for evil. Expected but sad!
I'm surprised he's not calling for the flag to be flown at 1/2 mast.. Come on Jan 20TH !! Come on please already...
Apparently respecting the dead is not a strong point with either of you.
Calm down! you are quite pathetic for disrespecting the President.
historical ignorance 4u; nacho 1nce said:"3l q save xabe!
What are U going to say when Trump hotels & golf courses start going up in Cuba?  U going to ask Trump 4 tee time?
why wouldn't he that's all that piece of shit knows how to do
@KatiePavlich Obama is pathetic anyway, he needs to go away, the guy piss me off what he did to this country.
He will be know forever as the PP-"Pathetic President" no accomplishments-no respect for Americans or Military
Little Marco, didn't your family leave Cuba before he even took over and then you lied about it?
I would rather have the conciliatory response than another divisive response to stir more problems in the US and abroad.
Shut up Little Marco!
typical statement from a conservative #SmokingCigar #FidelCastro #Hero
No, little Marco. Your Senate stint, run for Prez, and subsequent default re-run for Senate was pathetic. You're irrelevant.
your immigration bill is truly pathetic. Tend to your own garden Senator.
