How is calling for a stop of Settlements Anti-Israel?
That land is rightfully theirs. They have 4000 years of roots there. That land is for the Jews. They deserve a home.
By that Rational than Native Americans should kick non-Natives out of the Western Hemisphere Jews have home, Israel
We made peace w/ natives. We came to a 2 state solution. The thugs in Palestine want to kill the Jews. #bigdifference
Really?  Have you been to a reservation lately?  How about Standing Rock?  second point makes no sense, false equiv.
SR rioters are tresspassing. All other native Tribes have peace w/ us. NA's not trying to drive us into sea.
But we tried to drive them into the sea. Again 4000 yrs its their home per your logic. Be consistent or dont use it
You tried and failed, settled on peace, we moved on. Palastinians want Israelis dead, need to leave or assimilate.
Please sign. It's time to tell Walmart to stop supporting climate change deniers like Paul Ryan.
Where do you morons come from? Why deny science? I miss when crazy people met in basements.
That's like saying water isn't wet. Of all the contradictions thrown our way, use choose to take your stand on this. SMH
I pray that my fellow jewish citizens of this country will finally realize NEVER to trust the Democrat party again! !
US always opposed settlements so hardly stab in back.. Have read of resolution text, it also condemns terror..
Actually I love Jews & Arabs! Both have lived on that land for thousands of years. It must be shared http://zope.gush-shalom.org/home/en/channels/downloads/truth/Truth%20Against%20Truth%20-%20English …
Me too!! Those for peace & sharing need more support!! Those who want to destroy the other side have way too much power!
what is your statement regarding PEOTUS tweet on starting a nuclear arms race with  Russia?
Yesterday it was too friendly - Today it is too hawkish. Make up your mind.
no your shameful! Grow a backbone! Stand up to Trump you chicken sh*t! Get off your knees!
you need to think carefully about racism Paul, both in this country as well as globally;where is your concern with Palestinians
IVE BEEN THERE- MEDIA LIES! ISRAELI's ARE GOOD PEOPLE BEING HIT BY ROCKETS, knifed, and terrorized constantly!
Visiting a place isnt the same as actually living there; during ur visit did U spend time w/ any Palestinians?
.@SpeakerRyan Under Netanyahu, Israel has become a terrorist state! We don't SUPPORT TERRORISM!
YES!!
So stealing land from Palestine is the policy that the USA will pursue? So Russia taking over Crimea is fine too?
I see you r a history revisionist-land wasNEVER ARAB-- was Jewish long before Rome renamed it Palestine!
ISreal agreed to the borders & Palestine in  6 day war in 1967 now they are building settlements in palestine
So how exactly is building illegal settlements on somebody else's land and thus infuriating them conducive to peace?
You listen to CNN &MSNBC to much Fake News
you work for @realDonaldTrump now. He'll do what he wants and you'll have to eat it. You're part of the swamp he wants to drain

As a Jew, I do not support these settlements. Obama did the right thing.
He's never done the right thing!! Ever
Yeah of course not because you listen to spin instead of facts.
Many pres before him also had same approach. Reagan and Bushes. This is a convenient R attack now
And also, 60% of Israelis do not support these settlements. Ryan should pay attention.
that's the kind of attitude we need in DC, you have to kick ass and take names.
you go to any length to undermine Pres. Obama. UN Sec. Council action good. Israel must stop building. Netanyahu is bad time.
I swear Liberals are so uneducated and Democrates became new form of Mafia
quit trying to make Obama look like the boogeyman trying to take a dump on baby Jesus. Israel needs to respect Pal. land
It was their land to begin with
Good for you! Obama's UN RES and last minute $100+ MIL To PLO, shows who's side He was on! MANY think he is Muslim. POSSIBLY.
and so say all of US
Sorry Mr Speaker looks like the President over rides you.MAGA
He has a pen and a phone and a Swiss bank account the should be seized :( Trump and Sheriff Clarke are in the starting block MF
You lecherous SOBs invited a foreign instigator (#BiBi) on the house floor and now want to silence/fine DEM reps? #FragYou SOB! @SpeakerRyan
GOD BLESS YOU PAUL RYAN!! !!
aren't settlements illegal? Just curious
still confused.
@Rave_Chicken where were you guys last year?
Your hatred for our Pres is so known.  What happens to Palestinans? Bulldozed homes? do they have NO rights? You are shameful
Thank you for recognizing that the cowardly act by Obama to pull the rug out from under Israel should not stand!
@AIPAC Paul Ryan what are YOU and Congress going to do about the worthless UN.  Probably nothing as usual!
That's what you get when you,Tearags,brought Bibi 2 Congress 2 berate PresObama.There's 1 POTUS & it's not Trump.
What was shameful was that joint session of congress that you had when you circumvented the President of the USA Barack Obama!
So happy that Bibi got his just rewards for addressing Congress. No settlements...
-Obama-Enemy of the American People-USA and Israel- We love you President Trump for the people-
Well, you are so right on this and I strongly agree! THIS IS A DISGRACE!
I did not realize we Americans might have a different foreign policy than the Israelis. So, Putin puppet and Netanyahu?
I fully get ur reaction, kissing AIPAC is faster route up the ladder lol. Reality is US is owned by Israel. End of story.
I disagree with you this time @SpeakerRyan
Let's bring peace to this region and treat the people of the region equally ...
Well said. May the new US Administration help Israel's govt. grow a spine! http://www.shamrak.com/Masada2000-HistoryofPalestine.htm …
Is there'plan to make a Budget comm. that bills have to go through the budget commitee that makes bills stay within budg?
Boo P Ryan!!! Obama has been fantastic with foreign relations!! Don't destroy what we have accomplished!!!
You're defintely wrong in defending the stealing of property. You're a hypocrite to defend an occupier.U did it in Afghanistan
He's a horrible man, a Zionist lackey. 
@JohnCornyn. You have no idea how many hard working americans hate you and your kleptocracy.
you are volunteering to be a tool...
     ... a tool used to sabotage peace.
How do you rationalize murder, genocide and relocation of a people. You must be an Isis sympathizer
The Jews had nowhere to go in 1946 so they came to what was once Israel. Should we allow what was once an Islamic state.
, How would you like a foreign nation building on US land.. then condemns and kills anyone who tries to stop them.
You can no longer enable Israel to bamboozle everyone into thinking they have a right to continue building on Palestinian land.
wake the f... up and talk some sense into that ignoramus Trump
You are a blind fool.Israel has been building on Palestinian land for years and then wonders why the Palestinians are revolting
God bless you my sister 
Oh and the Mossad also told the US there was an attack planed with planes a month before we did not follow up LOOK IT UP!  Out
OK ppl need to read about the Grand Muftis during WW2 and how the Jews paid for the Land do some research instead of porn K.
@atrzy Read!  The Jews $ that land 80 yrs ago the UK kept them from claiming  it read  the peel act!  U see what they want u to
I seen how Israel operates, they are no better than Terrorist Assad in Syria
If you have not read the Peel act and what the Jews paid for the Land then I dont know what do say.
There is no excuse to kill or oppress a population, all will go into rebellion mode, it's a natural reaction humans do
then how can you criticize Israel when they paid forthe land then. help of the peel act it was taken from them after they fixed it up
Here is another reason... THEY BOUGHT IT! http://www.wildolive.co.uk/Stolen  land.htm Stop listening to all the media as told you.
@mosheschochet trump should throw out all the prayer rugs he finds in the white. House when he moves in!!!
Who the hell cares what you say. You know that the one thing that is stopping peace negotiations is this development.
tired of supporting their taking of more and more land. Zealous people of any belief system can be dangerous. Israel must share
@IsraelNewsNow Its is a last minute attempt to deliver an "achievement". Similar to the shameful visit to Cuban dictatorship.
if israel is a partisan issue, you are feeding her to the wolves. piss off you fraud
. well the statement will get you Jewish votes but try to help solve the problem. Get a brain
@realDonaldTrump  Saying this is a blow to peace confirms your idiocy in this.  50 years of ethnic cleansing & murder.
which part of the word 'illegal' don't you & #Netanyahu understand? Continuing to build illegal settlements is what's shameful.
The only people who should be ashamed are politicians like you who are propping up a terrorist state.
I have a feeling we are going to find out a whole lot about what Obama's done once he leaves the Whitehouse. This might be bad
I agree with this but have to question why our government elected officials have not stopped his administration?
GOD BLESS YOU! AND PLEASE DON'T FORGET THE CHRISTIANS IN THE MIDDLE EAST WHO R BEING BEHEADED AND DROWNED IN CAVES.
@Koxinga8 Thank you
@Koxinga8 meanwhile my statement is heavily redacted but to summarize: FU @POTUS #standwithisrael
what has Israel done for US lately?  In the last 15 yrs? #notmuch but support befriending Putin? #unacceptablecompromise.
I agree and shame on them for what they did. God Bless Israel
I guess your saying let the Jews do what they want. Ashamed of you
...agreed, this is shameful. Israel will tell them to KMA but the support of your ally would have been nice. #StandWithIsrael
Defund them & the countries foreign aid that voted for it. The Un has lost it's way.
Obummer..what a dispicable man..how can be say he's for the people. He's shear evil. God is in control.
@BarackObama Russia, China, Iran kicked Obamas ass, Europe doesn't trust Obama and now Israel hates him too.Good riddance Obama
well put and thank u Mr Speaker. May u and urs have a very merry Christmas sir.
Where is your statement on how the @GOP usurped basic democratic principles by striping the incoming Dem #NC governor of power?
I'm proud of his stance!  Let's not support injustice anywhere.  Powers got it right.
and what do u say about the $38billion package to Israel? Obama will never please you guys...
Mr Speaker is wrong. USA should be proud for finally doing right thing. Resolution is right for long term peace.
Born Islamist is for life or death. Time to grow up and see the 8 years of signs.
one more you illegal settlement supporter! Nice job dude!

who's paying you?
Bore.
@tony_oakland GFY Ryan!
world Jewery has been put in jeopardy! BHO frightens me as much as the Nazis! What are you doing to stop this outrage?
Seems Israel is currently too aggressive over land grabbing,as excuse to shoot kids who throw rocks as seen on internet=NOBUENO
no, liar,  2 party state has been goal of u.s.  united repub party?   LMFAO!
thank you ! Unbelievable - Obama's final decision against only truly democratic and egalitarian country in region!
@RepMeehan Didn't take long to turn on PETrump. Spend taxpayers money net fixing AMERICA first. Stop giving our money away.
Amen January 20, 2017 can't come soon enough!
@FoxNews  @GenFlynn @GenMattisKCHS16 @exxonmobil @SenatorSessions #FL #NC #OH #PA #WI #VA #NY #TX #MI #SC #AZ #TN #KY #GA #CA.
For once, I completely agree with you.

#whodoyoureallyworkfor
Please release a statement re: PEOTUS publicly supporting an enemy of the US and vicious human rights abuser
With the US history of breaking treaties w/Native Americans & stealing land, shame on you for backing Israel's same behavior.
Please consider a disclaimer on your statements indicating your lack of convictions & your proclivity for paths of expedience.
thank you for standing up with us for Israel,
#PartyOverThePeople

-- Paul Ryan
well stated Sir. Thanks to you & the rest of our incoming leadership, we will repair the damage done by the Obama admin.
The US is their sugar daddy, not their allies.  Stop giving them money and the "alliance" is over.
Russia is is soft spot. The info about hacks need to. One to light. Public needs to know the extent of his involvement
Mr Ryan. I am a GOP. If  u don't stand up to Trump we will never vote for U for Pres in 2020. EVER. Oppose him and we will
someone needs a hug
Obama is a Muslim? Or at least mentally close?
You bedframes were supposed to impeach the Safe Space Messiah when we gave you the Congress. Ya'll kept shining his laces.
I'm a Zionist and child of Holocaust survivors. The way to insure #Israeli strength is tostop settlement bldg.
Obama is a disgrace to the American people. He has undermined the efforts of many great people.
thank you for your hard work and dedication to the ways of justice and freedom
When our elected leaders compromise their integrity, their words fail to rouse us in the way they once did.
Your near constant exaggerations make it difficult to take you seriously. You aren't the only exaggerator, but you do it often.

Thank you!
Mr Speaker, need more than statements that are never read my American people, we need action & not a promise of action
ur Jewish of course ur going to stick up for Israel were is the true Americans gone every body running America is Jewish
Idiot
Another zionist bought / owned politician willing to piss on American values to help jewish & christian racists. #pathetic
.@SpeakerRyan @JohnCornyn Anything on Russia Arming Hezbollah? Anything on GOP defectors?
You absolutely Right Mr. Speaker.
Well stated! We must stand with Israel! Always!
Will that be before or after YOUR president starts a world war with his nuclear arms bullshit?
I am so disgusted with Obama!
Hey now! Don't you think you have bigger problems to worry about?
Like gutting SS & Medicare, screwing the middle class, etc
Oh & babysitting the twitter addicted giant toddler Russia & the FBI stuck us all with???
Maybe you should re-evaluate your priorities & try to keep this from happening
how about a parting gift of a congressional censure of @obama's post-election activities? Totally undemocratic #censureobama
The punitive actions of a bitter soon to be ex President who knows now the Reality of what his Legacy will be.
I think it's cool how you finally found your balls... lap dog...
.@SpeakerRyan waiting for your stt on Trump's Putin networking against our democracy. Don't ruin your career seeking short political gains.
I am so disappointed in your use of rhetoric. C'mon, you are a smart person, act like it.
never fear we have God on our side and Redneck Nation will defend Israel
doesn't it concern you that so many people disagree and really not like the work you are doing #hatersforReal
this is not Anti-Israel. This is what is right...
-Mr Balfour  On Behalf of One People, Offered to a Second People the Land that Belonged to a Third People -
G-Galloway #Israel
we need more than statements defund UN kick it out of NY n start a better replacement org
you are blinded by power. Seriously take a deep look at your behavior and think of what Jesus taught.  Try to live by it more.
I literally HATE the radical Muslim. He is an enemy within
Thank you and I hope hope that you and Congress work with new POTUS to overturn many Obama policies.
This is a heck of a fine mess President Obama has made in his way out of the door. My opinion of course.
Thank you for protecting Israel.
Obviously, the Obama admin's parting shot at Israel. May Trump's administration undo the evil that's been done.
ISREAL SHOULD NOT BE STEALING LAND FROM THE PALESTINIANS.THEY HAVE PUNISHED THEM ENOUGH.
Horrible decisions by BO in his last days.He has been a destructive, selfish, self agenda president. Actually an embarrassment
@chrizzy100  Mr Ryan with all due respect you & your colleagues enabled this tyrant for 8 years with no resistance, so stop !
@BrittanyUSABoom statements don't solve the problem. Be a leader and get your hands dirty.
all I see when I see you is the man who wouldn't say Trump's name before the election and the day after the election ...
settlements cause war. Pushing it down their throats because you have power is not right. Can't you see?
As a Christian you should think of the Palestinians as people as well. What should they do? Can you empathize with them?
Obama isn't done yet. He's got 25 days to really destroy the U.S. He had this planned all along. Like Hillary he's a coward.
ARE YOU KIDDING?
Their Religion SAYS NO!
GOD?

Are they Jewish OR NOT?
They need to drop the Jewish thing if they're breaking the Oath. It's fullfillment was mandatory to get the land LATER.
@LukinFodder obama is 100% correct in his decision, its time the US stopped pandering to Israeli aggression and supports the UN
What is shameful & shocking is Israel is doing the very same thing as Terrorist Assad has done in Syria & you support it.
That is absolutely idiotic and untrue. Unfortunately the anti Semitic anti Israel propaganda is alive and well in US.
I seen the Gaza slaughter, don't tell me it's not true. Unfortunately I don't care to enlighten you on those facts about Israel
Gaza was part of a bargain gone bad. Everytime Israel defends theirselves they are criticized. They should never have left Gaza.
You're justifying a slaughter, open air prison & land grab. U.S don't stand for Freedom until they defy those crimes...period
Like Obama you prefer terrorist organizations such as Hamas and Hezbollah over a democratic country in the ME? Sad.
Unfathomable
We are with you!! We know it's Obama's SymPATHETIC attitude towards Muslims.
my response would be heave "Really, like we don't have enough of BO's mistakes to fix, you had to add another?" "Smh
screw you Zionist.
Obama is a complete disgrace. He just abandoned Israel when they needed US support. Very good he's leaving!
Obama will be leading the whole muslin state when he is out of office. People need to open there eyes
Deut. 1:7,8
shows America how he is a sick man,he loves Muslims,he is for isis arming them,and plays golf when Americans die in battle SOB.
thank you for taking a strong stand for #Israel 
time to get Israel off the US payroll. No more land grabbing. They've had plenary of chances for a peace yet refuse
Your statement makes no moral or logical sense.
how can you be so ignorant on this matter? Israel is the cause of war in the ME
Then have the SOB ARRESTED 
ITS ALREADY A SLAP IN THE FACE HE IS RACKING ANOTHER 5MILLION VACATION TO TAXPAYERS
Saddam Hussein Obama will soon be History. Just like Hitler is history. Counting the days!! #ByeTerrorist #FuckObama
Israel has violated every treaty and human right the US was correct and should have join the rest of the world condemning it
calm down boo, it was one abstinent not a series
It is good decision why don't you think about Palestine?Why you don't have same sympathy for them.
consistently lacks logic is happy taking away social security and Medicare @POTUS always does the right thing and you suck
Peace is not going to be done through illegal occupation of Palestinian land by Israel everyone know except hypocrite  @SpeakerRyan
That's the first decent thing I've heard you say in the last year+ that actually sounds sincere.  #MAGA
If Bibi wanted peace there would be peace. He does not want peace in the Middle East. Neither does Russia. Wake up
Thank you once again for your support of Israel. This is a dark day for the U.S. Presidency.
You can build your alliance without becoming partners in their crimes against Palestinian people.
Don't be partners in evil.
Nice Mr Speaker. What about House resolution condemning Obama/UN for despicable vote? Sanctions against UN!  Do something real?
Make all the statements you want. He'll be in Hawaii ignoring you. Why are you ok with illegal settlements, anyway?
wow where did u find ur balls to come out and speak about current events. Stil no msg about Russia thou.
