We MUST have the ability to purchase interset healthcare policies w/o being subject to differing state laws!
The states will never agree. You think having insurance cos competing is the answer. Not happening
It could easily occur if the feds allowed interstate policies, thus avoiding state insurance comms.
And you think the states would just roll over and let that happen? Very naive POV
I was being facetious, Bonnie. CA is calling its own shots, deciding which fed laws to observe.
- U lie, USA laughing stock!
#lies
really do tell, how
prove it!  Where's the freaking plan!
I have Obamacare. Please stop the insanity
I will believe it when I see it. Can you make your plan public now?
hahahaha. I'll believe it when I see it.
maybe after 2019. What happened to the plan to save us money NOW?
by making healthcare nationalized... Oh cant do that, that would work! Hmmm privatize it!
without healthcare? Senator do I send my bills to you?  How do I pay for help without healthcare?
@jim_ke6yb BUT WHEN?
What lies! How do these politicians sleep at night. Rep. Plan is WORSE than Obamas!
Thank you God for Trump and the Republican party for getting rid of Obamacare!
top concern w/ incoming admin #SteveBannon should NOT b n the White House in any capacity-let #trump know. Careers are at risk
Right, and Jesus is real and will save us from this bullshit.
PLEASE,PLEASE,PLEASE, premiums based on income not age for those making under $50,000.00 per year!
cute Senate pensions and bennies. Go on the new Obamacare or what you vite in. No privatization of medicare
waiting 7 years have not seen it yet . Let me see your plan I can compare to Obamacare price and coverage simple
DO U people even have a replacement for the ACA? UV been trying 2 repeal it 4 6yrs? Whatchu got 4 the rest of us
cause WE know U PEOPLE don't use what the rest of us have! The only change I want 2 C is if WE get UR HC plan...
ALL AMERICANS deserve UR HC Plan! THAT should B UR solution!
W-O-W! U R really good at LYING about the ACA & what people think about it! BRAVA!
How Senator?
This probably is cheaper. only Republican healthcare plan I've heard of.
End the networks, and ridiculous high deductibles!
In what country. Do we have to move?
Absolute bullshit. No way cost will go down. Insurance operate on greed not charity. Irresponsible bullshit!
@JohnCornyn @SenJohnBarrasso Doesn't this kind of flagrant lying bother you?
@SenateRPC @SenJohnBarrasso You continue to present this but we see no plan. Give us the details or give up. We need a plan.
Because you jackasses say so? You have no plan and no clue how you are going to transition to nothing.  Chaos.
we'd better or I'm telling everybody you're my guarantor
just not those 20 million Americans who cannot afford your plan or slip thru the loopholes u create 4 carriers
YOU have neither listen nor acted during the past 4 years, now that Rep has house/senate/president time to do so
How about now actually removing the ObamaCare law from this country as you Republicans have promised for years
Let's plant the seeds for health promotion, change the mindset to the culture of health, not disease.
you must make healthcare available and accessible for all. #universalhealthcare
:We will see. Seems we heard that line before. Hoping for the best.
where exactly is this fantasy land?
"Americans can look forward to getting the care that they need, from a doctor they choose, at lower cost." – @SenJohnBarrasso 
@JohnCornyn @SenJohnBarrasso really! how do y'all keep a straight face when you tell these lies.
I pray this is true. I pray that we who have paid in Medicare since the 60's get to keep it. On it now! Need it!
Premiums have to come down.  Mine is 2.5 times what they were before #Obamacare
What about the Americans who don't have insurance? How are you going to help them?
@JohnCornyn @SenJohnBarrasso Unless you are talking about Sweden this is a load of BS!
sure...you have no clue how insurance works
i heard this before from someone :)
I don't believe it.
Sure, if you get the Congressional tax plan, or are in the 1%
Ha Ha Good one Buddy! You republicans sold us up the river. Signed - A new member of the Constitutional Party
blah, blah, blah.  Do something, if you can.
More has to be done. Ban direct to consumer marketing of drugs. Stop price fixing for medical supplies.
repeal all OCare. Fed Gov't out-few laws! No strings attached. States handle ppl who can't afford.@SenMikeLee
You are advocating for a Single payer system ?
I don't believe  it.
$6500 deductibles killing us ! We need preventive care ViSA cards NOW, preloaded with medical-only $
. You are all talk. You approved ACA once, now it's no good? O'bama is going to be missed!
BS! Seniors being ripped with high Medicare costs, inability to switch Supplemental Plans due to pre existing
and pigs fly.
Maureen Wilson

“Back To Africa” fund

http://Gofundme.com/2ecd98wc 
@realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan YES!  Get out of the way of the private sector! No place for government! 
we have got to repel Obamacare ASAP
Health saving acts are a pipe dream for people without extra money to save.
You're hearing from me now.  ACA saved my life, don't take it away.
Follow thru on wkly address with metrics on how block grants works. Block grants are known for extreme rationing
you should come back to the real world on this one. This blog explains it
You display a lack of understanding about health care and how people view it. It's not a commodity like a TV
More likely you will get rid of ObamaCare and never replace it w/ anything, leaving millions in the lurch. Jerks

time to #draintheswamp of career bloodsuckers #TERMLIMITS!
except for all those without insurance
We know you've all been itching to "repeal" for 8 yrs. Not seeing much work or reality as far the "replace" goes
Why must we replace #Obamacare; let us get our own insurance outside of gov't. This is a private matter. #GOP
Pray elaborate on the "lower cost" part of this. What if I can't afford any cost? There goes my insurance?
Liars!
Do you really think the American people are going to fall for your lies?
you had better hope so- this is your chance to shine
