No, @realDonaldTrump! We demand your tax returns. We demand total #Divestiture of business interests & a real #BlindTrust. #ComplyOrResign
No we don't. We don't demand private things from a person. We aren't a lunatic mob like the Democrats.
you certainly misunderstand trump is our public servant we can absolutely enforce divesture
Not of his business as a private citizen. That is false.
that in effect will force is divesture or his resignation.
Right. Divesture of his business interests now is fine. His business before is his own.
all of his business must be sold off and the proceeds put in a qualified blind trust defined by law
Dude, shut up. You're rambling about a complete nonissue. The issue isn't the divestment.
he's not our president. He's our national embarrassment
ha ha  he already has started the world respect after Obama destroyed it!
you misspelled 'laughingstock'
oh yes Obama the laughingstock of the world Killary right with him
Trump is the laughingstock of the world right now.  He doesn't even know how to use a phone!

believe me when I say that child needed no encouragement whatsoever.
that kid? very familiar with the principal's office.
well, unless our new king delivers ppl like me in cages for entertainment, etc ...
Buh Bye Mitt
all you VB are doing Trump is putting your buddies in play the only one that will benefit from it is you and your
you should not be be in charge I cannot even say the words you claim the system is rid and boy did you rid it
I'm Still Not TIRED Of YOUR Choice Of REAL WINNERS MR. PRESIDENT or TIRED OF AMERICA WINNING! AMERICA FIRST
did you let the American people down
: Great, Now I suggest you put someone on your cabinet that has a cyber background... that is where help is required...
Thank you for the Ex Order for cyber security.
If I were you I would create a hybrid cloud env using Drupal method. If you have questions I an American would be happy to explain further.
http://keeplane.com/blog/blog/items/good_luck_chuck_eleanor_skepple_212 …
Is it because his name is familiar? Maybe you have heard that name before somewhere?  Think hard....
the joke is on us have a good laugh cause you and yours are the only ones that are laughing
For god's sake shut up!!!!!!!
bad trade deals?
@CampbellforLa actually works for us working people! Not just the rich. #FosterCampbell #FightforLA #NeverNeely
.@realDonaldTrump: State Treasurer John Kennedy is my choice for US Senator from Louisiana. Early voting today; election next Saturday.
Does the tyranny from the liberals ever end? These post are pathetic. If not ur president, MOVE OUT! YOU WON'T B MISSED
Someone, in a paid 4 think tank somewhere, sat back + thought: 'How 2 overthrow a governmnt with such a powerful military?'
tmw Kennedy is dead
More than 2.5 mil of us know you're a fool. Those who actually voted for you are starting to catch up #notmypresident
uh uh not gonna happen, minorityinchief
Who is charge of your cabinet selection, Steve Bannon or you? You owe nothing to anyone .  Don't start now.
How come you haven't "commented" on shooting of McKnight in Louisiana? At a loss for words? Cat got your tongue?
@AshleyAngelo2 
Are you part of pizzagate also Donald?

.@realDonaldTrump

No thanks.
We'll take @CampbellforLa

#Democrat who can make the #Senate 49-51

Just 1 Democratic Senator short of a tie.
"The healthiest candidate ever" sure does eat a lot of fast food!
Oh no! NOT FAST FOOD! Wow, how disgusting it could've been like fake pizza party with child rape like Hillary.
Just triedwatching Trump-unwatchable! Totallybiased,not funny and the President impersonation just can't get any worse.Sad

this is great stuff! So glad you are communicating directly with the people. Let me know how I can help.
& @POTUS ... This is great stuff! So glad you are communicating directly with the US people. Thanks for the communication!
You demean the presidency and the Constitution.

Don Trump is an embarassment to all Americans. The world is laughing at us.
Je bein de faire à toi
Great job Mr POTUS elect. Stay the course !!
Did Putin give the ok on that?
FU - DEMS WILL TAKE LA.  RECOUNT & HAMILTON ELECTORS WILL TAKE YOU... DOWN.
@altemislune hope he loses and dems pick up a seat hope no laws are passed and America approval rating is only 20%for you
the liberals are still crying.  I love it.  Thank you President Trump for not letting the illegal and felon vote win.
@AynsFriend @realDonaldTrump let's not forget the dead voters!
.@realDonaldTrump
You DO realize that image shows the only instance in which he ever told the truth, right? Penis size, IQ...
#POTUS #WeThePeople #DrainTheSwamp #LockHerUp #CommanderInChief #Flamingos4Trump #Breaking
you lost the election by 2.5 million. Hope he does too.
Never once before in the history of America has the argument "You should stop taking him so seriously" been used to defend a President
2.5 Million popular votes and $3.00 Will get you a brewed coffee at starbucks.
im so horny
hes hot okay shut up
ur still an idiot

is he a Putin lover too?

drink bleach,  won't need one after
the world be a better place if your mom would of abort you. Please fix that by use a large haandgun
NOT MINE! Good thing we can't vote, eh Donald? Or did you...
You have the best camel toe!
#MAGA #ccot
wise choice
would somebody please tell this asshat that he doesn't pick senators?
I'll take the energy secretary spot. Ready for energy independence! #oilandgas #drilling
You're choice? Is it fuck! The only choice you make each day is KFC or Micky D.
Newsflash, dumkoff, not every member of govt is an appointment by you.
hi mr Trump congratulations i'm very happy for you and we love you so much in my family, i'm from tunisia
Kennedy was for abortion before he was against it.... Just like you!
oh course he would be. If he wins then it's easier to pass your nut job legislations
you don't me to till you anything  but your doing a great job and doing more then dickweed and he'll your not in office yet
shut up

help maybe if you've time to reunite my wife and i
yeah, you're great but you lost the majority vote.
So what? What are you going to do about figuring out your job? Go to DC, listen and LEARN! Jeez #TrumpisanEMBARRASSMENT
You don't live in Louisiana so you don't get a choice Donnie.
INCOMING!
I love my president
I would love to be a better benefit to the USPS 
And I'm a Union member
Please consider this and add me
http://politi.co/2gNRZfa 

Not really we got 8 years of GW Bush and  8 years of BH Obama
you are an infant
Yes, but it's not your choice. @gperky1
we love u President Trump! Keep u the good work! 
If this platform shuts you down, I'll delete it...as will hundreds of thousands of others!!!
You know you don't appoint senators right?
think u will need a dept that can call these buss that r taking jobs will need a list each state would love the research
has 2 illegitimate children according to reliable sources. 1 is in Louisiana.
Woot... woot! train just keeps on rollin' 
prayers go out to all working for "We The people" and our best interests :)
Vote #FosterCampbell for Senate #Louisiana
Good thing your choice doesn’t matter, von Clownstick!


Does anyone think we should tell President Elect Douchebag that he doesn't get to choose?  #notmypresident #biggestdouche
I'm hearing it's rigged.
Louisiana is state of dirtball crooked politicians
who cares about your choice.
.   Poor John Kennedy.    I would rather be a looser for life than endorsed by you
If the orange baboon and his ape Pence support this guy! Vote for anyone else!!
* :-) :-) :-) :-) :-) *
which is why he is obviously the wrong choice.
#FightforLA http://www.fostercampbell2016.com/donate/ 

omg how are you draining the swamp? He really has put the worst swamp creatures in there! Bannon is the worst of all
If he wins it is rigged because of all the illegals that voted for him.
yes let's take another seat in the Senate,
um but you're not a Louisiana resident so your vote doesn't count....
who have you chosen for goal keeper?
your mom should have aborted you and done the world a favor
He is my choice too. Voted for Kennedy yesterday. 
Then he must be a royal turd
A fence instead of a wall, and now you're supporting Kennedys? You have completely sold out. Sad!
please go away. You have no clue.
is it rigged?
Did you rig that election too?
get off  TWITTER and go eat more cheetos!
Keep going the next POTUS but please don't forget Southern Africa.
now he thinks we all care what he thinks...yo less people voted for you then hillary
THEN IT'S A DAMN THING YOU DON'T GET A CHOICE, YOU WANNA-BE AUTOCRAT.
When are you releasing your returns? Audit excuse is a LIE. Sad!
You meant to say @CampbellforLa is the best US Senator for Lousiana. I know you sometimes get mixed up.
@mitchellvii Voted today!!
you might not be aware that you can't vote there.
@maggieNYT wish he'd stop meddling with the entire country
you're my choice for prison!  #CHEATER #GRABHISPUSSY
Just another suck-up?
#DonnieTwoTimes
https://twitter.com/Dr_Scooter/status/766713409563832323 …

Thank you @Varneyco : Democrats Still Believe Millions Are RACIST,SEXIST DEPLORABLES!Completely out of Touch with the American People! 

anyone you support, I don't! Donating to his opponent now
Come Join Us.  Together We Will Make America Great Again.  https://www.facebook.com/groups/TrumpCountry/ …
Are you taking into account our vote for Secretary of State? after all you are our voice and we don't want a trader!
please stand by your campaign promise on immigration
Louisiana's a great state. Best of luck.
Excellent choice; I agree!
who told you he was your choice? What do you actually know about him? Betting zero
then he sounds like a real douchebag
unfortunately you don't get a vote on that
You lost the popular vote
Please Mr Trump don't let pride and ego rule your agenda, think of all of our fellow countrymen as our lives depend on you
go study the constitution instead of tweeting.
If John Kennedy was smart he wouldn't associate his name with yours.
Good luck with trumps!
Heavy chemtrailing in Atlanta. Have to stop these psychopaths. Cough cough!
@Dc37Deborah THIS is what Jill stein and Hillary plotting
#TRUMPNATION
idiot
are you really going to use twitter as your media outlet and output? Does you team not know about press releases?

All this division  & slamming isnt doing anyone any good & no one cares. Cut it out & find some good to do. plenty need hel
Gees, ya think the kid's got name recognition?
.

You're The Man To Make America Great Again! So very Proud to Soon call YOU Our President!!!  WOO HOO! Love It & You.
douchebag
He’s been a Democrat. He’s been a Republican. JKs been everything but a Baptist preacher. JKs been what’s best for Jk.
sound at all familiar?
Hope he wins!!
Who you voting off the inland next??
Whatever. Just another white guy who will help ruin our economy.
I pray for victory of the election heartily.Take care of yourself.
Have a Luck day!Good Luck! Thank you so much.
KIT CARSON DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE! $ 0.00 SALERY, SAVE THE FARMERS, SAVE THE BEES, STOP THE CRONY POISONING OF OUR FOOD!
Who pays for the funerals for miscarriages/abortions? Pence goes to the funerals too?
John Kennedy said multiple times that he'd rather drink weed killer than support the ACA. Regardless, he should drink it.
who the hell cares.  You don't get a vote in Louisiana.
try not to tamper with his election the way you tampered with yours.  Criminal!
Well if he's your choice, everyone should vote for the other guy because you know jack shit about anything.

WOW! Insanely Funny Trump Christmas Parody “Most Wonderful Time in 8 Years”!Merry Christmas 2 Everyone! Let Our Lord 2 be praised! #GodBless 
Lol!!!
SAY NO TO SARA PALIN, ESPECIALLY FOR THE VA, SERIOUS  CONFLICT
SHES THE REASON I VOTED FOR OBAMA, ONCE
ty
