I don't trust any of these investigations. They knew Trump wasn't under investigation and publicly continued to spew falsehoods.just wrong
Americans are watching! We're watching ALL OF YOU ON RUSSIA INVESTIGATION & Trump's attempt at VOTER SUPPRESSION!
How about the truth where Democrats claimed 17 agencies said the Russians interfered with elections when it was only 4. Talk about liars.
Nobody is denying they tried to meddle, they have for decades. There's no proof Trump was involved but plenty with Clinton and obama.
Trump is mentally ill. Use 25th admin.He is going to get us killed.
too bad all of its members are not interested in trying to defend our country, only their party!
Good thing the special counsel investigation will be much more thorough. Then there's that obstruction thing, too.
Keeping things on track to the story. When impeachable offenses are found will the GOP act on those? Will you act like you have a spine?
John's ego has grown past his capabilities. Whether he runs or not depends on where the most $ is. He could be indicted and jail Trumpgate.
If you think turning over your private voting data to this corrupt administration is a problem call the TX Sec of State now! 512-463-5770
$20T in debt right around the corner Senator, Russia's best hope against us
More and more waste of taxpayer dollars
I wouldn't be in a hurry. You aren't going to like how it turns out.
BullShit! John. You and I know that the Senate is preparing the biggest cover-up in US history. And that is Treason.
We won't forget the first thing @JohnCornyn did after the inauguration was vote to remove the ethics commission! Scoundrel!
What a joke. With you involved it's a fast track to obfuscation bordering on treason.
Matt Tait: The Time I Got Recruited to Collude with the Russians http://tinyurl.com/y767xgwr 
It's about time. Perhaps u would be willing to ask questions about Russia this time.
When will their eyes turn to the real traitors colluding with the Russians - @HillaryClinton and @BarackObama?
Fast track to finish by the end of the year? Are you kidding.
That much quicker we get rid of 45.
24 states won't provide voter data to Kobach: AZ, CA, CT, IN, KY, MA, MN, MS, NC, NM, ND, NV, NY, OH, OK, PA, RI, SD, TN, UT, VA, VT, WA, WI
Texas has said no also
Great.. Can you provide me with a source to forward?.. Thanks!!

Yet our prez won't condemn Russia for their attack & you won't call him out OR put a plan in place to protect us in 18 #sad #RussianHacking
Get it right
Get it done RIGHT.
BullShit! John, the Senate is on track for most of its members to get charged with Treason. Remember, protecting Treason IS Treason.
He's with Trump. Comprise everyone's voting rights so the only ballots counted are Republican ballots.
Hoodwinked by the Democrats yet once again.
The investigation is based on a fake news story! Move on and fulfill promises of REPEALing OC! Tax reform! We're so over the drama!
When @realDonaldTrump is removed from office, we can never forget how long and hard @JohnCornyn fought for his corrupt administration.

Slow and steady wins the race?
Please put complete repeal of Obamacare on fast track! It is the #1 issue w/middle class! REPEAL IT/ DON'T REPLACE IT!
No, you're trying discredit the FBI. Won't happen.
No one cares! Repeal Obamacare, lower tax rates and get rid of oppressive regulations.  Do your job or get out.
Thank you for posting. A thorough probe is more important than a quick finish.
Good
Could you please reign in trump?
What a horrible thing to do & brag about. I can see how much you value our democracy. If only Texas had a true Patriot defending the Union.

Just like your 142 pg healthcare bill, it is apparent you like short cuts. You wouldn't know what being thorough looked like if it hit you.
noted. ty for reporting rather than passing over the info while you fatten your pockets. its just time to get real about this!

Putting my trust in Robert Mueller who will do the right thing and find the truth.   Country over party.
We must have the truth so we can get our systems protected before 2018 elections
Excellent!
Because y'all either don't give a crap or are complicit
We realize, by watching the public hearings, you're not probing Russia.  Your really trying to find out more on Hillary's emails - anything.

Don't forget it's a Russia Trump investigation
Russia is a big threat to our democracy
So you'll be asking more irrelevant questions about Clinton's emails and Benghazi and failing in your duty to investigate Russian hacking?
Truth, not speed, is what we need.
Fast track to the RIGHT conclusion or just hurrying it thru so they can move on to screwing the country?
Given your behavior on this panel, you shouldn't dare give opinions on it in public.
Sometimes when we speed up, we mess up. It's more important that this be done correctly than quickly.
Is the Senate Intel calling @BarackObama  to testify on the Russian hacking? It seems he knows more abt it than @POTUS does!
Hold #TownHall  Meet your constituents who have been trying to reach you for months. Do your job. #TownHallDodger
How do you sleep at night with all your treasonist tendacies? Does your colluding w Russia keep you up at night? traitor!
Fast track in government parlance means it should be done by December of 2020.
Why don't you put repealing Obamacare and Kate's law on fast track instead of provoking world war 3?
I'm positive U & Burr CANNOT be trusted.  Burr has Russian ties & I'm sure you do too.  Is anyone on the committee free from ties to Russia?
use the same haste you used for the healthcare bill; I'm sure the results will be impeccable.  Luckily someone else also investigating
What is result of your TX h/care poll?  Publish!  Let us see results real time.  Be transparent.   Y r u not in 4th parade? Need 2 see you!
Do the words thorough and comprehensive mean anything to you or does Benghazi have to be attached in order to expect that from you?
You were sure you were going to repeal/replace ACA this week. Time estimates are meaningless. And you should to do it WELL, not FAST.
Resign, you've been compromised
I hope so that you can get to #ImpeachTrump #ImpeachNOWreplaceLATER, rather than continuing to embarrass your party and country.
good thing special counsel is taking his time WE want ALL the FACTS @indivisibletxjc @PoliticalDiscor @IndivisibleTeam
Aside from this story, Town Hall?
So, you prefer incomplete investigations into attacks on our country?

@JohnCornyn “...if we didn't chase every rabbit trail imaginable”
This is the problem.. Trump is a Russian patsy. He praises Putin & you turn a blind eye. You are not good for progressive Texans. Vote 
Good.  Wrap this mess up and get moving on everything that needs to get accomplished!
It's prudent because there will be no need for investigating once indictments are served...thanks to WSJ and PATRIOTS. No thanks to gop.
They could/should quit tomorrow unless they focus on Russian methods of interference and how to stop them. Then inform the public of finding
How long until we get to see @KellyannePolls and Steve Bannon answering collusion questions?
How about ending it, and getting some actual work done; working on serious problems?
Thx once again for showing us Texans what a joke you truly are John. Good thing your panel doesn't matter and muellers will go on getting
the real information from the people in the know and who knows they might turn a few things up on you with the money laundering tm they got
TRAITORS. The American people want and deserve a thorough and full investigation. The @gop is complicit in enabling these people in office.
hey John, your legacy’s gonna be forever tied to Donald J Trump, a clown who wears diapers and has holes in his brain 
Despite your continual unsubstantial wuestioning and distraction tactics?   If it is moving well, it is despite you.
Thank you. Open extortion investigation.
this is disgraceful shame on you guys
its about time republicans took this threat to our national security seriously.

