here's an idea: town hall where your constituents live
so I have to come to DC for you to talk to me?
Hey there from Texas. We would love to see you for a nice chat.
Could you maybe do this in Texas? Maybe a townhall in Austin?
Super diverse group of constituents there in DC. How about coming back to TX to #townhall with the rest of us?
how about YOU come join US at a town hall?
Please hold Town Halls in TX where your constituents live. We would love to hear from you.
would've liked to have joined you in a town hall last recess... but you refused to make time for your constituents
Why don't you see your constituents in your state and get off the #TrumpTrain? #DoYourJob #Trumpcare #Trumprussia
How about Texans back home??  Hold a TOWN HALL MTG!  You're going to find a seminal change back home!!
Know where your constituents are? In Texas. Know where they're not? DC.
We can't exactly up and take off a day mid-week to fly to DC and have coffee with a man who won't listen anyways.
Hey hey hey. No need to be that way. Maybe a different descriptor for John? 
you wimp! Holding mtgs in DC but you are too much of a coward to do so in your state, you are a pathetic LOSER!!!!!
why not have townhalls in Texas?     Many of us would love to talk with you.
What about those that can't travel to DC? When are you going to be in town, so we can chat?
I'd rather drink hemlock than have coffee with you
Gosh, it'd be nice if you'd actually meet with your constituents IN Texas. I mean, other than just the ones who give you money.
your constituents are in Texas. When are you going to meet with us here in San Antonio?
When are you going to take steps to fight fascism here at home?
"Texans in DC"... yeah when I was a Texan based in California, I had CA reps/senators. #TOWNHALL for Texans in Texas now.
.@JohnCornyn *or* you could come to Texas and actually meet with your constituents. You know, the ones that live in the state you represent.
we stood outside your Dallas (as in TX) office on Tues. How much is that office (that you never seem to be in) costing us btw?
coffe for Texans in DC? Do you know how fucking ridiculous that sounds. He about coffee with Texans in TEXAS!!
How about you come join us? (You know, your constituents, who actually live in Texas.)
only invite the repubes
Now when are you going to meet with your constituents who can't fly to you??
@wattystrick where's big mike.
It irks me that the media represents you by political party. You represent Texas. This is what Texans want. Very respectfully gw
Yeah, because all us Texans can afford to fly out for your coffee...
How bout you have one for Texans here in TX? Aka a Town Hall?
why don't you come to Texas to meet with your constituents? Not all of us have $$$ to fly to see you for a photo.
It's cheaper for everyone if you just hold some #TownHalls here in Texas. Is it 2020 yet?  #TexasSenators #LastTerm
John, I'm going to go to DC. If I could get through to u on the phone, I'd give a date. Clear the day lots to talk about.
only panders to rich white people who share his GOP partisan views. The rest of us can go to hell #TownHall
Nope. Your constituents are in Texas!  #TownHall #resist #TexasSenators #LastTerm
Do we have to travel to D.C. to talk? We don't have cushy gov funded exp acc & now have to save $ for HC unlike you, as well.
How about instead, you hold a Town Hall here! Wanna talk about Russia! trumps taxes! Sessions resignation! TrumpCare! The future
No sir, you come join us...sincerely, The State of Texas!
We can't just fly out to DC on a weekday whim to have coffee with you. You should know that. Come home and talk to us. 78750
Townhalls are a waste of time for libs who just want to disrupt and express unchecked hate. Don't go Senator. Waste of time.
@ddsmith3388 hay Willie,I'm a Texan, a Vet, andI would like to talk to thisguy if it's ok with you.I voted for him
make yourself available in a Texas! Many of ur constituents can't travel to D.C.!
Yea great.. what about a townhall n Texas for Texans?
I feel ignored. 75703.
Better idea. Why don't you come join US for a #TXTownHall? 
How about a town hall in Houston? #ComeJoinUs
so, for Texans to meet you we have to goto DC since u can't be bothered to do it in Texas?  You've lost your way
- come meet US in TX! We've got jobs here - jobs we need more than ever with AHCA looming on horizon. #TownHallTX #tonedeaf
me: [calculates cost of trip to D.C. in iPhones] 
@ddsmith3388 Vote Blue! The Trump program isn't working for us Texans. We don't think the killer Putin is our buddy.
too bad you couldn't do a town hall for us to talk to you
How did they get to meet the cardboard cutout? Oh wait, that's really you. Hard to tell since you're pretty one dimensional.
it would be a lot easier on us Texans who have jobs if you'd come to us and have a #TownHall sometime soon. Thanks.
Good to see you meeting with constituents- would love you to host a town hall in Dallas when you're back in town
or, you know, come join us IN Texas for a town hall...
when are you going to meet Texans IN TEXAS? Only care about those who can afford to travel to DC? #establishment #wearewatching
eXACTLY! And open up your phone lines. Your VM is full!
how about meeting w Texans in Texas at a town hall?
