When is our town hall going to happen? We have things to say to you. #chicken
they are. The same way the GOP worked with Obama
Poll: Your constituents in HTX would like you to answer our calls for a town hall during your recess!
no we don't. We want accountability, TRANSPARENCY, FACTS. Real... tangible things... you know.."reality".. that thing
Americans want to see Trumps Tax returns as he promised.
Good luck with that. We will continue to fight legislation that undermines the middle class, aka the entire GOP agenda.
No, we want Republicans to take responsibility and sort this mess out. Don't follow idiocy.
Lol sure they do
Seem to recall that you were one of the people in that secret meeting 1/20/09 where the attendees swore to never work with Obama
Liar. Answer your phone, Coward.
We want GOP to do its job for American people and get Trump's tax returns and investigate his ties to Russia. DO YOUR JOBS!
68 percent of those polled say that Trump should be willing to compromise and find ways to work with Democrats
How about Republicans and Trump work with Democrats
..DEMOCRATS ARE AMERICAN. ....
Americans want Republicans to represent all Americans, not just the wealthy and privileged.
Someone kept telling me polls are fake news. Well, let's start with the Merrick Garland conversation.
I would like to see you work with all your constituents, starting with a town hall meeting in central Texas. Make it happen.
No they don't.  They want Democrats to stand up for what's right against a highly corrupt GOP & POTUS.
Bullshit. Period.
73% want to see Dems work w/Potus vs. 27% who said Dems should resist Trump’s EVERY move- extreme! Those 2 choices arent biased
Not going to happen. #ImpeachTrump
“This shows that voters want Trump and Democrats to compromise” 
- Mark Penn, Harvard-Harris poll co-director
you should focus on what you should be doing: holding town halls all over Texas.
As one of your constituents, I want you to work for what's right for your State & Country, not your donors & lobbyists, Sir.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
do you ever quote news sources or polls besides the hill?  Because that is not what most Americans are reading.
we wanted you to do your job and give Merrick Garland a confirmation hearing!
No, we don't! We want 45 &GOP to stop working with Russia and stealing our money. #Trumprussia
I see that Manchin, Heitkamp, Tester, & a few other Dem Senators are with Trump on some issues! That's great! #Jobs #Coal
we, the people of Texas, want you to work with us. Please, meet with us here in Austin.  A #TownHall tonight in Austin @ 6pm.
lol... I think you mean patriots want GOP to seek psychological help
We want the #Trumprussia investigation to get started in earnest. Many of us want you to go away, too.
Democrats are Americans.
Democrats want @realDonaldTrump to do actual work besides self-medicating tweets, self-aggrandizing rants, and golf
You and Trump need work for all Americans not just the elite and your friends. Your job depends on it.
So to be clear, this poll didn't view Democrats as Americans?
difference between working with someone and rolling over. We have seen how 45 behaves when he is opposed. Is that ur fear??
I have a feeling you need a town hall... at nrg stadium.
yes definitely. But this needs to be a 2-way street. Republicans should try to work w/ democrats too.
I want crazy president and repugs to put country before party, do you think that's possible???
you are delusional, Sir.
poll John? Online survey is what it was. Little scientific validity in those John.
no we don't
my god you're an embarrassment.
the title is misleading. It says BOTH sides want each other to work together for COMMON goals, not just roll over.
how about you refused to work with Dems? GARLAND? ACÁ?
guess I'm part of the 27%... He's a joke, a #conman, and increasingly unhinged. Please stop supporting him.
What the hell does this even mean?  Democrats are Americans!
@lovealaska1105 bullshit. I want Democrats to fight coward draftdodger rapist Trump every second of every day!
Democrats are Americans.
Shit! Americans want you to investigate Trump and the Russian connection. Get off your ass and do your job, Senator!
- #townhall - ur constituents wld lk 2 spk 2 u. Just Tweeting won't do #uworkforus
You could check the views of your constituents with a Town Hall to verify the poll. But I'm not holding my breath.
Weird fact of the day - an even higher percentage of respondents on your FB page were angry at your support for Betsy DeVoss.
no. We want you and the other Republicans to work with Democrats.
This American wants to talk to you. Next Thursday works for me. I can surely get a few people in Houston together. Let us know.
'Dishonest John' strikes again: The poll also says Americans want Trump to work with dems by same percentages.
Americans want an independent investigation into the President's ties to Russia.
Americans want to see President Trump's taxes. @realDonaldTrump
American's want clean air and water.  Americans want a strong Dept of Education.
.@JohnCornyn They are holding Trump Accountable- maybe you need to learn something from the Democrats
hold townhall during recess.  If not, why not?
we should discuss this at your townhall , just waiting on the details
when is the town hall?
this American wants her senator (you) to stand up for democracy and ask for an investigation into Trumps ties to Russia!
and they want Republicans to listen to their constituents, unlikely you and so many others!
Americans want their representatives to actually REPRESENT their views!!
why didn't you work with Obama?
weren't you in the briefing with comey on the Russian investigation? Are you supporting #treasonous activities?
I'm with the Americans who want you to stand up to 45, hold him and enablers accountable, and listen to US. WE THE PEOPLE
and 68% say the president should find ways to work with democrats...tell the whole story
when is your your next town hall in Texas??
The way Republicans worked with Obama?
this American (a Texan) wants her Senator to listen to her in a town hall
: Democrats are Americans. As your constituent, when Trump's policies start making good sense I'll support your working with him.
Not this American!
Rats. Now I feel guilty for being able to recognize bad policy.  :-(
no thanks
polls are fake, right?! Your constituents want a town hall. Don't hide from us. You'll regret it when it's voting time!
It also said 68% say Trump should try to compromise and work with Democrats in Congress.
decent Americans would love to have a single thing from trump with which to work.
that's crap - another Republican alternative fact
The problem is the Democrats, don't want the Democrats working with the President.
Like the GOP worked with Obama?

Fucking hypocrites.
Poll: Your constituents want you to stop selling us out and represent us! Both Democrats and Republicans in TX are tired of you.
Maybe we Democrats want him to work FOR us!
yep! Just like you and other Republicans worked with Obama.
I want you to work for ALL Americans not Trump and his oligarchy.
probably would have been the same results when asked if we wanted Republicans to work with Obama, we didn't get that.
so basically, what I'm saying is you reap what you sow.
Texans want you to work with ALL of us. Not just your supporters.  Town Halls please.
and the rest of the article says the same number want Trump to work with Democrats. Some Texans can read.
only republicans want dems to work with Trump. The rest of us want them to stonewall until the next election
Says a lunatic from all places Texas 

BWHAHAHAHAHA
Do u mean the way Repubs wanted to work w/Obama? Oh, I forgot: they didn't. And why won't u schedule town hall w/constituents?
Have the Democrats received their invitations to Mar-a-Lago yet?
Americans, the 11mil voters who did not vote for him, want this admin to work with us. When is your town hall?
I would love to see you all reach across and work together. We really need the legislative branch to keep our pres in check.
You just don't get it. It's not about party. It's about being an American and defending the Constitution.
...in areas of agreement. Don't skew the results.
If only the president and you lot wanted to work with the people
it is admittedly difficult to support any part of someone so completely morally bankrupt. No matter how good the intention.
Only when it's in the best interests of the people. Otherwise, we want them to resist. When will you also work for us? #resist
kinda like the republicans worked with Obama?
Americans want Congress to keep him accountable to republican ideals and the public good. #republicanism
Small "r" republicanism should be the goal of both big R and D parties.
Uh....Democrats ARE Americans. Did you have a senile moment?
Replace "work with" with "impeach" and you're right. #afraidofconsituents
I would strongly prefer that you faithfully represent your constituents, which you have not been doing.
"We’ve gotta challenge them on every single bill and challenge them on every single campaign." Kevin McCarthy R-CA #hypocrites
let’s have a town hall and talk about it.
since when do you care what the majority of Americans want?
Then it would make sense for you to stop trolling Dems, wouldn't it?
Town Hall please - your constituents want to talk to you - and no, we are not paid protestors
Poll: Americans WANTED @GOP to work with Obama. We didn't get that, so why should you get your's?
I think you read that wrong. Texans want you to work for us and not your special interests. Town Hall!!
This Texan wants to see Trump's taxes and his involvement with Russia investigated and you Sir a #TownHall
Like Republicans worked with Obama????
supporting @realDonaldTrump will destroy you. I am a constituent thats campaigning against you #LastTerm #Republicans4Russia
This constituent wants you to do your job, represent Texans, not partisan interests.  Also I'd like you to answer the phone.
you misInterpreted. We want the republicans to work with democrats. Again twisting the truth into a lie. I am a constituent
The hell they do.  They want GOP to reign him in.
The only way @JohnCornyn will care, is if you fight to vote him Out of office, Texas.
those same polls that everyone quotes said it was Hillary by a landslide. Didn't happen and don't believe the vocal minority.
I think you believe an actual poll told you this!  LOL
BTW TOWN HALL? WHEN n WHERE??
tell trump to quit lying
baloney. Americans want trump to release his taxes and investigate Russia's influence on our elections and this administration
Americans want their Senators to represent their constituents not their donars.
Get a grip on yourself & join us in reality. We want REPUBLICANS to work with DEMOCRATS to control this psychotic administration
surprise senator, Democrats ARE Americans
Townhalls to meet real people work too
Americans don't cooperate with constitution and U.S. Code violating traitors.
a Trump poll?
poll: Texans ashamed of John cornynhttp://m.txdemocrats.org/press/texans-on-john-cornyn-ted-cruzs-vote-for-betsy-devos
not true!
listen to your constituents
Just like the republicans worked with Obama. You get what you give.
Americans want an independent investigation into WH/Russia connections, conflicts of interest AND we want to see tax returns.
I want you to denounce the election intervention, the diatribe on the free press and the wall! I am watching you!
and we wanted Republicans to work with Obama... what's your point??
Then stand up as a leader and extend your hand! Put TX and USA above rhetoric and party allegiance.
while sharing polls, would u be happy 2 share all of the polls showing Trump w/ historically lowest approval ratings 4 new prez?
, you work for us. You forgot that when you voted to confirm DeVos. We won't forget.
Americans want Flynn and Russian connections to trump investigated
Did GOP listen to the same poll 8 years ago?  Really, Maj Whip, surely U can do better. Independent prosecutor now.
what we want is politicians who listen.
poll: Americans want competent members of government, you are going to have to go. #AssHat #TheResistance
and we would like the Republicans to work for the American people! #Resist
Pardon me Senator. I want the president and you to work with all those who hold other points of view & other party affiliations.
Obviously fake news When is your next town hall meeting?  Lots of us want to talk to you.
he has done and turn a blind eye to all his lies. There needs to be oversight. #votehimout2020
yea how about rep work with dems. Listen to your constituents. By dems working with trump doesn't mean ignore all the crazy
americans want republicans to work with trump and defeat democrats and rhinos....americans dont want democrats and rhinos policy
When is the town hall? I'm tired of canned emails and talking to message takers. #TownHall
also, that poll is garbage. It buffs his approval ratings by about 10 pts. Make no mistake, we fucking hate him.
No, we don't. We want the president [sic] to not be a fucking idiot. That would seriously be major progress...
Nope
voters won't forget
then you next in 2020
where is the Town Hall John. And why not listening to constituents. Have you gone rogue? Mid-terms 635 days away. Cruz first.
We want you to make Trump behave legally.
they also want to see Trump tax returns
I did my own poll and Democrats also want you to hold a town hall.
where were you when it was time to work with Democrats?
Americans also want DJT to tell the truth but that hasn't happened.
try again! We depend on them to stand up to him since you obviously won't. If you'd stop avoiding your constituents you'd know!
“voters want Trump and Democrats to compromise..." Compromise is different than his "it's my way or you are fired" rhetoric.
Texans want you to work for them and have a townhall.
Nice try! Read the entire article. True, they don't want obstructionism like GOP, but polls get worse for Trump later article.
When he does something other than confabulate and incite terrorism, I'd be happy for Democrats to work with him.
Not this Democrat, Senator. I want you to keep our country safe from him. #Texan
in areas of agreement... if not then no
let's discuss at your next town hall. When and where?
don't ignore the flip side: am equal number want @realDonaldTrump  to work with democrats. Haven't seen much of that so far.
Hi @JohnCornyn I'm your constituent and I want you to work with me. Let's try that first, k? Thx.
Honestly, why do Congress-persons keep posting things they clearly haven't read? #factsmatter #lyingliarswholie
just as soon as Russian intelligence mole is out of the picture John
Americans wanted Republicans to work with Obama.
Work with a delusional man destroying my country, attacking free press, & threatening the judiciary? No #RepublicansOwnThisMess
won't happen. They are SICK! Stop trying. They haven't/won't work w/our side! Get it through your thick scull:CHANGE New Game!
investigate Russian ties to the Trump administration. Dems should hold his feet to the fire.
they also wanted GOP to work with Obama but GOP wouldn't. GOP made this bed of obstructionism now they have to sleep in it.
And I wanted you to work with Dems re: Garland
Senator if not mistaken the same polls wanted Republicans to work with #Obama This tit for tat has to STOP

@GOP
@TheDemocrats
they wanted the GOP to work with Obama too, but you all chose to stonewall. Being leaders goes both ways.
When is your town hall?
for years, I thought I had a reasonable senator and a partisan know nothing. I was wrong. You and ted are cut from  same cloth.
wait are these the same polls that said hillary was gonna win?
Town Hall! Town Hall! Town Hall!
Not the Americans (GOP/Dems) I know. They don't want YOU to work with his insanity. Answer your phone!!
Texas voters from every party want what's best for our country. We'd love to discuss this at a town hall.
they didn't ask me!  I'am a former Republican who will never vot for you again if you continue to support tRump's regime
Poll: Americans want Trump to work with Democrats.  #semantics #wordordermatters
