Forget death panels. If Republicans pass this bill, they're the death party. https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/877967631734538242 …
Just a reminder that you don't have a right to health insurance
Can we agree that people should have to right for decent and affordable health insurance?
No, you have the right to get a job, earn $ & pay for your insurance. You don't have the right to someone else's services.
Healthcare is as much of a right as police protection, fire dept protection, military protection, an education, or the right to an attorney.
With the exception of education, those services pertain to the  ACTUAL role of government. That's why their salaries are paid by tax $
No, you're wrong. Nothing in Constitution about government providing police & fire protection, a standing military, or hiring attorneys.
A criminal defendant's right to an attorney is found in the 6th Amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which requires the assistance of counsel
Constitution doesn't require govt to pay a lawyer. Attorneys were required to take pro bono cases. Role of govt is whatever we decide it is.
I think it's 
Don't care what you think. Healthcare policy is complex & serious. If your into games, stay off Twitter.
You retweet Joy Reid… save the lecture Toby 
Sorry, just the facts here, Cletus.
Facts....did you even read the bill hon?
Any "bill" that cuts or phases out Medicaid is cruel & heartless. Have you seen what health insurance CEOs make per year? Sit down.
Sorry hon, you don't get to tell me to sit down. Spare me your hysteria. Read the bill, get some knowledge...then come back...
Is it really hyperbole? Cuts to coverage will lead to deaths happening earlier than with appropriate care in some cases. Seems like killing.
Were there similar deaths when Obamacare was introduced?
Did people lose their Medicare & Medicaid benefits? No. There were states that exercised waivers and failed to accept extensions.
I guess you aren't going to answer my question then
I did answer your question. The answer is No. No one died as a direct result of losing Medicare or Medicaid coverage because of ACA.
"This policy will result in death" is stating a fact. "This policy will result in death so we should kill its authors" is violent rhetoric.
Criticizing ideas, even in harsh terms =/= advocating violence. If you don't know this, you are not ready to debate in public.
Hmm Dems: we need better health care that covers more citizens... GOP (NRA): we need less restrictions for people to own more guns
How's that maternal death rate in your state, sir? Yes people die when you cut their ability to get care.
@JohnCornyn If it looks like a killer tax cut, barks like one, and literally kills poor folks, why not call it a killer tax cut?
And the people harmed or who die from your monstrous bill WILL be on your hands
You'd think Republicans were going to go around shooting people or something.
Blocked by progressives? Good idea-bye bye
You're right, Democrats are hypocrites for caring about people. Republicans win by lying through their teeth to spew party line soundbites.
It's a mystery why Republicans keep winning these elections. If only we kept screaming a bit more as to how hateful and uncaring they are
From people who supported a candidate that told supporters to take protesters out on stretchers & he'd pay their legal bills
Democrats are the new fascists. But Republicans never open their mouths to sell their policies, defend them, & call out the lies.
Don't forget Depp's comments as well.  These people have a morality chip missing.
Causing death be removing care is what it is
How can you make a joke about a Bill that will lead to people's death?
I don't really see the joke here. That's exactly what is happening. Might as well own it Duke.
The problem is it's true.  This bill will affect the most vulnerable.  Killers.
Tweaked for accuracy:

Dems last week: Leftist attempts to murder Republicans.

Dems this week: Republicans are murderers.
Kudos to Cornyn on finding a 19 year old boy to exploit for his nasty healthcare bill.
@HillaryClinton You are irreverent. Please go back to the woods. NOBODY cares what you think.
Republicans last week: OMG Dems are such snowflakes!
Republicans this week: OMG didn't hear what they said?!..
Shoe fits.
.I don't agree with your politics, Ben, but this isn't a dumb joke. It's a good point. The kind that allows for healthy debate. Thanks!
Ah.  Picking and choosing context and history. An old GOP standby.  Because those things are so absolutely similar.  Dick.
Has anyone posted the dictionary definition for rhetoric? I feel like a lot of folks, @JohnCornyn included could use one.
Her statement is not "rhetoric."  It is accurate.
After a brief pause, the Hellbent, butt-hurt Dems are back to lighting up their crazies again with their inciting irresponsible rhetoric!
There is a difference between pointing out when legislation will literally cost American lives and "joking" about murdering people.
Wait: aren't Democrats the abortion party?
They probably figured human decency would kick in...nope!
Obama care is so high that many could die because they can't afford to go to Dr.  After  paying premiums.  All government needs our care
Well the truth hurts?
You are vile. There is an obvious difference between violence directed at people you disagree with an pointing out consequences of a bill.
Hey Ben, I see you retweeted me! You might be confused- I was saying YOU (and my senator) are vile!
She likes politics.
And cats!
Sad to say it’s true.
You lost. Beat it HRC.
If you can't see the difference between inflated rhetoric and literally leaving people to die....shut up
@HillaryClinton You just don't know how to shut up do you? didn't Obama STEAL $ FROM old people (medicare) to prop up "ACA". O didn't care!
Wherein states function as labs for democracy:
That's not rhetoric...that's what will happen. Do you see the difference? Totally different than this:

As a cancer doctor, I know that stopping chemotherapy for an insurance block is extremely dangerous, will absolutely lead to more deaths. https://twitter.com/Mikel_Jollett/status/877933221656223744 …

It actually will cause people to die. So no one can talk about that?
Death from lack of healthcare isn't violent....but who cares about truth when you can be republican.
Partisan Cornyn tweeting partisan garbage
"we need you to lie about what we're doing or people will shoot us"
Its called the Johnny Depp philosophy for women and non liberal political leaders
GOP #DeathCare reporting changes were last seen under GOP controlled Congress & WH in 1921-1933 to support eugenics=withheld treatment=death
Conflation award of the year goes to....
Both true.
They are literally killing people. No healthcare or insufficient healthcare means death; it is not exaggerating. Access is not coverage.
In Texas our hateful gov/lt gov @GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick have already refused Medicaid funds, under trumpcare they are ready to deny more
In Texas this is literally killing people by officials claiming "Christian " values
Look up the word rhetoric in the dictionary
Can't blame the Dems for GOP actions. Mitch could have listened to Protestors in wheelchairs instead of
What changed is the release of the details of the bill - NOT - the legitimacy of the Democratic position. You DO see this, yes?
demented dems
Now you know those freaks have short memories if they were conservatives you know they  would have meant what they said
Two logically consistent and truthful statements.
Best response so far!
Good try
New platform of DNC. Vote for us or the Nazis will get you
And HRC could have avoided all this mess with just a few words.Instead her and obama are pouring gasoline on the flames they started to burn
OMG Hillary spoke the truth and how it a big crime GOP is now the death party Enjoy you tax cut
Not to mention her support of partial birth abortion...
Says the supporter of partial birth abortion... https://twitter.com/HillaryClinton/status/878366918243233792 …
Wow this tweet is dumb
Nah, yours is.
@JohnCornyn it's not rhetoric if it's true.
Maybe R's should try not actually threatening the lives of so many of their constituents...
You guys are so hysterical. Not as in funny; the other kind.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
The shoe fits.
For Ben & Mr Cornyn: There's a difference between political rhetoric and TRUTH. TRY learning that. I know learning is hard for GOP though!
Stop projecting.
How's about Benghazi Mrs. Clinton
If you believe the research, people will die if you take health insurance away from millions
Well, research and basic common sense.

If people can't afford coverage, the don't get care and the sick or old die before they would have.
To be be fair she lost her election so she is now just a private citizen...with shitty personality
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Capitol Police are physically removing protesters who are staging a "die-in" in front of McConnell's office 
Sundowners syndrome
I'm at a loss. Don't dems preach and vigorously practice abortion?
