If you back this the way it is, you're out next election cycle. Would you want your loved ones on this? #MakeAmericaSickAgain
where is the millions in tax breaks for the ultra rich
The only reason you guys want to "repeal/replace" instead of just "repair" is so you can claim it's a GOP bill
It is a bad idea. Not good for Texans. Texas the lowest insurance coverage of all states. Over a million who depend on #ACA
give us your health care anything less is unacceptable
#Ryancare gives money to insurance execs while taking coverage from poor. #MakeAmericaSickAgain
Once again, sir I am deeply ashamed of you.  Repeal is fine.  Having no backup plan is irresponsible.
#ShortSighted #Healthcare
as a constituent I want you to know that I do not agree with this proposal. It does not make sense. Need an explanation.
AARP, AMA, Hospitals, Seniors, sentient voters ALL know this is a giveaway to Big Ins. Has zero to do with healthcare. CROOKED.
I guess you don't want it to be easy to read - you couldn't rotate it 90 degrees? We know that it cuts taxes and support.
what an appropriate representation of your colleague's side-handed attempts to slip this past the American people.
, you're right, Obamacare is real.  Your "replace" part, not so much.
We need GOOD healthcare such as available in Canada, England & the rest of First World.  Make America Great As Them!
don't forget 6 Russian with foreign affairs ties to America have been assassinated since the election. Investigate Russia-gate!
Your constituents are not in favor of this bill. You work for us. Quit ignoring those who gave you everything you have.
Only alternative we have is to vote for someone who is willing to work for the ppl not against us.
what does "reinstated deduction for healthcare executives" mean exactly?
So 1 Rep thinks poor people don't want health insurance, 2 Rep doesn't want to pay for a woman's birth control pills. Oblivious
This can be better. Don't throw the mentally ill under the bus. The consequences for nation will be devastating.
Subsidies by age range are going to tax the elderly the most, who need more health care and often make less.
Thank you for thinking about us Boomers and Gen-Xers.
I'm a Gen-Xer too. :)
60 votes? Or Rules "pkg" agreement to: drop cloture to 51; enact R&R with 51; restore to 60; make cloture Rules
(changing cloture) subject to cloture themselves?
Hey John, what about mental health care? Strides were being made, big guy. Then you give guns? What could go wrong?
Your going to cause the suffering of millions of Texans.  Shame on you. You've forgotten that you work for us and not Rep. party
Providing access to care through Medicaid for pregnant women SAVES money by preventing poor neonatal outcomes
Is this the new #TrumpNotCare health bill?
ummmm NO
Where is the humanity & the Christian quality of mercy in the AHCA?  Totally absent.  The suffering & deaths of so many on you!!
is a rethuglican puppet
I'm not too happy with RyanCare, but I've 87 pages yet to read. His closed door approach pissed me off. Just like Pelosi.
why are the individual mandates being removed and what does it mean that the prevention fund is being removed? Why defund PP?
Or perhaps you expect to lose the House/Senate majority by 2020, so you hope to roll out a doomed plan then and blame it on Dems
Dear John,  whoever is doing your tweets is at least trying.
why do republicans hate the poor and middle class?
Thanks for screwing your 50-65 constituents and heads are going to roll Sir John. Let's discuss at a #TownHall 75248
if you actually talked with your constituents you would know that we do not agree with this.
This tells me absolutely nothing! How much revenue these taxes are generating. Cost for insurance per income and age. Useless!
STOP THIS! We need you to stand up for Americans' healthcare needs.
pass ACHA now
why exactly does it have to defund planned parenthood? And will everyone have coverage?
how about you have a town hall and you can go over the CBO score on the bill with your constituents and explain why this is good
I'm still waiting for ur detailed analysis starting with the tax break given to those earning 200k and up while middle gets nada
Abridged version of the House Obamacare repeal and replace summary: 
that bill will raise costs substantially and tens of millions will lose coverage.  Sad!
this is not the full document.  You are a coward for not showing it all.  It is a disaster!  Is this a deflection?  All rubbish
See, this summary, with its cleverly emphasized sections, doesn't change that it's a way for the GOP to deprive vital care.
Those deprived are going to be everyone but the rich and healthy, which is a segment of society that will shrink.
ESPECIALLY if @PPact loses funding - for many, that's their only access to essential preventative care.
pls stand against any bill that gives any further tax cut to insurance co.
#TownHall. Your denial of your constituents is beyond ridiculous. #Trumpcare is great for our aging population #DoYourJob
Please have one of your staffers show you how to edit pictures before you tweet them. I'm 58. You can learn, too.
You know you could have scanned it and made a PDF a lot more readable than this and tweeted it. Do you support this? I DON'T.
and what are your thoughts, Senator? It seems the majority of the country and even the Healthcare industry hates it.
You're as good a photographer as you are a senator.
shame on all of you and your disrespect for US. You have that for your care and we will take yours. Shame on your greed frauds
so the old & poor get screwed. Typical GOP. PS- when is the town hall? When is Sessions resigning? #Trumpcare #PayMoreForLess
Did you notice that old people can be charged 5 times more than young people? The ACA limited premiums to 3 times more. Why?
Offer no healthcare to anyone who needs it. Ur plan sucks
Real as opposed to fake, I guess? I'm assuming you meant repeal. #youarenotlistening
@All100Senators @SenBennetCO @SenCoryGardner just a wild guess, but I'm thinking MOST CO voters NOT going to like #GOPNoCare
I want investigation into decline in ACA choice in Texas. Likely hostile political environment. I have sources to tap into.
@HedgeyeHC FYI
.@JohnCornyn Yeah, here's my summary of the disaster of a healthcare plan by the GOP: "Obamacare Lite - costs more, covers less" Drink up!
- as self-employed single mom in my 50s, is this a good plan for me? No, it's not. AARP against it with good reason. #NoAgeTax
just go ahead JAM it down our throats & as long as you have ur insurance! Who cares about the rest of us peasants! 
.@JohnCornyn Please buy a graphics editor and learn how to use it.
Quicker summary: makes health care cost-prohibitive for sick, poor, & elderly; lines the pockets of insurance cos. & the rich.
only needs one column, one bullet, one word: SURRENDER
how much do the Healthcare Insurance executives make per year, on average, plus bonuses?
heard today a lot of medical professionals are concerned about the new plan, how are their concerns being met?
.@JohnCornyn 
We will not forget what you did
If you want this to pass, we need in person Town Halls to explain your reasoning to your constituents. Come and answer questions
Tow that party line Johnny boy. Grow a backbone or go down with the ship.
TRUMPCARE If the GOP won't refer to the ACA by its name to demonize it, fair to call this by its real name too
No thanks.
it's not good enough for Republicans or Democrats.  Try again
make good in history, john.  This will be a blight on you.
why is the poor and the elderly are going to pay more?
.@JohnCornyn Again your constituents are unhappy with how you represent us. Are you listening? #TXVoter78628
i have many questions: why are you guys passing this without saying how much is this going to cost? Why tax cuts for the rich?
= coward and fraud.
Is it good or bad?  Is there a Senate version.  #FullRepeal is better?
#Trumpcare is still an entitlement program. You should be 100% against it. Yet, As a party first hypocrite you love it. Sad.
Sir, all I see on here are tax credits for rich and defacto death panels for working poor! Fix the ACA. Please don't kill me.
At first glance, what are your biggest concerns? For me,  30% increase in premiums for those w/o ins for 63 days is a red flag
exacerbates existing problem of premium rates, and was an early, consistent complaint by GOP re: Obamacare.
why delay the Cadillac tax and not eliminate it?  Also is there a way to get government out of healthcare as much as possible?
Hurts the old, the poor, & the sick: the GOP trifecta. Bonus: tax cuts for the rich. #Idiocracy
Lies. Only benefits wealthy and insurance companies.
Yes he does completely ignore his constituency in favor of money. When & where  is your next town hall?
If I turn my neck and strain my eyes to read this, I will need more medical care.
ya'll are fucking up our great country
Just say no. #NoScoreNoVote
YUUUUGE mistake. @GOP actions and @realDonaldTrump buckling will ensure revolution continues
4. This plan is predatory. Shame on the GOP..
You have lost all credibility if you support this horrible plan. Your poor constituents that you harm with this will remember!
2. Tanning tax repeal? Have you ever heard of melanoma? Tax is intended to help reduce cancer rates, similar to tobacco tax.
Bad ideas in summary form. #trumpcare is for insurance company profits. Do better.
1. A  lot of breaks for corporations and  rich people here, not much for the rest of us. 50-60 year-olds will be shellacked.
Start calling it TrumpCare John.
Where are the charts showing how much it costs for everyone? What coverage people get? How those costs compare to ACA's costs?
- creating a plan that cares for no one is nothing to be proud of. This plan is a joke and ur quickly becoming one. #uworkforus
.@JohnCornyn $200K tax cut ea. to richest .1%, punishes elderly & poor, millions lose coverage. #Trumpcare is the embodiment of greed.
"Lose" is too soft a word. More accurate to say R's are taking coverage away. Revoking our legal protections.
If u present something that helps the poor &mc I will gladly support it. This does not. It seems to only help the super rich
Nearly every major medical group and even the Heritage foundation have come out against this legislation. Your iq is showing
Summary: screw the poor. Let them die. There, I shortened it for you.
Senator, why are you determined to ignore your constituents? :( Do you even care about us?
No he doesn't.
I also like how you wait until 2020 so you can try to blame the Democrats when you lose. Own your terrible plan.
tax cuts for the rich, benefit cuts for the poor and middle class. Standard GOP fare.
Aren't the @aafp @AmerAcadPeds and @AmerMedicalAssn all against this bill? Seems important to remember that.
Can we repeal the GOP bill and start over? It's horrible... Get Gov't out of healthcare period!
you seem to have left off of that the part where Insurance execs who make more than $500K get a tax break.
It does say "deduction for executives" maybe that's it? It's framed so you don't see how ridiculous it is.
I'm not seeing the summary of the number of people who will die because they've lost coverage and are priced out by this bill.
nothing real about it
It is NOT repeal and replace. It's cutting around the edges. Be a Texan...have some balls and do what was promised.
that's great there John but could we get that in like a Pdf?
How much will it cost and who's going to pay?
the Mexicans
Tax cuts against my #Medicare? A Losser
basically it's like Obama care for the rich and the insurance companies. Thanks
Yes. Thank goodness someone's finally making sure the rich & the insurance companies get their fair share. 
poor rich people. They never get a fair shake.
is the rotation symbolic or something?
stop sending links!  Tell us if you support this bill or not!  Better if u  hold town hall instead of hiding behind RT's
