Yeah! Now back to doing shit that would horrify Jesus! #MAGA
So @realDonaldTrump golfing every week is okay, but @BarackObama golfing was not okay HAHA can we get the racist old white farts out?
Really?Are all republicans Christian?What happened to separation of church &state.Oh, you don't believe in that. But let's screw poor&aged
Jesus would not approve of your party.
Ever heard of separation of church and state??
Hypocrites and thank your stupid "potus" for scaring the crap out of us lying about NK so we had visions of being BBQed over Easter!
Please remember that Jesus was a champion of the oppressed and merciful to the poor and loving toward single mothers.
A vote for @ossoff is a vote to end this idiotic party!#FlipThe6th  #ImpeachTrump
TOO BAD HE'S HAD NO IMPACT ON YOUR ACTIONS OR VALUES!!  DO ON TO OTHERS!! - DUH!!??
It is time for the GOP to protect and speak out for Christians!
So much for the first amendment.
And he took one look outside, saw the mess you all have put the US in and put the rock back immediately....
if he'd forseen that we would have elected Trump he wouldn't have bothered.
Act like Christians and help the less fortunate like Jesus.  He did not help the rich
Release trumps taxes
So, will there be equal messages and posts for every other significant religion observed in the U.S.?  For some reason I think not.
Thanks and hope you had a happy Easter
Oh I know! He was a black man in charge of you! God forbid, only white people should be in charge of black men! #removetheGOP #impeachtrump
Yes, and he's not happy with your recent behavior. #JesusHoldsYouAccountable
Then follow his teachings about the poor, the hungry, immigrants.
GOP hypocrites! Love & Respect God by loving & respecting ALL Gods children & b guardians of beautiful Earth not destroyers
HE is the One who said feed hungry, thirsty, care for prisoners. SO what he'd tell us to do with immigrants? Kick them out? Imprison?
Y'all have constituents who do not share this belief. Don't care?
Keep your religion out of my government.  Do your job. Impeach trump or lose your jobs
Now can we get y'all to stand up for Americans and not for party?! FFS!!
Guys,what did you do to help West Papua people to get freedom?Will you help these innocent people to get liberty?Do more justice for them!
You only tweet about Christian holidays?
Not sincere since all of you are satans minions
Separation of church and state mother f'ers respect it!
YES HE IS!!!
.@SenateGOP - Who's "he"? (Ie, Is this really necessary or appropriate?)
"He" is irrelevant to your jobs as Public Servants. Pls refrain from letting your beliefs cross over to your jobs governing a secular nation
Poor people die on the cross for the GOP's sins
@JohnCornyn I hope he doesn't require clean water, family planning services, or health care, cuz he is poor!
Time to consider His teachings carefully in how your actions affect the people you are supposed to represent.
Yes and God will forgive you if you repent and start caring about people over your pocketbooks Amen
Aren't there any non-Christians among the Senate GOP? I'm a Christian and I find this inappropriate.
Exactly what I thought
If he actually was watching he would not see you as a follower. You have hijacked his teachings.
Amen!
This post clearly points out that @gop governs on the Christianity platform & think it's okay 2 jam it down throats of those who don't agree
Government based on myth.
So much for separation of church & state.
https://ffrf.org/news/day 
It would really be miraculous if @POTUS would release his tax returns
You folks in the Senate must make this EASTER special. And keep it going all year.
A msg brought to you be the party that wants to play god with your vagina, boobs and future
What are you thinking?  We have separation of Church and State in this country.
Who?
Yes Trump did rise from his golden bed this morning unfortunately-there's always tomorrow
#FairWeatherChristians #GOP
Now, you should rise above your prejudice
Happy Easter to you also.  But remember that Christ wants us to love & care 4 each other all the time, not just on Easter.  Think about it.
So, about the First Amendment....
Yes, he is going to put the house in order trough President elected Trump. The eagle has waken. God, Country, Family and Freedom 
There is nothing Christian about you!
Vote Republicans out of office, they are using pro life and religion to get your vote.
Our Lord & Savior Jesus Christ should always be FIRST in all we do & say. It would do us well to remember this!
Hypocrites!
#HEisRISENindeed
Grammar!
#ShowMeTheTaxes: #TrumpEaster:
#HappyEasterDonald #GOLAYANDEGG Happy Easter To Mr.President  And His Republican Party Administrative Members. 
"[It] is easier for a camel to go through the eye of a needle than for a rich man to enter the kingdom of G-d."
-- Matthew 19:24
you are government not a church, do your job. I am not interested in what you beleive but what you do. Get off knees & do yor job
As I said before, I pray that the risen Christ will inspire you to change your ways and help the poor and middle class in stead of the rich.
Take out the treasonous traitors in the @WhiteHouse - Nepotism and racketeering have risen! #ImpeachTrump #TaxMarch #EmolumentsClause
A bunch of hypocrites! He has risen -- not for your benefit only...Happy Easter!
Pharisees 2017, suggest you apply the spirit. Try thou shalt not lie, Love one another, what you do for the least of these #JesusWasAHippie
Well it won't save your souls but oh I remember you have none, just pretend you do for the votes.
Wow. Blatant pandering to your religious base. And what about separation of church and state? And wht abt the fact tht this is a fairytale.
Thanks, theocrats.
What?  @POTUS got a bill through the senate or something?
TY Senate Republicans..thats very thoughtful #ResurrectionSunday
it's the only thought they have. Sacrifice someone else for their saving. FYI thats us on the cross for them.
Happy Easter
#TebowWatch
