am I really supposed to wince in horror from this? I just imagine some poor woman trying to stay warm and safe
I just imagine some poor American unemployed cause that poor woman took his job illegally.
you really don't feel sympathy for that woman when you look at the bed?
I don't.  There is a path to legal immigration, the path that I took when I came here.  Illegals are ruining US
and they were some of the nicest people I've ever met
your really willing to put American safety in jeopardy for the opportunity to give a few foreigners a better life?
charity starts at home.  And I'm going to take care of my own before I even think of taking care of somebody elses
fair point, I just believe in treating everyone with compassion. That means caring for both immigrants and americans
Your voters want to talk to you, why won't you address our concerns? Quit the political posturing and come out!
You mean a church? Your state senator @MarkDavis @MoveOn @GregAbbott_TX
Poor butt hurt Baby Killing Liberals want to talk...Lmao..To Hell w/them they should talk to Obama its his fault Dems are done
*an
or as we like to call them, a house.
What are you trying to say, Senator?
please explain??  Your tweets are not making much sense.  Please provide some context
. No Ban. No Wall. Everyone is Welch. We are all immigrants. Love your neighbor as yourself! #NoBanNoWallNoRaids #NoBanNoWall
neither you nor your office have responded to my e mail. When are you going to hold a town meeting?  constituents want to meet u
And purpose for showing picture is...??? Could be anywhere. Will be students' future housing with vouchers. #ResistCornyn2020
I would be happy if you put 1/10th the effort they expend to improve their lives into being Senator for Texas not GOP #DoYourJob
#ResistCornyn2020
Put $ toward making immigration reform and clearing a less expensive way to citizenship. Oh and #ImpeachTrump for #treason
um, yes, what treason?  Are u high or just dumb?  I doubt you even know what you are talking about.
You're doing a GREAT job, senator. Please keep in mind you, & other GOP, are targets of professional Twitter astroturf hitjob.
I truly think it is hilarious that you think we are "professional" twitter hit jobs! Grow a brain!
I see a pile of...linens?
When is your town hall?
*an
I find it absurdly funny when people correct Cornyn's grammar. 
It's funny when @JohnCornyn shuts off his phone lines & hides while confirming a Secretary of Ed who wouldn't know the difference.
all these people showed up to meet with their Senator.
let's go door to door on everybody see what we can find Oh that's next cool
- you People are nuts. The Government is finally doing what it should've been doing all along. It's called following the LAW.
Compare number of likes to the number of angry replies to this. . .time to have a town hall. #OutOfTouch
calling it a stash house is offensive and  racist on about 13 different levels.
We could discuss immigration at a town hall. Your constituents have some great ideas to share with you.
When u going to hold a townhall John? Everyone is really eager to tell you what they think about the job you're doing.
#ResistCornyn2020
Great. Now get back to Washington and do your job.
Is this the children's bed? What is this photo? More explanation please.
*an; stop criminalizing all immigrants
Improve the immigrant vetting process so they can become productive citizens and support the US. Please, very important
I don't know what this picture is supposed to show, but I am for broad immigration reform. 77008
is the entire @GOP purposely committing grammar mistakes?
Really?  Think it could be staged for your pathetic photo open?  You should be at town hall meetings. #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
What point are you trying to make here? I genuinely don't understand, and I don't think I'm alone.
at *an* immigrant stash house
I'm guessing this is for political effect....it is sad!! Fix immigration not a wall
There are American citizens who live in conditions more deplorable than this. But ur Plutocrat Party will give tax cut to 1%.
put on a fresh set of depends and head over to the town hall meeting
stuff?
an*
Ihad a placelike that in 1974.
why don't you work on getting clean water in flint ? Or the flooding in California
Your compassion is underwhelming and unimpressive. What you need to do is show up and talk to us at town hall
You are just ridiculous!
Why are you avoiding a town hall?
Your constituents are trying really hard to be cordial and you ignore them. Then you tweet this like a fool.
this has to stop  .. protect our borders and States must obey the law
and how is this a good thing?
When is the next #TownHall?
town hall.  Russians
They have KITCHENS, and BEDS!?!  I may need a change of depends!!
when are you going to meet with constituents?
Any kids? Mom's? Grandparents? 

Any criminals?
to think these hard workers live in such conditions just to mow your lawn. Talk about the American Dream. What's your excuse?
“an” immigrant stash house. Wait. By “stash” do you mean people? You’re one of those good Christians, I bet, right?
Make Grammar Great Again!
were they going to smother 1000s with the blankets? Help me out here? Just looks like poor and afraid people live there .
town hall
When? Where? Were any Russians?
A friend suggested that you make it a crime for people that hire illegal immigrants.  Oh, but the would piss off your friends.
Would also put an immediate dent on illegal employment, and actually resolve a big part of the issue.
Of course, it also amounts to starving families out.
Real immigration reform is the only good solution.
check your grammar and your bias
It's *an*.
So what about it? Ppl are arrested everyday
when are republicans going to discuss internal enforcement to keep illegals from wanting to come  here in the first place
like punishing  businesses who hire illegals and remove the birthright citizenship for children born to illegals
Hey thanks for peeking out from under there. When is the town hall -- we would like to hear more about this..? @TexasTribune
Instaed of scapegoating immigrants, how about you meet with your constituents. Instead of CBP ridealongs, schedule a #townhall
to think... they use bedsheets and kitchen cabinets... the animals..
Don't you mean an *illegal* immigrant stash house? @JohnCornyn
To those bashing Sen. Cornyn. Texas is not a sanc state nor does it fund 'stash houses' for illegals. Border Patrol = get a clue
no immigrants want to pass through to Kinder states with Kinder folks
"an" immigrant
at AN immigrant stash house (whatever that may be). @BetsyDeVos certainly makes fast progress!
Texans need real immig solutions not campaign slogan governance. Plan better for all costs/aspects instead of just politics?
The stuff that comes out of your mouth is as ignorant as Trump.  Enjoy your last term!!
TOWN. HALL. Your constituents are pissed!!
Your so full of it! Show the "white" peoples stash house!  Racist! How about deporting "white" criminals.
-have treated immigrants like crap 4 decades. FULL implementation of eVerify is solution NOT stupid wall 
Town Hall Town Hall Town Hall
You want to see the faces of the Dreamers or DACA kids? Everyday you sink another level lower. #immigrants
hey what's up with Vitaly Churkin and the autonomy of our US government?
idk what you're showing us. Let's have a town hall so you can explain....
(illegal) immigrants.
Thanks for your service Border Patrol.
How about a town hall? You can borrow my grammar book.
I'd like to know your views on Trump/Russia, which is a much larger threat to US security and autonomy
what is your point? Serious question. I'm trying to understand the meaning of these pictures. We have illegal immigrants?
Would love to discuss immigration reform at town hall. Which is when???
@tedcruz  #TacosforTXTownHall I'll bring mild Verde salsa on the side. You clearly can't stand the heat.
Are you sure that isn't where a CPAC speaker spent the night?
#ResistCornyn2020
when is your next town hall?
3. as the man u morons voted into the WH . U guys days are numbered!
At a?  that's goodly
TOWN HALL THE PEOPLE DEMAND IT
you're invited to a massive Town Hall tonight at the @spiderhouse
here's the invite: over 170 RSVP'd, so we'd love for you to come listen to your constituents.
TOWN HALL!
2. done a immigration bill ppl wouldn't be going thru this shit. U&incompetent Republican comrades. U like chaos just as much
.@JohnCornyn if this doesn't make you feel compassion for, and a desire to help,  immigrants, there is something seriously wrong with you.
there are no caveats @JohnCornyn, there is something wrong with you, you're evil....
Why aren't u at a town hall dealing with your angry constituents instead of advocating for a BS ban on immigrants. If u MF
And your town hall is when, again?
