More #fakenews. Jesus... what 4chan member is writing your twitter?
seriously? This is...who gave you access to this Twitter
This plan goes out of its way to ensure everyone but the 1% are almost incapable of getting care at a good price.  Try again....
@MarkDavis YOU go into a TX risk pool. Been there done that almost killed me. You are cruel and selfish to condemn citizens to that hell
So maybe fix it because it's a good deal for the sick and old? Instead of throwing it out???
The only justification you have for hating it is that it was enacted by a Democrat. This was a Heritage Foundation idea, used by GOP in Mass
Romneycare, but the objectively selfish Ayn Rand wing of the GOP won't own that.
Oh? Like the left is so unselfish. They want  government 2 pay 4 everything so they dont have 2 help or feel guilty because they didn't.
Because it's selfish to ask a group of people to all contribute what they can to help the fringes that need help.
That's what u do when u ask govn to pay...that is taxpayers money but we have no choice who is getting it. Charities allow us to choose.
It was designed to FAIL so people would demand single payer! The best outcome is FREE MARKET with provisions to help the poor.
Hey! the FM gave texas a 1/3 uninsured pop and overtaxed medical system! That may be a Win in your book but not mine!
This is such an untruth, sir!
You're hilarious.  I seriously follow you for comedy
It's been great for me, actually. Thanks for asking.
TX:  @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz are cowards who won't meet with and ignore the wishes of the average citizen only serve donors.
Please mansplain what my generation wants & needs in healthcare. (spoiler: we want #obamacare!)
The insurance companies are free of blame obviously
It was a bad deal from the start because it was based on some bullshit from @Heritage Cut out the profit motive & do #MedicareForAll
Me: AHCA went out of its way to be a bad deal for women and the sick, denied coverage by "pre-existing" conditions.
And because states like Texas opted out of Medicaid expansion. The poor, the elderly and the disabled need it the most!
Trumpcare goes out of its way to screw the poor/working poor and those with preexisting conditions.
You need to start treating HC correctly. Not as a product, like an iPhone, that one can live w/o. But as a public good, like nat'l defense.
this is how insurance works! Stop giving tax breaks to rich at expense of muddle class and poor and elderly on fixed income!!!
BTW, WWJD to provide reasonable health care for those w/pre-existing conditions in TX? Let's see how TX acts. #Wealthcare
Would you @JohnCornyn be willing to trade your free taxpayer funded healthcare for the  trumpcare plan? If no then you shouldn't support it
So create a worse one?
So fix that problem rather than penalize those 50-65.
PS Conservatives are moral w/a big heart. We are more likely to help the poor w/medical issues than any democrat proposal ever!
#Wealthcare=a bad deal 4 everyone just 4 a tax cut 4 the rich! No CBO score! No way 2 make this a silk purse from a sow's ears. #sickophant
Our employer based system is NOT free market. ZERO political will to undo, but only way to bring down medical costs.
The Republican plan is evil. It WILL harm my little boy. I will NEVER forgive or forget what the @GOP has done. #trumpcare2
#ACHA is a bad deal for America. #healthcareforallAmericans?
It worked well in CA. Why???
It's supposed to be a deal for society as a whole, you nitwit. Stop pretending to care about the young; what you want is a tax cut.
Next from the Republicans: Social Security is a bad deal for the young, let's eliminate it. Cause you know this is coming next.
They also don't want to pay back nearly 3 trillion dollars stolen from social security.
Sadly, you're 24M people's best bet for healthcare now. PLEASE protect preexisting cond, you know @GovAbbott will waive them, & essential..
benefits. My sister's life is now in your hands. I know you're partisan, but pray you're not heartless like @tedcruz. Please be merciful.
Me: @JohnCornyn has gone out of his way to be a bad senator for Texas, even those who voted for him.
And AHCA makes the whole thing worse.  Increasing the number of uninsured makes it more expensive for all of us - basic economics.
Well, okay, but they did sign up.
Soooo....let's throw everyone to the dogs? Give up your health insurance and see how it feels.
I didn't sign up because Texas neutered the state marketplace; making all the costs outrageous for what amounted to 0 coverage.
Be a leader in a Seante full of shameless greedy SOB. Americans NEED healthcare and if this fails it will solely be on GOP
It's like you don't even understand how insurance actually works. But LYING? Hoo, buddy, do you ever understand how THAT works! 
You can huff & puff all you want but sooner (much sooner) than later, your house is going to fall.  History will not be kind!  #VoteNoAHCA
Now you are going to stick it bigly to the old and sick. We elderly folks will definitely remember come election day.
you really , sadly,  reveal your total ignorance of the foundations of civilization and society .Plus your ignorance of the issues...@txlege
You mean it was a bad deal for the wealthy. We will remember you Cronyn.
It didn't work because no personal accountability and segmentation. It was NOT universal did NOT average costs over whole population. Dems 
WSJ: FAKE NEWS.......or so the entire GOP including yourself have said.
Take the insurance companies out of the equation HR676
So your solution is to give much poorer coverage and subject people with usual extenuating conditions to horrific fees, and this helps how?
What exactly did you do to help improve Obamacare, other than refuse to negotiate. Stop blaming Obamacare.
Being a young person with aging family members, it benefits me  to support their ability to not go broke from a likely hospital visit
Exactly!!
Also are you going to look into why my homeowners insurance keeps paying for people's house fires when I have never had one?
If they didn't sign up, how was it a bad deal?
Trumpcare goes out of its way to be a bad deal for everyone except the young and healthy!
Maybe if u & ur pals hadn't been such obstructionists, there could've been a bipartisan version that worked better! But couldn't have that!
And now #Imapreexistingcondition thanx 2 you
Are you happy? Did you celebrate the upcoming death of millions? YOU'RE OUT
Because those turds would ride the gravy train and pass their costs onto the rest of us when they do get sick.
Healthcare costs rose more slowly since ACA took effect 
ACA met its major goal of getting more people insured.
That’s not a failure.
it's important to note you're quoting an OpEd, NOT news. Same author's written pieces denying climate change #consideryoursource
Good grief, are you really this obtuse or are you just spouting the party line? Young & healthy pay for sick, people w/kids pay 4 education
This is what insurance is-the whole group. GOP sabotaged ACA, plain & simple. Slow death, cutting the legs from it and vulnerable pays. 
What spectacular irony... You're clearly talking about tRumpcare.
Why do you hate Obama so much.? Why do you love and worship Trump like he is god ?
Why do you so hate middle class and poor Americans ? Why does only big money donors matter to you ? Why do hate women and children so much ?
I'm young and healthy - I still pay into it to subsidize old guys like yourself, because it's right.
Cheap useless insurance doesn't help anyone but insurance companies
It's called risk sharing John
would car owners have auto insurance if not required? wake up health insurance is more important.
Could you BE more clueless?
why can auto insurance be required, but not health insurance?
No young people think they're invincible. Also they don't have a lot of extra money because of student loans.
They didn't sign up because they don't need it, same reason they don't read the @wsj
Let us know when you are going to have a town hall, if ever, so we can tell you exactly how we, the people you represent, feel!!!
Vote this trump puppet out of office Texas! No humanity in his heart! He doesn't care about us!
ALL insurance is like that. The ones that don't use it help the ones that NEED help! It's the humane thing we do! House, car health the same
Republicans went out of their way to break ACA before they would vote for it. Self fulfilling prophecy.
Almost daily reminder that the WSJ is owned by the same company that as Fox News.
The plan should have gone further but now we'll go closer to what Australia has, what do they have its better than ours! oh single payer
Women on the committee. How they are not is mind boggling. Could senate be more obtuse?
And you went out of YOUR way to obstruct & provide no input or solutions to the most expensive and ineffective HC system in the world.
Pop quiz from YOUR civics lesson: When bad things happen to people, it's because of the choices they've made. True or False?
You & the orange vulgarian think  Americans are going to accept this steaming pile of crap plan without a fight. #bloodonyourhands #resist
Do these young people think they'll never get sick or they're invincible? Who pays for them when they get ill/injured and no insurance?
The current bill needs work, but this one may cause 25 million Health Center patients to go unserved. Please work with @NACHC @HCAdvocacy
Well my son is on it and has been a great deal for him.
So you think finding articles that back Your view will make us go away? How's that working?
Insurance is still a good idea for the low-risk members. #RepealAndReplaceRepublicans
GOP plan puts money in the pockets of the rich. #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE
#AHCA only benefits wealthy while removing health care for many millions of people. Worse deal than #ACA, which benefited 20M. #SinglePayer
And how about the older and sick? What about them?
Then Fix it! Trumpcare is nothing but a tax cut for your wealthy old white cronies
We know who has you in their pockets! Sellout! #NoACHA
Smoke and mirrors
You guys lie so much about it you forget what insurance is. You are healthy until you are not.  Can't predict "healthy"
If you let people sign up only when they are not "healthy"  it defeats whole purpose of insurance.
Please go find someone who knows insurance and have them explain it to you.
So fix it! And while you're at it, force R led states to expand medicaid & FUND THE HIGH RISK CORRIDORS AGAIN.
Maybe tweet in another color if you have an original thought. You know, so we'll know ...
Healthcare shouldn't be a "deal" at all. It should be a right.
Hey! I'm young and relatively healthy, and I am willing to pay more now so that I can pay significantly less when I'm old and sick.
it's almost...logical. 
No John. The ACA went out of its way to spread risk. Don't be a dolt.
I legitimately hate everything about you.
It was designed to fail. Gruber/Obama goal was to rescue healthcare w/ single payer
ProTip:  The Young and Healthy aren't Young and Healthy forever.   That's why you make sure they have insurance, so they STAY that way.
Could you stop talking until you have something to say of value, something that helps people, a solution to a problem even!
Because insurance only works properly if everyone is insured; basic concept. See auto, home, GL, workers comp, etc.
This is a reason to repair it, not to repeal it and replace it with something that will leave millions more uninsured & hammer middle class
Issue a position on your framework 4 a successful plan, then hold town hall to discuss w us voters vs u talking to lobbyists!  Watching you!
I agree. But please don't throw baby out w/ bath water.  Americans need leaders who have the courage to fix it.  Counting on Senate to do it
Wrong Wrong  U better fix ACA 2020 U R a reverse Robin Hood steal from poor and middle class to give to ur Super Rich Friends Ur Sad Excuse
Before that law, cancer survivors like myself couldn't buy health insurance AT ANY PRICE.
You're only going to convince your base Trumpcare is a good idea. The rest of us know snake oil when we see it.
And how exactly does depriving 24 million people of health coverage solve this problem? Revise, don't repeal!
If you and the GOP weren't such ass holes, the ACA could have been worked on and made better. You just wanted to HATE a black President.
trumpcare  discriminates against every sector of society all will be adversely affected @indivisibletxjc @RepRWilliams
- 51 self-employed single mom w 2 c-sections & allergies in past. Why is Trumpcare helpful to me?
Universal coverage is the only realistic solution. Healthcare is a human right.
ACA needed many more young to lower premiums for all. That's how insurance WORKS.
Which is why it had mandates, which the GOP removed ASAP.
How can you justify voting for the AHCA? It lists "rape" as a pre-existing condition.
Hay Senator Cornyn, your bullshit is showing! Pull down your skirt!
And you did absolutely nothing to help improve it
- So Trumpcare will flip & penalize the older, sicker & poorest? MAGA? AARP, AMA, AHA & many others against AHCA w good reason
Dems won because health care is now locked in entitlement. ACA was built to fail resulting in single payer. Get ready4 20% health care tax
.@JohnCornyn

REALITY: #AHCA went out of its way to be a bad deal for 90% of American voting public, who didn’t sign up to treated that way.
And tell us oh almighty Senator...how is this bill going to benefit all Americans. And explain the huge tax cut to the wealthy in this bill.
Explain how a tax credit helps someone who already has no money, or how allowing ins cos to penalize ppl helps anything but the bottom line.
I will go out of my way to support whoever your opponent is 2020. 
Tool.
