ask for trump's tax records now. we need to know his debt and whether the russians have amply given him money
Idiot: https://travel.state.gov/content/visas/en/general/frequently-asked-questions/what-is-a-u-s-visa.html …
Whatever the pretense Lynch allowed her into the US her actions do not prove Lynch had prior knowledge of her intent to sell information.
Why are you normalizing the Supreme Leader's behavior instead of defending the Constitution and protecting your constituents? Man up already
Assuming this is rhetorical? @JohnCornyn hasn't done anything to show he cares about constituents. We can show him how much we care in 2020.
All my comms to @JohnCornyn @tedcruz and @RepRatcliffe fall on deaf ears. And yes, I'll be showing them all in 2018 & 2020.
Likewise do mine to the two Sens and @RepPeteOlson
Can you distance yourself from Texas?
U R Not SERIOUSLY going there? trying to help trump deflect from the crap hes mired in up to his eyebrows! History ain't gonna judge u well!
You have a weird fascination with past D leaders but say nothing about current R leaders who values lack what your party said it stood for
Pointing fingers since the GOP is complicit. Dems don't have majority anymore or did you forget? #25amendmentnow
John, do you think we'll ever prosecute any of these elected or appointed back to Paulson, Holder,etc?  Sure would go a long waycorrect/heal
THIS is what you choose to comment on? Where is your outrage about the actions of Trump Jr and Kushner?
Don't be silly. @JohnCornyn isn't outraged about that.
So you're implying the Russian lawyer is bad... you're getting as smart as the Trump admin, huh?
Ah, so the problem isn't that the Trumps cooperated with a hostile foreign power, it's that Obama didn't keep her out of the country? Yeah 
You. Are.  A. Ridiculous. Human. 
This falls under DHS jurisdiction not AG, as DHS has said. Just more propaganda bs that Trump picked up from Fox "News" and spread....
Cornyn be gone 2020 (or before if he's complicit)!
Why don't you focus on the real issue, deal with the Trump mess.  Stop trying to blame someone else.  You are more concerned about u & party
Yet Trump justifies his actions

Opinion: The GOP’s moral rot is the problem, not Donald Trump Jr. http://wapo.st/2usfyo4 
Somebody needs to give it all up for the sake of our once great nation. That person even if guilty will go down in history as the real hero.
When all is said and done and max damage has occurred we will see that this whole mess was a set up from the beginning. The deep state exist
Texans are sick of your deflection from our rights.Your vicious healthcare bill will afford payers little &gut Medicaid.Time to vote you out
Yeah, it's Obama's fault that this administration is totally lacking a moral or ethical compass. Your complicity speaks volumes.
You do remember Obamacare crap right now remember the GOP promise #FullRepeal 
Do you REALLY want to sully yourself further by acting as a surrogate?  #stupidshitGOPsays
And the Trump justice dept made a sweetheart deal with the Russian lawyer's client, so who's got the problem?  Quid pro quo??
Pointing fingers at red herrings does not change what happened. Don Jr. knowingly went to that meeting to collude with the Russians #Treason
Good story explains WHY she was allowed into the country, because a defendant wouldn't testify without his lawyer,her.Why did D jr meet her?
Let me get this straight..the trump administration could only collude with a Russian who was physically in the US.  Doesn't pass smell test.
Trump got into this mess all by himself.  Please stop looking for a scapegoat.  Christians don't harm others to save themselves.
"Hey guys, I'm gonna point to this non-issue about Lynch to distract you from my involvement with the absolutely heinous healthcare bill!"
I expected you to protect America not Russia or trump.  I expected you to NOT MAKE SURE ALL AMERICANS COULD HAVE HEALTHCARE!!! / 2
This plan is Deathcare 3.0.  So you are willing to kill People to give tax break to rich? Know all the poor people are NOT black /3
Will the KKK allow you to kill WHITE FOLKS? There is a lot of white folks on ACA.  Why can't there a bipartisan effort to fix ACA. /4
You and I know if ya'll repeal the HHS Slush Fund Elimination Act that will go a long way with stability of the marketplace and insurers.
Using that very same logic, it's okay to use the drugs that we allow into the country? I mean, the drugs are here, so it must be OK. Right?
What matters is what information was offered to Trump campaign and why. If its not criminal why try so hard to cover it up? Why tell us now?
Last thing: You do realize that soon YOU will be asked to protect us from Donald Trump.  What are you going to do when that time comes?
She did not meet with a foreign adversary to get Kremlin secrets.  We should boot out anyone who would tempt Trump from doing wrong?
You make me sick. Your politics are abhorrent. Your priorities are shameless. 2020 isn't soon enough. Resign your seat. #resign
I know it is fun to blame Dems, but have you considered demanding Kushner's sec clearance be suspended to you know protect the country?
How about the Russian money-laundering case dismissed by the CURRENT AG, pal?
You might as well say "Trump is holy and perfect in every way. I really really like everything he does.  What a great leader!"
How far into Trump's pocket U must be if towing this party-line tactic of distraction.  We have a President beholden to Russia. Big Problem.
So what's your point? Did Lynch also at gun-point force Donnie Jr. to show great enthusiasm for Veselnitskaya's proffer to collude?
Remind me how the Russian national anthem goes again?
And...?
https://www.texastribune.org/2017/07/11/russia-capitol-reactions/ …  

#lyingTed, #cronyCornyn
#titfortat
Senator, did you vote to confirm this person? And Holder who was later held in contempt of Congress?
How about addressing the real developing treasonous issue!? #DoYourJob
You need to be questioning Trump's family about their involvement.  Lynch is the former admin. I am worried about the current. WTH
She should be impeached. Oh wait...she's not President.
When you got into government did you envision becoming the eagerest toady for a maniac?
@POTUS claims to be interested in GOP healthcare bill, but instead will be pimping his golf course today.
Lynch didn't sit in a meeting to coordinate with a foreign adversary to dig up dirt on Hillary Clinton. Trump did. That is a fact.
@realDonaldTrump says if Lynch didn't let her near me I couldn't have sold out the country. It's all her fault right @JohnCornyn?

How A False Conspiracy Theory About The Russian Lawyer Who Met With Don Jr. Spread To Trump https://www.buzzfeed.com/salvadorhernandez/veselnitskaya-conspiracy-theory …
As ashamed I am that you "represent" me, your descendants will be appalled they were spawned by your corrupted loins.
#CountryOverParty
Your pathetic allegation comes straight from the sick Roger Stone playbook. You have no honor or credibility, Big Bad John.
#Complicite
Every story about TrumpCare seems to paint you as the villain.  Don't let that be your legacy.  You can do better than this.
Of course she does..what else would you expect from her...she lies more than she tells the truth....or she'll just plead the fifth.
Future headline - Texans distance themselves from Cornyn.
#LorretaLynch needs to be indicted & a host of others.  #Spineless @GOP have 1/1000 the #Patriotism #TrumpFamily has
And now we know Russian GRU officer Rinat Akhmetshin was also at jr.'s meeting so Jared will need to "remember" one more on his SF-86.
Whatever amount of money your getting for backing your party over country better be enough, Nov 2018 is coming fast and Texans will remember
Gorka says WH is considering giving back compounds to Russia because “we want to give collaboration” a chance. Comment John?
Can't wait to see you in handcuffs and stripes. #JohnCornyn is a traitor to the USA.
I thought for sure she would admit to this.... Oh I'm kidding. Did anyone think she would just cop to it? LOL.

GOP really in trouble on this one, huh? @JohnCornyn
Yes as Russell mentioned, please comment on why Jeff settled for 6mill on a 230mill case. Pay for play?
you finally tweet about the Russia thing, and *this* is what you have to say???  c'mon - grow a spine.
You've distanced yourself from the whole issue, care to comment?  On word, would you have taken the meeting, was the T administration wrong?
Cornyn and his fellow Republicans are shredding the Constitution in a last ditch attempt to save their party. THEY MUST GO.
At least Lynch *can* distance herself. 

Team Treason? Not so much.
Really John - this is all you got?  Someone needs to take your tweeter account away from you. You continue to embarrass yourself and Texas.
Resign #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA  #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This veteran is doing whatever she can to protect her son from the Republican health care bill 
@JohnCornyn  You took an oath to defend the US! Why are you not only letting this happen but saying it's ok?
You never actually read any article that you post. Next to Don the Con you are the least informed governemtn offical.
Demand Kushner's clearance be revoked. Full scale stink of collusion. It's our country, dammit.
You're definitely down with the sickness, Cornyn. I hope Mueller uncovers you all.
This is just scratching the surface of Loretta Lynch's shenanigans, just like Eric Holder before her.
will you and GOP and Trumps ever distance yourselves from Russia? SAD
Can we let the past GO!  new administration you wont even try to look at what they have do wrong in 6 months! #EMBARRASSMENT #work4TEXANS
You are starting to sound as bizzaro as the nut job in the White House and his 2 scoops of ice cream. Stop. You are ridiculous.
Explain this.  1. He shouldn't be there in first place-nepotism 2. He's also a lying liar.
House Approps has rejected an amendment to strip Jared Kushner of his security clearance. Party line vote. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OOILwIZ2yAY …
Why don't you guys investigate Hillary and Obama? Once again the Dems are just rolling over you republicans.
The problem is TrumpRussia connection not Obama, Hillary or Lynch. Do your job and stand up for American democracy. Texas deserves better.
Well, since she had nothing to do with it, that makes sense! 
Trumps blatantly lie to the American public for over a year, and you tweet this? Do us a favor, delete your account.
How about explaining how Jared and Sessions still have security clearances even though they LIED on their SF81 form?
John I thought u had some balls! Will u go after this corruption! PLEASE!
How about trump and McConnell making threats and offering bribes to get  Repubs to vote on the Trump Care bill?
And how about trump attempting to loosen the sanctions against Russia?
- This stream of partisan jabs from you is tiresome. Work across the aisle to fix ACA & get to bottom of TrumpRussia.
