REMEMBER: Everything trump touches dies
Oh John, John, John. You are ALMOST as tone deaf as your boy Trump.
I like you JoAnn! John has no ears.  He’s never once responded to any of our phone calls, emails, or tweets.
Well that's all he's good for. In every other way he is a horrible embarrassment to the nation. BTW do you really belong to the KKK?
When Trump wins, we all lose.
Only 3 years, 11 months, 3 weeks and 3 days till Texas can vote Cornyn OUT.
You're a coward and shouldn't be in Senate. Rubber stamping heritage foundation picks is tantamount to dereliction of your oath of office.
Disgusting.
Says senator who approved KNOWN shade-ster Tom Price and vouched for Sessions as a colleague. I've learned not to trust your endorsements.
Keep aligning yourself closely to Trump and his "winning"...you are on the wrong side of integrity, morality and history...
Are they NRA or Focus on the Family members....or both? No one gives a shit about Trump "winning" - it's about the nation surviving.  Loser.
I expect more from my elected officials, including a conscience. You tweet merrily along like all is well in this country. #outin2020
And Americans and justice keep losing. When are you going to put country before party & stand up to Trump? Boot you out #election2020
Some kind of concession to Cruz.  Willett didn't like Trump!
Is this a joke?

What are you going to do about the children who have lost their healthcare?  That's not #MAGA.
Winning is defined by putting hate and bigotry in offices? You have some real low standards.
Trump may be winning, but that means the rest of us lose. What's good for Trump is bad for the country.
Standing Together with My President Trump and Country
Nothing about the failure to renew #Chip and a plan to fix it? You know who isn't #winning right now? Women and children in Texas.
Tell that to the 9 million children that lost health coverage today because of your GOP...I'm sure they'd love to hear about nominees...
Are you srsly no going to comment on how truly evil @realDonaldTrump has been this week?  Do you believe Roy Moore is a good jurist? WASF
Great, another Federalist Society chump. You have #NoShame Senator. And I know you won't do this but #FirePai
Washington Examiner? Maybe you should read real newspapers.
This sounds good.
Anything Trump does is a pox on our society.  The people that stand idle & silent as he turns our society into turmoil are just as guilty.
Seriously?
Can’t wait to vote you out in 2020. Trump donated a trophy in our honor today? Please we need FEMA to step up.
Please explain                 WHY                         Congress misses deadline to reauthorize key children's healthcare program
I understand you only understand money so whatever is spoken on tweeter is beneath you but hear this Texans will vote you out!
The rest of the world calls it an attempt at #theocracy. You know the same damned complaint you have about every country in the Middle East?
Cornyn is a Trump groupie.
His constiuents have to make him pay in #2018
Cruz is 2018. Which we need to work on getting rid of too.
Trump is winning what?
His wins are America's losses.
You spelled LOSING wrong
That’s not a good thing you absolute disgrace
We don't want you to tweet every article you read.......
must be nice when the GOP isnt obstructing everyone....Remember how the GOP wouldnt let Obama fill SCOTUS seat...or DC Circuit?
oh yes so much winning. how's that ACA repeal going again?
when ?
He's literally destroying our country...but I guess your big $ donors are happy.
The people of America just keep #losing with the #dotard and his congressional cronies.
Judge Reed O'Connor aDA, AUSA, Fed Judge #lawman #Patriot
U clowns keep putting crooks in position that shouldn't be there. Evidently, goes with u ppl crook agenda!
Respectfully, Judge Reed O'Connor was somehow overlooked
You are out of your mind. Seriously. Resign, since you obviously have no intention of doing your job. #TurnTXBlue
And we keep losing along with our civil rights
What exactly has trump got on you?

You don't know what winning actually means do you?
Winning??? Really? You must be really desperate if you think you are winning! #republiKKKlanparty #traitors
You and Senate Master McConnell shamelessly stole these positions by delaying while Obama was president. Get ready for 2020, you’re out.
Trump wins, Americans lose. As is becoming the trend thanks to you and your cohorts.
So much winning.....yawn
On everything else, Trump keeps #whining
For judicial nominees, GOP just keeps on #supportingaracist
On US senators, Texans just keep on #losing
Please stop bragging about supporting POTUS, we do not like him or you at this point
What about Mateer?  Aren’t you thinking twice on that nomination?
Seriously?
@SenSchumer Not one of them is to go on the bench. All Trump nominees who do make it to the bench must be removed upon his impeachment!
If you think Trump nominees are "winning" you don't have my vote and I think you are clueless and without merit as a representative.
'Winning' to you means party over country. You and your GOP colleagues blocked President Obama's nominees. Exploitation isn't 'winning'.
And America keeps on losing...
1. Consider the source, 2. America is not "winning," 3. Trump's ship is sinking,  4. U r going down with it!
why do all Trump's nominees look like dipsomaniacs?
Spelling challenged aren't you... the you have it as winning bit it's WHINING!
And when this election proves to be a sham, then what? Will these appointments still stand? Losing!
Ah more judges to campaign for his minions is winning?! Corrupt more like it....
sycophant
You're really never going to do anything about this presidency are you?
he hasn’t won at a damn thing but being a white supremacist.  fm texas.
The Oath of Office was just words. Your Loyalty Oath to Trump involved kissing his ring and ass.
We won't forget.
We won't stop resisting.
Are you going to vote for the nominee who thinks trans kids are a plot by Satan?
No..nobody is winning expect for a small group of tone deaf creepy men. #resist #deplorableGOP
Was your account hacked? Is your judicial agenda worth the soul of our nation? Shameful!
Yes. Their agenda of white Christian supremacy, with a hearty dollop of plutocracy, is worth everything to them.
You make me sick. I can't wait to be part of voting you out in #2020. 
#TexasSenatorsLastTerm
#ImpeachTrump
Why didn't you put CHIP renewal up for a vote, senator?

TX Voter
Aren't we at one woman out of 40-some nominees?
You tweet divisive tweets (really? Wtf have you won?) with zero intent on responding to concerns. You are the problem. You'll be accountable
Winning for GOP causes like busting uniona while they collect from 1 precent passing out a dollar
I can't wait to vote you out of office.
Federalist Society picks. The President couldn't pick any of these out of a lineup.
Still waiting for Texas senators to comment, pro or con, on the President's Puerto Rico statements. Texans deserve to know where both stand.
Good luck with that.

This creep nor @tedcruz have the courage to stand up to  @realDonaldTrump   
#TexasSenatorsLastTerm

Brown noser. Come on man, act like a Texan!
People are dying in Puerto Rico. You let CHIP expire.  DREAM act needs to be passed. WTF aren't you talking about those crises?  #Immoral

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
& why doesn't #TrumpTaxScam look great for our most vulnerable families?
A few thoughts on this. I’m not seeing *anything* that benefits the lowest-income 35% of TPs, while the top 1% gets trillions of tax cuts. https://twitter.com/Goldfarb/status/913045734366248960 …

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/914274708509614080 …
