"That's a luxury we don't have" -@JohnCornyn when asked "don't some people want to know the plan before they vote" on health care.
How can a bill  (anything) be acceptable to a senator, if he doesn't have the "luxury" of knowing what it is (the final bill)?
It means they don't give a damn what we the people think.
Yes! A result driven by fear of other people! Imagine!!! I, cannot fathom the fear in r & followers. It is Extraordinarily complex!
Science has pretty much proven there is a huge difference between the brains of Democrats and Republicans. We can't understand them
I am aware of these studies, only aware, a weakness. Excuse length of this comment: The Jesuit journal in Rome strongly attacked the
Evangelical christians in US as fostering hate. Point is how they argued this, very well done. They based thought on the Manichaeans.
They were an odd group of religions. The big Point: This group Did not accept Gray - Black and White answers only! Will RT if you want it.
Actually I am an atheist & dealing with political issues is enough without getting bogged down with arguments from  xtians.
Knowing the complete content of a bill you're either debating or voting on is considered a "luxury"? Are you effing serious?
If you're to damn LAZY to do your job with a degree of ethics & integrity GO BACK TO TEXAS & let someone more competent do the job. You A$$!
By "open amendment process", do you mean including Democratic input, amendments, and hearings? We EXPECT more from @senateGOP on HC!
How about your come up with a bill that is acceptable to us, the American people (aka your bosses), instead of your cronies.
It's not a fucking luxury, It's our goddamned right as a citizen of this country to be fully informed on legislation that is up for vote...
Especially when it directly impacts our lives, like a bill on healthcare. There should be ample review and time for input. That is YOUR JOB.
How about making it acceptable to the people of this country?  You know, the ones you are supposed to represent.  Just a thought...
How about making things acceptable to US instead of a bunch of elitist narcissists. GET OUT OF HEALTHCARE!
Profile in cowardice.  SHOW US THE BILL.
The only good healthcare bill will be a BIPARTISAN bill to fix the issues with ACA.  Stop doing this with just GOP votes.  Include the Dems.
How about acceptable to this great nation's citizen's!
Isn't it more important to be acceptable to the American people rather than 50 senators. You should all be run out of office!
You should shoot for full support, and then you would be working for all Americans. Your crap doesn't just affect your state, Senator.
Good God, you're incompetent. Sad!
be fun watching serious amendments in a vote a rama.
Acceptable to 50 people versus ALL of America? We will continue to fight for OUR healthcare! You 50 already have health care!
HOLD HEARINGS! ACA WENT THROUGH A YEAR OF HEARINGS BEFORE VOTE! YOUR REFUSAL PLAINLY SAYS YOU DON'T GIVE A F*** ABOUT THE CONSTITUTION!
POS response to your responsibility to your constituency.
shouldnt the american people be able to read the bill before you impose it on us?
How about something acceptable to more than 50 senators and better yet the American people who actually  need healthcare.
Senator, Include 100 Senators.  Why not seek a solution that includes more Senators.  We are a country of Laws not men.  Not Russia, Turkey!
#TrumpRussia #TrumpCareIsDead #TrumpCrimeFamily
But not a single Democrat right?
Actually, it needs to be acceptable to the people you are supposed to represent...and it doesn't.  You really don't know WT# you're doing.
Wait. Letting people read the bill before a vote is a luxury? That's just wrong headed.
Since when is "knowing what you are voting for" a luxury?  Oh wait...that explains Senators like Cronyn.
and what about transparency, Cornyn?  You are all a joke, majority of Americans will never accept your plans!
Make it acceptable to 300 million Americans; Congress should use America's Healthcare plan, only, like us poor people.
The projected 33 million that will lose care by 2024 thank you. Thanks, once again, for putting your party and the rich, before the people.
Crow is on the menu
U figured that out? I'm so impressed after all these years & ur futile attempts! going to be another disastrous plan? TRUMPCare for sure!
It should also be acceptable to most Americans too
So finalize a bill enhancing Obamacare, then go meet with constituents after CBO score, THEN VOTE! This is HC it's hard and can't be rushed!
SINGLE PAYER NOW!!!
gop congress a failure if no hcare bill passed....if gop cant pass hcare now, when??...w/o gop control of hcare, all domestic policy is zero
How dare they, wanting to know what they're voting on??? I mean, what is this? A democratic republic?
just 50 senators doesn't sound like America.
Reiterating basic math doesn't make us feel any better that you have any intention of doing the right thing.  Or things.  Or anything.
No John, the bill has to be acceptable to The People you were elected to represent! Wow, atty or not, you need a Constitution refresher.
When are you going to stand up to Trump & put your country first? His ego & disrespect for our country's laws incredible
If only there were a bill already in place...
What about bipartisanship, then all of the senators can work together and agree, not just half
Then why not vote on the bill that 49 Republicans already approved under Obama, and all campaigned on? #FullRepeal
You r pushing a plan that is highly unpopular. Shouldn't everyone know what's in the final bill? What kind of govmt we running?
Maybe stop doing everything in secret like Royalty or a dictatorship. Try giving democracy a shot. Just a thought (I know it's out there)
There seem to be at least 3 Senate healthcare bills. Which bill will u place on the floor on which to vote. Inquiring minds want to know!.
Democracy is a luxury? Doing your job correctly is a luxury? YOU. WORK. FOR. ME. and the rest of Texas. Get your head in the game.
If not, I'm going to reiterate a point. No on this health care mess. Get it right, please, sir, rather than making it worse. Thank you.
Sir, I'm befuddled to say the least.As a constituent, if I called your office to have your staff explain hc bill effects for me,could they?
Open bill.  What an idea instead of a bunch of old white guys writing it!
@Morning_Joe @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @tedcruz @RepKevinBrady @BetoORourke   How is tha "Ignore the Stakeholders Approach" working for GOP?
It's not a "luxury" that anyone has. It's a responsibility that you have to your constituents and the rest of #WeThePeople  IOW, your JOB!
The plan is set by the @GOP Pimps
What does it look like after this process? Why all the secrets? Why aren't you working with women? Why are you working with any dems?
This Texan (78681) does NOT support a bill that will result in the deaths of mothers and children. Pro-life = Pro-ACA
So just how many Americans are you willing to kill with the GOP's horrible health care plan? How many of us is tolerable?
I don't think they are all referring to amendments. This is ridiculous.
OR... you could even get bipartisan input so that 1/6 of the American economy would stop being a political football.
I heard u say today K Hutchison was bipartisan & good 2 TXans always keeping us 1st U could learn from her cause u surely don't

Why don't you sim for a bill that the American people will find acceptable?  Frankly, our approval should mean more than Senators.
*aim
So it is 
REPUBLICAN SENATORS
you are worried about, and 
NOT AMERICAN PEOPLE
Ty appreciate the RARE honesty
U do know who uses Medicaid?
You guys need to get your act together. You are coming across as do nothings. Having supported you for years I am disappointed.
you know a great place to get those votes with just a little compromise? @SenateDems work with them.
How about making it acceptable to the American people?
Why RT this & not address the Q? Y is it a luxury 4 people to debate or review a bill b4 it is voted on? We r still a democracy, r we not? !
Actually, it has to be acceptable to the 30 million of us who stand to lose our ACA or Medicaid coverage, so maybe fix the ACA instead?
I thought it was 60 to pass (per rules). Unless GOP wants to cheat again. Typical GOP cheats to win.  GOP=fuck rules & country, we win.
In which we are reminded that @GOP leadership believes crafting bills w/open committee hearings & citizen town halls are luxuries.
Non-obstructionist senate: there shouldn't be any bill passed with 50 votes this @SenateGOP are flailing hacks. @GOP Congress can't run govt
BREAKING: Congressional Budget Office: Revised GOP health bill would increase number of uninsured people by 22 million in 2026.
Kind of like how it will be to fill some of those  senate seats.
Most of you voted multiple times for bills you knew would never be signed, everyone who did is a fraud and should be removed from office!
Except you haven't opened one inch of the process to the Democratics, or the female Republican senators, have you?
How can reading & questioning content of a bill be a luxury? Absurd on its face yet reflective of obstructionist GOP. Next: reading banned?
Do you even read the responses?
You work for us (for now).
We do NOT WANT THIS BILL!
Listen!!
Amazing you can actually live with yourself making these kind of statements and decisions but when lobbyists buy your soul it's easy right?
HOW ABOUT COMING UP WITH HEALTHCARE IMPROVEMENTS THAT WILL HELP PATIENTS, THEIR FAMILIES, OUR ECONOMY, and OUR CURRENT HEALTHCARE INDUSTRY?
INSTEAD OF VOTING TO REPEAL THAT WILL HARM 32 MILLION AMERICAN PEOPLE WHILE GIFTING THE TOP WEALTHIEST PEOPLE IN USA? THIS IS EVIL+GREEDY!
I have insurance thru my job, but if I didn't, I would have never signed up for Obamacare.
In addition, the law is unconstitutional on so many levels. Government cannot tell Americans to buy insurance. Ridiculous.
That wasn't the case with Obamacare. They passed it to find out what was in it and then they shoved it down our throats.
To Bad in any for it will be vile to more than 50% of americans. #WhoDoYouServe?
Senator, will you and your family have to adhere to the same regulations as the rest of us if this passes?
Seriously?  Our elected leaders vote on bills they haven't read, nor can they fully explain?  This is a Twilight Zone episode that won't end
And how many women and democrats will be among them?
"Your priorities are upside down. I am your constituent. I was once your supporter."
I will remember who caused my cousin's death when he loses Medicaid and SSI.
@kelsey_snell Alternately it should be acceptable to ALL Americans. Try that, John


How about you just give all #Americans the #healthcare Congress gets? Or give Congress the health care that you vote for all of us?
Plz read the bill (duh), let us see the bill, do it right rather than rushing it through. MUST HAVE basics like pre-exist, Etc.
Nobody but the #PartyOfLiars wants the #republicarekills bill #cowardcornyn. Work with Dems to improve ACA and fully fund it. #ideologue
Insightful
But enjoy the luxury of your tax payer paid  healthcare being exempt for the healthcare your forcing on us
So how long after bill is finalized is it vote on?
We talking weeks, or minutes?
An undemocratic, irresponsible, & simply cruel undertaking. All to make the richest richer still. I can't wait to donate & vote against you.
Maybe instead of just trying to stick it to Obama, you work with the Dems to improve the healthcare system in the US.  Way it should be.
Whether or not it's acceptable to the millions of people you represent.
How about a plan That's acceptable to your *constituents*? We sent you to DC. To help us, not hurt us.
Easy fix: Accept that medicine is not a profit industry and adopt universal health like EVERY OTHER CIVILIZED NATION!
Gonna blame Obama again? 
My grandma always told me two things. Where their is a will, there is a way AND we do the things that are important to us.
That's a completely different statement. If you were interested in an open process, you would have taken a different path from the start.
You guys had more than 2500 days to figure this out!
You guys had 364 WEEKS to figure this out.
You had EIGHTY FOUR months to figure out what to do!!!
You guys had SEVEN years to work on this. SEVEN!!!
How about acceptable to the American public?   Do your job.   #stopthebill #trumpcareisnocare
Why not start with a Democratic bill and see if three Republicans sign on to that? Sounds easier.
It should have to be acceptable to the American people...but I'm old-fashioned & believe[d?] in democracy.
Not that you will, you're so wedded to RICH GET RICHER POOR GET FUCKED that you only give a shit about relection.
Maybe if you made a Health Care bill that was better than what we have now, even Democrats would sign on.
See, if you made a good bill to begin with, it wouldn't have to be amended into something completely different just to get 50 Senators.
Wouldn't it be great if you cared what actual people think, instead of just 50 senators?
When are you going to reach across the isle and REALLY take care of American citizens? Negotiations are a National priority now! Do your job
Repeal only, don't replace...go nuclear if necessary to keep Dems from obstructing!
Still not 60

As one of your constituents, I do not support this bill!
Oh whatever! ACA had 9 mo. of debate & amendment before passed. I see a lot of excuses & a lot of Texans at risk while you waste tax dollars
Yeah but you have to release/bring down underlying bill so people know what they're offering amendments to or it's pointless
we can predict 22,000,000 will lose healthcare. that seems to be what you need to cover the massive tax break you've promised the wealthy.
that's a pretty low bar, considering who those 50 senators are
Were I to bring forth such logic to any legislative discussion or debate, i would be pitied or laughed at for my apprent incompetence.
And the Kochs, don't forget your puppet masters
No need to "predict". Simply publish the bill as currently proposed and then update as amendments are accepted
#notrocketscience
You've had 7 years and you're claiming that you don't have the luxury of knowing the plan before voting? Incompetent and shameful.
And no more Republican $$$
How long is the amendment period going to be?
RNC & STATE RNC SHD WITHHOLD FUNDS & SUPPORT FOR ANY SENATOR VOTING NO ON REPEAL! REPLACE IN PRIMARY W/TRUMP SUPPORTERS!!!
You & McConnell should have Murkowski, Portman & Capito in the woodshed explaining unless you vote to repeal you'll be a backbencher
This is exactly the reason politicians should not be involved in our HC. Especially when none of you will be on it, give it to the states.
Sure I can. Kick all sick, poor, disabled and elderly to the curb. Cut taxes for wealthy and Party!! Prove me wrong, John. #TrumpcareSucks
That's what you get for doing this on the down low and not including any women or sane adults in the process. @GOP can't legislate-go away
Or you could choose 2 work in) #Bipartisan manner & have an #OpenProcess with #Hearings and #public input.

Or you can peddle partisanship
As one of your constituents, I Do Not support this bill
Hmmm sounds kinda Dem-like!
This is ridiculous as a process.
https://twitter.com/topherspiro/status/886015376173268992 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
BREAKING: In rare joint letter, insurers say Cruz amendment "unworkable in any form" and will lead to "widespread terminations of coverage." 
You're going to have an amendment process? That'd be swell. Can the Dems join in?
perhaps its time to shift focus to a different policy topic altogether in hopes of finding one worthy of the support of 50+ Senators.
We will remember who doubled our premiums...
@kelsey_snell duh
You're all crooks. Kicking over 12 mil off HC so you can get a tax cut.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
The Coward John Cornyn.
