dam straight. #ScandalFree president #alwaysmypresident
exactly. Senator you need to step up and quit taking up for Trump. How can you be so blind?
He's not blind, he knows exactly what he's doing.  Follow the money trail.  They're all corrupt!
just the FBI, DNI and other agencies... it's beyond sad what government is like now.
So are you reaffirming that Obama didn't interfere?  Why did you post this?  You know how search warrants work. Wiretap=warrant
really? Why do you Hate Obama so much?
I hope you're not being cowed by this flurry of commie tweets.
, by Commie you mean the Russians who manipulated our election?
And briefly I thought maybe @JohnCornyn might be #tbd
I assume since you are RT this it means you expect the same from Trump? Or are you holding him to a lower standard?
if people stop talking about trumps tweets, he will stop. he just wants attention. And does not speak for the party
45's, literally,leader of the GOP.They'll stick w/ him 2 get those tax cuts 4 rich donors.What abt the risk 2 USA?
we need a independent by Porisont investigation into Trump has ties with Russia
Trump has already committed political suicide. The question remains, are you going to join him?
sylvan, love your profile pic. Hilarious.
me too!!! Lol
Go find the truth!
This is a true statement, regardless of your obfuscations and prevarications to the contrary. Trump must leave or be impeached!
#CountryOverParty
Is there not just ONE Republican politician that is not a CROOK???
and of course u believe in unicorn n fairy dust.  Grow a pair n fight, but then Texans know you loyalties belong to Dems/Obama.
Is there a reason you're trying to avoid a full & independent investigation into Russian ties and the current Administration?
investigate Trump's ties to Russia.
silly @realDonaldTrump  doesn't understand how warrants work. FISA JUDGE saw incriminating evidence to grant @FBI wire "tapp"
And Cornyn used to be TX AG.  He should know how this works.
country over party!  INDEPENDENT investigation of that toddler you helped elect and are now defending!
So, a special prosecutor could conduct an independent investigation & then everyone will know what transpired. Make it happen.
I don't understand the bracket use. 
He was capitalizing the "n" because the original quotation wasn't capitalized add added "Obama" to specify which WH.
history will not be kind to you senator.  Be the leader we expect you to be and stand up to Trump.
He let's his agenda get in the way of what is right
Your job is to represent the people, not propose conspiracy theories. We know you didn't like the black man. U don't like PoC.
BS
still full of it. Trumps lackey, no longer the senator for Texas.
do we really believe a spokesperson for obama are even Obama
why not push for a special prosecutor to investigate all claims related to 2016 election? Do you have anything to hide? #truth
The more the GOP protests, the guiltier they look.
Obama had Lynch do the dirty work of surveying! This is another Watergate situation!
Ok John. Now, instead of tweeting & ACTING like U R working forTX, how about a town hall so we can set U straight!? R U SCARED?
Your inaction makes you complicit. Demand an investigation into Trump's ties to Putin. Stop endorsing his treason. #TrumpRussia
Hey @JohnCornyn. When did you join the @realDonaldTrump administration? I though you were a senator. But you spend all day tweeting OTB.
#SpecialProsecutor
Endorrse open investigation  to answer the questions.  If nothing to hide why not be open,  honest?
you are losing the last shred of self-respect defending a person who clearly lives on another planet.  Party over people much?
I was going to criticize u for not standing w POTUS but when I read the other tweets...they all seem to think u r. Continue.
time to start the sedition investigation of dnc
when Trump goes down in , all who stood by their party before country will go down, too
We will save every outlandish tweet and use after Russian investigation is complete during 2018 election.
ARE YOU TBD? Now THAT would be something! And it would cement you in history as the one who stood up! Think about it!
Stand up to Trump and put country over party! Not once  have u spoken against the Russian lover Trump! What GOP is this?
can you please work to help families keep affordable health insurance
You are a disappointment.
BS and you and I know it!
Bi partisan, independent council on Russia.  Come on, do it so you have more time to take from the poor to give to the rich!! 
Kind of funny every one named in the Steele dossier is dead killed by Putin
never heard the words we never received info from the Obama Admin investigation. Denied the wrong accusation
, be a patriot. Our country needs you. Call for an independent investigation of This administration's ties to Russia!
Congratulations. You can be the generation's Dick Cheney, as he defended Reagan's crimes during Iran-Contra.
Please move forward with investigating ties to Russia, our democracy deserves your support.
So, Trump is paranoid? Not a good quality for the @POTUS_Don45
YES @POTUS IS troubling, so hold your overdue #TownHall to listen to CONSTITUENTS #NOTNORMAL @IndivisibleTeam @indivisibleATX
Hmmm let me see who shall I believe? The one who had scandal free presidency or the pathelogical liar?
and yet the president wants to waste resources, we need an independent investigation of #trumprussia #trumptower NOW
party loyalty?...no trump Russia independent investigate info...stop trying to move away from the story...wrong side of history
Obama never let the LAW keep him from doing what he wanted to do... this is no different! Where is Lady Justice?
be the TBD!
weasel words. As if the DOJ would do anything without tacit approval fro administration
He is gone, John. This goat rodeo is your problem. What will your family read about your complicity in the future?
please lead. You don't want to be behind on the solution to this irrational behavior of the leader of the free world.
Please speak in your own words and stand up for the constitution. Be the hero. #TXVoter
Or the IRS, Fast and Furious, Benghazi, etc. Obama is a joke that is getting his comeuppance.
We can get to the bottom of this with an independent investigation. Why won't you endorse that?
Did you see SNL last night? It won't be Paul Ryan, but it could be you! 
Why would he. His AG goes after Trump and Obama says "Loretta, no no".  Ms. AG you are about to be thrown under a bus, Lawyer up
This is a lie, you know it. Obama used office openly campaigning to try & win election for Killary. Oversight Lawyers file chgs!
BS!
You're going to let your career legacy being an ethical shield for Trump's behavior?  Is he worth it?
and Trump is a liar.  Need to say the words.
There needs to be a full independent investigation. Why are still appearing to support apparent treason and corruption?
Senator, the emperor has no clothes! Will you be the GOP hero to step up and stop the madness?
great reply!!
If you believe that, Senator, you truly are an enemy of the ppl.
your credibility is at stake..PLEASE DO THE RIGHT THING AND STAND UP FOR OUR COUNTRY
you're really going to the mat for Trump huh. What a lack of integrity. You're shaming our great state of Texas.
Enough!Choose to lead &unify instead of responding to EACH perceived issue.LEAD by example.Move forward.
T or F?
Is it bc a thorough Russia inquiry might break momentum for tax cut for rich people and taking poor families' health care away?
exactly. Thank you. Glad to to see you are on the right side of this one. Trump is nuts.
Trump is not nuts. Sessions should not have recused himself. Nothing coming from an O appointee will be trusted.
You know it's a total lie.
proof?
At this point, why are you even covering for these people?
lol
