Real headline: Cornyn avoids constituents in safehouse. #GOP, nothing but  too fragile to hold town hall meetings in person.
The people of San Antonio might appreciate a visit from you. Good place for a town hall, too.
but yet too cowardly to hold a town hall meeting
Hey John. Shouldn't you have left off the last "T" in that stations call letters?  Seems more fitting for you.
TOWN HALL, AMIGO
John Cronyn - Town Hall : When and where?
Can you stop tweeting about yourself for five seconds and listen to your constituents? Where's your town hall?
I'm waiting on that town hall. How about it? Any time soon? Aren't you on a break from Washington? Well?
Speak with the people you represent! That's your JOB! Not getting your picture taken.
baby steps John, baby steps. You'll get there. Life isn't just talking points.
You do realize the river, land and the people have been here whole time you've been in office. Glad you finally found them.
when will your 1st Town hall meeting? U can run, but you cannot hide forever from your constituents!
good to see you're back in TX - why don't you have a town hall or two while you're here?
photo ops more important than constituents. Nobody will build your boondoggle wall.
investigating Russian interference is more important!  Have a town hall in Austin so we can talk!
# no wall
How about a town hall in Houston? #notaxationwithoutrepresentation. #cornynismissing
thought you were Sen from north part of the state.  are you coming to talk to US! What are you doing in the Valley, AVOIDING US?
Town hall. You're avoiding us
would prefer a headline about a town hall.
TOWN HALL!!!!
why are you writing about yourself in the 3rd person?
how'd the town hall go?  Oh,  wait...
when will you schedule a town hall in ATX? Please investigate ties with Russia.And DeVos is an insult 2 my career
so when is the town hall? Love to meet you
Thanks Senator! Can we now get Congress to DO SOMETHING to protect Texans & Americans?
Hey, when's your next #TownHall?

- A constituent in 77477.
You can tell us all about it at a Town Hall meeting
Good for u! Now, plz give us the date of your #TownHall in Houston!
Do you happen to know which stash house has the TOWN HALLS??
btw. Answer your damn phone?  Why are you blocking us out?  I PAY YOUR SALARY, I PAY FOR YOUR HEALTH INSURANCE.
Town Hall meeting
He should be meeting with his constituents who are extremely worried about his support of Our Russian President
how about you see the poor people in the Valley? How we need good paying jobs? @SergioChapa
Ayuntamiento!
But he's not brave enough to meet with his constituents, who pay his fucking salary. John Trump Cornyn the Frail.
@John Cornyn is  relying on the safety of the Red state. Maybe a bit too much. Going down with the Russian ship.
What do you have to say about the graves of Jews vandalized? Likely white Americans.
Senator Cornyn,  glad to see you take this SERIOUSLY!!!
conveniently too busy for a town hall. He looks scared to face constituents.
That sounds very productive! Also, many of your constituents would like to hold tradition Town Halls with you.
subpoena Dr. William Thompson of the CDC immediately to testify of the vaccine study FRAUD!!!!! @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
I'm starting to feel bad for you cause I KNOW you hear our voices and know your days in office are numbered.
Meet with a mayor? Check. Anti-immigrant photo opp? Check. Meet with constituents? I'll wait...
why wont you hold a town hall? Your fear tells me you aren't tough enough to be a senator.
Town Hall would be nice...
We know a townhall meeting is not going to happen, could you at least to a Facebook live, and answer questions?
Please no - that's what Culberbaby is doing (@CongCulberson) and it's same as avoidance and ignoring questions.
Looks like a fun visit. Will you please visit your constituents at a #TownHall?
Please meet with your constituents.
How much of this trip is actually business & how much pleasure?
I feel stupid, but what is a stash house??
He is suggesting they are stashing drugs/guns but they are probably just immigrants trying to make a better life.
Seriously Cornyn, if u have time to tweet this much, u have time to do a #TOWNHALL.
Coward. Answer your voicemail.
How about supporting an independent investigation into the Russia election meddling and potential treason?
Our country was downgraded to a flawed democracy in January.  Are you working on losing democracy all together?
U can't  escape!  DO YOUR JOB!!!!!
When are u having a TOWN HALL!!!!!!!!!
All this just to avoid talking to constituents? Come on John, #TownHall?
All the stops on the official John Cornyn doing all the things to avoid talking to constituents  tour.
When are you going to meet with your local constituents? Ever? #TxTownHall
But you're still scared to do a Town Hall, hmm?
Come to San Antonio and see what the tornados did to our city.
