No hearings, no women, no Democrats involved. No expert testimony, no listening to healthcare providers. This is legislative malpractice.
Really? Were is the bill? Is it available for review online? When is the first hearing scheduled? How many democrats are on the committee?
Second, "You have to pass it to see what's in it" sound familiar? Again this was the liberal way to do business in 08.
Look up the context of that quote. ACA was not hidden, there were hearings.
There were 79 hearings on the Affordable Care Act. 79. https://www.congress.gov/congressional-record/2017/3/10/house-section/article/H2041-1 …
Before or after it passed? Tell me WHO passed it using parliamentary tricks? So Pelosi NEVER said "pass it to see what's in it?"
Babe, why the the week before the vote were republicans shut out, and all the deals made in secret?
When are the hearings? How long is the amendment period? What is the markup time? Tell us WHY it's "fake news"...
That's not a Get Out Of Jail Free card. It's a cowardly way to avoid hard answers. When did you become such a coward, John?
Is this the bipartisan spirit y'all were pushing yesterday?
Let me call up your staff and find out when the process begins.
You saying there have been hearings, & women & Democrats involved, & testimony from expert witnesses & healthcare providers is a lie.
Fake American.
You are hiding a plan to reward you and other millionaires while destroying healthcare for millions of Americans. Traitorous.
#FakeSenator One morning, just one morning: Wake up and be a Senator, not just for Texas, but for the country. Be better.
I'd prefer he started with Texas.
I'm open to him starting... anywhere. But I live in Texas, so I take your point.
I wish he were my senator, rather than Exxon and AT&T's senator... I'm from TX too, and I wish we had representation in Congress.
Don't wish. Organize. We have good options, and the social/demographic winds are blowing against people like John and Ted.
Too many people in Texas got there because of gerrymandering - we've got to solve the voter problem before we can fix the system.
Very true for reps, but Senate not affected by gerrymandering.
Yes, true.
Spouting #alternativefacts again I see? Don't worry, we'll #RepealAndReplace during your next reelection cycle.
How many Democrats have REALLY been allowed involvement in crafting this bill?
Signed
Your Constituent
Fact, but we know that as a Republican you don't know the difference. Or care.
Still lying. When, exactly, have you held any public hearings on this dog of a bill?
We deserve better from a US Senator than "fake news."  Lets hear specific details that dispute what is stated above.
How do you think that would go over in my job...
Patient: I think this medication is causing side effects  
Me:  Fake News
oh yeah, then why the hell doesn't your damn party act more transparently about this bill?
It's a shit sandwich. After some concessions to make it less "mean", trump will say he fought for the people and grin for the cameras.
Just because you don't like something doesn't make it fake. Didn't you learn this as a child? #AHCA #STOPtrumpcare
still waiting. When exactly does "fullness of time" come to pass?
Trump is pushing for this cuz he looked like a failure. Does he understand your bill permanently labels him a failure on health care?
Prolly not. He's not the sharpest cookie, is he?
Truth is fake news?
Yeah they say that too
You can't just shout "fake news" and make that mean something.
77494. Please explain your "fake news" reply. (3) How many of those ppl in the secret meetings to develop senate version of repeal are Dems
How many women senators are involved in crafting this bill?
Signed
Your Constituent
How many hearings have there been?
Signed
Your Constituent
How is this fake?
You, sir, are without honor or integrity.
Which consultant told you that saying "Fake news" works on the truth like holy water on a vampire? Because you need to get your money back.
@brianschatz name one thing fake about that comment.
Just wondering why GOP doesn't already have a plan after years of fussing about O'Care...you'd think they would have had one ready on day 1
Liar.
Dude, you're a broken record and you're doing your best in catching up with @realDonaldTrump in the amount of bullshit you spout out
My employer-provided insurance is still up in the air due to "political instability," so I'd love to hear exactly how this is "fake news."
So there will be hearings? Glad to hear it. We will hold you to that.
Where is the bill? Who are the women? Who are the Democrats? When are the hearings? I should be able to comment!
instead of throwing out the lazy "fake news", engage with us and tell us in which way this claim is untrue
It's pretty accurate news given Republican track records
There is one thing Texans know and that's bullshit and you sir, are full of it.
Prove it!
We have right to know details about healthcare bill. It'll affect lives of millions of Americans. Are we still a Democracy?  Shame on you.
That the best you can do?  How lazy are you?
Your integrity is fake news.
You're a grown ass man. Don't react like my 2 year old.
In the absence of news people make stuff up- release the text of the bill
Ok. SS Officer. What an obscene man.
OK, so how about a substantive answer. Tell us about the robust process behind Senst passage of the bill, Corny, we're all ears
Guess we know that one's true, then!  Thanks for clearing that up.
how?
Senator, you insult us and disgrace yourself when you say “fake news” about a truth that you don’t like. What audience are you playing to?
Show us the bill then, @JohnCornyn !
Which part of his remark is inaccurate?
Not fake news until you post recordings, photos, videos. YOU are fake news.
Great ratio
Then educate us and stop tweeting 2 words - explain!
Really?? I cannot believe you are doing this.  Selling your soul to the devil for some very temporary power trip.  Enjoy it.  #Resist
Can't wait to vote you out of office 
So you're modeling your rhetoric after trump now? That tells me everything I need to know about your intentions.
Tell us what's in the bill then!
Care to elaborate?
Senator, your efforts to ignore reality to save face for your party is going to hurt many Americans. To me you are a #FakeRepresentative
I've only seen you tweet twice. Clearly, you are taciturn. Unfortunately, you are also a.) delusional or b.) a liar or c.) both.
you are the only thing fake. A fake senator.
WOW your a congressman? Dang
@SenateGOP and @SenateMajLdr need to SERIOUSLY reconsider what they are doing. Hurting MILLIONS and killing THOSUSANDS by reckless action.
NOTHING fake about it. The @SeanteGOP has become a heartless bunch of power mad idiots to be doing this.
It might be fake news to you because it does not fit into your alternative reality. But in the real world, the one you live in, it's true.
So Dems ARE involved in the new bill??? Fake Cornyn
 Jesus Cornyn, stop letting your aides tweet for you.
This makes you sound immature, uninformed, and disconnected from your constituents. Show us the bill, Senator. Do the right thing.
When did all that happen?   Is there video?
I've decided you went to Trump U; your tweets have deteriorated to Rump's monosyllabic stupidity. Texans are watching you & are appalled
Senator, please don't stoop to Trump's propaganda tool and insult Texans. Most of us read, listen, and understand what is happening.
Show us you're not lying by pointing us to the evidence of the actual hearings and debates which have taken place and have included Dems.
Fact: No experts consulted, no expert testimony
Fact: No healthcare providers consulted, expected to testify

Liar
You should not be so flippant, Senator.     Shame on you.    Embarrassing yourself.
It's cute how you lie, whine fake news.: 

Fact: No public hearings
Fact: 13 white penises
Fact: 13 white Republicans

1/2
Senator Cronyn lied while his constituents die #MoneyOverMorals
Exactly how is it Fake News?  Which part is inaccurate. Your labeling something Fake News just because you don't like it doesn't make it so
Please tell us what's Fake. Only 13 men involved. All in Locked Room.
No, this is real and we voters won't forget.
How so?
How is this fake news? Have there been hearings? Are any female senators involved in the bill? Only thing fake is your idea of transparency.
Please explain what's not fake about it.
How is this fake news??? This is fact! Why are you hiding info from Americans????
You are an example of someone who has enjoyed the privilege of the Senate for far too long.  2020.
Drink more
Lies.
Exactly what's fake about it? You're doing it so have the guts to at least be honest about what you're doing. You realize we WILL see it.
You are a man without honor.
Saying something is fake doesn't make it fake. I think we can all see it's true - since we can't actually see anything.
How did the house process go?
Fake news? Which part is fake? The no hearings? The no women? No Democrats? No testimony from providers? Please explain how it's fake.
It's not FAKE NEWS just becuse you don't like the news. If it's fake then #ShowUsTheBill
Fake Senator #youareajoke #oustedin2020
@brianschatz Big John, your time wreaking havoc in the Senate is coming to an end, & you know it. Bless your  #GOP #RICO
Add to that list - no patient advocacy groups.
As I have said before, you are the ranking Senator from Texas, and tweets like this (read: easily disproven and childish) are a disgrace.
Real news
How many hearings have bn held? How many women on the team? How have GOP involved Dems? Which experts and/or healthcare providers consulted?
Which part?
Please explain it to me. What part is fake? When were the hearings? Who are the women?...the Democrats?...the providers?...the experts?
Be an adult, lead and do better than 45. Shouting this does nothing but continue to ruin your credibility. #ACHA #ShowUsTheBill
That's your Senate colleague @ChrisMurphyCT - what's your response?
#ResignNow You aren't doing your job and representing ALL your constituents.  #wewillreplaceyou
Really? Please provide evidence to the contrary. #ForesightIs2020
Care to elaborate, oh Great Succinct One?
Prove it!  Wanna bet your job on that statement?
You abuse the term fake news to spread your propaganda. Your soul is calling from the Oval Office - he wants out!
Then show us the bill and discuss on senate floor. with Dems if this is FAKE NEWS
Please prove that this is fake news ASAP!
Sen Cornyn is a liar
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Real news, actually. But you ARE a fake Senator.
@JohnCornyn's confuses transparency with being invisible.
You are so silly @JohnCornyn you think Texans are all idiots.
How...senatorial. Just the kind of discourse a deliberative body needs. 
Prove it! #showusthebill
Great response as usual, John..tell us WHY that's fake. Sure seems legit to me from all I've heard and read..Let's see the bill! #SaveTheACA
Truth hurts doesn't it Senator. We've been calling for the past week and no one in your office will answer the phone. What are you hiding ?
You're lying.... Where is the bill? Where are the public hearings? What a joke you are...
Please explain @JohnCornyn. Who attends these meetings. Sounds like it is all male GOP only. Is this incorrect?
There's plenty of evidence that the GOP is doing all of these things. Borrowing a tired rejoinder from Trump doesn't rebut that.
Fake news? That why Republicans are locked away in a room with no media/Democrats?  When are you going to stop violating my political rights
@brianschatz Not
Prove it. List a hearing. What woman is on the panel? What Democrat is on the panel? What testimony has been heard?
Breaking down Western institutions (including CIA) one day at a time, never change Senator.
(1) Be an Accessory to Murder by voting for TrumpCare. (2) Watch one of the Castro brothers or Wendy Davis take your seat.
You do know that we can check congressional records online to see that the GOP is hiding everything from the public, right?
Look what @realDonaldTrump has done to you, John. He's taught you how to deflect valid criticism with a two-word lie. Dreadful.
What's fake about this summary Senator? 
btw, I live in Texas and vote in every election
What open hearings have been held on senate health bill? What Dems have been involved in crafting the GOP bill? Statements from experts?
What Democrats are involved in the process? You are the one spreading fake info.
Hatch said there will be no hearings. How is this fake news? Where is the bill?
Even though you probly don't read tweets-WHO r the women, WHN  R hearings, WHO r Democrats, WHT expert testimony & WHO r healthcare prvdrs??
Senator Cornyn, don't lower yourself with the use of that term. It's going to have a long term terrible impact on our democracy. Be better.
What about that tweet was fake?  Do you think emulating @realDonaldTrump makes you look smart?  You must know better than this.
you are so GD infuriating.  If this is fake news, then please, share the bill with everyone right now.
Cool. Can I see the bill please? I asked @SenateMajLdr, but he's slow.
Senator...answer the people...prove with factual evidence this fake news...don't ignore us...where r the hearings, women & damned bill?
Senator Cornyn, You need to advise your social media intern to lose the "fake news" terminology. It is unbecoming of your office.
If these statements are all true...how is this fake news? Does "fake news" = "I don't want people talking about this"?
Seriously, what is in the bill? This is important and you treat it like a game. It could bankrupt and kill people and you shout fake news.
I just left a vm with your Austin office reminding them that I will never vote for a congressperson who supports this awful bill.
which part of this is false info? would love to see the proof that any of this is inaccurate. please do share. #AHCA
Where are the hearings? The Democrats? The women? Who are you legislating for? It's certainly not the entire country. Shame on you.
Really happy to hear this. I'm home tonight and would love to review it. Where can I read it, online, on your website, where?
Best way to diagnose intellectual bankruptcy and moral cowardice: use of imbecilic two word tweet: "fake news"
Saying fake news only makes you sound like more of a dumb liar than you already are. Even you have to hear how weak that is.
By definition what's "fake" isn't "news". It's a lie. If those are lies, publish the hearing sched, the bill draft, etc.
Can you provide any evidence that this is fake news? Actual verifiable evidence? We'll wait...
You are supposed to represent the people and be loyal to this country, not to a political party. Shame on you. You are an embarrassment.
This is a representative democracy, however, you fail to advocate for the millions of Texans you represent. Orange, TX constituent
You sir, are fake. Please Tell US ALL which part EXACTLY is fake news. Which part? Should be simple, right? #LostMyVote #AshamedTexan
Don't tell me something is fake that I can See with my own eyes. You sound just like Trump.
How is this "fake news"?! It's a senator's tweet!
Great then you are confirming we will have hearings and expert testimony? And get women involved in the decision making process? @SenateGOP
Oh John.  Texans are not this stupid.
@brianschatz  Gee, as a single guy that "no women" thing is bothering. Please explain in more detail.
How is this fake?  These are facts.  Show leadership.  #ShowUsTheBill
Have there been hearings? Are there women in the closed door meetings? Have they consulted experts or doctors? Nope. Not fake news. Truth.
@brianschatz Fake??  Really??  You're sticking with *that* story??
What the hell is wrong with you?
Yeah? Show it to us, then. And when's the hearing scheduled for?
You say that whenever the truth comes out about your horrible GOP policies. Face the facts: the GOP health care effort is a disaster! #Truth
Fake Senator.   Real ones care about their constituents. 
#LastTermCornyn
Erudite response, Senator: Twitter version of sticking fingers in your ears, closing your eyes & shouting 'LaLaLaLa'
Where might I find a copy of the legislation to read it?
Define fake
