this is too BIG and means too much to Texans to discuss this via Twitter.  Hold a town hall in Texas and listen to our concerns.
of course they do, even more profits for them at the cost of the health of the American people
Of course the tax breaks make CIOs. Don't forget people making more than $200K love it also. Everyone else hates it!
Who cares?! What's good for Ins co is bad for consumers. Fire your social media mgr for tweeting without a brain
you'll be gone Hon Senator. Enjoy the time
gee why would a major health insurer back this? Couldn't be cuz they'll gain millions, could it? What about your constituents?
Of course! They stand to make $$$ off the backs of millions of sick Americans.
Your name will be forever attached to #Trumpcare You hate the poor and immigrants and gay etc. You're a puppet
Who cares?
What are you proud of?  Incredible how out of touch political figures are. Paul Ryan is weak.
.@JohnCornyn Are you aware that Anthem wants government approval for a merger? Sounds like quid pro quo support to me.
how about you ask your constituents what they think instead of insurers? We deserve town halls!
are you actually bragging about this? More money for insurance companies and the wealthy? Wow. @politico
OK. Let's tell us why they are so in favor.  $$$
you know it's a bad deal for America! Do your job Cornyn! You work for us, the people of TX.
6 years ago Obama care would bankrupt the US. I guess there is no more national debt to worry about.
john, once again you let Texans down.  I want ur family on Trumpcare.  Then Show me how fucking great it is.  Coward
of course..it's profits..you're about profits, we're a nation of profit..but when no pts left, there are no profits
Corporations > people to the @GOP.
Greedy AF.
Of course.  I'm sure Anthem seeking approval for their Cigna merger has absolutely nothing to do with their position.
No dispute there. It's the other ppl (lower income, mentally health, aging, etc) who lose out not your insurance buds
do you and the rest of your party have a fun night, where you all roll in your $ and laugh at taxpayers? SAD
I really like the use of the singular "insurer".... Laughable.
The Constitution doesn't guarantee anyone insurance!  MORE DEBT! Shame on you Republicans for NOT HAVING THE BALLS TO DO AWAY WITH IT!
"
Anthem, in a letter obtained by POLITICO, endorsed major parts of the repeal bill," not the bill.
2/2 your teachers, the people that do the grunt work, the single parent, the people u won't have a town hall meeting with
Of course they do. Show me the $$$. And they were shown the $$$. BTW, Who pays ur hc?
so you work for the insurance industry?
Profiteers: sure. Providers (AMA, etc) and consumers (AARP)? Not at all!
Why can't we have the same kind of healthcare members of the Senate have?  I'd like that.
Of course a major health insurer, Anthem, backs this bill!!!!  You are suppose to represent me, not Anthem!!!  Shame!
1/2 Get merger approval or criticize no brainer on their part   U R responsible 4 people's lives. Look us in the eye  remember
How many loose  HC?  Do we have your commitment to not vote on this bill until COB score complete?  #DoYourJob
because they get a new surcharge while we tax payers foot the bill for emerg room visits used when mandate repealed.
That's not what I read. I read most health insurers and most health care groups despise this horrible plan! Truth!
Of course they back it. It's a great deal for them--not so much for the rest of us.
Shorter: Insurers like making more money at expense of insured.
missed was the large sections they oppose and requested immediate changes to. You're just a snake oil salesman
One of your donors?  --  Hold Town Hall mtgs!!  Find out what us rabble want!  Affordable, comprehensive insurance!!
GOP bill is void of wisdom or mercy—no mental health/addiction treatment, period. Sad. [Constituent/Therapist 77030]
well hell yeh the INS.COS. do. It's the voters who are screwed. You didn't even give us a kiss.
and what do your constituents think?
Well that's not really a shock, since insurers and the wealthy are the only ones who will benefit from this new "legislation."
"The bill would scrap the limitation for insurers on how much executive compensation is tax deductible." Maybe this is why.
so that's one health insurance co for trumpcare. Have u seen the hundreds of orgs against it?!?!
Your leader proved that the GoP don't understand how insurance even works.
Must be great if the health insurance company likes it.  That'll help how many of your constituents?
one maybe. Healthcare in general is against it.  Listen to your people not your wallet. Your job is up in a few years
is this the best you can come up with for support for #Trumpcare ? You poor thing.
for profit insurer! Shouldn't exist in healthcare.
the CEO makes millions. And he's not the only one. Are you removing the provision that guarantees a pct of premiums
actually goes to providing care Or going to let your constituents hard earned premiums pay shareholders and top exec.
of course they'd want it with a tax break for executives of insurance companies. How thoughtful!
our town  overflowing with doctors and they make us drive 100 miles for specialist. sure hope their networks improve
I'd like to give you credit and believe you didn't think through how insane celebrating this endorsement would look
Shocking!  I wonder what medical professionals think of it?
if they like it then maybe they could give use some estimates on the premiums before you try to pass it,Some examples
john all you ever do is REPORT what someone else said WHAT IS YOUR POSITION ON ISSUES? Voters want to know
I'm sorry am I supposed to like the plan just because an insurance company likes it. Probably means it's terrible for customers.
all we can say about this is #SorryYouWereBornWithAVagina
women are screwed by this health care plan. Hopefully they will not get pregnant, there's a penalty for covering this
I bet the execs love the hefty payout
Repeal means insurers can charge any price they want under the proposal. Of course they support it, more $ for them.
Didn't Aetna admit to trying to extort Am Govt?  You want to appease them?  What a patriot you are. Proud to have you!
Of course they do. now, wouldn't you prefer to have support of Am public, all majr Dr groups, Nurses, Hospital Assoc?
Person who benefits drastically at the detriment of the majority of society supports this plan. No S#€$ Sherlock.
Do not repeal Obamacare Texas voter
Of course an ins co supports it. If benefits them, not all of us.
Sen. Cornyn what's the purpose of this tweet? Stock tip for ANTM?  How much will they save on your constituency if this passes?
WHAT is sad, this @JohnCornyn thinks he's pushing a selling point. What is more sad, GOP Lemmings will buy /believe
(Not 2 Bright) @JohnCornyn @politico Yes John. The plan that gives them MASSIVE tax breaks, the Health Insuer loves. Go figure out why.
#FullRepeal
Making insurance co great  Are we tired of winning yet
Insurer. Singular.  Please meet with your constituents at a #TownHall.
Not exactly They said "in the short term" then the article says they hope for a merger approval Quid pro quo
one???? Whoohoo! Ignoring the other pages of lists?
Why is that a good thing?   If an insurance company likes it it's probably not good for the health care consumer.
.@JohnCornyn Selfish, self-serving hypocrites, all of you.
I don't care who backs  it, as you constituent I want you to vote it down
sure they do, because they don't have to cover everyone.
Obviously! Health insurers are in business to make money. Not to improve America's health.
Wonderful news: an insurance company is happy! Maybe big pharma will be next!  Do your job and protect our interests
Of course they do! Why wouldn't they? Tax breaks for them and big pharma. Do you work for them or us?
Means it's awful! Opposed by every MD & RN group: AMA, ANA, ACP, AAFP, Am Cong OBGYN, Am Acad Peds, etc. #sellout
pass the acha, just do it already.
Senator Cornyn I think it is a very bad plan. My request is to block it as is. cc @RepBrianBabin @SenTedCruz
of course, they get huge benefits at the expense of the taxpayers.
soulless policy
What a great job you're doing for them. You sure do know how to protect the companies that matter. #notinmycorner
Watch all the contributions to Republican marionettes.
are you seriously supporting the insurance companies here?! It's your constituents you need to be concerned w/
.@JohnCornyn Ok, we'll give you that one. Why not post all of the insurers and organizations like AARP that oppose it?  #TXVoter78628
Please do not let that bill pass. It doesn't do enough to correct the wrongs of Obamacare.
 transparency in healthcare pricing! Prices should be set like stores Independently, publicly based on market demand.
They are not your constituents. We are. #DoYourJob
  need good  bill. Get rid of Medicaid. Use Medicare part A. Please Clean repeal of #Obamacare . NO #ObamacareLite !
OMG you're such a partisan hack. I just can't even.
you feel this is something to brag about? At what point in time did you drop humanity for$$? MAGA? NO
wasn't "backed by major insurance companies" one of the Democrat arguments for Obamacare? Do the right thing.
Shocking, the company that will most be able to profit from letting Americans suffer and die likes the idea.
im a constituent of yours who will be devastated if you take away my Obamacare!
of course they do. It helps insurers more than us! Make #ACA better!!!
I hope Senator Cornyn had read all the replies
Of course. The bill is a bonanza for insurance companies. Not so much for patients. Do better.
so, a company who's interest is to limit competition backs the plan, and that's a good thing? #FullRepeal
Why not? They make out like bandits; much like you and the rest of the wealthy elite.
sure they do!  They're going to make big money 
How dumb do you think we are? OF COURSE THEY DO. No brainer Senator.
- Well, DUH! Of course they back a plan that will be such a boondoggle of $$. #NoSurprise #NoAgeTax #NoTrumpcare
@GOP are completely gutless. Only serving big business without any concern of the people
Senator Cornyn, what's your input on this bill? Surely you don't think the AHCA is where it needs to be as it stands.
Insurance companies are not losing money, well not since The Great Depression in the 1930's.
Insurance companies have a history of raising costs to consumers & cutting back on coverage on a yearly basis. $$$$
Duh, @JohnCornyn, it's a major health insurer--going to make out like bandits over RepublicanCare.
You knew that would be a given. Don't you get tired of talking to your constituents as if they were two years old?
Duh,  since top execs and companies will get enormous tax cuts. How about all healthcare groups which are AGAINST it?
insurers support it because they will be back in charge of ripping people off.
Of course they do. AHCA caters to the wealthy, business' especially insurers who will save money by not paying insured
Opposed: Nearly every hospital group, and medical association is opposed to it. But, let's trust the insurance company's opinion
I bet they do. It makes them a lot of money.  Not very affordable though.
of course they like it. Their management stands to make millions off this.
stop RT & come to Texas to have town hall so we can talk to u about this!  Should voters assume u now support bill or guess?
But AARP and AMA don't like it. I think I'll stick with them.
, because it's good for THEM, not for us.
Opposed:  Heritage Action, Cato Institute, Americans for Prosperity, FreedomWorks, Tea Party Patriots, Club for Growth
Only @RandPaul has the right plan, nothing else is good enough. Remove the Feds from healthcare
ONE insurer.
Yeah, they are going to make a lot of money off U.S. citizens trying to be healthy.  Time to invest in med ins stocks.
Well of course they do given the payoff they provided you guys and the tax breaks the are getting from #Trumpcare
Will you promise to let us, your constituents, read what's in it & give it our seal of approval before you vote on it?
That's supposed to be a good thing? #FullRepeal
that should be the first clue that is sucks and doesn't benefit patients!
if the insurance companies are for it, it is bad news for middle class, #NoRepubliCare
Of course they did. It's a slush fund for them.
Ummmmm...
. @JohnCornyn @politico That's surprising: Anthem seems to like the parts of the law where it receives bushels of taxpayer money.
a pretty clear sign that it's bad for the country
but not doctors, nurses, hospitals, clinics & others who you are not giving a kick back to
they get to pocket the surcharge on premiums replacing the mandate. why wouldn't they love it?
because the insurance industry is more important than millions who stand to lose coverage. Party over country.
A follow up question: Do you have insurance and an iPhone? Has @jasoninthehouse called you on your opulence?
But not the AMA or the AARP. And where is the CBO evaluation? Will you commit to accepting its recommendations? Do facts matter?
No. They make up things to suit their selfish agenda.
Ins. Companies and wealthy are the only ones who will benefit. Put country over party.
of course they do. It features higher premiums and HUGE tax cuts for insurance companies. But what of the people??
Oh great, an insurance company likes it! You really have your finger on the pulse of the people, Johnny DeVos.
well of course they do, it's going to make them oodles of money.
so John, who you looking after here? Businesses lining your pockets or your constituents?
don't bother answering that, like you would anyway, it's rhetorical. Money, you're clearly looking after the money.
the new bill is garbage, and there's no amount of lipstick that would pretty up that pig...
