Outstanding! You GO, girl....umm... Ma'am!
When it becomes known that Lt. Cmdr fired those missiles, I wonder how many women's groups will demonize her for doing so?
Eh, piss on those feminazis. Blowing shit up is empowering for women #Merica
That's what I say. Sadly, here in the Progessive City of NY, pink Pussy Hats and Vagina Costumes ARE empowerment for (NYC) women. Oh, well.
It's not like that everywhere, thank god.
Yeah, thank God.  Not YET, anyway.
MIT prof says chemical weapons staged which makes a lot more sense given Trump policy shift on removing the regime.
A tough decision, but hopefully this will be the start of a new day for the Syrian People. Thank you.
This attack killed Syrian people, including kids.
did it?
Syrian soldiers who are engaged in fight against ISIS and al-Qaeda were killed, and civilians in villages where Tomahawks landed
Lier
USN Commander Slough & the USS Porter kicks ass !
#MAGA 
#Trump 
#WhiteHouse 
#USNavy

Hahahaha !!  I Love  it !
they do us proud !
I hope Commander Slough gets a medal for that.
You are awesome! ! Thank you, thank you.
You rule!! From a finally proud American!
Hillary speaking out is an absolute disgrace when she gave Sarin nerve gas to the Syrian Rebels.
She would just look beautiful in a prison outfit behind bars
Give her a Great Orange Pants Suit n put her behind bars

God Bless Cmdr. Slough! 
Strong responsible Women like Commander Slough is what our girls should b looking 2 as role model PROUD OF YOU! &OUR @USNavy #SyriaStrikes
You are "proud" of a woman who killed a bunch of Syrian soldiers fighting for their country...

Good job
Never should post stuff like this with names/pictures for obvious reasons...
#alqaeda , #ISIS and various affiliated terrorist organisations sends you their sincere thanks.
Cmdr Slough is a terrific example of a strong, confident, accomplished woman. Notice she isn't wearing a pink hat & screaming obscenities.
Well, that's against military regulations, also it's a military photograph.
so proud to see taxpayers pay for useless mil. Intervention. Tell homeless next time their money spent in Syria
Ecco l'assassina. Per fortuna con puntamento difettoso. #JuntaMilitUSA
Congrats, you killed 6 Syrian soldiers and 9 Syrian civilians, including 4 children
Kinda like the hubristic madness of 2003, but this time it's #woke and #intersectional
Illegal aggression against a sovereign country to support islamist fighters. Well done ISIS Navy.
Outstanding Commander Slough!
@StarsStripesGal nice

And?
RTRTRTRTRTRTRTRT
Shouldn't be broadcasting stuff like this... Puts her life in danger
Awesome job folks! Thank you for all you are doing for us back home.
@POTUS Congratulations to the outstanding, exemplary performance of CDR Slough & all the crew of the USSPorter for a job well done.
My 76 yr old eyes think the Cmdr is also a Naval Aviator ...Mam congrats to you and your crew! Former old 60's USAF flight line hand NCO
GOD BLESS YOU!!! YOU DID A GREAT JOB.
Well Done Commander!
@reremotherof2 Probably not wise 2 disseminate her name & photo. Endangers her & her family. Just tell the enemy who 2 target?
My friend went to Annapolis with her! She's a dynamo, glad she is on our side
Thank you for your service.  May God Bless you.  I love your work!!
Congrats-U may B contributing to putting the life & safety of the Cmdr/her family & those under her CMD at risk.
Thanks for identifying her to the world.  Can you ensure the safety of her and her family, now? This is so wrong.
#USSPorter  Cmdr. Andria Slough I just wanted to say THANK YOU and your Crew! GOD BLESS YOU ALL!
Good job, Commander Slough!
Wnb
There is a strong women god bless her 

Damn right! You go gal! Give em hell...kick some ass.Do it again!
, SHE'S GOT MY ATTENTION. ( FANTASTIC ).
Dress like a woman.
Bad idea to identify our military personnel by name due to the possibility of reprisal against them and their families. Stop!
Other reports say her missiles were distracted and suddenly veered off course when they saw the Syrian Tangiers Outlet stores.
When her missiles came to a 4-way Sky-stop, they couldn't figure out who should go first. Eventually ran out of  fuel - fell into the sea
We are so proud of Commander Slough! 
Thanks for all you do makes me proud to be a Navy Veteran!
Thank You Cmdr.! #MAGA
Kudos to her a real woman, who doesn't whine & stir tension wearing ugly  dressed like a vagina @DebraMessing @AshleyJudd take notes
Awesome...
She Must Have Persisted 
#TRUMP
thank You for your service and NICE JOB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We need as civilians should help protect our Military men and women by not posting their pic on social media.
U.S. Navy Cmdr. Andria Slough is a great role model for all young women in America today.
Thank you for your service.
Two little children are being mourned today. Glorious battle!
How do you pronounce her last name? Thanks..
slaw I think
Cmdr.Andria Slough and crew achieved what this means when someone commits WMD's on people. Your command was very  disciplined
She broke the glass ceiling.
Cmdr.Andria Slough and crew achieved excellence in the manner in which they showed what our POTUS wanted with min. collateral
Cmdr.Andria Slough,just wanted to take the time to thank you for your service and support you on your excellent strike.
Great job!
So cool the commander is a woman
23 of 59 hit target. Yes its a women. The read line with Russia is crosed. Try to shot at Syria one more time. S-400 take out the TH anytime
Congratulation Commander Slough and your crew on a mission well doneWe are all proud of you and your service 
You go girl!!
God Bless you and your crew for taking care of this for the Syrian People.
It's a lie,but it is better than allowing a mad man to continue gassing innocent children
Good job
Why are we telling who did what with Tomahawk missiles sent to Syria got to be fake news Who would tell such a thing
What happened to Opsec? This is wrong! The enemy can read. Stop putting these brave souls CO & Crew at risk!
Why are you put a target on the backs of these Commanders! This is a war not a game! MilPers are ordered to keep personal data low profile!
All that damn bombing, the airstrip is STILL operational... Waste of ammunition, what an useless F-ing decsion
you are amazing and thank you for serving... thanks for your strong leadership and may God bless you
Somebody is not getting their 72 virgins. Abdulillah!!
If feminists were smart they'd use her as an example for the feminist movement instead of people like Lena Dunham.
Think she should be promoted to Captain.
Very proud of this Navy commander! She shows women can accomplish anything they set their minds to!
Thank You Ret usaf, keep safe.
Syria al Assad
President Donald Trump please take note; Tomahawk missiles fired from USS Porter commanded by Comdr. Andria Slough. Please commend her!
Ever notice that the feminist ignore women as Slough?
No feminist MSM coverage! Maybe they're waiting for these brace ladies to have a go at it!
—#BREAKING #news #fakenews #lepen #MFGA #USA #resist #LePen2017 #tcot #pjnet #themasters #art
#Quran
#SHARIA:

#TakeThat #Muslims—a #WOMAN
—#BREAKING #news #fakenews #trump #MAGA #USA #resist #SheInspiresMe #tcot #pjnet #themasters
#Quran
#SHARIA:

#TakeThat #Muslims—a #WOMAN
#Thank you for your service!
Kick ass shipmate
—#BREAKING #news #fakenews #trump #MAGA #USA #Sharia @lsarsour @Ayaan #SheInspiresMe #tcot #pjnet #themasters

#TakeThat #Muslims—a #WOMAN
Because it's a woman, that makes it okay? The gender doesn't matter.
Must we tell the enemy who the commander is?
Go Navy!
haters gonna hate, if President Trump had taken no action, the crybaby liberals would cry about that!!
This poor woman would have had to do another job rather than obey loose orders
Thanks Commander Sgt. Johnston Retired.
Here's what a hero looks like....
True #HERO!
#ShePersisted #IAmWithHer
Your commander in chief is a demented deranged senile bigot racist SOB. Don't blindly obey orders, think!
God Bless.  I am sorry our President made a mockery of our military.
Thank you for service Cmdr Slough
AMEN! AMEN! Cannot be said enough
and?...

Sorry to correct you @TheMasters @CBSSports A Golf Grand Slam is winning all 4 Majors the SAME year: Neither Jack or Tiger accomplished that

She just gave the order, it took a man to push the button.
The bridge of a  #US_Navy ship is gender neutral
 There is a mission to be fulfilled. Obey your orders and prepare to compete the mission!
...now she is HOT. ..
To Yellow snowflake cake as long as they were Muslim it's a good thing.
Thank you Andria for your service to our country. You make we patriots so proud!
Do you have the pictur of theCO of the other ship that fired Tomahawks also. Or is this just "female" only who get attention by the Navy.

When did the @USNavyEurope start running "Credits" on Operations? It's "Me" not "We" now?
Let's just put her name out there for all the crazies to know!?
They're self-guided missiles & capable of evading counterattacks, if you want to give credit to someone,it should be the Raytheon engineers.
Sarin Gas use is an act of War... treaties were signed ...Sarin is immediate unless you are far enough away... then it is inhumane torture
All the alpha males sitting around the strategy table, take note.
@carlquintanilla #USSPorter #Mediterranean yeeey! Greatjob! Wellmeasured action imsure the generals wanted more.
Wow, a woman commanding a warship.  Im so impressed.  Such bravery to launch missiles 300 miles away without threat of retaliation.
I didn't know that, but good for her. Sex don't matter, it's all about capability. Clearly this woman is the real deal.
@yolandazavala7 Andria Slough is a WOMAN young girls can look up to. Bet she doesn't wear pussy hats.
No she doesnt. She has also reached militarily speaking) a great accomplishmnt jst considering her rank. Why would u believ othrws?
I don't believe otherwise. As I said a great roll model for all women girls I'll add 4women in other countries. Courage & bravery
Women in Power. @RealJamesWoods @yesnicksearcy @KatiePavlich @DanaPerino @DLoesch @SenWarren @BrookeBCNN @DanaBashCNN @michellemalkin
#girlpower #maga
@chelseahandler lmfao, looks like a better version of you. Someone doing service for their country instead of maliciously against. #MAGA
girl power
Kudos to Cmdr. Slough. Job well done and thank you for representing the USA.
Is this normally public? Pretty big bullseye on her and her family. Sometimes we just talk too much about stuff that hour be quiet.
Andria exemplifies results of years of battle& bloodshed for true Patriotic feminism! NOT ALL THE DISCUSTING P*ssy HATS TRYING 2DESTROY
why is this information being spread out? now ppl will make her a target. dumbasses
Notice she isn't wearing a pussy hat!!
I am so glad you told me this b/c I didn't think Woman were capable. I wonder if she is the FRIST woman to push the button? Really Jake?
Great! You just made her family a target. Respect can be given anonymously until hostilities cease.
From a #ProudNavyVet Bravo Zulu to Cmdr. Andria Slough! Well done Commander!
#ImWithHer
Well gollee, a Navy ship i commanded  by  a female !!
This Commander has more gut and balls than her previous commander and chief....... sit down to pee Obama!
How is putting the Commanders name and picture out to the public a good idea? @Stonekettle
and spent many million not to take out the airport. syrian pilots laughing.
She followed her orders. Why is this a story?
Why are you putting this out there? We should be protecting our military and their families! Too many crazy people
@jes_chastain now this is a role model.
Why would anyone put this out? We need to protect our military personnel and their families!! Stupid
I can't help feeling a little extra bit of satisfaction that it was a Female that bombed those female hating bastards!
Whoohoo! Love our USNAVY! The sharks of the seas!
I am sure the US Navy are trying to make a point about Equality but all I see is a Patriot who a has to obey to a failing POTUS.
Why would you put her face all over the world So ISIS can see her face and know she pulled the trigger Is every one dealing with 1/2 a brain
Excuse me, but why would U brag about this. A mission that trump used 2 inflate ego Spend millions of dollars for a company he has stock in.
@jaketapper Whoa wait till Jared tells Daddy Don that a woman was in charge. On the other hand, now he has someone to blame.
Typical media tactic. Glorify service people in service of getting them to fight unnecessary wars started on lies:
Didn't she miss?
Great!! Praying for her wisdom & courage in leadership
It was a failed mission..
Why do you post names and pics of service members. It's not a sporting event. Don't glorify war. Plus you make targets of them/ family.
Such trooper , now that's what i called a woman
Bravo to her for her accomplishments as a woman in the armed forces.  But TBH, she has no choice but to follow orders, Trumps the AH.
You go girl!
SHE MISSED
She missed what?
Operation Pothole missed the runway. Assad's planes are bombing again. Another "Mission Accomplished"?
Why would you put someone's name out there what about there personal security
so
The American military is the best in the  -especially when it doesn't accomplish anything - except making a President look tough
Insulting that you think this is newsworthy.  Of course she did.
@jaketapper
