Lock Sessions Up. He broke the law.
He lied under oath. Recusal isn't enough. And we need an independent investigation.
Not enough, we want an independent investigation. And while you're at it, hold #texastownhall #hearourvoice #resist #persist
Senator, latest tweets mind-bogglng. Will increase turnout today at J Castro's rallies across TX #investigate party>country
Please call for an independent prosecutor.  Be a true patriot!
he can't he's in bed with them.   If not he should be a Patriot  and lead the investigation
, this is no longer just about the election.  We need a special pros to find out if our Pres is bought and paid 4
independent investigation Country>Party
INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. #DoYourJob #investigatetrump
OBAMA BOY?
@SariHorwitz Thanks for the update. We expect nothing but colossal errors and a clown show, regardless of who oversees it all.
Great news!
About time Sessions recused himself. Curious timing tho. Caught lying under oath THEN rescues himself. 
What r u getting out of delaying & avoiding #IndependentInvestigation & excusing what is happening? Who do u really represent?
As the paranoia now grows, the sociopath becomes a psychopath and the country - the planet - faces a painful decision
Hillary Clinton deserves Prison and not the White House.
@realDonaldTrump  RELEASE TRUMPS TAXES. WHY IS TRUMPMEETING WITH RYBOLOVLEVS? 
HE'S GONNA TAKE U WITH HIM JOHN
How does one "amend" their sworn testimony? If the Attorney General can do it, it sets a precedent. #lyingjeff
Sessionz must resign. He purgered himself. If the Constitution is still a thing, he HAS to go.
He needed to recuse himself and he needs to step down.  He committed perjury.  He is not above the law.
Russia did not interfere with the race at all, America did not want a Traitor and a Criminal in the White House
that's right go spend more American Tax Dollars on BS
are you worried senator of Texas?
We don't/can't/won't trust ANYONE associated with Trump! Where are YOUR town halls, Senator? You could have held one in Houston today!
I'm happy to see bipartisan support for this. Thank you. @fwgetinvolved
fact! There was no interference. Just some propaganda and useful truth revealed. They helped us. Ironic.
#Sessions should resign!
have you seen the latest POTUS tweets. Reprehensible. Not fit to rule. STand up GOP!
just more BS how could Sessions be trusted to appoint anyone resembling any INDEPENDENCE? He's a hack.
GREAT. Now, we need to start investigating.
2 words: special prosecutor. You should be demanding it.
JOHN don't think 4 Texas WE WANT THE WALL U best follow wat POTUS wants 4 Americas R U CAN BE RECALLED
@SariHorwitz It's not enough. This probe needs to be independent and of greater scope than meddling in the election.
Past time for a special prosecutor. The longer you wait the more info Trump can send to Russia.
time to start sedition investigation of dnc
You posting a story from the Wapo does mean you have done anything to help this situationplease work thru senate
How disgusting & disgraceful. You Republicans should be investigating Obama, Hillary, Soros & many Dems for treason & sedition.
, needs to be an independent investigation. Be a patriot and call for one!
Independent non-partisan is needed.
must look at his taxes!
Grateful that things r happening but what took so long?
this is a good start. But u know that const will not rest until this matter has been explored by IND BIP INVEST
Poetic, ironic karma. Love.
Is he not in Session's chain of command? Unacceptable!
Sir, your constituents want an independent investigation on this. We're watching & we vote.
did you hear Pence private server was hacked sound familiar no info Party loyalty?
the only solution is independent investigation
@POTUS was right. You don't know how to win. It's time to fight. Get stuff done or get out. My zip code is 78132
Recusal is not enough. Sessions should resign. #SessionsMustResign
Is this a glimmer of you acceptance of the depth of the collusion? Save USA, step up, fulfill your oath
Senator.  You and the Republicans just don't get it. Get a new tougher playbook. U are letting down the ppl
How about that Presidential tone this week?
stop ducking out Texans senator. Hold town halls.
Good! Now support a full in investigation and get that wanker out of the WH.
Dems should rethink their hand. Manufacturing lies is not so good.
About time
you saw excessive, defensive tweets from @realDonaldTrump this morn? save the GOP brand w/bipartisan team to #investigatetrump!
Even YOU have to see that Jeffy brazenly lied. There are no 'do overs' in politics. Show some backbone and call for resignation.
Will you push, instead, for an independent investigation?
If Sessions meeting w/Kislyak at RNC was innocent, why lie under oath about it?
