It's absolutely about Mike Flynn. And Carter Page, Roger Stone and Paul Manafort.
All presidents have to contend with leaks. It's not uncommon.
what is uncommon is a President who is both outwardly hostile to the intelligence community and pro-Putin.
There is mounting evidence from numerous sources that Donald Trump is unfit to lead AND is compromised by Russia.
I understand I don't have a majority voice and that you can block out my views whenever you like. That's your choice,
But if you're suggesting that intel operatives who sincerely believe the President is compromised are somehow a national problem
Then you're complicity unpatriotic and ought to resign your elected post.
- u are so out of touch with your constituents it's painful. the fact that u don't care what Flynn did is criminal. #uworkforus
no it's about corrupt trump being impeached and investigating all the criminals in that administration!!
as well ad those who turn a blind eye. Americans will remember who stood by trump and who stood by what was right!
no its about Trump's taxes and Russain influence into the election and trumps administration. Release his taxes
"What are you smoking?" - Sweden & every sane person on earth
so correct!  It's about WHO TOLD HIM TO DO "IT".  The whistleblower is not the issue.  You know it.
it is about the Russians intruding in our democracy
maybe you should have a town hall.  It's a big state--maybe 4 or 5.
we need you stand up and ask for an independent investigation.
yes it is and it's about President Trump's ties to Russia and their influence on him.
it actually IS about him, and Trump. It's so hypocritical to say Hillary threat'd our safety with emails when Flynn mtg w Russia
Right. It's about treason. #impeachtrumpnow
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give you 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did you have a direct line from Russia too?
You're right. It's about colluding with a hostile foreign power to throw an election.
, please don't fall for "the leak is the story" propaganda.  You are too smart for that.
when did you get so unreasonable?  Come back towards the center John.
It is absolutely about Mike Flynn.  Its not about the leakers, its about the information you are trying to hide from the people
Uh..its NOT about Flynn. Its about Trump and his treasonous administration. Are u for them or against them? Says a lot about u.
a bit disingenuous?? Blind to the questions right in front of you. It's genuinely scary. Sincerely, your constituent.
Trump is dangerous to Texas. Investigate Trump/Russian ties.  I am a constituent
I have a 2 questions for you, Senator. Are you concerned about the Trump administrations ties to Russia? Can we have a townhall?
Are you home? #TownHall
Stop ducking and dodging, disconnecting your local phone lines and do a town hall, and not the Culberson phone-in stunt either.
nope. Wrong again. You're getting pretty good at being on the wrong side of vital issues.
It actually IS about Mike Flynn. And the rest of Trump's Russia ties. When will you back bipartisan investigation?
right, it's about Russia manipulating our government.
Senator- why did the Senate approve Pruitt without all of the information?
It is about Flynn. And @realDonaldTrump. And @GOP. And Putin. #resistance
I'd like to see you have the same outrage about Russian interference in our election.  Demand independent investigation now!
Yes it is about Flynn. Quit trying to deflect it.
how about that town hall?
Wrong again, Cornyn
Flynn 3rd to resign bc of Russian ties. Now national security endangered. Put your country ahead of party and stop covering up.
Nope. It's about @realDonaldTrump and the corruption he has brought us. Why aren't you outraged?  Put your country first!
It's ALSO about Flynn, the more you deny the less credible you seem to your constituents, myself included
this is your chance make Texas proud and do the right thing. This should not be about party over country
It's about Mike Flynn & more importantly, it's about what did president know and when did he know it. Do your job & investigate.
I thought you believed in personal accountability.  How can the person responsible for an action not be who it is about?  I vote
Stand up for USA, instead of R party only and investigate Russian hacking/connections with Trump campaign #failingpresident
Well said Mr. Hanna.
Tell us your thoughts on investigating Trump and Russian connection.  Let’s do a town hall!  C'mon, John: you represent US.
It's not about Nixon, it's about Deep Throat. That's the real problem. 
when gov officials are lying to the public and the FBI they should be fired. You would have preferred this to be kept secret?
standing by your man. This is all about party/power not Statesmanship/love of Constitution and country
Is the truth now the Enemy of the People? Why don't you move to Russia, you'd fit right in. #PuppetPresident  #ComradeCornyn
How about hosting a Town Hall in Houston area? Are you going to investigate @realDonaldTrump Russian ties?
where are your values and where is your decency?  Do you have any convictions?
Well then get an independent, bipartisan commission to prove that it's not about Flynn. Quit letting Trump pimp your integrity.
It looks like flynn committed treason, and you're worried about the whistleblower? Funny, never heard you come out against Comey
it's about You not doing your job. When are you showing up to do a Town Hall?
Valid concerns but what is our recourse in the face of constant "alternative facts" from this administration?
Its about corruption in D.C
Sir, please hold a town hall so you can explain this to your constituents in person & listen to our response.
If there is even the slightest possibilty of an indiscretion with Russia...IT BETTER BE INVESTIGATED! Or you are complicit too.
Coward.
you are right. It is about all of the corrupt mostly Republican politicians
It is actually.  That leak resulted in exposing Flynn's wrongdoings, providing needed transparancy and we are better for it.
.@JohnCornyn and what if the source of the leak works out to be 45's unsecured phone?
It's about a pre-POTUS giving orders to puppet/Flynn, then letting him to take the fall. Trump=Treason
.@JohnCornyn So bringing to light someone's criminal activities is disparaging them? Really? Well ya! It's called whistle blowing.
Okay, so what about the fact that @POTUS is attacking the #FreePress, undermining the #1stAmendment? Do you care about that?
No, it's about Trump's treason so DO YOUR JOB.  Or in two years we will hire someone who will.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA That is all.....

Republicans say ‘I’m not just gonna stand here and let you run down America,’ well ur standing there now and letting Trump run down America. 
Stop deflecting and investigate! If this was happening to a democrat in the WH, you'd already be investigating the POTUS
you own this guy we won't let you forget
You to scared to have town hall ?
no it isn't...it should be about all of Trumps cabinet choices and their relationship to Russia.
No John it is about Russia can't wait for your election !
Republicans are achieving great success at inspiring Democrat voter registration & participation. You'll be out of a job soon.
it's about Flynn and much more.  Are you blind!?  You do remember #Watergate
You're right, it's about who ordered that traitor. Do your job! Get on the right side of history, Investigate.
if you gave time to tweet, why are u not meeting with the people u represent?
The information was leaked not to damage Michael Flynn personally, but to show the administration's collusion with a foreign gvt
do ur job and Investigate Trump!
The emoluments clause is not being enforced by you and your comrades. with republican complicity the republic is endangered
We have concerns about trumps unnatural relations with our enemy, and the number of people in WH with connections to Russia
IMHO article says leak is illegal.I agree,but now leak is out,which IS about Flynn talking to Russians,#3 in @POTUS's team.
You could meet with constituents this week. Your SA office actually said they had no idea of your sched. "You're very busy!"
I suggest you read Federalist Paper 22 John. We have questions and without you talking to us we will continue to demand invest
You and your comrades aren't defending our constitution or our country from a foreign government.
subpoena Dr. William Thompson of the CDC immediately to testify of the vaccine study FRAUD!!!!! @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence
since our MOC dies nothing but defend POTUS, those who are "leaking" info about a potential Russian incursion are heroes
it's about 45 colluding with Russia and your party willfully ignoring that.
But that doesn't exempt the need to uncover the relationship between the WH and Kremlin, which is too damn cozy.
Town Hall? When/Where???
It's about a corrupt Republican Party, John 
One arm of the Republ breaks the Law, the other looks away 
Shame on The Republ
it seems that your comrades are complicit with 45. It looks like you are covering your complicity with Russian connections
but congress refuses to investigate Russian connection with 45. You voted to not require 45 to provide tax returns
You see, you and your comrades in congress are supposed to be the check on executive power and abuse
Let's say we agree in theory with Adam Klein, are you saying it ok for 45 to publicly demean the IC and assault the 1st amend?
Senator, it’s ALL about THE VOTERS - You refuse to TALK to us & just do the bidding of your high $ donors. #TownHall ASAP
the crime is NOT EXPOSING flynn's criminal activity. the crime is the FLYNN's treasonous behavior, perjury and the coverup.
where we disagree is the purpose. Not to hurt Flynn, to protect the US. I'd love to discuss at a town hall.
So, no concern at all about potentially compromised (BY RUSSIA!!!) administration? Just upset about the means it became public?
I understand the concerns about the leaks, and that's valid, but none at all over possibility of Russian infiltration?
leaks? w/out timeline this could be PROTECTED whistleblowing and the WHOTUS covering up! (yates case in point). #investigatehim
as your constituent I am appalled. DJT knew and did nothing. Flynn lied to FBI. We aren't stupid. Sally Yates is a true hero.
Can ya'll do something about John McCain? He is out of control. Needs to be silenced.
These leaks are due to GOP ignoring the chaos in the WH. It is due to the fires you continue to flame.
https://www.lawfareblog.com/lets-talk-about-house-intel-chairman-devin-nunes-pointing-finger-fbi …
You are protecting a traitor? He lied to FBI. If there were no leaks he would still be there. Independent investigation NOW!
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/dec/10/fbi-russia-trump-election-harry-reid-james-comey-wikileaks …
Stop with the distractions and do your job, Senator.
why did Flynn lie to the FBI?
You're right. It's not about Flynn. It's about @POTUS lying to the American people and collaborating with the Russian gov't.
Let's discuss at a town hall.
Russian intel stole & published data from Democratic party, all while talking regularly w/Trump campaign
Flynn was railroaded ! He is a fine man! Fire everyone left from  the Tratior regime of the Bushes & Obamas!Drain the Swamp
it's about the Russian agent you helped elect president.
when the devil comes for his due you maybe just might regret selling your soul #nointegrity #partyovercountry
Hahaha! The hypocrisy is real!
Country over party! Treason is treason. Call for an Indpt investigation of Russian ties 2 current WH admin. Town Hall in Texas!
You Repubs think Flynn was a victim! He worked with hostile nation against US interests! But you blame US Intel community??
as your constituent, it's about POTUS putting Russian mole in NSC, then firing when it became public.
Oh my god, you are SO OUT OF TOUCH. Retire in 2020. Or sooner. We're going to vote you out anyway.
#GOP needs to stop whining about leaks and journalists with brains.
so the leaks are the issue, not potential collusion with Russia?
.@JohnCornyn you can worry about both. You should be more concerned about sedition with Russia, and who knew about it, when?
It's a lot more than you suggest. IC sees compromised NSA, waited 2w for WH to act on official report, then leaked.
- if there's nothing to hide, no harm in indep comm & spec prosecutor. Treason vs tax cuts & demolishing healthcare & envt?
Russia and it's ties to the administration is one of the most important topics for a #TownHall.
If you knew about Flynn and did nothing then thank heavens for leaks.  The Russian mess is a danger to our democracy. Shame.
Senator I don't give a damn about Flynn but I'm disappointed in ALL Sr Republicans not saying anything to #TRUMP when he derails
Stop with the red herrings, Senator. Whistleblowers are protected for a reason. If you support this injustice, you are complicit
Can't both be True? He isn't going to be arrested. Possibly because the evidence is unadmissible. But he still committed the act
I don't know how you got elected.  You're a complete traitor.
we the people demand an independent investigation, we will not stop until the facts are known, do your job!
Then It's about YOUR corruption & unwillingness to serve your constituents and the USA. Coward.
all of that is troubling, but it seems unlikely that it would've been released if not for the context. Something stinks in WH
could the leaker have known the info in that article and still leaked out of a bigger concern? I want to know more. Investigate!
Do you feel that the media is the enemy of the people, too?
#GreatQuestion
How about an answer, John?
Nope! Wrong direction. Leaks are not the issue, treason is. Come to Texas so you can hear what your constituents have to say!
6) This sure feels like a time of crisis in MY America, the America for ALL Americans, where we are all valued & respected.
Right wingers only care about HOW Trump being a traitor got leaked, not that he's a Traitor.
They put Russia ahead of USA
boo hoo, uncharted waters
5) REAL PATRIOTS put country before party, especially in times of crisis.
Tell me who going to be next on your"enemy of the people" list ?
Keep at it, #Komrade! “War is peace. Freedom is slavery. Ignorance is strength.” #сделатьамерикиздоровоснова
John Texans are starting to wonder if you benefited from this. Is trump/Russia buying you off? Do your damn job and investigate
4) It's time to take a stand or go down with the ship, Senator.  Join McCain or history will not be pretty to you.
How did the classified briefing go last night? Tweets like this show we need an independent commission to investigate.
also. The FBI used MURDER to get MLK out of public life.
classification isn't a cloak to hide illegal or immoral activities by the admin. That'd be the real issue here
bottom line: ur const do not trust DJT bc of Russ infl. We r wrong? Prove it! Enuf abt the leaks. Constituents deserve to know.
and btw Jeff Sessions needs to recuse himself.
3)  You trying to get ahead of Comey's warning here?  Not gonna work. Honestly, Texans trust him more than you. How's that feel?
Until there is a independent investigation the truth will never be told .Its not about party any more.Its about America
you are also a fool
are you really going to the mattresses for this administration? Are you really going to abandon the American people? Guess so.
please represent Texans who supported the president by casting our votes for him. SUPPORT TEXAS!
You know the truth Your too worried about your party and power My guess is Bannon is doing the leaks and it being covered up
No, its about saving democracy.  We know you don't care about that though.  I'll bet you were one of the ones who hated Soviets.
If the concern you see is leaks, look into Russian leaks during campaign and who benefitted. Then you said source wasn't issue
2) By focusing on the leak, not the conspiracy, what are you trying to hide here?  This stinks.  THE EYES OF TEXAS ARE UPON YOU
2 issues: leaking & contact. U can work on contact investigating it. Indepedent investigation now.
1) You didn't care when it was the DNC.  This is a double standard, Senator.
Jen, you're not paying attention. The DNC was warned. They ignored the warning. Flynn issue is political sabatoge.
It's a little bit about Flynn. How was your big meeting yesterday? #howlongtil46
2. World are on all of u!
It sure as shit is.
It's about both, but mostly about the person U&your comrades have closed your eyes &stuck your head in the sands. The eyes of
You're correct. It's about the plutocrat party accepting possibly treasonous behavior since they believe 45 will back plunder!
Come to Texas, John, and explain to this Republican how you are giving my country away.
Seems to me it's just us two, this AM. Explain why you won't come to Texas. Have some courage and go on the record.
And... nobody, Senator, nobody... knows precisely where those leaks came from. Bannon benefited. But who knows?
it's about having an independent investigation to get to the bottom of the  connections
