WATCH: Sen. @JohnCornyn says it's a mistake to "personalize this to President Trump... this is Russia" on investigations in the Senate. #MTP 
Focus should be on @GOP aiding and abetting Russian interference by giving 100% support to Trump administration.
So you're fine with trump & co. Working with Russia to win an election?  Ready to completely overlook collusion?
Stop with the Russia crap!!!
He conspired with a foreign country!
How do you focus on that when Trump colludes with Russia and won't reveal his financial ties to Russia and his clear affinity with Putin?
Focus should be on Putin, his oligarchs, and the Trump collaborationists. You pretend to be tough but let corrupt Trumps off the hook. #maga
#ImpeachTrumpNow
Well damn.... you finally said something that made sense.
I'm with you Comrade Johnny!! The world should have concentrated German nationalism and left poor old Adolf alone.  You're an idiot.
If only you'd remove your lips from the hind quarters of the biggest traitor of all!
Keep supporting your comrade @realDonaldTrump.  Increasing chances of you getting voted out. #byebye #VoteOut #corrupt #PissedConstituent
Why do you continue standing up for this president? #treason#constitution
I agree that Russian interference is an urgent problem. I just don't see you doing much about it.
Oligarchy:  a government in which a small group exercises control especially for corrupt and selfish purposes.
Then please step away from this administration
@MeetThePress John, welcome to TRUTH. This is serious. Our president has colluded with this adversary to undermine our election
Stop spending my money on Investigating our election with regard to Russia. How about investigate the uranium deal
Your with Russians too!
Still can't believe you're siding with Trump. He's a bad guy, & Texas will remember your complicity when the dust clears. #VetsAgainstTrump
It's easy to talk the talk. It's hard to post proof to back the  coming out of your mouth.
Then you disapprove of this?
I am appalled that a senator from my state would make statements in defense of this treasonous president!
Take $ from lobbyists for bad hc bill √
Overlook Russian collusion  √
Ignore Texans for $  √
Go on MTP  & lie like hell √
Spin, Spin, Spin. You sound like a member of  Trumps PR staff...
So you'll speak out about potus giving the spy compounds back as it appears he wants to do, right?
Ha ha ha ha. You're not getting out of this one. Try some more B.S.
Tell that to the idiot who is currently the President!
So Johnny don't let trump have our voting records. They can be use to focus online disinformation & propaganda just like Russia does.
A missed point is that th Russians saw an in with one party &  one candidate! This is the point, not fear of the enemy rather the enemy w/in
Agreed, but it keeps pointing to @realDonaldTrump
...and the Americans who either abetted them, or turned a blind eye.
Speaking of abetting , who was it that got the question before the debates ?
The difference between getting debate questions from a cable news network and SEEKING opp research from a foreign adversary is staggering.
That's a piss poor reason you gave. Show me the proof! We got it on Hillary.
Your focus should be on getting Obama care taken out! The time is now!
You must be ready to retire. DUMP TRUMP
Y r u & the gop intent on 4kn average citizens? Is this how u want 2 b remembered? Using ur life&position 2 enrich the  rich is disgraceful
Let's change who's in charge! Impeach!
Kushner, & sessions have lied on SF86. That is  a FELONY. They should all lose clearance and be prosecuted to the fullest
Then please tell your GOP friends in the house to support the Russia sanctions bill. Why are they stalling it?
Senator, I'm glad you recognize the #Russian threat. But it's absurd to ignore the ties to the person you pledge your allegiance too.
It should be about Russia not personalized to just one politician there are pics all over the net of politicians with Russian not just Trump
True, it isn't JUST about Trump. Plenty of people are involved. What, exactly, are you doing about it?
Focus should be on why everyone with the last name Trump is fucking lying about Russian contacts??
Well, would that be your perspective if Obama was still president? Bulllshit, John, we see right through your lies
At some point,Senator,you all will have to own him or he will own you.It is your job to investigate.Please show us your Dirksen/Baker side.
Nice try. Put some  effort into investigating this Administrations involvement with the Russians. Aren't there some emails to investigate?
Good God. Can you just answer the question? Is it a "hoax"?
Excuse me Mr Cornyn, it is not we who personalized this to Trump, it was he and his cartel. Don't insult our intelligence, sir.
Don't listen to him; he's any idiot
Focus must also be on any American who aids Russia.
Oh yes, nothing personal Senator. Nothing that any Trump did was wrong
Democrats have not colluded with our enemies. Just #TraitorTrump and his family. Revoke Kushner's security clearance. Country before party!
Except the people in charge worked with Russia you trump puppet
You said let Trump be Trump and now here u are defending him. You and your party are #traitors #partyofcollusion
There would b no need personalize if Trump & fam had NOT colluded!  Be a patriot and put country over party & ur greed

Focus is in the right source TRUMP no TAX RETURNS Neopotism  still making money on his businesses How dirty are you john? Impeach him!
This is the party of Russia and have colluded with Putin
#Cowardcornyn always places party over country #trumpPuppet. You've been sold out the country and are a #traitor

Agreed but then why is no REP criticizing @realDonaldTrump for his family's part in this? wrong is a wrong-speak out if you want our support
Focus is on a traitor to America Mr Cornyn where is your loyalty to a traitor why are you supporting treason? This is a lying Trump issue
Until and unless Trump acknowledges the problem with Russia, no one will believe the GOP is truly interested in doing anything about it.
Then there should be sanctions for those Americans that facilitate it.
Ok John - we are just going to tie you to the trump train.
Think we should focus on the stooge they currently put into office. Then we can prevent it from happening again.
Clinton would not be actively seeking to reward Russia for their cyberattack of the election. @GOP inaction leaves us at risk.
Thank you and I appreciate that.  It should be on that right now.
Focus is to get the terriorist traitors out of our government Trump Jared Bannon Sessions and sanction the dsylights out of Russia
And If those in charge worked with Russia to undermine election....
Great tell your President that
Isn't your committee focusing on Russia. Then you should be multi-tasking and trying to REPAIR THE ACA.
@MeetThePress My Lord! Must you embarrass us constantly! Have you NO morals left!? IMPEACH HIM!
Agree--so what the hell are you going to DO about it? Stop pulling the party line and ACT! Sincerely, YOUR constituent
I agree with you senator cornyn!
So,if Russia meddled,&preferred
Trump,&tried 2, maybe actually did, help him;we're supposed to care going forward?Where was ur concern then?
It would be a mistake if his son hadn't directly colluded with them. You are right it matters for any prez, but he must be held accountable
Yes it should be....and definitely on trump and his family for abetting this! U r foolish if u think he is innocent!
Focus should be on repealing #Obamacare  instead of promoting Russia #FakeNews #RINO #traitor
No you crook, you are leading in a cover-up for DJT Party over country Taxes break 4 rich over health 4 poor #SHAMEonYOU #TexasVoteHimOut
You are an embarrassment to the great State of Texas.
Talk to Trump.  He does not believe it
You know what would help?   Asking questions about Russia in your intel hearings instead of ones about leaks and Hillary, you partisan hack.
But it IS personalized to DJT. And what, exactly, are you doing about that? #DoYourJob #TurnTXBlue #Beto2018
Focus should also be on an administration that actively colluded with Russia to influence the election. Your attempt to skip that part-sad.
Only libtards believe the #FakeNews Einstein
Name calling and that "fake news" BS. How original.
Well said, by a guy who puts party over country.
You're complicit in #TrumpRussia john. You've been protecting trump. Party/power above country, right you traitor?
We agree, so #ImpeachTrumpNow and purge the traitors.
The Dems and media have become quasi agents for Russia by continuing to do there dirty work. Putin must be elated.
POTUS has personalized this. I expect you to speak out and condemn the outrageous POTUS tweets
Sad it took the failure of #Trumpcare to finnaly acknowledge #RussiaGate. So what are YOU going to do about Russia attacking the #usa?
Absolutely! But @realDonaldTrump is the one in charge who is allowing it to happen. #WorstSenatorEver #WeWillRemember
No, John, the focus should be on removing Big Don and his craven supporters such as yourself. We won't forget this.
Like you GAF! You supported the 2016 hack! Hell you probably coordinated the effort with Moscow!
@MeetThePress -Russia is active threat. But GOP will be complicit if fail to seriously investigate collusion. Mounting evidence
I'm confident you'd say the same if it were O. Oh wait....I'm not at all. Sorry.
Face it Sean, democrats would rather hate on Trump than promote their own agenda. At least that's what the Liberal WaPo found in this poll.
The Resistance is fighting Putin's means & influence, which unfortunately includes POTUS (& the complicit GOP). History will document this.
Except the guy in charge seems to have wittingly colluded with Russia to influence our democratic election. #45 won't criticize Putin...hmmm
It may be because of "honest" screw ups...but those are the facts.
Am I wrong...since the fall of Communism the USA has been involved in destabilizing the world...not Russia.
You are throwing in with bad actors. Consider what destruction this will cause the country.
So ignore investigations into collusion by a sitting president? Wow, you are writing yourself into one awful chapter of US history John.
The problem dude is the guy in WH isn't willing to do anything about after benefiting from their efforts.
I agree, Senator, I just hope you don't let your unflagging support for Trump cloud your ability to see reality.
Not sure what to say anymore, ur constituents r telling you hourly, daily where we feel ur focus should be, nothing from you! #Johntheweak
True, except our current president literally went on stage and asked Russia to hack an American citizen, and wants to undo sanctions.
I would agree totally - if we had a president who took the same approach vs ours- who wants to deny everything or shift blame
Why do you not have a problem with Trump not caring that Russia has undermined our country? Don't you find that suspicious?
It is for goodness sake.  Part of that is the Trump campaign involvement.  Weak attempt at deflection Mr. Corning.
Cornyn
Is that why in hearings regarding Russian collision you've asked zero questions about Russia?
Obama new Russia was hacking & did nothing! Now GOP don't want Trump to do his job! Pathetic GOP!
No all countries have interfered! Allow Trump to do his job! Congress can't even get bills passed!
Collins is 1 of 100 Senators.its ok to vote against bill, but what gives her the right to vote against ALLOWING the other 99 to debate? RT
That's right John protect the @GOP at all cost. You are truly not a man America needs right now.
but he's the one that invited it and encouraged it...do his words mean nothing #ScaredFatOldWhiteGuys
So we should ignore what they've already done and just worry about what they might do? I thought 45 was partnering w/Putin on cybersecurity
We'll focus on the elected officials who's statements and actions fail to address the Russia concerns. How can the Trump admin improve here?
Ian glad you have something to say here.  Please ensure our President is held to account as appropriate. He seems to not share your concern
