Dishonest as usual.
Trump called for a muslim ban when he was campaigning. That is what he had in mind when signing that travel ban exec order. Discrimination!!
she's washed up.  of little value. she wasn't worth the $$ we paid her when she wasn't "former".
Except it was different bans. You are losing your credibility. Starting to lie as much as POTUS. STEP BACK AND THINK WHAT IS IMPORTANT.
Stop lying-some people buy your twisted stories
Not true. SCOTUS allowing all with valid visas and connection via work school family friends. U were a judge u should know better than lying
Is this entirely true or does it serve your purpose. My kid gets lectured for not entirely true stuff. We deserve better.
I rarely agree with you, but I did not realize how much of a fool you are until this year.  Merits of the case will be heard in October.
Actually, no.  Narrow ruling for Trump, very narrow.  Visa holders, students, family members, etc... from those countries still coming.
Citing a #FakeNews source of choice. It's not over till it's over, but I see that you're salivating over this #MuslimBan opportunity.
#Shame
You're distorting facts again Senator. The court has not heard the case. Please be truthful & don't mislead.
Did they?  Only part of it can be used.
Actually they didn't...
Case did not even reach the merits.  Arguments in the fall.
Spreading fake news?  SCOTUS has not made any final ruling on the travel ban.
You're still mad she humiliated you when she testified, huh?

SCOTUS has not heard argument and has not made a final ruling. Aren't you supposed to be a lawyer?
She should take some of em to her house
Beside the point. And dangerous to USA.
The point of the travel ban was for Trump to review our security policies. Couldn't he have done that by now with or without the ban?
Stop lying! SCOTUS looked at the revised travel ban issued AFTER Yates was fired for standing against the first unconstitutional  version
Yates I guess you lied about the travel ban!
Yet another lie by a dim.  Will they ever learn?  I think not.

While you continue to share these articles we Texans remember #TrumpCareKills and what you are doing to the 50-65 voters.
@Anna_Giaritelli And? We disagree with the unlawfulness of the treasonous GOP politicians in WH. What's UR point?
Remember when she embarrassed you (or you embarrassed yourself) in that hearing about Putin controlling your party?
Wrong again, John. Yet another lie. SCOTUS agreed to hear the case, and said "FU" to a total ban that 45 wanted.
She's an Obama lackey!
Sort of
The Supreme Court is undecided about most of it.   Why are you misleading people?
SCOTUS is looking at the 2d travel ban, & it seems they don't agree on ALL of it. You were a judge. U should know how this works. #hypocrite
Yates is a liberal fool who had a duty to defend the @Potus ‘ orders and did not. Disgraceful.
Someone's doesn't know how SCOTUS works. Sorry for your luck Texas.
The better option is remove age restrictions  from Medicare and let it be for all. A got run healthcare.
Actually she was right in a portion of the ruling as SCOTUS showed
Apparently the staffers these Senators pay to tweet are as big of asshats as you Senators are!
Get busy on the Healthcare and get off Twitter!
No the case hasn't been heard on its merits. That's happening in October. Don't rely on DJT twitter for your news.
It's a dangerous precedent to set when scotus approves of systematic discrimination of a religion. Let's not repeat mistakes of the past.
Nope, they did no such thing, Senator Forehead. They simply stayed 1 part of the injunction until they can hear the full case later. You lie
You do know that they're not the same ban, right?
The nip she put in your ego still smarts, huh? Your comment is another example of your lack of legal intelligence.
They really didn't. They upheld one small portion of the second version of the ban, which Yates wasn't asked to defend bc she'd been fired
Your assessment of SCOTUS and Yates is totally dishonest.
She'll make a great 9th circuit judge.
Once again. The Washington Examiner isn't credible. I'm personally embarrassed when you quote it
That's not necessarily true which is why they took up the case. Their view will be made known later. Just remember the stolen SCOTUS seat.
Not true.  Their ruling is and will be problematic once the details are sorted out. It will be lawyermania
He is bought and paid for by gop
No, they didn't. And you know they didn't. And you just don't care.
Notice that Countries that Trump does business with were left out,,Saudi Arabia the home of 9-11 attackers you Texas twit
What happened to closing the door??? 
"Fake News" SCOTUS will review bill for 90 Days. Any Muslim with family here, a job here or going to school here will not be denied entry.
Check out the WaPo article. Different take.
No they don't. They said to let a watered down version be used til next term, then they would review it. Sri can't tell the truth. 

How about dealing with more CURRENT events!
They have not ruled yet! They haven't heard the case!!
Trying to change the subject from awful #CornynTrumpCare? Did you read the SCOTUS ruling? They will hear case in the fall. Not yet decided.
HELLO @JohnCornyn We need to have a conversation about your false and misleading tweets. #HoldTownHall
That puts them at odds with most rational Americans too John.
Lawfulness and prejudice are sadly two different things
John that attitude right there, divides us,makes all of us unsafe. party over country is your mantra and having a brain like Yates is bad.
Stand Together Republicans with President Trump and our Country Support health care Bill, Great Job Senator Cornyn
just proves she is a liberal shill ......and  firing her was justified day by day we learn how right DJT is!
Weren't you a judge once? You should know that a grant of certiorari isn't a decision on the merits. SCOTUS didn't do anything of substance
hi John how's the whip count?
Not exactly. But hey, you do you. Your take on truth has slipped beyond recognition. #2020 #goodbye
That is a very misleading statement Senator. SCOTUS hasn't truly ruled on the travel ban, just altered it until hearing in fall. #dobetter
Also, they did not rule on it yet. Just allowed a limited scope. Ruling to come later.
Duh
Meanwhile our election process was the target of cyberwarfare and your administration is doing jack sh!t about it.
The Muslim Ban 1 was questioned by Deputy AG Yates not version 2.  Version 1 would certainly not have passed muster with SCOTUS
you were a lawyer and then you were a judge. how is it possible that you don't understand what it means when SCOTUS grants cert to a case?
SCOTUS will not decide on this until Oct. Are you having a series of senior moments? I'm worried about your ability to identify reality.
When was the last time you told the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth? My guess is never.
When was trump EVER concerned about truth? trump is NOT an honorable man. trump IS a pathological liar. To defend him is morally wrong.
She refused to enforce the FIRST ban, which was blatantly unconstitutional.
Liar
Actually,  not really.   They have yet to decide.   Do you know what you're doing?  Thinking not.
Ok? You're a talented legal mind & know that's a very reasonable disagreement. She acted ethically, was fired & its over. Now back to BCRA..
That is not true. They have not even heard the case yet. Stop lying like your boss.
Bullshit.. thats NOT what they said.. but then again youre a liar.
Maybe that's why she's former AG. Who cares what she thinks anyway. Must be getting ready to run for office. And we know she doesn't like DT
Not yet they haven't.
That's fake news senator. They are not hearing the case till October stop lying to Americans. #TheResistance
They haven't heard the case to disagree with it yet.
They have agreed to hear the case. What do you gain from lying about such easily verified things? Your head must be a beehive of dissonance
As usual you are LYING!! They have not heard arguments on the travel ban! WHY can't GOP just tell the TRUTH! Vote this traitor out of office
When the legislative and executive branches merge into one big orange pile of shit. Cornyn is a fool carrying Trump's water
If it was based on National Security Saudi Arabia would be included
This is the watered down version.... but don't confuse your rhetoric with the facts
Since when did SCOTUS pass a verdict? They agreed to hear the case. Do you assume your constituents aren't paying attention?
She deserved to be fired!
You. Are. A. Liar. It's shocking how low you will go. #worstsenatorinUSA
That tweet could have gone to @tedcruz too
You. Are. A. Liar. It's shocking how low you will go. #worstsenatorinUSA
Lol.  That's true!
We disagree with your ill conceived, shady, low down attempts to decimate health care while giving your cronies billions in tax breaks.
Yates is correct.  Texas says your wrong for not holding a town hall. I smell chicken $&$&.
The court has agreed to review the case. They haven't decided anything. You were judge; it's really disingenuous of you to lie about this.
Lies
Thought it wasn't a 'ban' & WH rescinded 1storder she said was unconstitutional-you're such a hack! @All100Senators @dcexaminer

Oh John, selective lying seems to be your forte. Please learn to tell the whole story, not just the part that fits your twisted agenda.
Yates is a partisan hack.
President Trump was right AGAIN. Making America Great Again.
I thought it's now a suspension, not a ban. It's really hard to keep up, isn't it?
Um... no it doesn't. READ the decision.
Your ability to tell partial truths is amazing.
SCOTUS doesn't disagree. Will not decide until next term. Just didn't think an injunction was the proper temporary remedy,so crafted one.
49 million uninsured by 2026.  Senate death bill...
@SCOTUS is wrong.
What's up with Trump's 90 days?
Trump said we needed travel ban for 90 days 2 put together "extreme vetting." Its been 5 mos. Why still need ban? Where the extreme vetting?
Any thing to attack a woman is what all the GOP does when they are not stealing your health care for the 1 precent
And this is why she was fired for putting a political agenda before The Law. Good Riddance Sally.
What many do not recognize is the religion Yates is referring to is also a political ideology with its own laws in conflict with US Constitu
They also limited it...  just saying.  It's also intended to be temporary - remember that part?
is that what the SC stated or are U DRAWING a conclusion, based on??? @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @PoliticalDiscor
Not really. Bless your heart.
Really? It's not the same version that she commented on. Biased reporting by our TX rep y'all. 
Nice.
Republicans are ALL liars, and Texans just keep voting them in.  What can you expect?
What had POTUS done in ~150 days to make travel safer while waiting on the travel ban?!? NADA. This is all a sham to appease the vile base
No official ruling on case...
SCOTUS hasn't ruled on jacksh!t yet. Stop lying to us, "Big John". We also won't forget your desire to kick 15 million off Medicaid.
They have only issued a partial stay.  Don't go shouting victory yet!
The exceptions in the SCOTUS ruling have essentially made the travel ban mute. Any Ramsey al Kaboom types will easily find a sponsor.
I disagree with you kicking millions of people off their health care #Deathcare
No. No they don't. They haven't even heard the case yet. This is a temp stay.
Really? That’s what most of the people that would be (and were illegally) denied entry under the ban - glad you call it a ban - are allowed?
No shit!! She's was an honorable truthful person....scouts,not so much!
I call liar. SCOTUS hasn't even heard the case, and it actually deals with Travel Ban EO.2 NOT the one Yates didn't defend. Quit lying to us
#TrumpcaresUnAmerican Again with the half truths.
Sally Yates owned during your questioning.  Her intellect and integrity shown through.
No. That's not what the
No they didn't. This is a blatant lie. Yates objected to 1st ban that even the WH counsel said was unconstitutional.
Stop Lying to us!
#TrumpcaresUnAmerican He's quoting the Washington Examiner. They are worse than Bots.
No they didnt. They took up the revised ban and continued to block large parts of it - even before trial on the merits. Stop lying to us.
Sharing Fake News again
Yates is correct!  SCOTUS will come to the same conclusion after the 90 days are up!
Yep. Their 90days will have expired before they take it up again in the fall which is significant. @neal_katyal not worried & I trust him.
Are you feeling so ambivalent about kicking so many off their healthcare that you just had to have a little pick me up?  #TurnTXBlue
They ruled on it or is this just to mislead your constituents?
No it doesnt. It allowed it until it's hearing
let's talk about the 2.4 mil texans that are going to lose HC because of you john, quit distracting. Tell us your ok with the death panels
But the Obama administration identified the countries.  Is he anti Muslim?
Why do you support kicking 22 million Americans off their health insurance to fund a $569 billion giveaway to the ultra rich?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Here's another chart that says a lot: http://wapo.st/2rVpxNy  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
Nooooot the whole story, you lying liar.
If you want to reach him directly I believe his email is jcornyn@hotmail.com
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A stunning pair of charts of the CBO report from my colleague @alv9n 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
1/ I haven’t tweeted much about healthcare because it’s a painful subject for me. But it’s important, so let me tell you my story 
