Go Texas.
Frightening and sick...stop wasting time and money!!
So there are plenty of others who see this for what it is--Arpaio style profiling?
That's 18 out of 254!! 14%. That means 86% are not on board with the policy!!
Only 18
"Show me your papers."  Sounds like the 1930's Germany.
Ugh. Let me guess...Sheriff Arapio is coming to Texas?
944 days till the primary & 1190 days till the election #canCornyn2020
@jpbrinkley Has Cooke County joined forces?
Honestly, I have not talked to our Sheriff about it yet. But I will.
hiw many hundreds didn't?
2/3 did not.
But when chnotherbibee haven't?
Which other than nes haven't?
18 sheriffs decide to ignore problems in their counties to do work that others are doing. Waste of county resources
Because they see the daily crime and carnage created by the criminal illegal aliens left running loose inside our country.
@GregAbbott_TX can we get further push on this to aid battle in sanctuary cities ?
Should share the training with the public so we can keep eyes to ensure legal immigrants and Hispanic citizens are not racially profiled.
You know there are 254 counties in Texas, right?
A better headline would be "236 Texas sheriffs choose NOT to join forces with federal immigration officers."
Only 18? 254 counties in Texas, genius.
So disappointing.
Needs to be lots more!!!
Wow, a whole 18 out of something like 254

Senator Hirono's emotional final plea against WealthCare didnt get much recognition. Sharing it with you. 
An example of how a real Senator should act!
Countless Texans are joining forces to vote you and Teddy out. Y'all suck. #Resign

Why hasn't @POTUS @realDonaldTrump signed the Sanctions Bill? Why are you not demanding It? Have you fallen asleep at Senator?
Bless your heart.
Maybe all of the members of Congress (House & Senate) who represent Texas (not donors) can join up to hold Town Halls, hmm?
how many couties will define federal law and what will be consequences? LOCK EM UP!
Remember how paranoid they were of routine military exercises under Obama? Funny how Fed paranoia goes away when GOP is deporting brown ppl
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
What about the other more than 200 sheriffs who have chosen not to participate in a money wasting scheme. Gosh John. Another partial report.
I hate u so damn much
You are so useless.
How many are hispanic sheriff's? What a waste of taxpayer money. John and @tedcruz  will be voted out.
Texas has 254 counties. The other 236 have made the right decision so far to not hurt communities for Trump's political agenda. #Xenophobia
18/254 counties is 0.07%. Sounds right. A overt racism rate under 0.10% is great! KKK mbrship in 1925 was 29% of US Population.
Why are you giving up on repealing and replacing ObamaCare?
Modern day Einstazgruppen?

Geez John, your own constituents seem to hate you. Enjoy that last term in office buddy!
Living in Bastrop County, YOUR district where deputies are spread wafer thin and who are ALWAYS left out of the budget, this is RIDICULOUS.
Impotent group of little nobs DESPERATE 2 maintain white male patriarchy. Soulless 2 pump chumps losers in life & w women. #UNMANLY
So ur saying over 200 Texas sheriffs haven't joined  #cornygoals.
Yea, get rid of the people who make Texas what it is. 
You're disgusting.
Shouldn't Texas sheriffs be focused on their own jobs instead of doing the fed's work for them?
Stretching county resources even thinner, at a time when the #txlege is trying to gut budgets further. Racist AND wasteful! What a bonus.
Waste of resources! Let the county funded employees deal with county jurisdiction!
Remember who you're talking to, Katherine.
So, clearly, they must have been overstaffed all along. They are paying local to do federal work. Typical. Fed control, local taxes.
Well, just great. I feel so much safer now. NOT. What a pure waste of time and resources. Let the counties police the counties.
.Respect Texas!
And this is something you're proud of Cornballs?
Good. Now let's get that beautiful wall built.
First you go after brown people from Mexico, who is next?
And John Cornyn still has not had an open Town Hall meeting with Texan voters to listen to their REAL healthcare concerns. He hides...
Racists all.
Shameful!
Nothing more reassuring than a Rural Sheriff with more powers to persue!
I guess you don't care about immigration when it's Russians or Melania...


BREAKING: Former Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Arizona convicted of crime for refusing to stop targeting immigrants in traffic patrols.
I'm sure they are fans of Shapiro

.@SenatorBaldwin: “It is time to put aside these efforts to sabotage, to destroy, and to repeal & replace” #TheBeat 
What a waste of time and resources. County employees taking on federal responsibilities only makes us all less safe. Transparent xenophobia.
Great news.

CALL: (202) 224-3121
*Bipartisan effort regarding healthcare insurance  #ForThePeople 
