Be prepared for an ambush. I hope your stand up guy and stand behind Potus
You spoke really well about the investigation. We almost believe you care about America. Then you showed true colors with this nomination
GOP hypocrisy on SCOTUS. It's all good. Russia, and complicity with Trump, will be your party's undoing.
Try taking a country before party stance when speaking about Russia.  Our Democracy is in the balance
If you can't get 60 votes, the problem is your nominee, not rules based on 230 years of Senate precedent. #WeObject
That's nice. NBC landed Mitch and Chuck. Looks like the JV team went to CBS.
No doubt peddling disingenuous crap blaming Dems while craven @gop willfully ignores damage wrought by most corrupt @potus since Grant.
I have not been impressed with u so far this year. I will watch & decide if i vote u out next term. #CountryOverParty
Hhmmm, I thought that was a credible news show...  No SCOTUS vote until independent Russia/Trump investigation is complete.
Please explain why u support 45's nomination when is is under active investigation.  Country over party!  Your constituents are watching.
I just finished watching. What weasel words you use! Funny that you speak of 'privacy rights' after voting against internet privacy for all.
And to call your Dem counterparts 'Liberal activist' shows how partisan you are. Dems are voting the will of constituents. You should too.
Will you talk about ignoring your constituents,  refusing town halls & selling out to big business?   #LastTermCornyn
Will you discuss how you won't meet with your constituents? #TownHall

how about balancing the budget. Hear your back peddling on the issue.
A Member of Congress may be removed from office before the normal expiration of his constitutional term by an "expulsion" from the Senate.
I'll be watching. Be accountable and we expect nothing less than patriotism not partisanship from you. America is watching! Protect America!
Trump likely in his last yr as president, so tell CBS he's not allowed to pick a SCOTUS like you did with Pres. Obama! = rules!
Say hello to #MerrickGarland for us.Oh, no, the GOP violated the Constitution, so he's not there. My bad
you will do TV but not a #TownHall hmmmm.
Come to Collin County and talk to your constituents.  We'd love a town hall.
@JohnCornyn = NO guts to face his constituents in person. Sells out our privacy for money, supports delusional @POTUS #CollinCountyTX
That's great, I would LOVE a #TXTownhall so you could talk directly with us (your constituents)! #NoSCOTUS until after #InvestigatePOTUS
#Gutless @JohnCornyn won't face his constituents in #TXTownHall. Too busy supporting delusional @POTUS and selling our privacy for money
So far John I've been shocked at your lack of leadership.
Do you find them connected? Don't you think someone under investigation by three organizations should not be allowed 40 year long decisions?
Can you even make 1 single nonpartisan statement? Wrong is WRONG Senator and you looked exactly like a weasel today. Time 4 U to GO!
Don't take any shit John! U guys have the power, use it! And be merciless!
Why don't u talk about this? 20 Americans now own as much wealth as the bottom half of America. 20 ! Meanwhile, 43 million live in poverty.
@JohnCornyn You are an embarrassment to the State of Texas and 2 yr constituents! Make sure you tell them that !
Please! hurry up on the Scotus vote "go nuclear" if necessary
.@JohnCornyn will you talk about failing to even consider Judge Garland or just continue to shill for this admin? #zeroethics
Will you talk about how you completely ignore your constituents in order to further #Putin agenda through his puppet #Trump?
#Trumprussia
Or perhhaos mention how you dont think someone under multiple investigations shouldn't pick a #SCOTUS, unless it's a Republican?
But will not face your constitutates . SAD
Be an American and not a deplorable and advocate for a special prosecutor to investigate Fondling Donald, the Russian Puppet
Why does he refuse to meet w/ female Democrat Senators & or answer their questions? He canceled on Duckworth. Why? #partisan
#noprobenorobe
You don't represent many of us in Texas, FYI - we're watching, listening and voting - never forget that.
When do you plan to talk to your constituents? #TXtownhall
I have hope for the Sen investigation. @SenatorBurr seems to be above board, someone I can respect. You’d do well to emulate him
Hmmm. I wonder what your thoughts on Gorsuch are? I missed the last fifty tweets about him. Meanwhile Texans want a town hall!!!
Smarty pants plans on doubling down on this one.
stop. rewind. what do your constituents want you to discuss. yeah, yeAH! that's it, now why don't you try, just a little,to talk about that?
You're going to suggest Trump give in and nominate a progressive like Ginsberg....
Pose the question why should the judiciary be political? Shouldn't all judges use constitutionalist principles, be impartial?
I hope @johndickerson asks about Garland & why you won't come home to meet with your constituents.
so I'm sure you'll address why Republicans are fumbling over themselves to ignore Russian investigation...
Are you going to show the clause in the Constitution you followed when you ignored Article 2 last year?
This Russian stuff a rouse
Make sure you defend Trump and cover up more for him.Collect some more money selling our internet privacy
@JohnCornyn's desperation to get #Gorsuch approved. @GOP @SenateGOP TOO weak to get 60 votes so they rewrite the rules. Shameful! #SCOTUS
what would you do if one of your girls was grabbed by Trump inappropriately? ....waiting for answer.....crickets....#noguts
Great, please don't embarrass your constituents on tv. We'd also like a town hall!
So in other words, you'll be embarrassing yourself on national tv - again.
And all of his constituents.  Don't forget about us like he does.
Talk about constituent health & welfare. Talk about truth. Talk about responsibility. Talk about doing your job. Talk about collusion, John
I bet I will just have to miss that
#NOSCOTUS while we #InvestigatePOTUS! If LAME DUCK applied to 44, then this is VALID concern
Hope you start talking sense. This administration is bad for your party and bad for America. Be a leader instead of sycophamt.
How about you talk abt demented POTUS, or Internet privacy, or environmental rollbacks, or travesties visited on foreign born Americans ...
One really justifies delaying the other. Well only of you're American...
will u republicans stop smearing the president
And?
Thanks for the warning. Will you overturn Citizens United and get dark money out of politics?
