The House health plan isn’t perfect, but it’s the only reform opening Republicans will get. https://www.wsj.com/articles/a-historic-health-care-moment-1488931460 … via @WSJOpinion
What's the difference? Both are terrible. Neither allow for market competition which would provide everyone with lower prices.
there's no place 4 market competition when it comes 2 healthcare.Until we realize that fact, this is where we'll be.
that isn't a fact. Market competition always helps the consumer. I strongly encourage you to read about it.
I strongly encourage you to never have a catastrophic illness and expect market levers alone to help your plight.
that's the very reason I have insurance. If govt would get out of the way, even more would be able to afford it.
pre-ACA some were not able to have insurance due to a pre existing condition.  Don't think we should return to that.
I agree but an insurance comp can't stay afloat if there is no incentive for ppl to buy insurance until they need it.
People who say that the market's the answer are flying in the face of theory and overwhelming evidence (12)
That's a great reason to take away the health insurance of hundreds of thousands of your constituents.
Take away?  What, are they still children & can't find it on their own?  Pathetic.
Bold words from a man on Medicare.
and a "Christian" who wants you to "set an example for others to follow"
I don't remember Jesus saying 'Let the sick suffer and find their own care.' 
was that when Jesus said 'Don't help the poor, cuz they're lazy and shiftless?'
No, but use your own resources, and be responsible for your own actions.
One of your constituents. Vote no to bill. Block grant in Texas won't be used for healthcare. Block grants don't work here.
Or, the GOP could grow up and work WITH those people to retool parts of O-Care that need it.
Well I hope that is what happens because the other thing is wrong for America.
AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. Why can't you call it by the real name, bruh? PPL keep thinking obamacare is different than ACA
@WSJopinion I would agree to disagree. The Rules of Order state to table it
The American Medical Association and the AARP have come out strongly against the GOP healthcare bill. Time to listen to reason.
and that is the right thing to preserve health insurance for millions of Americans but Teps want fatter fat cats, disgusting
No preserving ObamaCare (ACA).  Too many families just can't afford it, and not only that but Co's are closing because they can't
Obamacare needs to be improved not replaced, get over the notion that Reps after 6 years have a clue, you have deceived too long
do it right. Don't just do it to have something "done"
It's a bad plan that hurts those it's meant to help. Please work on fixing the holes in the ACA instead.
good. then we build it out into a single-payer system. Ya know, like the rest of the developed world...
ACA saved my life.  Your plan will make my healthcare unaffordable. #Fakeprolife
That's why YALL need 2 get it rt. Possibly won't get a 2nd chance. Can't take away entitlements once given!!
We, the people of the United States, want the Affordable Care Act preserved. We don't want a more expensive Act that covers less
great! Then you can propose something great. Like saving trillions by cutting out the health insurance industry altogether!
Hmmmm. . .  if you look at most of the responses to your tweet you will find that most disagree with you and want ACA to remain.
glad to see your spirit has not wavered
Retired in Dec. Lots of time and no constraints as a state employee to call, write, tweet politicos
lovely. All the best.
Its not just the Caucus that's against it. AARP and hospitals hate it, too.
so true John Cornyn buh bye
let's hope.  :)
We r actual people out here.  U don't change something so fundamental to a person's life bc  "it's your only chance."  WTF?
Remember how Reid got the ACA on the floor? Repeal the entire damned law, get govt. out of the way, trust the open market.
how'd that work out for us Pre-ACA? You cannot apply market levers & capitalism 2 healthcare.  This is the problem
Pretty sure that's what we wanted all along.
all Congress has to do is eliminate the mandate, increase insurance providers to compete as well as states to opt in
Even if  not perfect couldn't U at least do what U said U would:  keep the good & get rid of the bad ? GOP bill adds more bad
Sounds like you are on to something there. Defeat the measure. I like that!
constituents before GOP. Congress needs to be replaced with Americans who are going to work for the people not Party or Russia
you've had 7 years to get something much closer to "perfect".  Too busy obstructing instead of constructing
the Paul Ryan Deathcare bill needs to be defeated soundly. Allow people to buy into Medicare with costs based on income! KISS
so that's your justification? Trumpcare, ugh!
Nope. This is terrible. WORSE than ACA, which is really saying something.
we want free market driven health care sir, that is not what we have and not what you are proposing.
And GOP governors like Abbott could grow up, expand Medicaid, and open full throated exchanges.
unfortunately cuts subsidies for low income families. Tax credit means pay upfront then get a reimbursement if at all NOT GOOD
it's garbage. Y'all had 7 years to figure it out. You failed.
better than what's proposed
You finally admit you're not one of the conservatives. Baby steps.
Well, then, let's hope Dems and Conservatives do just that. Then we'd have a win for America.
please do from your constituent in 75218
It's not enough. And I can't believe that's the only plan is available.
but you don't want to improve things for the middle class and working poor. Just tax breaks for billionaires. NOT A CHRISTIAN!
Mr. Cornyn, if you have an ounce of decency you will not vote for a bill that is the governmental equivalent of half-cooked pork
mandate all doctors accept all insurer's, expand medicaid, allow us to by drugs from other countries thus competing...
obamacare can be improved. Why not be a part of the solution. Not the problem.
they got 4 years to get it right, they can tweak as they go
I think preserving ObamaCare would be a wonderful thing so why don't you join the Democrats?
Thanks for the tip! Sounds like a good plan.
so why can't you all work to reform ACA? Your constituents are LOUDLY telling you we don't want it replaced
Congress has skills to repair ACA!  ACA so baked in to all aspects of med care, large changes disrupt for 2 long. Go fix ACA!!!
Hurray!
Thank goodness!
I think it's you joining democrats. Federal government running healthcare is unconstitutional. Let the states handle it!
OR continue work on #ACA to make it better? This. Is. An. Option. #republicantbd
Oh, NO!!!  20 million get to keep their insurance.  We can't have that now, can we?  Why do you hate America?
It's a $600 billion tax cut for the 0.1%, funded by gutting Medicaid and setting up Medicare's collapse. 15m will lose coverage
ACA is infinitely better than this nonsense. This is what your greatest policy minds labored 8 years to produce?
It's a stupid plan. It sounds like two thieves drew up plans for a robbery on the back of damp cocktail napkins.
sounds like a good idea, not sure I see the downside.
Not sure which is worse; GOP plan, or ACA as is (with all its probs & GOP now pissed off so refuse to improve it)
Improve Obamacare do not repeal it.  Listen to your constituents.  I am a constituent
The only reason this would be the result is because politicians are cutting deals & thinking about next election. Back to work!
Give Americans what we deserve; a health care system that is fair and balanced for everyone.
agree that would be a better option.  #NoCBOScore no vote
whoop!
Sounds good to me.  Expand Medicaid in all states and work it out in a bipartisan manner.  Maybe that's the win?
which would be a much better option than this GOP nightmare of a plan.
that is exactly whT should happen. You can tweak it as it is but ACA should remain!
this plan only benefits the wealthy as usual. I read every detail.  We r informed Americans.
NO WAY!
Why couldn't you work with Dems to tweak ACA? You had 7+yrs & this is what you came up with? You do not represent Texans
and I'm fine with that.  #iwillpaymysharewillyou
bad news for the insurance lobby that paid $405K to your campaigns.
.@JohnCornyn Wrong, Congress can can just make the necessary fixes to repair ACA to make it a good plan. Easy peasy. Why are so stubborn!
Medicare for ALL! #LastTerm
Obamacare is FAR superior to the Trumpcare plan!
, it would be nice to see non partisan approach to amending Obamacare to improve. THAT, might win some support
Good!
sounds good to me!
7 years of nihilism was easier than one act of responsibility.
It's impact it has on people's lives that matters. ACA is our current health insurance.Not addressing bloated medical cost side.
I know, right?!?!  Wouldn't that be amazing?  Glad to hear you are on board!
how about you send to Trump what you sent to Obama? Or were you just playing politics? You lose credibility when u do that
no one is fooled. Why do you think Trump's credibility is so high? Public knows he doesn't play games.
Trumps propaganda is working on you
this genuinely seems like a plea to down vote AHCA
sounds good to this constituent.
I'd rather my tax money go to making sure that people aren't sick than making sure people die.
As has been said before 'Health Care is Hard'.  It's also expensive.  But it should be a RIGHT to have affordable health care.
Look.  I don't claim that the ACA is perfect.  It's just better than any alternative that anyone has suggested -so far-.
Which is better than the alternative.  Which people have had 7 years to come up with a good alternative to, and have failed.
Kindly review reasons 42-44 (actually HST requested health care 4 all) sought health care, & compare costs & mortality with EU.
Surely we deserve better, or on a par with Europeans, Canadians, Australians. Nothings perfect, but perfect what is in place.
So you take the worse of the 2 because...why? How about using your energy to improve ACA?
Eliminate the ability for Illegal Aliens to receive Federally Paid for health care from States!
GOP struggles 2 accomplish positive change.  Nihilist DNA of negative nay-bobs; ala Spiro Agnew.
Surely, GOP should counsel its Whips 2 keep the unfaithful in line!  Who is that Senate GOP Whip? 
It should be defeated because it's NOT A GOOD PLAN.
Our grandparents voted for you and now their healthcare costs will sky-rocket!
Meet with us and we can give you some feedback. How do you know what your constituents want?
So you are going to take your toys and leave? Do what you should be doing and work to make it better.
Or you could work to improve it. The new measure does not protect older Americans.
you should care more about what your constituents want, which is fixing ObamaCare.
That's good. Republicans, who cried foul for years, apparently have no clue how to improve things, so they should at least do no harm.
2018 can’t get here fast enough.
I do believe, sir, that that is the point.
or FFS, save us from years of misery and resign already!  You, sir, are a disaster of a representative for the people of Texas!
age discrimination
omg do the right thing that is terrible #KeepACA
single payer, senator. That's how we reform Obamacare.
We were promised #FullRepeal.  This shows that Repubs in DC don't really believe in free markets and liberty. #YouPromised
That would be better. Just improve ACA, don't saddle us with a hastily, badly put together health care bill.
those conservatives will be doing their jobs by listening 2 their constituents unlike you #wehaveeyes #resist #norepealreplace
ACA is BETTER than your alternative. Improve what's there rather than repealing it. You work FOR US. 
Why the hell would I wanna pay more for less? You must think I'm stupid.
why won't you admit that your parties problem with Obamacare is that it's paid for by the rich?
, you say that like it's a bad thing.  Shouldn't poor people have health care?
Where will this bill leave Medicare enrolled? Obamacare is closing the Part D "donut hole". #2020
YES! Defeat the repeal. FIX IT! It is a good healthcare plan that can be much better, much cheaper and more effective. DO IT!
And Obamacare is much better than what Republicans are proposing. #2020
Preserving ObamaCare would be the best outcome - by far.
Repeal Obamacare. Stop wasting time.
what is your goal with this bill, really?  Another tax cut for rich people?  It's a healthcare bill, after all, right?
or you could craft bipartisan reform. i know you're laughing, but that just goes to show how pitiful your complaints are.
Y'all had 6 years to come up with a replacement and this is the best y'all can offer? #Trumpcare
Where is the CBO score? Access is not coverage.
Yes. That is an option. Or maybe fix it. I don't think you are listening.
- AARP & hospital assoc among the first powerful foes of this sop to the rich. Try again! No to HC that is more $$ for older ppl
GOP has had since 3/23/10 to work on improving ACA. Instead obstruction. Now attack women's healthcare & $$ for corporations. 
That would be better than this crap y'all are serving up.
So you now say you are not a conservative.
why is it the only opening?  Don't you control house and senate?
pls don't pass something just to repeal the ACA. We are counting on you to make the right decision not the fastest.
A vote for repeal/replace will cost you your job and health insurance.. Take that to the bank.
we have a working plan that just needs tweaking.   Fix ACA.   Take care of your constituents for a change.
You're not going to come up with a more conservative solution for the insurance side. Focus on measures to cut healthcare costs.
preserving ACA as it is is a much better option than this poor plan #HealthcareMatters #StopPunishingPoorPeople #TXWomenVote
We knew this would happen because the ACA IS the Republican solution (Romneycare) & the mandate is straight from Heritage Found.
proving that it's harder to govern than to be armchair critics. 45 will come to your rescue & betray the people who voted 4 him
we can only hope that's what happens. The alternative plan is a joke.
And that's it? Forever? There is absolutely nothing else y'all can think of? #2020 #WeAreWatching
So preserve it. You guys have had over six yrs to come up with better. Why not do the unexpected and go #SinglePayer? #75025
PRESERVE AND RETAIN THE ACA AS IT STANDS. THE AHCA REPLACEMENT IS A FARCE.
This is John Cornyn admitting that he is a liberal. Of course, I always knew that. Texas voters need to note.
easy for you to take away people’s healthcare when you don’t have to pay for your own healthcare. Can’t wait to vote you out.
you don't give a damn about my healthcare or my kid's. You make $174k a yr who cares what happens to us! 
REPEAL. That's why we gave you the Congress and presidency. Let the free market work it out. You offer a FALSE CHOICE.
You don't have the votes, you don't have the votes...you're gonna need congressional  approval and you don't have the votes
that's the game their playing
is it better than Obamacare though? In what ways? In what ways worse?
why can't they come up with a better option? Maybe if they had been working on one all these years.
I sincerely hope u did not mean that as an threat, but rather a rational conclusion to current situation. Don't strip coverage.
AWESOME! That's what I and most people I know want.
Good. I need my healthcare
Question: Why does the new plan include a tax break for insurance company executives making over $500,000 per year?
@WSJopinion @WSJ Perfect! Let's do this!
We want a BETTER version of  Obama care! The current replacement plan does NOT help the middle class. It makes it worse.
Preserve ObamaCare until GOP has a healthcare for all plan. GOP needs to earn the vote, not voter suppress and gerrymander.
Then god help us, I sure hope they do! DON'TCare SUCKS! The GOP got it so wrong AGAIN!
That would be better than this piece of horse manure.
terrible plan
As if this is the only chance ever u all have to change it...little dramatic this morning don't ya think....the new plan is crap
you are not a conservative.
We don't need a new plan. GOP Just trying to save face but it will cost TX'ns BIGLY! Swallow ur pride for the greater good.
Why not pass the plan from 2015?
It was better.
They house plan is far worse than "imperfect." You have good fortune of taxpayer paid insurance. Socialist!
more than 80% of the country would appreciate that, so let's hope the measure is defeated!
BEST sol'n is all people make huge lifestyle changes, healthier diet/exercise. Then we'll need less Rx and overall healthcare
i@love my Obamacare! Leave it alone!!
U claim U R giving people choice but actually it's a choice of less money which equals death over life.
Yes, you should do that. The GOP plan is a disaster.
Must have mandate. Ins and Rx co must suck it up and accept lower $$. Or go to single payor
that would be a favorable outcome.  Preserve the status quo if and until there is a replacement that would be an improvement.
That's why I'm surprised that it took the GOP 6 years to develop a bill that is so problematic. Maybe you all secretly like ACA?
I agree old plan needs fixing, but new one will make execs richer at expense of citizens and gov spending.
If Dems & Repubs working 2gether defeats AHCA maybe that means it isnt a good plan? Maybe MORE working 2gether would improve ACA
If new plan was economically feasible instead of just designed to please voters, lobbyists, and ins co, I'd gladly support it
well there you go! Thanks so much for explaining it to us.
Thanks for the age http://tax.You  just made sure my husband and I will never have any health care
If one of the major concerns re: Obamacare were rate hikes, why swap uninsured tax penalty for a 30% rate increase?
Obamacare as is covers more people and costs less than the new plan!  Read the details.
Good, then you can work on fixing the problems.  And. #Trumprussia #hearourvoice #texastownhall #resist #persist
the conservatives lost their way...their plans helps no American...but gives tax break to the 1% as planned
Which is preferable to this ill-conceived plan.
this replacement bill is rotten hot garbage and you know it. We don't need the federal government involved in our health ins.
Obvious that in the current form it is unacceptable by many conservatives- don't take this bill to the floor- do it right
it's almost like y'all had years to come up with a better plan & you didn't. So don't make this sound like it's our fault......
that would be better than your shitty anti-woman plan.
Great! Now you are getting with the program. Thank you.
which isn't perfect.
then keep it the same.  Sorry it's not your answer, but it's the better one and the one your constituents want.  You work for us
here's a thought: work with Dems on a reform.
lazy coward. I have nothing good left to say. I tried, man. You deserve every bad thing that comes from this unholy alliance.
Stop giving tax breaks to millionaires at the expense of safety net programs for the poor. Also, opioid epidemic unaddressed.
Trump has shot himself in the foot w/ this bill.  The only changes hurt the poor & elderly while lining the pockets of the rich
lol.  After 8 years this is what you got?
or you can work together to come up with something better. This plan will devastate millions.
you've been talking about repeal for more than six years and this is the best you can do? Pathetic!
just fix ObamaCare
The plan is horrible, 51% Americans want ACA fixed! People are going to die w/ R plan.
