Your 1st sentence attacks Clinton, then your 2nd sentence says "it's not about Clinton." What is wrong with you?
If Hillary was President, Putin would be actively trying to undermine the USA.  It is not about Trump or Clinton but Russia vs USA
Yes, what Charles Johnson just said. I don't get your meaning, Senator. Texans are stronger than this wishy-washy statement. Defend the US!
1- Charles u missed the point. 2 say that Putin would undermine America under Hillary is not an attack. It is a fact. As is the idea that...
Nope, I didn't miss the point. You're making excuses.
You consider me saying that Putin is undermining America an excuse. It is a fact. Regardless who our current president is. Explain yourself
No.
Do it now
John, Do you know your approval rate is
28% and you are eagerly taking healthcare away from Texans. Are you looking to reach my Gov's 15%?
Embarrassing to be from Texas and have two of the most despised senators! Many more voters in 2018!! We are woke now!!
It takes a tragedy to happen for people to react and reacting we are.
I think it's time for a peaceful revolution to get these traitors out of our democracy! How long are we gng to wait? For Putin's soldiers? 
If Hillary was President, Putin would have to be actively trying to undermine.  With Trump, everything's already in place.
From reading the comments Sir, your'e pretty much toast as a Senator.
Right Putin dies have to lift a finger bc he has 45 under voice control. Joint cybersecurity? Return properties Luft sanctions come on man!
So you're going to do something about it, then?
When we are hacked in 2018, remember you did NOTHING. Hence it will be YOUR fault. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
You're Team Russia. What's your point?
By all means, let's not quibble over who sold out their country to who.
Live in the now, man
If Clinton were President, she would have done something by now. All I can say to your tweet is "Wow".
WTF does that even mean? #dolt
As a Texan born and raised, shut up.
Then, what's the point of having a president?
So, you're saying that Putin is NOT currently undermining US? Is that your position? Please clarify - the country wants to know
Watched you at the Wray hearing earlier. You're astonishingly slow and incompetent. Please resign. Thanks!
No Sh*t Sherlock.  Now, as a representative of the USofA - why don't you get TOUGH on Russian interference and stop deflecting for Trump?
Fast forward to the day when you regret the blinders you are boldly, stupidly wearing.  Shame on you.
its about treason unless your on the take also, what are you hiding Senator?
Then the question is how cooperative would HRC have been? Your guy is being very cooperative.
This is true as far as it goes. HRC as POTUS would damn sure be pressing our cyber people to deal with these Russians and increase sanctions
You voted to confirm Tillerson, who holds Russia's Order of Friendship and $150M of Exxon stock that would double if sanctions were lifted.
Believe me, there are more than a few Texans who are ready to get rid of Cornyn & Cruz for the #KillerAHCA & for doing nothing about Trump!
Don't forget @GregAbbott_TX and @KenPaxtonTX
Are you insane?
but Trump ALLOWED this.  Be an American and get him out.
and Hillary would stand up for the US and not kissing up to them. Time @GOP got on board and do something about it
Clinton doesn't have anything to do with the country and its future now. Take responsibility for the job you have been entrusted to do.
What will it take to make you stand up to what Trump has done? It's disappointing.
Riiiiight
Putin is actively trying to undermine the US under Trump who is too wimpy to call Putin out on election interference.
So pretend it's her & take action accordingly. Break out the tar and feathers, torches and pitchforks. But you won't bc party above country.
Party Tool
Yes it is and normally would look to our government to help fight back, but we are alone & the WH hates us. GOP/Putin over the US people.
She & him didn't collude 2 get her elected so stop lumping her in w/Trump...this is on Putin wanting to destabilize &Trump for ego & power
is this what it's come to? you've resolved to let it go?
Putin is doing just that with Comrade Donald.
Correct?!! Who said otherwise? Putin analysis was that Trump would be easier to manipulate.
when you have nothing left, you throw in Clinton or Obama, doesnt work anymore, GOP owns this and failing badly
Yep, but she wouldn't have helped him. Putin would be shaking in his boots right now instead of elbows deep in our democracy.
Please Mr Cornyn, I am a Texan and I am begging you and the GOP to stop holding the door open for that murdering psycho and his puppet!
John, the President in in thrall to Putin and the oligarchs in the US and Russia. You and the Republicans in Congress are not DOING 1/2
anything. We must assume, unless actions show us different, that y'all are in complicity with those who are not true to American ideals.
The difference is if HRC were 45, Putin wouldn't be winning. She knew the answers to this test. #StillWithHer
They were so afraid that a woman would lead us and not ruin us that they sold their own hopes & futures for a conman.
#Suckas
What level of Treason deflection is this? Impressive. Schmuck.
True, but Clinton would actually be doing something about it. What are you doing to stop it?
blatantly obvious that you are a Trump U alum!Speaking coherently was not part of the curriculum.Ambiguity on the other hand...
So we should start a joint anti-cyber warfare task force with them?
It looks like you underestimate the intelligence of your constituents. We see through the smear effort and deflection. Do your job.
Clinton has nothing to do with this
Putin isn't doesn't have to try now. He has already succeeded.
The hell are you talking about? Yeah, it's Putin v US, but it is about @realDonaldTrump because he sold out to Putin.
Srsly, keep your topic straight. This has nothing to do with @HillaryClinton. High school debate teams know better how to hold a discussion.

Please drop the partisanship and put America first. It's hard to imagine any reason for firing Comey other than to stifle an investigation.
Hillary wouldn't have helped Russia like @realDonaldTrump is.
He's doing it with Trump as President so wtf is your point
except SHES TOO SMART TO PLAY INTO THEIR HANDS
So, you're bowing to Putin's Puppet because you're not strong enough to stand up to either? You're a coward & a traitor
Are you insinuating that Putin is not doing that now?
The only difference is that Hillary would play the role of adversary to Putin, instead of being his on call suck boy.
Of course, of course Senator Obvious. The difference being that Hillary would not be actively working with the Russians to destroy America.
Speaking of "It's not about you", you were hired to REPEAL Not Replace Obamacare. Get gov't out of the Healthcare business. REPEAL only!
Undermining the USA seems to be in YOUR wheelhouse. #ResignCornyn or we will fire you.
If Hillary were president, which she would be without #RussianInterference, she would be actively preventing Russia from undermining the USA
If Hillary were president, she would be taking steps to protect our elections from hostile foreign interference, unlike DJT.
If Hillary were president, she would be standing up to #RussianInterference, not dismissing it & coddling Putin.
I'll give this one a "partially true" though few other than Trump would give them such easy access to walk right in..
You've deluded yourself if you believe Putin isn't doing that NOW. He has a puppet in a mansuit in office.
Putin might very well have done that..but putin wouldn't have had help from inside the Whitehouse...you WILL NOT erase trumps TREASON
No shit Sherlock, but Trump and his minions actively worked with Russia to affect the election that is collusion and treason you support it
It's about whether the Trump campaign colluded with Russia to influence the U.S. election.  Clear enough?
Actually it is about who in the White House is helping Russia in their efforts...
What does Hillary have to do with it? Fix Affordable Care.
Why do you hate America so much? I just cannot understand hatred of this magnitude.
Absurd, even for you.
Articulate why that's absurd.
It's absurd because it's an attempt ignore/obscure Trump's wrongdoing. With Trump, their effort to undermine succeeded with his assistance.
Your claim is entirely lacking in evidentiary support.
A plain reading + his unwillingness to hold Trump accountable. Another "GOP Russia watchdog" who won't bark about Trump.
Are you objective?
Investigators should proceed where the evidence takes them.
Instead if building another S400 missile defense system Putin directed their nation's resources towards helping elect Trump
2) The ROI is excellent (which guarantees they'll do it again). You could see Putin's rewards if you weren't blinded by ideology.
3) How else do you explain Trump's odd, unshakable affinity for Russia? The collusion is the kompromat.
As a member of the Intel committee, you have known for ages that Russia was using Trump. Why in the world have you done nothing abt it?
Why do you continue to do nothing? Why are you pretending that we'd be in the same place had HRC been elected? That's false. She warned us.
You however, along with the rest of the @GOP have decided to set fire to our country. Fix this. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Now more than ever, I don't even think my vote is accounted for. That's how fvcked up this is. For all I know my voting machine was hacked.
One of the more worrying things about all of this is how many people no longer trust our election process. This is doing incredible damage.
As is the unprecedented attack by a sitting president on the free press. Some slant right, some slant left but most are decent people.
If Hillary was President, we would not all be on a sinking ship with Trump pulling the plug! We would not be the laughing stock of the world
Hey, she lost. Get over it and address Trump's collusion.
You make no sense and you're a liar to boot!
Let's dump @tedcruz in 2018 and deal with @JohnCornyn next cycle.
This statement LITERALLY contradicts itself.
Hillary ain't, and you are dead wrong.
Multi
If Hillary was prez & all this Russia evidence was the same, u &every GOP would b shrieking 2 high heavens 4 #Impeachment #Hypocrites
If it's about Russia vs USA, defend us! Stop ignoring Russia's attacks on our elections. Stop ignoring the Trump campaign's treason.
Watching Mueller amd team take down the entire R party will be a sight to behold
But he wouldn't be getting help from her. Trump is a traitor.
And you chose Russia.
Yes, sackless, but one would at least stand up to Russia, rather than bend over.
Your man must be sore from all the pounding from Putin.
If HRC were president, it would mean that the US had prevented Putin's hacking. 

She'd smack Russia down to minor world economy it is.
The NRA has cozied up to Russia. NRA & GOP are twins.
Thanks John!  Please keep up the good work in helping us to TURN TEXAS BLUE!!!
But if a Democrat were President would you be helping Russia as much? And how much time would you spend blaming Democrats for "allowing" it?
BULLSHIT!
