So, Kushner is going to put the old country club feel and look to the prison he is going to be in. Yes, improved bologna sandwiches, yummy.
Gotta fix them before he moves in?
This is so ridiculous in so many ways. Jared is qualified as a nuisance factor.Twice, now, 60 minutes has shown the best jail in the US.
#TownHall anyone? Anyone? A lot 2 discuss including, but not limited 2, why this guy still has security clearance. U r more than complicit!

Seriously? And you're on board for this? An unelected unqualified shouldn't-have-a-security-clearance person taking over Congress's role?
we call that a coup.
Because he knows What about prisons?  Maybe planning his escape?
His dad was in one
In Canada, I became the first female R N to work in a male maximum prison. What a joke, they'll love his little ass.
As a possible future inmate. he very likely has a personal interest.
Is that to prepare a nice place for him?
Are you for or against? Please expand ...
So he can be more comfortable in one?
He has plenty of qualifications.  He visited his dad most weekends when Charles was in prison.
Kush must be house-hunting.

How wonderful. And what are Kushner's credentials?
Is that before or after he solves Middle East peace?
great idea.  he can start by gilding a cell for his father-in-law... #ImpeachTrump
The WP got their headline wrong...it should've read, "Donald Trump, Jr., seeks to upgrade, customize prisons prior to long term stay".
This is absurd. He shouldn't have a security clearance, which means he shouldn't have any role in the government. Fix this, please.
WHY DOES KUSHNER STILL HAVE SECURITY CLEARANCE ?? #wrong and you know it. #DoYourJob
#MakePrisonsGreatAgain
Yeah, because he's the #SeniorAdvisorForEverything.
Oh that sounds like a brilliant idea.
You're actually posting information about someone who has absolutely zero experience & should not be in the WH or have a security clearance.
Kushner needs to go.
Why is he in charge?  He has no credibility other than nepotism
Like he has solved the Israel Palestine problem??
I guess he's got free time since he solved the whole Israel-Palestine thing?!
How 'bout aim to put fewer people in them?
Sure and Mrs Kushner can design the cells.
That's a mighty big plate that young inexperienced colluding man has. Maybe Putin can send him an assistant through a back channel.
Totally qualified!
How about closing them?
I'm sure he's qualified. Not.
#smh
For the Trumps etal?
Pathetic replies to a possible constructive idea. I guess these eggheads don't trust their own representatives to come up with something
And he has expertise in this in what way? What a laughingstock our government has become.
Why does Kushner still have Security clearance? He will probably call a Russian meeting.  Complicit John! #VoteHimOut
Sounds like he's going to end up in one!
Is this the same as picking his new home & roomies? He should be concerned with making fed prisons better.
I still appreciate your tireless work on prison reform even though I feel let down by your vote today on AUMF.
What makes you think this is a good idea? Haven't an "idea" don't solve recidivism or the racial inequities in criminal justice system.reall
Why don't you come up with a plan to build a wall then we might not have a prison problem.
Is he trying to make them more *kush* since he's about to live in one??

Trump wants to make sure the prisons they are going to are sufficiently up to their standards! LOCK THEM UP!
Before he is indicted for colluding with Russia, lying to the FBI, and other crimes.
How about the border wall? Tax reform? Getting the DC bureaucrats to work for the people (draining the swamp)? Obamination "care"?
Idea #1- get rid of Jeff Sessions and over policing on victimless crimes.
I am guessing he is actually trying to find a way to make prison life easier under the circumstances. :-)
Please focus on GOP platform/promises
Is this because he will soon be a federal prisoner? #CriminalJustice reform is needed, but this tweet. #SMDH You are embarrassing yourself.
For decorating his cell?
He should definitely pick out his own curtains and bedspread before he goes.
I hope he knows that he will not get to choose which prison he goes to.

And precisely what qualifies him for that job? Can he get a Russian loan to build some prisons?
Trying to get a sweet deal for some 'Made In China' orange jumpsuits. Trumpsuits, if you please. #kakistocracy  #MuellerTime
President Barack Obama ended the use of private prisons, Donald Trump brought them back.
Can you imagine what the Marketing Departments of private prison corporations look like? The whole idea of private prisons is sick.
He's trying to make it easier to make money off privately owned prisons. Hold a #TOWNHALL  so we, your constituents can voice our opinions
Which Kushner should be in soon. Trying to make his future living conditions better. 
Use some of the multi-degreed inmates as adjunct univ. professors/tutors so inmates can get some education.
Might as well make his future home more comfortable.
Making sure his future home with his family is comfortable? #notQualified #irony #Resist
Gonna spruce those prisons up for the Trump family?
You'll do and say anything no matter how moronic to suck up to Big Daddy Trump, wont u
Unbelievable
Something else he has no qualifications for...
Preparing the bed he is soon to lie in.
Oh the irony, since he and the rest of the treason family will be spending time in fed prison.
Kushner has secured peace in the Middle East and solved the opioid problem already. NOT. But on to his next pet project? What a do-nothing!
Lemme guess:  to feature spas named after Ivanka?  Also, conflict of interest.
BOP doesn't need you.
THANK GOD. Just glad solving middle east peace isn't taking up too much of his time.
Lol! If this crap wasn't so scary...
Why? What problem is he trying to solve, more business for his prison-for-profit friends, John? Nobody should profit from prisons.
Well John I guess he's just getting it ready for this current administration.  Coffee bars, and French Cafés, oh and a better golf course.
And that will be as far as it goes. The Trump admin talks a lot and then does nothing. What happened to the opiate drug program?
On what authority? With what expertise? Does he have any knowledge of this topic? Or any topic? At all?
Maybe he thinks the number of times he and his family had dodged incarceration makes him an expert
Kushner shouldn't be able to screw around with his family's next estate.
That's just too easy...I guess jk wants to be comfortable
Lol, I guess he'd have some input since his dad was in one!
Make sure to serve BACON 
Too easy.
Kushner needs to gather his stuff and get out of the white house
LOL. This should go well.
Good thing we didn't get someone with actual knowledge or experience with this issue-- wouldn't want to make any real progress anyway. 
Don't worry. This is gonna be another big bunch of nothing, because they don't want to spend any money to implement these great ideas:
The most productive thing Kushner could do for USA would be to resign from a job he is totally unqualified for.
LOL! Oh the irony! He can design his future home.
Build more" buy American " "hire American " jail illegals  build more

Kushner can't even file his papers properly how's he going to improve prisons? Oh wait this is future thinking for when he's in one. Got it!
Lol this is funny. Hopefully, he will be in one soon but I know @JohnCornyn and rest of GOP will do everything in your power to obstruct.


https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/04/06/us/politics/jared-kushner-russians-security-clearance.html?referer=http://r.search.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0LEVj0AgrlZANQAOCs3nIlQ;_ylu=X3oDMTByMG04Z2o2BHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDMQRjb2xvA2JmMQR2dGlkAw--/RV=2/RE=1505358465/RO=10/RU=https%3a%2f%2fwww.nytimes.com%2f2017%2f04%2f06%2fus%2fpolitics%2fjared-kushner-russians-security-clearance.html/RK=1/RS=MO_5DlTyt1VzxcdNMwl.GpL4eQk …-
As in "Traitor Jared"? He's done with the Middle East already? Refinanced his debt to the world? You're awful for supporting this admin.
Let them work on building the wall.
Gots to make them nice for the Kush.
Will Trump pardon Gov. Rod Bag-O-Chips or at least let him out on time served?
how ironic.
Good since he will be going to one soon.
Stop using private prisons.
Good! He's going to be going to one soon! And....today would be a good day to investigate @JohnCornyn too.
Kushner should be in prison. #LockHimUp
