love this!!!!!!!!!!!!! This is a great plan. I love that it empowers state and provides transparency in our voting system.
how about you ask Donald for his tax returns. The realize Republicans our the minority in our country.
it's time to investigate Trump/Russian ties. Where are Trump's tax returns. #Constituent
instead, you could be pushing for investigations that actually do have evidence to support them. Say...Flynn & the Russians?
.@JohnCornyn YES! I’d love to restore confidence in our elections.Please help by opposing EAC termination, fight to make it stronger instead
.@JohnCornyn in case you need a refresher: this is bill to kill when it reaches Senate, to stop weakening elections
There was high level of confidence until Trump and Russia conspired against the integrity of our election.
I demand that Congress bring forth the evidence that the WH keeps saying it has on the MASSIVE voter fraud in NH and elsewhere.
Here's a thought: REPRESENT YOUR CONSTITUENTS AND THEIR FAMILIES' INTERESTS INSTEAD OF WORKING AGAINST THEM! #countryB4party
There are many more important issues to spend time and money on right now. Repeal of ACA, repeal of Dodd-Frank...for starters
I'll never have confidence till the bounders are thrown out.  Seriously I do not know anyone who actually voted for 45 or Cruz
The best way to restore confidence in elections is a thorough vetting of Russia's involvement. Agree?

I thought the only people that didn't have confidence were ego centric individuals that thought they should have more votes?
Your support of voter suppression laws and ignoring foreign interference shows you don't give a shit about fair elections...
Start by investigating Vladimir Putin's espionage to help Donald Trump w/ Trump's direct & public support. Gerrymandering next.
maybe it's time for a "do over", scrap the election, and unprecedented administration. Let's vote again
Another day another GOP attempt to suppress the vote.
Maybe.  But generations of gerrymandering and voter suppression are part of why we have no confidence in elections.
very confident here! Hillary won the popular vote. Fraud is a delusion offered by a senile billionaire. EC should be re drawn.
in order to carry back your constituents concerns you need to hear them first. We want a town hall.#hearus
good luck
maybe you should speak with and meet your constituents. You know, do your job and represent us. Not yourself and other hucksters
you mean Russian interference in us elections right? @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence stop lying to the American People.
#NotPaid #NativeTexan #RealAmerican
I have confidence in our elections. You don't?
also, not paid, but definitely agitated. No more talk of voter fraud until proof set forth. The gaslighting must end
Why not investigate Russian interference first you hypocrite.
maybe it's time for you to stop chasing blatant lies/carrying this mad man's water and stand up for the people of Texas.
that's fine. Don't think we haven't noticed that you're trying hard to pretend voter suppression isn't a problem though
Maybe it's time you came home to Texas to meet with the voters who sent you to DC...#TEXASTOWNHALL
RUSSIA
The fact that you are in office gives me no confidence in our elections
wait. You are actually pushing for an investigation into a baseless claim by Trump? Where's the prima facie for this claim?
if you want to restore confidence look into Russia
I am really waiting to see what you will say when this corrupt house of cards crumbles
Fact: Experts widely dismiss the @GOP's ridiculous voter fraud claims as unfounded.
I'm sorry, I have NO CONFIDENCE in the GOP party when y'all are letting RUSSIA affect them.
maybe it's time you actually listen to your constituents instead of name calling because your lines are busy in your VM are full
you mean like an investigation into Russian interference?
You didn't seem concerned when FBI said Russian hacks were to sway our election. No call from you to investigate that.
By the way, not a paid agitator. I'm an Austin attorney, native Texan. I've called your office many times and I'll keep calling
The GOP eliminated the commission, so how are you gonna do that? http://www.ibtimes.com/despite-trump-voter-fraud-claims-house-committee-votes-eliminate-eac-agency-charge-2488146 …
I would have far more confidence in our elections if Republicans would stop blatant voter suppression efforts that skew results.
Maybe it is time to have Donald see psychiatrist & report to we the people. We can see he's an unfit malignant narcissist.
Great news. I look forward to your working to uncover the true extent of foreign interference in the most recent one.
answer the phone.
When's your next town hall? I want to know what you are doing for us Senator.
Get rid of electronic voting machines! Bring back paper ballots.
automatic voter registration from the Fed so states like Texas and Pennsylvania don't intentionally suppress poor voters
what's with all the fakes, paid agitators on your feeds, threatening Town Hall disruptions, spreading false narratives? #ignore
I haven't been paid. Is asking my rep to conduct a Town Hall agitation now?
Maybe it is time to force Donald to show us his taxes to restore confidence in our elections.
yes it should be bipartisan.
https://projects.propublica.org/graphics/voterfraud …
Quit deflecting. If you cared at all, you'd be scheduling those Texas town halls we keep asking for.
seems like Team @GOP has already decided that we no longer need an Election Assistance Commission.
Too little too late. There needs to be an independent investigation into Trump’s relationship with Russia. I don't trust you!
What confidence?
maybe it's time for you to pick up the phone and schedule a town hall meeting and listen to your constituents!
how about programs to help people get IDs and register to vote. I.e. Transportation and education.
Maybe it's time both parties stopped using gerrymandering to force election wins while we are at it.
Gerrymandering is undemocratic, no matter who does it.
Would we great to have James Baker and President Carter Co-Chair again!
A good start would be to eliminate the Electoral College. That would inspire confidence.
Wonderful! I take this as an announcement that you'll be pushing for independent commission on voter fraud and surpression.
Step one:  get Russia to stop interfering with our electoral process.
Maybe it's time to investigate Trump's Russian ties instead.  That's far more dangerous.
