Dude, you're the worst kind of party hack. I can't wait to vote you out of office in 2020.
2/2 You of all people should understand THIS=IF the government unmasked the DJT campaign TO NO ONE and then did WHAT with the data?  NOTHING
Man behind the curtain. Get back to Russia John.
#TownHall please stop sharing these articles. We want you!
I am dismissing it because it's BS drummed up to distract from Trump/Russia. The more you tweet this, the more it seems you're involved.
1/ Quite frankly, as a request to my Senator, I would much rather @GOP & @DNC work together on national priorities than this ugly pettiness
Independent investigation all around.  We are watching everything you do John and we will not forget your lack of concern
Or about collusion with Russian gangsters to win an election.
Hey John! Don't Dismiss Concerns about you holding a Town Hall!
Keep up your Trump Fan Boy act... don't take a hard and unbiased approach to Russian corruption of election and prepare to join private life
Russia...let's focus there. Tax return for the President and oh yea don't start WW3 over acting tough w N Korea.
Sounds like we need an independent investigation of everyone involved, doesn't it? Let's discuss at a town hall.
U best get on board the RussiaGate train & quit posting bull crap like this! U r not going to be judged well by history w/this foolishness!
Don't forget that these tweets live forever......
No, I think I will.
Yet u're comfortable dismissing Trump & admin's ties with Russia. Or have I missed your ardent tweets about independent investigation?
Why do you keep defending and supporting DJT when he is such a disaster and is harming our democracy?
Focus on what is important: Trump/Russia ties. You represent the people NOT Trump. Act like it.
Gee, John, you went almost  a whole day without being totally partisan. Oh. You slept.
great strat: always start with frying the smallest fish  #partyovercountry
Traitor
I want a senator with a clear mind & heart with enough courage to keep country over party. You are not that person. #canCornyn2020
I've never been unmasked by federal intelligence agencies and wouldn't care if I were being checked out. I'm doing nothing wrong!
So very sick of your partisan BS. Hope these tweets come back to slap you in the face at some point. Preferably soon.
Is Senate Intelligence an oxymoron? Come back to us when you have FACTS not speculative articles. You are being paid to investigate!
Blameshifting will not work. Trying to arrest the firemen right before you burn down the house WILL NOT WORK! Misprision of Treason sux.
The house is on fire and you are worried about the person who called the fire department?
Would you give it up?
As a member of the senate committee investigating #trumprussia showing your spots is repulsive. We need an indy investigation &new TXSEN2020
/3 - You need to go on record with own position. You tweet these pieces w/o commentary. Country over party?
/2 - Does not address that 20 authorized to unmask face stiff penalties if they get it wrong. Misleading title also
- As an atty, I'd say this is fair analysis. BUT does overreach in places (HRC campaign had no ties to Russia) /1
dead issue- but dont dismiss concerns over @realDonaldTrump game of Nuclear Chicken today- what planet are you on John? @TXlege @TXDemWomen
U not done ur homework, get some tutoring. This makes no sense. Even if it did, 45 is under investigation for TREASON. Unmasking is trivial
No one should be beyond the law!!
Don't dismiss concerns that this boob refuses to hold a town hall or be accountable for his partisan bad decisions. Party over country....
Argument needs to be whether WH officials need tighter justifications to unmask intelligence. We certainly need that now under current WH.
You are embarrassing yourself.  On the bright side, maybe you'll help enough people will realize you aren't fit to be our senator. #2020
Susan Rice was doing her job. Obama administration did not talk about it, tweet, leak or say anything about the intelligence. POTUS did.
I wish senator Cornyn cared about russia interfering in our elections.  His only concern is republican or democrat.
You are complicit. This is the lowest point in your career and getting lower everyday.
Quick, look over there!

Stop trying to distract us, it’s just embarrassing.
How about we discuss it at a TOWN HALL MEETING? #yourlastterm
John, is this normal or acceptable? Better yet, is it even remotely legal? Y or N answers 
JUST IN: Nearly $500K in campaign funds has gone to Trump-owned properties: report http://hill.cm/ACsjnsZ  
This article does not provide the "aha!" moment you intend. A lot of speculation involved. Why don't you do your own work on Trump & Russia?
90 days today, due date from 45 on full hacking report..crickets  #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Don't dismiss concerns about the administration's collusion with Russia yet. This will not end well. Time to ditch that sinking ship.
Well, what are you guys going to do about it?  If history is any indication, nothing.
I am concerned about yr independence in this investigation. Your voters in TX & all of US deserve better. We r watching you!
Let us take one: Trump is enriching himself at our expense. Your voters want to know your response to that.
Ok,but how does literally EVERYTHING else for Trump get a pass?CanNOT imagine the utter craziness that would've ensued
3.RUSSIA 4.womanizing/multiple marriages 5.bankruptcies 6.accusations against former president 7.birther movement
And so.much.more. Please represent & advocate for TX and USA. Enough!
John, you have "dismissed" (or are ignoring) so much it is staggering! Why will you not even mention any?
Are you saying you want 45s crimes exposed? Goodonya!  It might help if u do more than tweet it. Do the right thing. #YouWorkForUs
u are embarrassing. @POTUS golfs18 times, spends 8x as much as Obama on travel, no transparency & getting Russia $
can't imagine why campaign's ties to hostile foreign power would interest nat'l security director.
Don't dismiss concerns about Trump/Russia; nepotism; emoulements; & amateurism and stupidity. Is that plain so GOP can understand? Whip?
Are you trying to distract from the real crisis in our democracy? Try to focus on real issues and not manufactured outrage. #russia #treason
Same question posed to Sen. Flake at his town hall: When will you put country over party? And when is YOUR town hall?
There r too many "coincidences" & lies  This is not going away. U & your cronies owe our country to find the truth. Do your job or lose it
Unmask Trumps taxes!!  Hold a damn town hall!  It is your job.
Thank you for doing your part to destroy this country. Enjoy yourself
Well said, Ray
You're enabling a traitor which makes you a traitor...
Nobody is dismissing it. We're just tired of you using it to try to change the narrative and pretending that unmasking is more dangerous
Than the administration's Russian ties that it's exposing. Stop changing the narrative and treat Russian interference seriously
You sir are no American
John, you are on the gang of 8. You've known about Trump/Russia since the summer, yet you want to focus on unmasking? Grow up. #traitor
Didn't realize he was on gang of 8. He is read in and chooses to focus on this?  Dumbshit. Coward. Sellout.
He's on the Senate Intelligence Committee, has access to all of the documents.
If a full and fair investigation leads Rice to jail for 30 years that is fine.  Just do an independent investigation into everyone.
Yes, an honest investigation and not this dog and pony show. Figure out what's going on with Russia.
