Then get with the program and back the budget proposal!
That budget is evil
Do NOT approve the Trump budget. People need education, k-12 programs are necessary, and Public Service SLF benefits everyone.
Approve it now. "People need" - lovely. How is it paid for?
You want schools to close? This is going to cause lay-offs of teachers who will default. It purposefully sets up failure.
Is there a US Code re Collusion?
Kinda like how you & GOP complained about Obama exploding the debt when he actually decreased the deficit each year

http://federal-budget.insidegov.com/ 
Are you talking debt or deficit? If you don't know the difference, don't respond. Thanks.
I thought my understanding of it was clear when I made a distinction between the two in my first tweet. GOP complained about Obama's
Out of control spending and explosion of the debt even though his budget reduced debt impact each year. He still ran deficits, but he
Decreased them almost annually, clearly making deficit reduction a priority. The complaints that he was recklessly exploding the debt isn't
Held up by looking at the annual deficit.
Only in Cornyn's mind is he doing a good job.  Partisan hacks have no place in US Senate.  #Townhall
Explain how it's of to strip 24m of healthcare yet consistently vote to raise your own pay and benefits?
Is that news? You are the 2nd-ranking member of the Senate, and have been in DC 15 yrs. What have you done to improve upon the situation?
Zero
I live in Klein, Tx and work for the Houston Fire Department.  I voted for you and now I need YOUR NO vote on SB2190
Do something   You live there   #2 in senate majority     DO SOMETINH
How many mentally disabled people will Texas put on the streets if the House budget is passed? How many more will suffer with Trump's?
Well the population is increasing year after year, so it would make sense that a government would also grow over time. Look at our history.
Collin County Texas is targeted for huge land tax increase this year, forcing single parents like me into the welfare system. Work on that.
Amen. Dallas County also.
Tom green county also
Ah, the horns of the Cornyn dilemma: is he trying to mislead the public, or just an idiot?
Hard to say.
We demand congress special coucil to investigate the death of Seth Rich AKA Panda
Are the cuts we are hearing about social programs @JohnCornyn are cuts in growth, not true cuts.  we need to cut spending across the board
Trump wants to grow the deficit by giving tax cuts to the wealthiest people.  Absolutely the wrong move.
stop complaining and get to work for us
You mean the debt right?
democrats and rhinos have control of budget narrative in dc....need republican fiscal hawks to return from hibernation.
It will grow at a decreased rate.  I know you know that just tell you constituents.  It's a reduction in spending
Only in Washington DC is where politicians vote to give themselves pay raises year after year.
And yet, the population grows, the economy grows, and inflation inflates. Stop repeating right wing fallacies.
Serious question: why would anyone propose increasing military spending if we already outspend the next 7 countries combined?
Especially if it's looking more and more like the solutions to our conflicts are not military?
Vulnerable people can be radicalized anywhere in the world, and dropping bombs only seems to fuel extremist propaganda.
Shame on you. Instead of saying budget is DOA, say "It's a good place to start." Read The Art of the Deal. Support the (R) President.
Why are rich being given huge tax cuts? Does the country not need that revenue? #democracy #corruption
Cornyn voted for Trumpcare.  Hey bud, tax cuts for billionaires?  THAT'S SPENDING.
Are if speaking of our outrageously expensive and unjustifiable military you budget? Like Texas hold 'em...ALL IN on this black hole
Tweet that party line without discussing reality. The gap between rich & poor will continue to grow wRepublican agenda. #USAb4party
Only in Washington DC is a healthcare plan a huge tax cut for the very wealthy 
Release trumps taxes to Mueller
It's crazy isn't it? We used to have savvy businessmen for congressmen. You remember what #LloydBentsen said, right?
Mr. Bentsen said that nobody should run for federal office until they have earned $2M in the private sector. Imagine a Dem saying that today
Need to look at totality of situation. Tax cuts for wealthy who have thrived while allowing deficits to grow and cut aid to people in need?
Thats a cute line and overused. Come up with a better plan, you're a freakin senator not the peanut gallery
Fact: Spending cuts (tax giveaways to the rich) often harm the economy. Evidence: Bush-era economic freefall. Forget greed. Get a new plan.

Defense spending which goes up but has no natural driver, social spending goes up because population increases. What about $1T DOD hole?
This is the same @JohnCornyn that just retweeted the FAKE Rex Tillerson. Bad judgement or just dumb?
How much $$ did Putin give "Big John" Cornyn.
Were you ever briefed by former CIA Chief Brennan about the ties between the Russians and Trump?

Were you one of the 8 that were informed?
I just read that you say Trump's budget is "dead on arrival". Trump ran on that budget. You ran on nothing but being re-elected.
And only in TX do we think the way 2 improve child welfare system is 2 discriminate against those w/ loving homes.Religious freedom my ass!
What's up with the $$$$billion arms deal with the "terrorist incubator," Saudi Arabia?!?
Sad
Aren't you forgetting something? Like the spending cuts to Medicaid, Medicare, SS are to cover huge #TaxCutsforWealthy
Ratios. Fractions. Math. Don't get it?
No that's how regular people budget too, not that you'd ever have to think about such things in your gated W Austin mansion.
Only in #Texas does religious freedom mean discriminating against #LGBT and redistricting mean discrimination against minorities
Kind of like only in DC do they think tax cuts for millionaires will trickle down to the middle class? *hint:it doesn't work see the 80s&00s
Only if it's cuts that effect the poor you mean
Do we need to talk about inflation, or...?
Do you still support the current administration in light of allegations of collusion with Russia? Focus!
Only in current WH is Israel not part of the Middle East. See yet another embarrassing gaffe by geographer-in-chief, his orangeness, 45.
Stand up and be counted, sir...or go down in infamy with your party. #CountryOverParty
Agreed. So, what's your plan to raise more revenue so that essential programs aren't cut? You could hold a town hall & get some ideas!
Only when the GOP leads both House and Senate will we support Russian Government over American People #NeverForget
As Majority Whip, you own that. BTW explain that & more @ townhall meetings in Texas cities & towns. Where's that schedule?
#TrumpRussia not this other nonsense.
If only the things cut were loopholes and tax breaks for rich people and corporations.
Loopholes grow the middle class. You need a high tax rate with lots of loopholes. The absence of loopholes causes hoarding.
#truth
So don't cut taxes on the wealthy.  As you said, cutting spending is an albatross. Make your tax cuts contingent upon decreased spending.
#NationalDebt @NationalDebt "A Ticking Time Bomb" & unavoidable
"grows" like the budget increase of $15 MILLION-per-month to house @FLOTUS in New York? + #Trump's Golf @ $3 Million-per-weekend.
I really like the Republicans' plan to cut modern research at NIH and go back to leeches.
Can we cut the subsidies for fossil fuel companies?
Inflation   Did you get a pay raise and have more of your health plan paid for???
Right! The world is a simple place that never ever changes!!! 

Also, eat shit, poor people
U.S. National Debt @NationalDebt Clock http://www.usdebtclock.org 
Only in Washington are people so stupid as to not understand the basic economics of higher costs = more needed funding. Economics 101
and your campaign donations from the Koch Brothers?

Only in a coward's mind is it ok to burp out occasional nonsense when your constituents are screaming for you to do something about #TREASON
U must be talking about #BHO & #HRC treason of selling uranium 2 Russians, enabling Iran nukes, and fostering isis. Don't worry, JS is on it
What a fool you are.
Population and our GDP grows every year, and inflation also boosts the nominal GDP value. You should be shocked if it doesn't grow.
Uhh, haven't you voted for every spending bill Obama wanted?
Y weren't u man enough 2 speak up during the last 8 years? U let lawlessness & #corruption run rampant & never spoke up. Do-nothing #RINO
Gov Paychecks Y NOT PAY #MedicareTaxes on $65,000+ that U #DONTPAY tax on,thats $650K n10 yrs,$2M in30,TIMES that by 6.5M Fed Emp #taxreform
Only now is the idea of providing less services to an expanding population incomprehensible
Your dear leader's budget will balloon the debt to Greece levels. Don't want to hear it from 'fiscally conservative' party
Then do your job and fix it. Or we will find somebody that will.
Let's pay our debts.
& whatever you do, don't mention the Russians.

*bing!* been cracking that joke for about a week now. You get my "You're Awesome!" award 
You mean like that $610 billion cut to Medicaid that's based on math that's 2 trillion dollars off?
I love you
Easy raise taxes on the rich
Oh god no!!! They would never do that. It's much easier to take away from the sick and elderly. You know, they can't put up a fight
Cuts to specific things are still cuts.
Only in Washington DC do people who are supposed to help you rob you and stab you in the back while saying it's for your own good.
Start with zero based budget. That is what I do. If it works for us, it should be used by Federal Govt.
Like the bloated military budget?
