Every time you tweet, I'm shocked by either your audacity or ignorance. Which is it?
I have to assume tweets are delegated to his interns. The tone comes across as too immature, unpolished to be written by a US senator.
One can only hope.
I wouldn't want to come here either.
I guess we don't need to waste money on a wall, then.  Thanks!
Proof that we need to pull the trigger on ending birthright citizenship for the spawn of illegals. Do you understand the purpose of the 14th
No surprise, since people generally try to escape from fascist regimes not risk life & limb to join them.
No one wants to enter
The cost of "deterrence" in this case: our reputation (and our identity?) as a decent people who care for others. #NoMuslimBan #NoBanNoWall
#nomuslimban ? You mean 'cost' as in lives protected because we prevented the establishment of Sharia Law in the USA? America 1st & always!
Don't talk about statistics like you know anything. Sure, did bigots like you cause that drop? Maybe. CBP being inept? Possibly.
Did you see the March job numbers! They were awful! No jobs no reason to cross!
So we don't need a wall that will costs billions!  I expect you to oppose adding that to the continuing resolution this month.
Because the number of officers at the border has been reduced to conduct raids on the interior of the country.
It's amazing how a little law enforcement effort can reduce crime.
Excellent! Proof we don't need a wall! Good topic to discuss at a town hall. When are you holding one?
So, since Cheeto Hilter took office, people don't want to come here.
Because NO ONE wants to be here anymore!! #TrumpTaxReturns #TrumpRussiaCollusion #seriously #theresistance #2020 can't get here soon enough!
Why aren't u working on penalizing companies that hire illegal workers? No big wins there? Any immigration effort should work demand side
Yes and crops will be rotting in the fields...will you be voting on relief for the farmers that can't get adequate labor?
Wrong again. People are leaving in droves because of #45.
doesn't that mean we're not catching as many people??
So let's not waste taxpayer $ on a wall we apparently don't need any more. Use it for PBS, NEH/A, EPA. Should be great!
Illegal immigration has been trending downward for years! Cut the bullshit, Senator, and focus on policy that will help normal Americans!
That's because with your friend in the WH and Rs in control of Congress, America is an unfriendly place no one wants to come to.

Remind me: was it already trending down before Trump took office? Don't hurt yourself, I'll help. The answer is yes. Stealing credit again.
kudos.
Making the country so shitty no one wants to be here = GOP #win.

I guess.
The number of people wanting to enter the country by any means is at a 45 year low because of Chump and #complicit jackasses like you.
Not to mention their cell phones might get confiscated & they get treated like dirt even if from EU. Cornyn is part of that problem.
It's also been trending down since the Obama years. #tellthewholestory #youandyourkinddonotownthis
Partly due to deterrence w/more deportation; but also Mexico's econ has been improving. = less motive to come. Stronger Mexico better for US
I can get behind that. But we need not let Trump & Co claim credit, especially when doing so by insinuating something that isn't even true.
Mexico cooperation at the border helps.  Who said Mexico won't pay? Some people don't understand the barter system.  Proud of my President!
No, John. It's the fact that Mexican economy is improving. Happens every time. #TruthNotAlternativeFacts #QuitLyingToYourConstituents
Maybe bcz our deportation force has shifted its focus away from the border?  Just a theory.  Has the level of security @ the border changed?
Fear: the feeling of immigrants in America
Tell that to the construction industry in Texas
Also don't think you are going to turn South Texas red because it isn't going to happen. Come back up north and do a townhall please.
Including those sweet Syrian children that Trump and @GOP are so worried about expect when it comes to letting them in our country!
Without a wall!
If by deterrence you mean the election of a xenophobe. Keep hitchin' your wagon to the trump train. 2020 will be here before you know it
you shites- what the hell with the bomb in Afghanistan ?? you want the whole world to ahte Americans ???@txlege @houstonchron @dallasnews
You make it sound like you've accomplished something. You haven't, unless you count supporting treason. #Trumprussia
keep f'n that chicken
Hey, pass senate bill 4 like NOW and could you please hurry up and push through the no more inspections required for cars!!!!!! Get to wk!
Therefore no need for Trumps wall
The number of vacationers in the U.S. is at historically low figures as well. The guns you encourage are equally dissuading to tourists.
No Wall
Because Donald Trump is turning our country into a hell hole.  Great.
Thanks @BarackObama for doing more to deter illegal immigration then you will ever admit (but you'll gladly take credit for it like Trump)
Is there any news about the economic impact on tourism? Especially to Texas?

British spies were first to spot Trump team's links with Russia https://www.theguardian.com/uk-news/2017/apr/13/british-spies-first-to-spot-trump-team-links-russia?CMP=share_btn_tw …
You got 83 likes of you original and by my count 80 opposing tweets with hundreds of their own likes. You think this messaging is working?
Coz it works so well in the drug war!
Austin town hall when? You are due for a good tongue lashing from the electorate
great. Now don't need a wall and we can use that money on health care or education
BUILD THE WALL...NOW!!
Breaking up families, deporting business owners, snatching spouses is a small price to pay!
Hasn't that number been dropping dramatically in the past 15 years though?
Deterrence: The number of Texas constituents avoided by John Cornyn reaches a record high of 28 million.
My God John. Aren't u embarrassed by trump? Where is ur dignity?
So u r taking credit for crops rotting in the fields because there are not enough workers for the harvest. Thanks republicans.
You're kidding right?? You decide to post a thought and this is what you post? Joining Team Russia?
So I guess we don't even need the wall
Yes but yet GOP wants to waste taxpayers dollars on a wall, which by the way, already exists? Can't afford HC but can afford Trump vacations
It has been on a downward trend for a while.  Why are we building a wall and expanding border guard?
So people are afraid (instead of inspired) to come to the US. Yey. Let's celebrate.
you know there were staffing shortages right? Thats why hiring freeze was lifted? Low # caught, doesnt mean low # tried to enter
At what cost? Pushing literally our closest ally away, potential disrupting YOUR states economy and chastising an entire race of people.
Guess we don't need to spend money on the wall then. Maybe we can fund more worthy causes instead. NEA, Meals on Wheels, etc.
that's because of 8 years pf steady decrease under Obama. You should be thanking him
That's part of a trend that started under Pres. Obama. Kind of ruins the "we're tough on illegals" narrative, doesn't it?
Nobody wants to visit us anymore. :-/ Beat up a few passengers, demand access to a few private pics on travelers phones and they just bail.
@JudgeCarter
No words can fully describe the ignorance behind this sort of crowing.
@TexasGOP so why is a wall needed…?
Typical. Another critical thinking failure...
So why does our government want to spend my tax dollars on border wall? Makes no sense when it could be used for soft defense & veterans.
The rate's been dropping for the past 7 years. 

http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2016/11/03/5-facts-about-illegal-immigration-in-the-u-s/ …
This has long been the case proving that new immigration policies are a ruse to stoke fear and to discriminate.
No it's called negative immigration growth, which was happening during 44's presidency. Get some of your own stats, comrade
So, no need to build a wall.
Yep. Just make your country the laughing stock of the world and no one will want to visit!
Got a source on that?
Terrorizing immigrants through hateful and violent rhetoric is nothing to be proud of.
Meanwhile silence on Russia/Trump, party before country, we will not forget.
So it was all talk!!  Scare tactic.
Now dont use this data to embrace globalist agenda.
bad logic.
Tell the whole story...
Tell business owners in Texas what incentives will be offered to fill vacated positions held by our hard working neighbors from the South.
Love to discuss this. When's your #TownHall in TX? Or do we need to elect somebody that'll talk WITH us rather than AT us?
First, that's not Trump - other factors in play. What IS on Trump is rise of hate speech and acts since election.
Care to comment on wonderful legal immigrants who want nothing to do with our once great country? Ex:
"What Americans will lose when they push immigrants away: doctors" http://ti.me/2oCkT8l 
No thanks to you. Who has been in power dang near that long. RINO
Why don't you ask some experts how deterrence works? Hint: it doesn't. #NoBanNoWall
Time to open our borders to those displaced by hatred & war.  Stop being afraid of the few & help the many.  We're too big to ignore them.
Why are you in favor of the Billion dollars  wall
Great, when will MX start paying for the wall?
the number of constituents you have spoken with is also at an all time low.  #holdatownhall #coward
R u for withholding payments to insurers? Have a Town Hall. Let's discuss!
Because America is no longer a desirable place for people to live! GOP is f'ing it up as quickly as possible! Thanks!
Duh  #NoWall
Great. How about affordable health care? Shine the light where it should be shone.
Truth: illegal immigration has been going down since the Rs crash around 2008. People who come 2 look 4 work don't come if there r no jobs.
So we don't need a wall? There r other options?
Illegal immigration was on the decline before the gestapo style deportations but facts are irrelevant to you.
And you republicans have done nothing!!
It's been decreasing for a decade.
Deterrence by Mr. Obama. Doesn't turn around because 45 says it does.
Thank you Trump and all of you supporting him
So why are you enamored with and enabling an idiot who wants to build a $10B+ wall??
Thank trump
Yes, thanks to Obama era policies. Thank you for acknowledging that. #dumptrump #dumpjohn2020
What do you attribute to the decline? @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @MSNBC @IndivisibleTeam @JCDEMSTX
The number of 'registered' foreign agents in the White House is at an all time high. This happened on your watch without so much as a word
Wow, you guys got that wall up pretty fast.
Right it shows we don't need to wast the money. Four years of Trump will see more leaving than coming because he sucks!
Waste
Like low numbers? Check POTUS' approval ratings. Want even lower? Number of town halls you've announced. Focus, Lil' Johnny. Focus!
Can you get Trump to show his taxes so we can know his foreign interest
Hell yes! Surely his tax returns will reveal how he has been making America great again. 
When are you holding a town hall!  You are off now no excuse. Others are doing it why not you?  You work for us!!
This means we can save a few billion and skip the wall, right?
So… you’re saying we are apprehending less illegals as they come over the border? Um.. that sounds like you are failing not improving.
Great!  But don't act like its something you were responsible for.
- a non-problem that lets rural whites continue to delude themselves about lack of education. Education = choice & mobility
could it be the administration in the white house? I wouldn't want to come here either with president cheeto in charge.
Therefore, there is no need for a stupid, wasteful wall that makes us look like a paranoid police state. And wont make any difference.
The financial crisis was a significant deterrent, thanks to deregulation and failure to regulate lending and securitization.
Who the hell wants to come here? Not even tourists are coming
At what cost to our souls, and at what cost to the nation's good name?
Yes because we've made America a less desirable option #winning
Hold a town hall! Others are, why not you?
Amen!
Or the continuance of a long term trend from the last six years. Trend lines gonna trend.
And all we had to do prove was prove to the world that Americans hate non-white people. What an improvement.
BTW, that's sarcasm.
#Resist
Cool story, bro. When can we have a #TownHall and talk about it?
Having worked on border issues, one number does not reveal much.
Consider: attempted crossings, ages, families attempting, & more.
Why would they want to come here anyway? #Trumprussia
John, have you listed the 5 cases that make Gorsuch a great Associate Justice and the 5 that made Garland unacceptable for me yet?
So when migrant workers aren't here at harvest time and crops in your district rot in the fields, how will you make this a good thing then?
I guess Trump did that, right? What campaign rhetoric will you use to stoke fear in your reelection bid, @JohnCornyn?
Cruz 2018 Cornyn on 2020 let vote them out and turn Texas blue!!  Dandy a town hall he is chicken and to busy covering thing up for Trump!
Yes. #loseCruz2018 #canCornyn2020
because they figured out we are a fascist nation.
