Former U.S. ambassador to the U.N. says N. Korea catching U.S. off guard is "a massive intelligence failure" http://cbsn.ws/2vGPuFS  
There can not be an intelligence failure in the US govt. You have to have intelligence before it can fail.
Why not?  Explain!  We need to staff State Dept.  No ambassador in many countries!  Sad! Are you a patriot or enabler?
Lol. Right. Do better. #cornygoals.
You sound more and more like @Potus every day.  We Texans are majorly disappointed.
Wow, I'm NOT a Senator & I know N Korea threatens Guam about twice a year... who was caught off guard by this? You? Then you're a dummy
No intelligence at all
I'm disappointed that you have chosen to represent the Republican party, instead of the people of Texas
I also don't blame the intelligence community.  I blame @GOP and @POTUS for squandering Intel and escalating us into nuclear war.
@JohnCornyn wouldn't know intelligence even if it bit him on the ass....he's a Trump supporter & apologist & a Texas embarrassment
There's a massive intelligence failure in you being a Senator...
Remember when our intel told you Trump was compromised? Country over party Cornyn.
please back legislation to require congressional approval prior to nuclear strike. Trump is too impulsive to be trusted
The intelligence failure is Trump. A complete failure & loud mouth creating chaos.
Our intelligence agencies are a joke because of the leadership, by defending it seems you're including yourself. Dirty Intelligence!#MAGA
no. just no? no explanation as to the "no?" just no. what a knee-jerk denial. ugh.
When will the mindless PC reverence for the Intelligence agency leaders stop? Call a spade a spade!#DrainTheSwamp#crookedhillary#MAGA
Zero communication, no town hall, sold off our internet privacy, saboteur of health care, supporter of  president = John Cornyn
 #outin2020
What? John...Is this your assignment for your Trump Tweeting 101 class? Grade: C minus.
Yes, 45* has no intelligence in this arena and is a failure #ImpeachTrumpNow
Then what would you call it? & would you please get ur leader under control, This brinksmanship may be the death of billions of innocents!
Here's your intelligence failure...
Dirty intelligence agency leaders were too busy taking the American people's liberties to have time to do their job and defend them.#MAGA
Oh! Are you a North Korean expert? Can you expand, maybe provide some context?
How about doing this at at Townhall?
The GOP needs to call an emergency session to stop Trump from starting a nuclear war. You can either be a hero or you let millions die.
This whole admin and those who support it (you) have no intelligence and therefore is a failure! Failure of intelligence!
Resign already!
I think the former ambassador was referring to himself.
That's a genius reply along the lines of "No puppet." Are you educated at all? Capable of complete sentences or not? #voteyouout
Intelligence agencies(17 btw, really?) have been too busy playing politics for Obama & Hillary, no time to do their real job!#MAGA
So you'll continue to support this admins dangerous foreign policies (or lack of)that lead us to war? #RepealandReplaceCornyn
Today would be a good day for @JohnCornyn to hold a town hall.
   
  #DoYourJob or #Resign!
It would be a better day for him to retire.
When was that Intelligence Committee briefing?
No failure. Lack of intelligence. Lack of interest. Laziness.
no puppet
Well I guess that settles it.  Good input.
I'm a conservative business owner in Texas that strongly believes our president is an intelligence failure
So, start spreading your jewels of wisdom on the subject. When and where are your townhalls scheduled? Coward.
Care to share the reasoning behind your conclusion, Senator?
There's a "YUGE" intelligence failure in DC.
When is ur town hall? Y haven't u answered me? I live in Dallas TX
@CBSNews if this had happened under Obama of Hillary, you would have been screaming about the huge intelligence failure! troll
When is your Town Hall?
Evidence?
This rebuttal would be more suited for a five-year-old, John. Try harder.
Hey John, just drop the word 'failure'. You've proven time & time again that you have 'no intelligence'
So you're saying we knew what was happening the whole time & this is all part of the diabolical master @GOP plan? Oh, good. I was worried.
Do you ever listen to yourself???
Wow, what a nuanced and well supported point John Cornyn. You've certainly made your case.
To many Leaker's
John, Keep drinking the kool-aid.  You'll be gone in 2020. I would ask when you'll start listening to us, but never mind. Pls just go away.
And dear john,you would recognise both no intelligence and failure #complicit #corrupt  #coward @txlege @txdemwomen
When will the GOP realize that Trump is a dangerous, inept buffoon- and do something to stop him. #Article25
If @realDonaldTrump paid attention to the intelligence rather then the voices in his head, we probably would have this failure
With all due respect, you wouldn't know intelligence if someone rammed it up your left nostril.
He kinda looks like somebody already tried to.
Bill Richardson has way more intelligence than you Senator.
He can thank Obama for that
.@JohnCornyn As @DanRather said, you made a cynical calculation. Good luck with that. #TXVoter
It would be nice if you held townhall to explain this to us during this incredibly frightening time.   PLEASE !  We need to hear you not RT
If you want to act like a fox News infotainer, go do that. Don't denigrate your office, your staff, and the great stare of Texas like this!
John. Seriously. You are undermining our democracy. STOP OR RESIGN!
To be honest, hearing that from you is worthless to me. #TexasSenatorsLastTerm #Resist #TrumpsterFire
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
This is a distraction ploy for the GOP and all of the members of Revelations 21:8 crew! They know who they are
Do you represent the President or the people of TX? It seems like you are perfectly fine with letting him start WW3. At OUR expense!
Then what? Your country is scared. Your constituents are SCARED. We need 2 know what's going on. It's your job 2 tell us if your pres won't.
Because why, Senator?
its a MASSIVE CLINTON FAILURE ! LETS CALL THIS FOR WHAT IT IS
Well, drafting the BCRA healthcare legislation...maybe?
@CBSNews Senator, how would you classify what has happened?
Why does it look like VP wasnt briefed about the widespread Russian interference w our 2016 election? #TrumpRussia
FLASHBACK: Mike Pence January 2017.

Q: Did any Trump campaign member have contact with the Russians?…
Why didnt Republican leadership inform  about  as our IC communities confidence grew? #TrumpRussia
NEVER FORGET that in September, McConnell reportedly rejected calls for a unified front against Russia & cast doubt on the intelligence. 5/ 
You mean we have no intelligence in the White House and that's the failure?
What a strong argument Senator
Not a puppet.
You forgot the comma after intelligence
@CBSNews what world are you visiting now they were years off are you kidding me
Do you agree with McConnell's comments or do you disagree?
Your president hasn't even nominated an ambassador  to South Korea yet, six months late. Please continue to defend competence and corruption

Just because a dem says it..
WMD's?
Intelligence does not have a perfect history. Wish U could be little more objective 4 the good of USA
This administration doesn't know the right hand from the left hand.
Every day of your life is an intelligence failure, Johnny.
Senator you continue to ignore the majority of Texans . You're going to follow McConnell to the depths of hell !
Clinton and Obama failure!!!!
What is your position on "Fire and Fury?"
Previous administration failure
FALSE
Of course we know the Clinton WH gave NK the reactors, the fuel, and missile guidance systems. No Intel failure here.
Actually you need to have intelligence to have a failure.  You're safe, trumps safe, noting to fail
Ok, let's call it intelligence leadership ineptness then. When you have ineptitude at the top it filters down. Means you're 2nd level inept.
I agree. The US has been bungling the NK situation since 1950.
@CBSNews John, we have a president that is acting without the benefit of the IC.He doesn't trust them.This is a trump intel fail
So, your dismissal of Russian money into congressional leader's election funds shows you agreement, right? https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ …
Well, I'm sure he got part of it, he is a Republican.
When are you and the rest of congress going to deal with the inept, ridiculous POTUS? He needs to go before he starts WWIII.
Weren't you the retired judge who didn't understand the 1st amendment?
Maybe just no intelligence period
Some intelligence 15million registered voters im Tx. You have 112k followers.
Many of us are keeping the enemy close.

Me thinks the Senator doth protest too much.
Putin won the cold war on your watch Sen Traitor. Go count your rubles. You have no credibility. You willfully lie to your constituents.
You using the word intelligence. That's rich.
Wow. RIP your mentions yet again. You're not getting better at this.
Where does this guy get his info?  Does he make it up like MSM?
you are all failures and will wipe out planet.
John, turn away from the cheeto-in chief.
Well that settles it.
Your right cause their is virtually no intelligence in the trump administration starting with ignoramos @realDonaldTrump
Making vague and inflammatory threats against another unbalanced leader shows a huge failure of intelligence. You are siding with a loser
President Trump is a moron who is about to lead the US into catastrophic war costing thousands of lives
Pretty sure he means literal intelligence at it relates to @realDonaldTrump 
You are a failure.
Only when it's the democrats, right John?
You're right.  It's a failure caused by 'no intelligence'.
Goodbye John.
Massive "Trump knows everything so why listen to lowly paid career intelligence officers" Failure!
Yes Intelligence failure. It's called Trump
Your statement is useless, Senator. What are you trying to say?
Yeah, MASSIVE intelligence failure in the WH. And you're still backing it. Apparently you're having an intelligence failure. 
No intelligence.  Failure.  Like you.
No intelligence. Failure.
Oh, what a difference punctuation can make! 
Assuage our fears of the Twitler. Will you support HR 669 which prevents @POTUS from first use of nukes without Congressional approval?
What are you doing about it?
Your tweets are barely one step above 45.
Townhall schedule? Performance review time! Now! Impeach 45 now.
It's pretty amazing how these escalations occur at the same time Mueller investigation information comes out.
@realDonaldTrump July 26th's twitter rant now in full context 
His ' intelligence ' fails, often.
@CBSNews it is if @POTUS doesn't start listening to Intel community @MSNBC @PoliticalDiscor @JoaquinCastrotx @SenSanders
Not another war JC, our troops have been through enough. As a draft deferrer you can appreciate not wanting to go to war
pretending a threat does not exist doesn't work. The threat still exists, and still needs to be dealt with.
Wrong. @realDonaldTrump is a walking, talking intelligence failure
Very big intelligence failure, but you and I are not using the word 'intelligence' the same way JC?
Wait. I thought we couldn't trust the intelligence community. Who are we rooting for today, again? I lost track.

A DEMOCRAT MADE AN ARGUABLY ACCURATE STATEMENT I MUST DISAVOW IT TO SERVE MY DEAR LEADER.
That's all you have to say on the subject Senator?  Will you ever question anything this WH does or says? Can you display some intelligence?
Nope
You are truly useless
For goodness sake...what failure??
Better tweet title "..the president's incendiary statement, which was not very helpful, is not the way to go"
Let me remind you that ALL Democrats are Enemies of the Constitution and the Republic, and some RINOs
45 is not intelligent
No intelligence failure, no intelligence failure, you're the intelligence failure
Brian Kilmeade mentioned something about Obama knowing about these extreme capabilities in 2013 AND HE DID NOTHING
FALSE.
@tedcruz   both of our TX senators are "no intelligence" failures...
#BetoForTexas #BetoForSenate #Beto2018 #TurnTexasBlue
Yes it is!!!!! OMG! https://twitter.com/lawyerrogelio/status/895384531531964418 … GET YOUR HEAD OUT OF THE SAND!!
What happens with a nuclear bomb detonation. 
No puppet
You're right, John. We've been telling republicans for 10 years to do something, but y'all wouldn't do ANYTHING Obama even hinted support of
No collusion...no chaos...no failure....ok
Sounds like a failure of policy, Obama, Bush, Clinton. Glad we have a President that will deal with it.
Who?
You spelled Trump wrong
Oh, okay
Is it true that the Obama administration knew about NK nuclear miniaturization before the election?
Aren't you supposed to be working on a healthcare bill? #doyourjob
Haha. Did @realDonaldTrump tell you that himself?
No puppet
Well that settles that.
