Does this mean you're embracing climate science? Galileo was all about God and the scientific method.
Is this a memo to yourself?
"Jane, (John), you ignorant slut!"
So true John.
THAT is why I'm not a conservative!
DOES THIS MEAN THAT YOU AND YOUR REPUBLICAN WHITE BROTHERS MIGHT BELIEVE IN SCIENCE AND CLIMATE CHANGE?
Too late - we now have Trump.  "Don't treat people like sh@t & then expect them to kiss your @ss" The infinite wisdom of ~my mom~
"Heliocentrism is a liberal myth! It ain't in the Bible!" #sixteenthcenturycornyn
Then how do you explain tRUMP?!
Strange quote coming from you . Have you had awakening?
Go to a VA or county hospital. Tell me what your God intends for the sick and dying 
Oh the irony of this quote. You and others have abandoned all of that to construct policies that do not serve the public.
Politicians, driven by the church, opposed scientific evidence to the point of torture and murder. Not much has changed.
But you have no problem disregarding our present day scientists when it come to climate change. Tone deaf as usual. #ClimateChangeIsReal
#ClimateChangeIsWeather
Is this a hint?  Have you become self aware?  You've awakened and seen the light?  One can only hope.
Then you will insist on a CBO score before voting on Graham-Cassidy right?
Does that mean you can support scientific facts? Same god condones good behavior towards others.
That's ironic because that's what the GOP does when it comes to climate change. Ignore facts.
Why would you deny climate change! God gave us science and medicine for a reason!  We should use it!
Explains why you'd vote on a bill without a CBO score. No sense, no reasoning and certainly no intellect.
Senator, that's the first time a republican has made sense, thanks. I had voted for you when I was a Republican in Texas.
Is this a to-do note?
Endorsing climate change? 'Bout time.
Agreed, so let scientists set the climate change course in this country..and while we're at it change the education to embrace evolution.
The fact that you tweeted this is an utter travesty of Galileo's spirit and wisdom. smh
You are the last person that should be quoting Galileo.
The irony of that quote coming from a man who supports the Texas GOP Platform is thick.
That assumes Trump was so endowed.  His intellect seems as stunted as his fingers.
I agree w/ Galileo which is why I know you for the money grubbing hack you are.  You don't care for Texans, just big Pharma and insurance.
Galileo wouldn't like you
That is sound reasoning. You should give it a shot.
Yea agree. So how are you living into this principle?
Yeah, but you don't believe that.
You're right John but the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom
Who are you and what have you done with @JohnCornyn? … because this is too sensible to be from the senator from Texas.
Was this twitter account hacked? Or are you coming around to believing in science? #climatechange
then pull you head out of DT rear end while remember You work for Us
How ironic that you think your intellect and conservative reason and sense make you worthy of quoting Galileo. 
What GOD do you believe in, for sure not honesty.
Says a climate denier.
That is what happened in the Primaries
And yet you seem to forgo their use every day
Interpret this for us please!
It's shocking that someone like you would quote something like this.
Fucking reasonable gun control!
Do you know what "reason" even means?
*Cough*...climate change...*cough*...evolution...*cough*...trickle-down...*cough*...border wall...*cough*...Russia...
I thought reason & intellect was a hoax created by the Chinese to make US manufacturing non-competitive.
It is good to see you are finally supporting the fight against climate change. #climatechange
So when exactly are you going to get the meaning of what you j
...just tweeted?
If u believe in God treat God's undocumented children like humans! Don't separate our families! Immigration Reform w/ path 2 citizenship!
Well, He certainly did with the current administration.  they are not  reasonable, have no intellegence and no sense.
John, use your common sense and get McConnell out of power in the senate!!!
Who's version of GOD John?  The one that says take from the poor and give to the rich?
Correct, so you will vote against the Cassidy-Graham "healthcare" bill, correct?
And yet you do every day.
Oh ok so 375 years from now you'll believe in the scientifically proven causes of #climatechange gee thanks @neiltyson @BillNye @billmaher
You are a moron. Winter, spring, summer and fall. ...climate change.
yet your party and President denies climate change, while promoting creationism.
#Irony
So . . . Put your thinking cap on John and fix ACA, but don't forget Christian compassion for the unfortunate, right? Oh, no, because #GOP
Galileo, forced to include god into intelligent quotes or be seen as a heretic.
And yet you always vote to repeal the ACA. Go figure.
You mean like to deny the human causes of climate change?
Really? Apropos of what?
Please use you intellect to vote no on any new attempt to repeal the ACA. People along the coast have enough to be getting on with, agree?
What???
But yet climate science is a hoax, right? 
Back to reality John!
Posting quotes by other people does not make you look smart. It makes you look like a parrot.
You do know that Galileo wasn't talking about the God you worship? trump wasn't around back then
And yet... we have congress Provo g Galileo wrong
Oh the irony! It hurts!
So, why have you?
Does that quote apply to climate change? Tax breaks for the wealthy?  Or you just pandering?
Are you trolling yourself?
Good quote.  Wish we could all embody this idea more completely.
Really. Galileo? Are you trying to rebrand yourself?
So, just for clarification, do you believe in climate change?
Haha! Hilarious from a climate denier! This is gold!
This is rich. Is there a backstory here? Bc you do not seem to be using your sense, reason, or intellect. See #climatechange #womenshealth
The irony of you tweeting anything about using sense, reason & intellect is really funny. Follow your own advice.
You're a Democrat now?
Interesting in that the GOP wants to murder everyone who uses sense, reason, and intellect.
You might want to take that quote to heart, John!
And yet your party questions evolution, doesn't believe in climate change, and panders to the willfully ignorant
Yet you do everyday. #RepealAndReplaceCornyn
Oh the irony...
And yet you and your party are in power practicing complete disregard for scientific evidence
Please start displaying sense and reason.   That would be nice.
Your sense, reason and intellect has been gone for quite awhile now.
In the modern era of disinformation, misinformation, pseudo"science" & fake news, Galileo would add those endowments must be used honestly.
Then use your brain..impeach or resign
If only you understood any of this.
He must have been hacked... or was Tweeting in his sleep... WTH
Reason is something that is absent in most of your political positions.  As is empathy.
You are an embarrassment.
But then, Galileo hadn't yet seen the Us Congress or he wouldn't have said that.
Good quote. Galileo may be long gone, but the people who voted you in intend the @SenateGOP to make the most of our situation. Let's go!!!
So why is @GOP so anti-science? You might start w/ a bit of reading on climate change, agreed to by virtually every climate scientist.
Is this your opening statement to acknowledging climate change Senator? Are you now ready to bring forth measures to save our planet?
Irony, Senator. Pure irony.
Good quote but interesting considering your record.
Key word intended. Some have been blinded & deafened, some evil & can not be reasoned with.
Then why are you denying climate change? Much like Galileo's pope- GOP leadership & Pruitt punish govt scientists who speak out.
Take Galileo's advice
Yet, we see it in the U.S. Senate every single day.
Glad to hear! Well, get started! Better late than never! #maga
That seems at odds with the behavior or the current GOP. 
Please send directly to trump. Lesson he needs
Some people actually use sense, reason and intellect. It's a shame Congress gave up all three. #climatechange
. So you're no longer a climate denier????
Yet, you follow @realDonaldTrump. Interesting quote coming from you.
I feel like you would have definitely called for Galileo to be executed
So we can count on u to side with reason and intellect and support efforts to reduce effect climate change? Cool!
Yet you and the GOP persist....
Wonderful.  But what will you DO?
you get hacked?
I can't like this hard enough
And yet you side with Trump
Is this tweet saying you believe Climate Change is man-made?
Wait... is this how you announce you are switching party affiliation?!?

.@JohnCornyn and the Republican leadership need to step up their support for immigrants - not just ignore us.

#DACA #DreamAct 
So why are you blindly following Trump? #ThinkForYourself
Please stop quoting Galileo and mugging for pictures in fancy restaurants with Ben Carson and get something done. Voters are watching...
Do you believe climate change is real?
Are you acknowledging climate change now?  Or just solar eclipses?  I am confused as we watch what you do not just what you say...
Example:
A historical reënactor made a dessert called Orange Fool on his YouTube show and ended up enraging Trump supporters: http://nyer.cm/mQ9g2TP  
Let me say that the one that holds the key is the one that should open the door... but for that the law of the land should be enforced

You quote Galileo & won't speak about climate change?
Bless your heart.
You e forgone any sense healthcare really you were front and center in sabotaging Obamacare racist hater resign
Tell that to Trump.
Glad you agree, John. What time today can we expect your resignation?
Excellent sentiment. Now apply the same principle to legislating women's health.
Funny, that same sentiment is what makes me wonder why people still vote for either of these corrupt parties. 
Wow. Feeling introspective today @JohnCornyn ? Thinking of changing your ways?
#sheep #traitor
What are you smoking? Too early for booze.
Galileo was condemned by the political establishment. Oh, the irony.
And yet, here you are.
Perhaps you could use it then & realize thungs like this are a bad idea.
*things
After he was excommunicated for being a "Flat Earth Denier"!!! Do not remind the Red Pope.
“It is God’s planet. He’s taking care of it. I don’t believe anything  we do will raise or lower the temperature one point” --Jerry Falwell

Except you would prefer to restrict the ability of women to makr their own decisions in the name of your god.
...says a famous science-denier
So are you saying that you believe in science and reasoning? Because all your behaviour is evidence to contrary. #hypocrite #lies
THEN WHY DO YOU???

- Come on, John. Don't set yourself up like that.
You must be completely unaware of how you and your intellect are perceived by the majority of Americans to tweet this quote.
It is science when the oceans are warming, and cause changes in the atmosphere.
Remember that when your base says the earth is 6000!years old because "that's what the Bible says"
You seem to have forgone their use. Where is your sense, reason and intellect? Oh yeah, up trump's butt.
Now that's great advice. You should try it sometime "do nothing Republican" or is it establishment. I get confused
...and then you endorsed Trump and ignored overwhelming evidence of Russian collusion. So obviously these words mean little to you.
Then how am I to interpret your policy goals? Intentionally and willfully harmful to the most vulnerable among us?
Good quote.  Aren't you being rather hypocritical though? Please open your eyes and ears sir.
Yet you have perfected this very thing. Retire you fraud.
That's pretty coming rich from you. If Galileo were alive today, your party would be discrediting his astronomical observations.
Please help the President!!
Agree!
So, you're admitting Trump is a conman?
So does that mean we can look forward to your statement acknowledging human-caused climate change? Or the failure of trickle-down economics?
So you're on board with climate change caused by humans, then. Baby steps.
Obviously that is the case with many of you. You allow greed & ideology to cloud any sense, reason & intellect. It's apparent to all but you
Oh the irony of this statement coming from a Republican in Congress.
Clearly this quote is a recent discovery.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_Donald_Trump_presidential_campaign_endorsements,_2016 …
As in Scientific research on climate change, eh Tex?
Oh, if only you understood that quote!

Right?!
He was found guilty of heresy by the Inquisition for claiming the Earth revolves around the Sun. I'm sure you missed the irony of your tweet
I'm confused. Are you acknowledging climate change or Trump/Russia collusion?
No one knows
Galileo thrown in prison for believing in science more than the Bible. Which brings us to your thoughts on science. Climate change hoax?
Sense, reason & intellect in very short supply in 45 admin & GOP Congress. Climate change. Common sense immig reform.   interf. For policy
Do you think Galileo would have reconsidered had he known Trump or seen the GOP leadership over the last year????
so why is it most #magaTs do forgo?
Does this mean that you're ready to start embracing scientific knowledge over political ideology?
Haha. Quoting a scientist.......
@JohnCornyn talking about sense, reason, and intellect....that’s rich. Next he’ll talk about country before party.
God has abandoned you John Cornyn. You're and evil man and you walk with the minions of Hell. 
Then why are you not utilizing the scientific community to create legislation that addresses climate change
Get behind single payer healthcare
