Also fourteen million people will lose coverage next year.
Cut taxes for whom?
Senator, do care even a little tiny bit for the people who will die because they can’t afford medical insurance?
A lot of lives lost for small percent of budget.
never mind that it is morally wrong.
Yes, and shift that burden to the states. How's that better?
Texas voter here. This plan is not acceptable. We will vote you and your buddies out of office.
 #GOP #Resist #vote_texas__blue
taxes for rich people who don't need it! We're not blind! #dowhatisright #cowardlycornyn
Joining the chorus here. Ready to vote for someone else in 2020. #texascandobetter
- you seem a little anxious, John.  Not going as planned?  Ask Dems nicer and I'm sure they'll help.
I'm happy to pay taxes for health, safety, schools, environment, infrastructure. It's called participating in a civil society.
the tax cuts go to the rich-the 800B in Medicaid cuts goes to the most needy(and to the states)-and the spending helps citizenry
Here @JohnCornyn presents stats w/o context. A $900b tax cut doesn't help the poor or middle class, neither does  $1.2T spending cut. Sad!
what can u say to my worried 80 yr old grandmother about this plan? She will suffer. Do u even care? She thinks u dont
Stop the lies Senator. You are eliminating a butt load of variables here.  You are losing whatever credibility you had. Now -0-
All those tax cuts go to the top 1% again.
my middle class part of the spectrum benefits none
not my taxes
And give a ton of tax breaks to your billionaire buddies, you money-grubbing ass
And what is the number for benefits for the rich? #hypocrite
This tweet is full of numbers and money. Where are the people? #SaveACA
Great. Your cronies will get rich & all of us will get sick and die because we can't afford your plan. @GOP=Reaper party
you forgot to mention that the majority of those tax cuts go to the rich at the expense of those in the lowere or middle classes
cutting taxes for whom exactly?
the bill will leave millions without healthcare. That is important.  That is lives. That is bodies. That is blood on your hands.
you forgot to add that 24 million will lose coverage
Senator, it doesn’t matter how much $ you save when I’m dead
it won't cut lower or middle income taxes, Senator. It will raise them. We're not all millionaires. This will be catastrophic.
Governing is not just about tax cuts.
It's ridiculously unbalanced. You have no moral compass. China owns Kushner. Trump admin corrupted beyond repair.
cut taxes for your wealthy friends and make big bucks for insurance companies
taxes to the RICH. You forgot that part. And to health ins companies. You know, the people you care about.
but don't worry. We'll spend those saving on our soon-to-be-enlarged standing army! It's gonna be huuuuge!
because your sick, poor, old, and veterans will be paying that bill for you...oh wait no, they'll just die bc they won't have $$
Go have a sit down with @SenSanders and @SenWarren . You might learn a thing or two to help Texans and not kill us.
For who exactly? You? Certainly not me. We aren't total morons Senator. We can read despite recent educational screw ups.
No. As people die for lack of care, the rich and the insurance companies that R screwing us over will become richer. SHAMEFUL!
Cut taxes on whom specifically?? #2020
are u serious how many Texans  would benefit from tax cuts? Us peasants will not see a dime only those making >$200k
so, wealth care instead of healthcare? Right, johnny?
Yes, it cuts taxes for the top 2%. I can't believe you call yourself a Christian and people believe you.
- cut taxes for the RICH! Meanwhile income inequality balloons, people DIE & country falls apart. Does that help Texans?
who gets the tax cuts? Not those in the most needy demographic. Only the rich. Good job!
Whose taxes, though? What happens to the part of ACA the props up Medicare?
so you really don't care about people having healthcare. Do you get a tax break from this bill?
gain what is your price tag for the poor and the elderly?  A new iPhone?
Most of us aren't rich enough to benefit from your 'tax cuts'
and cutting coverage for 24 million.
How are citizens and businesses going to afford premiums? What makes healthcare LESS expensive?
.@JohnCornyn Yes, we've heard about those tax cuts -- for your rich masters.
this cut have a price that means less service to the American people but future problems gov is not a business
Yep. Cut taxes for companies and the wealthy, but spending on programs that keep poor people alive.

This is pretty transparent.
I'm looking forward to voting you out of office.
Nov 3, 2020.  Ready and waiting.
for the wealthy? Oh YIIPPPEEEE! I surely want better lives for the wealthy.......WTF
Liar! I wish I could vote in your state so I could have the pleasure of voting against you!
Aside from the morality of taking people's health care, whose taxes are you cutting?  Your top donors?
I'm convinced you just like the idea of poor people dying...mean (or sick) person!
#Trumpcare #Trumprussia #resist
Tax cut for the rich, phrase it right.  People lose healthcare, your constituents lose. Your plan will ultimately cost more...
@JoeNBC @morningmika @RepKevinBrady Yes Senator, cut taxes for your rich buddies.  Remember 2018 is coming
Cruz 2018. Cornyn 2020. Already have a challenger lined to for next year.
Go follow @Castro4Congress
It cuts taxes for the rich that gives the kick backs I see why you all covered for Trump keep the green backs rolling
Let's cut military spending and block grant to states. Let the governors deal with security. After all they know best how todoit
it would cut taxes for top 1% while leaving more ppl uninsured... how does that help your constituents john? #Trumpcare
24 MILLION ppl w/out HC! Who do you think pays ER $ Taxpayers! So elite + Trump won't $, but the rest of U.S will w/lives & $
