Sir, this is a blatant lie. Stop spreading misinformation.
This is categorized as OPINION because this isn't true! Repair ObamaCare, don't pass this bill that would TAKE AWAY MY COVERAGE
You're jokes aren't funny. Oh wait....
Liar
Nope
Jesus knows your lies & we do too. 100%coverage is more than possible. The ignorant are LOOSERS #AHCAKills #healthcarebill
Majority of Americans disagree. Open your ears and heart. Stop trying to make healthcare financially out of reach for millions! Shame on you
Said the people who will benefit from a tax break at the cost of American lives.
So "leaving it to the neediest" is relative. Over 20% of our population will need significant care very soon. You're not preparing for that.

Hey @JohnCornyn, how about a town hall over the recess if you can squeeze it in between Koch Brothers fundraisers with @BenSasse? #TrumpCare
Yeah! How about a town hall!I saw you on c-span, - face as red as a tomato debating Schumer! See what we have to say!
Who gives a shit about the economy?Maybe if u increased the minimum wage, people could afford to spend money. & maybe afford bttr health ins
Since you refuse to listen to your constituents perhaps someone should be given your office that will...
17% of Americans agree with you...& to be clear that number is not very close to a majority...

Over 20 million disagree.
Republicans could choose to expand Medicaid in more states. They could provide more subsidies for people to purchase insurance.
Lol No it won't.
The only thing it will do is make the rich richer, the poor poorer, and the sick sicker.
This drives up costs for everyone.
This is utter nonsense.
So much for the little guy.
For who?My care will definitely cost thousands more per year!  So tell me ...just how does my economics improve?? Explain! Doesn't compute!
The senate healthcare bill makes the rich richer, and takes healthcare away from poor period!
Exclamation point!
Omg according to what possible metric?! Do you believe this? Do you care that you are hurting Americans? You, sir, are no patriot.
I don't know why you'd cut Medicaid when many seniors will end up needing it. Baby Boomers aren't getting any younger.
lies and a travesty to the citizens of the USA.
BS! Evil Liar!
Blatant lie & I'm so sick of hearing that massive tax cuts for the wealthy will create jobs-trickle-down worked great for Reagan, right?
Not true and u know it.  Let's talk about it.
Center 4 American Progress estimates 1,890,400 who rely on medicaid and 540,200 who rely on the individual market in Tx will lose coverage.
Also, increasing those who are voluntarily uninsured increases unecessary ER visits. 1 clinic visit is a lot cheaper than an ER visit
The notion that millions of American are just salivating over ridding themselves of healthcare insurance is ridiculous.
Nope & nope.
A better economy at the expense of Texans. Rob from the poor to give to the rich. Shame in you! No conscience!
So far you haven't made a compelling case for it.  The DC conversation is superficial and  uninspired. You need to do better please.
Secede
Obviously neither the paper or John have read the bill. When will you stop putting party over the people you were elected to serve.
I like how you retweet op-ed's and not factual reporting. Keep 'em in the dark!
You must think, along with your colleagues thinkthat Americans don't understand what you and your party are attempting #Resist #NoTrumpcare
I'm so sure.  A bill that will eliminate healthcare for millions of people in this country, just so we can give a tax cut to the wealthiest.
Do you mean the plan Senators get?
Nothing says better care like 22 million not covered & a better economy like changing 1/6 of the entire economy in a matter of weeks.
all the people all the time. that's your 7yr Best, the quote says it all.
Abraham Lincoln about deception. You can fool all the people some of the time, and some of the people all the time, but you Can Not fool all
Does better equal none in Cornyn speak? And by better economy do you mean more money for investment class?!
*cough*bullshit*cough* I'm a Texan, I know BS when I see it over and over. @JohnCornyn you were elected to help people, not to screw them.
 Lying SACK of SHITWealthCareTake from poor, sick, elderly so I can have a tax cutI keep ACA for me Liar. 
No, it won't.
No, no it won't.
The editorial doesn't say that.
And just who is included in, "us" ?
You work for us not big donors. Pass this and we will remember. No ad campaign can change the mind of someone who is medically bankrupt.
U freaking LIAR!!!
Fake News!  GOP bill will force 23 million off insurance and make America sick again.  Cornyn's tweets have become nothing but fake news.
Yeah. Nope. Still not buying it.
Better care?  Get some ovaries & then talk to me.
WRONG
It will:
-Leave +ppl will no covg
-Incr $ burden on state/local
-Take $ out of the hands of low/mid class ... thus, hurt'g Econ
only if it keeps those w/chronic disease from falling into poverty #accesstomeds #MSActivist #HealthcareBill
Stop being weak John. #Trumpcare
Yeah, the problem with the "us" in the headline is that is really only means the uberwealthy! The rest of "us" gets screwed.
Stop this lying tweeting
Why do Nobel Prize winning economists not think this? Why does the AMA not think this? Slow down, forget about the politics and do it right.
If the GOP doesn't repeal ACA completely say bye bye in 2018/2020 and hello single payer. DO WHAT WE PUT YOU IN OFFICE TO DO!!
REPEAL ACA completely,throw it in the trash can where it belongs ! If you don't then once Dems have power again ACA will be back. KILL ACA!
Higher deductible;less coverage;More uninsured; Get to work, in bipartisan way..ashamed of working w Democrats?U represent People,not Party
It will rob Texas of 62 billion dollars for the disabled, for children of low income families, for community clinics & rural hospitals.
Nope and nope
Keep saying it, maybe you will believe that statement and make it come true, not the bs pushed out now
No John, it won't. Stop lying. You have become a useless tool to the state of TX. Don't even get me started on that useless SOS @SenTedCruz
You've got the July 4 recess coming up, looking forward to you coming home to Texas and making the case to Texans face-to-face!
What do you mean by us, you rich people who get tax breaks. The rest of "US" will be worse off
How? Hold a public town hall so you can explain these broad statements. Otherwise, we have to believe that they are not based in reality.
Plain & simple...LIES!! Vote this guy out of office!
If by 'us' you don't mean us.
Hahahahahahagahahhahaha. No
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
By "us" you must have meant to say "rich people," because it's patently false for the majority of others.
Karma's a bitch John. You obstruct, sabotage for 8 years and you get a bunch of pissed off peeps who learned how to throw it back at you.
Stop posting lies...#turntexasblue
If this is true, which it probably isn't, it will still be to far fewer people. It's not hard to find an opinion piece that agrees w/you.
Define better health care please...
Drivers are required to have insurance to spread the risk. Why not users of healthcare? The gov.  infringes liberties for better good. DEAL
Better for who?
By what measure are you making this claim? Clearly you aren't talking about the CBO report. What facts do you have to backup this statement?
Who is "us".  Of course if you are saying your colleagues and rich campaign donors certainly true; poor/middle class not so much.
At the cost of pain, suffering & uncertainty for  22 mil people. You have a duty to protect our economy & our people. #Unsatisfactory #crook
No it won't.  Was this what your boss Trump told you to do yesterday, spam twitter with propaganda?
It really doesn't and you are blowing a chance at a legacy of being a real leader on this issue.
Da-dee-da-dee-dee-da-da-da ((fingers in my ears.....not listening to his crap any more)) dee-dee-da-dee-da.....
If by that you mean more money for the wealthy and less or no healthcare at more cost for the rest of us - sure,@JohnCornyn
Townhalls in Texas will get us better representation in senate. Where's that schedule? Dismal performance by you.
The "us" offered  better care are the rich and ins companies. We get to buy watered down health insurance w/ fewer protections.
100 million jobs lost for your tax cut How does that help economy ?.The 1 precent can buy a new Rolls
even though the current Bill will cause people to lose Medicaid or incur higher premiums @indivisibletxjc
that is not what most economists say!! Closing rural hospitals will close largest employer in many counties!
It will not be better care it will help the rich with tax credits
When they say, 'well people can choose not to have it." That's not a choice they want to make - Do I eat and pay rent, or pay for h.insur.?
Well that's just incredibly delusional. The numbers are so bad that Congress has to attack the G.Bush appointed CBO Director.
22 million people losing insurance, rising premiums/deductibles, rural hospitals threatened. And, how many jobs lost?
I thought the @washingtonpost was #fakenews.
I am interested to hear how "better care" is derived from less coverage. #BCRA
#wealthcare #TrumpCareKills
#FakeNews Senator
#tcot #tlot #teaparty @FriscoTeaParty @marklevinshow @seanhannity I think S@JohnCornyn has been smokin' DC Weed. REPEAL OBUMMER-CARE!!!!
If there's one thing we've learned, it's to never trust a Republican when they tell you to 'just trust me, we know what's best.'
The author of the article is president of the right-wing @AAF, sister org of @AAN, which runs pro-GOP issue advocacy ads. So there's that.
If you're a member of the 1% or a senator friendly with the Koch brothers. For the rest of us it's just a killer tax cut, John.
Give it up John, we all know what this is, trickle down healthcare
Senate healthcare bill is crap. We want bipartisan repair of ACA.
Hmm, ex-McCain staffer now at conservative think tank says it good. Sorry, not a credible source..
Single payer now, assblood
Then make congress have to use same. Cornyn, you know this pile is steaming mess.
You mean better for your wallet
It'll give your rich donors tax cuts. That's all.
How sad that your party is turning on one of your own . Speaks volumes of how sad you all are.
your lying sir premiums still go up and you give retroactive checks, huge freakin checks to the rich. your assinine.. u want Trump under bus
