How do you plan to make the insurance companies charge less?
I know they BELIEVE an open/free market across states will lower costs, like medical companies won't gouge.
Great! How many of us have time & resources to source out across 50 states? Talk about quagmire
I'm sure they have a plan for that! Or a plan to make a plan!
An HSA is not a viable alternative to health insurance for anyone but the wealthy. The middle class doesn't save
we can't. Living pay check to pay check doesn't allow for thousands of $$ to be put away in case we get sick
the vendetta between parties needs to stop, and ALL of you need to remember that the people put their trust in you
And we will vote again in 2 years. 4 years. The audacity of Trump to talk about his 8 years. HA!
right. I won't vote for him. Hell, I will run for office before that!
we need lower deductible and lower monthly payments finally someone sees that
everyone commenting has a voice.  Call your senator & house reps. U think any 1 gives an eff bout ur twitter comm??
Good luck with phone calls. If it's not busy, it rolls over to a full voice mailbox 
the @GOP is using the healthcare of millions as a political football. bad, bad move 
It's a dig at Obama pure & simple.
not so pure but their motives are clear
Replace with what? Write it & publish it. You need to represent all people!
I've always respected you. No More! You are just another republican who doesn't care about Texans just your party.
تفكيك الكيان الصهيوني واجب أحرار العالم على غرار كيان الميز العنصري في جنوب إفريقيا
"ويسألونك عن الجبال فقل ينسفها رب
choices like this?
I voted no on a GOP resolution to begin gutting #ACA last night bc this is the replacement plan the Republicans have presented to Americans: 
will the health care industry lower their prices for Trump?
As long as it's more for #yesallwomen & religion is calling the shots despite supposed separation. #repealandreplace
Pls #STOP playing politics with people's lives. Repealing #ACA without introducing anything better is #BadGovernance
I have preexisting and you were suppose to keep that in the new plan. People will suffer, could die. Rep. disgrace!
To repeal Obamacare without replacement in place shows that it is not about Obamacare but just another action.
What is the plan?
Healthcare "at a price you can afford..."  Who can afford? You?  Or a poor family? "Afford" is relative!
what about pre-existing conditions?? Don't let us be abandoned.
It's good to know Republicans are all about choices. Does the right to choice apply to women, too?
God will judge you.
Good Luck with that GOP. Please do take on the healthcare industry. It has been corrupt for decades.
- what happens until it is replaced?
you will be losing the next election, We want to keep the ACA. WE ARE WATCHING  YOU
Show us the plan before you take away my healthcare! Don't be stupid! Will vote you out for screwing me and my child!
and Sen that replacement would be what???? How many Trump voters use OCare and don't even realize it  bet its alot hm
My dad taught me if you bring a problem to the table, bring a solution. Otherwise you are just whining.
epealing ACA without a replacement ready, one that guarantees the coverage of pre existing conditions is reckless
sounds GREAT, but what is the replacement plan????
I always thought you were one of the good guys.  You are no better than the rest of the immoral,  unethical Rep party
Must include torte reform.
voting against a bill lowering prices proves ur hypocrisy
like so many have already said... Don't hose the people who elected you before you have a suitable replacement
you are a fool
not a clue Obamacare saved my life. The first person who died after you re appeal will be on your head.
a total disgrace to America....the GOP kills Americans
What are you planning on replacing it with? You've had 7 years to figure it out ... I'm waiting #SavetheACA
Why do Repubs want poor Americans to die horrible deaths?  I am educated, cancer survivor and poor.  I need coverage.
What is the infrastructure for that to happen? Without a plan in place, this is a dangerous self-sabotage
So happy the new program is in place.  Are pamphlets available that outline new insurance packages? How do I get one?
what about covering my son who is on minimum wage and can't afford health insurance except through a subsidy. plan?
still no plan from Rebuplicans. You have had months to some upbwith a plan and nothing except repeal the old.
Show us the plan. Don't take benefits away: covering pre-existing conditions and coverage for young adults.
@tedcruz All those losing insurance #ACA #Obamacare will be voting in the next election.  Can't come soon enough.
http://www.rawstory.com/2017/01/this-is-a-death-sentence-for-me-patients-react-in-horror-to-gops-late-night-obamacare-repeal/ … Good, replace it with something better. REPLACE. IT. You are hurting too many with a repeal!
@tedcruz The only good thing about gutting ACA is that it'll turn Texas blue in the next election.
No, we should fix the ACA. New programs always have issues, healthcare costs always rise, & we have invested $.
only if you're ready to replace it with something affordable and effective for all (our at least more j
Replaced with what? Grabbing #women's genetals like your party leader like to do.#SaveACA #stopthesilence #America
Can you talk to God and repeal our pre-existing conditions?
so many of the problems stem from insurance companies jacking up costs .... HELP US PLEASE
HSAs will not help most of your constituents. We need a VIABLE option for medical and pharmaceutical care. PLEASE
What about the choice for affordable prescription drugs? I have yet to see a policy of yours that reflects you care
Can you provide a link to the Republican plan to replace it?
and when my kid isn't covered and my cost increases with the plan u don't have are you picking up the cost.  1 AM not
As long as the uninsured get insurance ,President Obama will always take the credit. He had the vision and compassion
as a constituent THAT DID NOT vote for you, this will hopefully be your #LASTTERM
like a la carte menu. Diabetes meds or chemo treatments.
meanwhile, we Americans PAY FOR UR HEALTHCARE--only the best for yourself, right? Paid for 110 days of "work." GOP.
#ACA was a saving grace! Ins co would NOT touch me #MultipleSclerosis has #NOCURE meds are OVER 5k! #ThanksAlot
Disgusting in a new way-- like a thief in the middle of the night, stealing healthcare from the poorest Americans. 
Really? Surely you could have pulled your heads out of your collective asses and solved this long ago? Get real.
my employer insurance family plan is unaffordable! All insurance premiums & copays have skyrocketed!
WHAT CHOICES?!?!?!
Please post a viable plan with affordable prices.
.@SenateGOP @JohnCornyn I see that you repealed everything good about the #ACA, but where's that replacement plan? America is waiting.
absolute disgrace to the country taking healthcare away from 20M+ people w/o an alternative! #SaveACA
@JohnCornyn I'm all for repeal and replace. It's the repeal THEN replace plan that's unsettling.
@JohnCornyn I am your constituent from 76028
1:00 a.m. ET, Senate (R)voted to move repeal ACA w no plan to replace. You blocked (D)to aid. The deaths are on you.
#FullRepeal No replace!!
What's the replacement plan?
shame on you and this Texan votes
THERE IS NONE!  YOU WILL ONLY FUCK IT UP!  LEAVE IT ALONE!
Reality of what ur constituents want-ACA, will catch up w/ u. Same way Trumps alliance to Putin is catching up w/ him
prices we can afford? Never will happen! You will try by taking away from those who need it the most!! Shame!!
There are Texans who need healthcare you must listen to ALL of us, not just your Republican voters!!
We are unable to leave messages as your box is full. Please let our voices be heard. We need our healthcare!!
What are we Texans supposed to do if you all do repeal it now. I need insurance now!!!!
I'd love to see a plan before your eliminate healthcare for hundred of 1000's of people. Don't repeal. IMPROVE
REPEAL CONGRESS CARE
Why do you hate America?
Release trumps tax returns
Everyone is waiting to find out the details of this health care plan
@SpeakerRyan @realDonaldTrump @SenateMajLdr I'm sure the insurance companies will be very happy with their profits!
and where's your plan? You really don't have one do you? Seems you are deaf panel that we heard about.
These folks are obsessed.  Why not just make it more affordable?  Sick people don't care what you call the program.

But the GOP has done NOTHING ever to make healthcare for all a priority. GOP has voted against all healthcare bills
six years and NO alternative plan.  Bend over Americans!
So if that is what it should be done, WHY hasn't it been done by now? Why it hasn't even been proposed? Affordable?
as long as pre existing causes NOT deleted.
how about we stop paying for your healthcare? Our voice will be heard when it's time for reelection
yet you act on your own agenda and not that if the people. Women, children and the working poor, they will suffer
you have NO plan other than costly HSAs. Not everyone makes your salary sir. The PEOPLE pay your salary
#Replace? Y'all keep forgetting the hard part.
Right, but what you don't have is a plan or proof of is the affordability to an individual insurance buyer.
yeah, like that will happen.
WHERE IS YOUR PLAN? YOU'VE HAD SEVEN YEARS TO COME UP WITH ONE.
but does that include preexisting coverage 
adult children living with parents 
or not uping Co payment charges
how about we all get the gold-plated government plan that y'all are on...that works, right?
Prices weren't affordable before- why ACA was created. Why strike down coverage for preexisting conditions, etc?
The insurance provided via the ACA should be replaced for all Americans with the plan you have, Senator.
Trump's plan to bring back jobs will bring opportunities for all. Unfortunately Obama wasted his 8 years!
Displaying a shocking lack of empathy for your constituents. It's good you don't have to worry about insurance, huh?
Ppl will die b/c of this. Or even worse for you--we'll vote you out.
fixing the American Groundswell https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10210935425476915&set=a.1514384214844.71216.1091593526&type=3&theater …
without a huge penalty
please don't repeal. Just make it better
Why didn't Texas expand Medicaid? Hope you will be voted out over this repeal.
Where is the replacement bill? What will you do for the millions who will lose coverage?
Says the man who gets $$ from Ins lobby. This will be a boondoggle once the ACA regulations are repealed. We get hurt
We had healthcare choices be4 #aca. Buy food or medicine. No one wants to go back there. What's your plan?#MakeAmericaSickAgain
The new budget recklessly grows the national debt from around $20 trillion to around $30 trillion. It NEVER balances.
wonder if 'lifetime limits' will return.
and what would those choices be. Preexisting illnesses will not be included with those choices either
If GOP were for the 98% they would cap CEO salaries and stop taking away services only the low & middle income use.
Look at basic healthcare economics, and the pillars of #ACA make sense. Please don't do this.
STOP speaking in generalities. What is SPECIFICALLY wrong with ACA? WHAT ARE YOU REPLACING IT WITH?!
if you take way Medicaid OBC MY DAUGHTER WELL DIE SHE DEPENDS OBN IT FOR HER 2000 MTH MEDCINCE
Please start using the real term: Affordable Care Act.
#RepealObamacare will only kill more people. Healthcare will increase as long as CEOs are Billionaires. Follow the $$
you don't even a repacement plan and you are delivering death sentences to millions of  Americans you all claim to care about .
So ... how are you going to do that, exactly? Not seeing any real solutions here.
So, what's the plan then?
OK, let's see it!
hello Senator, what is the plan that you have? Please don't ask us to trust you until you tell us.
I guess the choice you're talking about is the company's choice to refuse us for pre-existing conditions.
Any fool can complain,criticize,& condemn, character offers solutions!!
All republicans offer is BUTTERMILK SKIES!!!!!
llcoble34
no replacements
don't forget at deductibles people can afford, pre-existing conditions, and incredibly high caps if caps required.
.@SenateGOP @JohnCornyn How about you decline health care until you enact something to replace it? Like the no-budget-no-pay proposals.
What are your plans to protect my life?
Dear John, what's wrong with the politicians coverage? The citizens don't hear complaints from you.
Yes return liberty to Americans
yes it should so where's the detailed plan to do so? You've had 7 years to work on it!
you are showing Very disingenuous behavior,amend healthcare! Not repeal. This is very irresponsible and ridiculous!!
Doing away with ACA is NOT pro-life.  Lack of coverage is a killer.
Have a friend w/special needs kid, and a 35 yr old, both of whom you stripped of coverage.
Figures it would never occur to fascists to "repeal & de-regulate."
or why they write insurance bills as they talk about healthcare?
Senate Republicans replacing good health care with bad rhetoric. You will pay the price politically for this outrage
Why are you repealing before you have a suitable replacement? Putting human lives in jeopardy, yet your health care is paid for. Fix that!
republican plan...
I love how just because a group of you think it's good, u do it ! U work 4 us so u should ask us first. Dump Trump
I like my ObamaCare. Does that matter ? You have not offered any other options yet. Perhaps u should have a plan 1st
Taking away healthcare w/o a good plan in place is a tragedy.  Vote shows no care for ppl w/ pre-existing conditions.
cowardly of u to start the process @ 1:30am. While Americans were sleeping, u were robbing them of their health care
Thank you @JohnCornyn
You would have my support if you offered a better replacement. You're voicemailbox is full btw.
how about the deductible?
Congressmen with their OWN health care. Rich people NO PROBLEM!
Take your time! You are not suffering you pompous b____s!
Easy to be critical. Hard to plan a practical alternative to a complex issues.
Sure, if you're a millionaire or a Senator who gets taxpayers to fund his medical care.
so are you going to force price cuts in the Healthcare industry. If so that would be great.
Taking away our healthcare as we continue to pay for yours.
Sounds like you need to make the providers lower thier costs. You know single payer offers both. #UniversalHealthCare
So buddies&Senate&Congress can get richer by taxing the middle class and giving tax breaks to the rich.Disgusting
@RoseDru63 @JohnCornyn Keep preexisting conditions and remove the fine for people who can't afford insurance.
#SinglePayer.  What's good for politicians should be good for the rest of US.
So what happens if you get pneumonia and can only afford aa cold?
Oh, and exactly how are you going to do that? Inquiring minds (who are terrified your taking away their healthcare) want to know
The American people don't want this and u will pay for this politically for a VERY long time.
What about high $ replacing ACA? Instead focus on ensuring clean air/water & ending racism.
....Mmm okay John really? Insurance co don't make $ on crap policies. A $ that you can afford?
The word repeal is GOP's favorite word The thought of winning their war against Obama's Presidency has them in trance
So where's the plan?
Let's see the plan? Don't kill Americans with pre existing conditions. What you give us, is what you should get too.
I am ashamed of you.
if you played your cards right you would not have to have a midnight attack on the ACA.!no backup plan is foolish!
Great. Show us that plan, please. You must have one by now, with all the fuss you've been making.
too bad you don't have a plan. OK for rich Americans, not the majority.
The $64,000 question is - will it be mandatory for every citizen to purchase? If it will be; Obamacare 2.0
AND there should be group options priced accordingly. Some do not need birth control nor optional surgeries. #choice
@SenSanders any word on that replacement? You've had several years to work on it.
Well Do it!! STOP Talking About it..You've been Voting for 6Yrs to Repeal #ACA NO REPLACEMENT? WHAT have u been doing
sitting on their butts calling POTUS a non American Muslim. #shameful
