@KamalaHarris is using DACA at her own peril
IF dems thought DACA was so important - WHY DIDN'T THEY PASS IT?
OBama is right it is no fault or their own It's his fault for never proposing as law. He thought HIS word was law. Dreamers he let you down
Senator Cornyn please defend DACA recipients.  We apologize for the action of our parents. We want to give back to this country! 
Please dream in your own country.We have ourscovered with our own American kidswho are drowning in 1.3 trillion ofstudent loan debt, GO HOME
Ma'am I would never want to take anyone's jobs or grants.  I only want to give back to this country by being of any help to those around me.
You are here illegally, period! We are a country of LAWS, which you are BREAKING! If I did this in yourcountry I'd be in prison!Americans1st
We cannot have illegal aliens in our military who are not loyal to this gov't. And none of them are! We see ur hate & 'undocumented&unafraid
The time for talking is over, OUR PRESIDENT NEEDS every AMERICANS HELP. REPORT EVERY ILLEGAL ALIEN TO THE ICE HOT LINE! AMERICANS ARE BROKE!
Exactly!!!
Harris, She is the Hypocrite Queen, She Protest's the Protest !
We wouldn't have this problem if partisan republicans hadn't killed immigration reform.
Did you read the article? Obama and Hillary voted FOR the "partisan Republican" poison pill Amendment. But hey! Spinners gotta spin!
Tucker Tonight: 900 of the 800,000 "dreamers" have joined the Armed Forces. 0%.
How about protect inner city youth you treasonous Democrats!
Hypocrisy.  Tromp and his EO's?  Talk about "the Constitution be damned. . . ."
So a President undoes illegal EOs and that action is declared UnConstitutional?  Only in the Looking Glass world of the Dems
Two words:  Muslim Ban.  You all lose and will keep losing.
So you want to ban all Muslims?  Shame on you!!
You are so confused.
@BarackObama taking to FB & Dems criticizing #Trump 4 "ending" #DACA, typical liberal spin. BO short changed #DREAMERS w/false promise w/EO.
Brit Hume and Carl Cannon both ignore 8 years of history since... good on ya Brit. Keep carrying that water
How many of those years entailed Democrat majorities in the houses of Congress? But by all means, keep carrying that water!
DACA is the only issue Democrats are dishonest about...

Good read, the left will never accept the problems they create. We, the people must fix the their incompetent decisions.
PROTECT AMERICANS AND CHRISTIANS

I haven't herd the truth out of the democrats in decades !
Well done !
Do Dems shoot straight on anything? Where's the party of Scoop Jackson?
#Dem/Fascist are afraid of losing all those illegal votes.
Brit, don't understand how Dems feel DACA kids aren't resp for their parents decisions. But some r responsible for ancestors owning slaves?
Counting on you to take care of DACA kids, Senator Cornyn. Don't let us down!
COUNTING ON ALL AMERICANS TO HELP OUR OWN KIDS DROWNiNG IN 1.3 Trillion OF STUDENTLOAN DEBT! NO MORE DACA, AMERICANS FIRST! DEPORT ILLEGALS
We can help with student loan debt and DACA kids at same time, Debra.
DACA IS.......CACA
The Democratic Party had everything in 2008. Why didn't they do it then? Because they want the issue not the solution.
They are all hypocrites. They don't want the solution they want the issue. Using people who they claim to stand with for cheap political win
This is so disappointing. Smh.
Liars
Interesting
Glad General Kelly responded. He is a great hero
Yeah for some reason obama thinks we care what he thinks. NOT!

Congress needs to make it a law or say nay, it's not a law now so trump didn't stop anything
That piece should be in The Times (LA & NY). When you remind Dems of this history, they all you a liar and put their fingers in their ears.
You're a favorite of our family & when you are on Fox we listen carefully to your wise commentary!
Media revels in the "vitriol and name calling" and buries any perspective that is not part of current media narrative.
Our OC Register front page commentary story on Dems Dishonesty on DACA was great to read. Thanks for posting on Twitter!
Dems and the left in general are intolerant hypocrites! Amazing how they pick and choose what they want to be "right" for their own purpose.
Fantastic, insightful, a 'must read'
Whose fault is it that they are still in limbo? For that answer, Obama needn’t take to social media. He can simply look in the mirror. Next?
Great lawyer who protects illegal actions instead of upholding the law. Would fit right in lawless Obama administration.
You Trump haters fail to admit that even your hero Obama said DACA was unconstitutional unless Congress acted. So Brit is right,hypocrites!
Outstanding article!
Dems will take the opposite side in any Trump argument, no matter what it is.
Typical of the mainstream media not to expose the truth.
So you two would like a clean honest bill granting them the rights they were promised?
Totally Accurate summary of the history of DACA & Democrat hypocrisy,
OBAMA MUSLIM COMMUNIST CAN STFU, HE IS NOT PRESIDENT. SHIP THE DACA CLANS BACK TO THIER COUNTRY, AMERICA IS TIRED OF SUPPORTING THIER BUTTS
Plenty of dishonesty and situational ethics on both sides don't you think?
Cornyns shouldn't retweeting articles announcing dishonesty when they pretend Obama just wanted an executive order
DACA was only issued after years of Obama trying to get it through Congress. You wanna discuss how you voted on those, John? Tell the truth
Obama was also a cosponsor of the bill he supposedly killed, and worked with other immigration bills in the Senate. This article is BS.
Sluts unleashed!!!!!
Worth reading
Trump's decision is an effort to help those classified as DACA!
This is now, better late than too late, sign DREAMers Act Senator Cornyn, B example to GOP, stop the incessant 44 bashing to deflect fr you
Brit Hume proves beyond a doubt.Dem dishonesty as well as"THE DEVIL REALLY IS IN THE DETAILS" Thank you Mr.Hume.And,always the gentelman.
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/uphold-our-immigration-laws-and-deport-800000-daca-recipients-and-repeal-immigration-act-1965 …
And to think @BarackObama was a constitutional professor or was a lie too?
Why is it that people still believe there is a chance for Democratic honesty on anything as long as Trump reigns.
"Fault" assignment is phony. They don't say WHY the FAULT is America's, NOT the kids' illegal PARENTS. PARENTS U need to fix KIDS' problem!
AMERICAN GRADUATES HAVE 1.3 TRILLION IN STUDENT LOAN DEBT. That's an average of 37,000 per student! We MUST HELP AMERICAS GRADS FIRST!!
I love you #BritHume, you always have facts to back up your remarks! Keep it up. I wish we could see more of you on #FoxNews . God bless you
Great article 
Great article.  Thank you Mr. Hume.
Brit, There is almost no evidence of your StA tenure, where becoming a Gentleman should preclude comments like this. Lay off Obana, a gd man
More garbage our senator didn't read
@BarackObama for political purposes killed Dreamers chances & the ditched them for 8 years with a flimsy illegal DACA executive order
Whatever happened to Constitutional process? Gone with the wind.
Get rid of this arrogant bitch.
Shut up about President Obama..not HIS fault you can't get one damn thing accomplished
You imply u want things done??
I really wish @realDonaldTrump would hold an official State of the Union 
Address. Let Dems have it both barrels. Truth Bomb the whole lot.
I remember well when Obama sandbagged Senator McCain, who never trusted Obama again.
Brit correct me if I'm wrong but wasn't DACA an executive order that can be rescinded immediately by Trump with a stroke of the pen?
Besides money unwanted births root cause of all evils satiating lusts to bring children then extinguishing their futures forever.
Would you expect anything else from political prostitutes......
No send them to there own country they sucked was dry long enough they burn our flag

Again, GO HOME! The American tax payer IS BROKE!!!
We are a Country of Laws. Without Laws there is No Order!

Illegal n unconstitutional
Harris is not who women want to represent them.  She's a typical liberal just spewing hate & lies.
Take the damn citizenship test. Good Lord, THIS IS NOT ROCKET SCIENCE. AUSTRALIA DOES NOT PUT UP WITH THIS CRAP.
But first-GET IN LINE
Right on Brit
Dems are crooks and liars!  Blatantly calling constituents stupid, right to their faces! Most libs are stupid, but that's besides the point
Obama made DACA to get more votes and didnt care about anything after that.  Pulled the shades over their eyes and flipped them off. #Crook
PLEASE actually READ the information the DREAM ACT OF 2017.

WRITE YOUR SENATOR to DO THE JOB WE PAY THEM TO DO.

https://www.nilc.org/issues/immigration-reform-and-executive-actions/dreamact/dream-act-2017-summary-and-faq/ … ;
Seems to me that if senators and obama are upset that POTUS put a stop to daca with a 6 mo. Moratorium that they don't think they can fix it
Geeze, Senator...you know all of this information is public record, right? This article wouldn't pass for freshman civics paper. 1/...
The Comprehensive Immigration Reform Act ended with cloture because it was a sloppy, unfocused piece of mixed legislation. 2/...
The article completely breezed over the 2010 vote during @BarackObama first term when a majority in both houses voted for it to pass 3/...
But it couldn't pass the 60 vote threshold in the Senate filibuster. 

These real people were sitting in a real limbo while congress 4/...
Sat on their hands and accomplished nothing because of red/blue team political pandering. 5/...
When @BarackObama made the EO≠ heavy handed, it was because congress wouldn't risk doing anything productive in case they lost votes.
Dems want to increase their voter base; GOP wants to make Chamber of Commerce happy; who represents ppl out here who lose jobs to illegals?
Trump
Hey, Brit. Reminds me of poison pill @tedcruz tried to insert in Gang of 8 immigration bill; everyone knew eliminating citizenshp wd kill it
Yep, Dems are hypocrites of 1st degree but w/ cover of media, Hollywood, academia & feckless GOP leaders in Congress, they get away w/ it.
History.  The issue is here now. Fix it and grant these law abiding AMERICAN children at worst a green card but preferably full citizenship!
70% of these DACA ILLEGAL ALIENS HAVE POLICE RECORDS! American students are drowning in 1.3 TRILLION STUDENT LOAN DEBT. Deport all of them!
A pure propaganda piece, with so many holes and unsupported statements in its story that it's impossible to make sense of it.
you didn't forget, Wp0tusE (LSD)liberal socialist de moc RAT 0bama's vindictive did you?
Thanks for sharing !
Democratic could careless about dreamers.  Democratic are so racist and hateful.  This is all about money to them.
Perhaps people who came here as juveniles and have lived half or more their life here with no criminal record could get permanent residency
It is my understanding Trump agrees with you, and wants Congress to legislate accordingly. What a novel idea!
Oh, for Pete's sake, @JohnCornyn...
Brit you know they are all full of it
"truthful " , the key! Absent today. ALL should be removed. Tax reform, a current topic; what happened to "Fair" & "Flat"? Liars!

Brit you have been around a long time and should be used to their dishonesty by now
DACA is not common law and equal justice. It's hype. Are Dems aiding and abetting Munchausen by proxy?
So why doesn't the gutless GOP enact comprehensive immigration reform? #nomoreexcuses
Have they even tried? No. It is called being a politician- working with the other party- getting something done. #nomoreexcuses
Since GOP controls the House, Senate and White House  why do you blame the Dems? Clearly the GOP is incapable of governing.
Obama & Clinton #snakes in the dark Shadow.
@SenSchumer @HillaryClinton @NancyPelosi @SenBennetCO The ugly truth about #DACA finally rears its ugly head.
Orange County Register now there's a web of dark money
They know nothing else but dishonesty...
A must-read for both parties. The truth about immigration status
ocregister? I have pattern of  using obscure outlets to make your point. Not much of a leap to imagine u enabling the spread of  fake news
This needs to get out everywhere, MSM will never tell the truth, all social media platforms, any News paper that will print!
You should stick to liking porn sites. I'd trade every @GOP member for a Dreamer any day of the week. Party wouldn't exist w/o voter suppres
Sure, b/c it was the Democrats that opposed the Dream Act? Quit lying and do something good. #ProtectDACA
If Only the MSM Oulets would check their archives and possess the #Honesty to air them as they did in the #BillyBush case/tape.
#stfu this is our neighborhood in houston today & w/ 80k #daca kids in this city people have to worry about their families too? #poortaste
Fake News.
Uninformed, emotional response by you.
This is a REALLY for OpEd!!!
Hillary on the subject...It all depends on which way the POLITICAL wind blows.
Everyday I thank GOD for President Donald J. Trump & Family!
Wow! EVERYBODY should read this article from. Beginning to end! Explains exactly the history and position of democrats on this issue.
Who's SPEAKING the truthfulness besides myself?
DoingAnotherConstitutionalAtrocity...by BHO
MEXICAN RACIEST group in San Diego's Chicano Park attacks white citizens eating lunch
Kamala is riding on the coat tails of Waters look where screwing Willie Brown a married man has gotten her Disgusting unethical politician
DACA: Form of slavery to gov pgm renewed every 2 years/$500. Fake DEMS compassion, use problems & never solve them to exploit ppl. POTUS is
Hm. Pretty Ingenious. Getting alleged "slaves" to pay for the privilege non?
problem created by OBama monster ego with illegal executive action in lieu of working with congress on a legal plan. Pamela Harris pol hack.
Both sides act like they're clean as driven snow. What they don't get is that we get it. Greed is their compass not their constituents
Good reporting with facts!
"then"
.@BarackObama on #IllegalImmigration: Secure The Border, Punish Businesses Who Employ Illegals http://youtu.be/S88i1eWNhPM   #DacaDreamers #DACA
MAGA WITH TRUMP!
Some, if not many, of these dreamers came ALONE as minors, not escorted by a parent. Both sides r immorally devising lies to keep them here.
also point out the average age of these dreamers is 26-35. Why have they not taken steps to become legal?
Dems never been honest. They lost that part too, aside from being  lazy.
Dream in Mexico
Listen up @POTUS NO AMNESTY!  Work for it like we all do!
His mommy didn't.
Dishonesty is all they know.  If they told the truth, no one would vote for them.  #IfYouLikeYourDoctorYouCanKeepYourDoctor. #NOT
Wow....should be required reading in all sanctuary cities.

May an illegal visit all Trump followers

Expose her illegal campaign contributions to Maxine Waters. Her political career must be shut down, she's dangerous!
So Dems think Mexico is where dreams go to die and sending people back to the land of their birth is a fate worse than death. Sounds racist.
This is a fucking lie. Shame on you for spreading lies. Typical Trump cult follower.
Must be a liberal. Had to find a gratuitous use of word "fuck". Libs are experts in uncivil discourse
Yeah, totally ignore the fact that she's spreading lies, but attack my language choice instead. Typical right winger...can't debate w/ facts
It was a ploy to those that don't read and evaluate the usefulness of DACA. Obama souped it for votes. Void & null meaning. Illegal to boot.
Good read.
Thanks, this is a must read.
Machiavelli himself is laughing 
Very good article. Brit how do you find the good ones. Always love your Tweets
Obama is a has-been ...period!
And FAILED!

Wow -- the view from inside the bubble.
I just wish ppl wud read DACA & really know what it is about b4 going ballistic on Rpubs.
Amen to that! I've said that repeatedly. But sensationalism wins. The ignorant just follow off the bridge ranting and rioting.
Democrats will back anything that will create dissension and division in America!
thank you for the rest of the story
The Democratic party should be renamed the Hypocratic party
If it comes out of kamala mouth, distrust it
kamala, she's a female Obama. 
With nards
His and hers. 
They spew whatever they think ppl want to hear. Attention: Illegal Aliens can't vote - oh wait that's how Obama got re-elected
I guess this just proves that Obama is the idiot we thought.  And the dreamers should applaud Trump for getting them Congresses attention.
Great read!
I'd like to dedicate the song, Amnesia-Pousette Dart Band to Obama, HRC, Boxer, Reid, Schumer & Bernie Sanders. https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dm6AFag8SdY … 2007
Democrats dishonest? Oh sorry I just realized, nothing new there!!
What's the status of #CalExit America could clean up a lot without that state and its horrific politicians
I wish the GOP could do a better job of informing the public of shameless Dishonesty of the Dems.
Democrats don't see the unconstitutional act of Obama enacting DACA. They see 850 thousand potential Democratic votes for them in 2018-2020
Same when Obama made up the illegal executive order that Congress let go by them.
Dems & GOP should have screamed bloody murder. The AG gun runner Eric Holder should have told Obama the EO was unconstitutional & unlawful
showboater
What a waste of a read. Pure reach as argument tondeflect from being on wrong side of history and your own bible.
...... but that would take a person of character and integrity....and that is not how one would describe Barrack Obama
Truth!
sorry don't my children dream Obama and yours, my children need the American dream also Americans first then everyone else just saying
It's all about the vote Brit. Some DACAs are in prison. These are not kids. How about inner city kids & Appalachia kids they are dreamers
Obama should be apologizing for lying to and putting the DACAs in such an embarrassing and trying situation
This chick is a Nut Job!
Good read
thank you
All right lady how long should we extend the unconstitutional DAC program?
Just the facts, and they are revealing.
It appears that we may be able to put a label to Democrat - Dishonest Bigots. Progressives have name called for 8 years - justified!
Amazing how a President is cruel & viscous for passing to Congress their work & giving Congressional members ability to legally fix issue
Dreamers’ parents brought them here illegally, so the blame falls on them. Enforce the law. Deport them all. #noamnesty #noDACA
Great article
Permanently end this program. If Congress has no fix in 6 months, deport. Hold their failure over their head. No DACA, no Amnesty.
The only way to protect the dreamers is for Congress to act as they should have in the first place
Congress needs to act on this issue.  DoJ said they could not win the lawsuits being filed against the government for  DACA executive order
Brit - you really need your own show.  Fox needs help and fast
I'll 2nd that one.
