Like you Do? Ha
Neither does @realDonaldTrump
Or @JohnCornyn
WTF are you doing, John? Stop posting random articles that have no relevance right now.  Get your ass to DC and handle racist WH. Now!
Yes, yes,A thousand times yes. Does he even read these articles? Does he not have a comms director that can help him tweet? He is ridiculous
Criticizes Google for firing someone who perpetuated gender stereotypes; posts article that says: fear Google for lack of diversity.
Read @ChronFalkenberg moving column about Mark White.
Sounds familiar GOP
You call out Google but won't say yourself or call out the POTUS for not saying white supremacy terrorism.
they rip out vids they don't like. Period.
@Google forgot it's corporate creed: "Do no evil."
Obviously, you do not either. When is your next town hall?
That is purely subjective.
Neither does the GOP. As long as they shape and vote for policy that piles more of the national income on fewer households...
And apparently, neither does our senator.
Neither do you. Well, if I was a rich, white, man ...perhaps you'd care. Or a rich woman who paid you off like @BetsyDeVosED
Read the Houston Chronicle instead. Houston is a large city in the state of Texas. You've heard of Texas.
Neither do you!  Quit enabling Trump
Will you be joining your comrades, the white supremacists, protesting @Google in ATX this recess? #TownHall ? We need to talk about racism
Neither do you. Sad. 77015
Dead silence while Nazis & Klansmen marched in the streets & ploughed a car into a crowd of protestors, & this is what you come back with?
Fucking hypocrit! Really? O had his executive order protecting our internet privacy overridden by Trump which u supported. Now u post this?
from the man who tried to strip our healthcare away from us @indtx36 @indivisibletxjc @TXDemWomen @TxBlackDemocrat
We know you don't believe in science or women. That's why you won't be re-elected in 2020.
Only 1177 more days
Did you even read this? It's not news that tech and libertarians are cozy with gamer gate broculture or that businesses sell our data
Or did you just retweet based on the click-bait headline because your alt-right buddies have it in for Google now?
I was wondering the same. The article's premise seems a natural enemy to his base and voting record. I'm stumped.
Exactly. His voting record & statements fit the article's description of Google's attitudes & strategies that aren't "whats best for you".
Fact | @JohnCornyn Doesn't Want What's Best for Us
Beautiful Sunday, dead in cville and we find you here rambling on google. Hoping nazis get hired there next?
@JohnCornyn Do you believe women are biologically inferior? Should my workplace allow the use of company channels to spread such ideas?
Opinion: The strength which #left-wing tech holds over the #American narrative is frightening and undemocratic.
But that's a New York Times article so it's fake news. Or is that only when it convenient?
I am more concerned @JohnCornyn whether you care about what is best for America.
Aw did the big liberal corporation do whatever the fuck it wanted like your bigotry means nothing to them?
And you do? 
I trust Google more than the Republican Party. Why? #Charolettesville and the very cowardly response from the GOP at large.
Trump doesn't want what's best for us. Putin doesn't want what's best for us. Exxon doesn't want what's best for us. And neither do you.
you would know, neither do you.....@txlege @TXDemWomen @TURNTXBLUE2018 @All100Senators
Neither does @POTUS
Neither does @JohnCornyn, @GregAbbott_TX, @SenTedCruz or any of the GOP crooks in Austin. They're all sleeping with the Koch brothers.
Socialist fascist progressive MSM war - grab a beer and enjoy.
Neither do the #kochbrothers #darkmoney
Literally there are Nazi/Alt Right/White Supremacists in WH- Gorka, Bannon, Miller, etc.. When will they be fired bc that's best for USA?
You're party has incubated & fed this monster for years. Kudos to killing the R Party. You're now offshoot of KKK.
Former KKK leader David Duke credits President Trump for inspiring rally in Charlottesville 
Deflect much? I'd fire someone for writing a 10 page manifesto. Murderes write manifestos. Not people looking for dialogue.
So Google is the best you come up with.  When's your Town Hall Meeting, you know the one without the hoods...
Neither does John Cornyn.  What a coincidence.
I thought you and the rest of the GOP thought corporations can do no wrong?!?!
Who does? Donald Trump?
Of course not, it's a private company. But more importantly, neither do you! And you are the one who is supposed to.
Why aren't you and your fellow senators seeking regulations? Oh that's right, you are afraid of their lobbying power or not getting your $
But Texas Big Oil does. 
Duh.
From the guy who supports Jeff Sessions. Go figure
Opinion: Because of your position to repeal internet privacy, your search history from Google will be available soon. I can't fucking wait.
At this point Google is changing how they do things. Are you?
Opinion: Cornyn doesn't want what's best for us. 2020.
John, this is true of ALL big multi-nationals. Think about that when you take their money & talk to their lobbyists over tax "reform".
You are talking about google after what happened yesterday.  Did you already forget or choose to forget?
I refuse to use Google.
From the senator who voted to allow ISPs to track and sell our internet browsing history. Yes, he really did. #outin2020
To wanting a Verizon lawyer do whatever he wants to the FCC. Fox guarding the hen house.
Some of us don't want Nazi coddlers in the White House or Senate, John.
You and Google have much in common, then.
Opinion|Cornyn doesn't want what's best for us
I typed this same response word for word before scrolling down to see yours. Sorry, wasn't trying to steal it. Promise!
Ditto!
Cornyn sets himself up time and time again. It's really no wonder so many of us take advantage of it, lol.
True! He doesn't even lob softball tweets but frickin Wiffle balls-tee'd up most of the time. Scary he's McConnell's #2 & reps us in TX.
Lol. And he's not even good at being the Whip! Only thing I can think of is that he has unquestioned loyalty. He's basically this guy.

funny republicans don't either
You are so frigging out of touch senator. Why don't you attend to the needs of the moment
This is what you're talking about?
I mean it's not like they own our DNA and kids mind's or anything.....
