
CBO previously said similar legislation would lead to 15 million people without health insurance & premiums 20 percent higher - in YEAR 1
Under #SkinnyRepeal premiums would rise over $1,200, causing young ppl to flee insurance & be unaffordable for older — crashing the market.
#SaveACA
The reason this is hard, John, is because you Republicans don't give a damn about HC.  You just want the money from the tax cuts.
That's double speak - I can interpret.
No review by public. No committee. No CBO score. Made & voted on in the dark of night. A bad law. #NoSkinnyRepeal #BadExample #BeALeader
What is it again that you do for us? I'm seriously confused. 7 years. 7 years.
One more time listen to your constituents and make what we have better fix the ACA. I simply cant wait for 2018 when Texas can vote you out!
Then don't vote for it
Conference should come before you vote on a bill, no?
Shouldn't you not wait until literally the last minute to write sweeping legislation that affects literally everyone? Take, like, 7 years.
My 10 year old spends more time studying vocabulary words than @gop spends thinking through health care & its effects on people & economy.
It's like they're under some demonic force that is driving them to be as awful as is possible. Except that absolves them of blame, so no.
Yep & the demonic force is $$$. The problem is they've all shown an alarming lack of ability to feel shame. Cornyn & the GOP has Got To Go.
have.  They HAVE go to go. 
Game, set, and match to bsbl! Beto 2018, ANYONE else 2020

Did president sign Russia sanction bill yet?
Would you send one returning insurance to free market? Without mandates? Simple "Yes" or "No."
You have no moral compass, you are adrift, a puppet of McConnell, hated at home, unable to face your family, a loser, a failure at life, sad
So only 16 million Americans losing health care doesn't bother you, Christian John? Did you feel better taking away coverage for 32 million?
Skinny bill is a bad bill.
They absolutely would have sent it to the President when they exhausted all attempts to agree on something.
All these machinations are to allow you to pass the unacceptable House bill.
How about sending a bill that provides healthcare for all?
Maybe ol' @SenateMajLdr should sit you all down to watch How a Bill Becomes a Law since y'all conveniently are forgetting how it's done
I think "Schoolhouse Rock" has a musical version-might keep your interest.
What complete and total BS. U sh stop hanging out w potus-ur forgetting what truth is. https://www.jec.senate.gov/public/_cache/files/ce0d50ef-a11f-429d-844a-fd753ab7ac60/skinny-repeal.pdf …
But POTUS goes to parties on yachts with all the hottest people....
I think you said the quiet part out loud.
It can all be said out loud now...the pussy-grabbing President got elected, so clearly words don't matter at all and shame is so passé.
It sucks! You know it! Mark Meadows knows it! The American people know it! Cut the bullshi* Johnny!
That's assinine. Start over if the bill you've (not) written is terrible. #duh #FforFailure
I'm a constituent of yours and I'm thankful for @SenJohnMcCain @lisamurkowski and @SenatorCollins
You mean a Bate & Switch SenCornyn? Deception is ok if you get ehat Koch brothers want,as long as u cont getg $
You realize you are destroying our democracy, right? How can it be a gov by the people if we don't even get to read the bill or give input?
"the vehicle for conference"
If this farce were a show, it would be panned for being unbelievable. Ya'll need to check yourself before you wreck 1/6 of the economy
Your insurance is covered. No matter what! I could die because of you!
So is the @SenateGOP now solidifying itself as the preeminent maker of feces sandwiches?
I would have more respect for you if you stood up and admitted that in 7 yrs you couldn't come up with a better plan.
Show some loyalty to your constituents, Senator and protect 2 million Texans from losing their healthcare!
Wow, so you'll go with the mystery bill behind door #3? Why so quick to pass the buck?
You are one of the most crooked, lying, dishonorable men in Congress, John Boy. Big oil money is what U care abt, not Texans. U R NOT decent
Trickery to Trump millions. Martial Law has been called
If you don't want it to be the law, you shouldn't pass it. End of discussion.
With "martial law" invoked by @HouseGOP , it would go to Pres who WOULD sign. Don't pretend otherwise.
Really? Not going to even pretend to defend your party's actions? Just staying on #Earth2

McConnell may promise a conference, but there is NOTHING STOPPING the House from simply passing the Senate bill & sending it to Trump. 2/
Do your job! Don't destroy our democracy over a bill NO ONE likes and takes millions off of health insurance

At GOP lunch, convo focused on whether they can be assured House won't pass skinny, will conference. Senate doesn't want it to become law.
Why are y'all voting on something you don't want to be law? Because you are spineless political hacks, that's why.

@DwayneStovall is running against you, @JohnCornyn, but we all have to wait until #2020 #ClotureCornyn
Yup! That's not what @HouseGOP leadership had said, but you go right ahead and pass this terrible bill. It'll be all yours to own.
Oh yeah, I’m sure we can take their word on that one.
This is a sham, it won't go to conference the house will pass as is... you know it! You should vote no!!!!!
So why the hell would you pass it?  pass the buck to someone else; that's what the people of TX want leaders who don't want to lead.
This proves that Trump is just a symptom of the GOPs total moral rot.
I don't like this idea. I want you to improve the ACA
BULLSHIT!
You had 7 freaking years to get your act together and craft a bill. America is done trusting you to work it out.
Are you kidding us? This is what you think leadership looks like? Bargaining with human lives so you can get a win? Disgusting.

So why waste time voting on it? A better vehicle would be bi-partisan effort to #FixtheACA. Hey, you could even re-name it.
Chips works Medicaid works Medicare works Tricare works what s yr problem
 Ins company's made billions off of Medicare last yr. Look it up.
Why can't we all agree that any bill where more people will have no insurance or insufficient insurance is not good for the American people?
Nobody knows what's in the bill. This is all making the GOP seem foolish and ineffective. Work across the aisle to get things done.
Blatant tax evasion applauded by GOP! Nothing being done to repatriate or curb the practice
If you don't vote to repeal Obamacare I will not vote for you.
Why not show the American people the plan?
100 million in lobbyists money did YOU get to take the ACA away. Plus donor $$. Corruption is this expression on your face.
SCAM and you are lying to the American people. This will help nobody except the very rich #biglie
Mr Cronyn, It's as plain as the expression on your face that you don't give a damn about the American people. How much of the
You SABOTAGED the ACA so you could repeal it to give 1.35 TRILLION dollars in tax cuts to wealthiest ppl & corps
Marco Rubio pushed legislation to kill this program.  Look it up.  This is the truth
History will not be kind to you, if you take health insurance away from millions.
Companies sending 4 trillion dollars overseas is what has hurt job growth. No reinvest in jobs or expansion. Tell the truth liar
Admit it, the GOP has no idea what they're doing & it's your EGO & Hate that keeps you from crossing the isle to help the people #GOPIsDead
Every word that comes out of your mouth is a lie. You are an embarrassment to yourself and family. You want to kill people
You are such evil people. Proof if America didn't know that you broke the ACAso you could repeal taxes 4 wealthy
Go ahead, Defend #Trumpcare #BCRA #AHCA. Any name it's under it's still a #BadBill
The GOP health plans’ impact on the uninsured, in one chart: http://bit.ly/2eRkyMi  
You can't promise what the House will do. Stop being clever and vote on the bill as if you're voting in the bill.
Let's call it the freedom to die cuz we have no health care bill. Trump will sign it immediately. U and Meadows are nuts & trying killing us
@JohnCornyn so you voted FOR repeal and no replacement. Your constituents vote NO. You work for 45 and your narcissistic ego. Career over.
You sonsabitches are EPIC FAILURES!!  Liars and frauds abound in Congress!!  Repeal damn Obummercare!
It's just a ploy to continue the agenda. I'm a constituent of yours. Vote NO to this bill. Work to fix the problem of the ACA instead
Just giving any old shit a whirl, huh? Thanks, from 20+ million lives and families that are severely affected by your hateful incompetence.
You have a vehicle for a conference. It's called the ACA.
I like the skinny repeal, but with single payer for all instead
You won't reply except for form letters, you won't hold #townhalls because you're scared (I guess?) so how about replying on twitter??
I don't trust any of your lies John. You are sir eyeballs deep in your own shit!!
looks like your party is willing to destroy working ACA merely needs you to stop killing it a little help! It should be the starting point
Hey John don't you wish you had Russian bots like the president ....nobody real want this horse manure just stop!!!!
Would you send a bill that means 22 Million Americans will be without healthcare?  Yes, because that's the GOP way.

Senators, Repeal and Replace the ACA today. The President has given you momentum. Don’t squander it. Income tax… https://ifiwerepresidentiwould.wordpress.com/2017/07/27/senators-repeal-and-replace-the-aca-today-the-president-has-given-you-momentum-dont-squander-it-income-tax-replacement-and-a-balanced-budget-is-next-dont-lose-your-momentum/ …
7 years of We have a better bill. Y'all lied for 7 years but now you want us to believe you have better? Funny
So you have to pass it to see what's in it? 
Hypocrite
Beyond stupid. If you can't figure it out, go single payer
What part of NO REPEAL are you having trouble with?
take it off the table and truly ask for bipartisan help in improving the ACA -- it is GOP hubris and Obama's name that is driving your bill

For shame on health career
Like people won't notice a 20% premium increase, or no coverage. You suck. Give up evil a-holes.
Give up. You can kiss your angry white base goodbye when you screw them over. The (deserved) anger will be directed at you.
It's like I'm back in high school  watching a group presentation and it's obvious they're winging it.
Why do Republicans hate America? What is wrong with you all?
You just aren't very good at this.
You are on the wrong side of history with this.
How embarrassing this chapter of American history will be to explain to our posterity. #Healthcare's a universal right & societal obligation
The vehicle to steal health care from millions. GOP has sold its soul to mammon.  Matt. 25:36-41 How u treat the least is how u treat God.
When this all goes south, millions w/o ins & HC, elderly w/o care, children dying, 1000s of med bankruptcies, how will u blame it on Obama?

Legislating by stealth. This process is dishonest and undemocratic in the extreme.
And continue to screw with your constituents

#skinnylove
They're gonna ram skinny repeal thru the House.
Please vote NO to skinny appeal!!
John, listen to your voicemail msgs and then clear them so we can leave our thoughts in more than 140 characters.
Genius, let's vote for something we have no idea what it is....
Like we should believe you and your consistent lying.
Desperate contortions to push republicans with conscience to pass the unthinkable #failingGOP
No
Sheriff Joe Arpaio has documented proof Obama birth cert is fraud. Validate and all signed laws by Obama r nullified Include ObamaCare
That is irresponsible and you are playing with American's lives, literally!
It's out of the Senate's hands once it passes the bill. If the House passes & President signs, it's law. This is reckless.

People lives above political party
Back to your cave crypt keeper.  We aren't buying your BS.
It will devastate Americans lives
"Skinny repeal” would unravel the individual market, exacerbate affordability issues critics are trying to address. http://spr.ly/60108s7vQ  
Do your job! Passing a bill you 'hope' doesn't become a law is not what Senators do, tired of being a Senator? Resign.
You're a bad person.
Y can't @GOP just repeal the #Mandate for now and work on rest of health insurance bill later this year?
In this time when trust in govt is so degraded, what u r doing is speeding up the decay. Be a patriot to ur country, not a hack 4 ur party.
You are complicit with an unqualified and corrupt Administration. You have written your legacy, Sir. Congratulations
You had YEARS to confer. YEARS! What this shows is Incompetence.
...Framed in a smeary comedy where some people are overpaid for their cheers.
That's a truly ridiculous way to legislate. "Sign this check, and I'll fill in the numbers for you later."
So it's dishonest and nontransparent. Got it.
Have u considered that u r enabling Authoritarians by undermining trust in the Senate? Gorsuch theft bad enuf. Country b4 party! #MAGA 4real
"Is what we are passing what we say it is? The answer is no. It becomes a vehicle for getting around the law and concept of democracy."
Why don't show the bill before asking for ammendments?
So you'll end up with an AHCA clone which can't pass the Senate. Stop the legislative wankfest, work with Dems and fix the ACA. Grow up.
Or, I don't know, maybe actually send the bill to committee for debate?  You know, how bills should be made

IMPORTANT: AHIP cites the mid-August deadline for insurer decisions. Passing skinny will cause huge disruption, regardless of any conference https://twitter.com/TopherSpiro/status/890602330940375040 …
You guys are playing games with our lives, while you have a good healthcare package.
Unless house accepts as is
Why sign a bill you supposedly don't want the President to sign?  Isn't that what got you in this trouble anyway? How many "bills" to Obama.
You think GOP voters are stupid.  I don't agree but if they allow this, I might have to agree
Yes, you would.
Where is the healthcare bill? The actual bill? Where can we see an actual copy of the bill?
#TrumpcareSucks
Nobody believes you except those that share your bubble. You are to blame when millions lose health insurance. It's on you. We won't forget.
Your VM box has been full a lot this week (I know b/c I call you every day in a futile mission to convince you to keep Americans insured)
rumor floated that House will immediately pass House bill so @johncornyn you and your colleagues are voting blind on this
