The difference John is that Sessions lied under oath.
is it that you lie so much that you can't see the problem with it?
it's not the he talked to the Russian, it's that he lied. The question is why he lied, and why didn't he move to rectify the lie
the question is quickly becoming what is John Cornyn afraid of us seeing...
are you in bed with Russia John? Is that why you're so afraid of a true investigation?
The context is the key bud...
They didn't meet privately w Russian ambassador & then LIE about it! Trump's days are numbered.
I am sure tomorrow we will hear about a investigation in to Trumps claims about being wire tapped by Obama
How many were lying under oath while vowing to uphold the rule of law?
how is it that you don't see the extraordinary difference here?
Sessions recused himself. He will go to jail if he lied. I know I am but so are you is not the behavior of an adult. Grow up.
If they worked on behalf of a campaign, in exchange for Russian intel that hacked an election, and then lied about it? Yes.
just remember this @JohnCornyn and you should steer clear of these snafu situations you have been finding yourself in lately
lol... No but seriously who is writing his tweets... Weak when the avg 5y/o can rebut them
did they lie under oath about it? Smdh dude.
AND its different dems in different fields... not 8 people with direct lines to potus that make up the immediate administration
I know you can tell difference between public meeting/dinner and office visit, right?
If this is indicative of the level of analysis you're capable of, Senator, YOU need to resign!!!
-- A disenchanted constituent
Did they lie under oath?
Not because, it's possibly why they met. Sway the election?  Hacking? Who knows until the investigation.
The meeting is not the issue. The issue is that he lied under oath.
lying about it. BIG DIFFERENCE
they never lied about it pay attention you might learn something. ... Why you avoiding your constituency? Investigate Russia
did @realDonaldTrump facilitate travel and pay expenses 4 mtgs like he did 4 #SessionsMustResign? R U excusing lying to congres?
YES!!!!!!!Drain the Swamp!
HAHAHA! You crack me up, Senator. Did any of them work for the Trump campaign? Or were they nominated to the cabinet, perhaps??
answer the sessions question and I'll answer democrat question.  Squirrel.  Keep focused on question we are asking u.  I vote.
If this has to be explained to you, you are not paying attention.
but he liked under oath to  your committee if he were Dem you would want him prosecuted.
do you not understand how the senate works?!?
big difference between offical meeting and unoffical meeting. Also sanctions were in place! But you know this Senator
big difference between violating the Logan act and then lying under oath to people meeting with ambassadors in the lying and not
did they lie under oath?
Why is it OK for Trump to have theories backed by no evidence, but not OK for the Dems to have legitimate concerns w/ evidence?
You are a Senator and don't know the difference between diplomacy and off the record meetings with foreign government? RESIGN
maybe a good rule 4 Twitter: think & research before tweeting. It doesn't take much time, helps avoid #altfacts #cowardlycornyn
it was that he lied under oath. Cmon.
did you have a meeting with the Russians???? Is that why you won't speak against Russian lover Trump!
No one cares that they met. It's the "forgetting"/lying about it.
As a Texan, I'm embarrassed that you represent our state.  Seriously, your argument is completely missing the point.
Why didn't Session's just tell the truth ?
yes if they also lied under oath about it... BTW your staff is writing dumb tweets #upYourGame #heatwillcome
Did they lie about those meetings to Congress?  It is not the meeting but the failure to disclose that's the problem.
it's a witch hunt. A different person everyday. Hope you don't get caught in it.
1. They're no allegations they hacked the election 2. They didn't lie under oath. #GrowUp #DoYourJob
Sure. Why is everyone talking to Russia so much? Deal with American problems.
personally, EVERY CONGRESSMAN currently in office is a disgrace & should resign, including you, comrade.
Sessions is however alone in lying about it
IN 2013 Senator. Grow a brain. Please.
 and 
You are so clearly a Trump Pundit that you won't connect the dots. How long are you going to let this guy embarrass us?
did they lie about it under oath?
YES!
Doubt they lied about it to congress, the VP or the FBI. This is a breathtakingly stupid argument.
the point is @JSessionsAL   lied to Congress #liers #Morality
democrats didn't lie under oath.
the problem is the lie, sir. I know the difference. You do, too. Shame on you for not standing for what is right.
false equivalency and you know it
yes, get them all out
Uh, did they lie about it under oath like Sessions did? You and Cruz seem to have more love of Putin than of your constituents!
maybe. That's why investigations are important. Gather and analyze data THEN draw conclusions
supports lying under oath to the senate & Putin's efforts to control US. #Putinspuppet
If they lied about it under oath, yes.
Are you joking? If they committed perjury, as sessions did, then they should resign. The issue isn't the meeting,it's the lying.
I don't know John. Did THEY lie about it under oath to congress?!?!
it is not about the meeting as much as the fact that Sessions knew he would be asked about under oath and then lied under oath
Come clean and disclose all your meetings with ambassadors at a town hall! We'll make guacamole.
Did the Dems lie under oath when questioned about the meetings? C'mon, John! Town Hall now.
spin it how you want...the Dems did not cover it up nor were they part of a presidential campaign
Perjury is a crime. At least it used to be until Republicans took over. Lies are acceptable now. The truth means nothing.
Don't, just don't.
did they also lie under oath?
did hey do it to undermine US diplomacy and then lie about it?
it is becoming clear to me that you like the administration & Sessions do not believe the rules apply to you. The AG lied!
What, did President O'Bannon send out an email telling you idiots to tweet this nonsense?

finally
f they lied under oath about it, then yes.  You're smarter than this...
Maybe the fact that Sessions lied? #2020
First Bush, then Perry, now you. Why are Texas politicians such airheads?
You're clearly an intelligent man, and being this disingenuous does not become you. Hint:They didn't lie under oath.
Deflection won't work. You forget that Dems are highly educated unlike the undereducated that GOP thrives on. Scared yet?
Depends on whether they held secret meetings in an election season that was interfered with by host nation and then lied.
Sessions LIED! Trump is tied to Russia! Let's see his taxes!
did they lie to the Senate, too?
. @JohnCornyn Do you seriously not get the difference between public meetings and clandestine meetings? Or lying under oath??
I should vote you out of office next election
Did Dems lie under oath? If yes, then you're right--they should resign too.
. @JohnCornyn At what point do you stop pretending that you are contributing to Democracy by issuing these incredibly stupid statements?
You tweet us to mock us. This is a very dysfunctional relationship, you and the constituents.
not during a campaign and always out in the open! You sir are a disgrace!
Did they lie about it under oath?
Did the Democrats lie about meeting them while under oath? If so, yes. They should resign.
Let's see, how many of those Dem's lied to the Senate Judiciary Committee in their confirmation hearings? NONE!
did they not recall those meetings under oath in senate hearing too? You need to compare apples to apples, now don't you Senator
Sessions was part of campaign. Good to know you support a Russian incursion of Whitehouse. #cornyntraitor #votehimout #hypocrite
I dunno. Did they perjure themselves like Sessions did?
You, as an American, or specifically an elected official,should want an independent Investigation into Russian ties? Country 1st
This defense of Sessions points to your possible approval of/or your own collusion with Russia???
Don't try to undermine your constituents intelligence. It's about lying under oath! Quit deflecting
Only if they lied about meeting him under oath.
How many are under FBI investigation like Sessions? @SenateDems @HouseDemocrats @TheDemocrats
feel u should understand this better then me... Maybe you could talk to @SenSanders. He seems nice. #hugaliberal
Let's have a thorough, independent investigation and find out!
Every time you post nonsense like this, you're confirming that you are a politician for reasons other than helping Texans.
a better argument would be if the question was answered or if it was offered up and is not technically "lying".
for real, do you not understand this? If you want, next time you are in town we can talk about it...
dude, the meeting is not the issue here, the LYING  is the issue. How do you not understand that? #lyingunderoath
knows the issue is not the meeting but meeting and lying about it. Why lie?Obviously you lie too and don't have an issue with it
John the more you tweet the dumber you sound
If you are a U.S. Senator,you presumably are not dumb. Stop it.
There's a difference and you know it. You're trying to change the story. This voter in Texas wants answers about Sessions.
He lied under oath to get the job as Attorney General, so is perjury no longer a crime.  Which Dems lied about meetings?
if they lie about it under oath they absolutely should.  Seems like you are missing the important point there.
You realize that the problem isn't meeting with them, but that Sessions lied under oath during a confirmation hearing, right?
.@JohnCornyn Senator, I am a constituent. Do you trust Donald J. Trump with the nuclear codes?
one major difference is that these senators had no quo to offer for quids
Yes.  They should resign if they lied under oath as Sessions apparently did in congressional hearing
Nobody but R cultists will by this BS!!
*buy
Republicans: motive, opportunity, benefit, coverup. Democrats: opportunity.
One day John when you are no longer in office, reflect as to why
Dude, you can't clean this up by slinging mud...write down differences and get back to us.
Hey, bonehead ...
Public, monitored, meetings vs. private "locker room talk" wink fests?
Are you used to thinking logically?
thinking logically?
Or, can you & yours ONLY function in a cloakroom?
Then, be so proud that you lie under oath?
Repeatedly?
you are really embarrassing as a senator   instead of seeking truth and protecting the truth you look for excuses
if they lied under oath yes they should resign  I'm for truth and  fairness not protecting a friend or colleague
big difference
Senator, you (or whichever staffer is handling your tweets) really aren't this stupid, are you?
Context? Did they swear under oath they didn't meet with them? Prob not. Was an election compromised, yes? Russia = Trump, yes.
Russia, did not write the Hillary emails that were hacked. The emails just show how corrupt she is.
if Sessions told the truth it would not be an issue
Maybe you're TOO close to the tree to see the forest ? Did you meet with the Russian ambassador?
Schumer/Pelosi/Clinton/Obama ties 2 Russia? Then launch a damn investigation for Christ's sake, you have the power to do that!
you're embarrassing yourself, Texas and the nation by trying to compare perjury to public meetings. History will not be kind.
Does this make you feel better about supporting 45 to get @GOP interests passed in congress? Party above country, senator?
how would we know about the meetings, without the Washington Post. Session wasn't truthful.
or is it just the average GOP supporter who needs these deflections to justify not investigate the attack on your election
.@JohnCornyn you should know better than this, senator. It's illegal to lie to Congress while under oath. Deflecting isn't going to work
Did they get $60mil Russian bribe on condo sale to Russian & bank co-chair now in cabinet? ISSUE FOR ALL AMERICANS #TrumpRussia
did they lie under oath about the meetiing....how dumb do you lot think people are?
If they met privately and then lied about it, yes.  They didn't, Sessions did.
False equivalency. I'm disappointed in you, Senator. You should know better.
Dems met w officials on the record, in full view of press, and didn't lie about it under oath. It's all coming out. @GOPTraitors
.@JohnCornyn Jeff. Sessions. Lied. Under. Oath. 

Your problems, as a party, are far more fundamental than mere meetings. 

And you know it.
- Those were meetings not lied about, but in your morally bankrupt condition, I can see how the difference is tough to see.
GOP false equivalence! The Democrats meetings were in public and transparent. They weren't in the shadows and then lied about.
They weren't asked under oath if they had.  Perjury is the issue.
Sessions not alone: Russian ambassador also met with numerous Rs. Should they resign?
Great reason for an Independent Bi partisan investigation NOW
It depends on why they met.  This Putin situation was a coup
did they commit perjury as the AG?
Context is VERY important and is a benchmark of behavior. Sessions fails this test.
Yes. If we nominate them for a #cabinet seat and they lie about meeting #Russians; they should #resign too. #nohypocrisy
Senator, do you think we are so dumb that we can't see the difference in a) public vs private meetings; & b) lying under oath?
Did they meet in private and then lie about it?
stop trying to confuse your constituents with these misdirections and half truths. We have enough demagogues
was it funded by their campaigns and then they lied about it under oath?
no John, bc they didn't meet with him in secret then lied about it under oath. THAT'S the problem.
if they committed #perjury, traded the #WhiteHouse for #Crimea and agreed a deal on arctic oil then yes, yes they shld. #Resist
even this article states the dif between meeting an ambassador and lying under oath! #myrepishorrible #lastterm
Who hid while meeting? Who denied. Who lied under oath? Who was He representing? Your party is behaving like desperate children
you should resign for tweeting such stupidity! A lawyer who doesn't know the dif between lying under oath and a reception?
Did those Democrats lie under oath about it?
@USAGSessions did so in private and then lied under oath. You're not helping his case, jackass. #GOPdestroyingUSdemocracy
SAD, showing your bias: you would push resignation if Dems did this! Hide a blind eye to your own GOP corruption! #lastterm
Depends. Were they asked about such meetings under oath, and lie about it?

Nice try, if a little amateurish.
you are exacerbating the problem instead of searching for the truth! So sad you won't meet with constituents to hear our voice!
Yes, especially if they lied about it. Your unwavering support of this treasonous administration will be remembered in 2020.
if they perjured themselves, sure. twitter ≠ testimony
please stop the silliness. There is a difference in a social setting in front of the world, versus a private meeting.
you really can't be this Dense can you? Dems met openly, covered by press. Sessions met in secret then lied about it. Gtfu
I'm not sure hitching your wagon to this horse is prudent, but keep at it
They didn't lie under oath. This is some Cirque du Soleil level reaching.
stop. You're embarrassing yourself
The #EternalQuestion. Is @JohnCornyn this stupid, or he just thinks Americans are?
What are YOU hiding is the next relevant question?
did they lied about it under oaths? Were they talking about 2016 election?
from @amandacarpenter
A note: When pols can't defend questionable behavior, they point to their opponents bad behavior. This isn't defense, it's deflection.
Yes,  any Democrat that that met with any Russian gov representative in private then lied should resign.
Dumbasd they didn't meet in secret nor running for President. You should resign for your stupidity.
How many of those Dems were investigated by FBI? Next you'll tell us Obama met with a few Russians. Quit hauling Trump's water.
Did they lie under oath that they had no communications with Russia? Oh, so they didn't? Then quit being stupid, please?
All on the record & not hidden. You're showing you ignorance again, but I guess you & base don't care about facts.
