Mattis keeps me awake at night like an old relative who keeps having car accidents but is too stubborn to admit he's too old to drive.
Except its wrong. With all due respect to Mattis, its his boss Donald that is the one keeping too many of us Americans up at night worrying!
I sleep fine knowing he's in the White House
Ignorance is bliss.
Then you must be the happiest person in the world...
Dont u just love this guymajor change for countryLib's will have to get use to having blunt talkno wish- Washie-pansy's speak no PC 
That is an evil statement to hear from a man at his station
Then it's spot on. The men are in charge again...
Shame on you...another misogynist
Don't flatter yourself cupcake.  The comment had nothing to do with women....
You are just as chauvinistic As Trump calling a woman cupcake excuse me not acceptable
I sleep better at night now that we have good people like @POTUS and Mattis watching our backs.
When Vladimir Putin's Airbone Regiments are landing around Washington, I'm sure this tough talk will comfort you.  #CornynIsATraitor
I agree , all of Trump bunch keeps me awake at night ,worrying #FakePeople
lol
Right on!
Quote of the year
I wish liberals would just move to a country they agree with - maybe Cuba or Venezuela
Mattis once pointed his finger in Syria and said Bang. #MattisFacts
I am sure glad he took the job.  Great quote!
Great qoute from a great man
That was really lame.
Great.  Keep rattling those swords because that's just what we need, more wars.
THAT'S A GENERAL. !!!
Good answer me Mattie.
I sleep so good at night knowing Trump, Mattis, Gen Kelley and Rex out there swinging their Ds around like bullys. Im very happy! Nvr better
Haha hes the man
American Hero
Like a boss
What a self-aggrandizing old fool. Never trust a man who touts himself as a legend.
Brilliant and best answer on this question I've ever heard 
He may be a badass but I hope fur the sake of the nation these terrorists can be contained by an old fashioned strategy! Let's hope he can!
Mattis keeps people awake so that we can sleep better.
And yet another Sen. Cornyn Cornyn'ism tweet...no position or balls to take a stand
SHAME SHAME SHAME
Awesome. Thank you for ur service, sir!
Yeah, cause we don't feel safe with him & the rest of this administration in charge
#spoiledsnowflake
You are great
With the Trump family and swamp rats infecting the WH, it needs fumigation and sterilization @realDonaldTrump @TeamTrump @potus
Mattis is a badass
Good stuff
Does this kind of bullshit bravado appeal to you?  What use is it other than making your less-bright constituents think you're tough?
I don't know about all that. Hopefully he won't flush his credibility down the crapper like Flynn. McMaster already started to do that.
Thank the good lord that we have Mad Dog Mattis on our side!!!
Lol ! Right man for the job is right . Kick these Isis Islamic jihadists in the ass so far into hell .
Amen!!
Yes. Unstable, senile people should not be in charge. That keeps me up at night. He keeps me up at night.
I suppose you want to give peace a chance?
#LikeABoss 
Take note libs. Real men like this are the reason we're here enjoying freedom unlike anywhere else on earth!
Modern-day General George Patton.
"A good plan violently executed right now is far better than a perfect plan executed next week."...GSP
To bad Trump was a pussy and deferred the draft.He let others go in his place.
FAKE NEWS!
Love his answer!
We're so lucky to have him 
The best answer ever
Love this. Great anwer.
You know who else keeps people awake at 1600 Pennsylvania? Robert Meuller. We got to get rid of him. So I can protect Russia err America
Great answer
This is what it's coming to. Momentary chest beating over catchy one liners by people you wish trump would emulate
get a life
Love
W
I love this man!
Perfect! #MAGA
Hello yesssss
Boom!
I  GENERAL MATTIS
I agree it's like "I'm the one who knocks!"
Yes Sir..
Ditto. We need more like him in this administration.
The bogeyman's child thinks there's a General Mattis in his closet!
EXCELLENT.............
OUTSTANDING!!! ♡♡♡
MADDDDDDDDDOOOOOOOOOG!!!!!
It's over snowflakes. The adults are back in charge!
#maddog
#mattis
Mattis is not funny.  He speaks from a position of arrogance. There's nothing to admire about this guy.

WOW
@johndickerson :"What keeps you awake at night?"
Sec.Def #JamesMattis :"Nothing,I keep other people awake at night"
…
Yes sir. Keep that hammer down
OoRAAHH SIR!!!
YOU don't keep me awake.  your boss with the tiny hands makes me sick enough to be up all night nauseous & disgusted. so quote that #resist

Wow, make this into a billboard!
No one can question this man's dedication to keeping our country safe. Amazing person.
Sad when the people he claims to keep awake at night are the very citizens of the country he once served.
Idiotic statement.
Snowflake
Oh my god   This is great !
Mee too!!
Very strong,  confident man. Just what we need.
@A_Tina23 this gave me chills #ProudAmerican #GeneralMadDog 
That is definitely the quote of the day!
Ha!  Yay Mattie's!
did you read Matthew Dowd's Tweet about Mattis quote? He actually condemned it. The man is odd

I LOVE THIS GUY!!!
I LOVE THIS GUY!!!!
So much respect for this man
He is excellent
Brilliant 
