Placing urgency on an investigation into matters of national security isn't partisan.
But it's worth mentioning that you backed special committees to investigate Benghazi & Clinton's emails. Why the reticence on this, Senator?
Since you seem to have forgotten what your views were when it was Democrats.
Senator, how do you explain your fervor to investigate Clinton, but not your president?
Still in awe that he's calling anyone partisan after his furor over Clinton & subsequent blind eye to Trump. Schumer is partisan? Seriously?
Then how about an independent non-partisan commission to take over? Someone from the Republican party needs to have the guts to call for it.
Agreed. But it would need to be a GOP with the country as their priority, not party. @SenJohnMcCain @LindseyGrahamSC perhaps?
I think we all know that they aren't going to do anything.  Trump's voters still support him 100%.  Nobody brave enough to challenge him.
I think Trump voters value "winning" and their racism above everything. Lots are unhappy, but won't admit it.
I prefer not to characterize all Trump supporters as racist. I have friends who voted for him and they are far from racist.
I agree. Though every single one who voted for him voted either for or in spite of racism. That doesn't sit well with me.
Unprecedented GOP obstruction. Support an independent investigation/special prosecutor using all FBI Intel. Then we'll listen.
This is easily solved: have an actual investigation, instead of just saying that you are. Two staffers who aren't Russia experts? Really?
Senator-you're full of it. The first partisan attack was from Senator Burr when he obstructed justice on #TrumpRussia probe

#BurrMustRecuse
@JohnCornyn is a disaster of a Congressperson:HIGHLY partisan, willfully eager to throw 99% to wolves to give $$ benefit to his O&G masters
@JohnCornyn only goal is to incite anger and resentment. He's almost exactly like Chump. Never helpful always hateful. Embarrassment to TX.
Senator (& I use that term loosely), you are the one being partisan. You are aiding #treason against your own country.#trumprussia #RESIST
I am your constituent. Senator Richard Burr has financial investment in Russia tied to oil drilling company. 

#BurrMustRecuse #trumprussia
it's ur fault.
We need an independent prosecutor.
John Cornyn I am a Texas resident and have left you several messages/emails to investigate #trumprussia & #TrumpCrimeFamily you r complicit
Russia trump independent investigate don't care about your party loyalty
You have to admit, GOP would have a full-blown independent investigation, by now. Last thing to hear from pols is the word "partisan".
I don't pretend to know his motivation for saying it publicly, but Schumer isn't the only one worried about the pace of this investigation.
The longer these things take, the more evidence will disappear or be misplaced.
I'm a Texas constituent. Investigate #trumprussia NOW #cornynstakeout #resist #BurrMustRecuse #TrumpRussiaTies
@JohnCornyn Won't listen to his constituents.  Action Plan for Texas:  http://cornynstakeout.com  #TrumpRussia #CornynStakeout #TheResistance https://twitter.com/bgheaven/status/857369798480711680 …
#2020 is so close I can taste it. Enjoy your retirement.
The premise is absurd.
Burr is the foot dragging GOP partisan!
Burr is obstructing, page one in the Republican playbook. How will this reluctance to investigate look if collusion occurred?
So why is this investigation going so slow Senator???
Shame on you. You are doing nothing but obstructing this investigation. Shame on you.
Show me on the card, Cornyn.
Show everyone what you did.
And he should
Well he has a right to, the chairman is not doing his job, as worthless as you.
Such a hypocrite. One of the worst ever.
I believe the correct term for Burr's behavior is 'obstructing justice'
Schumer is looking out for America's national security which you certainly are not with your snarky tweet. Grow up!
No. Burr is stonewalling.
Burr and @GOP obfuscate, then we are entitled to learn what's there. @SenateDems must release this information. The public demands it. #NOW
Country over party, Do YOUR JOB!
You are a toadie. Tell Burr to get out of the way of a fair, impartial investigation.
John, if partisan it was the “anti-Russian-election-interference” party that was attacked. If you're not working to fix that - wrong team.
At the rate the investigation is moving forward, as directed by Republican leadership, all complicit parties will be in nursing homes.
#SenSchumer should of said  #BurrMustRecuse he is intentionally blocking the investigation
Potential treason & Senate Reps like u r slow walking/blocking investigation. Partisan attack? Do ur job u hack!
There's a shadow Russian government among the GOP.  The People are angry investigations are going so slowly & we see the GOP obstruction.
Knock it off, traitor. You know perfectly well what's going on.
Putin is building his world country by country and you all have sold us yo him.  White House is trump family cash cow and Putins behind it
Why dont you have a real town hall and meet the people you are supposed to serve?   You have plenty things to say on fox or on here
You mean like over 800 days of investigating H Clinton?  Or high fivin the pos who who yelled you lie during SOTU  yup that is bipartisan
You are on the way out. You told too many voters that you don't care what they think. Those rude emails will bite you back in the election.
Schumer is right. Independent investigation is needed  #BurrMustRecuse
Maybe because Burr refuses to let it proceed? (won't sign papers demanding campaign documents) 
You are giving the appearance of collaborating ... or colluding ... with Russian interests for illegal purposes. Is that your intention?
#HYPOCRITE
Burr in on the scam, John. Watch out and don't support the traitors.
There is nothing partisan about this. I'm 1 of your constituents. It looks from where I stand like you folks are stalling- smoke & mirrors
Sir,
The American people need to know.  We need to know soon. The stain on the Republican party grows larger the longer this takes
Bipartisan investigate? Then why is the GOP doing everything to sweep it under the rug and obstructing justice. What does Russia have on you
hey, sorta like you guys. cornyn------traitor to texas, traitor to america----------independent investigation now.
You are a Texas-sized hypocrite. Enjoy your days in office #traitor. #Trumprussia isn't going away but the voters will make sure you do.
Texas is watching and we do not like what we see in you! Complicit! Corrupt Cornyn
What kompromat does Russia have on you, Senator?
Um, the guy doing the partisan obstruction of the investigation for partisan purposes ..........is the one being partisan.
Maybe if some republicans did their jobs honestly, there would be bipartisan criticism of the Trump-Russia investigation's slow pace. Hint.
Non-existent pace. Do your jobs and let's get the stink of Russia off the USA.
You are guilty of covering this up just like @SenateMajLdr @SenatorBurr @SenateGOP @GOP #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
@SenSchumer is representing the Americans who are outraged that this "probe" is such a minor league affair when it should be #1 priority.
Who is sitting on forward movement then? Do you OFFICIALLY dispute that Burr has NOT signed orders to appear? He has?
You've sold your country out. Americans die protecting something you give away for personal gain. Defend the constitution or go the F home
Thank you for showing us exactly who you are, John. Another traitor in the GOP putting party before country. Pitiful.
Sen.Burr is Partisan took a call from WH to begin with&ran straight to press ..he shouldn't even be the Chair after that so give me a break
WHAT IF THIS WAS A DEMOCRAT BEING INVESTIGATED YOU WOULD HAVE 50 FT STAFFERS AND RUNNING AROUND WITH YOUR HAIR ON FIRE
John, if your party wasn't obstructing and covering for a treasonous POTUS perhaps Chuck wouldn't need to speak up.
We deserve a nonpartisan independent investigation ASAP. Our Democracy is at risk.
@SenatorBurr has been pulling a Nunes from the start did you get a call from Trump to run to his defense? The American people want this!
They are sellouts to Russia
You sure do tweet about @SenSchumer a lot. It's like you're a boy crazy teenage girl. How about you do something else for once? #Trumprussia
America deserves the truth and Burr is slacking.
Burr is stonewalling the investigation. Your defense of him is partisan. We need movement on this. You're on Comm  Cornyn. Do something.
Let's  see 7 part-time staffers when Bengazhi had 40+ ..refusing to sign ltrs to be sent to WH requesting doc. That's  delaying hon.
The Flynn Story Isn’t Going Away
Sir I've watched you, you are very Partisan !!! So pls..what are you all trying to hide
U put party over country. Americans deserve & demand to know the truth-sooner rather than later. U just want you agenda passed!#Trumprussia
Maybe Burr should do his job, then he wouldn't be criticized. #BurrMustRecuse
You need to pay attention, Senator. Your buddy Burr is obstructing an investigation. Your comment suggests you agree with obstructing.
#trumprussia Why are you abetting this obstruction? If you love the US   #BurrMustRecuse. If not, party hack, consider you kompromised too.
Are you implying that if Hillary had been elected, the Senate would have held ZERO public hearings in the first 100 days? I call BS!
Simple answer. Each one of you are complicit. There is dirt on each one of you. Any uncovering of the other will lead to your downfall.
Senator Cornyn wants to DELAY, STALL, STOP #TrumpRussia investigation? Some patriot. #Republicans are killing the #USA. #morningjoe #newday
#TrumpRussia
Um, maybe bcz former tRump transition team member/man who WH asked to lie on TV abt Russia @SenatorBurr IS stalling! Fvcking hypocrite! 
Seriously, did you really just make that statement Senator?  More evidence for the need for an Independent investigation.
Country over party, Mr. Party of No. Mr. Burr has reasons for his partisanship.
.You do realize Burr is a stooge for Trump? He's pulling a Nunes in the Senate!
bipartisan investigation .. the same one involving GOP leaders not willing to question Trump & his affiliates?
It's only bipartisan when bipartisan involvement and action is formally taken. Until then, it's stalling.
What's wrong Truth hurt?  GOP finding out stuff,  they don't want to come out.  GOP not holding Trump to task on anything illegal he's doing
And playing party over country is wrong.  We need an investigation into #trumprussia. And they are dragging. Fight for your country first.
Yes because Burr obstructing investigation
Bipartisan? Really? No such thing anymore. Wake up.
One word - hypocrite
Things have been moving slow. Get to the bottom of this now!  If there's something there, America needs to know now!
Schumer's Immense Hate and Distain for the Republican Party makes for Outrageous demands and accusations. He should retire.
pick up the pace! #chopchop
No John. Not a partisan attack. A prescient comment. 
Quite unlike you who can't find the damned decency to return a phone call or email.
Burr has no intention of having an actual investigation. With your legal background, you should know that.
Because Burr has done diddly squat Senator.
Only partisan attacker is YOU.  @SenatorBurr is partisan slacker. You are both complicit now. #SpecialProsecutor is only path forward.
By all means deflect...tick tock
Remind me again how many were on staff for Benghazi investigation?!?!?
GOP just to drag it out so they won't have to impeach their meal ticket!
Come on JC, you know Burr is holding things up.  Anything to do with him being a former tRump advisor?
Have you said anything constructive yet? You plan to start? Can we get a refund on your salary? I’m wasting my tax $$
It is painfully slow. How about highering some staff for the investigation? Or at least staffers with investigative backgrounds?
If this was an investigation into Hillary Clinton, Republicans would be screaming like babies needing a diaper change and you know it!!
make the attack on that slow mess bipartisan, sen. join schumer in his well warranted rebuke to burr.
Ur one to talk about partisanship, you should lead by a better example. You don't meet with Dem. Constituents.
Yeah, Schumer is the bad guy for asking Burr to do his job.  That's exactly what's going on.  Is it 2020 yet?  I'm ready to purge you and 45
And you, as a former AG & judge, should be ASHAMED to be part and parcel of the delays going on..sad representation for Texas, sad, sad, sad
No...#Americans are rebuking Burr and #GOP for DOING NOTHING in nearly FOUR MONTHS on investigating #Trump #Russia! #ImpeachTrump
Good for @SenSchumer.  The integrity of our democracy is under attack.  Act as a Texas patriot or let us help you #spendmoretimewithmyfamily
Oops, #spendmoretimewithyourfamily.  : )
Yes, you're so far above partisan attacks. Hypocrite...
How bout being a congressman for a change and do something for the people
It's not a partisan attack. Trump needs to go and should never have taken office! It should be a bipartisan priority to push him out.
I am so frustrated with you!What are doing about this treason? I think your only comments on subject have been attacks on Dems and Media.
We certainly aren't seeing any urgency from you on finding out answers on Russia probe; but you were all over Hillary's emails
Republicans are doing everything they can to stall in hopes of getting time to cover up and pass awful and extreme legislation. #treason
Your blind eye to DJT shows your partisanship & will sink you! 78610 wants a town hall so we can discuss your job description!
Y'all used 46 investigators on Benghazi witch hunt, yet have 7 assigned to #TrumpRussia. When did treason become a partisan issue?
46 full time vs. 7 part time btw
Thank you for that clarification. There I go again giving John too much credit. Guess it's just my "liberal magical thinking".
@JohnCornyn you have no credibility on bipartisan ANYTHING. Exhibit A: YOUR ENTIRE TWITTER FEED. #partisanhack #hypocrite @GOP
Are you also complicit in the slow progress?  Where are the 7 staffers that were supposed to be hired?
Your DC staff told me today that you support an independent investigation. Is that true?  Where is it?  I don't trust you. Period.
As your constituent: Don't put much stock by Schumer; anyone believe he is out for anyone but himself?Would betray his own to stay in office
Yeah what's the big deal, it's just that the Kremlin might control the White House...
John, when @jasoninthehouse shows more bipartisanship & objectivity than you do, it's probably time for a retirement party.
Clearly YOU should do your job and rebuke Burr also. Committee needs bipartisan rebuke for sure. U.S. invaded but no action? Get busy.
You've got no credibility here, John. You whined to media ad nauseam for indpt. counsel reg. Hillary's emails.
Come on if Hillary was involved you would be all over it you are a phony
wooooowwww John... morally bankrupt.
Do your job.
James Comey and FBI agents have been investigating for at least 6 months...
how many full time staffers does this investigation have compared to Benghazi?
sort of like the many, slow and LONG probes into Hillary Clinton by Repubs which, funny thing, ended as soon as Trump was elected. right?
If this were an investigation into Hillary Clinton Republicans would be falling all over themselves in a rush to find something
Not sure JC knows what partisan means ... although he sure can demonstrate it
You might give serious consideration to what side of this issue u r on. Can't see citizens of TX supporting a treason cover up in 2020
Let's talk all about the foreign intervention  of our sacred election process during a #TownHall meeting, Johnny-boy!!!
You're absolutely right, Senator. When will you call for an independent investigation to eliminate partisan attacks? Glad you posted this.
Hey John maybe that is what a leader looks like?  Or maybe it is what he learned from GOP the last 8 years.Should look familiar. He is right
Actually @JohnCornyn it should be a bipartisan attack as you should be joining him. Your silence on the investigation is telling.
Are you involved? Is there some reason you do not want to get to the bottom of this issue? Sure spent a lot of time on Benghazi?
Where is your passion and drive to get to the truth now?
I sure wish you would make the rebuke bipartisan. Don't understand why you aren't as eager to know what's going on as your constituents are.
Takes one to know one. You've got a majority in both houses and you can't pass anything. Resign. You're a disgrace.
In the bipartisan spirit, what do you think about having the Independent member of the committee be chair? Angus seems a reasonable fellow.
Republicans are dragging their feet. Let's get it done!! Cut no deals.
The senate investigation is woefully understaffed. It's almost like you are scared of what you will find.
That is RICH coming from you. The most partisan political hack in congress. When is your next town hall, which you evade/favor of the GOP?
You are on the committee. Do Something. ANYTHING. 2020 You will be retiring?
You never served in the military and even now you're unable to defend your country because you're so tied to your party. Just stop.
So you saying the committee has issued subpoenas for witnesses/evidence emails etc. Or is the probe really going slow?
Sn, in DC everyone is partisan, vengeful, self absorbed & inaccessible.  You & Sn Schumer are the same. Only interested in yr own agenda.
I swear we as Texans might have the biggest political troll who happens to be our senator
Ffs, burr was part of team trump. Conflict of interest  ya think?
Maybe you should do your job and push for the investigation to move forward, Feckless John. #TheResistance #Impeach45
Is it truly bipartisan if the Republican head -is- being slow about it?  No comment on the White House refusing to turn over info on Flynn?
Hey Corny! I believe the thing that is making this issue a partisan attack is you...and your characterization of Schumer's concerns...
Schumer is right!  Stop being partisan and get this investigation going!
BS. Calling out  Chair of intel cmte for slow-rolling extraordinarily important investigation is NOT 'partisan attack'
LOSER in the low slung spectacles....
the president's nsa advisor & camp mgr are believed to be foreign agents (unreg) this is urgent. U are politicizing.
How about 7 staffers for Russia investigation vs 46 for Benghazi - THAT's partisan
What are you doing to press Senator Burr on signing the letters to request evidence? This is NON-partisan, sir. Put your country first.
And you need to stand up if you want to be reelected
So what's the freaking hold up? 

Perhaps those stolen RNC emails that Russia is holding contain kompromat on republican senators/reps? 
You have less staff than any of the Benghazi committees. One would almost think you weren't actually interested in getting answers.
Complicit  colluding conspirators in #Trumprussia
Could be that's it's ALL LIES also
No proof of Russia hacking emails or election
DEMS have traitors in their ranks but blame GOP & Trump
It's not bipartisan until Burr starts doing his job
Let's have an independent investigation and special prosecutor. We need clear answers so we can come together as a nation.
I don't see @chuckschumer investigating $35M @johnpodesta recd from Russian Co while working for @HillaryClinton 
CROOKS PROTECTING CROOKS
Link to this accusation?
Indep. investigation now! Burr refusing to allow full access to materials for comm members while he still hasn't sought Team Trump docs? 
You really want this to still be unfinished when you appear on the ballot below Trump in 2020?  Get a move on.
His lack of effort to get to the truth will not go well for him 2020. Can't see the citizens of TX supporting a cover up of treason
What? Partisan? How rich. Give it a break, John. By all appearances, you are guilty of shielding the WH from any investigation.
Partisan?! The hypocracy is disgraceful & diaguting. So disrespectful to people who can see & who can think independently
Your treason shows
One would think you would want this to be over as soon as possible so as not to look like you were protecting a treasonous president.
What nonsense is this? You know McConnell was the one who blocked discussion of this before the election?
McConnell: suppress the facts
Schumer: find the facts
What pass is Schumer getting? Or is this just one of those party over country things?
And not sure what tables are supposed to have turned, unless you're making some wild accusation that Russia got Obama into office.
Senator, if obama was accused of colluding with Russia, would you consider that the Democrat in charge was moving fast enough?
You are on the committee and I've seen next to nothing you've posted about it. You must admit that it isn't in your interest to pursue this.
If so, There is a few words to describe it

Collusion 
Complicit
Conspiratorial

#Trumprussia
Senator: Burr is blocking like you're buddy... #TheMotherOfAllObstructors #ItchyMitch When you will wake up and smell the borscht?
