Really? You've got the majority and to blame your party problems on the Democrats is laughable
With a majority in all 3 branches of govt you blame the Dems thinking your constituents are dumb enough to believe you. #VoteThemOut
Your budget will get you voted out. That is BS
Define "productive." Please.
Crybabies
Please let me know what they blocked? I thought Reps had the majority in both houses...did I miss it??
don't you dare try to take credit for all of Trump's hard work.
It must be nice living in the same fantasy land as Donald.  Do you all hold hands and skip around too?
Hmm kinda like how #republicans blocked everything #potus44 did?
Like you did for ALL 8 years of Obama's administration?!?!
Your comments are incredibly 2 faced! :(
WAY out of touch. #evidence
That is patently absurd.
Talk about fake news, the predator accomplished nothing, nada, zilch and neither did you
Isn't that what u and Rep did the last 8 yrs such a hypocrite and NO #45 and congress has been a complete failure #votehimout2020
But when you did it it was ok????

You spelled "shitty" and "other Republicans" wrong.
You represent all, not just r's. 100+ days of control, still nothing accomplished.   We will remember that at polls
Specifics on what you have done that helps the average American please.  You have done a lot to promote elitism and corporatism.
To quote one of your Republican colleagues, you lie. You have control of both houses. It's your dysfunction not Dem obstruction.
Productive destroying our planet and de-unify this country. Now you know how it feels.
Omg!  Do you have moments of reality any day or night?  People have been on the street since his first day and haven't stopped.
Ha ha ha ha  Just one name: Merrick Garland. Also a budget passed this week with partisan work. #truthmatters
ZERO support to your silly tweet. Where are you imagining it? In GOP back room deals for cronies, lobbyists, greedy capitalists? #TownHall
You own POTUS, Senate, House. You taught master obstruction under Obama. Now you complain about Ds? You R more like DT every day. Scary.
Senator, there's no reason to do that.  Don't try to sell horse feathers to us.  You're better off staying quiet about Executive Branch.
Just like the Rs did during the last eight years. @JohnCornyn I'm neither a R or D but I keep up and play DA when I need to. #wholestory
No they're not.
What planet have you been on?
We all know you all control the house and senate. This isn't 1984 (book reference) you can't force us to remember it another way...yet.
Not much support for your comments John. #delusions
Dems can't stop you from defunding Meals on Wheels, PBS, the arts, or polluting our water and air. You have the majority. #Whiner #Clueless
Like blocking you from taking away our healthcare? Drilling for oil in national parks? Killing endangered species? WTF, Cronyn.
Productive?  What did you produce?  A stolen SC seat?  2020. #turntexasblue
But up dude. You have the White House and majorities in both houses. Quit making excuses and get to work. 2020 is coming. #turntexasblue
Seriously? GOP has the house, the senate and the White House. How could Dems possibly block anything? Take some responsibility!
Bwahahaha, @JohnCornyn 's got jokes!
You all delayed and refused to look at anything Obama suggested. Stop the hypocrisy.
You better stand OUR ground and get funding for walk or you will be voted OUT your next term!
John .... you are as clueless as Trump is!   Scary!
You know a famous youtuber wants your account name right?
And they gave away the store and broke every promise with the disaster called the Dem Spending Bill.  If you supported, you lost my vote.
How so? What have you accomplished?
You have such a short memory!  Rs delayed and obstructed Obama for 8 years!
Go complain to Andrew Jackson.  Or Douglas.  Or the lies Trump pulls out of his dimpled ass
Golly, wonder who taught them that approach works? Stop whining and put country before party and maybe you'll do some good.
Potus yes come on Senator what has Congress done let the dems push you around? Republicans won for once stand up and act like it!
@GOP really!? GOP are hypocritical, greedy, reprobate, bottom feeders that kill, steal, destroy and suck the Life out of America. $$$ whores
If Republicans was working with Pr Trump obamacare would be repealed and wall funded.
Trying? They kicked your butt on the budget. Huge fail, Sir!
Ds are part of Congress, so the "we" you refer to is POTUS and Rs, and yes, you're facing some resistance. Work together to accomplish more.
Lol! You are such a productive liar.
Maybe try to convince others why your ideas are good. You know, be a leader. Bashing opponents just makes people think less of you.
You should maybe try and do less reprehensible things.  Also, good job continuing to hitch your wagon to Trump.
Haha. This is pretty funny.  Who knew you were a comedian? :)
You should let a staffer do your Twitter
Are you suffering from selective amnesia? Productive? Whoops, you misspelled train wreck. @IndivisibleTeam #TrumpCareIsWealthCare
Gosh I still have mirror if you really want to talk about the party of NO. Btw which legislative proposal are we D's suppose to like?
Meet with your constituents so we can teach you the definition of productive.
Lol I guess obstructionism is only OK if the GOP does it.
So untrue! But sure brings back what R's did to Obama, doesn't it. Not so nice when the shoe changes feet.
Name them. What have you done for everyday Americans that has made their lives better?
That's some amazing selective memory you've got there.
So when's the town hall?? I got to give u a piece of my mind since YOU WORK 4 ME!!!
Hello pot, this is the kettle, um, you're black
Wow sounds like it's from the Republican playbook! Can't wait to vote u out Corny!!!
Do you have so little respect for your constituents, that you think We can't do basic math. GOP has majority in both houses. Are you lying?
what about a real budget? Let's end the era of extensions. All R's can't even get it done. :( #healthcare #POTUS #Budget2017
I know you are, but what am I?
By "Ds" you must mean the many thousands of regular Americans demonstrating against the Trump regime.
You're as delusional as 
But GOP has majority in house and Senate. How is this a thing you are saying?
Right and the Dems have this huge majority!
John, thats unseemly comment based on history of GOP blocking Obama.  You are above that kind of nonsense divisive comment
Maybe if you would try to pass a law that wasn't transparently anti-American, you would get more uptake from the other side.
Like that time that Obama got a lot done in eight years, especially since Rs were trying to delay and block everything he tried to do.
Who "likes" this tweet. Hope tweeter is counting all who disagree..it's a  1 for 3 against you. Bye Bye!
Do u always lie ....don't answer that
More ramblings from a hypocrite on Twitter. Do you suffer from memory loss Senator? Let's discuss this at your next town hall.
Congress? Congress has been " pretty productive"? What have you been smoking, Senator? A productive congress: 1. Is it constitutional?
2. Does it "secure" rights?
Wow like GOP did to last president. Time to retire  your mind is going. #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #dosomething
"Pretty" productive? What's that? Like we're "pretty" sure Russia isn't operating out of the White House...
Yeah and if you take out Trump's golfing excursions it's only been what...like 65 days...
@txlege explain how with ALL 3 branches of government-it's the Dems fault that you have100 days of Nothingburger ? @statesman @TXDemWomen 
Whatcha smoking John? It's 100 days of tweetgasms lies & trying 2 subvert Constit. Ds block b/c u put party b4 country. BAD!! #2020iscoming
Er your party controls P, Senate and House.  Why does Dem position matter unless you can't get anything done yourselves?
 not voting for you again!
Seriously John, if you spun that shit any faster & chilled it then you could eat it for dessert.
No less bullshit than anything else you've tweeted
Pointing the wrong finger in wrong direction. Your own party is so used to obstructionism, they can't even stop for a GOP president.
Suck it up and stop blaming everyone else for GOP inefficacy
So when are you going to meet us for a town hall since you're so productive?
Once again the GoP look like the keystone cops. Pathetic. Inept. Do not donate or back any of them again.
You must demand an independent investigation into #TrumpRussia. And you must demand it now. Do something for America! Please!!
Big John, @SenateGOP has the trials of Job coming to them & you know it. Bless your corrupt little ! #Trumprussia
Same gaslighting he tried to pull when complaining about the Dem's opposition to Gorsuch. Stolen seat.
He's reality averse--a disturbing quality in a policy maker.
Time for you to step up BIG TIME!!!
Trump needs to stop the rallies all he causes is fighting at them when should been in Texas to see the disaster that killed people not rally
Yeah?  How about you list accomplishments from this frenzy of productivity? GOP has House, Senate, WH, Gov's.  Quit whining.
In 100 days the Rs have accomplished showing the country how much they hate American citizens.
Who is in Charge? You have the majority, act like it. Quit making excuses.
Your living republicans been trying to destroy U.S sense your party started.stop lying stop it,you look like a fool.
If you try to destroy the economy and rights of her people, then of course, America will fight back. #resist #hypocrisy #nohate
That is a laughable comment.
Cornyn is a joke on texas.
Yes, it would be so much easier if your party controlled both houses of congress plus the White House. Oh, wait...
@John  We are not stupid.  Nothing productive has happened. Executive orders are not law.
what exactly has the Russian investigation accomplished so far?
Just because you say something enough DOESN'T  make it true SIR. Compromise will make America Great for all ppl
Dont forget They learned from the best Republicans are champions  It was their first goal when Obama was elected Time 4 all  2b lovable
Both delusional and hypocritical.  Not one piece of major legislation passed thanks to the #resistance  -just unconstitutional EOs.
You've failed at every turn with the majority because you're acting against the will of the people.
Your constituents have grown tired of this blame game. Show maturity and be a leader, or get out.
Do you have no memory at all of the last eight years?
Every time you tweet I lose more & more respect for you. Oh wait, never mind! It's all gone! I have no more left! #Hypocrite
Merrick Garland?
U have both houses of Congress & the Preaidency & still can't get shit done. Failure after failure. Ur party simply can't govern.  Retire.
You control the house and senate. No excuses.
Is that not what you politicians do. Jockey?
You really are clueless. But keep going down this path you've chosen--see where it leads you in 2020.
hypocrite.
"Pretty productive" coming from a Senator who does nothing. You need to find better examples of productivity.
The thing with Congress is it's the only job where you can do nothing and still draw a paycheck!
You mean their using the same tactics you Republican used on Obama. You are all worthless!
Don't forget that whole AHCA failure because Ryan couldn't get the gop tea party to come around.  Dems didn't have anything to do with that.
And don't forget that awful Muslim ban stopped by the courts.  Dems had nothing to do with that.
Lock HIM up!! Lock HIM up!! Lock HIM up!! Lock HIM up!!
"Trying to" does not equate to "successfully are." There are the Rs who listen to their constituents a bit more than you have this past !
After the GOP obstructionism of the last 8 years - this is just a stupid, hypocritical statement!!!!!!
Pretty rich coming from the party the obstructed Obama on everything. Not like you control house, Senate , and executive...oh wait?
Can you actually see the words you're tweeting?
John you have the majority....
GOP controls both houses and the presidency. Maybe the prob is that your ideas are garbage and your party is incompetent. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Again, you guys control all 3 entities- WH, House, Congress. Stop blaming Dems for your ineffective governing.
Wow. Pot calling kettle black, much? You have blinders on, sir.
Huh... you can bring it but you can't take it?
Must have learned it from your Republicans over the last 8 years. I seem to recall that a few Republicans didn't like the health care bill.
And the people/voters are getting tired of it. Including from the Dem. party.
y'all run everything. Quit making excuses. Deliver on your promises. Take responsibility when you don't.
Yeah, those damn Dems always wanting health care and civil rights and education.  #2020 #WeAreWatching #WeWillRemember
You sir, are a liar. Enjoy your last term,  because Republicans will be held responsible for their actions. Texans won't forget.
Not productive at all -- unless you think meaningless EO's and campaign rallies count. And please stop whining about the Dem's. Geez....
Ha, ha, ha, sir. Quite the comedian, aren't you?
Just like 
Ya'll have control of Congress. Ya'll are the majority. If nothing is getting done, perhaps ya'll need to look at your own party.
You're better than this. What was your Canadian friend doing since 2013 when a Democrat was in the White House?
Stalled investigation of Russian interference of election, Flint still w/o drinkable water, hate crimes on the rise?  This is productive?
Only if you call pushing the Russian agenda on NATO, illegally trying to instute a religious test for refugees and playing golf, productive.
Science denied, climate change denied, EPA gutted, streams poisoned, pipeline leaks hidden?  This is productive?
Personal data sold to the highest bidders, net neutrality threatened, massive bombs dropped, nuclear war threatened?  This is productive?
Children in handcuffs at airports, children in ICE detention centers, children's public TV shows unfunded?  This is productive?
Attacks on the First Amendment, attempt  to deny health care for millions, rolling back environmental protections?  This is productive?
Attacks on basic human rights, women, indigenous people, immigrants, Muslims, vets, children, tourists, allies?  This is productive?
You cannot be that delusional. And you shouldn't continue to assume that we don't know that.
"Ds" didn't block healthcare...GOP couldn't do it...smh... just stop
Please consider there are many of us here in Texas that are satisfied with our ACA.
You mean like the GOP did during Obamacare?  You really are a  #haveatownhall #yourlastterm
Are you really tying the once GOP to this pathetic administration? Good.
I saw on #CSPAN that hearings were held re: splitting up the 9th circuit. How about doing that on day 103, @realDonaldTrump?
And I think we all have some cheese to go with that whine after 8 years of unprecedented obstruction.
Rs control everything right now. I suggest u worry about your own house and do something, for example investigate #Trumprussia
You sir are a crook
Thats a joke right?
If you keep saying it; won't suddenly become true. The @GOP hold all control. As a conservative I suggest U get on with it and quit whining!
I know your party is very much familiar with obstruction .@JohnCornyn try harder to do the most good for the most people, can't just say #no
You have majorities in both the House and Senate. If you can't get anything done, look in the mirror.
You are as delusional as POTUS
I mean, uh......
Republicans did the same thing the last eight years. Don't be a whiner.
((Clears throat))
Ahem......
.......
I wish they worked with 45 as well as Republicans did with President Obama. Oh, wait........
Hmmmm....lie back on the couch,  tell me how do those delays and blocks make you feel?
Waaaa
Republicans control all 3 branches. U urself were agsinst the wall. Don't blame Democrats
Release trumps taxes 
Release the documents on Flynn
Country over PARTY @JohnCornyn  You shame Texas Liar. Crook. #TrumpRussia 
