I'm really excited for the new faces coming up in the D party such as @BetoORourke and @JoaquinCastrotx!
Yes! I want representation that listens to constituents and works for all.
@BetoORourke has been all over Texas already holding open forum meet and greets and most are on fb live.  He's in Midland tomorrow.
Oh, and Plainview and Amarillo tomorrow, with Lubbock on Sunday. What a schedule! He's definitely committed to this campaign
I love his accessibility to real people vs corporate donors. Like @ossoff!
does every post of yours read like a canned pr statement?
I can change it up, if you want: WOOHOO! #BetoForTX  Rock On He's amazing! He's great!  Big league WINNER!  Listens to people!
@purpledalmation @FreeBeacon -- Here! Here! John is right on !!
Republicans are evil, greedy, self serving hypocrites. Only held together by the rich who tell them what to do and think.
ah, the geobbels tactic of accusing your opponent of what you do yourself.
Don't worry, John. We'll let you know what we think of the job you've done in 2018. @realDonaldTrump has made TX 
Unfortunately, John isn't up for reelection until 2020. But we can get Cruz out in 2018!
My bad.  Noted. 
No biggie. We all wish it WAS 2018! 
Sounds like the GOP the last 8 years.
I've never been Dem & yet I will now vote for an old yellow dog if it has D after its name rather than vote R. Y'all put that monster in ofc
do you have an argument?  Or do you think the term "monster" is a replacement for an argument?
You're a relic. A leftover. A man who doesn't understand the people of his own state. Or even the reality of America today. Come on 2020!
what is "the reality of America today," besides a pre-memorized slogan you parrot without thought?
And you are an out of touch fool, I can't wait to support your opponent in 2020!!!
Reps are heading their fleas. have rudder locked to starboard.
Well - at least they are with the majority of the country on that? Have you seen your leader's approval ratings?
Wow short term memory loss. Only months ago you were joined in opposition to all things Obama.
Well, if you have to choose between 2 groups of ineffective legislators, might as well still vote for Trump opposition.
Kind of like Republicans the entire Obama Administration?  You still can't seem to pass legislation, only say "No"
But we are strong in passion, not paid and we are vocal voters in your districts!
And what are the Rs held together by? You have the majority, #POTUS , and you can't govern. All you ever had was opposition. #1st100days
Kinda like the Republicans during the Obama administrations, isn't it? You guys still can't get it together...
Yet you have the majority & are stuck on idle.   Guess that's from 8 years of just saying no. 
#partyofstupid
Ha! Nice try. You got mixed up again.
Aside from bills to benefit your owners, what have the R's done?
Things you should be focusing on - Trump Russia, horrible health care bills that hurt your constituents, North Korea threat
The Rs were/are only held together by their hatred/jealousy of Obama that they are still obsessed with. That and greed - of course.
Being held together by Trump & hatred for Obama isn't really an improvement.
and our determination to vote you out.
...and yet the bozos in the House still can't repeal the ACA. What's up with that?
dont care about the party. I care that my representative listens. 77096 here AGAIN #TownHall #listentoyourconstituents
Winning was easy, young man. Governing's harder.
Pretty strong glue though.
If R tax plan passes, anyone making over 100k will form S-Corp and pay 15%. How did that work for kansas?
Held together by our disdain for the corrupt fascist POS GOP
So John, are you saying that Trump was the GOP leader for the last 8 years?  Yeah, didn't think so.
Please get checked for dementia, you have obviously forgotten sitting on your ass for 8 years.
The Republicans have leaders, but they are pathetic!
This should read  "Americans" not "Democrats". Good to know exactly how partisan our representatives are though. #2020
And the republicans are the opposite?
So you're saying the Democrats are only held together by their opposition to evil and idiocy?  Sick burn, Senator.
This is not the Democratic version of Republicans vs Obama. Democrats actually know how to lead.
The @EPA removed their climate change page. You confirmed @EPAScottPruitt  & @BetsyDeVos I'm so disappointed in you for this
How about you quit focusing on Democrats and lead?
Senator there r constituents that your also rep that do have a totally different point of view. Perhaps maybe just pretend u care for them.
Yup, the S.S. Demokraut should have been decommissioned decades ago.
LOL, THATS GOOD!
Thanks. 
Not so much. #waituntil2018
Just like 
I'm not sure I understand the attack.  GOP has the WH and congress. Why can't you guys get things done?  2020 is coming.
and the gop is unable to govern....@POTUS only success by executive order and SCOTUS appointment....no leg on hcare, immig, tax...F
and you, kept by your ... shoot...i honestly don't know? i thought of you once as a smarter, more individualistic politician. how wrong i wa
Dude,  you guys control most state as well as all of federal government, plus right lean scotus and you have almost nothing to show for it.
This is Hilarious! You are out of touch with your constituents and proving to be just as immature as @realDonaldTrump.
And the GOP can't pass one piece of legislation while you have house & senate & White House. The Dems are leaderless but GOP is useless
Actually, we're also held together with the desire to vote you and Cruz out!
So SAD BUT TRUE
You're in office to serve ALL Texans- Democrats, Republicans,& Independents. How Do Tweets like this help Texans?
Sounds like the R party when Obama was president doesn't it Senator.  DC politicians have no shame what so ever.  America deserves better.
At least we are not bound to continually screwing over the low and middle classes as your party.
Yet, you can't stop obsessing about them long enough to do your job.  Stop blaming.  Stop name calling.  Start working for the people of TX
And Republicans are still held together by the swamp muck and dark money. Not to mention jockeying for favor with an unstable president.
Repubs have house & senate & still can't pass legislation, never seen lame duck start so soon in a presidency
You do realize that your use of social media & form letters do not count as staying in touch w/constituents? Coward. When is Town Hall?
LOL!  Keep taking yourself that!
Seriously? Would laugh if I didn't find that statement so offensive.  Stop treating us like we're stupid! 
You do realize that your use of social media & form letters do not count as staying in touch w/constituents? Coward. When is Town Hall?
Pot: "Hello, Kettle? You're black."
Thanks for working so hard to represent ALL your constituents, Rep, Dem, and Ind.
U r divisive and a poor leader when u alienate ur constituents with these tweets.
Haha, democrats are such losers. I bet they aren't even willing to host town hall meetings.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know is your name masked in investigation
Nope, we oppose you too and anyone else who want to take us back to the dark ages
Pretty rich of you, coming from the party who had 2 terms to come up with a response to Obamacare, but sure as hell tried to repeal it.
republicans have the power and still nothing gets done try working for the people not the party. #100daysofshame
The senate is leaderless with a man like you at the helm
Really dumb statement, john. How about work together for the good of the country.? I know it's a novel approach but worth a try, yes?
Sounds like a great tweet from our Senator who only trolls his Twitter followers. YOU have definitely lost my vote forever
Let's see, GOP controls all 3 branches of government, completely fails to get anything done. Please, do go on — I can't wait to hear more.
This just highlights your utter lack of leadership skill. 2020 can’t get here soon enough. #CornynTheCimmerian
And the GOP with WH and majorities IN BOTH HOUSES OF CONGRESS can't get shit done. Thwarted by the leaderless? How bad does that make you?
Look in a mirror! Same could be said about the @POTUS and whatever the @GOP is. Sad!
They are an obstacle to solving Our Republic's challenges! Unite in both Houses and get the work done 
Yup, it's that simple for a simpleton. R's on the other hand, with both houses of congress and WH, can't find their ass with both hands.
Every day a new EO that will distroy the planet, harm people, end services that protect chdrn & elderly makes little time except to resist!
Being a Dem is like prison. Follow the culture or end up in solitary confinement. Or worse. Can be fatal.
Honestly John, every day they are fighting off  the bad healthcare bill, bad EOs, cuts to #epa, selling of NPs for drilling!
I've not seen one comment of support for you...SAD! U need 2 realize you are the problem
Like republicans were held together by hatred of Obama for eight years. Forgot about that have you?
YOU are rudderless, led by a crazy man. I was Republican until Trump; voted for you. Never again! I'll be donating to your opponent in 2020
At least we didn't sell our country out to the Russians to get in office the GOP is complicit to treason.
Republicans are greedy, selfish and willing to let Americans suffer & die for their own self gain all to support #trump #TownHall #lastterm
And the two Senators from Texas continue to ignore their constituents and do what is best for Texas. put your energy in care for us.
You are showing no concern for a swamp enriching tax cut that will ad 3 trillion to deficit! Where is your fiscal respnblty? #TownHall
That is all they need! Vote this traitor out of office! This tweet shows how STUPID john is!
Senator, your party is doing a great job running our country onto the rocks.
At 87 likes and 187 replies in anger, please pull your head out! Quit this partisan rhetoric! You are  the problem instead of solution!
... while the Republicans are sheep allowing their shepherd (Trump) to lead them over a cliff.
Now if you guys could just get your $h*t together
What are you going to do with all your free time in 2020?
Wait, you mean like the Republicans who only knew how to obstruct Obama and not actually legislate? You have power, what are you afraid of?
Oh no old man.  We are held together by opposition to crazy.  Trump is stupid.  You and your team are mean.  Way scarier
need a time machine to back 8 yrs? what did u & Repubs do?
When are any of you going to grow up? You all sound like little children fighting on a playground or over the water fountain. GROW UP!!
oh yeah? I'm your constitute, clearly we also need to be banded together in opposition to you
Hey John! It's not just Trump that is uniting Democrats...
Hey John! There are many Democrats united in their frustration that climate change is being ignored in favor of big business
What have you done besides sell your constituents privacy for telecom donations after 8 years of obstruction? #partyovercountry
Hey John! There are many Democrats that are united in their frustration that Rep leadership pushed unqualified nominees into cabinet slots
At least we are not being led by a ruthless orange orangutan 
Hey John! There are many Democrats that are united in their frustration that Rep leadership is working to deny Americans health insurance
It sure looks that way. Can't lead with hate. It will consume you as it has the Dems.
Hey John! There are many Democrats that are united in their frustration that Republican leadership is complicit in Trump Russia coverup!
Hey John! There are many Democrats that are united in their frustration that Republican leaders seem to only be looking out for big donors!
Hey John! There are many Democrats that are united in their frustration that you refuse to meet with your constituency...
Sounds like a party I know.
R's are held together by your utter disdains for women and people of color. Proud to be a progressive D #resist
Whiney John. Just substitute Republicans for Democrats and I'll give you a big thumbs up.
Senator, Name Calling is JUVENILE. When are you going to GROW UP & start REPRESENTING “US” like an ADULT? WE are tired of your PARTISANISM!
The same can be said about you and Republicans.
The Dems don't have House, Senate & WH. The Republicans do & they still can't get their "agenda" passed. How is #Trumprussia investigation?
Is this what your job is? Attack the opposition party?  Seems to be your method when reviewing your timeline. Photo ops and dems.  #LastTerm
Dems & Libs, along w/ a few Repubs w/ Character believe @realDonaldTrump w/complicit Repubs R the Greatest threat security & democracy!!!
That's rich. Same could be said for the Republicans during the Obama administration.
Republicans are leaderless, rudderless, held together only by hating half of America. (And greed, I think.)
Ugh. Why are you like this?
and the Republicans can't get anything done even though they control all branches of government!
Does politicking make you sleep better at night?  Because Russia and N Korea sort of seem more important to me.
So what is it that you're doing to represent all your constituents?  Notice Dem bashing is on your agenda.  BTW, you represent all Texans.
Amazing what securing the border can accomplish. See Poland.
You realize you have Dems in your district that you represent, right? No need to post things like this. Try to at least pretend you rep all.
R's are leaderless too! One is not a leader if others aren't following. How's that healthcare thing going?
This is not useful to the people of Texas.
Projection much?
@gop has house, sen &WH and no maj leg passed in the first 100 days. Like I tell my kids-Worry bout yoself! #resist
Deflection at its finest John.
Let's see. You've got the House, Senate and White House .... and you've done nothing. Stop deflecting and start being accountable.
Count on you to tweet hits at Democrats instead of insisting that POTUS stop trying to force symbolic gestures upon us instead of leading
You control all 3 branches of government and can't get anything done. Maybe some self evaluation instead of partisan bitching would be nice.
you do know some of your constituents are democrats, right??
Correction Jobn: Republicans are also leaderless. You have House, Senate and Trump but nothing gets done.
I think u r going 2 find that opposition to Trump is pretty powerful glue to hold people together. U r ending ur career in a slide. Sad!
Don't bet on it
What substantive legislation has the GOP accomplished in this 100 days? You're held together only opposition to Obama
You have got to be kidding me.
i guess we'll see come #2018 #2020 as long as Republicans can stop gerrymandering
#leaderless #liketheGOP #opposition to #Obama #fixated#on#failure?
Your leader in the WH is a lying, cheating, sexual predator owned by Russian. You must be so proud.
And you cannot do your fucking job because you are constantly whining about democrats and shit that does not matter at all
Sorta like the GOP is clueless, rudderless, & held together by opposition to Obama. 
Trying to deflect from the egregious harm you're trying to inflict on your constituents?  Won't work Sparky
That's a very strange way to explain the concept of being unified; but if it makes you feel better during your last time in office, fine!
You're embarrassing yourself and the state of Texas, #Feckless John. Do better. Listen to constituents. Hold a town hall. #Impeach45 #Resist
Stop name calling and blaming and do your job.  Democrats are going to stand their ground just like Republicans did.  Work with them
Another troll by the lame Twitter admin. If John is actually tweeting this crap he's even more of a loser than I thought.  Do your job John!
@continetti They got a leader a Nazi named George Soros he owns the democrats and uses them to destroy country .
Retire old man.
Pretty sure that's your party John. Trump isn't even a Republican and your party didn't want him. You're no leader and neither is Ryan. #sad
Days John Cornyn wasn't an embarrassment to Texas...0. Republicans run on pure greed and hatred of Democrats. Pot...meet kettle.
Same was said about the revolutionaries in early 1700, except it was opposition to the King George 3. GOP has no sense of common man's anger
Texas is leaderless. We are becoming a 3rd world state. Education, healthcare and unemployment,to name a few, and we have R's. What you do?
For someone who is supposed to be a leader, you spend way too much time pointing your finger at others.
Leaderless? You're in charge. Why has nothing happened? When you disavow Trump, I'll listen. Stop blaming Dems for your failures.
And the Repub are not any better. There are to many Republ leaders who are really Demo but there are not any Demo that are really Republicns
And another childish tweet from our Senator. You are  turning into Trump. Do something constructive with your time.
Cornyn,I voted for u and right now I put you as one who has a leader,Trump, but u won't follow.100 days and what?
Interesting when the Republicans can't even organize their party to discuss healthcare let alone agree.
A lot of people, not just Democrats, are united in opposition to Trump. We're the majority of Americans. You should join us!
So glad I added @botresist 2 my daily activities. U don't listen 2 ur constituents here, but I'll make my voice heard n anyway I can.
What's the GOP held together by?  Blind loyalty to party over country.
also, unlike GOP, Dems want immigration reform & path to citizenship as opposed to goons rounding up people, putting in concentration camps
Quit slinging mud. There is a reason our founding fathers worried about political parties. You are exhibit A. #doyourjob
You must be looking in the mirror? Because those words sounds familiar about the @GOP the last 8 years
Also, you guys have everything. EVERYTHING. If there is a rudderless ship...need to look in the mirror. Easy to oppose, difficult to lead.
Republicans have a madman in the White House and are the most dangerous, inhumane party in history, bent on killing us all.
Comments to your tweets should make it clear to you that you and the GOP are an embarrassment.
I have a very difficult time listening to members of the GOP complain about Dems being oppositional. 8 years during Obama. Remember that?
If you call what you Pubs are doing leadership then you ought to tune in an pay attention.  You control everything and nothing gets done.
Seriously The REPULICIANS better get their act together. 2018  just around the corner. Are you guys trying to lose your majority
and the only consistent philosophy of Repub's is opposition to what liberals want, updated daily.
So nothing going right for #trump has anything to do either #Democrats so it's all on #repubs. Every failure is due to #trumpfail #repubfail
Please quit tweeting and have a town hall #yourlastterm
The GOP controls the House, Senate and White House, but you've done nothing. Looks like that opposition is working.
Don't underestimate that opposition.
You're citing a conspiracy rag again, John.
And the GOP is held together by their shared dislike of Obama? What have you accomplished so far?
Oh dude stop being a kool aid drinker! Repubes have the house, Senate and WH you can get a damn thing done!
Please tweet function of Majority Whip in Senate. Then, tweet schedule of town hall mtgs in Texas. Next, tweet your legislative agenda. Now.
better to have no leader than @realDonaldTrump. Seriously.
GOP is leaderless, rudderless, lead by nepotism, fraud, emoulements, & high crimes & misdemeanors. Nothing new from obstructionism 2 fraud.
Change the subject.  Good move
Cool story, Senator.
"The Democrats are leaderless, rudderless, held together only by opposition to Treason." Fixed that for you.
Wow. What good does this do for anyone.  Where is the 100 million dollars that was donated for the Trump inaugural Not all of it was spent!
Trump Russia independent investigate
At least the Obama administration could be trusted to have a functioning State Department. Trump has no diplomacy. At multiple levels.
Reminder Republicans have the POTUS, the Senate and the House. And you threaten to shut down govt? Go in timeout!
Do you have any original or constructive ideas? All you talk about are the Ds.
