Repeal first !!!!!!
Under the Affordable Care Act more than 1.2 million Texans got covered for 2017, and 83% of them got subsidies. @KaiserFamFound
Is he purposely trying to hurt Texans?
There's no doubt the BCRA or AHCA w/or w/out @tedcruz amdmt will hurt Texans. Millions will lose pvt. insurance and Medicaid.
But you REFUSE to notice that they will be getting coverage again CHEAPER. Where is loss?
Can you get coverage cheaper than Medicaid? Not in Texas no expansion here.  77015
You get a plan YOU can afford YOURSELF. Point is to reduce load on taxpayers.
So those who could not afford insurance before the ACA can get insurance they cannot afford ?

Your logic is astounding
Then FORCE the insurance companies to cover what they charge premiums 4 & allow MULTIPLE companies to sell, COMPETE=LOWER premiums
And your plan gives them the "freedom" to die from preventable conditions if they can't afford coverage or treatment?
You need a #betterway
Nah, they just have to bootstrap their way back to health.
That was put in place by republicans.
Is there a penalty for not having car insurance in Texas?
Can you just stop lying about this one day? For many the reason wasn't that they didn't want insurance some couldn't afford it.
Fix Affordable Care.
It's the suction of your lips on 45's booty that is going to take you down with him. Sad!
Are you purposefully misleading and dishonest, or totally inept at your job and don't know what's going on?
#Texas has nothing to brag about regarding health care. Appalling outcomes, lack of access. Largely thanks to you and your #GOP cronies.
That is how insurance works.  If people don't pay only the sick will have and the program will implode.
so 7yrs + months now, you still have not got a H bill that covers what Americans are telling you they want, have you?
But i had healthcare
And?
Maybe consider expanding Medicaid. It worked for all the blue states.
Under #MedicareForAll no one would have to worry about penalties.
Under your terrible bill more Texans will suffer and DIE. Seniors, disabled, poor people will suffer JOHN. You are condemning people TRAITOR
I guess you prefer forcing hospitals to finance emergency services for those with out ins.  Talk about hypocrisy!
And they should.... I have to pay penalty in TX for driving without insurance
How about we Texans get the same insurance you get Senator? Would this solve the problem?
Under your plan over 3 million will be worse off than before ACA was signed into law.
Hey John just repeal the damn Obamacare like you know the majority wants.  It's really simple
Their choice.  Nothing for nothing.  And nothing for those in need.
Under GOPcare, more than 2 million Texans will lose their healthcare coverage completely.  Your selective "facts" are being dishonest again.
forget about it, dump trump
That was the Republicans fault.
Well we do "boast" the largest percentage, and actual number, of uninsured citizens. Lack of Medicaid expansion and other factors make that.
We also have the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world.
That will fall on deaf ears for sure. These rich white men show no sign that women's health matters to them.
So you're proud to say that over 1 million people in Texas go without insurance so donors will contribute to your campaign? GO GOP!!
We already paying! ER centers in county hospitals.Newsflash: everyone is aging, organs will fail- ER must treat. Proactive not reactive.
Give up john.  You are ruining the lives of texans.
Perhaps because Texas didn't expand Medicaid?!
Your're a loser #JohnCornyn. You have become completely irrelevant in the eyes of Texans. You are completely useless. 
Please resign.
Some evil fuckers blocked Medicaid expansion
So what u going to do about it.Stand behind McConnell and smile.Grow a pair.Only difference between Mc and Reid. Mc lierToday's Republican
You do not represent my state! Ashamed of you and your hateful partisan legislating

So that's about 5%.
10% more enrolled for 2017 v 2016.

How many will lose care under your no care healthcare plan?
Penalty for letting all the rest of us Texans foot the emergency room bill because they were to cheap to pay for insurance.
6.5M paid the fine in the whole country. How can 1 in 6.5 be Texans? Your data doesn't make sense. Of course, #BCRA is a tax cut for rich.
Senator, you do realize you're not in the opposition party any longer, right? You have a chance to improve ACA but instead you're killing it
FULL REPEAL!!!  No Obamacare taxes!!! Standing with Rand!!!
Dear John, 
You're still missing the point. WE DO NOT WANT repeal & replace. We just want REPEAL. Bring down Obamacare. @GOP @AWRHawkins

To be clear: new #Trumpcare deems maternity care, mental health treatment and Rx drugs as essential for Congress but not rest of Americans. https://twitter.com/sarahkliff/status/885575745191497732 …
Right in line with the state having the largest # of uninsured in the US. And you are good by to make it worse
The ACA certainly has challenges but what you're proposing is worse. Fix the ACA. #turncongressblue
So fix it senator or we'll find someone who can. #turntexasblue
Bad policy and grammar, too.
Under Texas GOP no exchanges were established & no medicaid expansion.  Start tweeting whole story, not simple statements.
And we pay for their healthcare when they get sick and can afford their care.
Your bill subsidies the Insurance companies by taxing the Middle Class
How many got covered and didn't pay the penalty? That is the important point. I don't want to pay for unprepared people who aren't covered.
How about #nomandates
under the dumpster fire, miss a payment no insurance for 6 months!
nothing wrong w/ requiring people to have personal responsibility. GOP used to stand for that until Obama required it. Hypocrit!
Under your new plan the cost of insurance for older Americans increases.  I am already paying over $500 per month for basic Medicare.
Since the individual mandate was a Republican idea to have people invest in their health, why are you so opposed?
Had the state expanded medicaid we would have more folks insured and our taxes to the medical district would be lower.
Sigh. The point of the mandate is that no one chooses when to have catastrophic illness. No ins=Texans pay for the care.
Seriously? You're a freaking joke

 Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out: 
We are getting all clansman out of office.this is a new http://generation.you  all been stealing all yall life
Your no good either
They chose to pay the penalty versus buy instance.  Right?
And under your Treasoncare healthcare bill, millions will die and your rich cronies will get richer.  Shame on you.
How many millions with pre-existing conditions were able to get insurance under the ACA?
Know who's ok with making everyone contribute to healthcare? Jesus Christ. Too bad you don't know him.
Boo-hoo. Everyone pays for Social Security. Bet you'd like to leave that up to choice, too, and wreck the system.
"an individual". And it is unfortunate. But only those who chose not to have healthcare and had enough taxable income to have a penalty.
So they will still be uninsured. Awesome. Hospitals and doctors love not getting paid.
"Under Obamacare more than a million Texans paid an individual mandate tax penalty."
Try to use good grammar, please.  Seeing this mistake shakes my faith in your intelligence and education.
New Trumpcare bill will actually destabilize ins mkts & make older Americans and those with pre-existing cond be priced out of mkt.
& that helps everyone be healthier & in the end it is justified to help one another -
What happen to GOP principles around personal responsibility.  Yes, there s/b individual mandate.  I don't want to pay for your emergency rm
How about showing these facts to @GeneGreen29 so he can stop his lies, scare tactics and BS.
That many Texans have to rely on others to pay for their medical emergencies.
That proves you & @SenTedCruz are poorly running our state & aren't ensuring healthcare for all #keepACA #noTrumpcare
How many
Received treatment?
Would've been covered under expanded Medicaid?
Were eligible for exemptions to the penalty and didn't apply?
And they should if they didn't have insurance!!!!!  Otherwise people use ERs for medical care!!!!!
So your plan #BCRA allows less coverage with less assistance and for more money? Wow, really knocking it outta the park there John.

OK, how much money was paid?  Want details on your plan plz.
Under Trump, we're all screwed. And had better learn to speak Russian. Thanks for protecting your constituents Corndog.
I will make it my mission in TX to make sure you and @tedcruz lose your jobs if you permit denial of coverage to pre-existing conditions.
If ACA is so bad, why did the Senate opt to keep key provisions themselves while stripping them from everyone else?
New Senate health bill has exemption for Congress's own health coverage. https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/policy-and-politics/2017/7/13/15966034/senate-republicans-exemption …
We can not legislate healthcare. Sometimes bad things happen to good people. That's why we have faith based and community charities
In cooperation with healthcare providers, Insurance companies have been screwing the tax paying public for decades. Enough!
Cornyn is willing to throw millions of cancer stricken or diabetic children under the bus to eliminate people paying a tax penalty? Sad
How many students and young adults were saved from bankruptcy or worse because they were eligible for coverage with their parents?
I guess Texans don't pay their fair share and used Medicaid for their care. Not something to glistening about.
How many were prevented from dying because they were eligible for coverage due to elimination of pre-existing condition barrier?
Priority 1, should be the American people. Not the insurance companies. They will survive without the billion dollar bail out from us
Maybe they should have bought insurance then.
That's good news. Just like car insurance - if everyone was insured, it would cost less!
Why do u lie so much?
The Senate had better repeal, then return insurance to the free market. Many veteran senators will be replaced if not
Wait I believe they chose to pay the penalty.  You are a hypocrite! Have a in person town hall.
#cowardcornyn
Universal Single Payer Healthcare will fix that.
And Texas turned down Medicaid funds you forgot to mention that. And now you are willing to screw seniors, women and baby boomers.
they should have gotten insurance
Under new bill preexisting is removed!? Are you insane!!
Texas should expand Medicaid.  Have you read this yet? https://www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2017/07/10/obamacare-marketplaces-just-had-their-most-profitable-first-quarter-ever/ …
I think it's time to give up your plan and with with the Dems to fix the ACA.  Do what's best for your constituents.  Country over Party.
$695.00 charge is a lot cheaper than one visit to ER in most cases.
Maybe if TX gad expanded Medicaid they wouldn't have had to pay. All bec of Rs vendetta vs. 44 & anything he did.
Under GOP Wealthcare, billionaires get $700 million in tax breaks. Are YOU a billionaire? No soup for you then!
That's about 3.7%....
Rightly so.  Irresponsible not to have insurance.  Now few will be able to afford it. "Better Care" - I'd say not! #SAVEACA
What do doctors and hospitals say?  What will this do to rural healthcare?  Rural employment?  Patriots care for each other.
let's take care of sick kids, elders. Let's fix maternal mortality. Stop framing it selfishly, as a penalty. It's citizenship.
Interesting concept here:  patriotism = looking out for each other, not yourself. It's not "penalty" but taking care each other.
where are you getting these numbers?
Under #CornynHole representation, more than 27 million Texans were misled and paid a state-wide street cred penalty
I did not nor did any other Texan who understands that you cannot place your bet after the wheel stops on your number.
And Texas refused government funds to help aid Social Security for people like mom with a disability
Vote no on that ridiculous "healthcare" bill. This texan is tired of you and @tedcruz TIME TO GO
No bailout
Healthcare is a human right not a privilege for the rich!
