Why again do I "have" to buy car insurance to drive inTX even though I've not had a wreck, a ticket, or hail damage in 30 years
Not a good deal; paying hospital bill is an even worse deal. The insurers have all the power. The system is broke, and you're worsening it.
I'm sure you and the all male Senate Republican panel will fix everything.
that's not the way it works senator. you know it and i know it. this guy, i swear lol.
it's not that simple, not that cut and dried.
But now we have to play the hand we r dealt.... pass something, anything to stop OC from doing anymore damage. It can be fine tuned later.
OMG! So like... universal healthcare... right????
True... if I had my way, I'd want it to be like car insurance...only need for catastrophic medical issues. Thats the way it used to be!
Easy to say when you don't have to pay for yours. But we have to pay for u and us?!
Then don't give us this ridiculous bill. It is by far worse than ACA. Speaking of which, have you actually read it?
That's a stupid statement. Are you really that clueless?
Then why don't you reform it?
Reason to NOT gut Medicaid w/ this new shit sandwich called AHCA.
Twitter lesson#1- When comments exceed your likes, you are a fuck up 
Then hold a town hall meeting sir and explain how this bill is so superior. You won't because you can't justify it.
Do you enjoy sounding ignorant? Fix what is broken not make it worse. First learn how insurance works. Yeesh.
Not even ignorant youth?
We're forced to buy car insurance.
If you took out the profit motive & went to #MedicareForAll it would benefit everyone, except for your donors that it. #BoughtOff
If food were really so important to people then no one would be starving. Another moronic statement courtesy Cornyn.
then why are we forced to buy car insurance? Flood insurance? Hail/windstorm? House?
What a stupid remark. Is auto insurance a bad deal too? @JohnCornyn should be smarter than this. It's a matter of personal responsibility.
Like car insurance, right? Or homeowners' insurance? Or business liability insurance? Yup. Totally makes sense.
Like Car Insurance. Oops! Mandatory for a license. Like Homeowners. Oops! Mandatory for a mortgage. Workers Comp. Oops! Mandatory. Hmmm...
Do you understand anything about insurance? Car ins--th discussion isn't  is it a "good deal" you r required to buy it. You're not this dumb
Why are we all forced to buy car insurance? To keep premiums reasonable for all. You are not too bright.
Who provides your health insurance? Is there any chance your constituents could get a taste of your sweet deal?
Single payer.
Can you even SAY single-payer healthcare system?
No, if GOP didn't lie about it, peopleWOULD buy it. You millionaires simply don't want to contribute! Liars one and all!
You know as well as I do that insurance works by spreading risk. People who won't make claims have to be in to cover those that need to.
Insurance is a product . If they want me to buy their product they should have to work for it. I should not be made to buy. Protect only..
so car insurance is an option?
You mean like car insurance? Or the fire insurance that your mortgage holder insists you buy? Do you even hear yourself?
If Rs could hear themselves we'd have healthcare
People need to be able to afford it. It is not a choice, it is a RIGHT!
If seat belts were a good idea, if discrimination was a good idea, if speeding was a good idea. Your little quips from WSJ prove U R coward
GoFundMe should not be our primary healthcare provider, Johnny. I am sure Castro will do better when he takes your seat in 2020.
What @HouseGOP voted on without #CBO score is poop that @SenateFloor has to clean/do-over
Zero accomplished pissed off peeps
#AHCA
#Wreck
The problem is that you treat healthcare as a product. If you do so, it WILL be seen as a luxury item for many. They won't buy w/o mandate.
And a major problem w/ treating HC as a product is that it does not have a market that functions on its own as markets should.
Can't price-shop your Epi-pens and appendix removals. You buy the Epi-pen b/c you have no choice. You go to any hospital the amb drives to.
When it's not a functioning market on its own, regulation of some kind is required. In this case, substantial regulation.
You need to stop viewing HC as a normal market with policies as products. Start treating it as you do natl defense. A necessary public good.
name one country where free market, for profit healthcare works.
is that why auto insurance is mandated? If it is a good deal you wouldn't have to, right? You are a liar and a fraud!
what? That doesn't even make sense. Brain. Use it.
The only real solution is a Single Payer National Health Service.  Like civilized nations have.
If a retirement plan were a good idea, nobody would need to be forced to make contributions. Wait...
What a stupid question from a US Senator! Senility setting in.
Texas Republicans cans first and only priority is to businesses net profits. Shameful
Like car insurance everyone is forced to buy? Shut up already
The young usually think they are immune to illness and injury. Has nothing to do with judgement and u should know that @JohnCornyn
That's a stupid stmt. Ask ins co's 2 take a lower % of earnings & lower CEO's pay. Demand drug co's lower drug prices!
10 yrs ago, while waiting 60 days for her insurance to kick in at Harris Co. DA, my 7 months pregnant sister was diagnosed w\Stage 4 brain..
cancer. She survived, although it cost us over $200K, which we were fortunate enough to be able to pay by liquidating all our savings &...
Me: if @JohnCornyn wasn't such and A-hole, nobody would have to put up with his idiocy.
Then, if paying taxes is a good deal, why am I forced to do that?
No.
senator Cornyn... pls..just go to universal insurance & congress can stop the arguing & work on infrastructure 
If you had morals, we'd not be forced to defend our worth to you. Skip the "let me explain" tweets. You aren't fooling anyone!
Insurance is a bad deal by definition. If it were a good deal, the insurers would be bankrupt. It's a bet. Someone has to lose.
Then do single payer healthcare and save us the excuse tweets to defend GOP immoral. Good Christians don't allow their neighbors to suffer
Bless ur heart.
Quit allowing food companies & other companies from poisoning us & we might not need it desperately
huh? how can you say this w/straight face?  huh?  smh with disbelief... and car insurance that's required by law... house insurance?
Yes. Health ins has been out of control for quite some time now. It is completely out of reach for low income earners & makes the m-c poor
are you serious?!   If car or home insurance was such a good deal, I still wouldn't buy it if I didn't have to.
Do you even understand how insurance works?
John, now thats just a downright silly comment. If Taxes were such a good deal......fill in the blanks.@txlege give us an original thought
Single Payer then?
Take the insurance companies out of the equation HR676
You mean like obama forced everyone to buy ocare
Right, because people always make logical decisions. Like, voting for you, Trump, etc.
No, everyone would love to have health insurance, but people can't afford it. I know that is completely foreign to you.
What about YOUR insurance, Mr. Cornyn?From what I read, our US Congress has given itself quite the sweet deal, or is that fake news, too?
You have a fundamental misunderstanding of what health insurance is, what it does and how it works. Please stop.
They also shouldn't be punished for lapse in coverage.
So single payer then?  Because insurance is a risk based system...as with car insurance...it works by having EVERYONE in the system.
Cmon Sen Cornyn - people don't buy health insurance because it's a 'good buy'. We buy it to avoid catastrophe or bankruptcy.
Just like car insurance right?  And home owner's insurance, renters insurance?
U should just stop tweeting....NOW!
False logic. You do understand that the point is to get all on a plan so they don't go to emergency rooms and cost taxpayers more? Right?
, actual news:
Are you serious with this?
.@JohnCornyn it's important to note you're quoting an OpEd, NOT news. Same author's written pieces denying climate science. #opinionnotfact
You don't make sense humans need help if you know what that means just make it a single Payer it's cheaper and less confusing
@JohnCornyn is the worst kind of elected official. Creates division and puts party over country.He's #complicit and obstructing #Trumprussia
You're lucky the taxpayers, even taxpayers you just uninsured, pay for your executive coverage so you don't have to worry about costs.
Is it fu*king 2020 yet?!?URa yuuuggge, complete &  embarrassing failure! IfUdon't get swept up with the #TrumpRussia bcuzURcomplicit, 2020!
I'm your constituent and I want universal health care! We've got to take care of each other, senator. Why is your party against that??
You don't buy Insurance because it's a good deal you buy insurance to share the risk when something bad happens Single payer for all.
So can we stop buying car insurance too? It is required by all states
If they can afford it..You left off the most important part: food, rent, utilities OR insurance...hum, what would you choose?
Hold town halls and we constituents will tell you how crucial universal health care is.
Seriously questionable statement from someone that is supposed to be "fixing" insurance.

That was a stupid remark, John. Obviously you have not had a need for good insurance, but someday you will understand all.
If your public service record is so stellar, why force us to pay your salary through taxes?
Dumbest thing I ever heard
If Republicans were useful & honest, voters wouldn't be getting rid of them en masse in 2018!
Do you and your staff and family members have health insurance? An ER visit every time someone gets a cold w/o insurance sounds better?
He's behaving this way because he isn't up for re-election next year. @tedcruz, on the other hand is up for re-election.
True, but GOP has no interest in a good deal for anyone other than insurance companies and the rich
why can auto insurance be required, but not health insurance?
No one likes to buy insurance but responsible people do. It's there if you need it. You hope you never do.
DEMOCRATS' LIARS lie about 20 million lose health insurance under OBAMACARE. Not that many even covered by it.   http://bit.ly/2jb7UFQ 
Remember when DEMOCRAT SENATOR Reid BRIBED democrats to vote for Obamacare by using BILLIONS of taxpayers $$s?
Insurance is the law of large numbers and profiting from our risk intolerance. Bad deal -> no buyers -> US self-insures -> expand medicare.
Care to explain what you're doing to make it a good deal for every American?  I'd love to discuss this at a #TownHall w other issues.
That is a dumb argument. We are not forced to buy it because the government tells us to, but because we need it for our heath, and helps us.
You are starting to lie as much as Trump..hmm. Proves you are a trump puppet and can't think for yourself or represent us!
This may be the most inane your boy Murdoch has ever had printed in the Journal. No insurance is a good deal until you need it.
We shouldn't have to buy it. It should be provided by our government. Healthcare for profit is barbaric.
Why do you think states like TX need steep punishments for failure to carry car insurance?
seriously???
Ridiculous justification from, of all things, a "law maker". This,is one thing that you are clearly, no scholar of.  Next town hall?
Thank you, Senator!
Might be fun and games for you, but it's life and death for Americans.
By any metric, how does the house bill address this? Current bill does nothing to fix underlying problems of the ACA. Have you no decency?
So you're making the argument for single-payer?  Nice!
Other insurances work because not everyone uses it, so it can support payouts + profit, but everyone will use healthcare at some point.
Like car insurance?
Insurance co's only care about there bottom line not whats right.  They will get out of paying if can.  Happened to me.  Constituent
And that's why we need Medicare for all. Have a town hall to discuss? #yourlastterm
This statement is poorly considered. The government forces everyone to do many things that are beneficial to us. #RepealAndReplace
So why am I forced to buy car insurance again?
WUUUUUUUUUT? So you should prolly just drop your policy then. Free yourself John. Do it!
Why are we forced to buy auto insurance? Or hazard insurance for our homes?
This is bad argument. See: "car insurance"
People probably wouldn't buy car insurance either and yet, we think it's a good idea.
If taxes are a good deal, I shouldn't be forced to pay them.
If you only had a brain! This coming from someone with TAX PAYER INSURANCE!!!!
Health "Care" (which we have turned over to the insurance industry) is a basic human need (like air, water, food . . .) not a "deal" #AHCA
Cornyn rules!
Hmmmm, when given the choice, how many of the rich and famous go to single payer countries for their services?
If consumers had full access to health care providers, we likely wouldn't need insurance except for catastrophic coverage.
If Trumpcare is so good, why are you exempt?
Hey John! If my grandmother had wheels we'd call her a bicycle.
So are you suggesting single payer? Your supreme leader said Australia has the best healthcare..perhaps we should join other 1st  countries
Only true 4 people who fully understand (& can face) their health/safety risks, instead of whistling in the dark abiut their own mortality
Problem: humans don't think well long term. It's why the EPA exists. We don't factor in the risks of catastrophe we'll, especially the young
Insurance is pooled risk. The sick are a small minority. It costs less or the healthy to pay a bit more than the sick to cover their costs.
We need single payor
Republican Insurance Plan = R.I.P.
And if it's a bad deal no one will be able to buy it.
If you didn't make car insurance mandatory many people wouldn't get it either.  Not smart, in fact stupid idea.  Stop lying.
Take a look at the French system. Works very well.
Insurance is never a good deal due 2 overhead cost of private insurance co. Single payer govt. insurance is the only logical way
3/2 Mandate does not equate to single payer. See Switzerland for ex.  We are currently in death spiral to single payer.  Inscos are the prob
: why R U defensive?  Prob might be insurance profits? Or maybe this is $$-making distraction from Flynn-Russians-Trump-???
Not true, 22 yr old making $15 dollars an hour in perfect health will not spend any discretionary $ on insurance, a good call based on odds
2/2 Mandate is conservative.  We ALL consume healthcare.  Mandate eliminates free riders.  It was a good idea until Dems proposed it.
1/2 Said the man in the ivory tower.  Risk to the young and healthy is low but rates don't reflect that, so many can't reasonably afford it.
It shouldn't be a "deal" at all... it should be a right. Like you have.
hey John, here's another opinion for you.
Why is Obamacare failing?  Answer: Donald Trump http://wapo.st/2pPLlfj?tid=ss_tw …
Precisely. It is a lousy deal because it is a lousy system. Fix it why don't you?
I'm paying almost $70 a month for insurance that has a $3000 deductible.  Which means if I really NEED it, I can't AFFORD it.
Hello, missing the point.  It isn't that Obamacare is bad (and really, it's not great!), it's that insurance isn't worth it for many.
#SinglePayer takes care of that. Taking care of everyone is an American value, though maybe not a @GOP value anymore.
Like how we don't force people to buy car insurance for the greater good?
Well that's unsurprisingly dumb and completely misses the point.
If car insurance is so good, nobody would need to be forced to do it.
If background checks for gun sales were so great, we wouldn't need to require gun sellers to do them.
If education is such a good deal, we wouldn't need to require it or force people to support it with taxes.
Am I getting across why this argument is so stupid?
Before that law 60% of bankruptcies were caused by medical bills. It was a joke. 3 out of 4 people who went bankrupt had insurance!
If we had a single payer system THEN nobody would be forced to by health insurance!
In the 9 years before that law, insurance premiums went up 180%!
I can't even believe you went there. #corrupt
Humans fail when assessing risks based on probability. Everyone gets sick. Everyone pays to share risk, on way or another.
It's only a good deal if the healthy subsidize the sick. Do you understand the principle of insurance?
You clearly don't understand the general concept of "insurance." Do a little reading and get back to us.
But for healthcare to be successful and cost effective, you need a larger pool of people.
Dear @Allstate @GEICO, 
This proud senator from Texas would like to end mandatory insurance for cars and homes. Show him who is boss is.
If everyone were covered, everyone would have coverage when they need it. How many buy home insurance only because lender requires it?

- if SINGLE PAYER none of us would need to buy. Losers in that scenario only insurance companies. Are you on their side or ours?
This is a rhetorical question, right? Because, Cornyn...
If the AHCA was such a good law, Congress wouldn't have exempted themselves from it!
O-care was DOA because it was a tax & govt takeover of the system.  It was the bridge to single payer which will cause a VA like catastrophe
"... govt takeover of the system."? What a steaming load of crap that is. Ask my doctor if he works for the US govt.
Seriously? Gov't took 1/6 of the economy with Ocare.  All of my docs vehemently oppose Ocare.
Lies, lies and more lies. Like death panels, millions losing jobs and people jailed for not having insurance. 

NEVER HAPPENED.
No - lies, lies, lies happened when they passed Ocare - Pelosi, the great one, Emanuel all lied
Show me one death panel. ONE. 

They lied, exaggerated and misled and you fell for it.

Bet you fell for all the Russian propaganda, too.
Young don't get sick as much & don't think they need it. Falsely assume money would be wasted.
R U implying we are forced to buy trumpcare @IndivisibleTeam @AltStateDpt
whatever. Ball's in your court now. I see you and @SenTedCruz are on #AHCA drafting team. Fix it or pay the price, buddy. 
WSJ: if your salary is a good deal, nobody would need to be forced to pay it.
As heard last night, American culture has changed. We are open to a single payer system. Y'all are to late with this BS.
Everyone needs health care insurance.   What game are you attempting to play?
And Democrats wouldn't be exempting themselves from having to have it. #LiberalCowardLeaders #LiberalLunacy #GoodForOneGoodForAll
13 men on committee to shape Senate changes?  Give up your seat 4 a woman? Mom's who pay bills & care 4 families r watching you!
Texas requires people have car insurance.
Go back to paying cash 4 doctor visits & services. Cut out middle man--insurance. Don't need communism in healthcare.
Cancel all your policies if shared risk contracts are "communism." You need more schooling.
WSJ: if auto liability insurance is a good deal, nobody would need to be forced to buy it.
Life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness!  Which part of life don't you get!  People will die if they get sick without insurance!  1/2
To you seem to only want to help the rich get richer. This is the largest bills ever to take from poor and give to rich. You are a sick one!
Good argument for a public option.
I'm glad to see you are against people having healthcare. This makes my decision to NOT vote 4 you a lot easier when you run for re-election
Are you ready to stand up and fight those battles against big insurance? Didn't think so. We know whose side your on.
Im forced to buy car insurance. If I don't, I could eventually land in jail. I'm forced to buy home insurance. If not, I will lose my home.
Right. It's never a good deal and like @realDonaldTrump said, the only great healthcare is SINGLE PAYER like they have in Australia 
Health Insurance 45 years ago was easy to understand...then it changed.  Explain how that happened.
In that case, when will you be moving us to a single payer system like the rest of the civilized world?
