@reaDonldTrump The American people are watching you. I watched that hearing the other day I am disappointed and ashamed you represent Texas
Dont vote for him.
I didn't
And the Senate voted 93-1 when it approved James Comey. What's your point?
You crawl any closer to Trump and he will need a glass belly button for you to see daylight. WEE NEED A SPECIAL PROSECUTER NOW!
It's time for @GOP to realize they're either for @realDonaldTrump, or they're for the USA. They can't be for both. #TrumpRussia #Comey 
And P.S., TURN ON YOUR FAX MACHINE.
His voicemail is working at the moment.
Awww. Not for long. ;) Thank you!
Where do your loyalties lie? With Trump or the American people?
Trump threw him under the bus as a reward.
Independent prosecutor now--stand up for USA not partisanship!
Sen I attempted to fax over a letter. Is your fax machine working? Do you have another number I can use? I need your help
the fax machine is working. it was momentarily out of paper earlier this morning
Jessica, are you the person that writes these tweets for Cornyn? If so, you do him no favors.
His boss isn't a sterling example of recusal
We are counting on you to choose your country over your party and demand a full investigation.
Dont vote for John again.
So, he should not do so now. Need independent counsel.
And writes snappy little missives about the poor treatment of Hillary Clinton when the president snaps his fingers. Do better, Senator.
Are you hoping that you go down with him? Or are you really that naive? #NoConfidenceInYouWhatsoever
Why not an independent prosecutor instead of this sham?
Independent Commission needs to investigate. You know this. What is Donald hiding? Obstruction of Justice.
Yeah we been asking you for a special prosecutor from day one. Your failure to do so I was starting to make you complicit
Have you no shame, sir? Have you no shame?
Please stop believing that the negative responses are from Democrats. My house is an R and an I and we are both gravely concerned abt this.
Independent commission NOW! I don't give a sh-t ab who voted for who! We are nearing a constitutional crisis & ur there in Trump's pocket
Agreed
What did he have to promise to get the nomination, though?  #cornynisatraitor #partybeforecountry
Do the right thing John! #CountryOverParty You know it's the right thing to do. #tellthetruth #ImpeachTrump
I cant wait for 2018. You are clearly a "party before country" kind of guy. Un-American. You sicken me.
Ive heard he is a solid young man. I pray he isnt bent toward party....and not country or president like you.
Senate voted 93-1 to confirm Jim Comey as FBI director. Senate voted 84-12 to confirm Sally Yates as Deputy AG. Look what happened to them.
A LOT of Texans are watching you. I am one of many that are not happy with you and partly corrupt Republican party. Don't be part of them.
By not calling for an independent investigation, you are showing that you are complicit in this treason.
Lol, it took longer for this administration to fire Flynn than it did for Deputy AG to recommend Comey's ousting. Smh. #gopfail
Why are you afraid to call for an independent prosecutor?
I like facts from politicians. 
Please give the American people what they deserve---an independent, nonpartisan investigation of possible Russian ties.
I hope Trump's attempts to slow or halt the investigation will not be tolerated.  I know you r a patriot - It's time to choose country.
#PartisanPolitics over U.S.AGAIN. The fact you can't admit #Comey firing is suspicious means you care only abt yourself.
For 14 DAYS!!!! You cannot be serious with this crap! Plus, Sessions supposedly recused himself from HRC Emails & Russia, no there there? 
This is a Constitutional crisis. Only an independent investigation will do. #UScode2382
Translation: He better watch his mouth. Wouldn't want anything to happen.....
He is appointed by the very person he is suppose to investigate. This stinks of a coverup, and you know it.  Do your job.
American needs an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION of #russiagate; don't hide behind Rump; find your Texas backbone & LEAD instead of snuffling
We seriously have to ask ourselves why Cornyn is working so hard to ignore Trump's Russian connections.
So, we're getting someone with an (R) following their name instead of an (I) to oversee? History will judge u & the entire Congress harshly.
Hey @JohnCornyn you do realize that you work for Texas not Donny boy?
#shilling for Donny boy!
Is this the same senate that throws their lot in with misogynists, racists, and traitors as long as they call themselves "Republicans"?
As your constituent, I demand an independent investigation into Trump Russia. Country over party politics. We deserve to know the truth!
Why are you so resistant to independent investigation... do you have a Russia problem? Are you a Putin fan boy?
It will be up to the Senate to decide to cover up for a buffoon @potus or do the right thing. Will be new for you but this would be good.
Country over party, Senator.  There's no reason not to shine the brightest light on a possibly corrupt executive branch.
We all know what GOP response would be if HRC as pres did this. You are ransparently party ahead of country. Appoint special prosecutor!
Listen, Senator, either you take care of this country or you take care of your party.  So far it's been your party.
So what's your position regarding appointment of a Special Prosecutor?  Yes, or No?
The letter was signed yesterday. This was done as a paper trail only. Who the hell cares abt. the senate vote. Doesn't make him non-par
And the people of TX will also overwhelmingly vote you out of office whether it's for another R, D, or I.
He should immediately appoint a special prosecutor, and u should be calling for an independent investigation. Be a patriot, not a partisan.
His letter was a sham & you know it.  You represent US not trump.  Do your job!  History had its eyes on YOU!!!
If Trump were a democrat, is there any universe where you are not demanding an independent prosecutor?
You can publicly advocate for #RodRosenstein to appoint special prosecutor. Senators have a duty to defend & protect Constitution.
#SpecialProsecutor now! #DoYourJob @realDonaldTrump is a liar. American public needs bipartisan investigation of #Trumprussia
is he colluding with you and the corrupt government?
We see your evil deeds and we will hold you accountable. It is time you realize that the American people will not be held hostage by tyrants
Rod Rosenstein has already watched one person get fired for refusing to do Trump's bidding. Maybe he didn't want to lose his job.
In other news, one of his relatives offered a position in the WH. Isn't that the going rate for loyalty ala McConnell and potentially McCain
Still need independent prosecutor!
Is your phone off the hook or really busy? Stop protecting trump. Time for special prosecutor now. If you don't, you are embarrassing texas
You asked for special counsel in Clinton probe - and you won't here? WTF is wrong with you, you partisan hack
You are being deliberately obtuse and it is not playing well. BTW we aren't hyperventilating, we're irate. Big difference. #ComeyFiring
Not the point. Bless ur heart.
And in his document did NOT actually recommend firing Comey.
Right, because AG had to recuse after lying to Congress about his own Russia ties. Still advised on Comey firing, though
Special prosecutor now. You cannot still deny the constitutional importance. #SpecialProsecutor #investigateTrump
FBI can no longer be trusted given the chaos created. You certainly can't. You couldn't even focus on the subject of the investigation.
And is still beholden to AG's office despite false promises of recusal. Independent prosector or bust (from a Texas voter and veteran).
True. And then on a moment's notice he fires the person in charge of the investigation with a very old, hence suspicious as hell, excuse.
At some point, your covering for scum makes you indistinguishable from it.
Really!!  Americans are concerned about our very Democracy and the actions of unprincipled people in power. You're spewing partisan BS.
You need to call for Special Prosecutor. You need to be on the right side of history
COVER UP
Mitch McConnell is showin' off for his new boss Putin while the foreign minister is in town. @SenateMajLdr TP
#SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussia #countrybeforeparty #IndependentInvestigation now!
Watching you cover for Trump is like watching a guy cover for his spoiled, delinquent younger brother.

A sad state for the GOP, & America.
Release trumps taxes to independent investigation of Russia's influence  administration. Release the documents on Flynn.
Be the patriot you proclaim to be & join call for an independent investigation. Or are you afraid your name will come up? #CountryOverParty
Who is really even independent? Do Americans truly understand how checks and balances work. That's why we have 3 branches of government.
Stop being a hypocrite. We need an independent investigation.
Clear out your voice mails...maybe listen to them
Didn't you get my fax? We need an independent special prosecutor. And a freaking town hall 
And he is another Trump puppet?  Where are your balls Cornyn...oh..you have none
and your @SenateMajLdr has a conflict of intetest bc @realDonaldTrump is his wife's boss! #IndependentInvestigation
For now.
Russia is MOCKING us.  DO SOMETHING ABOUT THIS NOW! Independent Investigation must happen.
I see you're still stonewalling.
That doesn't mean those who voted for him must love everything he does. Are you capable of critical thinking?
Trump fires Comey the day before Russian FM Lavrov meets w Trump & Tillerson. #TrumpRussiaCollusion #IndependentInvestigation
Yes and Serious Senators are already regretting their mistake.
False equivalency... what is your fear with #SpecialProsecutor ? Listen to your #constituents
No, an independent investigator is what we need now. Too much corruption in the government for them to handle it alone
so your job is to protect the liar in chief?
Ok. That has no bearing on what is going on. Unlike U, we see this as a ethical issue, not political. R U in cahoots w/ him?
INDEPENDENT investigation and tax returns
Please don't be a sheep. We need you
a yes man to trump so his rubes won't be investigated. Stone is laughing and smoking a cigar.
Get OVER Clinton....The Dictator is SATAN
Senate also voted 84-12 to confirm Sally Yates. Sessions used to oversee FOJ investigation until he was caught lying. What's your point?
Whose side are you on, anyways? Putin's or ours?
I don't have a problem with Rosenstein, but if Jeff Sessions can have a role in firing Comey when he's supposedly recused...
...the FBI investigation is toothless. Really, it's time to appoint a special prosecutor. You know this situation isn't right.
Today, Will you be the #Patriot2StandUp4America? #treason in White House.  #SpecialProsecutor #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns  #taxReturns
You are a traitor to our people and our values. TRAITOR
Rod Rosenstein was in on firing Comey so his with Trump and Jeff Sessions on covering up Trump/Russian scandal
Are you going g to hold his feet to the fire to make it a true, hard-nosed investigation? You'll forgive me if I'm skeptical that you will.
Hard stop. No justification. Independent Investigation NOW. There is no other way out for you and your like. Either recommend it or resign.
besada John already going down with him, Trump thank Comey on the news on the emails Jan. 22, 2017 even invted him to the WH for it
He obviously doesn't since Sessions got involved in the decision to fire.  Recusals are based on credibility, which this admin has none

Nixon had to go through three AGs to fire the man investigating Watergate.  POTUS should not be allowed to fire the man investigating him.
Why don't you do your job and make sure we get a non-political investigation instead of schilling for a traitor?

This is bigger than Comey, Sessions, and Trump. At stake is the ability of our Constitution to overcome the ambitions of unprincipled men.
We need a #SpecialProsecutorNow!!! #Impeach45 #TheResistance
You are on the Senate Intelligence Committee. What do you stand to lose by pushing for an independent investigation?
Tax payers money wasted on a conspiracy theory. It's been 2 years and Flynn has been the only evidence.
INDEPENDENT PROSECUTOR!
a special prosecutor needs to be appointed for trump’s
ties to Russia and we need a thorough and independent investigation
A grand jury (at least one) has been impaneled. Yesterday, Trump using a thin tissue of an excuse, fired the FBIDIR. Don't you get this?
It's difficult to trust the GOP. You guys don't seem to believe I'm a human. You seem bent on taking away might rights.
The person overseeing the Russia investigation answers to a man who had to recuse himself. Inherent conflict. Appoint an ind. Investigator
FYI-Your boy, Donnie, is losing it on twitter right now & making a mockery out of your precious #GOP. Independent investigation now!
Why are you willing to stake your place in history on @realDonaldTrump ? What do you owe him?
Wow Rosenstein has a real problem ...you better sharpen up your questioning skills for Texans.  Espionage John Espionage  !
Conflict, he had a hand in Comeys firing.  We need somone who is independant!!!  Stop covering for Trump John!!
This is crap, you have no right to serve Americans. You are aiding and abetting TREASON!
#IndependentInvestigation
Independent prosecutor!
we need a special prosecutor
He's now shown that, like you, he's no Sally Yates.
Are you actually my Senator? Because it seems like you only represent GOP talking points. Grow a pair and put country before party.
Special prosecutor!!!!  Are you afraid of justice?  Are you worried about the truth.  Man up!
@JohnCornyn  how much money did Russia give you to betray your country? #Coward
Once again u r on the wrong sideof history.  
pass the ahca.
Independent commission.  You swore to uphold the laws of this country.
#Traitor #CornynHole #impeachTrumpnow
GOP blundered w/process & voices aiding Trump in gaining nomination. GOP can correct that & more by leading on Special Prosecutor. Now!
Senator, you need to put Country over Party and request for an independent investigation into the Trump-Russia matter.
You are a very, very weak man.
Will he follow it through to the right conclusion or will u trump sycophants badger him?
45=witness intimidation; nepotism; emoulements (Kushner & Chinese $ 4 visas & State Dept promoting Trump spots, etc) - need more Maj Whip?
We want an independent prosecutor into #TrumpRussiaInvestigation! I'm (unfortunately) your constituent. DO YOUR JOB OR GET OUT.
Unacceptable!  The GOP should not be supporting this insanity right now.

Special prosecutor or lose your seat on the next turn.
Ok, so if a Dem prez did this, you'd still have the same response? I don't think so. Please find it in you to put country first.
I'm your constituent. #SpecialProsecutor NOW, sir. Are you a patriot or a coward? Beyond time to put country over party.
@teetoatee @JohnCornyn My rep in tx says Gowdy will be a good choice for FBI Director
Of COURSE he thinks that.
Did you ask him tough questions on enforcing Executive Orders? Maj Whip should stay focused, else you'll miss impeachment proceedings.
That's not acceptable . As your constituent, I urge you to appoint a special prosecutor. We deserve to know the truth. Do your job!
You are letting the USA go down in flames. Shame on you.
Special prosecutor to have any credibility. GOP has botched this too much so far otherwise.
Either you're oblivious or Komplicit.

If the former, seek truth with clear eyes.
If the latter... traitor.
It is long past time for an independent investigation, Senator. If you can't see that, you are no representative of the people.
you show that you stand with Republicans -not The Republic. We will neither forget nor forgive @txlege @HoustonChron @statesman @dallasnews
Do you work for 45 or do you work for TX constituents? We deserve the truth & it's clear it won't happen. Call for #IndependantInvestigation
THE LEAKS! WHAT ABOUT THE LEAKS?    Special prosecutor. Independent investigative committee. It's coming. Don't risk your integrity
Will Rosenstein be a lapdog for Trump or a bulldog for truth & America? We are not as gullible as you think Cornyn. #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
we need an ind. prosecutor 2 investigate Trump's ties 2 Russia before this becomes a constitutional crisis. Will you stand up?
Special prosecutor is the only way forward. Only way. Stop being partisan even if Ds are you can restore confidence only with indpt prosec

Putin playing fife of discord like the pied piper so you & far left follow like your in a trance. 9 months of investigation & nothing burger
Well good for him. He sold out and wrote a wholly ridiculous letter on behalf of his boss to avoid Comey's fate.
This is your country too #StandUpForIt
Ds are not for Comey, we're your constituents and we're for an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW. Do your job or lose your job.
INDEPENDENT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
Stop tweeting in defense of this corrupt administration. Do your job and protect the balance of power and our democracy.
When @realDonaldTrump asked him for an excuse to fire Comey, he could come up with a good one: Comey had made extremely serious errors...
...that threw the election to Trump. Had Trump cared, he'd've fired Comey on day 1. Had Sessions cared, he wouldn't have been praising...
...Comey last November for the exact thing for which he recommended Comey be fired for yesterday. This firing has nothing to do with...
...Comey's pro-Trump mistakes last year. It had to do with FBI investigation of collusion with Russia. We need an independent investigator.
Please work within the Senate to get an independent prosecutor appointed so that we can learn the truth. The whole country is begging...
...you and your colleagues to put country ahead of Trump. Please.
