Hi my name is Crystal, and I'm with ABC News. Did you take these photos? If yes, can ABC and partners use on all platforms w/credit to you?
We took the one in the street. Ok to use. Others are from @txgatorsquad
Thank you so much @FBCSO! @txgatorsquad can ABC News use your photos on all platforms w/credit to you?
We contacted @txgatorsquad via text.  They advised that you may.
Hi, we are the NBC affiliate in Mobile, AL. May we have permission to use these photos for our newscast? Thanks.
Yes
Thanks so much!
I love them so much cutest faces ever
Here's a gator I met the other day. V sweet
https://m.imgur.com/gallery/t8RRVIy .  At my alma mater
Lol we have to explain to visitors that gators aren't gonna bother you, unlike crocs
Thank God I live in Wisconsin.  Yes, it's colder than you can imagine in the winter,  but there ain't no gators in the streets
They're really mellow creatures. That's my son and one on the golf course.
Tell that to the parents of the little kid that got killed by a gator in Disney World.
Dogs are mass murderers compared to gators.
 oh man I was rolling! I was thinking damn that sounds good, haven't had fried gator in awhile. Lol
These are dangerous animals. we need to reduce their populations for people safety.
Ok, if you see an alligator that big on the street and you need to be told to leave it alone, maybe evolution isn't for you.
Dude, you win tweet of the day, this is awesomely hilarious! 
Oh that's no good---!! anyway
you were quoted by @USATODAY
@mollymeinholz  uhm roomie be safe!!

Hello I'm gator and I'm just popping in for a cuppa! would you say no? I think he's the boss somehow.....
fcuk that shit
NOT the UPS package I was expecting... 

Yeeeeew might be a redneck.
We are a highschool newspaper in CA reporting on Harvey. May we also use the photo?
Yes.  You can use photos
WOW
@sarteri Che paura! Come a NewOrleans
This is some normal day shit in Florida
Is there a way to make them leave your porch?! 
Yep...show them a pair of alligator skin shoes!!
It's Texas.  They are getting shot.  #Texas
We don't need Guns for Gators, we have Gator Girl...
I ran up on one while on a walk with my dog here in Coastal S Carolina. Needless to say I was . Still am shook 3 months later 
Before a tropical storm, this alligator showed up on my patio in coastal #NC 
After the tropical storms,  a lot of things show up that don't belong . Tropical birds. Anyone remember grasshopper rain in Atlantic beach?
Plus, swirling #floods contain everything from snakes, rats to #alligators so be careful wading & keep your #pets safe
Yeah, it's always a treat when you open the door & watch the snake slide by in a river of water.
Sounds like Australia! And we thpught we were the only ones with snakes crocs and lizards in the flood waters.
No disrespect to all ur beautiful states, but I'm staying put in corrupt IL and taking my chances with tornadoes!
Lol but you have guns to contend with....at least these don't shoot!
@grantmurphy12 
So once water recedes ok to mess with gators?
Its never okay to mess with Gators.  Ever read a warning label for bleach?  I wouldn't drink it, most people wouldnt, but they still warn us
Agree but the tweet implied it was ok once water receded :)
@duckotastark @lexie_fletcher leave them alone....or RIDE them
Violently wrestle to maintain maximum masculinity?
I'm a photo editor of a science book in Europe. May we use the gator street image? Our deadline is Oct. 12, 2017, hbv @ historiebladet.dk
i like that first one. he's like: "hey. it's me."
Then what? Call the dog catcher to come get 'em.
Yes. After the water recedes we can find the sticks to poke them with.
but as soon as water recedes, rush them and try to ride them on like a pony.
They could be dragons..  
stop eyeing them up also as hand bags and boots
Omg....like y'all aren't dealing with enough.....now gators 
Man that is some good gator meat to have for your tailgate party
@dreaaxx19 no fuckin shot
Beware snakes and floating fire ant beds.... been there.
Oh God the floating goddamn ant beds.  Thanks for the rural Texas living flashback. My feet feel remembered pain.
If I saw that in NY, my bowels would be displaced.
I promise, gators aren't scary. They just want space 2 live & 2 avoid human activity. In my 37 yrs in LA, I've nvr had a prob w/1, even moms
Lolol good luck with this shit too  @SYRmotsag
Hahahaha I ain't afraid of no gators....
You should be!!!
You've been warned, Jeremiah. Instead you'll continue smoking meats and attracting them. Are you DAFT????
I will wrastle it and then smoke it and make boots out of its skin.
A real "when life gives you lemons" sort of deal lol
Perhaps looking under the car before you walk along side it to drive off! OOOf!
No gators in VA
I think it was a PSA for Texans. One of the many joys of dealing with hurricanes?
I had one for 4 Years. When I was a kid. My uncle lived on a gator farm. In LA
These beasts are very hard to kill. Only small spot on the top of their skulls is a definite kill shot (unless you use an elephant rifle).
All that concrete is lousy for helping the land absorb excess water. Texas, I encourage you to stop supporting the concrete industry.
It's been raining here regularly for the past month, so even the soil is pretty saturated.
Fried Gator??
Insane bro
Can we throw antifa to the gators they are hungry and it wouldn't be a waste they won't be missed just saying

I think we can expect a surplus in gator skins in a state that has open carry
Where did this picture come from...
@skysarahjane the next time a part of UK floods then this puts it more in perspective
Thank you for recommending to leave them alone and not to kill them.
Is that your fellow TX Sen .@tedcruz ?
Hi There  I'm journalist from Poland, from Polsat TV. May we use the photo ? Best Tom

I mean I live in Texas...can I get this lucky for an alligator to show up at my house??
Yet, MSNBC & CNN are busy reporting on Russia collusion. Americans are united. Donate to help TX.
Donate money to Red Cross to help our bros and sisters in TX.
Great 
Leave them alone  as opposed to what? Playing with them?? Can't imagine how concerning it would be to see a gator in the streets 
These photos are old. Stop using this acting like it's recent!
@hannahMnolf good luck 
I'm out
You better keep fat Bella inside
I tend to leave alligators alone at all times
are there any updates on the status of the gator sanctuary in beaumont that houses ~350 gators?
Last I heard Gator Countrys big animals and venomous snakes were secure, and the water was nearing the top of thier fences.  Send prayers.
HEELL NAW NA NA NAWW NAWW NAWWW
Exactly what I was afraid of, hiking thru them high waters 
Watch out 4 Gators, their instinctive & will attack if u provoke them. Play it safe and call Animal Control move carefully out of the way.
@DustinLThurmes
Poor babies

@jacob32valdez omw
@frankit97 fuckin told you
I didn't think u were lying
@Harringt11Derek
That's that shit I was talking about! lol
Why did I already see all these photos like a year ago.........
Ok FFS. As if toxic murky floodwaters aren't enough, there's escaped alligators 
#HurricaneHarvey
@JackRobinson256 this one is real news can you imagine a gator showing up on your front porch 
Dang he just wanted some food
According to the Houston police, while the photos are real they are not connected in any way to Hurricane Harvey!
VEEEEEERGAAAAAAAA  NOOOOO
And I thought we had it bad with rattlesnakes 
@watsonthanks
Alligator taste good as hell fried, that's your food right there. Shout out to Pappadeaux's.
You know, suddenly living in a place that gets so cold in winter your face hurts doesn't seem so bad now...
@DarienIswearien @girlovesnature i would love to walk out my door and see this
This is in my neighborhood @CHRONICxSOCIETY this what I was talkin bout yesterday 
Trump or gators? Hmmmm! Do we get a choice?
Eccccck
Hi, I am from @Nieuwsbegrip and we make reading lessons for schools in the Netherlands. Are we allowed to use your photo w/credit to you?
#OMG !! I  probably would have wet myself,  and start screaming like a  little girl. .. lol

Thank you brother, we dodged a bullet and are safe. No electricity at my house, but going up around town, so we are optimistic
@DisasterChannL @txgatorsquad @Quad_Finn
@KrisJenner is giving her cousin credit for this picture on her instagram page
Thank you for the heads up.
"Leave alone until water recedes."  Sound advice.  Don't take your new gator for a walk & if you do make sure to use a leash.  It's the law!
Dang, they have enough to worry about then to deal with them coming up to you. I would be very scared. I have only seen gators at zoos.
People are so oblivious now because of their phones and iPads they may not even notice it unless they stepped on it.
I'm just waiting for this headline to appear in Florida:
"Teen mauled by gator while trying for world's-greatest Instagram shot."
Meanwhile, somewhere in Florida on a Fan Bost:  "Well... I always wanted a 'stuffed' gator."
@ogyj_
my dad scammed me
@Connor_Brice_14 let's move to Texas
What the hell no!!!!
Hhahahahaha
No worries, one of them just wants to play fetch with those pieces of firewood. #havefun
Poor guys!
Foto's
if that thing ever trespasses on my property im thinking of new shoes,a gym bag, matchn gloves n a wallet.Simply looking for a higher style.
"Leave alone"
Thanks for the warning: I was thinking about making love to him.
WHO NEEDS BOOTS??????
Another protected class.
Where?  Yikes
I forgot about the gators!
Don't let the dog  out without checking first
Looking for lunch
If you have to be told to leave a gator alone you shouldnt live in a city with gators as the top animal in its food chain
Watchu mean leave alone, satan must be rebuked
Texas!!!!  Too funny!!!
@samanthaharvey8
Nope
#Priceless. #Harvey is not discriminating
Looks like dinner to me. Gator is good meat...
Oh my...
@_Mellon
Green lives matter! :-)
@anandraj_shah
Tip,   Always maintain eye contact when stroking an Aligator
крокодиловые сапоги сами в хату лезут
No way
OMG NO
At least it was not a sharknado...just a gatorcaine.
Thank you @abc13houston for continuing public gator education
@MandyCNBC maybe a little too comfy, however it must feel like home on the veranda as they may also want keep the dog inside
Move over @SharknadoSYFY Hurrigator is taking over.  #HurricaneHarvery
. Texas Expect gators, snakes  & red ants so stay out of the floodwaters. Be safe.
your Tweet was quoted in a story by @newscomauHQ
I'd say a few dozen more alligator bags, shoes, and other accoutrements are not a bad idea. There are so many, now, so why not cull?
The one at the back door reminds me of the Elmore Leonard book. His fans will know which one I mean.
Maybe I'm a weirdo but I feel kind of bad for them.
Theu didn't ask for this.
Poor things
I sure will!
Just be cool and leave em alone and everything will be ok.
@TXGameWarden @TXBlueLivesMatter @TXThinBlueLine @TXDPS  Please be advised that #Alligators & #Snakes  will be displaced #HurricaneHarvey
Beautiful aligators
get away and alligator for the rest!!

If your gonna try an kill one " get it tween the eye's!!! "
Probably less likely to attack humans on land.

Where is coming from ?
First Sharknado, now Hurrigator
Ay señor. No sé qué es peor. Si el huracán o los lagartos.
@samsaranc your mom...
And snakes and rats.
Oh man! As if the weather isn't bad enough but random gators? Not cool
i too am displaced and would like to be left alone
Your replies have me dying girl 
Ops una delle preoccupazioni del post uragano.......
"Hey just thought I'd Mosey on thru and wonder if you have time to talk about our Lord & savior Bobby Boucher?"
Be safe everyone. Your friend from Missouri.
Who beat who in a street fight? An Alligator or a Crocodile?
One reason why I hav not moved 2 FL yet...My dog and I do not want 2 b dinner 4 an alligator!!!!
That's a nice new luggage set there.
Ugh...!!!!
Yikes!
Yikes
Ah leave then alone. As opposed too??
Did these guys come all the way to Texas from D.C.?

P.S. @realDonaldTrump drain that swampy sewer Mr. Prez! 
LEAVE ALONE!! Just one more reason to never live in Texas...or Florida 
Yes Ty #Families4Families CompassionRule
Eait a minute Normand...i am sitting on the front porch waiting for my new pair of boots to walk by...
Haha awesome !! Let me know.
Or... leave them alone, period. http://No.thank.you !
@rxymdz
Im O T W
Believe me; I would leave them alone.
@Dessiem20
I'd be quite happy to 'leave alone'.
https://antifur.bandcamp.com/track/krokodil-hunter-brick-eater … @antifur666
Depending on whether Trump's incompetent henchmen offer effective aide, aggrieved residents might consider alligators as a food source.
@calmdownpat we were so wrong
Oh boy. 'I've never been so sure of anything in my life.'

 

cc @wschneidz
Whoa!
God I hope they make it up to the 2nd floor @jimmypardo
"Do you have time to hear about our Lord and Savior, Godzilla?"
Now that is yard art.
@napsonfleek this can't be real
LMAOOOOO
@jakechambers142 oh hell nah I better get blown away
Yes, this can be a real issue... Sometimes they need to be removed by force, however.
Opening the door to leave for work, sees the gator, calls off
@SeiferA
