How can they do that when they can't hire people for the tasks they already have?
Hard task when you slash their budget
Why won't trump release his taxes? Release trumps taxes
But wouldn't that just be more "big government intrusion," Senator? Isn't it best to let the free market take care of such things?
Too bad the GOP blocked Zika prevention funding last summer
Blah blah blah, and blah blah blah. 

CASTRO for US Senator 2020
CDC is under staffed.
- Maybe you should put the $$ where your mouth is! How do you expect them to step it up with GOP budget cuts???
Fund the CDC and NIH if you want to fight zika. Ensuring those who contract zika can afford healthcare would be nice too. Thanks.
Your President Trump proposes trimming the CDC by $1.3 billion. Sad!
Wait, I thought all big government was bad-except when you want it!
Head north for a #townhall please.
if your healthcare bill passes medical costs will skyrocket to fight Zika. Right here in your home state.
It takes science to come up with creative solutions, not your flat-earth Jesus take the wheel mentality
We could have if Trump had not cut that funding to the CDC.
I believe y'all just cut funding , talk to your boss
Umm yeah, this administration will TOTALLY see that as a priority...
Maybe NOT slash #CDC budget? Seems logical, right? Oh, and medical research, foreign aid... basically everything #GOP has touched
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Woah cornyn be careful, you might sound like you actually trust science.  What would trump think?
#ZikaVirus is why we need to keep funding #CDC
Good luck with that one senator. That would require money.
Hard to do that when it's been defunded and had it's employees cut
Maybe TX could help, but they have birth control to defund
UR disingenuous
U support POTUS killing  managing global warming AND $ cuts for preparedness AND an incompetent WH
TX'ns are SOL w/ ZIKA!
So you support some science but not all of it?
Don't let the federal government tell Texas what to do (sarcastically taking your "afraid of big govt" approach)
All GOP in Texas are hereby summoned to South Texas to eradicate Zika. If they get sick, their healthcare insurance will cover it. You first
didn't the CDC have it its budget cut by the Polluter and Chief proposed budget? Oh well, sorry TX
They need funding for that, John.
So you will ask for adequate funding?
Maybe you should get Trump to fill all the vacancies at CDC caused by hiring freeze and exodus by funding concerns
The same CDC you want to strip of funding?
So why is Trump gutting idc? @txdemwomen
laughable: conservatives always decry govmt until they need something #hypocrisy
Get your leader to refund the CDC. Protect your constituents!
How will they have the to do that if you cut their budget???
Agreed! If we can squash Zika, we will prevent another pre-existing condition.
Requires money, which comes from taxation...
Really? Why? What good would it do? We won't have health ins. OH RIGHT.  Just in case someone RICH gets Zika.  Oh OK I got it
.@JohnCornyn Oops, it's going to be hard to do with those big budget cuts. Which way do you want it Senator?
Can't destroy the budget that cares from items like this. @TimWalberg thinks god will fix this like climate change as well so we are good 
Trump's budget cuts CDC by 17%. You should go talk to tropical disease experts in the Texas Medical Center about what that would mean.
Really? CDC is just gonna b like: bruhs, u ignore climate change but then want to fight it? U take away our $$ but want 2 increase budget?
So when it benefits you, you want federal assitance
You mean an agency of the federal government that Trump and the GOP is trying to slash funding for? Is it being run by lobbyists yet?
CDC funds cut by GOP. You did that, John.
Perhaps it was a mistake to have tried so hard to cut and delay Obama's efforts with Zika Funding previously.
Wait, I thought you hated the Federal Government and those do-gooder  beurocrats? Also too science.
Nah. The @CDCgov is based on #science stuff. We don't want that liberal agenda. God will handle #ZikaVirus.
But @realDonaldTrump @SecPriceMD do not believe in science and are cutting the CDC funds.  Their "God" will take care of it.
Wait. Cornyn believes Russia hacked US and wants Feds(CDC) involved in Tx  4 something other than border control? Hacked account ?#TownHall
You think 45/Bannon is going to give us the money for that? As if!
Wow. You mean those scientists at the CDC?
Sorry not in the budget! Doubling the militarily or did you not read it? #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad
But you & president wants to reduce CDC funding and increase things like Zika by pulling out of #ParisAgreement WTF. Can't have it both ways
They can't. @realDonaldTrump is cutting their budget. They need to save what they have left, to fight Ebola. Conway says: Buy a can of OFF!
@JohnCornyn will do nothing about funding CDC to fight the Zika virus, he's too busy using law enforcement and the military for photo ops.
But oh WAIT. You're one of the senators that thinks it's cool to cede our global leadership. Never mind!
With what money? And oh yeah, since AGW contributes to vectoring, being able to study that and minimize that would be helpful.
You know what contributes to Zika?  Higher temps.  Know what leads to those?  Withdrawing from Paris.  Interconnectedness.
CDC uses science and therefore is an absolute target for cuts from 45.
More pork barrel projects and special interests being funneled by career politicians to buy votes.
So you're going to make sure the CDC has adequate funding? How about the scientists? Esp those studying links btwn Zika + climate change?
Maybe Trump should STAFF THEM. I literally hate you, John.
Maybe you should publicly oppose a budget that cuts $1.3B from the CDC.
If he had any balls or even a conscience.  He's just about the worst troll in congress.
Too bad Trump's budget makes cuts to the CDC
Nope, personal responsibility, make Texas do it itself. Quit trying to bum off the federal government.
So funding for the CDC is going to increase? Serious question.
Seems I've read multiple articles about how they're unequipped atm because of POTUS and people like you who enable him.
