trump che  ne pensa  dell discorso extraterrestre
Hey @realDonaldTrump! A donation was just made to @PPact in your name via @TheTrollTax.  #TrollTax
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare. They really want to get it right, un...
You are responsible for premiums going up by 71% in Florida. Hope you're happy.
ACA cut the number of uninsured by millions. You want to cut health care from millions to give tax cuts to you and your 'liddle' buddies.
What names did you call them from your Bully throne?

Thumbs up! 
vote yea
And what about the kids and families supposed to with no food or meds and housing we live in low income for a reason
Hey trump you old geezer when you need a nursing home what are you going to do when there none
I  am sure you lied and manipulated the senators to get what you want
@Potus - I'm such a big DJT supporter that I shout it from the roof-tops in liberal swamp of MA. Please tell me your joshing-GOP SWAMP
Well, that was pretty naive eh?
Prove that you all want to get it right by continuing to provide health care for ALL members of the US military.
Amen to that!  Jen
Not with 25 million people left without health care...
Mr President you need to look at that Bill, it has the opposite of what you promised the American people...
WE, the PEOPLE, Like ACA!!!
Where were the democrats????  You only care about those who worship you.  Great dictator!
Is it right yet? LMFAO! You couldn't get anything right if it was right in front of you. Sad. You are hopeless. Your family is the SWAMP!!!!
Truly. Do you take us all for morons?
Maybe they when they have 7 years to develop a plan  and complete control of all 3 branches of the government.
Oh....wait.
Since you crapped all over Sen. Flake today, who can blame them? White trash much?
The meeting must have been long, do you have time to catch lunch?
It must get in the way of meeting the many 
Russians.Meetings you lied about.Trumpcare will kill people.
Please get it right and fair for everyone! We are all counting on you! Don't let them win!!!
We, the people, PREFER ACA, as is!
Because you are a RACIST a******e you can't just expand on President Obama's health care bill, but you have to get rid of his legacy as well
U know ur sacrificing the lives of ur fellow Americans to get a tax break for ur wealthy friends I don't understand how u can be so cruel
And 67+ year old get kicked off of their health insurance is really great?
No pre-existing conditions should be allowed past enrollment date. You cant buy Auto insurance after you crash Its insane & driving cost up!
Great. Republicans working on trump's Deathcare again. Obamacare works. Just improve it. Long live President Obama and his great legacy.
At least then I will be able to afford my mortgage
I am getting so disgusted with the some in the party I am almost ready to say hell with it go single payer
I will believe it when I see it if they really wanted to lower costs open up competition, tort reform tackle pharma
Trumpcare will win we always win
Republicans pushing a bill that kills people. You call that winning? Must be good to be rich and not care about others.
Thx so much for that,
We get it. You got rid of @Obamacare. Now go back to your mud pile like a good spoiled brat so America can clean up after your mess. 
Tax non consumable goods health care cost money you have to get the money from somewhere
I hope that we can all have access to the same healthcare plans as congress does and with all identical subsidies as they have.
USA Can't afford that. Can't afford the current level of gov't subsidies. Need to fix cost of  healthcare, get lawyers out.
I agree that their are types that need weeding out, but until the concept of equality sinks in with Congress I can't support their efforts.
We should pressure Congress, that under the 14th Amendment the equal protection clause includes healthcare too.
Nice
HEALTHCARE-
*Pres says 2 Ins Co's- got huge#'s in each state
*Ins.Neg.w/Pharma+Med4discounts
* Bid&top three win each State
Ruk
Then @POTUS tell Sen Mitch to Repeal like the platform n promise he ran on and got elected
WTF
@POTUS Let Obamacare die.
There's no need for Government in our Healthcare
This is good! Let's pray that they do.
remain? Like a Ponzi scheme O'Care collapses cuz d young healthy ppl run out enrolling d pre-existing ppl remain & premiums #skyrocket 
I knew O care wud be a disaster cuz it was front loaded so d good stuff comes 1st but when d healthy young registered stops & d pre-existing
GOP Trump Russia treason regime & assault gutting ACA $800 Bil funding to cut taxes, give perks richest 0.1% & medical companies, is treason
GOP Senators want to get it right? Not so. Sens want to get it done--as pressured by you in meetings. You r sabotaging ACA that saves lives
Please make sure we as older people still have good coverage
"OCare" is better than no care
Connect with me on LinkedIn under my name or The Perfect Back and I will prove healthcare's lies & corruption &destruction of people's lives
Chronic muscular pain caused by secondary set of muscles (when out of balance-bad surgeries) that assist us in aging & H/C committing crimes
The only way to get it right is to force healthcare (corrupt) to use The Perfect Back, will reduce taxes, vehicle ins & healthcare costs.
Education: healthcare created chronic muscular pain with knee, hip, & back surgeries. The Perfect Back is the cure by focus on Aging Muscles
It needs to fall back on Dems, they are the ones that made this mess and they don't want to help to get it right
Take your time and get it right

Right, it is why they sabotaged  O Care from beginning. They didn't  want it right.
Dont u have anything to tweet except Ocare
Mr. President, I know many will want my head for saying this but I really believe a single payer system via a Nat sales tax will work.
I sure hope so Me President.  You are doing a great job.  Don't let any of the swomp monsters get you down !!!
Great Job
Our close allies on board and finish this business. A quick, massive assault, throwing EVERYTHING we have in the area at him is needed.
Turn the screws one last time, get SoKo to go to groung and lets put an end this little puke. Let's get UK, Australia, Japan and a few of
Please Mr. President, if you are going to truly stop this nuclear can from being kicked down the road to another 'bama who will do NOTHING,
Each day NoKo's resolve and capacity grow stronger while @POTUS loses suport at home for action abroad, guaranteeing little Fatboy his win
https://www.instagram.com/p/BWJo6hxDm5SGls0WJKxbj_Yj2x5bTqIjIsgDhM0/ …
I SURE HOPE SO POTUS BC THEY HAVE NOT EXACTLY BEEN IN YOUR CORNER FROM THE START &WTP ARE FED UP WITH CONGRESS!
If your sick kid was not able to pay his medical pills you would have probably hurried up more in placing the new Care system.
Why don't you get busy placing it instead fighting the Change
Really we need Supreme Court to reverse their decision what smells in there is they passed O-Care by calling it a tax, Obama said it wasn't
#SEMPER FI
We're going to call your health care program, if it even passes, Rich-Care. Because it won't help anyone else.
Thank you Mr. President, for all you do.
If by right you mean screwing seniors, poor people, kids, sick people to give $ to rich & corporations, yeah guess so!
Do you even realize what a boor you are? #trumpsterdiver
How much does Soros or the liberals pay people to talk down trump.
You're delusional!
They wouldn't know right if it smacked them in the face.
If it's so great, why don't you call it TrumpCare? Or do you only want ridiculous tweets to be your legacy?
Trumpcare is a joke. Millions w. Preexisting conditions will be unable to offered care or loose coverage all together. Not a win.
Trumpcare is as unstable as Trump is himself.
What a joke. Millions who need it r being left out i.e. 70+ & peeps w existing conditions. This is not the promise made.
Fix Ocare
12% of Americans approve of your "health" plan.

perhaps the insurance companies, US corporations, not Parties  & citizens (employed & unemployed) not just GOP Senators should work on this
Repeal repeal repeal
Getting it right mrans MEDICARE FOR ALL. Ask Warren Buffet. Ask 50,000 citizens.
Wrong. What they are offering will kill us health wise and financially.
Another great example of how you try to work with us. Democrats make up more people in country you work for. WTF. Are you high?
Whatever Trumpcare plan passed should be the healthcare plan that all of Congress & President must carry for themselves and their families!
President Trump, I am one of your most loyal supporter.  Not a fan of your CNN video at all.  Focus on what is important is my suggestion.
If premiums arent better, repeal& replace later. Putting a stop to $$ gouging by insurers & pharmacist will do wonders w premiums Id hope

Of course you did, lol. They must at least find you entertaining, in their own twisted sort of way 
اه يا كلب امريكا يا جحش اسراييل
Stop put every after great and you wont sound like an immature fifth grader....
Republicans gutted ACA. CHECK YOUR FACTS. You're talking out your *SS again.
Right for who?
I hope so. I am watching this carefully and will send my verdict loud and clear at the next election for these guys!
Delusional as usual.  SMH
It's not gonna happen. You can't erase The Obama Legacy. You jealous ogre
OCare provided health insurance to millions of people who otherwise would not have had it;that's a good thing to anyone smart enough to
needy, those your kind consider beneath you, so instead of working with the other side to fix the problems with OCare and make it work,
richer, just so you and the boys at the club can say you repealed OCare!!  If there is a god, you and the boys are in big, big trouble!!
Bullshit
Nobody is on ur side. Have u seen the polls. Oh not interested me. 12%,17% Sad really Sad
Be VERY careful. Look it over yourself. You will OWN this healthcare bill, and ALL Democrats can't wait to unload this mess on you.
Make them get it right. Total repeal. I do have pre-existing conditions. But others should not pay for my issues.
Hmmm
This tweet was good until the end. When good is being done there is no need to put anything or anyone down. Please learn that.
Please just abolish it and don't try to come up with another hundreds of pages of worthless information. Just go back to the way it was!
Obama Care at it's core is a beautiful blessing for the US but considering that most of our money is going to those with heart disease tbc
And diabetes at which we are doing nothing to regulate what goes into people's bodies is at the root of the issue. No ones "plan" is going
Vote no on Trumpcare!
You need to leave 45 alone.  That man is gone you are President stop acting like a child and pull up your pants and lead like a man! Dang!
        
Right for WHOM?
Your healthcare plan is a joke. Economically single payer is best choice. don't be ignorant.. plz
Spain is in favor of the pipeline.  Make it happen Mr. President! 
No, ocare was right you are wrong. Have you even bothered to read your own health care plan? I think not.
A good leader includes everyone, not just his party,  making America great means healing and uniting this country. Step the division. Now
The way some people can look at pure FACTS and resist it is amazing. There is no reasoning with the wilfully ignorant. Sad but true
tbh if ur present itll never be great
You fighting to get rid of Ocare..because you DON'T care...ANYTHING Pres. Obama did YOU CHOOSE TO DISTROY.....YOU ELITIST FOOL
Didn't they have seven years to come up with a plan? If they can't do it in eight months since the election, they're not capable of doing it
#MAGA 
You have no earthly idea what's in that bill. Stupid Trump.
LIAR
You are a great Boss
Bringing costs down by knocking everyone off is not "getting it right"
Don't know what bill you were reading- but then again you are senile
Who brought the fairy bread kids?
Your tweeting is going to cost you a second term.
I like when u tweet prof. gov't updates, but pls stop embarrassing Rep. supporters w personal insults on women. Don't go that low.
Good, open up the ability to buy health insurance across state lines.
Just hush already. Talk too much. You spent way too much time tweeting.
I am so pleased to hear that they are not just scrambling for votes.
Not with you in office
Yeah great? Meaning kill all Americans? Disgusting nasty waste of skin
define "right" - do you mean ensure tax breaks for rich at the expense of millions losing healthcare?

Help this Texas teacher with affordable health insurance !!
They've been trying to "get it right" for over 10 years.  When is that going to happen?
http://www.healthline.com/health-news/obamacare-is-a-success-researchers-say-072815 … #lairinchief #MAGAIMPEACH
- you're pitiful.
We'll see. The proof is in the pudding
That is a laughable statement & a lie & you know it
throwing 22mil off is right???????
You will never get it right. Destroying healthcare right in front of our eye's. Not a man of the people
yall just looking out for the rich and wealthy!!!!
Why not just let Obamacare die, govt replace
Cap amount trial lawyers can sue for. Big reason  health care so expensive.
Fix Obamacare. Ur plan is a tax cut 4 the rich/paid 4 by the poor & middle class. America needs Obamacare.
Tcare will be worse.
chupalo
Don't kid yourself. Not one politician that works hard. They're too busy taking money from the lobbyists to have an opinion on anything!
@RichardCooklish 

None of the medical plans are in the best interest of Americans what happened to your medical  for all?

Yes!! Thank you @POTUS
You mean trumpdontcare?
Incentive to join now & not wait till ill: "full coverage to those who join now or high deductibles on de-escalating scale over 5 years
Republicans have had 8+ years to come up with something. If they haven't done anything by now they aren't going to do anything!!
