Don't waste money on a wall that we can use for crumbling infrastructure--dams, bridges, airports, subways, ports, highways, etc.
For Roy Moore
Fox lies - to help GOP billionaire donors destroy the govt to cut their own taxes.  #foxlies #koch #LutherStrange
What an idiot.Integrity lost in Republican Party means bad policy for Americans.
That is big !!!
@lutherstrange @POTUS Umm, Luther is already there so keeping him there changes nothing,  dotard.
Vote for Judge Roy Moore. What are you thinking President Trump. McConnell clone you just wait and see Another DO NOTHING DRIVEN BY $$$$$
Nope #neverstrange
Nothing to say about his detestable comments about NFL players, Cornyn?
Hell NO!
Conservative over RINO Lobbyist
Roy Moore Alabama Senate #ALSen
#NoDACA and No Luther Strange
#MAGA
Ya didn't want to include the "son of a bitch" quote?
Watched the Luther Strange rally tonight. Must congratulate our Potus for giving so much of himself for a smaller election.
He gave so much of his time,I thought how lucky we are to have a president that gives so much 4us.Others would say I endorse.back to golf.
We are very lucky to have Pres Trump and I wish the media would tell truth about the good things he does.Someone's trying to block the truth
Roy Moore has his own mind. A vote for Strange is a strange vote if u care about America. He'll b McConnell's puppet just like McCain..
What does this have to do with Texas? Time better spent working with Dems to repair the ACA!
No thanks
Thankfully another epic failure on ACA repeal. Suck it, johnny.
Cornyn office misleading callers re support for healthcare bill.  They say he hasn't decided, meanwhile he's whipping votes for the bill.

A see through wall? Sane people call those "windows".
Trumpettes are ecstatic about DeraLeader's invention.
Be worth millions!
Senator, are you proud of POTUS encouraging a chant of "lock her up" about one of the most accomplished women in American history?
Accomplished people can commit crimes too.
Need to have KansasKrisKobach (KKK) check those friends and family member to make sure they are eligible to vote not more than 2 or 3 times
So, this man is who you support? Draft dodger who calls a peaceful protestor a "son of a bitch"? This is the person you support, Cornyn?
Strange/Moore seems like a lose/lose for Alabama

Fox News created the division in our nation.
How many Fox News stars  have been fired due to sexual harassment?  conservatives do not respect women.
What happened to being fair and balanced ? Are you giving Moore equal time ? It's election season after all.
What a joke. POTUS does not care for "big Luther" he's doing @SenateMajLdr a favor.  Luther is behind in the polls
Strange is a Swamp Creature!
An endorsement from Adolf Trump is an attack on the American people
Hope he loses

It's on the bottom of your paycheck, John.
We need more Luther strange type leaders
Moore:we need more MOOREs
Next it will be an "invisible" wall.
I have a MOORE better candidate!

I am waiting for election to vote democratic
Just have Russia fix this election too if you want him in so bad. Dotard
@lutherstrange like tRump & Pence is a vile evil racist white supremacist. They along with Faux work to destroy America. Strange is a danger

Soon after meeting with a mining CEO, EPA chief directed staff to withdraw a plan to protect Bristol Bay watershed http://cnn.it/2fncF1B  
You moving on him like a Bitch Donnie?
Why is he shilling so hard for a swamp creature?
No way
This is crazy,Luther is fucked. This is not endorsement  this is f ing Luther up

No more drama Alabama !!! Vote Doug Jones :democrat Doug Jones ! Healthcare , education , clean air and soil, jobs (nature took care of that
https://www.roymoore.org/ 
On the way
I are really loving da presideeent .. drrrrrrrrr
‘Big Luther Strange’ sounds like at nemesis of a super hero...
Doug Jones is the democratic choice in Alabama ! No more drama Alabama ... VOTE DOUG JONES
Thank you President Trump for being my President! Thanks for respecting the flag, thanks for your stand on abortion!  Save the babies!!!
If that's why you voted for him go check his stance in the past...
can we talk about the high number of Texas women who have died due to GOP laws? GOP hates women. Anti-life

Why?
Vote for Doug Jones !!! Flip this state to democrat and get this toxic waste out of here
Just not going to happen!
Vote to make America great again!
Only if you want amnesty and another Mitch McConnell sycophant, which America doesn't.
Grab a pussy too ! Wtf !! Lol
"Get a friend, go out, get a family member...and bring them out to vote for Roy Moore" and help drain the swamp!
Who doesn't luv the little girl in the "flag dress" on her dad's shoulder's.. priceless!!!
NO WAY! Cant believe Trump just announced its going to a "see thru wall" now...wtf
Knocking out of the park tonight
No it is NOT ok to take gifts and bribes and fundraise based on who pays to your PAC for favors! IT IS NOT OK!
"Get a Russian!"
#NASA wants to fly to #JewPeter!
#Trump

