Obamacare's failure is the Republicans fault? Who's lying? Obamacare has been a disaster from day one and the Democrats own it 100%.
Let "Trumpcare" at least pass and go into effect before you call it a failure.
It may not but that doesn't make it a failure. Just untried.
what do you try to say....you mean people do not need good heath care. Are you naive ?
I wonder why? Don't you wish you had helped your constituents now?
How much would have premiums gone up without ACA? You seem to always avoid that statistic.
Because of Republicans doing everything they could to make if fail with constant obstruction. Your baby now though. Don't screw us!
The GOP AKA Government Oppressing People
Talk about giving your friends in the govt a PAY Decrease#  they rake in$$galore using their position but forget voters! Out of touch
Quick question...How much has your premium increased?
Do your job.
She means, thank you for doing your job.
lmao fuck no they havent done a singke thing
Unacceptable
That is due to insurance companies. Not the #ACA
Not insurance companies. Goes right back to congress and states not fully implementing
that too. But insurance companies pulled out w no good reason
Any business that continues losing money is foolish.  They were promised subsidies to cover the high risk pool.  Congress withheld it.
Aetna's profits surpassed expectations last year. Stock is doing great. CEO made millions.
Their profit margins are less than 10%, more like 5%.  CEOs of most companies make millions, but less on average than professional athletes.
hospital profit margins are lower and so is the CEO pay. Insurance companies r greedy.
Nobody believes your lies. Start tweeting what is important.
130,000 only have 1 ACA choice, Blue Cross & State won't join federal health exchange; if new bill passes, will insurance providers return?
"No leaks, this is how we know we're a real family here" This is Ryan telling us he has no concern for US democracy
Well go figure...obama lied about healthcare from the onset-why would you believe anything he said
gop needs to take hcare agenda from dems....where is senate on ahca??
ACA is an insurance normalizing system, with flaws. BUT 47 million americans without health insurance as prior to ACA is UNACCEPTABLE!
Insurance does not equal care.  Obamacare gave it to some, but made insurance illusory for working people who now can't afford premiums.
Thank you for speaking out.  This is not OK.  We needed cheaper healthcare, not way more expensive healthcare.
So your plan is to revert them all back to 0 insurance. How kind of you. We're watching...
OK had so many more problems than that. #fixtheokbudgetfirst
That's what happens when the state didn't expand Medicaid and set up ACA to fail
2615 days @GOP had to help fix healthcare
2615 days later #Trumpcare & #Failure
2615 days still can't be part of the solutio
Should be fired
Fuck the republicans
Liars
Because you defunded all the price-stabilizing mechanisms of the ACA. It's failing because Republicans pulled it apart the very first day.
Did congress make payments to the insurance companies from the taxes it collected as required by the law to facilitate the lower premiums
This happened because @GOP has sabotaged ACA from inception, in tricky defunding ways, same as they gerrymander marginalized minority voters
Fix this. You know you can!
Compared to how much they'll spike after you screw us all over with the AHCA?

Hi @ChuckGrassley - I'd like to report a senior Republican official colluding with Russia's Marakov, his name is "Chuck Grassley" cc @FBI 
And premiums for AHCA will be significantly higher
Was it in the power if congress to apply a fix before the increase? Yes it was! Congress has failed the American people. Not .@POTUS44
My group rates went down .  Was that because of Healthcare reform or republican obstruction?

give up.  Liberals  can't admit the truth.
We are a game change. Healthcare paid through transit participation. Dr's power reduced by COMSAT. We see that too. Why can't you?
@JohnCornyn @SenatorLankford whatever you do, don't mention the Russians.
Privatize not Socialize Healthcare
Blame your own party for uncertainty in the market
Still better than Trumps attempt at health care...2018 is coming fast. Are you sure you want to continue to travel aboard this sinking ship?
You get what u deserve. Thanks Obama
Because of the insurance companies-not Obamacare. They chose to not cover people.
Because Obama was such a great president? (POS)
Work to fix it instead of fighting it every step of the way.
Improve it don't remove it. #ACA

 
And who's fault is that?  You reused to work with Obama. You spend 8 years doing nothing. Now you disgrace the United States.
BECAUSE @GOP undermined #ACA at every turn & you didn't follow through on legislation that woukd have prevented that kind of increase #Ass
Imagine if you put this kind of energy in working to lift Americans out of poverty instead of tax cuts to wealthy.
do that to their voters?  Donors?  Don't you work for your constituents best interests? NOT FREEDOM PARTNERS
Many states set it up to fail from the start. I don't understand the cruelty to those voters. How could the GOP
As long as you don't regulate the insurance companies, they will raise rates. Single payer is a much better option #HR676
What is wrong with you? How can you purposely destroy healthcare for Americans to give tax cuts to the wealthy
Why are you sabotaging it causing premiums to rise. POTUS is planning to further sabotage it hurting all of us.
This guy is utterly full of crap.
Did Republicans conspire with insurance CEOS to leave insurance markets to hurt Obamacare? CEOS have a lot to gain under GOP health plan
Try to screw us and make it lucrative to special interests and1% we will resist (2)
You consistently beat on OCare which we know has issue. Trumpcare is worse! Fix it and be fair and everyone will get behind it. (1)
You are distorting the facts. Perhaps you should talk about the successes like the millions of Americans who now have health insurance.
Oklahoma worked hard 2 screw the people just 2 make ACA look bad rather than fix it. They want cuts 4 rich & screw everyone else
So the solution is to throw more people off insurance? We get the problem but your solution is poison
"Markets" = making profits. There's no profit in providing good care to severely ill people, so companies raise prices. Single payer.
Blame the greedy insurance companies who only care about making bigger profits.
Keep deflecting from your failed presidential administration. As a Pennsylvania, I'll happily vote out any @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
This is mostly due to @GOP killing risk corridors, part of the original #ACA deal, hurting Americans for purely political purposes
Yeah because of republicans defunding it.
And the super power remained uncovered because you refused to expand Medicaid in Texas.
Super poor
Could that be because like TX, OK refused the expansion $ & subsidies? Former Okie, now 75189. NOT uneducated or stupid, tyvm.
Bull shit
The OK GOP broke the #ACA like the TX GOP did. You got what you wanted - weaker support for the disabled, elderly, and poor. Great job? #wtf
Increase caused by what GOP did to risk corridors, medicaid expansion and market chaos caused by DT threat to stop cost sharing deductions.
Be the hero & fix it instead of starting from scratch. The Constitution is flawed. They didn't toss it & start over; they added 27 fixes.
And they were rising before the ACA. you didn't care about it enough then to do anything about it. What changed??
As always: Republicans are the party of 'government doesn't work, elect us so we can prove it'.
Blame the legislation, never the insurers. Can't blame the people just making a buck. Even if it is costing lives.
@JohnCornyn @SenatorLankford you all are spreading lies and you all will pay in elections. You all will lose to single payer Dem
How much do you want to bet that OK refused to expand Medicaid to prevent that from happening?  Any takers?
Be honest John. Oklahoma is the biggest abuser of healthcare.
Your plan will make sure millions lose their insurance. That's not better.
What does the CBO say AHCA would cost? What? GOP did not request an audit? Why not?   Because it will probably cost billions more than ACA.
Hey Senators, wanna know what would fix that? #MedicareForAll Although your donors in private insurance would pitch a righteous fit.
Pls QUIT TALKING ABOUT IT&DO SOMETHING How Horrible that you remind OK voters either pay76%More or NO INSUR while Senate is SAFE& EXEMPT ACA
Republicans underfund programs, then claim they failed and must be killed by drowning in a bathtub. The GOP is a pro-birth death cult.
Comb over the real facts.  How much is it going up for people
Single payer is answer like many other countries with better health care have.
Wow you sure lie a lot! The reason for the increase in premiums is because Gov Fallin opted OUT of Medicaid Exp. http://okpolicy.org/new-report-shows-oklahomas-missing-refusing-medicaid-expansion/ …
Because insurance companies want to gouge the people of this nation. Learn from Canada, Australia and other developed countries.
Insurance companies just want to make a profit but must charge enough to cover claims and expenses. Without subsidies the rates must grow.
And CEOs get 6 or 7 figure incomes while deductibles, rates, and copays skyrocket
If you took the pay away from the top execs at the insurance companies it might make a couple dollar difference in premiums.
ACA was  and is being sabotaged. Stop spreading this propoganda. Try doing your job and fix it instead.
Sounds like Oklahoma need to elect Democrats then. Seems like repugnats failed the state.
He stands up and spreads misinformation. My rate came down and Obamacare is the best thing that came along for me.
All that is talked about is millions will lose their healthcare if ACA is repealed. Nothing said about rates going sky high for same people
show me the facts. I'm tired of @GOP making claims they never back up with actual data and facts. More tRump alternative facts????????
MayB if I keep talking
Ppl will think we keep working
No matter what's going on
Keep pushing 4 corporate& U
And what a shock @SenatorLankford that OK didn't chose the Medicaid expansion under the ACA which would've prevented the rising premiums!!
WOW!Americans want,higher premiums&less coverage.What we're the former president and legislators thinking.What a legacy!
TrumpDeathCare will kill millions. Blood on GOP hands
Red states knew this was a financial disaster so why support it. Maybe obozo should have let people read the law, not ram it down r throats
Premiums went up in states that wouldn't chip in to offset costs #keepACA
The GOP caused that tell the truth for once
So fix it but don't make it worse
You want to keep premium increases down?  Allow everyone of AARP age (50) to buy into Medicare.  You'll see downward premium pressures.
Are you assholes going to suspend the free markets in your bill?  No, then you need to stop deceiving the public.
@SenateGOP @SenatorLankford
not sure why you keep telling us what we already know. Do you think the left is going to embrace ACA-lite? Nope
How much did premiums go up in same market for employer provided insurance?
Stop using these scare tactics
A good reason to enact a healthcare solution which excludes insurance companies.Time for Universal Healthcare. @SenSanders @DNC @SenateDems
Senator, pay attention to circus and danger in W.H.
The he'll with Obamacare. Y'all need to get the Russians out of the White House.
And how many people were able to get insurance when previously unable? Oh right, you don't care about us for real....just money.
Blamed Congress for not having a state owned insurance co, private insurance com and politicians who get contribution from insurance cos.
Fuc# that get that #traiteur @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and his #family out of the WH
Anytime USG gets involved in health care you have to assume costs will rise with the addition of burdensome regulations & control of supply.
Did the premiums go down anywhere? Anything to learn?
Did they take the subsides? Tell the whole story
Single payer. Give the people something for their tax dollars.

I pay 15 bucks a pay for healthcare, have full coverage and no longer have to worry about rationing my visits to a specialist. Improve that!
All educated idiots: GOP &Demons, let o'care fail. see who cries first: cities or heartland?
Sad, Pulling out your greatest hits from 2013
such bs just help fix it
Then fix it, you guys had 8 years. American people aren't stupid.q
The ACA, which is it's rightful name, has bought the # of uninsured ppl to the lowest point in history, #Trumpcare would set us back decades
And your plan is going to make things MORE affordable? What cynical horseshit.
U GUYS R destroying the market and I want 2 know what your new plan would do 4 some1 like me. AZ REP W/ pre-existing conditions & a 10yr old
Son with autism and didn't enter the exchange but pay out of pocket for Drs. Your plan would have me pay too much because of lapsed coverage
I'm on a strict budget & your plan could cause me to NEVER get insurance 4 my family. U R supposed 2 help the American people not destroy
Fix ACA quit hurting American people, U guys R going to kill many millions of people both Dem & Rep and I'd never qualify 4 tax refund bc
I won't be able to afford health care. You R part of the party hope those big interest insurance companies give you lots of money to help
With all the American who will be hurt and or die bc what U R doing. $ help you sleep at night bc hey U have insurance and so does Ur family
#DoYourJob and help the American people not harm them! Wish election was now bc Rep will be out!
Only stupid people compar apples vs oranges... totally different coverage
We demand #medicareforall #singlepayer 
We do not want market forces influencing our health care system.
How bout stop trying to kill the American ppl and start caring about the future of this nation instead of YOUR KICKBACKS!
GA 60% in my industry location.
You know what would solve it all? Medicare for all
So if under trumpcare premiums go up should it be repealed?
But didn't you hear Gruber say that the premium increases were caused by President Trump. LMAO
You should be worried about the country not your agenda for pushing your bad healthcare reform. You're all liars.
Maybe you should take that issue up with the insurance companies and their CEOs who continue to make BIG profits on Wall Street.
Perhaps .@senateGOP should stop taking insurance lobby donations, that would drastically reduce the need for insurer's high profits?
GOP; better than Obamacare is taking that money away fr poor people to give tax breaks t millionaires. 
GOP is at fault. GOP controls house. GOP controls purse. GOP wants it to fail. They don't care about people only money. GOP sux.
Because you sabotaged it
...ok, then what?
So fix it and quit talking about it
Hey GOP try universal healthcare it is the only thing better.
If they set up exchanges they would of went down. But thats what the people of Oklahoma voted for. Higher ins costs. Vote smarter next time
You have to remember if you made more $$ You were going to pay more and the gov pays less. That is how subsidies work. So stop crying wolf
THEN FIX IT!  Don't rip 24M out of insurance so you can say 'you're right'.  PEOPLE over party.  Will you all never learn?
Back your President
Because OK didn't expand and didn't use the market the way it was supposed to - oh.. and ...insurance execs still got huge bonuses!
so fix it with medicare for all
And you could have fixed that instead of willfully standing by and making it fail.  This is on you.


That's due to the abject greed of the insurance companies has nothing to do with the ACA!
Before ACA my premiums were going up  17-24% a year It's less than half that now That is still a ridiculous amount We need true hc reform
#GOPHypocrisy #DeathSpiralFakeNews #GOPMarketDestabilization
Thanks to your party holding funds promised insurance companies. Shame on you.
Obama lied.
It's simple: They're either incapable of knowing how to fix healthcare or they lied to us  having alternative motives. 1payer(V.A.)4US 
Add life insurance and disability which was standard and I'm paying ninety a week. God forbid you have to add a family to it.
