You were wrong to dismiss and disrespect Merrick Garland.
Why, Republicans wouldn't even consider Obama nomination of a judge to fill the vacancy, endangering the entire legal process of our nation
Republicans were wrong to not even hold a hearing for Garland! Advise and consent, not obstruct and ignore!
paybacks bell isn't it when you guys sat on your laurels last year. Didn't do your job!
No confirmation while WH is under investigation. #nogorsuch
no they wouldn't be wrong.  he thinks a truck driver should die rather than leave his truck.  pro corp and anti women.  geez  wake up
Release Trump's taxes to an independent investigation of Russian influence on this administration
No they wouldn't. The @GOP  was wrong for not even putting Garland up for consideration.  You are all hypocrites.
@SenSchumer @NancyPelosi there's nothing wrong. At 1st I thought maybe no, but know I'm a definite "Let's Filibuster"
Kind of like how you were wrong to block vote on Merrick Garland? Lol hypocrites
And why weren't the republicans WRONG for blocking Garland? Trump isn't a legitimate president
Wake up, Thom. Your hypocrisy is showing #NoGorsuch
@SenThomTillis @JohnCornyn @CNN
#GarlandGoesFirst
They are always wrong.
Two words for the GOP:  Merrick Garland
Wrong again. When a billionaire finances an ad campaign to get a Supreme Court judge seated, that makes him a bought judge.
@SenThomTillis republicans are wrong when they ignore voters and refuse to be held accountable to their constituents. 
See you in April.
@SenThomTillis @JohnCornyn @CNN Then I don't wanna be right. #resist
#NuclearOption #NukeTheFilibuster
Nope. Their base which is the majority wants them to block every action by #GOP- we don't live in a monarchy.
Is it really possible for any Republican senator to make that statement with a straight face?
Republicans would be wrong to vote on a #SCOTUS nominee while the president is being investigated for possible treason. #CountryOverParty
You are believing #FakeNews. #FakeRussia narrative is getting old.
Senate republiCONs were wrong to not hold hearings and eventual confirmation vote for Garland.  But now Dems must acquiesce. #CrookedGOP
Says you.  There is such a thing called principle. I know you've forgotten.
Just like GOP Senators blocking 79 of Obama's lower court appointees?!!! Hypocrites
Corporations are not people. FILIBUSTER!
.@gop would be wrong to put forth a candidate who is backed by dark money, but you're still doing it. NO VOTE until #RussiaGate resolved.
Gorsuch has demonstrated willingness to allow employers to impose religion on employees.  GOP, you don't own us. Vote no on Gorsuch.
Amen!!
@SenateDems No on Gorsuch.
Just like the republicans were wrong to not vote on Garland.
If the do they put party politics and obstruction ahead of doing hat is right for America.  Never forget Schumer voted for him in 2005!
I never expected my government to allow itself to be pro Russian, and support #Putin pick for #SCOTUS.
NO on #gorsuch with #Trumprussia
Screw that
It was wrong to deny a hearing on Garland. Where were your complaints then?
More wrong than blocking hearings on Merrick Garland?  I think not!
Merrick Garland
Hypocrites much?
Not as wrong as Senate Republicans were to block Merrick Garland. You do NOT have the high road on this one.
No more wrong than u were to not hold a vote for Garland!
No, @SENATEGOP  was wrong for refusing Garland a hearing for over 200 days. You bunch of immoral losers!!
Disagree. He is a nominee of a questionable Administration. Stop being partisan and think about it. Bannon/Mercer choice.
no they will not
Republicans WERE wrong to block a vote on Merrick Garland...  Huh, something biting you in the ass?
No sir senator. I'm from Texas you're supposed to represent me and I say NO to him. Have you even listened to us?
Hey, @JohnCornyn do you see any irony here? Any at all? No? #Resist #Hypocrisy #Feckless
After Garland, John, nor any other republican, including myself has any right to dictate right and wrong to the Dems on Gorsuch.
Dems need to do this 'cause you & your kind don't have the courage to stand up for all of us!  Where is your Town Hall so you can hear us!
Republicans were wrong to block Merrick Garland from even getting a hearing. Republicans now have zero credibility.
No Probe, No Robe.  #Trumprussia investigation must be complete before any vote on #SCOTUS held, leave them at 8.  NO on Gorsuch
I hope to see him fillibustered. I hope he is not seated, but equally important is tying senate up from causing more damage. ISP?
Republicans were even worse to treat Merrick Garland the way they did and not even interview him. What a hypocrite.
John, no matter how many times you RT this link, you can't make yourself correct.
until you complete the #Trumprussia investigation, nope. We are just fine with 8. #PostponeGorsuch
WHY? What kind of hearing did the Republicans give President Obama's nominee??
LOLOLOL. Merrick Garland, you toadies for tRump. Plus, FFS, you've set a precedent: no SCOTUS in the last year of a POTUS's term. Right? 
Whatever you may have read, the GOP scuttling of the Garland nomination _was_ without precedent. It _did_ destroy our nomination system.
Merrick Garland much?
You are wrong for supporting any nominee of 45s.
And John is wrong to not hold a town hall for his constituents
You BLOCKED Everything for Garland so What goes around comes around!!!
Stolen Supreme Court Justice Seat.Oh . and there is that little thing....President being investigated.
Voting to #confirmgorsuch  = #vote for #Russia!
Republicans would be wrong to use the nuclear option.  Goes around comes around,  Illegitimate government.
@SenateDems #Gorsuch is only for the oligarchy not for #WeThePeople #NoGorsuch  Keep him in the lower court
Just like GOP blocked DEM isn't that calling the kettle black. No supreme court judge should be voted on until Russia is taken care of
Republicans were wrong not to hold hearings on Obama nominee
Stop with the intimidation. It's right to vote #NoGorsuch until Investigation is done
Russia?
Vote No to #Gorsuch and Absurd Rulings. He belongs in Lower Courts. Not fit for #SCOTUS seat. Gorsuch would be a DISASTER for US
Funny, it's fine when the Republicans do the same thing!
Merrick Garland
Nuke em!
Do you think Flynn asking for immunity because he innocent!  he & Trump are not. Treason Trump has no right to choose any position period
Gorsuch is NOT for people.He's pro corporations. He feels Corp IS a person that's wrong. You know it I know it. 2016 blocked by GOP wrong
No they would be right to block the vote. You've been blocking Garlands vote and hearing for over a year!
All this propaganda won't make Gorsuch smell any better. Are you all trying to convince yourselves?
At least they had hearings with the candidate!! More than anything GOP did for Garland.  If you go nuclear, you'll regret once Dems are back
Senate Republicans are doing this for their own pockets. It was never for the people.
Were Republicans wrong to refuse Garland a hearing? I wish you would own that you started this mess. Work together. #DoYourJob
NO PROBE, NO ROBE!!!!
There's no justification for a no vote except to politicize an appointment of a judge. Not a criterion, democrats. Your slip is showing
Wait...no justification? So they shouldn't use discretion? What if a candidate is unqualified or grossly corrupt? Why even have hearings
then? Hell, why even have a Congress? Let's let our POTUS be a dictator for his entire term! What rubbish.
Guarantee when the Dems have control again you'll be screaming to anyone who'll listen to deny their nom. Bet you already did with Garland.
(If you were even paying attention at the time)
They're doing exactly what you did!!  And we support them. You better jump ship soon, Senators.
@TheDemocrats aren't "accepting the results of the election"! Time has EXPIRED TO MOVE ON AND UNITE! They should be censored/fined/FIRED!
NO VOTE till Trump/Russian scandal figured out!! You look like bungling fools.
What if we find a legitimacy issue at the top that means nothing done under that individual would be legitimate it would be a bigger mess
No Senate Repubs, we saw what you did with Garland, now you want a lifetime appointment under a POTUS who under investigation for treason?
Block block they did it to us we do it to them have them beg us and after 2018 we see
DISAGREE
They most definitely should block it. We need to trust our executive branch before it makes lifetime appointees #investigatetrump #WeObject
The Senate confirms SCOTUS Judges not the president. Educate yourself a little.
Would anybody be surprised if the democrats  did something wrong? I'm disgusted and finished with them. EXPOSE THEIR SECRETS. #MAGA
u do know that the term MAGA has become tarnished, right? Represents all the flaws of the new DC swamp and GOP failures
no. Were republicans wrong to block a vote on Garland? YES. This is a nominee by a person investigated by the FBI. They are right to block
They can't block diddly . Senate will go nuclear and confirm him without Dems. Like Obama said, if you don't like it Get behind the bus!
Watch out on 2018.
Nancy Pelousy lost the house for you before. She won't get it back. Schumer is just as much of an idiot. You may lose more seats with them.
Totally disagree. This POTUS should not get to assign #SCOTUS until #RussiaInvestigation complete. We can wait.
When it comes to confirming Judge Neil Gorsuch for the Supreme Court HE’S JUST AS QUALIFIED AS THE NEXT WHITE JUDGE I’ll be treated the same
What is that supposed to mean?
Did daddy Putin not give thumbs up to Garland?
We, the People, demand a delay on voting on Gorsuch until the Trump/Russia investigation is done.
It was wrong to block previous nominee but GOP did.
Dems would be wrong to allow #PutinsPuppet @realDonaldTrump to place a SCOTUS. #Resist #TrumpRussia #RIPGOP2018
Get rid of @realDonaldTrump @VP  and @SpeakerRyan
Approve him so Pelosi will be able to understand why he is OK
I'm disgusted by you,
