Mr Trump has rejected the view of modern science and relied on the idea of alternative facts rather than evidence-based truth.
Says the man who took $3 million from the oil and gas lobby. Sorry, Senator, not betting my childrens' future on your bought opinion.
Silliness is you accepting everything he is doing to destroy the fabric of our country.  I thought you had strong ethics....disappointing
Cornyn has already sold out. Party before country for this man.
nope more fact
pass ahca or mcconnell and u need to be fired.
If only you cared about normal middle class Texans the way you court millions of dollars from oil companies. P.S. Gravity is real
What is really silly is a US Senator representing 26 million citizens would continue to shill for the climate deniers.  #FailedUSSenator
Silliness!"??? Summers is right you small minded unAmerican dunce, grow up!!
Science is not silliness.  Something the rest of the world seems to understand.
Get out and meet with your constituents. You are as bad as 45 hiding behind twitter
45's rejection of fact-based policy making is not "silliness." It is dangerous to us and the entire world.
Its not silly, it's the truth.
If nothing else, this should get you fired
Sen. cronyn, what do you mean by "more silliness"?  #atexas trumper
There you go, good boy. Daddy Koch will be happy.
People with opposing views are not "silly." Your rejection of those who think differently than you demonstrates your lack of intelligence.
John, I really thought you were smarter than that. Your recent tweets are indeed silliness.
Owned by Oil and Gas... No shred of decency to be had with Sen. Cornyn. Take the money and run. Climate Change is Somebody else's Problem.
Not silliness....
John Cornyn is so bought off by oil and gas.  2018.
as in it's silly that you keep trying to defend Trump? yes. we're all tired of it. #Castro2020
Trump believes exercise depletes the finite amount of energy his body is given. That's silliness
No John, not silliness, blatant stupidity..
John, PAY ATTENTION! What are you doing, tweeting and texting? Trump is not reality-based. If you don't see that, then neither are you.
C'mon, John. Going all in with Trump, a guy who believes in easily debunked conspiracy theories & lies as a matter of course, is a bad idea.
https://twitter.com/Mikanojo/status/871493011351379972 …  Trump is diminishing America. We are turning into a banana republic under his "leadership".
i can add a bit to that list... 
This weekend AGAIN, another $3,000,000 of OUR TAX DOLLARS went to the "Trump Organization". That is despicable.
Australia just laughed at President Trump. North Korea finds him useful. ISIS finds him useful. #impeach45 before America is a failed State.
That is the House's job but hopefully @JohnCornyn will be up to listen to evidence and convict and not be in DJT/@SenateMajLdr 's pocket.
Townhall please!
Please explain @JohnCornyn.  Do you have anything more than offhand dismissal to support your case? Stop being a trump puppet.
Cronyn is both puppet and nanny.
You know what's silly? The fact that a bunch of white men invent the rules for women and people of color. Would you like the other way round
You will regret siding with that crazy person currently occupying the white house.
#scienceisnotaliberalconspiracy #climatechangeisreal
I'm pretty sure a Harvard prof emeritus knows more about science than you or Trump.
Definitely, more silliness
Is it? Seems like climate change was rejected pretty easily.
You think this is silly? Are you really that f*ing arrogant?
You're right, finally! Mr. trump is silliness.
Silliness???  Your master must be paying you well!!
Trump has said the theory that humans contribute to climate change a hoax on multiple occasions.  You think that's silly?
Or do you have insight into his current thinking on this subject? So many conflicting accounts of his views it's hard to know what to think.
Which part is silly, exactly. I'd ask in person if you weren't too much of a coward to do a townhall.
Annoying 
You're falling right in behind Trump being an embarrassment. How's the view?
@VP Senator, the real Silliness is coming from WH on daily basis in the form of ludicrous, juvenile, hostile tweets! Stop them!
It appears that not too many qualified/credible folks want any part in the tRump administration. Inc YOU!NOT Dems fault at all!
Your comments blaming gaping holes in DOD, State Dept on Dems dragging heels is BS. WHHouse NOT nominating deputies&assts to focusPowerUp
Former Secy of Treasury statement is "silliness", not refuted by you with facts on your side?  That's not silliness, just incompetence.
He put a climate change denier in charge of the EPA, left the #ParisAccord wants to bring back coal jobs, where's the evidence FOR science?
Lol John that is pitiful. Silliness that is your explanation for your backward ignorance of not believing climate science?   Ignorance
Explain to me what is silly about denying climate change? Ashamed you and @tedcruz are my Senators
the end of your term can't come soon enough.
Country over party. What if Hillary Clinton was behaving like trump? You would be calling for impeachment.
The house of cards is going to fall and you will go down with it.
$3 million from oil cos. & we're supposed to believe you rather than scientists? Talk about silliness
Lots of scientific evidence skeptical of man-made climate change, & global warming. CO2 is natural to the environment like oil/natural gas
Keep telling yourself that while you keep cashing those checks from your favorite polluters!
Twitter does require pithy answers, however all you do is provide a short negative with no counterpoint. Is this because you have no thought
Again, you're a pathetic shell of your former self. I may not have agreed with you but I respected you. No more. Shame on you. #TrumpLackey
Bullshitb a small group of scientist say its real. What proof have you that its real besides, "i heard somebody say its real?"
Have you always been so incredibly stupid or has Trump's America made you regress?
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words by leaders will kill my planet! #hypocrite #DoYourJob #impeachTrumpPence #resist
Could you be more condescending to the rest of the world (except Russia, Syria and Nicaragua ) and more than half your constituents?Shameful
The idea that our shithole president thinks climate change is a hoax is "more silliness."
Know what I love about science? It doesn't care what you think. It doesn't care about your politics or religious beliefs. Science is fact.
So where has the GOP been denouncing this for years? The GOP is nothing more then Dems. You wonder why Trump won? It is because of you rinos
I cannot believe that in a country as advanced and powerful as the USA, we are constrained by morons who do not believe in SCIENCE
Other countries don't even HAVE this debate! Climate change is accepted! But noooo we look like morons!
And then somehow elect chuckleheads who are so stupid we can't accomplish anything!
Uh, not silliness, truth. Dude thinks climate change is a hoax when the vast majority of the scientific community is warning us about it
Well the first step is admitting your problem....next, what are you gonna do about your silliness, John?
You mean from Trump, right? Because I know who is the intellectual powerhouse, and who is the buffoon.
I hope you don't debate in the Senate with these same tactics. This is a counter argument my 2nd Grader would make. HOW is this silly?
What I find silliness is your continued alignment with @GOP and BigBusiness rather than your constituents. #Midterms
The "silliness" is that the good people of Texas elected a crook like you.
Lawrence, Geology 101, Earth gets hot, Earth gets cold,Earth gets hot,Earth gets cold. For the last 4.5 billion years. Get a grip.
On your part?
The residents of Hawaii don't think so (https://www.theatlantic.com/science/archive/2017/05/the-ghost-of-climate-change-future/528471/ …). Nor do your constituents in Galveston. If only you cared about them.
Then explain what you see as true and stop giving these snippy comments.  My God, you're supposed to be a leader, not a teenager.
I think Trumps main goal is to renegotiate that Paris Accord, read his book, you will have an idea of his game plan. and your playing along.
You are a nightmare
the word is not silliness; the fact that trump,@EPAScottPruitt don't believe in science is alarming.  Remember he said it was the Chinese
Glad leaving the #ParisAccord is such a light hearted matter for you. As your campaign coffers brim over with Oil and Gas money.
John Cornyn is the silly one.
Your attempts to distract from Trump's embarrassing and dangerous antics aren't working.  Can't wait to vote you and Cruz out.
The silliness is this tweet, again. Since you deny science, does that also include medical research, which Trump wants to ax? Real silly.
Kindly expand, Senator.
You are dead wrong. The majority of American people care about this. Your jpb.is in jeopardy. Does benadryl help allergy to facts? 
Instead of making stupid statements, how about a townhall?
From trumpster fire and the sycophant GOP! EVERY DAMN DAY!
So Trump is now the authority on science? Are we also supposed to believe that 1+1=3? "Alternative facts" was coined by his administration.
I don't understand ur obsession with constantly poking the bear.  U just make ur self look awful everyday. Of corse climate change real.
What do you expect from a Senator from Texas? He's just another tool for the Oil & Gas Industry!
Which part? The report, or the fact that he has said multiple times, on camera, that he doesn't believe in climate change?
Sir, the @POTUS is mentally unstable.  Redeem your reputation by condemning him!
Do you have an argument to make, or will you rest with the phrase "more silliness"? #ParisAccord #ParisClimateDeal #Parisclimateaccord
Funny how many of the so-called "conspiracy theories," later turn out to be fact. Why would anyone deny plausibility without inquiry?
@LHSummers @FT you're right, more silliness from TRUMP @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @washingtonpost @nytimes @AltStateDpt @indtx36
Please explain.
The whole sum of this bull is not climate. Follow the Money. Job justification is key. Theories horse dung and climate deal is about money.
Not silliness, truth. Why would trump believe in science if he thinks climate change is a hoax?
Don't argue with him. Vote his ass out! #VoteThemOut #JohnCornynHasToGo #NoGOP
America is honoring the Paris accord with our without you.
How is that silly? It's completely, calmly accurate.
Prove it's wrong. Prove that 97% of scientists are wrong. I dare you.
So what do you call not hosting town hall meetings in Texas? I call it scared. 

CASTRO for US Senator 2020
Umm, yes. But the silliness is all coming from the GOP side of the aisle. Also, not "silliness" but "mind-numbing stupidity"
What's your non-silly scientifically justified and well-researched plan for collaborating with other nation-states to fight climate change?
You will pay for selling out to trump? Did he make you swear allegiance to him? Vote Cornyn out of office! Let's clean the swamp!
I agee @JohnCornyn. But to say @realDonaldTrump is silly is such a huge understatement!
You are a fake senator.
Care to sight evidence to the contrary?
What are you talking about? Answer this question directly: are you a denier on the topic of climate change?
Seriously??? Did Putin supply you w/your own personal troll to run your Twitter acct or have you just lost your mind (&moral compass)?
@JohnCornyn it's not silly if it's happening right before our very eyes coal is dead green is booming
Senator, when are you going to put our country over power-mongering and being a party hack? Do you have any integrity?
Town hall in Dallas?  We'll invite a scientist, you can explain why it's silly, why you won't investgt Russ $$, influence. Why??
Trump's about as silly as they come. We thought you knew better, but we're clearly mistaken. We're watching & we vote.
What's wrong with you?
Evidence - like computer projections based on massaged data?
Johnny Pooh - because you don't believe it?
Remind me which rock do you live under
Glad you think climate change is silly.  How much $ have u accepted from fossil fuel companies?
Science is silly. The earth is flat and 6000 years old. #ForesightIs2020
Oh John. Why don't you sit in on some of Texas' fine science teacher's classrooms and get an education for yourself?
I'll tell you silliness. #idpol & #idleg cut climate change science from the curriculum of #idaho schools. 99.9% of scientists agree.
Religion is more important than science here. Science can prove things as fact, and the Bible cannot prove anything..
Silliness is throwing all in with the overgrown school yard bully in the WH. Or tweeting at instead of meeting with your constituents.
Why won't Algore & Obama travel with fewer people & vehicles if they r so worried? It appears they don't really believe in global warming.
Giving away billions of $ a year 2 other countries doesnt get us closer 2 cooler. We have & will continue to reduce our own in our own way.
Ridiculous. Maybe she science says climate change is wrong
What exactly do you contest? You think Trump is acting according to scientific consensus? Hahahahaha
Why is this silliness? You can rattle off at the mouth, but it means nothing if you can not explain why you believe this is silliness.
@LHSummers @FT so you do not believe climate change is real, which means you know better than almost all experts & science? HACK
John, you are in bed with Trump. So ready to vote against your re-election.
That's the best word you can come up with, Mr Cornyn? How about a couple of sentences explaining your position please.
Science is silly? So not proud you are my senator.
It's absolutely a matter of FACT what the scientists and Pentagon told him. He needed a "win". Following him here will not be good for you.
Oh, John, you're so profound. I really wish you'd stop kissing up to that twit & #DoYourJob before you lose all remaining cred #2020iscoming
Stop taking us for fools.
You aren't just on the wrong side of history on this one.  You are on the "let them eat cake" wrong side of history.
#BRICKWALL who refuses to bend for his constituents. @JohnCornyn states that he is honored to represent the great State of Texas. Silliness
Wow. Johnny
While I agree with you that Trumps rejection of science is silly, I'm surprised you'd tweet such a thing
You really know how to act like an entitled old white man. Shall we get off your lawn?
Please explain?
yes trump would be extremely silly if he weren't so tragic
Well, at least you're not a cheap date.  It took $3 million to get you to destroy the planet.
Silliness?you mean rejecting the PCA, an agreement the ENTIRE WORLD signed up for save Syria?Or the obstruction of justice thing?Wealthcare?
If you don't believe in climate change, I assume you also don't believe in medical science. Please quit going to your doctor.
Denial is easy. All you have to say is "I don't believe it."

That does not, however, refute all of the data and conclusions of scientists.
@LHSummers @FT Cornyn explain silliness using facts. Your obnoxious, ignorant views will cost you soon, we vote.
Science before party, Maj Whip. TX colleges & universities can help you w/basic science & publishing townhall schedule, too.
Why do you hate things like Science, Facts, & teachings of Christ ?
Actually that's 100% true
What, exactly, is silly about facts, Senator?
I doubt @LHSummers indulges in silliness Comrade.@realDonaldTrump 's moronic attitude to everything was bigly on display over #londonbridge
I'm not a scientist but I'm a  smart educated women an a mother of 3 amazing adult kids. This is not silliness! Talk to us !
Let me guess: take him seriously not literally. Because he has literally stated things at odds with modern science.
@LHSummers @FT what is pathetic is to have a bunch of uneducated, out of touch people in office who'd rather serve the 1%
GOP mayors in TX don't deny the science apparently you do! So maybe you should resign and let someone who cares about country and planet
IF ONLY the #GOP cared about America. We can pray... https://twitter.com/Mikanojo/status/871493011351379972 …  So far, they care only about Party. America needs patriots.
i can add a bit to that list... 
Still safer to tweet than meet. Right Texans?
@LHSummers @FT you are tiresome and silly.
"Ignorance Is Strength" 

This message brought to you by the Ministry of Truth.

#1984wasright
Science is not a consensus! Larry S we are so over you!
I agree, John. It is silliness of Trump to reject the consensus view of scientists. So is his administration's use of "alternative facts".
Science is silliness to you? A president who doesn't understand science or the Paris Climate Accord. Heaven help us, you're doing nothing.
Fake News and now this? Is this really the best you can do?
Really? So you're more qualified as a scientist than the former President of Harvard University? Why do you continue to misrepresent Tx, J?
The outrage I feel reading a politician @JohnCornyn commenting "silliness" sounding condescending..how dares he minimizing the issue ugh
The sad part, John, is that you're discrediting Texans. When will you show leadership?
Silliness, huh? Why do you continue to defend the indefensible?
Why don't you have a town hall in Austin and tell us what's so silly about science?
When all the dust settles, you will be exposed as someone who protected a criminal solely for your party. You really want to go to prison?
Hey Senator @JohnCornyn's Social Media Intern: sober up, dude. If ur boss ever reads these tweets gonna be hard to splain
He & his office claim he does all his own tweeting. #heisthesillyone
The quality of his tweets is so low I can't believe an intern could have done them.
I refuse to engage in anything with an adult, much less a senator, who repeatedly ignores science & uses the word SILLY to do it. Ridiculous
Any tiny bit of of respect I still had for you is gone.
Just get ready to ask Comey about email and discredited executive orders since you're speaking as expert on silliness.
