Most historically negative socially impactful event since Jim Crow legislation post civil war.
Since the plan is so great i guess you won't mind if instead of calling the plan TrumpCare we call it RepublicanCare. #AHCA
And you publicly brag about hanging poor people out to dry while you hand over billions in tax cuts to the rich.
what Ryan says about Medicaid "overhaul" is pure BS. He's been gunning to take away healthcare from the poor forever
ahca is a good bill, freedom caucus in house and sen. paul should support.
Why is your only source the Examiner? You seem to like biased media a lot...
release Trumps  taxes. Nothing any of the gop says matters until u release trumps taxes We know trump doesnt because he's guilty
Yeah, "historic" as in you and your cronies will be portrayed in history books in the worst way.
The more Ryan/Republicans Tweets about something, the more you know it's going to be terrible for Americans
Yeah such an atrocity against the poor and elderly population of an entire country would be 'most historic'
Is it OK to let someone suffer or die if they are too poor to afford treatment? That, Senator, is really what #Trumpcare debate comes to.
such bull shit, Ryan and you have no idea what you are doing, you are not Americans, you are Russian puppets
Just stop.  Each of these tweets claiming Congress is going to make it better means you're or a liar or an idiot
healthcare for all Americans is a right, not entitlement
Ryan doesn't actually care if people are insured.
do you?
you won't let drugs b imported from Canada won't let Medicare negotiate drug prices-won't fix ACA--you are puppet of big $
Most idiotic reform ever...voters will remember, even those you think will be loyal, they won't be....
Life, the first of 3 in Declaration of Independence is an "entitlement" to the GOP, without healthcare-no life
Overhaul the insurance industry who put the cost of a policy out of reach for millions of people
Many R’s are calling this a true death panel. You’ve actually been pushing the death panel concept for 7 years now.
Did you tell everyone about the other bill you want to pass ?Your Genetic Information is forced by employers to charge you more
Sorry. Not going to happen!
I understand with the age tax Ryan want to purge me .But children really ?
Since I have never got entitlement  but the republicans are now taking money I paid into medicare and giving it away
Cutting services to children & disabled is not reform. And giving big tax cuts to the rich is par 4 the GOP course.
you don't get it-Medicaid provides help to those among us who most need it
why are the Rs so set against "the least of these" as Jesus would say.Why do you dispise the vulnerable?What did your soul cost?
Medicaid is not an entitlement it is necessary for many low income people in order to get health care.
Reform will come in 2020 when Americans "reform" the Senate and vote your ass out.
You're putting politics over people, @JohnCornyn. We'll remember this when you are running for reelection.
It's not an overhaul, it's a gutting. Your constituents are paying attention.
If you count wealth transfers from poor to rich as "reform", its midrange.
"entitlement reform"?! throw grandma to the ground
does it feel good to take away healthcare from millions?
Right now low-income pregnant women in TX are eligible for Medicaid till they give birth. Cut Medicaid & what happens? Death?
TX maternal death rates are surging, the highest among industrialized countries. 23.8 deaths per 100k births in 2014. A scandal.
"touts" is the key word, facts say otherwise.
John, your constituents do not agree with you.   Grow a pair and think for yourself and your Texas people!  Coward!!
just repeal this whole deal and then put something in place if you want congress to have control
So Perry screwed Texas and now Ryan will put the nails in the coffin of the poorer Texans. Nice job Senator.
for the Rich
oh and way to boost profits for big insurance companies who of course hate anything like affordable health care
and if giving the wealthy a big tax break but crushing the middle class
if by "overhaul" you mean gutting … and if "entitlement reform" means slashing Medicare and Social Security
Please, call it RepubliCare. They all own this travesty. Trump is gone in 60 more days.
And every major medical association has come out against it. You are a partisan hack.
The Medicaid overhaul in GOP bill will gradually take healthcare from many. Reform? No. Cruel? Yes.
I need you to refer to your subsidized healthcare as "entitlements."
do u personally know a grandparent who is in a nursing home because of Medicaid?  Our most vulnerable will be hurt Shame on u!!!
so are you going to give up your healthcare as well?  Seems only fair since you're so in favor of taking ours away
Healthcare is a human right.
give us your health insurance! We are Not asking we,are demanding
I'm sure he thinks that. I call it 'homicide of poor people by their own government'. #resist #SaveACA
;  The unemployed have no access to healthcare nor insurance.
be honest, you/GOP are trying to get a groupon health plan for your Viagra... how about 77840 #TownHall to discuss
How is Medicare an entitlement when we pay for it?
I see this statement as simply getting ready to throw Ryan under the bus. Good call by the senate majority whip.
returns massive dark money.
I'm a nurse. I see how much people depend on MCR and MCD. People will die without it. Will this be your legacy?
yes it is all about Ryan making history
historic in what u will be taking from our most vulnerable. Seriously, how does this improve lives of constituents?
expect a letter from yours truly, a constituent, on how this will hurt 100,000s Texans, including my daughter w/ASD
*not in a good way
what? Full repeal! Use Medicare program, part A. Supplemental insurance private marketplace. Eliminate Medicaid! Duh
Ryan can tout whatever & U can quote him but it won't change that Ryan, U, & GOP R screwing over all but wealthy.
the gop are nothing but scammers.
Well if Ryan says it then it must be true. 
It will be a horrible overhaul for the people with the least. Very unChristian bill. #Trumpcare #TrumpDontCare
He said that without irony? Why do you read the Examiner instead of a reputable source?
Good to know where you stand, Senator. Looking forward to 2020 and voting against you, assuming you run again.
You DO understand why block granting Medicaid is going to kill people, right? And that we're entitled to it bc we pay for it?
Just another GOP plan to steal from the poor to give to the rich.
finally a tax cut for the ultra wealthy.... hallelujah
Most preposterous, damaging and inept overhaul ever. Poor argument using Ryan.
Yeah, historically beneficial to entitled fucks like you, @tedcruz and @POTUS at the expense of the working class
.......while everybody else knows better.
How is something I paid into my entire life an "entitlement"
Not Medicaid.
