If you're human this chart should worry you.
we're not worried.. with trump being such a disaster we're going to have a huge comeback in 2018
.@JohnCornyn @Zelidasquare @washingtonpost If you're a Democrat apparently you don't have a clue what those red areas are.
This is what you're doing with your time? Gloating instead of fixing TX probs? Disgusting. #TrumpEffect
I'm absolutely a Democrat, @JohnCornyn, & I vote in Texas which is swiftly turning blue again.  We're watching.
If you had read to the end you'd know that "pride comes before the fall.
Except Trump's not a republican, he's a showman demagogue.  Not really healthy.
This only concerns me because Trump is steamrolling smart republicans like yourself. Stand up.
Yeah, blatant gerrymandering will do that.
Or this one.....#Texaslib
Answer your phones.
Your constituents are trying to call.
He's too busy tweeting like our moronic @potus !
I'm a constituent. Vote NO to DeVos/Pruitt/Sessions. Rein in DJT.  Or I will not vote for you come reelection.
please spend more time represented the people of TX
Imagine if everyone registered to vote actually could.   Number disenfranchised by Cross check= 2M
is your intent to clarify your hatred of the tens of thousands of your constituents who are democrats?
dems still outnumber the republicans in this country. GOP only wins elections by stealing them. #NoBanNoWall #SwampCabinet
yet NO ONE elected Steve Bannon
As a human being and a constituent, your lack of leadership and a backbone worries me.
2018!!!!!
You should be worried. Texan’s aren’t going to put up with you ignoring us come your re-election.
GOP is the regressive party. You are greedy and do not represent the majority.
You should be worried if you don't start speaking out against these outlandish EOs. Repubs about to get booted. - Constituent
the county map has s even more impressive!
Seriously, what is this?  Gloating about gerrymandering?  Answer your phones!
keep going like you are and those maps will look different in 2018 #resistance #trumpcarnage
As a Dem in Texas how do you represent my interests?Education affects you and I, please vote #nobetsydevos
sir, you worry me.
Remember, you will come up for reelection and I know lots of Texans, including myself, that are itching to vote you out!
I vow to NEVER vote for another Democrat the rest of my life. At 63 years, w/ 40 yrs supporting Democrat party
We will win again if you don't stand up for us all.  Muslims, women, and other constituents.  I vote in TX.
these numbers will change direction when you allow Trump "to brand" what is the definition of Republican.
Senator, due respect, but as long as our leaders taunt those with opposing views, neither party is 'healthy.'
If @JohnCornyn spent as much time working for Texans as he does attacking Democrats he wouldn't have to use partisan hackery to get votes
If you're @GOP Bannon owning you should disturb you. #impeachtrump #impeach #impeachtrump #impeach #resist
many of those in the red states are regretting voting for Trump and marching against him with us !
that gerrymandering tho
Very concerned about the future of American democracy. Sad for my children.
While I'm at it; NO Putin, NO http://Bannon.You  are a Senator, stand up for your country. Be a hero, not ally autocrat
remember that when you ARE VOTED OUT! #NOMORECORNYN
ANSWER YOUR PHONES! You will be voted out!
with power comes responsibility and accountability#Election2018
your phone is always busy and emails are not responded to, so I guess this is best place to say NO: Devos/Perry/Sessions/Pruitt
That feels like a threat. I'm a dem, and pretty sure you are MY senator,regardless,and you better represent ALL constituents
You are an extremely partisan, bitter, condescending official. It's a shame you're pretending to represent us.
Just wait until Nov 2018 and we will see how the republicans are doing?
awesome now you are being partisan
@maddow @chrislhayes 
Gerrymandering and voter suppression do work. This week has opened people’s eyes to your agenda.
Would be great if you did your job instead of sitting around tweeting insults about dems... answer your phone!
STOP old man, get out of campaign mode and start serving ALL of your Texan constituents. We DEMAND that of you!
TEXANS DO NOT WANT A USELESS 50 BILLION DOLLAR CHUNK OF METAL IN OUR GREAT STATE! WHERE DO YOU REALLY LIVE?
Why?  This is as bad as the "most counties" argument.  Those areas have large land masses and low populations.
let's look at the population distribution of these maps shall we?
Just because the districts are gerrymandered up to reflect a mandate does not make it so. We're watching. You're fired in 2018.
...had more respect for @JohnCornyn when he was Attorney General of Texas...
You're a Republican & the fact that your President is a psychopath should really worry you
" radical white nationalist"
Wow! So you only represent part of us & threaten the rest of us.
damn right it worries me. Thanks for the info
I was Texas Republican until after W started being controlled by $$. I have no party. I don't count.
But current POTUS and those on his bandwagon are doing a great job of instigating a change in this map. Party on!
Not the time to brag.

"Pride comes before the fall."

You have the power to protect our Constitution!
If you are a statewide Republican in Texas, this is the chart that should worry you for 2018.... getting less red daily.
Disappointed in your pettiness. You have an obligation to put Country above Party, and it's the whole country that's in trouble.
I asked yr staff to tell U to use yr common sense when voting on appts. I c it hasn't kicked in. Counting on U!
Sen, if GOP worry about DJT, Wall, contempt 4 laws, isolationism, & how worm can turn in elections.
Sen Cornyn... You still have to govern for all of us. Thx for rebutting the Immigration EO. Good to see youe not a rubber stamp.
(R-Coward)  History will not be kind to your type:  cultivating the Idiot vote, career hack, partisan...
If you’re an American, if you’re a Christian, if you’re sane….you will stop the monster at the head of your party
it should also worry you--too much of same voice is recipe for constitutional failure...and evidence of gerrymandered districts
why don't you stop the negativity and address real issues like EO not allowing refugees in?
don't you have a healthcare bill you need to be writing? Geez even my 5 yr old knows not to be a sore winner.
Newsflash. We aren't all Democrats blowing up your phones, showing up to your offices, taking to the streets.
We are Americans truly pissed off at the way this administration is treating us. COUNTRY OVER PARTY.
#votehimout2020
these 3 graphs show republicans are destroying our country don't put on the dems. We need to get out and vote
And if yall do not start banding togather your replacements will be forth coming.
I wonder if you and other politicians on #twitter actually read responses to your #tweets to see how ppl feel? You really should
why? Are you saying Republicans can't govern with the best interests of the nation first?
#wow. #partisanpolitics gerrymandering has created the system; but again what are you suggesting?
ya know you represent all of us in Texas, right? Not just the R's. We're watching.
Mr. Cornyn, did you see the front page of the Houston Chronicle today? You should be concerned yourself.
Meaning that your constituents may rethink their vote next time if their livelihoods are threatened.
Party uber alles I see.
Just means when Trump breaks it, you'll own it. We should ALL be concerned.
Really? I'm a Democrat and in your State. The resistance is building for y'all. You should be worried. Oh & #Gerrymandering!
we are watching your every move John. Re-earn our trust if you want to earn our vote
if you are John Cronyn, next election should worry you
did you actually read that article? The last paragraph? Don't be prideful.
seriously, with the problems our nation faces this is what you focus on. You should be trying to solve problems not make them
Very Sad charts,
 Because COUNTRY ALWAYS BEFORE PARTY
@TexasTribune I'd hoped you would represent all Texans - your pettiness is disappointing, but not surprising.
I'm Libertarian and YOU worry me. You don't listen to your constituents or have an opinion. Cornyn = bully of Democrats.
I'm more worried about the unconstitutional gerrymandering
why would you let the other side where/how we are winning? You need to look at putting export taxes on LNG in TX.
I'm more worried about POTUS saying Geneva convention is the problem and then nuking the world. But priorities?
What worries me is how far the GOP has fallen. http://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/ws/?pid=25838 
we need a voice in Congress that will work to heal the divide in America. Be a uniter, not a divider.
they don't bother me because a change is a comin. Even in Texas.  My zip code 75238
you took an oath is to support and defend the constitution. Not just support and defend the Republican agenda
well said! @JohnCornyn @washingtonpost
Cornyn is a traitor. Trump stated on live CNN 1-19 Luncheon he had given Cornyn a lot of $ and now he must work
@TheFix You read the article, bro? It's not a ringing endorsement of the GOP. Also please check ur messages and call me back!
the growing hatred for Trump is putting a whole lot of congress on the hot seat. This should worry you.
the dnc sleeping while the country is lost won't be tolerated any longer.
It doesn't matter what our party is, we should all be worried about what's happening in the WH. #ImpeachHim
You want us to worry over some charts while you ignore history, ethics, and democratic principles?!
looks that way doesn't it? @JohnCornyn @washingtonpost
ignore the democrats, focus on republicans who are not supporting trump agenda.
it does scare me. I never voted for you and now have to live with your votes. Please vote no on Devos &Sessions
not a democrat but it's very concerning either way considering the current leader
it does not matter if I’m an Dem or Rep - it only matters if YOU Senator represent WE THE PEOPLE or your donors.
if you are an American who values our democracy you should be worried about the man in the White House
as my senator I rather you focus on the job ahead of you rather on the Dems future.  Vote for QUALIFIED cabinet.
What a pathetic tweet!!!!  So I see you have no interest representing all Texans.
Way to unite people there, John. Why are the Reps so tone deaf? How about you stop Trump's damage.
Still talking partisan politics while Trump makes a mockery of our institutions?  Speak your conscience.  We need you.
this is why we're in this situation. When politicians care more about party and winning instead of country and ppl
Do your job! The people of Texas deserve leadership, not partisan nonsense
And you know what's sad?? You KNOW this!!
You can cut more taxes for the rich, but the economy won't go anywhere if you kill the middle class.
Why do we need more military spending when you let Putin control us through FACEBOOK???
What lies before you is another chance to search your conscious and do the right thing today. No to Sessions,Perry,DeVos.
Probably be the new Bernie Party that will fix this after 4 yrs w DJT.
Remember Newt Gingrich's Congress???
.@JohnCornyn Senator, I expect you to represent all Texans. You're not a leader, you're a representative. Act like you represent all of us.
I'm truly worried about the future of America and for my daughter. Stopping the attacks on our democracy is a non-partisan issue.
I am one of your constituents. Please keep your eye on the ball. This is petty. Do your job.
trying to prove that #texas can't do much about you?  You should know better than that, John. #texasdemocrat
Forget about Democrats and focus on everybody! The country is in a shitstorm or haven't you noticed?
What goes up must come down, Senator. If you don't stand up to our wheels-off President, GOP hegemony will end
Don't worry about us, we will vote with our dollars and our effort and voices and numbers. #turntexasblue
I get a private citizen posting this but as a senior citizen this is what you have time to post??? Do your job
Leave the dems alone and govern. Your leader has USA in a tailspin and you poke at the losers? #MAGA ?
