@jgm41 @AtlantaFalcons uh
Gpd Bless Pres. Geo.HW Bush & Mrs. Bush! SO glad they were able to do this with their typical graciousness & smiles!
Bawling. That was so wonderful. God bless them.
It was great to hear and see them both out there, they are great American People that will both be rembered for.
I hope they let him keep the coin
I respect him as the former President even if I didn't vote for him.  He is a class act and Barbara Bush is too.
I am proud to say that I voted for him twice and also his son twice!  The entire family are a class act!  <3

How fitting that a true Patriot of the USA be the one to toss the coin.  God Bless us all.
Nasty old war criminal.
presidential grace and a wife's love for the win. Bring back presidential demeanor and class.
It only left a few weeks ago - it is a shame what's going on now!!
This is not the place for this. Please, leave the negativity at the door and just appreciate today.
I lean democrat but I love this man
Great way to start! thank you NFL. This is what America should be like everyday! Patriotism & Respect.
lots of respect for 41
Back when presidents were presidential. Good man.
from the icu to the 50yd line in 1 week.  Amazing
Texans are Tough.
we ain't perfect but we are tough. And there's a difference between stubborn and tough.
Jeb should have been prez
YES! Jeb would be great President! Love Bush Family!
Even he had the common sense to break party lines to support HRC!
Beautiful !!!!!! Loved it.
It's great to know this nation has a family that shows it's true love & values. No matter what they love each other
#NotMyCoinToss
@AtlantaFalconsI I so respect this Bush family, God Bless you both.
This was awesome.
@JohnCornyn @AtlantaFalcons I'm ashamed of you and this nation. I'm always ashamed of my state  Texas   But never agIn say you help
@JohnCornyn @AtlantaFalcons I hope the ghosts of everyone you've harmed come right out with the filthy I'll gotten gains you've taken
@JohnCornyn @AtlantaFalcons people. Hell get real your there for you period. So when you reach your hand in the fully lined pockets
@JohnCornyn @AtlantaFalcons of her contributions to you. Tell the truth for once. You don't give a rats ads about kids old people young
@JohnCornyn @AtlantaFalcons hey john,  about your lyin... It's getting pretty bad. You know your voting for Betsy Devos simply becausr
Anyone else like how the groids got away with saying 'fuck' right after the tails was called out?  No fines. Laughable.
Great Moment
that was definitely emotional , nice surprise!
Great Moment
Love Love Love GHW on the field!!!  He's a great man!  Class act!!!
Nice to see the man and his wife out I served during his time in and I thought he was a good man then still do Respect
respect
from start to finish#Superhistoric
Please Do This @AtlantaFalcons  I Want you to win
balled like a baby 
Perfect pick for toss !! TY to all service men/woman #unity take break from world lets watch SBLI !
it hit a guy's shoe. That's interference. #georgecostanza
#classact! 
How wonderful to see two great Americans doing well. I'm so happy the NFL paid this tribute to an amazing couple.
love my president with greatest respects
Beautiful!

That was lovely. Heartening to see the crowd showing respect to them both. As it should be.
one if the greatest man and presidents we've had, will always be in my heart, ty for protecting me.
thank you Mr President
bush is a LOOOOSER
NOW THIS IS THE AMERICA I KNOW NO MATTER WHAT POLITICAL VIEWS ONE HAS THIS WAS RESPECT
@GeorgeHWBush 
What a crazy outcome
@ZacharySamuel

@AtlantaFalco president Bush and his wife such a beautiful class Act
two good luck charms
The best part of the Super Bowl, President George H.W. Bush and his bride, Barbara.
President and First Lady Barbara Bush .  Pure class and patriotism!
, now more than ever, in this dark time, we need class and dignity like them.
Great Halftime Show. No Nipples & No Political Statements
God Bless him and Mrs. Bush!!!!!!!! 
perfect Start!!
are AMAZING!!!!!!

awesome
love him
: THE OVATION BY FEW PEOPLE WAS AFTER THE COIN TOSS. HE AND REAGAN DESTROYED THE COUNTRY. HE PRODUCED W. BUSH
GO GO GO !
God bless America
lady g you were born this way
wow an historical moment, I'll never forget this......nice job President Bush
@JohnCornyn @AtlantaFalcons GHWB never shamed the great state of Texas like Cornyn just did. Voters are watching. NO DEVOS
God Bless President Bush and wife, Barbara

yes we certainly need grace & dignity in the oval office.
Oh to be the one pushing his wheelchair!!!
love to see the Bushes are feeling better and having fun, great coin toss George
So happy to see both Bushes doing well!
class act
for Americans and Freedom
what about that hold
Even in your fragile state H.W. I would welcome U back toWH, DT is Nuts, &
the Skull and bones member himself. Time is near!
Finally, something tasteful and worth watching! #ThankYou
your Tweet was quoted in an article by @washingtonpost
nice!
Fantastic.
uplifting, dignified!!!
we do things decent and in order.
God Bless You President Bush and Mrs. Bush! So happy to see you again!
Yay
@GeorgeHWBush what is that dirty older Satanists pedophile and assassin of JFK doing out there?  Disgusting #SuperBowl
Glad to see them out, they seemed like they were really enjoying themselves.
How awesome so pleased to have been alive during the Bush era.
Excellent...I enjoyed watching the coin toss with President! What a great start to what is going to be a historic game!
beautiful
president Bush we love you!!!!!
Praise God.  It's wonderful to see them to flip the coin.
so glad he + Mrs B better prayers answered
I'm so glad you had President Bush and Mrs. Bush there for this!!
Why ???
love you Prez Bush!!
HE IS THE AXED PRESIDENT.
Much respect for George and Barbara Bush!
. Never been prouder of the Bush family where I am now. God bless you mr. Bush and God bless you too mrs. is Bush.
these tweets confirmed it - done with nfl.
Great to see he got better from being "too sick" to make Trump's innaguration. #SmartMan
toss?
@Vanessa12News @AtlantaFalcons Awesome to see them both doing well, may God bless them!!
Outstanding! God bless the President and First Lady.
WOOOOO!!! President Bush!!!! #SB51
Thank you President Bush!
@GeorgeHWBush #patrioticpresident
great choice!
Loved the coin toss. So much respect for the Bush family
Come back free us from president Bannon!
ha ha sweet coin toss lol smh
god bless America
He dropped it. Poor guy
What I would give for a man like him to be President now
never know what u had til you lose it.. when our Prez liked us back
so nice seeing Punch and Judy roll out in the field so Punch could toss the coin#..RIGHT AT THE PLAYERS!!
should of been trump
If you weren't alive or you were in diapers when he was president just shut up.
Awesome folks love the Bush family
What an emotional and historic event
Yes, tears to my eyes - esp. with his recent hospital stay.  He has bounced back well & looks so good!
I am so happy that he is k #SB51
first fumble? wasn't a toss at all
@fepupim ah lá fe
RT @NFL: President George H. W. Bush tosses the coin for #SB51 !

@atlantafalcons win the toss and defer!
and next thing you know you're gonna say Dick Clark counted down on NYE incorrectly...
wtf George! They should've let Barbra do it.
you mean he rolled it 
that was emotional..
#CoinGate
loved it!
#NOTMYPRESIDENT
what a guy
That was awesome...
John Fox should've done it but ok
a 5 year old could toss better
so awesomely emotional
such a touching moment!  Outstanding!
low key hit that one dudes foot but it's all good
double check the balls!
rigged
