60% didn't make a naked appeal to white supremacy.
20% didn't trade state secrets for the support of Russian bot farms.
10% not enough making fun of people with disabilities.
10% failure to generate Christian support by bragging about grabbing women by their pussies.
Unlike Republicans, Hillary doesn't make secret deals with Russian intelligence...
And unlike Republicans, Hillary doesn't win by making appeals to the most vile aspects of our national character.
We may have lost this round, but at least we didn't win by selling out to a foreign power or getting in bed with these guys.

Senator.
COSIGN @JohnCornyn. You. Make. Me. Sick.
Dear John, you have now officially hit rock bottom. This is NOT how we pay you to spend your time. @txlege @houstonchron @dallasnews
What happened was the @GOP was colluding with #Putin.  #traitors
This is so disappointing. Your man won. Hillary lost. It doesn't matter why. And the fact that you can't just enjoy the results is SAD.
We made a new one for you.
That is so AWESOME.  Thx, Indivisible Austin!
Americans KNOW GOP would be demanding impeachment & a new election! GOP proves they care NOTHING about Country- all abt party! Traitors ALL.
http://Revote2017.net  has invested a lot of energy to bring USSC case #16-1464 before the SC on Sept.25. We are holding a postcard blitz.
Please ask friends, family and neighbors to join in.
cc @Revote201716146 
#NewElection
Grow up and be about the legislative business!! Protect constituents affordable healthcare.
You have completely lost track of what you are elected to do. Represent and protect Texans! Stop with the petty BS. #NewSenators4Tx
If Clinton were elected and Russia did for her what they did for Trump, and HC & aides were caught lying about collusion as much as Trump-
Are you Trumps personal a$$wipe 
One of them
Grow up. What does this have to do with your JOB?
What are you, 5?
So - you purchased and read her book?
Are you really "that guy" now. Really sorry I ever wasted time emailing your office with legitimate issues. Happy to vote against you now. Voted FOR you last time. SMDH
It's his clueless staffers. People HE hired to tweet out distracting graphics to cover up his lack of a substantive message.  Grow up, Dude.
Now make a pie chart of everyone Trump blames for all his failings. Also a pie chart of Trump's lies, please
That would be one HELL of a slice of incompetence!
Dude Hillary is over. Try thinking about the needs of Texans instead of your pathetic political career. Cruz too. Both suck!
Really good use of your time there, Majority Whip
I despise GOP politicians who when insulting MY Candidate - also insult MILLIONS of Americans who voted for her.
Also, this was tweeted at 3:44AM??  Tell your staff to get some sleep. Maybe then they wouldn't be so nasty.
The 2016 election is over.  Let it go.  America elected a oaf.  So what. It's OVER.
@JohnCornyn taking a page from petty Trump's book huh?  Grow up Senator.
Just so ugly, John.  It's her story, and she can tell it as she likes.  Quit your mansplaining. Did you attack Bernie Sanders' book, too?
awesome! I think his staff needs to get a life
maybe gen kelly can walk over and give 'em a lesson on how to behave like adults.
#cowardcornyn is part of a congress controlled by republicans that have a 16% approval rating and have done nothing with all their power
Here is mine and
Everybody is to blame but me. Hillary is the "victim".
#WhatHappened? Slachtoffer Politics Met Huillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton). https://slimk1nd.nl/what-happened-slachtoffer-politics-met-huillary-clinton/ … 
Shame on you! Why you do something for Texans! Get to work!!

You should start putting yours together, John. It'll be mostly "indictment."
Strong, intelligent women really threaten you, don't they?
You are an embarrassment to your constituents and, indeed, to the whole country. Get to work, John.
Well, I am surprised she didn't blame you as well!!
Russia.
HOW ABOUT A PIE CHART OF YOUR CONSTITUENTS AND YOU SERVING THEM ON THE REAL ISSUES?
Grow up John.
Oh for heavens sake! Stop it! Grow the frack up. Get your big boy panties on and quit complaining about Hillary!
You are an idiot. You need to shut up and sit down John. You are in the same pool with @realDonaldTrump.
Surprise! Multiple things can, together, lead to an outcome. Stop attacking Hillary and maybe start helping Texans??
John Cornyn's Senate Priorities. 
We made a new one for you. 
Epic!
You will be 100% responsible for your loss.
Just worry about doing your job, this is garbage that you spent time sharing this bull shit.

Please support my GoFundMe campaign: https://www.gofundme.com/4drkyh4?pc=tw_co_shareflow_a&rcid=961411af95724bb2a0c1c423fc735886 … @gofundme 
Glad to see you're not wasting time on solving Harvey problems or holding open mtgs in Texas. WTG, there, John. WTG.
Not true Trump can't get over anything Trump or Obama would you like to comment on Cruz Porn? Usher out you & Cruz
While we're on pie charts, Here's one showing Republican's delusional ideas of federal spending.
Do you have a pie chart for excuses our Jr Senator has made for porn viewing?  #onlyasgoodasthoseyouhire
Oh no! You're an epic fail. And the pie didn't even go viral like you thought smh
John who fucking cares? Your parties in power. And what have you accomplished? Nothing and your talking about Hillary. Give me a break.
Yours is all one color - blame the Democrats, and that includes Obama.
She lost.  Move on.  Deflecting from the failures of Trump by bringing up Hillary is childish.
When you lose, it'll be 100% on you.
Petty. Just petty. #castro2020
Hahahaha It's pathetic that you are still talking about this. You have no class or dignity despite your office. Can't wait until you r gone.
Hahahahahahahaha
It is time for you to grow up and act like a professional.  If you are too worried about sides, resign.
@evanasmith The responses suggest this wasn't the best idea...
MOVEALONGJOHN..Isn't there anything else..anything at all that might be a better use of your time? Get over it or go see a psychiatrist.
How's the hurricane clean up going?
If you pass amnesty for the DACA illegals, we will give you the opportunity to have your own chart of blame as well.
Your head is in the sand John! Trump/ Russia propaganda & Comey played a large role in her loss. Await the results of Mueller investigation.
Where is the, "Most corrupt and genuinely awful candidate in the history of the Democratic party" slice?
STOP CORPORATE WELFARE. Corporations get twice as much welfare as people in America
You know Trump's wall is a fools errand. Don't allow it to be funded. Tx/Fla needs that funding to rebuild
MAGA by using Eisenhower's tax policy
We could EASILY have medicare 4 all and tax payer paid higher ed if u STOP CORPORATE WELFARE
Remember, she won the popular vote by over 3 million votes. Rather than worrying about Hillary, how about meeting w/constituents


Who gives a shit who Hilary blames. STOP CORPORATE WELFARE. STOP OVERSPENDING ON MILITARY. SUPPORT MEDICARE 4 ALL. SUPPORT DISABILITIES ACT
Very lowbrow senator. As a Texas constituent I expect more.
I didn't think children were eligible to be Senators.
Seriously this is what you are tweeting about when people in Texas are still cleaning out their flooded homes? She is old news stop!!

There's a reason Russia wanted your guy elected. Aren't you the least bit curious why?
Not impressed with this pie chart at all! Get to work!
Too bad she didn't include a slice for pro-Russian traitors like you!

#fakenews
Traitor. You are probably aware of what actually happened with Russia and the election. If not, then you are proving yourself incompetent.
Can you please take care of your constituents?
Senator, I am a Texan, please use your TIME, energy, and my tax $ to do good for your fellow Texans...this is NOT an example. #Harvey2017
Hey U were part of 8 yrs of obstruction, a piss poor healthC plan &  protecting a Crooked Prez.  Thank God 4 Mueller.  Cuz U R waste
You won't even answer phones so constituents can voice opinions.   No town hall meetings in Houston.  Shameful
Donald Trump is negotiating with minority leaders, completely out of pocket, to pass ANYTHING of note...and you're posting dank memes.
Shouldn't you be working to help Harvey victims or just working period, senior senator from Texas....
Is this what you built with all the free time after your healthcare failure? Glad to see my tax dollars at work
That's right Cornyn, back up your boy trump. Why mention it at all? Because she won the popular vote by 3 million?
How about telling us what you are doing re the tax cut and budget?
Whats your pie chart gonna look like? 100% nobody likes you?
how is this a productive use of your or your staffers' time?
There you go again creating "straw men" to explain you and your party's failure in leadership and to the American people.
Obsessed much? Why does she send you right wing
old men into such fits. Isn't your state in a bit of a crisis right now? Focus on that.
When do you think @POTUS will do his job and Stop Obsessing over @HillaryClinton ? Will it B4 or After N.K. Bombs us ? Asking 4 a Friend ...
speaks the truth here. Hillary cant come to terms that she lost because she was an awful candidate.
It's Creepy that you and @realDonaldTrump seem to be so Obsessed  with @HillaryClinton all the time ! 
#stalker #stalking
I think @realDonaldTrump has rubbed off on you! You are representing Texas and that is not what we are about! Why not work instead?
You should be better than this. If your going to waste our time with garbage, go home & let a better person take your place.
You are completely disgusting, but I knew that! Why not spend the time getting US health care rather than attacking a private citizen?
Shame on you
Here you go @tedlieu @JoyAnnReid @HillaryClinton the truth.  HRC is not fit for anything but being an abused wife. What a fraud.
How is this post helping you represent your constituents?
Actual original content from this treasonous shitbag?
Posting this kind of rubbish is beneath your office. Apparently not beneath you personally, however.
Also, you shouldn't need reminding that you are a public servant and that this kind of thing is not what you are elected and paid to do.
Really? I thought you, a senator, would be above this.  Election is over. You should be busy actually working while taking tax payer money.
Can't wait for the pie chart of excuses from the majority Whip as to why nothing gets through the Senate. #blameobama #heremails #Benghazi
2020's coming, John.  Tick tick tick. Hillary won't be there in 2020 4 u 2 sound off against unless u want us 2 see u for the fool u R
One might expect more dignified behavior from a senator.
Senator Cronyn, please take a moment and share with us your domestic and world accomplishments.
Petty
Are you really this low, John? I get that there are a lot of HRC haters out there but at least pretend u aren't intimidated by strong women
Oh stop.  You won't take calls from your constituents, and you're ignoring us...
Thanks for the hard work of using tax payers time to make a snarky pie chart.
please do something useful with your time instead of posting nonsense like this.
what about the deplorables?!?
This is beneath you Senator. Shame on you & the staff member who runs your twitter. You are not an 8 yr old boy. Grow up & act like an adult
If you have time for this then please release the Republicans new tax plan. Let's see the full contents.
yep, that's how many it took to bring her down. And she still got 3 million more votes that trump. WONDER WOMAN IS REAL !!!
What's your pie chart going to look like when you get voted out by the constituents you refuse to meet with?
Why does it bother you that she is simply sharing the truth.
I'd say this was the greatest election heist in American history.
How about a pie chart of GOP failures?
QBs in football don't blame the grass, helmet, shoes, laces, mouthpiece, goalpost, sun, clouds, lights, socks, pads, whistle, competition,..
Love the @timkaine useless bit.  BTW has the disgraced senator been investigated for his ties to a known terrorist yet? #woodykaine #antifa
This is beneath you Senator. I'm surprised and disappointed.
Too funny (and very true!). She needs to continually hammered for blaming a long list others.
We have a president that colluded with a hostile foreign government to win the presidency and you're tweeting this garbage?
It is amazing when people in powerful positions, such as yours, are so petty!
It's almost as if the answer is complex and there was lots going on in 2016. Question is, what were you doing to improve the country?
Why are you still talking about her? Why not fix the primary care funding cliff or help Harvey surivors?
This is so irrelevant. We pay your salary – get to work! Do something meaningful! Get a shovel and a bucket and go to Houston.
Guess what? She is right. Now please move on and get back to not representing all Texans, which is what you do best.
You are such a sad man

Never mind Hillarys blame chart get busy doing what your party campaigned on. I see a blame chart like  this for many of you soon.
So tell me Mr Senator, why weren't you able to pass an Obamacare repeal and work with the President on immigration and the wall?
Are we paying you to go over the history or to make history. Go to your job John or you're fired

Don't you have constituents to tend too?  Or are u too busy tweeting?
Hey John, she won the popular vote. Why isn't the electoral college in that chart? Now, if you're done trying to be funny go #DoYourJob!!!!!
Don't expect anyone to forget your excuses for voting against the hurricane Sandy relief bill.
Waaaaaaa! I'm a republican senator and I've Gerry mandered the country and still haven't been able to win a presidential popular vote! Waaaa
we all know it was Russian inference
You have work to do you know. You should be focused on saving DACA recipients - this is embarrassing.
GOP pie chart for everything they worry about that is unimportant looks very similar.
I see you're just as petty as your orange master...SAD!

Dear Senator Cornyn:
Why don't you leave her alone?  Why is she still a threat to the GOP that you continuing criticize everything she does? Misogynist?
You know who isn't President-Hillary Clinton.   How does your chart help this country?
don't get it twisted she has every right every right to have her say.
sad thing is I have never seen a woman treated with such Vigor and disrespect. She did more double more twice more then Trump.
sure she has some blame for herself but the phony emails fake email this woman did what others in the past did in her position
You will never accomplish anything this significant in your life, yet your Tweets  almost exclusively blame Dems for your many failures.
all this is funny I guess to some people but as a woman I think it's totally disrespectful of what did happen to her
Bullshit.
Are you implying you read the book or just spouting off old @GOP rhetoric? You old whiter
#DoYourJob U NEED TO BE CONCERNED W/RUSSIA ATTACKING OUR DEMOCRACY. #Russiagate
real mature..you're embarrassing..do your job.
Did you make that yourself, or did you staff it out? Either way, what the hell are you doing using tax dollars to fuel your petty agenda?
On a related note, I am embarrassed to admit you and @SenTedCruz are my senators. Texans need to pull their heads out of their asses.
#CanCornyn2020 how about you talk with your constituents to see what they want/need instead of wasting time on Clinton?
You have not posted a comment about the deeds of DT that hurt women, military, Intel, children, elderly, or the sick. We need adults in D.C.
We elected you to represent TEXAS not gossip about Ms. Clinton and support DT tactics that hurt Americans.  Please do your job Mr. Cornyn.
We Stand Together in Texas best State in our Country
She's just So Seriously Sick
Let's not act like a "sore winner" Senator. You are acting petty.
Come on sir!  Take the high road & work on things for us Texans. Health care for all, help for Houston, plan for dreamers
Con'on Cornyn worry more about governing than the loser of the last electiom. Starting to sound like the mentally flawed Prez.
Are you trying to make a funny? So clever John.
I can't see so good. Are you a Senator or a tween?
It was actually what came out of her pie hole -not a pie chart, that cost her the election.
So you're fully on the Petty Trump Train now. Jesus, man, do your job. HRC & BHO  currently have y'all beat on that!!
Friendly reminder.  You're a United States Senator.  Try acting like one.
Town hall tho?!?
Couldn't have said it better myself. No wonder people think Congress is broken, they're too busy post shit like this on twitter. What a hack
 please move on...
Also love how you put "me" on the chart. Giving urself waayy too much credit there, dude. That would mean you actually had to DO something
If you were HONEST, you know tRUmp & Putty coordinated efforts to put Russian agent in WH. you thought he was there to push your agenda? 
Well at least your staff running your twitter feed did not like a porn site on your public account.  The graph is humorous though.
What an obsession you have, senator. Seek mental health treatment. But first, do your job.
Not important. This, however is. Will you betray us again?
You know, Houston is a national disaster area...and  you are tweeting about Hillary Clinton.
John Cornyn's pie chart of accomplishments as a Senator - 100 percent nothin'
Good God Senator. Don't u have better things to do with ur time than analyze Hillary. Maybe we need to elect someone who wants to work. Smh
Maybe? Texas needs real leadership not partisan puppets.
My Pie Chart has Vince Foster figuring prominently
Sen. Cornyn, Are you supporting Trump? The Wall? Kate's Law? Defunding sanctuary cities? We cannot tell.  #BuildTheWall #KatesLaw
