you participate in becoming idiocracy and you are proud of it. Disgusting pug
Ending Medicare as we know it would be one among many mistakes this administration has already made.
Senator @JohnCornyn when are you coming to Houston to meet with your constituents? A lot of us would love to chat with you sir.
disgusting. Nice to know you can buy privileged stock offerings while you're making laws for that industry.
How can you be proud of that??
and another reason you will not be getting my vote next time you are up for reelection.
Good job.  Thanks for staying up late to do this.  Next?
you believe in death panels, too, don't you? #DumpCornyn in 2020
Stop playing political games. Do some real work for your constituents
Continue the fight.   Get the cabinet approved and make American Great. Thank you
Ew.  That's the opposite of what the voters want.
When are you going to #AnswerThePhone? Better yet, when's the next Town Hall since you refuse to acknowledge constituent calls?
booo!
I'm repulsed. He and evidently you do not care about the healthcare or our country.
When will hold town hall on ACA? HC affects all of ur TX constituents & HC facilities. Or do u just care about what GOP thinks?
Another ethically-challenged swamp monster. Way to go. (I am a Texan. You represent me. Try harder. You're failing.)
Time for you to meet with your constituents sir.  #cornyntownhall
I'm really confused about this confirmation...reps have promised to not touch Medicaid but Price wants to...?? Town hall please!
- when are your town halls in TX? Or did @jasoninthehouse's unnerve you? #AnswerThePhone #rememberdevos2020
if you want to do something good save #ACA #Obamacare we work and need coverage
you're coming for Medicare and we're coming for your job.
great, I love paying too much at the pharmacy. So thrilled that drug prices will stay high!!!
The best news you have for your constituents is that a majority @GOP has confirmed a man who wants to dismantle medicaid?
another person with too many conflicts you never took the time to vet  He could be my stockbroker any day though
Again $ over constituents. Yet another item 2 add to my list of reasons U will never represent TX again. Do u think we R blind?
going to vote you out!  listen to your constituents
you made money on this.  People will die because you wanted to be richer.  No Christian acts this way.
You have officially ruined the medical system of our country.
you can be happy now but wait until you're up for reelection! #NotMySenatorforlong
- you won't have Congressional healthcare after 2020 so you may regret Price vote. #Parent&NotTeacherUnionProtester
Those of us in Austin want a Town Hall too. Can't wait to get to work supporting your replacement! You will be held accountable
without proper vetting. Shame.
Please announce the next public forum where you engage with those you represent. Oh wait, you don't care, that's right. Sad.
Who? The guy who enriched himself with insider trading? Another nail in the coffin of democracy. Well done.
keep the Admin appts moving, 24/7/365....and start the appointments to federal courts. 9th circuit needs to be impeached
ethical much???
you act like these are actual achievements
You are determined to push through questionable appointments of a tyrant. #corrupt
@SenateGOP are in uncharted waters with this @POTUS. You need to understand the voters won't forget your actions. #RESISTANCE
Price pushed legislation that would directly benefited his recent stock purchases.  He also lied to Congress.  He's a criminal.
I hope each tweeter here expressing your dismay at this trump puppet is connected to a local Indivisible group for #resist
and you are happy about this.  WHY?
We will remember in 2020. #FlushJohn2020 #TheResistance
I thought you were a old school Republican that put country over party
& you voted for him sad. This is another good example of your bad judgement. He will destroy health care. When is your seat up?
gross
you continue to ignore your constituents in favor of the orange dude. I don't think he will be able to help you in #2020
Under the cloak of darkness?
Thanks for standing with our Presidents choice.
Please announce a town hall to be held at ATT, NRG, Alamo Dome, and as large a venue you can find in other parts of Texas.
You have a lot of explaining to do. You have attacked our kids education, voted for stock manipulator and ignored voters
@jennyren05 @JohnCornyn Well, remember, he represents a government of, by, and for the (rich) people.
- feeling good about this one?
agree...a town meeting sounds good considering your voting against the people who elected you
.@JohnCornyn   Proud of you! Thank You!  Shout out to your staff! 
Since Cornyn doesn't use his tech sites for us, let's start conversation on looking for candidate interest taking job
you just confirmed a deeply unethical man which makes me wonder about your ethics
Great! How about Repealing Obamacare now?
didn't you hear? @SpeakerRyan is taking a measured approach to it. You can forget about it for a year.
@TomPriceMD <--- Corrupt as fuck. Good fit.
he doesn't want to talk to or hear from his constituents.  He has made that abundantly clear....Trump puppet.
you're hard to get to. So how about setting up a town hall meeting? We Texans would love to talk to you.
yes. And My group is starting all out war against u & Cruz. We R going to take back Texas for the blue. Bye bye. #ShePersisted
Wrong
When is your next town hall, sir? I'd like to prove I'm not part of a "conspiracy" but YOUR angry and concerned constituent.
Chaffetz Google results for your name and "town hall" are dated from 2014. Have you had one since?
(I didn't google Chaffetz. But obviously he's on our minds)
What are your thoughts on Flynn violating the Logan Act?
