Instead of complaining about it address the specific issues to repair. Not repeal, REPAIR.  Texans need to repeal & replace you
Not hardly. Texans want no part of socialized medicine.
Wrong. Then again, are you saying Texans don't want Medicare either?
Nope, Texans paid for their medicare. Its not welfare like Medicaid and we damn well don't want to expand it from what it is..
One criticism and you yank from millions? Wrong. We vote you out. You forgot what your job is, protect Texans from harm. You're harming us.
You cant vote him out. WE voted him in and will continue to do so. He is doing a good job.
Stein, real Texans CAN and WILL vote Cornyn out!
Total BS. Watch and see. You left wing clowns will NEVER control OUR state. God Bless Texas
When you realize what @FoxNews and other right wing media are pulling... You'll be a leftie too.
Total BS. I get my news many places, but never from the lying POS on MSNBC and CNN
Still hammering away John, you and GOP will pay a price in 18
He'll be reelected next year. We will see to it.
Dog catcher?
Head of deportation
You're a disgrace. The GOP' support of a POTUS compromised by Russia is unfathomable.  You're all complicit in this country's demise.
You are delusional. Trump has done NOTHING illegal with Russia. That is just the hope of the democrats "keep hope alive" campaign.
FALSE
Ha ha ha ha. Great come back
I'm a constituent, but I lived in CA after college when I was young and broke. Medi-Cal (which I accessed via PP, btw) was a godsend.
I would not have been able to afford preventive care or birth control otherwise.
Third party will be our savior. You and the Republican Party are letting your constituents down. Think u got last vote from me
Yes they can do now you know the answer in case you want to ask it again
Making Jokes on Health care and Health care Ins is probably not a good plan for you. Put yourself in their shoes. Fix ACA
2) Go ahead. Take away a care situation we can't provide at home. Go ahead. Take away the ticket and the bus that are there and she needs.
You're kidding, right?
Mexifornia has 10 million illegals!! They are and have been sucking Out Coffers Dry! Dems love it!
3). Have you no heart or conscience?
Yes you can. Just not in Texas because this state won't fund it

Funny, under #CornynCare, Texans would have had the ticket taken-away and then been thrown under the bus.  

#Hypocrite #DoYourJob!
What kind of Medical Care is needed to fix that broken backbone of yours? I suggest you come to your senses before Nov 2018 comes.
Ever hear of Tricare?

or Try to get care.   All of @DeptofDefense  uses it.
Yet, fools like Republican Rob Portman want to expand Medicaid
What is there to save people pay for this don't have any doctors losing more insurers paying for nothing
how's the weather on Mars?
Single payer.
1) Go ahead. Take my 85 year old mom's Medicaid away. She has dementia and breathing problems and needs the 24/7 care of her nursing home.
Haha...perhaps you didn't see...Harvard study says the opposite! I believe Harvard study!
medicare and mcaid need to be per capita block grant to states, states admin and create plans to meet needs of their states.
NOTHING HAS CHANGED SINCE YOU WERE ON THE TEXAS SUPREME COURT!  LEOPARDS NEVER LOSE THEIR SPOTS!
You're just the worst.
Trying to have intelligent, reasoned responses to everything Cornyn tweets is hard. Arguing the same points over and over and over...
It's like having a Fox News chyron for a senator.
After learning he blocked John Weaver and subsequent discussion I wonder how many of us he has muted.
Definitely a lot.
Seriously?! I don't know why I continue to be shocked by you Senator. Please stand up for Texans and Americans. Quit pandering to 45.
Poor CA, what a great state with such natural beauty, but it's politics have become a beast.
My grandmother in CA did get it for nursing home care. Probably wouldn't here in TX. Look at your own state before criticizing others.
Every sitting #republican should lose their next primary election. You made promises that you failed to deliver. #repealNOW!
With an almost daily mention of how TX is better than CA by Texas' so-called leaders, you'd think they had penis envy. @GregAbbott_TX
Said the privileged Senator
With fully paid for healthcare by you and me .... #CornynHarmsTexansForProfit
Be the one who stands up & fights for the right to medical care!!
Or like Texas where the Medicaid expansion was rejected by your buddy, the governor?
Plenty of people who have insurance still can't afford medical care.  #CanCornyn
Instead of being flippant, please help your constituents figure out healthcare instead of pre-ACA status quo of using ER for medical needs
You're my senator but you sure as hell don't do me any good...so I've got a plan to get a better one. #2018 #2020
furthermore ssi medicaid recipients individually are vulnerable and powerless- together we're standingUP speakingOut for our right to care.
not convincing anyone with ur tweets! Citizens do NOT want to lose their Medicaid! BS GOP slings! How many of u will remain if it goes away?
jerk. i'm a palliative medicaid pt in Htown- come visit and speak with ME and i'll be happy to educate YOU- your ignorance is embarrassing.
Then fix it senator! GOP controls the senate and house. TX electorate didn't send you to Washington to tweet and whine.
YOU WORK FOR US, TEXANS.  YOU DO NOT WORK FOR THE GOP OR POTUS.
Still playing games with people's lives.  Classy
...and how about getting something DONE re ACA.  You can't even get your act together as R's to get rid of it.
For 54 years I have paid taxes, my company too, that's your salary, yet you are not listening to us!!!!
OMG your tweets! Auuuuggggghhhhhh
You aren't in any position to talk about lack of healthcare with other programs. You voted to kick millions of ppl off. Fix it. #DoYourJob
As I work, I'm listening to the President spout lies about the BCRA. It will NOT protect pre-existing conditions. I'm disgusted.
This is the comment of an apparent ignoramus.
How much is a cat scan? How much is consultation from a surgeon? How much is the medicines they give you? Take a trip to ER and find out.
There is no price regulation for medical care. Hospitals can gouge patients. Trip to the hospital, you get 20 different bills for grands.
If the government did their JOB and regulated the obscene prices of healthcare, then medical care wouldn't be a fucking issue. #IPayMine!
Hey Johnny Boy; Do you pay taxes? No? Guess what I do, & I see on my check stub, Medicare tax. Oh but I can't use it, I can die before then.
Stop lying to Texans.
It can also be life saving & life changing. But what it it doesn't do is generate big tax breaks for rich people. You know, your donors.
Great, so let's get rid of it, right? Is that your point? Grow up.
Excellent analogy!
That is the most ludicrous thing I've read 2day! Yes, in CA u get Medical care w/Medi-Cal. We shld have similar here in TX.
And Texas turned down expansion - hurting Texans.
Kind of like a country whose leaders don't listen to their constituents, eh?
Don't know where you get your info, but in CA, everyone who wants Medical gets it and medical coverage too! Come on over and ck for yourself
So the take away is Medicare for all?  Well, get right on that.
Work with Dems to fix #Ocare. #Healthcare4All #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
Require everyone to pay for insurance, premiums go down. That is how insurance works. Open up the markets to national competition.
Or, you can properly fund Medicaid and all people can get good, affordable healthcare. Easy peasy!
After nearly 8 yrs of whining, Repubs have no ticket, bus, plan, or clue about Healthcare. Better to be quiet, John.
Your plan was awful.  Your party has no ideas and can't govern.
We are gonna vote you out!!! Oklahoma started to push out @GOP and we in Texas are gonna follow their lead!! #Traitors
You're destroying healthcare (17% of US economy) & refusing to legislate with both parties at the table & hush hush on #Russia #Traitor
YOU had every opportunity to fix this but YOU failed. SAD
yeah for CALI legislature for tryn single payer
Cute. "hospitals are losing money... bc the gov’s low payments often don’t cover the cost of care" How about we fix that problem?
Didn't you just intone last week about how Medicaid won't be cut? Now you're dragging it? Are you just flinging out ideas until one sticks?
You need to quit worrying about other states and repeal completely. Take a stand! be more concerned about your voters than Washington
CHEAP INS THAT COVERS NOTHING'S WORSE THAN NO COVERAGE AT ALL. IT BANKRUPTS INDIVIDUALS/FAMILIES EQUALLY. YOU PUT PARTY B4 COUNTRY/ PEOPLE!
YOU WANT YOUNG PEOPLE TO GET CHEAP INSURANCE. SO WHAT HAPPENS WHEN VD, AIDS, UNINSURED CAR/MOTORCYCLE WRECKS OR NEED MAJOR SURGERY STRIKES?
EVERYONE OF THOSE DIRTY JOKES CALLED REPUBLICAN/MCCONNELL/TRUMP/CORNYN CARE WILL DROWN THE ER'S UNDER PEOPLE WHO GET CARE TOO LATE!
How did that healthcare bill you proposed come out? DEAD~~can't govern worth a shit---what a horrible Senator
States have a lot of flexibility with Medicaid, they need more, NYS Medicaid is entirely private insurers who compete for bodies.
WHO SIGNED EMTALA (THE MOST EXPENSIVE & LEAST EFFICIENT HEALTHCARE) INTO LAW. IT WAS THE RIGHT THING TO DO BUT IT WAS ONLY A BANDAID!
HAVING LIVED IN CALIFORNIA & TEXAS, I CAN SAY W/O EQUIVOCATION THAT HEALTHCARE FOR THE POOR IN CALIFORNIA'S BETTER THAN HEALTHCARE IN TEXAS.
No, jerk. Repealing with no replacement would be like that. 

The @gop must go.
DUDE ! You represent the state with THE HIGHEST % OF UNINSURED RESIDENTS ! You are in no position to throw stones ! ! You SUCK ! ! !
Today would be a good day for you to have a town hall meeting and stop hiding from your constituents, the people at Texas.
Repeal the ACA it's a disaster and good luck finding a doctor.
Well, it's not like you're in a position to fix it. Oh, wait.. Don't gloat about people not getting medical care.
So your anwer is to take away the ticket and the bus?
It has been said that McConnell doesn't share info with you or his core repubs- that he only barks out orders-if true-STEP UP & put TX 1st
News flash: My taxes pay your salary to fix stuff like this, not complain about it. Where r ur SOLUTIONS to ensure all get affordable care?
#VoteOutCornyn #Vote2020
Sorta sounds like a problem that can be fixed, doesn't it?
And my favorite
You are fond of WSJ articles.
Work across the aisle Senator. Do your job. Protect the social safety net for our most vulnerable Texans. We're not all millionaires.





http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/07/18/how-the-gop-became-the-party-of-putin-215387 ….    Did you sell-out?
I live in California and that is just not true.  Medical Care for those on Medi-Cal has improved dramatically.
Texans: John Cornyn can be like having a Senator but no representation. You need to start working for us instead of Trump and McConnell.

