If you know what's in the bill, senator, my DMs are open. I promise I won't tell anyone (except Dallas... and anyone with internet access). https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/875695984621301761 …
I still take you as a man of your word.  Please do not let us down and follow through on this promise.  The more lead time the better.
Saying things in a faux-wise way doesn't make those things smart or true. Show your constituents the bill or quit trying to govern.
Jesus would do the exact opposite of what @GOP is doing.
In fullness of time = After a bad bill that kills & bankrupts has been rammed down our throats? You know you're full of crap? #DoYourJob
Would the "fullness of time" be the day before the vote?  Why all the secrecy?
By "fullness of time" you mean "in the next two weeks when we vote in secret" or...?
Sometimes it's like talking to a Magic 8 Ball.
My Magic 8 Ball was more entertaining...
Where's the transparency senator.
Transparency NOW! You're playing w/the future of OUR Healthcare! It's our right to know now. Not when it's "convenient" 4 @GOP
We'll expect your resignation if there is no debate.
Oh please. #ShowUsTheBill #mental
@jslovegrove we aren't buying your bullshit
In the fullness of time? God, I wish my fellow Texans would join me at the polls and vote you out.
Campaigning for Dems in 2018
How many hearings are you going to hold? How many hours of debate? That word "fulsome" does not mean "before July 4th break, bitchez"...
ACA had months & months of debates & amendments fr both Dems & Republicans--what's wi the secrecy? This affects so many!
Lies lies lies. And bad ones at that. Easily disproved by simply opening our eyes and ears. This @gop is shameful.
Before or after you vote?
Don't worry Senator. I got a screenshot in case this gets deleted.
Complete transparency is not revealing a bill  AFTER you whipped together your votes. Ur not being very honest.
You could not be more patronizing if you tried. We aren't your children. We pay your salary.
Cornyn promising transparency at some point.
Hahahahahahaha
Where is the transparency? How many debates? You lied #blue wave coming to texas
No, I'm a Texan and I demand that the bill be made public NOW! I'll be calling your offices every day until the bill is public!
Could you put that more precisely and offer to put your money where your mouth it? A small bet, Senator, that you can make yourself win.
You do know that only 35% of Texans support repeal of the ACA, right? So good luck with reelection after hurting or literally killing voters
hahahahahahaahahahahahaha
Politics is like sausage making....
I call @JeffFlake every day. His office has no idea when any draft will be available or what's in it.
77494 please be more clear what fullness of time means. Is that 2 hours. 2 weeks. 2 months. 2 years.
Facts on passing of #ACA (Obamacare)Over a yr of hearings. Over100 @GOP Amendments AND Real Transparency Stop Lying  @SenateGOP @JohnCornyn
The only transparency is the transparent strategy of keeping what's in the bill a secret because you know that the voters will hate it.
That's some toxic flim-flammery there. It is a huge secret because you are screwing over 10s of millions of citizens. Authoritarian BS
Fulsome: complimentary or flattering to an excessive degree. Extravagant, overdone. Learn our language and how to use it, Senator.
I really hope so! Remember it's not just the people kicked off health ins- it's their families who will have to divert $ from paycheck!
Do-nothing senior Senator more unpopular than Lyin' Ted Cruz.  Good ol' boy, back room dealin' throwback, out of touch with Texas.
Cheeto-Prez Twit's approach of playing games with information to the public isn't smart. And you are going to copy him? Sad!
So when is the fullness of time, John? When you dam well think you can get the bill through without resistance? Damnable
Did Jamie tweet the same thing to Pelosi the first time around?
Complete transparency the fullness of time? I've never heard such bunk! The time for transparency is at the beginning NOT toward the end.
Only 28% of Texas voters approve of job Cornyn is doing.  Lowest in Texas.  Worst Senator ever.  #ShowUsTheBill
New UT poll out today shows you with lowest approval rating of any Texas statewide official.  28%.  That's it.  Your approval rating.
Sometime before you vote on it, perhaps?
You mean after you pass that piece of shit into what you think is the toilet (aka the populace)? I hope you enjoyed being a senator.
Do like we did ACA. Took 1 1/2 years. Multiple hearings, subcommittees, amendments. Women? This is Treachery.
Just another false promise from a greedy politician
No one has been answering my calls. This bill has the power to devastate my family, so is the chance to ask a few ?'s too much to ask?
And so, the senate committee is "too busy" to meet with patient advocacy groups, eh? Real "fulsome" or foolsome. Still not hiding anything?
That's not what McConnell says....
Time is now and your words are hollow.
No one takes you at your word, Senator.  No one.
Do not believe you my senator
The bill should be released immediately otherwise this is not a democracy.
Shame on #GOP for hiding healthcare debate.  Shows you're ashamed of the bill!!!
Well, this helps explain your 28% approval rating here in TX in today's UT/TT Poll. Cannot wait for November 2020! #ResistGOPCare #UniteBlue
How can u say "full transparency" when even some Rs in the Sen. have complained ab the total lack thereof!? Y'all are literally hiding it.
I hope so because we all need to see what you are doing to us. Especially us baby boomers who you are allowing to be charged five times more
Whose time? Yours and your colleagues? Or the people's?
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Congrats on your 41% disapproval polling. I was sure your disapproval numbers would be much worse in Texas. https://www.texastribune.org/2017/06/16/uttt-poll-voters-grade-top-elected-officials-texas/?utm_campaign=trib-social-buttons&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social …
Why  the wait? Our eyes are on you all.
Okay, that settles it then. We know we can trust you & the rest of the Senate. Yeah, like I'd ever really say that. #USAb4party #SinglePayer
How can you claim transparency? that is laughable.
You're a GD joker and an assault on the Constitution. Good luck next election. #Retire
Deflect..."All in good time sonny boy..". He's worthless.
Complete bullshit Senator. You are really getting this Trumpian lieing thing down
interesting how power changes a person. When ACA was passing u were all about hearings. Now its "In fullness of time". #hypocrite
Let me translate: "y'all ain't gonna like this, so we'll keep it secret till it's too late."
That's some quality bullshit, Senator.  Save it for your easily-fooled constituents.
So- how many days between release of the text of bill and CBO score and your votes
I hope that this "in fullness of time" does not equal "after we force it through".
Ok, Texas Mr Burns 
Transparency doesn't include hiding behind closed doors.
I don't think those words mean what you think they mean.
Any bets on how well this tweet will age?
Sorry Senstor, but it sounds a whole lot like your selling "ocean side property in Arizona" #transparency
NOW is the time for complete transparency.
Make sure u let ALL of ur constituents see it. If you wait until the last moment & u take away their insurance, they'll be rather perturbed
Will the full text of the bill be available online for the public to view for 72 hours like the ACA?  That would be great!
I almost chocked when I read @JohnCornyn reply.  Sheep in wolf's clothing.
As one of your constituents, I would like to see the text of the bill. Tough to know policy behind it. Why not already w/ public?
Hatch indicated there will be no hearings. We deserve open hearings and to see the bill. This bill can mean life or death for many of us.
"In the fullness of time" According to R's like yourself, we don't have time. Your hubris is criminal.
Word in DC is that McConnell allows 20 hr debate on placeholder bill and swap in real bill as amendment, limit debate to few hrs. Comments?
Are we talking "fulsome" as in "complimentary or flattering to an excessive degree" or  "of large size or quantity; generous or abundant"??
We might have a game show Pres, but Americans are not part of any game show. Show us the bill.
Why not now? Why the secrecy?
Literally no one believes you.

Sentient meat.
YOU ARE MAKING NO SENSE.
I don't think "transparency " means what you think it means.
Why should we believe you. You just lied by calling it fake news.
Before you vote on it???
Don't bother trying to find him, he's not there:
Well if they want to vote before the July 4 break they had better make it public and hold hearings quick!
So if you are so confident why did you fail to hold any town halls. Texas does not want this we want you to fix the ACA!  You suck!
Democracy when you feel like it; dirty little secrets until then?
Why should we trust you at this point?
Believe it when we see... already throwing stones reach out to dems
What complete horseshit @JohnCornyn You kiss your mom with that mouth?
Before or after the vote?
Not if it's scheduled for debate in the 28th.
There had better be. If McConnell pulls some procedural bullshit, you better stop it. This is not how we legislate.
Ha!
None of the actions in The House or the current actions of The Senate indicate any intention of transparency.
It's official - John Cornyn hates USA!! Imagine a GOP Senator (anyone of them) standing up to Con Man Trump or McConnell?? ZERO integrity
Cronyn, you are a HYPOCRITE & political hack. Nothing more!! Imagine Obama w Trumps conflicts. Imagine Dems hiding Healthcare Bill. Hack!!
After 8 years of complaining about Ocare, your answer is "wait and see"? Deplorable!
Con Man Trump Jan 13 "My People will have full report on hacking within 90 days!" You even used exclamation mark. LIAR!! LIAR!! LIAR!!
As soon as it's passed we can start the transparent public debate right?
How many days will you give the public to understand and rebuttal?
WHILE YOU ARE EXEMPT!!!!
If y'all were so proud of it there wouldn't be secrecy. Shame on you. How do you sleep at night knowing you'll take away peoples healthcare?
@jslovegrove now you sound like Trump "you'll know in a short amount of time" so sad @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible
Complete transparency minutes before you ram through the bill?? Remember when senators worked together?
"All in good time, my pretties"
Not holding my breath.  These jokers would vote for the Communist Manifesto if it had the letters GOP and Trump on the front page.
Except John Cornyn is a known liar. So, why would we believe anything he is saying? This will be his last term in Congress anyway
After passage is not good enough.  Debates welcome.  Full disclosure welcomed. No more secrecy.
Why are you speaking in riddles?
Fulsome debate?? You guys plan on ramming this through with close to zero time for full review & debate. You're working in shadows. #shame
Take a hike John
No, that's not how this works.  Show us the bill now or go home for good.
Governing in secrecy is anti democratic John. You refuse to serve your constituents
77494 am I to understand that you are promising full transparency and debate on the GOP bill?
Knowing what words mean, matters -Fulsome: 1. disgusting or
offensive, esp. b/c excessive or insincere [fulsome praise] - @MerriamWebster
B.S.
Why don't I believe you?
@jslovegrove Look at the replies of your bosses, John. Are you proud of the reactions? Only care to satisfy your big $ donors?
You are so evasive. Doesn't play well Big John.
I genuinely hope that you are correct. Respectfully, I remind you that the electorate will hold you to this, sir.
@jslovegrove your honor rests on this being true
Really? There will be transparency and debate? Nothing we have seen indicates this is the case.
The cowardice is palpable. If you actually had good ideas, you wouldn't have any problem sharing them with the American people.
Liar. And you know it.
Big time liar and no town halls
What a weird demi-god way to speak. You really are a trumpy john. Repent and be saved! Revelation 21:8 read every morning and tell the @gop!
He's awful comfortable up there being paid with our taxes, getting Healthcare with our taxes. Then he uses Bible references. Judas reins
For two hours before you vote?
The #ACA is NOT imploding. I've bought health ins via ACA since its inception. Works fine. #ShowUsTheBill @lisamurkowski @SenDanSullivan
You do understand "transparency and debate" after passing, doesn't count. McConnell doesn't have intention of either before a vote.
And will you & your colleagues be required to accept & utilize said same health care plan for yourselves?
should have started already. This is ridiculous. People will literally die because of this bill.
Screenshotted this tweet, since it's official Congressional Record.  Sounds like you're saying the same amount of debate as the ACA had.
Just don't let it b Trumpcare or Ocare Lite. Split the problem in 1/2. Give us that can afford it free market solution. Safety net the rest.

The fullness of time is our concern obviously
@jslovegrove We are well into taxation without representation. We have the right to oust these people- NOW under the DOI.
We. Don't. Believe. Or. Trust. You.
Really? When?
Can't even get through to leave a voice mail at either of your offices. Mailbox full. Maybe you should check the damn messages, ass.
Transparency....in time?  This is really egregious.
@jslovegrove Why are any of us paying taxes?We pay your salary John, WE DO. We don't appreciate you keeping the ACA for yourself
Hey, separation of church and state... Keep Bible verses out of legislative process. #DoYourJob
Why not now? What does it hurt to keep an open dialog now?
The sanctimony of this tweet is breathtaking Senator. This is not another piece of legislation this is life or death. Attempt humanity plz
I hope so. I'd hate for you to make me get out in the Texas heat and canvass for any running against you in the next election.
But no hearings, right? No filibuster, right?
What's transparent are your lies, pandering, and condescension. Tell us what's in the bill NOW!
Who writes his tweets?!?!
Disgraceful how cavalierly you are treating healthcare for 23 MILLION people & 1/6 of the economy.
Can't wait until you're voted out. Ashamed that you're a Texan
No one believes that there will be transparency until AFTER the damage is done, and; BTW that's not transparency it's notice #secrecykills
I think you spelled fool wrong, which many of us are NOT.
Now that's a load of 
Also, you just quoted Sir Humphrey Applebee of 'Yes, Minister' fame-the greatest dodge artist known to man: "In the fullness of time."
I am saving this tweet Sir.
Stop hurting us
This is @johncornyn's idea of a town hall meeting.  Way to keep your constituents informed d-bag!  #NoToAHCA

Democracy dies in silence.  You are not representing your constitients and denying other Senators the right to do so.
This is a lie by the Senator
Hold hearings and townhalls  now! Your  constituents need to see and discuss the bill before you even try to vote for it! #stopahca #resist
why not now
Are you having a stroke? Are just another lying politician. #TXVoter
That's not good enough from obstructionists. Transparency now; not later.
This tweet is fully creepy.
That better be BEFORE the vote
Now THAT is some #FakeNews
Shameful. You obstruct & subvert the democratic process despite controlling house and Senate. For the people, John, not your best interests.
It's not on your time schedule...you work for us.  You'd do well to remember that and come down off your high horse.
