#SCOTUS #ForeverTainted
Congratulations. You've benched a justice to SCOTUS nominated by an admin under investigation. Is that the appearance you wanted?
History will not remember you well. And we will vote you out. #2020
Whether or not he's the right guy, his confirmation should've been after investigations of the current administration
Hmm, what would a dick do? I know, steal a SCOTUS seat from a centrist & give it to an Antonin Scalia clone. #StolenSeat
Some roll model you turned out to be.  Hey, kids, can't win?  Change the rules.  Despicable.
I think you mean stolen
Sad day for America. You will be voted out sir. #WeAreWatching #CountrybeforeParty
You should be ashamed of yourself! #TraitorToOurConstitution #YourLastTerm #OutOfTouch #TooPrivilegedForTooLong #TrumpRussia 75254
Confirmed you will be unemployed
After a legitimate nominee was refused any hearings & a 200 yr old rule was changed, the Senate GOP finally got its way. Gorsuch confirmed.
Isn't receipt of stolen property still a crime? #garlandsseat
... to a stolen seat, selected by an illegitimate president, and by changing long-standing Senate rules designed to maintain civility.
That should be picture of Merrick Garland, just so you know. Partisan games in Washington are polarizing this country. (I'm in Houston, TX)
Of course only your opponents play partisan games! This overdramatic tone we now take is pedantic, very hard to take seriously.
Appalled.
I and many of your other constituents are disappointed in this harmful game of party politics that you and the GOP are playing.
We will impeach him in 2019.
And for this you will be despised and remembered when it's your turn in the tank for re-election, @tedcruz is already feeling heat #2018
God help us.
#Illegitimate
It is telling that y'all resorted to such dishonesty to push this narcissistic retrograde sociopath to @Scotus .We are watching. #MAGA 78259
How can you can be proud of confirmation obtained by obstruction of Garland hearing, party over constituents, & trump under investigation?
Wait, is that a Russian name?
An ambiguous confirmation for sure. Now about that town hall...   #2020 #WeAreWatching #WeWillRemember
Thanks to republicans, Gorsuch will always be viewed as less than.  Way to go.
Merrick. Garland. What you and the Republicans have done is a disgrace. #Houston & #Texans won't forget ur role in this partisan disaster.
Merrick. Garland.

John's position on confirmation FOREVER tarnished the #SCOTUS and #SCOTUS #ForeverTainted this is another embarrassing #trumpfail moment
I wish the Democrats would sink to the lows the Republicans have.
When Ra banned legi will impeach this one
This is awful.
A sad day for our democracy.
A disgrace.   You celebrate because these republican senators broke 200 yr tradition to get what they want ANYTHING.
Disgusting
You cheated. Any wonder people don't trust the system?
Well, you won this one, but we'll be out for your job in 2020. You're not as secure as you might think. Town Hall?   Thought not.
Shame on you.
The pendulum will swing back. Trust.
And kissed your career in the Senate goodbye
Let's a have a #townhall to talk about your enthusiastic subversion of 200 years of precedent!
How can you be proud of this? Confirming #gorsuch a illegitimate nominee from an illegitimate President. #RussiaInvestigation Shame on you!
Sadly, we know. Once again, party over ethics and morality. Supposedly #YouWorkForUs but I'm really not seeing it.
And I have no doubt you'll sleep like a baby despite killing a piece of democracy in the name of petty partisan politics. #FlipTexas2020
Texans will remember this pathetic display of partisan hackery Senator. And I'm sure Democrats will too when they regain control of Congress
This is stupid & short-sighted, par for the course for @GOP strategy these days. Spent so much time obstructing you can't develop ideas
.@JohnCornyn now do one of the Senate chamber that just says BROKEN BY GREED
MORALLY BANKRUPT GOP
No matter what, it will always be a stolen seat. A forever scarlet letter on the GOP's chest.
Stolen seat!
Congratulations on eating the fruit of the poisonous tree.
I am relieved to see you are happy with yourself as you turn citizens' rights over to corporations. #greed #wethecorporations #lastterm
ILL GOTTEN GAIN CONSIDERING YOUR TREATMENT OF MERRICK
subversive politics to be sure
And, in order to do it, you had to blow up the Senate.  Not a moment of which you should be proud.
"Confirmed"
Now call Merrick Garland and apologize. Be a grownup for a change.
You forgot the "*"
Peace.if @&¥%
You will be voted out.  How much of the $10 mil did you get?
Gorsuch unable to get 60 votes, so Reps changed rules. Voting doesn't seem to represent US citizens anymore, why we have the current POTUS.
Like kiplings' mowgli.
#TownHall! Explain your partisan hypocrisy. You don't even TRY to understand the @IndivisibleTeam movement. We are not going away! #RESIST
Illegitimate SC pick, illegitimate president.  Kick the GOP traitors out in '18.
Not something to be proud of.
Boast away Johnny. The People Will NOT forget how little regard you have for justice and fairness and OUR Will. #voteemout
And all you had to do was blow up the Senate to get your way. Congrat!
Way to go @JohnCornyn I guess it doesn't matter what the people want.
It will matter in 2020! #turntexasblue
I hope so!!!
*
Forever with an asterisk.  What goes around, comes around, John.  The GOP will reap what they've sown.
200 year old rule change! You should be so proud of doing that.
And all it took was subverting the Constitution, stonewalling the seat for a year, and reversing your position against ending the filibuster
MERRICK GARLAND won't be forgotten. Welcome to the 3rd world
Thanks for supporting our leader, Senator.
Don't you mean "Dear Leader"?
What about garland?
Congratulations Merrick Garland....oh wait
Sup Ct loses tons of legitimacy. Senate becomes more divisive. You're an entitled cheater. That will be your legacy.
Only had to completely destroy any pretense of a functional Senate to do it. Congrats.
Thank Harry Reid.
Ignorant twaddle.
Shame on all of you antihumanitarians
To a stolen seat.  With that said, I wish him luck.
Enjoy this victory now because we will vote you #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue
I'm already,working on getting him out to.
The hypocrisy you have shown in pushing this nomination after obstructing Merrick Garland's nomination last year is repellent.
Shame on you!

