Where GOPers who were so concerned about Hillary spilling classified material apparently dont care when trump does it. Those damn partisans!
False. Everyone's concern is that Trump fired the head of the agency INVESTIGATING him. You know better.
Wrong. Comey's no liberal martyr. The concern is for rule of law and investigational integrity.
less interested in partisan support of @JamesComeyFBI more interested in his firing after request of more funding #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
Wrong. We never thought he was an angel, but for 45 to dismiss him to block the investigation against him is pure corruption.
As a member if the Senate Intelligence Committee this firing doesn't seem to concern you. That concerns me.
This should REALLY concern you.
Read or not
Not concerned to the degree you are.  HRC lost.  POTUS own actions warrant investigation.  Maybe he'll be cleared.  Maybe not.
We want the investigation to move forward with an independent prosecutor
Anyone who does not have the integrity to stand against this strongman tactic does not have my vote - to quote "bad and sad"
Would not have fired him. 45 only likes people who kiss his ass and says he's right #votehimout2020
You are standing by watching democracy crumble and doing nothing. Appoint a special counsel and find out what is going on.
WHILE @TRUMP DEFENDED HIM @PARTISANBS
fake news. IT IS THE TIMING OF COMEY'S FIRING THAT WE ALL HAVE A PROBLEM WITH. FIRE COMEY AFTER INVESTIGATION IS OVER
You don't have a problem with Comey or Trump's handling of the situation?  Speaks volumes.
Thx for promoting #TheResistance ....until the GOP puts country before party, it will continue!!
Please stop! Do some actual work you poor Excuse for a Senator
Then he should have fired him on day 1.  But he waited and fired him when the truth on Russia is about to blow wide open. #trumprussia
Senator: stop carrying partisan water on this and stand up to the Russians and for career law enforcement. You look like a stooge...
I agree that he is a stooge
How about the GOPs betrayal of the American people by consistently putting party above country. How long will you let this abomination last?
Two issues--he influenced the election but he shouldn't be fired while he is investigating the President.  So easy.
We now know he was fired to shutdown the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation What is Congress going to do about it?
Why don't you do your job and investigate Russia and this administration instead of being a partisan hack.
Senator, you are just as callow and superficial and dysfunctional as any democrat in DC.  It seems it's a job requirement to be elected.
Puh-lease @JohnCornyn ! You're so damn stuck in your partisan tantrum you don't even notice when our country is stolen from right under you!
Hey John - How does Putin's ass taste?
This is suspect stop with the bs he knew comey was closin in on him that's why he fired him nothing more nothing less. If comey was not 45
I hope you sleep well after this tweet.  Shameful!  Nixon must be amazed at you rolling over and acting dead.  I vote in TX & expect action!
Also, like him or not, he didn't deserve hear it on TV.  He is a patriot--unlike you.
Not the point. You know better as former TX AG but talk down to stupid followers. Even Nixon didn't dare to fire FBI head. Get to work!
Follow the Trump line much? I think you don't quite understand the outrage... HINT: #ObstructionofJUSTICE
#IndependentInvestigation
This is not about Democrats and Comey, this is about our president thinking that he is above the law. And this tweet is a disgrace.
Cornyn is a trump apologist. And by proxy same for Russia.
Hey now, don't hate on them Johnny. The @DNC & the @GOP are different sides of the same worthless coin. By the way, that also includes you.
Weak ass republicans are first to whine and cry about injustice till the FBI comes knocking on their chamber door.
Obama could have fired him last October, what would your lame ass have said then?
And Trump praised him on the campaign trail, then fired him when he found out he was under investigation Your point?
Simply put, If Trump had issues with Comey's handling of Hillary Clinton's emails, the time to fire him was January 20th.
Firing him for Hillary's emails while his campaign is being investigated by the FBI seems highly suspicious. Be a patriot like @SenatorBurr
Wrong John. He's a pub. We had to live with and y'all should too. Stop drinking the kool-aid John and wake up.
when are you going to quit allowing your partisan interest to override your duty to the US?
How can you not comprehend that someone could be upset w/ Comey's actions in Oct & still be concerned over his suspiciously timed firing?
Really?  You shouldn't be so condescending.  You know what this is about.
Be a man and put #CountryOverParty and demand an #IndependentInvestigation into Russia's interference
being fired 4 investigating ur boss =bad, using partial information to influence an election =bad, people can be upset about both#Castro2020
Jerk. Do your job. At least TRY to make it look like you WANT To go down on the right side of history, instead of in 
You should be ashamed.
Yea I don't like Comey. I think he is a political thug. The concern is what is 45 trying to hide. Please find out Senator. This is on you.
This is a constitutional crisis. Support an independent special prosecutor to investigate this matter or you are complicit. #ComeyFiring
We can believe his October meddling was unjust & ALSO believe his being fired while investigating the president is suspicious. #ComeyFiring
I'm an independent moderate who has voted for more Republicans than Democrats over time. That has changed with Trump. I'm not alone.
liberals don't care about comey. They care that you fired the man leading the Russia probe
Grow a pair and stop insulting our intelligence!
I think the timing is the problem Senator and even you should be able to agree that it looks incredibly suspicious.
Again, must ask, why the partisanship? What do you gain from skewing the obvious truth to your perspective?political points? How's ur soul?
You realize that disagreeing with Comey's actions does not mean a person can't be shocked and disappointed by his firing?
Not capable of using discernment in your judgements, sir? This tweet makes you look like kind of a hick.
#CountryOverParty #CountryOverParty #CountryOverParty #CountryOverParty #CountryOverParty #CountryOverParty #CountryOverParty DO YOUR JOB
This has nothing to do with Partisanship. You don't FIRE THE PERSON INVESTIGATING YOU IF YOU ARE INNOCENT.
I am Texan. I am your constituent. I vote. No matter your choices from here in out, I will see you and Cruz as cowards
Now is not the time to be partisan; put country first.  Trump proves his collusion by firing #Comey and you need to stand up against it!
also, when is your town hall?
you really are a teenager. you name call and take selfies during senate hearings. and then leave midway through them. be a senator.
No they aren't!  Lies, lies, and more lies.  What do you get out of it John?  A condo in Trump Tower?
Texans and the American people don't care about your shameless obsession with partisan attacks. Investigate bc it's the right thing to do.
Ds not portraying Comey as liberal martyr. @realDonaldTrump should have fired him when he took office instead of praising Comey.
What is wrong with you, Senator?
hmmm, now where did I put that chicken?
Your tweets are always 100% POLITICAL.
No liberals aren't doing this. Facts matter, but not to the WSJ.
Nothing was ever a partisan complaint about Comey.His actions were questioned no matter what party questioned him.This isn't PARTISAN.
. Look for us it's the timing and the real reason - Russia. Bigly
. And The Republicans would be doing the same thing.  It's sad your drank the Trump Kool-Aid
Of*
Don't tell me Putin has a pee pee tape if you too.
When will you represent ALL Texans instead of @GOP only? You are deciding NOW how history will write you.
Comey's firing isn't the problem...your spin is bullshit.  It's the timing & the circumstance as you know John the Con Cornyn.  U R a shame!
Keep changing the subject John and see what it does to your career.This isn't about Comey. It's about Trump and you know it.Balls of denial
You and Conway must be getting some big paychecks from Trump to constantly stand in front of the nation and defend him. GOP's become a joke
Why are you concerned about partisan politics? It's shameful. We need an independent investigation. NOW.
thought you're supposed to represent all your constituents, both R's & D's? I'm in ur district and want representation! #dourjob or else!
Sessions was supposed to be recused from dealing with matters related to Hillary and Russia, so why did he get involved in firing FBI head?
Don't be complicit in Russian interference in our gov't. Insist on a special prosecutor.
Grand Jury subpoenas and sealed indictments are coming their way. You had better hope your name isn't in any of them. #AdiosIn2020
Independent INVESTIGATION !
The GOP and @JohnCornyn are traitors to this great nation, you shall be removed from office and replace by a true patriot who put country 1
Maybe you could be the martyr for TRUTH by pushing a commission on Russia&Trump-no foul no harm- STEP UP- be moral not party/$ (KOCH)
Are you implying that you are somehow better for you consistent lying, racism and disdain for the poor?
The timing of his firing is suspicious.  Was he fired to stop the investigation? If so, you should be outraged, too.
Wrong, Wrong Democrats are saying Dir. Comey was fired because Pres. Trump was mad that he would not back back down on the Russia invest.
Comey is neither; he was the chief investigator for #Russiagate & the person he was investigating has fired him. Find your Texas backbone!
Where?
Independent prosecutor
Listen to yourself. Your partisanship is showing. Your representation is not!
False.  Liberals do not like what he did to Clinton just like Cons. didn't like what he was doing with Russia inv- note the timing.
Comey needed to be reprimanded or fired, but the timing and reasoning for this action is highly suspect. Not mutually exclusive concepts!
Only thing being martyred by the Trump administration is the US Constitution, John. And you are collaborating, Comrade.
Choose your country over your party!  Demand a special prosecutor.  Act like a patriot not a partisan
Trump colluded with the Russians!  It's obvious now!
You have a great arm for throwing rocks, while standing in a glass house. Weren't you part of the GOP Comey fan club on Clinton email?
Senator, I think the rarified air of Trumps posterior has begun to affect your judgement. Get out while you still can.
the ability to hold two conflicting ideas in the mind at the same time is a hallmark of sapiens cognition. But not for GOP. Sad
I so wish #SallyYates was from TX. She would be a senator of whom I could be proud. #PartisanHack
I am sorry that you are unable to rise above petty partisanship for the sake of your country #Disappointing
Clearly this is difficult for you. But, I am able to disagree with Comey's actions AND think that his firing stinks to high heaven.
your Tweet was quoted by @washingtonpost
So what's your position on appointing a Special Prosecutor?  Yes, or no?
Hey, simpleton. Someone can deserve to be fired and still have suspicious circumstances surrounding their firing. Maybe if you'd stop
Making EVERYTHING about partisanship and start giving a flying flip about the United States, you'd see the cause for alarm.
Trump is lying. That's a problem for everyone. It's not partisan. Look at your oath of office instead of your party
Your words and actions make it clear you don't give a damn about Americans.
If this were a Pres Clinton firing Comey during an investigation into her campaign we would be equally outraged. Presidents aren't kings.
You & the GOP are a disgrace. Your GOP predecessors would be appalled by your refusal to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate treason
You called for a special counsel in the email "scandal".   Now you are going to play like you think it's all fine?
Independent investigation already! Your partisan tweets are disgusting.
Senator, we all know how you would react were the party affiliations reversed. Your hypocrisy is embarrassing. 77077
Senator, I object to your rank partisanship at a time of national concern. Put country over party or step down. 77077
Senator, it's possible to object to Comey's conduct AND object to his firing at this time, under these circumstances. 77077
When are the Republicans going to just admit that Trump's behavior is out of control?  You make me so happy I no longer live in Texas.
Your pathetic coverage to being compliant is to say they are partisan!
Americans are losing hope in Congress! Democracy & the constitution are being torn apart at the seams and you are allowing @POTUS to do it!
Support an independent investigation. Your lack of concern for our democracy is troubling.
Corrupt 3rd world countries don't hold a candle to current WH & those fighting against independent investigation.
give it up. We are so tired of all of your lies.
Well we all know Dems. have a tendency to hypocrites. Especially a few leaders in Senate & House.
Please understand. True Americans don't care who gets to the bottom of this. As long as they are a patriot and not a Truppet.
The POTUS might be a traitor and your primary concern today is name calling.  You are an embarrassment. #countrybeforeparty
You are such a huge disappointment. Our democracy is doomed because of people like you. I loved the USA and you do not. You destroy it.
Its about Russia, stupid.
The last group that acted like the @GOP were hanged or committed suicide after their "only following orders" defense failed...Heil Trump??
Why did Trump wait until May to fire him? Seriously. If anyone can explain this to me, I'll shut up.
Again, it is only a matter of timing!
You have betrayed the citizens of Texas by blindly supporting this traitor and joke you call "president".  History will remember.
Because they are putting country over party and seeing this firing as just what it was. An attempt to shut down "all things Russia".
Do you look at the responses to your tweets? I don't think you even hear yourself. Dismantling democracy isn't partisan, it's terrifying.
What he did was wrong but he shouldn't be fired. That is even worse
Tread lightly, sir. You defend a president who is destined to be impeached or charged with treason.
This is not about party. This is about country and the idea that our president believes himself to be above the law. #SpecialProsecuter
No, not a liberal martyr. A victim of Donald Trump's corrupt administration. Cover up in full swing.
I'm not sure what's worse: your blatant partisanship or your inability to see the difference here. Start representing all of Texas.
Why can't you understand that the problem isn't THAT he was fired, but WHY he was fired? #ComeyFiring #comeyfiring #Trumprussia #gopcoverup
Really senator? Why do you GOPers always see party before anything? This is about time of law, and Russia gate.
.@JohnCornyn why can’t you be a leader and not a petty partisan hack?
Nope. You're completely missing the point. #countrybeforeparty #TrumpRussiaInvestigation #IndependentInvestigationNow Represent democracy!
This is disugsting. Putting party over country is going to be your downfall. We will be certain of that #investigatetrump
Mitch McConnell is showin' off for his new boss Putin while the foreign minister is in town. @SenateMajLdr TP
There is just no explanation for how the #progressive mind works.  They weave themselves into a tangled web of lies and deceit #alinskyrads
Release trumps taxes to independent investigation of Russia's influence  administration. Release the documents on Flynn.
You are just ridiculous.  'Martyr'?  Really?  Not sure that's how I would describe James Comey.  More like got his just deserts.
You sir are an embarrassment to the great state of Texas. Shut up #youfucker
NOT a martyr, the President just fired the man investigating him!
This is disgusting and as a Texan, I am ashamed that you are choosing party over country? Investigate! Or Are you a part of it, too?
Could you ask the Russians if they will let us keep our flag?
Time to be an American, Senator. This isn't partisan. #CountryOverParty
Stop wagging the dog, why did The President fire the man who was in charge of an investigation into his ties with Russia? #partyovercountry
Why are you so afraid of a special prosecutor? As a former (respected) jurist, how can you stand by and let this happen?  #complicit
Watergate did not involve Russian espionage and undisclosed Russian agents in the White House. This is much worse
Please stop your nonsense!!
Really? I am so disappointed in you. This is how tyranny is born. #comeyfired #SpecialProsecutor #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
TERM LIMITS....
clown Schumers statements are absurd. @POTUS acted on deputy AG recommendations period. Hypocrites
Republicans complained about Obama overreach for 8 years? Was that just partisanship or something else? Defend our Constitution now!
We're not idiot Trumpkins that can't understand context you fucking traitor.
as predicted clown Schumer call for special prosecutor as predicted. Rosenstien does not need to waste taxpayers $ with bull
Wow you're a coward! Dems had issue with Comey, yes, but if this was real issue why not fire him MONTHS AGO? #CountryBEFOREParty
You're going to side with WH instead of your fellow Americans? #ShameOnYou #ShameOnGOP
their hypocrisy is beyond the pale. Schumer has no credibility
Do your job: Insist on independent investigation of Russian influence and ties. Defending Trump will hurt you in 2020. Step back
We can be both upset about what happened in October and VERY concerned about what the firing means for our government & country.
Reminder that WSJ and Fox News are owned by the same company. #Trumplackey
Independent prosecutor!!
You can neither defend Comey nor Trump's decision to fire him, no- you have to keep finger pointing. You're as bad as Trump. Woefully unfit.
You might try being more like your good friend Sasse and at least be "troubled" by the appearance of a cover up.
Special prosecutors now. Get busy.
That's crap and you know it. People can express concern about his handling of HRC emails and *still* think it's wrong to fire him.
And you know very well that firing the man who is investigating Trump's appointment of foreign agent to NSA was not because of emails.
No. They are concerned that @POTUS and a recused AG fired someone who was leading an investigation involving him and his team #trumprussia
I see people demanding a special prosecutor, not that Comey be given his job back. You're misreading the situation. It's not about Comey.
The gentleman dust protest too much, methinks #TrumpRussia #TexasBlue
And..? 1 day U might "get it". This is NOT a Republican vs. Democrat issue! This is an ethical issue. Step up & do your job!
Nope. Still don't like him. But I'm not a D. You, however, are the worst sort of partisan. #Trumplackey
what a shame you do nothing but criticize dems even though you are supposed to represent ALL constituents.   #wepayyoursalary
