Thought I'd share this with you bc the Washington Examiner won't have it. This is really bad, for the record
Lol. Washington Examiner. 
AS. Let's stay in touch. Their are few politicians I despise more than @JohnCornyn   Same page here.
Now this is fake news
So the White House has become a credible source for your news?  Sad!
A real Texan thinks for himself. You sure you're comfortable being Trump's "attaboy"?
France
Yet...
Nothing unclassified. I'm anxious to see what the 2 Grand Juries that convened come up with. Supposedly there are a few sealed warrants too?
Yet the Senate Intelligence Committee, co-chaired by a respected republican, move forward.  Trying to distract JC?
Trump Campaign Associates Questioned Over Russia Ties - WSJ http://on.wsj.com/2qAPJQk 
And you are a tremendous coward, BTW. 2/2
*cough*
What makes you sure that there is collusion (between Trump campaign and Russians)?

Swalwell: Evidence I’ve reviewed on the classified side 
I'm sorry aren't you supposed to be part of the Senate Intel Com investigating this? More like Keystone cops... #independentinvestigation
What!!!!!!!! are you smoking?
What a clown ...
That's some fake news right there, senator.  Can't wait to vote you out!
You will do or say anything to cover up for a 2 bit con man who is robbing this country blind and so is his daughter .But talk about Hillary
No unclassified evidence. Pay attention and keep up.
Seriously? You're supposed to be investigating #TrumpRussia. Not tweeting some editorial commentary to the contrary. #TownHall to discuss?
Absolute clown show. Irresponsible and insulting tweet. And I voted for him. Sadly. but not again.
Seriously--Cornyn is a Trump Tool. . . Sad.
All Republicans should be Tools for President Trump. All Democrats were tools for President Obama.
Except trump isn’t actually a Republican.. He has been bought by republicans - everything with him is up for sale.
Whatever. If nothing else, I'm good with him putting Gorsuch on SC. Better than HRC would have done. #MAGA
I guess you don't have to have any intelligence to be part of the Intelligence Committee. Or even pretend to be unbiased. #Trumprussia
dems finally conceeding??
Don't believe it, there has not been a thorough investigation yet.
I predict that we all see our health care system decline with the backdrop of an increased debt and deficit. It will be entirely on the GOP!
Do the intelligence community is lying
Cling closely to this, Senator. May it bring u some small (tiny, really) comfort in the days ahead. You're supporting an agent of influence.
Oh, yeah. Sure thing. Let's see how you like the tune. Have a great spring, okay?
Smoke and mirrors
Tired of Russia and election, want economy going, jobs, fewer govt agencies, spending reduced, debt pay down started and a calmer world
Listen to the video. She said, "not at this time". That is not the same as no evidence. Just bc u agree, doesn't make it true.
#FAKENEWS
She was unable to comment when asked, and when Blitzer asked if she had evidence of collusion, her response was "Not at this time." 1/2
How about you finish your investigation before you weigh in on that, Senator?
It's obvious you're not willing to conduct bipartisan investigation. #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Release trumps taxes
Is this indicative of the kind of investigation GOP is conducting? You couldn't even delve far enough to determine what this story is about
Hase the FBI will officially cleared Trump and associates of any wrong doing and closed the investigation? Until it does, this means nothing
...so much for a fair investigation on the Senate Intelligence Cmt. Thanks for showing your true colors yet again #TrumpoverTexas
#IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
No sir, none!
blah, blah, blah.  We'll wait for the FBI report. You have a singular agenda, yourself. JC does what JC thinks will make him look good.
too early to make such pronouncements. Grand Jury with testimony under oath - Justice must be seen to be done @TXlege @TURNTXBLUE2018
Actually, there's quite a lot of evidence. How do you not know this?
What garbage website is that? Go watch fox noise with the rest of the repugnant deplorables. #russianpuppet
Highly doubt this.
What is wrong with you?  You will be happily voted out of office. You don't give a flying leap about your constituents. You are corrupt.
She saw CIA Intel, which doesn't (by law) investigate US citizens.  What's the FBI say? @20committee #Trumprussia
Independent investigation!!!! Nothing else will suffice!
Jonn, it is 'not at this time'. That doesnt mean there is none, what can't you understand about that? Nervous?
1. Not what she said. Stop trying to mislead people with your lies and 2. That website looks like it's straight out of 1998
Why don't you support an independent investigator, let him/her actually do a complete investigation and then we can talk #trumprussia
Exactly! Hillary and Obama are guilty of collusion with Russia!
It's not over yet. Just wait. And you know you don't believe that.
Her answer was "not at this time." Maybe bc @GOP has done everything to prevent an independent bipartisan investigation to get to the truth.
Is that why Rudy Giuliani is being investigated? Come to my house and we will discuss it coffee ,tea, wine, and beer whatever it takes.
I think he's more partial to bullshit than cocktails.
Wow. I could say the same about...hmmm...what was it? Benghazi???
Seriously? This is the crap you tweet? Did you read anything past the headline or...? #TheResistance
#IndependentInvestigation
#PantsOnFire 
At least we know what kind of garbage blogs the senator reads now.
You and the amateur administration have no clue how much the Bill you said yes to will cost. Do you go to your job with blinders on?
Follow the money.  That why the FBI has a counter espionage investigation on going...more to come in the months ahead.
If FBI have not found anything by now, they will not. Normal DC stuff, drag it out until something else can be made up. Hebert Hoover stuff.
#canCornyn2020 No way should you be representing great State of Texas. You have no integrity or grit. We are made of better stuff than you.
#FakeNews
Except that's not at all what she said. The ethical thing is to not comment on an ongoing investigation, even if she did have information.
Unfortunately @JohnCornyn doesn't have any ethics. If he did say there should be an #IndependentInvestigation
That is a fact. How is it that he didn't know of his people's ties without him knowing?
Associates and campaign members (Manafort, Paige, Stone, Flynn) have financial ties to Russia and other foreign agencies
Assuming Sen. Diane Feinstein was directly quoted, she and everybody else knows that there is an ongoing investigation.
I understand why people have to tell u things.  U did not ask 1 question about Russia at hearing this week.  Shame on you!
#IndependentInvestigation
She said not at this time. If you want to heal the country don't posthalf answers.  You guys have to earn credibility to put it to rest.
Incorrect, sir. @SenFeinstein said, " Not at this time."
You are just full of jokes today aren't you?
You left out a key phrase asshat "at this time". It ain't over & there are plenty of connections. Ur up for reelection in 2020 #Resist
Me: No evidence Cornyn has any business representing the citizens of Texas. Does have time to search obscure news outlets to support Cornyn.
#IndependentInvestigation
#COVERUP #sad #fakesenator
#IndependentInvestigation
Are you sure you're from Texas? Because I am, and you don't represent anything I love about this state. Stop drinking the Kool-Aid & man up
Her answer was "not at this time." 
Senators are not prosecutors or investigators. Why not appoint a Special Prosecutor?
I'll think I'll wait for the FBI's final decision.
GRAHAM: "Is it fair to say that the Russian government is still involved in American politics?"

COMEY: "Yes."   —via @MSNBC 
Save your lies for your stump speeches
Check yourself Senator.  She said no UNclassified info...not NO INFO. #TrumpRussiaCollusion

Then you need to demand that he release his tax returns.  Otherwise you don't have a leg to stand on.
Right!  And you believe that BS?
You're on the Intel Committee!  Are you getting ready for a career in stand-up comedy with this?  #TrumpRussiaCollusion
NOT WHAT SHE SAID!!!  She could not reveal anything classified. STOP LYING.
You don't celebrate after the first quarter John. Three more quarters to play in the investigation.
You sure did harp on "her emails" even after Comey said numerous times under oath they found  nothing to prosecute her on.
You play two seconds of her talking and claim that she said something she didn't even say? Are you effing serious right now?
Wow you're gullible, Cornyn. CONTEXT. Nothing unclassified.
No UNCLASSIFIED evidence. How disingenuous of you.
Tread carefully John.  You are already in cahoots with the worst President in history.  Congrats for being a world class sell out.
have you been listening to the briefings from the Intel community, c'mon John @DFWIndivisible @AltStateDpt
hahahahaha hahahahahaha
Roll the tape again John. That's not what she said.

Amazing how the clickbait missed this: "He then asked Feinstein whether she had evidence, without disclosing any classified information"
ahahhaa - Check your sources John. Check your sources before you tweet false information, sir.
How the hell can this guy claim a bipartisan investigation? #IndependentInvestigation #TrumpRussia
"Collusion" has no legal definition Senator, as I'm sure you're aware. Speak while you still can.
Your constituents are counting on you to vote AGAINST #AHCA. Voting for it will ensure your final term.
two words: mike flynn
don't mind me, just gonna pop in for a quick screen shot of this for later.
Yet
It's not April fool's day.
#altfacts=lies
It's ok john.  You may not be part of this cabal but reelection is coming.
This is literally nothing.
You tweet out Breitbart Pepe the frog articles. Credibility is something that will crash down on you someday. Craven fake
