Please, do not do this. You will explode the deficit.  Trickle down economy doesn't work. You know this.
Correct, trickle down government doesn’t work, which is why we need lower taxes and free markets, which clearly work.
We did this with George W. look what happened. The deficit will explode. Medicare will be cut.
Because of the Bush tax cuts, today we have more tax revenue than we otherwise would have.
The CBO disagrees with you. I'll take their facts over the Heritage Foundation, Forbes or the Washington Times.
Literally the CBO doesn’t disagree with this reality that revenues as a percentage of GDP has continued going up, nor do they use dynamic
Please Hopefully in spite of himself, the rich industries and rich people will pay higher taxes so the lower to middle income can benefit.
Tax cuts for your ultra wealthy donors are not tax cuts for the middle class. You sir are a liar 
You are owned by Koch. You added 4.1 trillion to the deficit all to cut Medicaid
Nothing in Republican bill is for the middle class.  Nothing.
So you took your first step to unemployment and shame
And unicorns were spotted on the National Mall. Both are fairy tales.
You must define "middle class" differently than regular people.
John you are my senator (living in Austin, Tx). You must pass tax cuts in Congress. If not the price at the voting booth will be very high.
No. You're pushing upper-upper class tax relief amd spending cuts that hurt the poor and lower middle class. Have you no decency, sir?
Fact check thread
Since @USATODAY's editors didn't fact-check @realDonaldTrump's oped on his tax plan, I will do so.  1/

https://www.usatoday.com/story/opinion/2017/10/22/president-trump-tax-reform-lets-make-morning-america-again-column/782233001/ …

Yet all analyses prove this to be false. Call it what it is, John: A brazen and desperate attempt to give the rich a tax cut. 

& first step toward increasing the deficit by giving himself & his buddies a gift by abolishing the “death tax”
Talk to your fellow senators from Kansas. They tried this & it failed BIG time. Or talk 2 ur consitituents, we don't want this #NotOnePenny
Nothing in the bill will give Middle class tax relief.  Please, discontinue telling your constituents lies!
U are a colossal embarrassment to TX & the US. You and the @SenateGOP @GOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump continue to LIE, LIE, LIE about taxes!
@SenateGOP has sold their souls to the devils Koch, Mercer & other wealthy donors. They don't give a damn about average Americans.
@SenateGOP are a pack of sociopaths. You're all bought & paid for by the Koch Bros. Gutting Medicare/Medicaid to pay for tax cuts is EVIL.
You know when you say this it just makes us wonder if you think a $200k salary is middle class
I take it you no longer believe in a balanced budget and deficit reduction, or is that just rhetoric for opposing a Democratic president?
Middle class tax relief with 80% of the relief going to the top 1%? How can we ever thank you?
BS. You’re giving $ 2 rich and making us cut our already paltry 401k’s. Quit the false statements.
More like you took another step toward out of control debt at the expense of the middle class and lower income Americans.  Shameful!
You mean corporate greed tax relief. There is nothing in it for the middle class.
Dear John and the GOP: keep lying to the American Public. NO on this whole process! Trickle down is a farce!
You do realize that people will notice when they pay significantly more taxes under the Republican "plan."  By people I mean voters.
Shame on you! Make the rich, richer! And why no outcry over niger. #hypocrite #alwaysworking4party 
This is trump benghazi. Gop step-UP
Do u believe what u are saying or are u spouting the party line? If u believe it u should seek treatment, if not just stop ur bs
You and the rest of the @GOP did exactly what the Koch brothers told you to do


You rich people sure are good at taking care of yourselves. The sad part is, you are not ashamed of yourself.

Senate Republicans pass budget that will add $1.5 trillion to deficit, slash Medicare and Medicaid. http://abcn.ws/2yVJHOy  
Mr. Cornyn, I'm in the middle class and this math doesn't add up. I'll end up paying more. Why are you lying to your constituents?
Great. Now give Fed Retirees a tax break by having our FEHB as pre tax.   Do something!!!
Too bad about that deficit, tho, huh?
Senate Republicans pass budget resolution that would add $1.5 trillion to the deficit over the next 10 years. http://abcn.ws/2znz4QM  
Pls reconsider ur position - this will harm the most vulnerable of Americans.
Socialism is only good for the rich, eh?  You're redistributing wealth and creating deficits the poor and middle class will pay for
Senator, Where is the bill, can we see if the Senate is being fiscally responsible.  Is a win more important than us who must pay for it?
John. Now this may be a first step, but you LIE when you imply it will end with “middle class” cuts.
Well,as long as your resume has been updated,you can go and pass the newest version of trickledown economics to screw your constituents.cya!
Get off your knees to the rich!
The plan forces higher tax burden on middle class to fund tax cut for the wealthy. Thanks @GOP for lifting up the yachts!
"Middle class"? Hahahahahaha. People aren't dumb, John.
Your first step was sliding my paystub funded Medicare &Medicaid dollars, for use in my time of need, across table to top 1% as tax cut.
#LIAR Just like your buddy the #LiarAndChief @realDonaldTrump #YouAllLie! #RussianTies #MoneyLaundering #Niger
Stop lying.
Thank you Sen Cornyn
Ooops. You meant to say “senate took 1st step toward tax relief for their 1% donors....”
Confirm Russ Voight
IF Salt goes away it will not pass the House.
How much money have they paid you to betray your country?
How does this help middle class? Only helps wealthy-trickle down econ DOES NOT HELP ANYONE ITHER THAN THE WEALTHY!!!!!
Nicely done. I'll be watching for the same on taxes.
Your corrupt blocking of senate confirmation for Russ Vought just removed any gains you think you made tonight. We’re watching. #ConfirmRuss
Folks, that trickle down theory? Well, that trickle u r feeling ain't money, if u know what I mean.
Correct, trickle down government doesn’t work.
JFC, do you ever get tired of lying?  Does repeating  obvious lies make you feel better, or is it just part of your job.
GOP is dead set on destroying our middle-class, planet & democracy. Americans face no greater enemy...
American should not be a country of dynastic wealth. Rich people breed lazy and stupid children if they never work a day in their life.
Let's have a town hall to talk about it. Let us know your thoughts and ideas face to face? Or no? Just screw all Texans?
Please don't insult our intelligence.
Just imagine how far these "tax breaks" will go to defray the cost of medical insurance when it skyrockets. Yep, "the fixers".
Don’t be ridiculous. There’s not much in the tax bill for the middle class. What might provide middle class tax relief #trumptaxreturns
That’s an interesting way to say tax cuts for millionaires
Wow. I cannot wait until you have to answer for these things you have done. Shame on you.
How does repealing the estate tax help the middle class? News flash, middle class don't have estates worth $5m +.
Total bull. This is a windfall for all of you, the Trumps, the Kochs. You sold us all to line your own pockets. GOP=greedy bastards.
Lies and more lies. But as long as the Koch brothers are happy, right?
Too bad I don't have a $5.45 million dollar estate to reap the benefits of your estate tax repeal.
Plain and simple, this “plan” is payback to your big donors. #priorities

#Lies #Liar
Nonsense. The top 1% get 80 percent of the benefit from your tax plan. It’s a wealth transfer from the middle and lower class to the top.
The tax plan I've seen only benefits the top 1%. Many of the middle class pay more. So I'm calling you a liar Cornyn. Meet me at a town hall
This is why Texans MUST reject Ted Cruz next year!
Liar. Your donors are the only ones profiting.
This was the wrong thing to do. We’re watching & we vote.
Please explain how corporation are suddenly going to be benevolent and give wage increases because they get a huge tax cut! Please! Truth!!
#GreedOverPeople #Koch #Mercer #RICO
@JohnCornyn voting record for all trump surrogates were terrible! #johncornynout! #tedcruzout!
You can take another step by unblocking Russ Vought deputy dir OMB. Can’t have tax relief without a good budget. #confirm Russ
You can take another step by unblocking Russ Vought deputy dir OMB. Can’t have tax relief without a good budget. #confirmRuss

#confirmRuss
We don't need another theocratic bigot in any office of government. We already have an idiot"Corinthians two",in chief.
@marklevinshow criticizing you?  Where are country western artists, re: helping floodi victims in Texas? Work WITH @realDonaldTrump

You can take another step by unblocking the nomination of Russ Vought deputy dir OMB. Can’t have tax relief without a good budget.
Yep @marklevinshow spoke about what @JohnCornyn is doing in holding up Russ Vought's monination today on his radio show. Shame on you!
"middle class tax relief"??? WE DON'T BELIEVE YOU
Liar
Link to details please?
Not buying your lies. $1000 cut for me but $1M cut for you? Nope. Try again.
It would be great if you’d have a town hall & explain to us middle-class folks how we benefit compared to top 1%.

Now, here we are, and the GOP has passed a budget that explicitly allows them to add $1.5 trillion to the deficit. 10/
I'm so ashamed I worked for you at the NRSC. #liar
Did you George W Bush's speech?
Good. Now rid us of the Russian operative with the white supremacist agenda in the White House.
Are you horrible at math, or is this intentional?
This has very little to do with helping middle class & mostly enriches the very wealthy at the expense of Medicare & Medicaid.
If you want to help middle class cut payroll taxes and the   not estate tax.
Profoundly sad that u think so little of ur constituents that u would cut healthcare 2 give tax cuts 2 the wealthy. It's a sinful disgrace.
Liar.  It benefits no one but the 1%.. You know the truth. But you lie to your constituents
Middle class my ass. It's a tax cut for the rich.

Seriously?! For shitssakes.
An estimated 80% will go to Romney 1%. Only 5400 families will benefit from estate tax repeal. Trump will get $23 million. No more lies.
I’d laugh if I wasn’t already crying.
BS, Senator. Tell me your definition of "middle class" in annual earnings so that I can monitor this.
Getting so excited about my additional $10 per wk. Can't decide where I'll spend it. Please keep my middle class tax relief & fund CHIP &ACA
Right.
Stop acting like you want to get anything done
You sir are a CROOK.

This statement seems...inaccurate.
Also gave greater tax relief to the wealthy.
What about the millions of middle class citizens who will see their income tax increase due to the elimination of deductions of state and local taxes?
You hold stocks, right? I await your shareholder letters expressing your approval of  pre-tax profit % ( wages) in light of  tax %
That is such a lie, are you becoming another Trump!?? Just Because you say so doesn’t make it so! We’re not all idiots out here!!
You don’t believe this is a “middle class tax relief” budget. You’re just trolling us to make the veins on our temples throb.
US Senate needs to focus on real Russia Collusion between Clinton’s, the criminals of the Obama Administration.
How about SR250 to save #Rohingya ?
Middle class 
"Middle Class"???
So when we lose more of our paycheck because of you, are you going to be willing to pay the difference?
Ya know John, by enabling the treasonous president crazy pants regime for 10 months now, you have lost all credibility. You lie.
u can't call it a middle class tax relief and then turn around to hike inflation+raise property taxes sky high. deception in marketing.
$1.5 trillion more debt. Thought you were a deficit hawk. Borrowing money from our children to pay your mega-rich donors. Shame on you!
You know damn well it's a tax cut for the wealthy. Always is, no matter the party.
You forgot to mention the big tax cuts for the rich who don't need them.  This is a piece of garbage that will be stopped.
Ladies and Gentlemen, if you are in the poor/middle class, you have now been fucked. Congrats.
Did I like it?
I can't speak for you, but I sure didn't.
GOP isn't being truthful about how little this helps midclass, hurts poor & helps donors & big corps. I hope people remember & vote blue.
Um, not buying it.
I fail to see how ANY of that lines up with what you're claiming.

Got any independent experts to back you up?
Ha...  Bush redux..
This is the only reason for tax cuts.....disgusting!
Pres. Trump dropped 92 spots on Forbes' annual list of the 400 wealthiest people in America. http://abcn.ws/2ijHlCf  
How about that reciprocity that's long overdue ?

Coming up today: Senate test votes on middle-class tax hikes, SALT, mortgage interest, and raising the deficit. https://bloom.bg/2gnAbc0 
Bullshit.

#GOPBudget includes a poison pill to hand over the wildest place left in America to #BigOil. It's fossil fuel folly. http://bit.ly/2xSCOh3 
Lol. Quit sucking Koch.

Senate votes 51-47 to reject a Democratic amendment to prevent tax legislation from raising the deficit.

Senate votes 51-47 to reject Heidi Heitkamp's amendment aimed at preventing tax hikes for anyone who makes less than $250,000 per year.
Nothing about the Prez you support accusing the FBI of cooperating with Russia? How do you still support this guy????
Not impressed.
God Damn Cornyn...WTF!!
Looking forward to that day!
So you stole money we paid out of our checks for medicare to give to the Koch brothers and The Mercers and your proud of it
I don't trust a single word that leaves your mouth. #cornynhastogo
This tax plan hasn’t worked in the past?
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 cut corporate rate from 46% to 34% and wages fell. 
Thank you Senator Cornyn. Keep up the good work. #MAGA
Don’t believe your spin
Why does the tax plan cut healthcare??
The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
Liars.
I am ready for the final step.
BS no welfare for the rich
Damn politicians are so vague. Long on generalization & short on specifics.
US Senate took first step toward massive tax break for top 1%,  financed by plundering Social Security, Medicare, and health care programs.
That extra $5 a month will really help pay for the massive cost of insulin. #gop
Blow up the deficit like you always do. How’d your party get rep for fiscal responsibility?
Are middle class and poor supposed to get relief cause you are giving 80+% of tax breaks to the 1%. Be like @SenTedCruz he is not denying it
And healthcare? What about Medicaid and those in poverty? What about Tax cuts for the rich top 1% and Corporate taxes?
Good job, Congress!  Keep up momentum!!!
Are you wealthy? Otherwise, this tax plan won't help you.
And are you proud Cornyn? Are you, in your heart if you have one, proud of this resolution?
Why are you holding up Russ Vought's confirmation for deputy director of OMB?
Stop holding up the confirmation of Russ Vought!
Lies. Lies.
Follow the money. It doesn't benefit the middle class at all.
John, don't listen to these ignorant leftist they never have and  never will vote for you if Texans.
Well, it's good.  But it doesn't address our budget shortfalls.  Or the fact that China holds over a Trillion $ of our debt.
Liars.
You're lying to us. It's a 1% tax cut! What happened to deficit reduction? You republicans are so corrupt #selfdealing
Tax relief for whom? #kochwhore
Bull.
