REPLACE WITH WHAT, FOR THE LOVE OF GOD?!!!
you are despicable to put peoples lives at risk without coming forward with a replacement.
With what plan? Be transparent and talk to us. Just fix what's broken.
revenge is sweet isn't it. We all await your vague replacement.  Many are scared to death, but what do you care?
I sent you some thoughts on replacement look for badwhisky in you email sir.
Medicaid is only broken because Republicans continually cut funding, privatize and then BITCH about it.
Please include mental health parity in your Replace plan, if you have one.
please help chronic pain patients that are being forced out of the pain medications that are our only relief.
if you work on replacement in earnest you won't need to justify repeal, otherwise you're being disingenuous
waiting for the replace piece. What's the big secret?
Do the poor even exist on your radar?  Your ignorance is astounding.
You've got no plan and you two are sowing choas with indifference, weak leadership, and indifference to the ppl of TX
Not all of us can sue for millions when becoming disabled.#ChronicDisease #invisibleDisability
what is the replacement?  We want to see it.  Preexisting conditions?  Lifetime limits?
Please share your replacement plan with your constituents. I'm getting tired of hearing Repeal w/o knowing details
stripping the protections afforded by the ACA spells financial ruin and certain death for my family
hold on to you #butt John it's a new day.
If you have a replacement why haven't we heard it?
.@JohnCornyn @GovAbbott Please share publicly your replacement plan so all can review. Thank you! you do have one right?
Replace it with what?
Did y'all talk abt maternal mortality rates; how TX has the most uninsured ppl, including children? What's the plan?!
You DO realize that you now own Obamacare ?
so the man that has a pre-existing condition like him can no longer get health care under GOP
Thank you!
awesome. Just make sure we have something to replace it with that doesn't hurt public.
God Save Texas from such as these.
Party line politics are not serving your constituents. Get a spine and listen to ALL Texans.
I would love to hear the replacement plan. Please present this prior to repealing ACA or just fix ACA!
@TedCruz Where are you to denounce the #MuslimBan? #DFWAirport #IAHAirport I'm watching and I vote!
Ask Abbott about Texas maternal mortality rate in Texas!
What is your replacement plan? People will die because of your failure to repeal and replace at the same time
Do not throw disabled children and those in Special Ed under the bus, also remember Seniors vote also
A single payer system would be nice, so maybe lots of people won't die.
so what exactly is the replacement?
This is not what majority TXn's want. We will attach ur names to every single Texan who suffers/dies from lack of HC
What's the plan?  You know when people die as a result of this, that won't look good on you.
Replace with what? You don’t have a plan.
are you actually going replace it?  You do realize that "nothin" isn't a valid replacement, right?
thanks for the no answer. Pretty much what every citizen expects at this point: no accountability to the constituents
Thanks. Let's see replacement before repeal.
Why do you want to kill so many people? Do you have a conscience at all? Is money more important than lives?
WOW. You all should be ASHAMED. You use and lie to Texans who TRUST YOU.
NOTE: Democratic governors were locked out of this secret meeting behind closed doors. https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/822163701373501442 …
.@JohnCornyn @GovAbbott Y'all were so eager to call the ACA  'Obamacare'. Does the replacement plan at least have a nickname yet?
The people don't want this, as you are aware. Where is your replacement plan?
We'd rather repeal and replace @JohnCornyn  and @GregAbbott_TX . #SaveACA
That must be exciting! Can't wait to hear about the REPLACE part!
Phase 1: Repeal...
Phase 2: ?
Phase 3: Profit
My health & life would be so much better if your Republican bullshit wouldn't deny me a doctor visit for needed care
Pls stop. It's bad enough that thanks to Perry's spite I can't afford health insurance and don't qualify for Medicaid
.@JohnCornyn You have no 'replace' and your 'plan' seems to leave the most in need out to dry..or should I say, die. #ivoteinTX
what replace?
Mark my words - this will be the nail in your political coffin.
Texas voters will join together to VOTE you OUT! Not insured through ACA but will fight for those who are.
Democrat governors were locked out. 

I am tired of watching a one-sided government threaten our healthcare
Not for this silliness. Only 19 percent want full repeal.
I'd love to hear more about your plans for replacement. Texans are very concerned.
Why not just say you're revamping and tweaking the concept making it available to all Americans?  Geeeze!
Based upon the track record of TX doubling the rate of pregnancy-related deaths 2011-2012 this must be your plan.
What's the replacement?
You meant to say "as we repeal the ACA with no replacement".
how will you keep your constituents from dying without coverage? What is the plan? Citizens first, please.
Neither of you are replacing. Please stop lying. Lives are in danger.
They literally don't care if ppl die. Watch how @ConawayTX11 treats a sick constituent's concerns.
Background: Woman speaking has adrenal cancer. If lifetime limits put back she will...
be forced to choose btwn dying and impoverishing her family.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves. How about you propose a suitable alternative first? Kthanks! Oh & I'm a #TexasVoter
Just repeal it! Get the government OUT of our healthcare!!!
What are you replacing it with? Will it be better? How? And ... why??
@PatrickSvitek @GovAbbott Replace with what? Still waiting on your great GOP plan.
junk insurance is the plan?
Why are you ignoring us? We the people DO NOT WANT THIS.
This is so deeply irresponsible. Please be careful with the health and finances of Texans, Americans.
We kinda worry that they aren't name dropping the replacement too. Or sharing any written legislation. 
Yes - as President Obama said, I'm happy to support a replacement plan if it is truly better.
@PatrickSvitek @GovAbbott So where is the "replace" part? We'd love to review your plan. Or did you mean repeal & erase?
please, don't repeal, and work to make it better instead.
We'd love to know what the replacement is before you strip away the many, many benefits we have under ACA. Please.
We will pass if before we can tell you what's in it.
*it
with what?  your constituents all want to know.
@PatrickSvitek @GovAbbott Republicans will kill employer-based health Insurance next.
Important story by @Tierney_Megan on GOP’s dream of changing employer-based health coverage (i.e. most people): http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/tom-price-employer-heath-plans …
My wife and I had a 40% surcharge added to our 2017 Medicare premium due to our 2015 income.  We pay for someone else
Shameful ! All of you should be ashamed !
So by discussing replace it means you have a plan to discuss.  Can you share the plan with us?
Please don’t
