Try using the Massachusetts model Senator. It works and every year it is updated to cover the changes. Bonus: we don't shortchange anyone
cancelled, were you?
Not to mention they didn't post the bill 72 hours in advance like the GOP sponsored house rule states
Get fake president out of office. He's mentally ill and is a threat to the nation. Republicans must stop fleecing the people of this country
Maybe if you held a town hall you'd know your constituents weren't in favor of this evil, heartless "plan"
Nothing like slashing health care access to the poor so your donors have a few more millions in their pockets
But it's all okay because....tax cut for the wealthy!!!!!
And even annual caps for people with employee sponsored plans? (91MM Americans)
Oh and what was the CBO score for the house plan? Oh right, no one knows because they slammed it through so fast
AAF? What source is this? Albanian Air Force? Animals Asia Foundation? Amateur Athletic Foundation?
I think it's As America Falls.
or Americans Fall. I get it confused, do we all die first, or does our country? The president Plumpy era is no fun. 
The AHCA is NObodyCare. Choice? Between expensive and Uber sell your house it won't cover basic health needs of most Americans. Sit down
BS
And your solution is to throw 24M people to the curb
the opposition to the #ACA is fueled by the super-rich who stand to become even richer if the bill is repealed. People > Money.
You sir, are a complete buffoon. "Waaa. ACA was Dems thing. We as Rep. must destroy it" you are transparent, you will lose reelection.
No health care plan that leaves poor and middle class without insurance, and tax breaks for the rich is viable. Stand for #healthcareforall.
viable and growing for insurance companies you mean? cause the people will get no care and higher premiums.
Are you seriously pretending ACHA is better? As a constituent pf yours who called & left a message w you about your ACHA vote, I'm appalled.
You are denying the autonomy of #women, of #POC, of #queerpeople.We will not forget, and #wearethemajority.
Your constituents are imploring you to stop this impending disaster. Please don't be #rubberstampjohn. 2020's coming. #hearoutvoice
You've lost all credit ability with your constituents #rubberstampjohn. What a lapdog to the worst potus ever. 2020's coming. Can't wait.
But that's okay, the bill was cruel enough for the house freedom caucus so it must be okay
And lifetime limits for those with cancer?
Yes and pre-existing conditions should include pregnancy and sexual assault?
The only viable alternative is single payer Medicare for All. Show the Dems up by doing what they couldn't! Merge Medicare & Medicaid! Save!
Thanks for that update...What about the collusion with Russia by Trump and his campaign?????
That's getting old. Only crazies like Maxine Waters keep harping on that.
And the FBI...
What about #singlepayer? Then no one is uninsured & costs go down. No more exorbiant fees for out of network, there will be only one network
And no doctors to take care of you for pennies. That's how the rich will survive because they can afford it.
And everybody knows how liberals hate the rich...except their own millionaire congressional delegates.
Actually progressives are fighting to get money out of politics. And how does single payer hurt the rich again? They get care either way
Healthcare is a human right and corps shouldnt profit off our illness. No one is saying drs wont be paid. Ins comps are unecessary middlemen
Healthcare is a human's own responsibility, and if ins corps don't make money they don't insure anyone. Why not demand GM give you a car
If we had single payer we wouldnt need ins corps anymore, thats the point. Wed all pay into the system and wed all be covered.

Cornyn do not EVEN think for a moment we would accept you as head of FBI, if u want to waste more time then do it. Better to just move along
You've created a crisis to give to upper percent. Traitor to THE PEOPLE , John Cornyn :
We need and demand an independent investigation of #Trumprussia
And my son's medic bills straight to your office
I'll also forward my daughter's bills for her healthcare
You no absolutely nothing. Fix the ACA. If you kill my insurance I'll forward all my medical bills to your office
You have done everything you can to destroy O Care but you have refused to take the steps necessary to make it work. #MedicareForAll
Loyalty promise will be expected of you tomorrow when you are interviewed for the FBI job.  Will you promise Loyalty???????!!
It's yours to fix now. Get with it.
It's viable if u aren't poor, have a preexisting condition or ever reach your lifetime max. You are a liar and a traitor. #countryoverparty
ACA can be fixed. The people want @gop to fix it, not destroy it. But you refuse to listen because ..... Obama #GOPHatesAmerica
You could care less because you got the FBI job and Sessions and You will be a nightmare
Fix it.
Obamacare is leagues away from anything the GOP has thrown together.
Not devastating in the least. Quit this false narrative. It has been great 4 a lot of people & has been bad 4 some us that have the penalty
Until you and your colleagues do the right thing about Trump and Russiagate, we are not interested in anything you have to say. #doyourjob
your betrayal of Texans and treason due to obstruction, alternate facts and refusal to face the people who pay you makes you suspect
You lie!
This bill hurts your 4 year old constituent with a preexisting condition. Have a soul. #Trumpcare #voteNO
#GOP practiced early term abortions on #ACA at state level. Go to mirror, point finger, accept blame. #Cornynhole #Traitor #ImpeachTrump
When did you get so visible John? Independent investigation for trump now!
If you just cut out the profit motive and go with #MedicareForAll then everyone would be covered, but your big donors hold your leash John
Please name a healthcare organization that thinks this is a good plan senator?
We need equal #healthcare in Tx and the USA. You were elected to represent us all. Do not let us down by passing this horrible bill!
Here's a thought, pass Trumpcare, leave Obama care. Let people pick. Then you'd see the better one
Then bring us a suitable replacement not this AHCA crap
Done. It's now #GOPcare - everything that happens now is on you. Have fun!
You are sooo FOS!!! for your move to FBI so we can get you and Cruz out of office!  #brandnewTexas 
U R devastatingly stupid if you think this propaganda is working. Impeach Trump, TWEAK ACA, and listen to your constituents!
This TX constituent chooses to fix the ACA and vote against any of my representatives that does anything to gut pre-existing conditions
lying liar in the name of a trillion dollar revenue transfer from poor to rich.
Ur tweets are insults to our intelligence. Fix ACA (single payer), appoint independent investigators/special prosecutor. DO YOUR JOB!
More lies from John.
Why are you so oblivious??
Worst senator in America. And it's not even close. Divisive, childish and apparently ignorant.
2607 days @GOP has spent on this and still can't even defend it accurately
You lie!
Do you believe the president is sane?  Just wondering.
Every major health care organization, including the AMA, insurers, and even the AARP, is against the disaster of the AHCA, and you know it!
What the heck alternative is this that you refer to? And how is it growing?
No idea about your source AAF, but the choice of the word "devastation" is a huge tipoff it's not bipartisan.
Or working (bipartisan) to improve Obamacare which has been a success in insuring millions.
GOP like u didn't expand Medicaid. U put party over AMERICANS.  Only single payor will help Americans
Logical fallacy called false dilemma.
We want an independent investigation into Trump/Russia.  Put country before party for once in your career
When is it going to stop?  Trump now threatening people on Twitter.  Are you guys really so far gone?
#Trumpcare sure is not a viable alternative! Fix the issues with the ACA instead of starting over. Oh wait, then @POTUS44 would get credit.
More lies being told so you can dupe your supporters and steal from the poor and sick and give  tax cuts to your rich cronies.
Breaking: Texas Southern U confirms it has cancelled its commencement speech by Sen @JohnCornyn . There had been calls to protest @ the HBCU
What is a shocking is that you want to defend a trader like Trump, you an accessory to Trump, I am disappointed and ashamed call you senator
Obamacare is viable, stable & growing. Problem solved!
Doctors and your constituents do not support AHCA. It doesn't matter how many snarky tone deaf tweets you put out. #2020iscoming
So single payer? More importantly, how about we talk about your principles & patriotism?   Which side of history will you be on re:Comey?
will never get on board with #SinglePayer while David Koch has his bony arm up the Senator's butt, through neck, mouth
#WealthCare is 'viable and stable'. Really?
A laughably ignorant statement, or a self-interested lie. Take your pick.
it's a crap choice. You had time to do something better. But party BS and $ made you choose this crap. We noticed.
Ignoring the obvious threats that 45 is making to Comey? Going to try to distract when there is a connection between 45 and Russia?
AHCA fixes nothing! High risk pools don't work unless properly funded. Medicaid cuts till take health care from millions. People will die!
Order more body bags.
I'm a bit worried about the president threatening to no longer have press briefings because his people can't tell the truth (WaPo),
We all know the GOP sabotaged Obamacare at every turn and never attempted to solve its issues. Years to work on a solution. Nothing planned.
people dropping dead is a better choice for you. We heard u the first time.
AHCA is nothing more than a tax cut for the rich. Stop lying. Your boss does that enough. #NoAHCA
Your constituents keep telling you what we want. You keep saying we're wrong. You'd do well to listen, sir, because we vote.
No, it's a choice between making the ACA better or stripping protections from millions of Americans in exchange for a tax cut for fat cats.
Obamacare only works if you don't. Anyone with a job has to pay more for insurance we can't use. Full repeal, please!
Wake up! No one gives an F Right now about obama care. We're worried our President has gone off the rails. DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT PLEASE!!!
Remember Aetna who just pulled out of ACA much to your delight?Might meet with CEO.He says he's ready to talk abt single payer.
And the President has told 3 completely different stories about why he fired Comey. Time for an independent, non-partisan investigation.
U r completely out touch w/ constituents. We want ACA so preexisting conditions don't impact premiums & special prosecutor NOW!! #wevote
It's weird that you pretend our President isn't melting down. Oh, and everyone hates TrumpCare. Have a nice morning.
You forgot third option, fixing ACA's problems so that it works well.
I feel like you're tone deaf for what's going on right now. Threatening Comey. Trump Russia. Too many lies. Take a stand, please.
Stop being divisive - if Americans are suffering- help them. Stop making human care a political issue. Stop playing games
You keep tweeting this stuff. Do you really think Texans are buying what you're selling? Try again, sir.
Or then again, you could just improve the ACA and make 83% of Americans happy since the approval rating of Trumpcare was 17%. Be smart!
THE FUCKING PRESIDENT THREATENED A MAN HE FIRED ILLEGALLY ON TWITTER. DO YOUR GODDAMN JOB AND REQUEST A SEPCIAL PROSECUTOR
ONE OF THE MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE SENATE IS OVERSIGHT OF THE POTUS AND YOU ARE FAILING
A viable alternative: single-payer.  No one else goes bankrupt or dies because it's too expensive.  I'm fine if my taxes go up to pay for it
You mean single payer? 
Obamacare: Over 20 million gained insurance, patients with pre-existing conditions insured,limits on elderly premiums...
Repeal Obamacare. No worse than Obamacare startup.
Every major health care organization, including the AMA, insurers, and even the AARP, is against the disaster of the AHCA, and you know it!
What do Russia's healthcare plans look like?
Renounce your US citizenship and go live there. If they'll let you in. Russia doesn't cater to whiners and criers.
Out of control inflation, greed and sleazy insurance CEOs are creating the devastation. Lawmakers in their pockets feeds it. We all lose.
lets work on getting the damn Russian spies out of our White House FIRST and FOREMOST.  History will not be kind to those on the wrong side
John, take a few minutes and review the individual market BEFORE ACA. Lay out how AHCA is different/better than that. Do that, or be quiet.
How is it possible for you to be so tone deaf?
That's the space he lives in. Clueless, heartless, marching in lockstep with his Orange Fuhrer. Let's kick this buffoon to the curb.
Not accurate in any sense. I had no idea every comment Rs make in this admin had to be a lie. Should have known I guess.
If you fix the risk corridors that Republican Marco Rubio removed from Obamacare that would improve it
The risk corridors was a reimbursement to the health insurances for taking in the most sick in our country avoided taking losses for insur.
You are wrong about health care. Please say something about the President of the United States this morning!
Senator please explain why no healthcare experts are involved in this closed door session?
They even have a Republican Senator who's a Dr and he's not on the panel. Crazy. No hearings, experts, Dr's or women. 
hi, John. Trump woke up this morning and threatened James Comey via Twitter. 

Talk about that.
He finally woke up to the fact that Comey is a fake FBI Director.
Yeah yeah.  Sure. And when are you going to do something about our deranged president?  Country over party. #TrumpRussia #NoTrumpcare
No Trump-Russia. Stop falling for fake news.
I guess we should stop falling for fake federal investigations too.
Have you heard of any one of significance that has ended in a criminal charge and gone to trial?
It ain't over yet, hon.
Does this mean you're just as tone deaf on heath care as you are on #TrumpRussia John?
We have zero text or info on the Senate bill. House version creates more devastation. When does the updated CBO score come out?
May 22nd I think.
Just keep telling urself that fool if it helps u sleep at night.....
But you are turning your backs on millions of people with that ridiculous list of pre existing conditions.
because ObamaCare is the hot topic right now. Look at the President's twitter right now. You done yet? Turncoat!
What will be devastating is if you & the GOP kick millions off their healthcare. Not to mention those kickbacks for the 1%
#TurnTXBlue
Your choice to continue pursuing detrimental private insurance market is going to lose your Senate seat in '20. Get on board w #SinglePayer
Single payer is Medicare & Medicaid for all people. You obviously aren't on either one.
The alternative will cause millions to lose their health insurance, and to think k you would support that is disappoting.
But sadly, not surprising
