Sad to see my Sen @JohnCornyn wasting "the only reform opening" by supporting a bill that does not repeal ACA and makes it worse instead.
oh FFS, save us from years of misery and resign already!  You, sir, are a disaster of a representative for the people of Texas!
Your "not perfect" is worse than the previous "not perfect". F on this assignment senator. Revise and resubmit.
So it doesn't matter if it's good/better; it only matters if it's GOP?! Party above People as usual.
That's how the ACA got passed too→ "It's not perfect but it's a start..." aka half-baked & no accountability @WSJopinion
John... do you even listen to yourself?
why dont you improve on the existing plan?
This bill is shameful.  I guess you are no better than "let the old ones die" Ryan. #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS 75831
, @WSJ , maybe GOP should have WORKED on a viable alternative that doesn't deprive poor people of healthcare 4 the last 7 years.
You campaigned on REPEAL!!  This isn't repeal. This is Obamacare Lite. I'm not surprised you support this tripe
that does not make it the right thing to do, sir.
this ACA reform is pitiful. The writing is on the wall, you don't care about working Texas families or elderly. Do your job!
Maybe you take longer than an hour to write a Health Care Bill. Thanks for the tax breaks to Millionaires CEO who are struggling
So you use your one opening to reinforce private #healrhcare for a few, instead of healthcare reform for all?
this mentions the most vulnerable only in passing. Their losses will be on the republicans hands.
you still have the option to improve ACA with obamacare 1.5 rather than the republican's obamacare 2.0. Just make improvements
You guys are in a tough spot. Three choices: repeal and leave Americans without health care, replace with this which leaves
Americans worse off than they are now, or admit you just don't like ACA cause it happened under Obama. #DoTheRightThing
Would have been better if you guys had spent some time over the last 7 years coming up with a better plan.
Neither is the ACA. All you had to do was reform it not repeal and replace.  But you couldn't stand it was approved under Obama
@WSJopi
nion @WSJ it the worst then Obamacare republican had 8 years to come up with a better plan and they failed
- after obstructing for 7 years, you and @GOP serve us a big stink pie and say it's the only chance?  Pathetic governance!
so make it perfect. Doing otherwise is partisan garbage.
Why pass bill, just to pass a bill.   These are people's lives you are playing with.  Spend time,  get it rt!
A miserable showing by GOP. After 7 years of complaints, this is the best they can do?
Not a good sign when the headline is blatantly false.
why?  Why can't you just make ACA better?  Perfect not repeal!  I vote in TX
I vote in TX too.  For once forget politics and consider the people. You can do better. Try.
he doesn't represent his state. He's Mitc McConnels lap dog.
royalties on oil/gas production on Fed land to fund health care.  Natural resource owned by the people.  Use it
@realDonaldTrump FULLYRepealObamacare-WontSettle4LITE-SenRandPaul-CongressHERO-SupportTRUMP!QuitSelling-USPPL2CrackheadNWOLosers
As long as the big buck donors are happy and big business that is all the matters
CLEAN complete repeal which was promised. NOT this crap sandwich. Stop making excuses & do job we sent U there 2 do.
even when y'all control the house, Senate, and executive branch, it's STILL someone else's fault, right? Give me a break.
why are you pushing this so fast....or as ya'll say cramming down your fellow conservatives throats?
Trump met w/Kislyak. Prob engaged in criminal activity & legitimately subject of a Title III Fisa wiretap. Still cover for him?
