Yeah, they sure love grabbing that credit, don't they?
You can tell by the ruined landscape in West Texas.
You know good and well what "ruined" the West Texas landscape: the millions of abandoned drilling pads. Thats what those white squares are.
You can't see drilling pads from miles away.
Ever been in an airplane, Jake?
Your point is? You don't see them from the ground. From down there they just look like money!
Hint: topic was "ruined landscape".
We want coal!!
I thought we were all about coal?
Why can't we be all about all forms of energy?
It would be great if our leaders didn't pander to 1 industry and selectively denigrate others. Open dialogue needed..it's not happening now.
Obama constantly denigrated fossil fuels. Is thst what you're referring to? Trump thinks we can do all of it.
But I would say that leaders who REFUSE to acknowledge any impact of our energy consumption on the environment despite evidence would fit.
Everything affects the environment.  Windmills kill birds. Solar elevates temperatures. Sorry, Global Warming is not man-made.
FEMA is denying and capping claims in Rkpt!  TWIA, same.  Loads of good people volunteering, but we need $, material, & equipment.  Pls rt!
I'd really like to know why you're touting this accomplishment when the current administration has no comprehensive energy policy....
I wondered about that & how hurricane  might affect but figured the wind farms would be farther inland. Hopefully other states develop more
Thanks Obama
It creates a very ugly landscape.  (l'm from the center of Texas.)
John, we can't tell if you think this is good or bad. Bragging or complaining? Something you will help or something you abhor?
And whoever produced you should be asking questions.
Wonderful..from the guy that defines both climate change denial *and* Trump bootlicking. Better pivot a lot harder.
I wonder who pays John. Oh, there's an app for that? Note that 3 of 5 top contributors are fossil fuel corps.
You can see these ugly damn windmills for miles in W. Texas in what would otherwise be mostly pristine wilderness.

#ImJustSayin
Because oil rigs are considered yard art amongst the MAGA-ites in W. Texas?
You drive I-10 from San Antonio to El Paso you might see fifty oil pumps but you will see hundred(s) of these windmills on the skyline.
The oil pumps aren't much over 10 feet high. Windmills are HUGE.
How much do the turbines add to the brown haze over cities?
I've never heard of a "turbine spill"in a river, stream or ocean.
If an oil rig kills a hawk or eagle they get fined. Wind mills in the US have killed MILLIONS of birds/endangered species. They get NO fines
No data support your 'millions' claim just Trump. Turbines kill birds, sure. Oil spills kills millions of fish and birds and wildlife.
Killing eagles and hawks daily. Have they solved this problem?
and pilots.  Crop sisters etc.
Crop dusters...bad auto correct or auto-corrupt, as l usually refer it as.
It's Also the Number One State of Kill Buyers and the Biggest Slaughter Pipeline that Send American Toxic Horses to Slaughter 4 Human Food
Imagine that and your in the pocket of the oil companies.
The endless power supply is our sun. This should be a global focus on energy. This Texan is proud for our many accomplishments.  Thank YOU.
Your boyfriend, @realdonaldtrump, hates wind turbines. Remember?!? View from golf courses, Sug! Texas won't help ya there, Mr. Sneaky.
And they said it was a waste
And Washington D.C. is the nation's #1 producer of methane, John. Secure the border. Stop the globalists. Make America great for Americans.
Then quit promoting coal fired plants
Sir, we are being forgotten in Rkpt.  FEMA not paying for damage that is real!  Adjusters from out of state are harsh.  Pls come down here!!
But you keep voting against alternative energy. Makes Texans wonder why.
More of this please!!! #ClimateChangeIsReal
That's awesome. So why are republicans so beholden to oil and coal?  In other words your donors.
Lots of wind coming out of the legislature and our codel, too.
That's great! Let's move forward with clean energy!
And of hot air.
and when you are in the area of any wind generator, the production doubles.  You are a wind bag Senator.
It's a start...
Texas is the number one state producer of dead women of childbearing age. Like that one, John?
Would those be Hispanic women?
Thats because Texas is mostly empty space
#irma what effing planet are you on ?????@txlege @houstonchron @dallasnews @txdemwomen
Because we have 2 senators full of hot are!
So why does Texas pass laws to make renewal energy more difficult.
Please view informative videos
And #1 polluter from coal burning
I went to a college which had a building ran off of solar and wind power. Came from a grant during a time with a good leader. 
This is my favourite tweet of yours! We do great and I know we can do much better. Thank you.
What a coincidence! You are one of the biggest producers of wind in the senate.
So. Many. Jokes.

But I'm feeling generous today.
Not that you had anything to do with it. If I am wrong please let me know how you have supported or promoted anything other than fossil fuel
No thanks to GOP.
That's something to be proud of.
We also are the state where both senators blow the most hot air.
Lol, dont think POTUS will like you pointing this out.
Please inform the President...
99% of Texas wind production comes from your face.
Are you man enough to thank progressivism for this transformation?  Already know the answer, underscore progressive ideas are superior.
Just drove through Hamilton, Tx. Saw a sign that said vote no for wind energy. Maybe you should tell your friends in Tx it's good for us!
That's great. Perhaps you can get our federal government to acknowledge and accept that the future is renewable and green energy.
I concur...THE absolute worst!
If John fell down, I wouldn't stop to help his racist ass up off the ground.
Lol, I'd find my pointiest boots and shove 'em where the sun don't shine.
how many of those wind turbines went up without a government subsidy of some form or fashion? give me a break.  more swamp.
How many more wind turbines can be funded with the $4 billion that oil & gas cos get from US taxpayers?
It's actually far greater. 5 trillion $ worldwide in fossil fuel subsidies...per year.
STOP the subsidies for this crap. It isn't viable.
Most of the hot air coming from you and Senator Cruz! You jackasses voted against hurricane Sandy aid. Fortunately, no one else that small.
That's great, and...? My scrying glass is broken.
Your president is against wind farms. Birds and all.
Mazel tov
Simply harnessing all the hot air you and Rafael blow would power most small towns for years.
Good thing you want slow it down for the benefit of pollutants.
With all the hot air coming out of you and Sen. Cruz it is no surprise
We need to improve on use of solar for home  and auto
Did someone hack your account?
@tedcruz 
And w/out townhall meetings with Texans in Texas cities & towns, you and Cruz are largest hot air folks in Texas. Abbott, too.
Yes - this is a good thing.
Politicans should be leaders - wind is a bigger, clean and more jobs kind of future. Let's share that across the states.
Duh 
Glad to see you supporting sustainable energy. :)
This is good for the climate!
I'm so glad you noticed; let's do so much more to support and sustain renewable energy.
Yes, but John is bought and paid for by big oil, so don't expect him to support sustainable energy.
It's called a period. It goes at the end of a sentence. You're the most 'chellenged' of all the U.S. Senators- and the most despised.
Yes, Texas is full of hot air.
Politicians, number one source of wind.
Could have stopped at , Texas is number one state
Well that's neato.
But the maga-ites believe in coal. What to do John, what to do?
Good! Let's work on becoming #1 in solar, as well.
John, the secret word for the day Solar...
Also holds the second largest # of DACA recipients behind CA. #DefendDACA #HereToStay
So instead of destroying our environment, why cant we make more use of renewable energy?Let me guess,too many of u fuckers have money in oil
Instead of pushing coal & subsidizing oil companies REPs should implement programs that promote solar energy http://austinenergy.com/wps/portal/ae/green-power/solar-solutions/for-your-home/solar-photovoltaic-rebates-incentives/!ut/p/a1/jZFPb4JAEMU_iweO6y5YWtIbolHwD4e2lHJpVjLAJrhLhgVjP32XajwYTd3DJJv3m5mXeTSjKc0k70XJtVCS18M_e_62l-6TPWV25L27NvODaDt3k0kUzpgBvgzAHM9ZBswJ43k8Y2ESJ368CtgimDzYf-f57L_-6IEFDm6CTUmzhuuKCFkomhYKyVF1SCq1B5q2quZImkpp1atac5EThB3X0Bo-B6lFD-0wype7iWdGIRSAgOMOzY0qrZtXi1mMd60WEiRgeRznam-xQ9NarFGoeW1ksFiJAJI06gBosdNaU7vh3APJUYtcGKNCluQk50pq5LlWaIC8QzR2ztLFG6mhh_qmw0q1mqbXzugnzf4ud0lu8eJ4zF8E05WbbG1_7lwDN6I9Afeza_Yf6c96Wffr4i0sR6Nf2tjCWg!!/dl5/d5/L2dBISEvZ0FBIS9nQSEh/ …
Austin's program did a great job promoting solar energy. THINK of the jobs this type of program would create for our FELLOW TEXANS
MORE IMPORTANT, foreign policy WUD NOT be influenced by OUR need 4 oil.  UNFORTUNATELY for US, Reps get big  from special interest groups
We also have the best Hookers!
Did you have an epiphany we don't know about? You're acting like you believe in alternative fuel sources.
Whatever it is I will take it.
And that doesn't even include the nonsense emanating from the gasbags of Texas congressional delegation.
One of the few times I have seen you tweet about something that represents our future not pst, we need more focus forward: leadership
You might inform Trump of this, but try using smaller words: Alternative Energy=Bigly Good, Coal=Bigly Bad.

Wow. RINO.
so true republicanism is defined entirely by dirty energy? don't be a bonehead, dude, wind is free!
Well we got plenty two weeks ago
I thought the GOP wanted fossil fuels / coal. Renewable energy is a liberal thing isn't it?
Yet this administration is unfriendly to wind energy as it props up coal.
Cite your source
Remind trump
Now that's a start! Please take further action on #climatechange to prevent disasters like #harvey and #irma in the future
#cleanenergyisourfuture
Solar energy would be good too. We get lots of sun in Texas. Cornyn, remember your roots! I voted for you! I'm not even republican.
Time to vote for someone else darling. These republicans dont give a shit about the ppl of Texas.  Only money.
Great! How many taxpayer dollars subsidize?
No where close to amounts of subsidies for the US BigOil cartel.
That's right. And we could do so many Ch more with solar, too. Why aren't you doing more to promote sustainable energy production?
*so much more 

When will @Twitter add an Edit option?
Yes and if we decided to accept the scientific consensus on climate change it's something we could build on as a matter of state policy.
Wikipedia says: The state generating the highest percentage of energy from wind power is Iowa. ND has the most per capita wind generation.
I believe he means total generation, there is significant investment across the plains and west.
Or is he just claiming "biggest", just like his boss?
#greenandblackgold
What?! You mean my state topped the Arbuckles with these windmills for nothing??
We all know you're full of hot air...come on that was too easy. #ImpeachTrump
