Deflect much?!
We need a #SpecialProsecutorNow!!! #Impeach45 #TheResistance
What do the early projections for CBO say for the latest Trumpcare say? How many Americans will lose their coverage?
Women need to be on the healthcare committee. Recuse yourself and put a woman in your place. You know nothing about periods.
What are you going to do about it?
Let's end the Russia scandal first!
Why don't you share your own thoughts and not something we can read ourselves?
Dear Sen, thanks for putting politics 1st & helping to create uncertainty that is driving up prices. Sincerely, your constituent.
Wow, healthcare cost go up again, who would have thunk it?   We still don't the AHCA.  Repeal the ACA yes, don't replace it!
Please do tell me what premiums would be if ACA had never passed.  (Hint: They would be even higher...)
Why don't you wait with your threats until the Budget Office comes out with FACTS!!?
“Early proposed” “hint”
#Traitor #CornynHole #impeachTrumpnow
Stop pandering to insurance lobbyists. If ACA is in trouble it's because YOU, #45 & GOP sabotaged it.
No kidding. Good rumor
Senator, any "replacement" for the ACA that removes protections and affordable access will cost lives. And it will cost you your job. 77077
The ACA has been a godsend to my family. Improve it, and leave protections intact. -Your Constituent 77077
My healthcare rates increased year over year for the last 20 years. Rate increases have nothing to do with the ACA. Stop the lies.
Still no faith that you will fix anything.
Constituents lined up outside ur office and your deputy listened to them, took notes to pass onto to you-all re HC, does that matter to you?
No surprise, since #GOP, Trump, & Rubio have done everything possible to sabotage it. Y'all now own healthcare; make good choices.
would the premiums be cheaper under the bill you voted for?
Possibly because insurance companies want to gouge and Rs have tied up any subsidies, etc?
Guess what - my company sponsored health insurance goes up every year also.
What does the CBO say?
Don't even try to blame it on ACA. Premiums are controlled by health insurance companies. #deflecting #DoYourJob #hypocrisy #resist
Nowhere near what AHCA is gonna cost and AHCA has much worse coverage! TrumpCare sucks!
Too bad we can't find out anything concrete regarding the AHCA. Except of course not covering preexisting conditions. Shameful.
#Obamacare is giving me a free IUD, will #Trumpcare do anything for women's health?
Because of the @GOP bs and inability to reign in insurance companies. How many are contributing to your campaign fund?
Every spare penny we have goes to healthcare premiums and co-payments, especially medical & dental. ~ The American Middle Class
Then fix it don't repeal it. #IHavePreExisting
One payer system!!
Then fix it. Stop playing politics and fix the #ACA, reform what we have, don't try to reinvent the wheel
Note the very next line under the headline? "officials worry about GOP health-care policies' impact". If it's breaking it's because of you!
@goldsteinamy NO. You can push your horrific plan but we know better. You are wasting your time with this propaganda.
Oh really Einstein, like premiums haven't risen every year since like forever.
Strange, the things that happen when you deliberately try to destabilize a market.
The man who you keep providing cover for is failing to faithfully execute the law of the land re ACA. Going to do something about it?
I no longer believe that you are truthful.
That's the problem with the for-profit healthcare system
INDEPENDENT SPECIAL PROSECUTOR
Two certainties in life, death and that one's health insurance premiums are going to rise. Some only rise more than others due to loss ratio
Medicare for all would reduce costs by about 20%.  Insurance company costs and profits are the problem, not healthcare costs.
So fix it. And while you're at it, #DoYourJob and investigate Trump/Russia!
And you think Congress can fix this? 
Spare us your feigned concern. #DoYourJob work with D's to fix #Obamacare
Seems like premiums were increasing long before ACA. Which means you are likely confusing correlation and causation.
Single payer now! #healthcareforall
Just put out propaganda as if its gospel, but fits right in with your now Russian stance, lie and deceive.
AARP IS AGAINST THE HOUSE BILL
Survival might require a 25 year phase out of Medicare and keep Medicaid and even that might not be enough to save us
I had insurance thru open market prior to ACA. Costs went up significantly evry yr w/o guarantees provided by ACA. ACA is not the problem.
Exactly - this is where America's lack of focus and memory can be very dangerous.
Your weakness is astounding
What's the CBO score for the AHCA that you voted for?
In fairness, Senate hasn't voted yet. But I also haven't heard Cornyn making a fuss about the lack of a CBO score.
Now is the time to show Texas and the people you represent that you have some guts. We are watching.
Ugh. Premiums are already too high. Hopefully the Senate can make some serious modifications to AHCA to bring it back down.
May be true but thats not a reason to scrap it and replace with something that MULTIPLIES the premiums!
John, give up this attempted diversion. You and your party ruined ACA and now you self crippled our government
Considering recent events, this is the height of either tone deafness or political cowardice. You have no honor, sir, and don't rep Texas.
Also, please load your fax with paper and clear out your voice mail--your constituents are trying to reach you.
If you're in Houston, join us at his offices every Tuesday from 11:30--1
Hmmm
You kneecapped O'care from the start. Now covering for Trump's treasonous regime. Tell Exxon/Rosneft you need to put country ahead of party.
Imagine the ads, senator: "what did Russia have on him?" "Changed his positions on presidential power--blackmailed or just a hypocrite?" Etc
And there are things that can be done to offset them like AK's reinsurance plan. But you all either want a 1% tax break or to hurt the ppl
Also, if you do anything other than demand a special investigation of Trump Russia (after the Comey firing) you're complicit at this point.
Many of ACA's problems stem from you guys not expanding Medicaid/Medicare coverage and creating uncertainty in the markets.
Scott did that in Florida, and the gap is literally killing people. For a man who made his millions bilking Medicare, he's fine with that.
Your entire party is a rogue organization that needs to be stomped. You ppl are traitors. We will crawl through broken glass to vote u out.
