there is a lot to curse about. A crooked party is destroying America, attacking democracy.
Since @POTUS cussed on the campaign trail, why should Dems cussing be such a big deal?
Yes, by all means, worry about cussing, Senator. Collusion with Russians is unimportant.
Heavens forbid Hillary is a known & proven crook & her husband a rapist...also proven...cursing should be the least of our worries!
Fuc*kYes!ItSaysInTheFirstParagraphOfThisArticleThatTheyAreEagerToAdoptTheLanguageOfAmerica'sPresident. #ReadMoreThanHeadlines #VoteUout2020
Are you afraid of words? After the pussy grabbing brag? Have you run out of things to complain about? #sticksandstones #hypocrisy #resist
Are your #DelicateSensibilities injured? We are #terriblysorry.  Hopefully the voters will #reaccommodate you soon. Have a nice day.
Hypocrite-this is your concern? What about electing and appointment creating a Kleptocracy. Not to mention SCOTUS plagiarist
they don't need to all they have to do is sit back and let you Do what U r doing to the country
I am a Texan and I vote and I may cuss but that isn't how we will get White House.  You not doing your oversight will pave the way for us...
Sexually harassing women  - ok. Cussing - not so much.
Bentley, does that ring a bell? actions speak louder than words.
#45 lied his way there
Do you damn job and hold a damn #TownHall
You support a guy who thinks it is ok to grab a woman by the pussy, yet Senator Gillibrand's choice of words is too much for you?
Whatever do we have to swear about?  Come to a town hall. You're not reading the mood of your constituents. #CantWaitFor2020
Why not? @realDonaldTrump cussed his con-man ass in there.
1. Did you read the article, Senator? Really? 2.  When you suck at your job, it appears you fall back on simplistic ad hominen attacks.
Can you focus and do your job as an elected official? Instead of tweet bashing, hold a town hall or do something productive. #focus
N.
Yup. Next question!?
Do not think that you exude moral superiority when you support treason in the White House.
JC engineered theft of a Scotus seat, claims racist AG as good friend, unabashedly support Trumps moral failings, then frets when Dems curse
What are you doing @JohnCornyn? I'm a Democrat and a TEXAN. You represent me too! Do your job!
#russia #potusvacations #Doyourjob #work4TEXAS #SAD
At least they are talking to their constituents and don't support a sex harasser. Congrats -your tweet moved you from coward to hypocrite.
Why not you all lied your way in
U R talking about cussing but you are fine with lying, treason, hypocrisy, & complicity? You are desperate. No reelection 4 U.
"I moved on her like a bitch." -@POTUS
hell fucking yes we can. Didn't @POTUS run on non political correctness???#townhallmuch?
R they grabbing female genetalia? 
Y wont trump release his taxes? Release Trumps taxs 2 an independent investigation of Russias influence
Do you have a moral compass at all? Let's talk about what GOP did to get there. Oh, that's right, too cowardly to meet with us.
I guess we're going to find the fuck out...
Funny. 

How goes the investigation into Trump collaborating with the Russians?

Putting any work into that?
this backfired on you immediately
Can you listen to constituents for a change? #IndependentInvestigation #truth #2020  #ivote 75189
LOL
YES they can. It wont take much to get back in after the last 100 days of disaster by Republicans. #youhadurchance
I still want to know if someone can point out one ethical, moral, God fearing, honest Democrat in power.
Well, cussing or not, at this point I just don't want you in the White House.  I would like to see you do anything besides whine
I don't belong to any party and I've voted for members of both. You are not a Republican that I have or will vote for, god damn it. #growup
It's possible, but to you Sir "I never expect to see a perfect work from an imperfect man." - Alexander Hamilton
Funny, it worked for @realDonaldTrump-who had a small inaugural crowd-
You are morally bankrupt.
FUCK yea!
They can if they gerrymandered the districts like republicans and passed unconstitutional voter ID laws like the one  in Texas.
Better question: Can Republicans start acknowledging their constituents? Can they actually win seats of districts are fairly drawn?
Dude get off your soap box your party's burnt it
As long as the majority of Americans are rational and decent, no. The dems appeal to our countries other residents.
I would rather have cussing democrats then frankly incompetant morons like the republicans.  Bombing without any real plan/congress approv?!
Don't you have something better to do with your time? If you need suggestions you could start with a #TownHall.
TWO FOUL MOUTH SCUZZYS   YER AVERAGE LOON!
Is cursing worse than gerrymandering, voter suppression, and constantly violating the constitution? That's how the GOP took over.
Give me a break.  You support the man who said he grabs women by the pussy.  Can Republicans sexual assault their way in to power?  Yes.
I hope so. Maybe then a few good ol' boys like you and Cruz might listen. Finally.
Fuck, yeah.
@JohnCornyn when will face your constituents? We have plenty to say. I can say it without cussing if that offends you and your righteous ear
John - so sick of this partisan nonsense. Stop making divisive posts. Learn how to govern.
Shocking how much of a hater you are Cornyn. You do know many of your constituents are democracts right?  Do you represent them?
While We're being fleeced w/Trump travel to Florida has cost over $21.6mil in the first 80 days of his presidency your concerned w/cussing?
It worked for @realDonaldTrump
By the way, your president defended a republican hero,  O'Reilly and I've heard his language and he's a sexual predator #PartyOfLiars
#hypocrite U and your party nominated and elected a man who uses language offensive to women and it didn't bother you one bit #PartyOfLiars
Cursing is actually a sign of intelligence.  The bigger question is do you actually have a voice? It seemed to work for the Tea Party
Can Republicans continue to stonewall on trump-russia and fail at passing any meaningful legislation as a means to retain control? No.
without doing so they have nothing to discuss. @DNC hears, but doesn't listen. They failed in every way and now resort to childish behavior!
Maybe they can Russia and pussy-grab their way back in…
Sadly, probably so.  It speaks more of the people who vote for them than @TheDemocrats in particular.  Shallow, very shallow.
really? This is what you spend taxpayer dollars posting?
I don't know.  Can you holocaust deny your way out of the White House?
I sure as hell hope so!
The @GOP governor of Alabama just resigned for professional and personal wrongdoing, and you're gonna bash Dems for cussing? Get a grip!
With you & Trump (leaders fixated on elections and campaigning) our country may not survive 4 yrs to get another real leader in office.
- with all the things you could be focusing on - like TREASON, healthcare, natl sec, this?
Probably. Insults and vulgarity worked for Trump. He came across as "blue collar."
at some point it's enough. Theehy may use words, but the inhumane brutality to fellow citizens that the GOP legalize is beyond reprehensible
why not, gop'rs screwed their way there
@realDonaldTrump 
Nah, with 45, Sessions, De Vos, et al, GOP making it easy for any candidate to thump GOP.  C how much $$ Cruz needs 2 run!
Fuck yeah.
The premise of this article is that the man you support is foul-mouthed, as are other members of your party.  Don't put this on Dems.
Johnny, locker room talk by men is ok for you, but by a woman is cause for alarm.  

Republicans War on Women rolls on.
If you change the Rules on Gorsuch we can change the decorm rules.
Some people care about what their reps do more than what they say.  Town hall?
They won't have to if the GOP stays it's current course. You might want to check in with your constituency to see how they feel...
I prefer a man who cusses while talking to me to an elitist who refuses to meet his constituents. #DoYourJob
Well, they are more honest than you guys. 

Don't think we've forgotten about those wars you sold us.
@JoeNBC @morningmika @SenateGOP @HouseGOP   Senator, Orange Boy got there by grabbing females by private parts,  Cussing could be step up.
No . GOP must act on promises made during Election. Repeal Replace.....etc etc
Why not? Republicans lied and sold us out to Russian to get back to the White House. I know I feel like swearing.
John you precious precious snowflake, grow a pair
Idk
The way the Leader of your Party is going, Democrats are going to be able to Pig Latin their way back to the White House.
Can the GOP talk to their constituents?  
#TownHall 
#LastTermCornyn 
#RESISTANCE
What a cluster cuss!
Hell no.......
Well,Republicans have cornered the market on bigotry,hypocrisy,treason,adultery,fraud,lying, sexual harassment,racism,etc.D's=Cussing it is!
I'm sensitive, okay?! Things like curse words and meeting with all my angry constituents are just too much for my delicate sensibilities.
There is something seriously wrong with you.  You are done......out with the trash (Cornyn, Cruz)
Your young Rep. have a lot to learn. Starting w history. Srsly disappointed w you and your lack of skill @democracy- you must be complicit 2
You mean like the republicans gerrymandered and used prejudiced voter ID laws to get in? Oh and dont forget pandering to white nationalist!
Do you study to make this stuff up or does it come natural?  Your living a paperdoll world.
When you're done with the pearl-clutching, would you like to come talk about actual issues at a town hall?
He won't have time for his Texas constituents until he wants our votes.  He won't answer phones or emails.  Too busy kissing up to a traitor
Republicans cheated their way back, so I hope so.
Fuckin' A they can
Senator McCain to Senator Cornyn in 2007 - "McCain shot back, 'F--- you! I know more about this than anyone else in the room.'"
...Adam Clymer. At a Labor Day 2000 rally in Naperville, Illinois, Bush called him a "major-league a--hole."
Then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush, running in the 2000 presidential race, was caught on a live microphone tearing into New York Times reporter
Who the fuck cares?
Trump -"They (OPEC) want to go in and raise the price of oil ... you're not going to raise that f------ price, you understand me?" he said.
Hell fucken yeah! Now that we have a pussy grabber in charge, I'm sure to lower my vocabulary to that level.
I might be a liberal elite, but I have a sailors mouth too. I'm multidimensional like that.
Cheney told Sen. Patrick Leahy on June 24, 2004, to "go f--- yourself" when the Vermont Democrat blasted Halliburton's role in Iraq.
If trump can brag about grabbing women by the pussy, I guess Democrats can cuss all they want. This inept admin gives plenty to cuss about.
Since when are you conservatives against people being politically incorrect? Did the Democrats trigger you, snowflake?
Start a war in Iraq. Strip health care/social security from millions. Conceal Russian interference in the election. But don't say "fuck".
Maybe if we grabbed them by the pussy they would learn better manners
I'd rather hear a cuss word, than see a woman sexually attacked/harassed #trump
I'd rather a cuss word than a nuclear war.
You really are hilariously dense.
Probably, we elected Trump, our standards are so low now anything is possiable.
“You can do anything.”
Whatever you want,” says another voice, apparently Bush’s.
start kissing them. It’s like a magnet. Just kiss. I don’t even wait.” 
“And when you’re a star they let you do it,” Trump says.
John & the GOP are just nervous y'all, so they're looking for any excuse to try to bring us all down. Hell no. #RememberIn20 #TurnTXBlue
As long as our prez can grab women by the p*ssy, I guess so.
“I’ve gotta use some tic tacs, just in case I start kissing her,” Trump says.“You know I’m automatically attracted to beautiful  I just....
If it will get your damn ass out of office, cuss away.
Yawn. Like the minority president is so pure.
A SEXIST posting from you.  Maybe we all just flood you with all the cussing, to even include all the vile comments, made by Republicans.
Seriously. Why do you let the Highland Park Young Republicans run your twitter account?
And I find it interesting that Republicans now want to police language after excusing & abiding the filth that has come from Trump.
Interesting is one word for it. Imbiciloc is another
Hypocritical is another....
Hypocritical is even better!
I sure as shit hope so.
And your posting this up makes me angry...COMMENT ON YOUR PRESIDENTS comments...must we all remind you of how he speaks of women???
Wowww! Two examples, maybe 3!
An admonition from @JohnCornyn whose head is up the rectum of a confessed assaulter of women. Pretty rich.
Do we all need to remind you of all the crap we've dealt with when it comes to Republicans? A sexist double standard? Look at your PRESIDENT
Seriously, policing cuss words? What about these - they're far more concerning: "I did try and fuck her... I moved on her like a bitch."
Grab 'em by the pussy!
So you're ... trying to take some kind of moral high ground ... when your party's being led by a serial sexual assaulter???? Come on now.
@lilsister7 @JohnCornyn he hasn't fancied morals for quite some time
You bet your ass we can....
grab 'em by the curse words
When y'all decided to support Trump, you rescinded any claim to the moral high ground on an elevated discourse. It's now the Wild West.
Isnt it great?   Illegals disappearing, jobs being created and things are looking up. Oh and the muslim is gone. Life is good eh mate?
Can you do your job? That's the question I want answered. When are you holding a #townhall? When will you stop ignoring us? #resist
Why the hell not?
watch me
It certainly can't hurt.
fuck yeah
