Disagree!
And this new bill was passed by @HouseGOP under false pretenses! Lord can Cornyn be any more of an imbecile?
Oh yeah. I'm sure ge can...
This guy is the Prince of False Pretenses
Actually you are wrong. Took them months, not days. And it wasn't written with a "murder" clause in it.
YOU n the GOP are WRONG.
End Congress' health benefits; they can get their health plans from the Great American Free Market like all the other US Citizens.
GOP and John Cornyn will be replaced, thanks for not making America great. Will vote for anything with a heartbeat instead of GOP. #impeach
Make sure our seniors are taken care of; low premiums ; preexisting conditions; open to buy across state lines
As is #AHCA. You won'tibe rewarded for lying to us about pre-existing conditions. There are too many of us. You will lose. #IHavePreExisting
You're darn tootin' it was marketed and sold on false pretences. We want total repeal and free market solutions. Stop the subsidies. @tcgop
Might order some stuff for our bonfires this summer...
Stop embarrassing Texas. Sit down, shut your mouth.
bullshitin liars
Um, shut up.
So were you senator. Paul ryan has nothing better. Neither do you.
Please give us Single Payer Healthcare, a National Health Service for ALL Americans.  You will be forever respected.
Just shut up you all worked on it too. Don't you think people remember that. You should be ashamed.  Not to mention not reelected
STOP PLAYING POLITICS WITH OUR HEALTHCARE !! My family and I would be DEAD without the ACA/Obamacare
Senator u are a disgrace to this great nation. U make it clear that your constituents don't matter to you. STOP playing politics w/our lives
I don't think it's an exaggeration to say that you don't care about your constituents, don't take away our healthcare!
"i don't think it's an exaggeration to say that @potus, Donald J. Trump, was sold to the populace at large under false pretenses." -  me.
That's a lot ad of Texas BS.  7yrs & GOP still didn't have a better plan.  You crushed the state exchanges to make it fail.
As opposed to SMUGGLING IN the AHCA without any chance to review it, or letting the budget impact be determined? THAT is false pretenses.
And the American people don't think it's an exaggeration that the Republican leadership in our country was sold under false pretenses.
SOLD? YOU MEAN THAN A YEAR OF TELEVISED HEARINGS? #ANTICHRIST
bombastic idiots in charge.
You mean like ability to cover those with pre-existing conditions? at least that promise wasn't deleted from GOP website after vote. Crook
Oh really?
John Cornyn only cares to help Trump get a win - not about getting the job done right for ALL Americans - won't DO HIS JOB!
I dont think its an exaggeration to say #GOP passed a bill no one read in its entirety 
#AHCA = healtcare = wealth +death_4_poor+ppl w p.e.c
since you guys want to regulate my body, thought you should learn something about it.
Not an exaggeration, just a complete lie.
As if you really care about Healthcare for us regular people when you and your family will be able to keep and afford your healthcare.
They should all take this insurance for their own families.
So was the AHCA in the house. Ryan followed same procedures he decried on ACA.  Hope Senate listens to constituents and experts.
Son with Autism has a good plan under BCBS. Don't screw it up. Risk pools were always out of reach in price here in Texas. Think twice.
Breaking : Politicians Lie! In other news, The ACA didn't meet all its goals, but the ACHA punishes most Americans.
No, @realDonaldTrump took office under false pretenses and now #Trumpcare is going to kill Americans. Shame on you.
Horrible accusation with no evidence or proof. Stick to verifiable facts, please.
The health care problem is through labor or jobs open to pay for employees ins.  How will citizens be healthy without a job?  Good day.
Like how the House just rushed through some half-cocked plan?
Who cares what you say. You made a mockery of the Russia investigation.
HA! Like healthcare would now be available to anyone in the US? Well, we know that isn't one of your pretenses.
It's hardly an exaggeration!  I could give you about 15 tweets worth of "false pretenses" under which ObamaCare was disingenuously marketed.
I'm never seen a group of old white men more out of touch with America than the GOP
It took a year for ACA to come to a vote. Everyone knew what was in it. AHCA was voted on before it was scored or read. You peddle bunk.
false pretenses: death panels, government takeover health insurance, job-killer,
You were sold under false pretenses!
I'll bet Cornyn needs some medical attention for that burn he got from Sally Yates yesterday.
& your replacement was sold without any of you even bothering to read it. Shame on the @GOP shame
I don't think it's an exaggeration to say that every attempt to obstruct, sabotage, and destroy the ACA was picking party over country.
You mean like gutting Medicaid $$ and saying that there will be no effect on people?
ACA saved my life when I had recent cardiac surgery due to hereditary cond. You want to do what to it?
You are wrong. It is a pompous exageration for you to say that.
Amazing that Cornyn is showing his face after he got destroyed by Yates yesterday
I think it's an exaggeration that any of you have brains!
I vote.
But most haven't even read the AHCA!
Just called Sen Cornyn's office and was hung up on by his staff. Highly inappropriate and unprofessional.
Senator, this does not reflect well on you. You should have a talk with your staff on how to properly handle constituent calls.
@JohnCornyn YOU & REPUBLICANS ARE DEFENDING THE INDEFENSIBLE, WILL KNOWINGLY MURDER MILLIONS TAKING AWAY OBAMACARE TO PLEASE A TRAITOR TRUMP
IF THE PEOPLE DEMAND TO KEEP OBAMACARE & IT SAVED LIVES AS PEOPLE SHOWN THEN THERES NO "FALSE PRETENSES" BUT EVIDENCE YOU & REPUBLICANS LIE!

Baloney. Republicans had plenty of vetting time and input. Guess you didn't read that bill either. Btw, voters are now on to you. #ACA
Wow, talk about pot calling kettle black!! GOP are the masters of false pretense for this tax break masquerading as a "health bill".
We don't think its an exaggeration to say, the #AHCA was sold under false pretenses? Band-aids for pre-existing conditions & #WomensHealth
I think it's fair to say the GOP put such limits on it, it was flawed, then would not fix it. Not all Americans buy into your schemes & lies
The 4 D's of mainstream Republican strategy:
Divert, Deflect, Deceive, Distract
#Russia #Collusion
You've lost all credibility JC. Simple self fulfilling prophecy. R's orchestrated the problems.
If it was, and I stress if...so is this.
You must not be seeking re-election.
Except that there are plenty of people who count on Obamacare under very real pretenses.
Cornyn, once again showed how partisan and party above country he can be when asking Yates questions. Both TX senators are an embarrassment.
Not so concerned with what YOU THINK since you condone treason!
Obama & Cong. believed insur co's, employers, providers & GOP would act in best interest of Americans- not harm our interests for pol gain
Healthcare shouldn't be a product. We can only see so far bc we stand on the shoulders of giants. #singlepayernow
Trump care will be killing people for they won't be able to afford it if they have preconditions &that means millions. Kindof like genocide
You are the most heartless man to serve congress.  You cont. 2 surprise just how much U serve your party over serving the ppl. Embarrassment
The GOP does not work for the American people..that was proven yesterday. Disgusting..worried about leak..not our national security!
Can not accept responsibility for sabotaging Obamacare that was set up to be universal healthcare. They caused the problem. just wont owe it
No one has taken care of the GREED of the insurance companies!!! Too much lobbying?  Fix the greed and fix the HC system! Trump said HC4all
#TeamTreason
@POTUS @CNNPolitics @KatyTurNBC @11thHour @ReutersPolitics @mitchellreports @DanaBashCNN @jaketapper @JoeNBC @charlierose @AP
#RussiaGOP 
@GOP @Cabinet @VP @POTUS @USAGSessions INVITED RUSSIAN SPIES N2 2016 ELECTION. PRE-MEDITATED TREASON. 
#trumprussia #trumpgang
GOP ignores Sessions lying under Oath, ignores Trump cover-ups and ethic violations, INGORES the voice of American People!!

How WH and @GOP leaders in Congress are promoting the health care "crisis" they say they urgently want to solve. https://www.vox.com/2017/5/8/15563448/trump-insurance-premiums-2018 …
and Trumpcare isn't being sold in the same fashion C'mon John @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc
Sally Yates was doing her job. Is about time for you too to start working. You TAKER!
You are such an embarrassment ... just as some of your peers in the house are ... @RepMcSally ...

"Products" = markets. Markets exist to make profits for businesses. Medical care for disabled & chronically ill folks won't make profit.
Liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar liar
Lmao
And "trumped-upcare" wasn't sold under false pretense? No CBO and most of you didn't read it before approving it 
This is not true
Liar
Did Obama hurt your feelings by giving healthcare to millions of Americans?
#treason in White House. Will U #BeAPatriotStandUp2theParty?  #IndependentInvestigation?  #SenateDithersWhileDemocracyBurns  #taxReturns
Boy, George Soros sure is trolling up your twitter with amazingly convincing paid bots. You have absolutely nothing to worry about in 2020.
Start looking for other employment.
I don't think it's an exaggeration to say you care more about your party than the American citizen.
Yes, exaggeration. ACA was designed to help citizens. Can't say that about AHCA. Fix ACA. That is the best way to gain ppls trust.
And please tell me the difference between Trumpcare? The ACH has its flaws, so fix what's wrong, keep what's right & help average Americans.
John Cornyn is an embarrassment to @GOP AND @TexasGOP shame John. #voteHimOut
After your performance yesterday, I'm not sure you could sell Balmain to Kim Kardashian.
Playing politics by denying care will come back to bite you
We know Obamacare is failing. We need you all to repeal and replace THIS YEAR!  Don't wait until 2018!  Your smart & capable!  Get it done!
And you had a chance to kill it and didn't.
Open markets If I can buy life or car insurance from a natl Co then so too Medical insurance. Competition always brings prices down
@tedcruz
I don't think it's an exaggeration to say that you all's unwillingness to help contributes to its shortcomings. #TheResistance in Austin.
No that's not an exaggeration - it's a flat out lie. It is a thoughtful piece of legislation that covered more ppl than ever before
Trouble is, many people want me to pay for their daily risk by not purchasing health insurance at all.
This statement does not exonerate our legislative branch when they voted to pass it before they read it...!!!
You and all your cronies are #disgusting and a #disgracetoamerica
Give America the best healthcare they deserve. Look around the world. Lots of good examples. Ask @POTUS. He likes Australia's plan. Try it!
- GOP had 7 yrs to come up w/ better plan. GOP miss bitching & being opp party. Governing = work! Put up or shut up
Soooo basically y'all are totally in the pocket of healthcare lobbyists. Got it!! #VoteThemOut #WeWillRemember
"I don't think it's an exaggeration to say John Cornyn isn't listening to his constituents." -Ann Brown
Yes, yes is IS an exaggeration to say that. OTOH, it isn't an exaggeration to say AHCA is being pitched with lies.
Good luck passing the house version of a bill that will screw millions out of affordable healthcare. U guys are such hypocrites.
It's no exaggeration to say you fear meeting with Texas constituents in a townhall series in Texas. Who knew meetings would b so feared?
It was an improvement from the past system and would have been better if the GOP worked with Dems to help the people Yates blew you away
With the pile of lies Ryan, Trump, et al have told about ACHA, you have the nerve to say this? ACA needed tweaks. GOP spitefully refused.
It's no exaggeration GOP obstructed for 8 years, & now finds governing difficult. At least name a Special Prosecutor now!
"And now I'd like to sell another healthcare bill under false pretenses"

"AARP is now letting its 38 million members know how their elected Representative voted on this health bill." 

AARP is steadfastly opposed to this deeply flawed health bill & will continue to fight it as it moves to the Senate. http://spr.ly/60138gGfb 

AMA: "The bill passed by the House today will result in millions of Americans losing access to quality, affordable health insurance." 
Is that your rationale for lying to us now?
False. However, I'm pretty sure everything @JohnCornyn says is under false pretenses.
Let's focus on the current situation. Be better than you are accusing your fellow congressmen of. Quit trying to sell us a line of bullshit
More lies from the GOP. Credibility diminishes by the day.

Was it Marco that cut the stop-loss funding last year? Overall health care cost has still gone down, until GOP stirred up in Jan. Shame!
Talk about a sellout, take a LONG hard look at the man making this statement. Then  look at yourselves and lobbyists money. ALL SELLOUTS.
Well thank god you don't stoop to that level  and have all your constituents' best interests at heart 
Looks like no end on site to@how many people this guy pusses off daily
So instead the house passed a secret bill that nobody read until after they voted on it.
I don't think it's an exaggeration to say John Cornyn has no room to talk
He has No room to talk at all .None of The GOP do

Projecting again are we?
Yeah nothing like what the AHCA does with essential coverage and preexisting conditions. How's that EO coming?
Seriously, she made you look like the sanctimonious idiots that you are. Hard to be defeated by a tough, smart, principled woman again....
Tiime for the senate and the house to pay for their own healthcare and  stop expecting taxpayers to pay for them and their staffs
Trying to save face after the disaster that you were yesterday. You and Cruz, on every bit of social media, embarrassing yourselves.
No, YOUR plan was sold under false pretenses. You promised to protect pre-existing conditions, you didn't. You promised not to cut Medicaid,
You did. You promised to increase access and affordability, you've done the opposite. Your plan is a clownshow.
No one is buying what you are selling, @JohnCornyn. @GOP sabotaged #ACA and has no plan in place to help citizens who lose #healthcare.#AHCA
Cut the bull S..T Coryan Trump Care Sucks Like You and the rest of those A Holes in your Party Trump is NARCISSISTIC Pathological LIAR TRUE
What? No it wasn't! YOU have not fully funded or supported it, which has caused some instability. Do your jobs! #VoteThemOut
But the #AHCA was totally transparent? Gimme a fucking break.
Yes, repackinging see old conservative heritage foundation free market healthcare ideas.
#RYANDEATHCARE proves that senators and congress members take bribes to pass corrupt greedy laws
Unlike this one, which is totally legit, like, really not illegal or anything, or hastily put through or anything!
Kind of hard 2 say it's failed promises when certain states didn't expand Medicaid 2 help costs & funding hurt by budget neutral demands.
https://twitter.com/ParkerMolloy/status/861693453012480000 …
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates. By Parker Molloy
Since real life doesn't have a dream sequence/flashback feature, I made this. #SallyYates 
Yup! True Story! 
Is there no end to the idiocy of the GOP? Total disdain for the intelligence of the American people.What a totally disgrace and waste.
It passed.  It's what we have.  Make it better.
Cornyn STFU
The false pretenses is your sabotaging it for political chits.
He could have stopped at "I don't think."
At least there were pretenses. Your bill was pushed through without debate, discussion or review. Enough of the hypocrisy.
I'm ashamed to say this guy @JohnCornyn is from my state! Such a pleasure to vote against him next go around #2018
Like how @Gop is selling their plan?
