Its about time and way overdue
But he's white!
It IS about time!

Where is the European American History Museum located?
Finally! Go judge!!
Bout time.
Justice Thomas is white....why would he be in the AA museum?
Delighted!

Poo, poo...leave her in the dust...A Big Yeaaaaah for Justice Thomas 
Yea I would think so
WAY TOO LONG in coming!  JUSTICE THOMAS deserves spot of highest honor therein!
I dont think it should be celebrated that Smithsonian were somewhat compelled to do this due to reaction of people. Justice Thomas earned it
The fact that he was left out is embarrassing! Hopefully this starts to end the terrible way conservative minorities are treated.
Now I'll  go to the museum.
Took them long enough
I hope they don't put his exhibit by the restrooms...
Yes, he has a great Civil Rights Record of fighting against it!
He doesn't have to fight for civil rights.  He lives it. As everyone should. Being loud obviously doesn't work. His quiet, educated way did.
I guess Rosa Parks and MLK Jr. was too loud.
You really don't see the difference in volume? In hate? In violence? I'm friends w Andrew Young family & he says too loud.
Difference in volume from whom? Hate from whom? violence from whom?

Shhh.... don't tell Trump there's an African American History Museum... we'd like to keep it.
Its about time!
Fantastic!  A lot of liberals are gonna be mighty upset.
Yet Kaepernick and I'm sure Michael Brown already have displays in there. 
Great man, I'm no road road scholar from what I'm told we could use two more just like him ?
Took long enough, gees
Finally!
Awesome.  About time
As he should
Past time. Glad he's finally acknowledged.
Wow,I guess you posting this hoping do so means your not a RACIST.What are you doing about police brutality,justice reform systemic racism?
It IS about time! If Thomas was a Democrat, he'd be President.
About frickin time
Really? Regardless of race, he is a sexist, who dis-respects women
About time.
Excellent!
Ooooh the progressives are gonna absolutely show the world their true colors when hey hear about this.
You are obsessed w Clarence Thomas.  What gives?
Is that his actual Twitter handle with 26 followers?
Alongside copies of Long Dong Silver and pubic hair covered Pepsi cans?
Thank goodness!
About time is damn right should have been there from the beginning!
Museum is "evolving" which means they were finally shamed into it.
Many of the greatest influences in my life were men like Justice Thomas
Hobart Gaines, Raymond Timmons, Willie Simpkins, Chester Watson 
Over due
Beautiful
why did you tag this fake Clarence thomas account
Lmao!
About damn time indeed!
Why’s there a pubic hair on his display?
Some REAL news for once.
Always should have been

I hope it is outside the context of Anita Hill.
How big of them.
Does he still want to?
It's about damn time!!
Yeah.  Agree about time.  Wonderful man.
Shameful he wasn't there from the start.
Wow, somebody woke up, about time!
About time!
Yessssss!!!! 
Sad they had to be shamed into it!
FINALLY!

Now it's worth visiting
Justice Thomas u have long been a great American and role model to all Americans. #longoverdue
Hallelujah! Great man.
Agree it's way past time he is a great man and role model
Why because some black racist allowed it

It's about time!!! 
My thoughts exactly. It was an injustice that he wasn't initially included. Agree or not with his ideology, he is a key figure in history
Awesome
It's about damn time!
That's for sure!
@JusticeThomas @JusticeThomas67 is a great American hero. God bless him.
I'm thinking "yeah, great". But this is sad. How much pressure did it take to have an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court honored? Shame.
