Your party adds oh I dunno 23 million to that for a grand total of 53 uninsured Americans. Try compromising and making health ins better!
Don't forget the 800% increase in premiums for low-income elderly!
Only in red states where the GOP sabotaged it. Look for the real cause.
So reducing the uninsured (esp children, elderly and less fortunate) by 13 million is a disaster? Where is your compassion?
@trishlLaird You realize ur the minority in this discussion. You and @JohnCornyn should listen. Majority want to fix O'CARE & impeach Trump!
lol. No they don’t.
Plus these nuts keep yelling IMPEACH. For what? Only crime that’s been committed was Obama admin unmasking & spying on millions of Americans
Doesn't compare to treason. Clinton is not president - move on!
I have ACA I pay $200/mo with zero deductible. It's the best insurance I've ever had. R vote to kill people with Trumpcare
So my prem under nobamacare is $750 with a $5k ded. So I currently can't get insurance. It needs to go
That's fairly normal for health insurance.
income. Heaven forbid you make more than $15k/yr.
I do and there are subsidies for income much larger than 15k a year. I don't receive a subsidy but here is how I benefited..covers
pre-existing conditions, kids up to 26, no lifetime cap, women no longer pay much greater premiums than men, mandatory coverage for...
pregnancy and childbirth. There are many other positives and no it was not simply a medicaid extension for the poor.
There's a reason single payer is collapsing everywhere and the lines are months and months long. No thanks. Open up to competition. Only way
ACA NOT in Death Spiral...you're lying
Dems have stated REPEATEDLY they will work w/GOP. But take Repeal/Replace off the table.
'Work with' is liberal code language for "go along with all our nonsense wealth redistribution plans"
That's just stupid! Dems are not in control. YOU are the ones drafting bills in closed meetings and cutting funds. Do you job!
So what do R's do?  Make sure an ADDITIONAL 28 MILLION go uninsured.  Brilliant plan! 
What have YOU done? You've sabotaged the ACA the past 8 yrs, now you've ripped ins & medicaid from low income families. Shame
So your answer is to take away insurance from another 22 million. Brilliant!!
Are you joking? Trumpcare=Deathcare. 23 million MORE uninsured and UNDERinsured. Bankruptcy here we come.
Your party has controlled Congress the last 6 years, bonehead. How about single payer?
you, sir, are absolutely shameless.
A Texas-sized lie. You should be ashamed. I'll trust CBO over u any day. CBO sez R plan is a disaster.
If so concerned about the uninsured, why haven't you done more to push for expanding Medicaid in Texas? They're your constituents too.
We at least tried. Joe Leiberman fucked all of America out of #MedicareForAll now the Republicans want to make things worse again.
Liar!
How can you do this? How can you continue to lie? States like TX refused Medicaid expansion, which would have covered these people!
also, rather have current big $ w/my preexisting THAN NO INSURANCE bc TOM PRICE issues TX a waiver. you're lying senator! #HealthCareForAll
He doesn't even have to issue one. Per TrumpCare, if Price doesn't reply to the waiver request, it is automatically enacted. Crazy evil.
Pretty much the same as the Republicans did through out the process of getting ACA in2 law in 2010. Karma how does it feel? 7 yrs & U have 0
Listen you obfuscating clown. Obamacare is less effective than it could be due to Republican obstruction. Your joke of a bill is far worse.
What are YOU doing?   Making it worse!  Shame on you.
Tell you what, if you're really concerned about those uninsured people, lets get on with that universal coverage plan. I'm sure
Hmm, does that include the medicaid expansion?...No. And I'm supposed to think you give a shit about how many are uninsured? @JohnCornyn
They can't because GOP has majority & wouldn't let them!
The Trump endorsed House Plan will increase the number of uninsured by an additional 23M.  Ryan sez that's a small $$ to pay for a tax cut.
because Republicans obstruction and failure to fund has led to problems with ACA
right, so let's deprive 23 million Americans who have healthcare because of ACA to make it right? Conservative logic!!!
Wrong.  God damn , man. Is lying just second nature for you ? It's disgusting
Come on cornyn! Quit the lies and represent all of your constituents! You do know what that word means don't you?
#alternativefacts - The @gop tried to prevent good health care 7 years ago a & still have no plan other than cover less of #USA
Quit lying @JohnCornyn.  People are still uninsured because GOP states would not expand Medicaid.  Don't blame Democrats for GOP sabotage.
Actually, one did.  Ohio.  By doing it, They insured additional 700,000 Ohio residents.  This GOP state would suffer drastically if repealed
I think there were 10 GOP states that took the expansion, but the majority of them wouldn't--that's 'compassionate' conservatism for you.
That's true.  I couldn't remember how many did.  I only knew about OH for sure.  But yes, majority of them wouldn't. KS tried, then vetoed 
There's an ugly streak in the GOP despite the Bible thumping.  You don't count unless you're wealthy.  It's the antithesis of Christianity.
The R's?  AHCA piles on 24 mil+ uninsured, guts Medicaid, kills health ins. market. Try @SenSanders proposal: Medicare 4 all.
What do Rs do? Refuse to work at an actual fix for years then when in power try to get that number to at least 50M.
Of course millions still uninsured. Majority red states refuse to extend Medicaid and Rs aren't inviting Ds to discussion.
& under current Trumpcare bill - 51 million would be uninsured! I guess as long as you're taken care of, the rest should suffer?
Inflammatory/ridiculous. Trump is gutting Obamacare and leaving people in dire straights but you insist on making it a partisan issue. Sad.
...And all that Rs have done is say "no". Quit your bellyaching & compromise to develop some real solutions.
so you think a bill that you tried to exclude yourself from a part of is better for the people? not good for you but good for the commoners?
so your answer is to make it even less affordable? smart man
You are humiliating yourself Senator. You blocked any action on the ACA for 6 years and now you want to blame someone else for your treason.
You had 8 years to come up with a plan. What did Rs do? Abso-effin'-lutely nothing. So why don't you just:
Maybe Rs should step up and figure out how to provide affordable universal healthcare like the UK, Switzerland, Australia, etc.?
Hey Texans,if you think this guy is looking out for your best interests he's not! He's looking out for his & his family.Covering for a #Con
Please!  What have you & ur colleagues done in the past 6+ yrs.?  All talk & no action!    Constipation reigns among republicans!
so you can't see your hypocrisy?  Shame
You mean nothing that the GOP could not block, don't ya?
and your republican budget adds another 14 million to that number easily.
How about YOU tell the truth. It is NOT in a death spiral. The challenges the ACA is facing now are YOUR doing. The Republicans are evil.
What did Republicans in TX do? Ensure its failure and help the GOP plot to destroy it. Tell the truth to your constituents, YOU failed them
What do R's do? Make things even worse.
If Medicaid was expanded to all states as designed, it would be fine. Look at the red states that didn't participate to spite Obama
BS, what can Dems do when GOP controls Congress? GOP owns this.
Have you pushed for Medicaid expansion to help out with that ? No, your aim all along was to price people out.
What have u done to help the markets? Nothing. Subsidies weren't expanded. Co-op payments budgets reduced. And non payment being threatened
And you want to cut funding, what do you think that does? Do you not understand arithmetic? Or are you just a flat out liar?
<<< ALT-FACTS from A FAKE SENATOR
#FakeNews
sir, you and your party failed the American people when it came to #Obamacare. Fix it, not gut it.
Umm that is a lie
You don't give a damn about healthcare If you did you'd have PP everywhere
Stop lying John. How many will LOSE insurance with your plan? How many with pre existing conditions will DIE? You & your party are pathetic
What do R's do? Withhold payments to providers to make them raise rates!
Fake news
You r consumed with our former Pres. We know you couldn't handle a black man as Pres. Let's talk about our current administration #Russia
Your attack on fellow Americans is disgusting and disgraceful. You do not deserve to represent us! These issues are not D or R it's all ppl
Because GOP blocks everything and makes it worse. AHCA will do a lot more damage! God, I can't wait to vote you out!
Death Spiral?! Ha, even at its worst it can't compare to Trumpcare, which will throw over 51 million off healthcare.
What is wrong with you?
Hmmm. Now you care about uninsured? TRUMPCARE is a tax cut for wealthy, no coverage for preexisting, adds lifetime caps, omits maternity.
What do Rs do? See CBO report for details.
If only they implemented #MedicareForAll,... sadly your big money donors who profit off of suffering wouldn't allow that.
I live in your state & have no health insurance. Know why? Because Texas refused the Medicaid expansion.
Don't blame Obama. Who refused to accept Medicaid expansion? Gov Abbott & GOP rejected this expansion. Stop your gas-lighting to Texans
Senator, you are a damned liar.
Republicans have nothing positive to contribute.
You have done NOTHING to fix it, and your plan will make everything worse. DO YOUR JOB.
Your party's obstruction to PPACA is what has limited its success. History will judge your brand of tribal, scorched-earth BS harshly.
What a load of crap! It's suffering because of ppl like you acted against the best interests of your constituents.
You fail to realize that you are in control. The GOP is majority in both houses and WH, haven't you been following news? Stop whining!
No one believes your propaganda John
When will you actually do something for this state besides towing the line and being a GOP mouthpiece?
Lambasting the dems and reach across the aisle in good faith, perhaps a better solution can be achieved. But that would take humility
of the myriad of reasons that the #aca is troubled, democratic commitment to accessible healthcare isn't one of them. If you stop
What have Rs done for the past EIGHT YEARS! Where's your BETTER plan!?
What do Rs do? Play blame game without offering viable solutions. All y'all nothing but damn hypocrites. You're a party leader. LEAD.
You are hopeless. And I am becoming resigned to your atrocious incompetence.
D's don't have partners, just adversaries who want to strip more people of their insurance. This is so disingenuous to blame them.
Omg! A-HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!!!!! Shut the fuck up
wow,  TX resident, on ACA.     Affordable,  I like my doc.   Covers my pre existings.   Quit throwing us under the bus for party
The ACA works great in my state thanks to state govt taking over when Reps blocked the Fed Govt. That doesn't say much for TX state govt tho
How could they? Republicans were in the majority.What did Republicans do to keep healthcare for Americans?They tried to repeal it over 60xs!
Your Senate team has invited no Democrats to contribute, and your party's current plan leaves 50M uninsured, PEC at risk and guts coverage.
Bye, JC. We'll still remember in 2020!Start making plans now, and maybe you can do something good instead. But that's not your way, is it?
I thought the Republicans were in charge and just passed a bill that will add scores of uninsured. Once AHCA fails, what's next?
What have "Rs" ever done about healthcare?  Ever?
Wtf have you done in your life? Nothing. Nothing but lies and bs.
D's don't control anything dude
What have you done to help the uninsured in your state? Absolutely nothing, except demonize those who tried to help. Congratulations.
Uh, who controls the House and Senate and White House? You can't use that scapegoat excuse anymore. Ball's in your court, GOP! Step up.
So make it better. Do your job. Taking it away is not the answer.
How about putting some limits on pharmaceutical and insurance companies?
So u will make it better by cutting off another 24 million people so the wealthy get tax breaks. And insur. Companies get richer.
Embarrassing response Senator. Try being honest next time.
Yada, yada, yada.... you suck.
It's in a death spiral because you removed the risk corridors for insurers. Put them back and insurers return. STOP LYING SENATOR!!!!
Nobody is listening to you as you've proven untrustworthy and a complete sell-out. You have lost all credibility.
You ever going to have a townhall?
So why didn't u convince TX governor to accept Medicaid expansion? Many more wouldve been insured,plus TX would've received millions free $.
And after 8 yrs you have a solution?
The biggest problem with the health care system is that insurance cos are beholden to their shareholders and not to the people they cover.
Clearly, you are living in an upside down world. Or is it backwards?
gop needs to take leadership on hcare, not complain about democrats.
What r u doing about the Russian incursion into the Whitehouse and our election? Nothing because you are complicit #Traitor #PutinsPuppet
Only repugs like U make this claim because your loosing the media battle and the #AHCA is an abortion of a bill.
Texas hasn't expanded Medicaid. Texas doing so would be among the biggest changes to both these issues.
you're hilarious. Can't wait to vote you out.
Sen: You are on Obamacare now as all in Congress but you can purchase from ALL exchanges--one solution for individuals is allow same.
Their main plan right now is to not be the majority party.
Are you serious?  Come up with a universal healthcare plan.
They would try to improve it but you and the Republicans want to kill insurance for working class people to pass a tax bill.
First off, Bernie's been pushing for a plan that would cover everyone, second off, your plan just about doubles that number.
You're complaining about people being uninsured and planning on making 23 million more people uninsured? This is mind-boggling.

Didn't GOP have control of congress for 7 yes with ACA? Did you try to fix it or just undermine it to the detriment of the American people?
False and the GOP is doing worse.
....AHCA monthly premium will be $1,700 a MONTH! More than my income. You are liars and murderers. Worked 35 years, I'm worthless now.
... Profit problem started with YOU. ACA saved my life. On Disability now, kept my employer plan for $180/month (COBRA, $750). Under...
... When they saw projected profits. But GOP THEN refused expansion and/or exchanges and spread BS to scare people away from signing up...
LIAR. Vast majority had been on garbage plans & were on new plans within weeks. Increase is net. ~ Ins. Industry agreed to participate...
So YOU do something. 
Good God, man. How do you sleep at night? You're a liar and a shill for the most corrupt administration and Congress in modern history.
Expanding Medicare in your state would go a long way to solving both of those problems, but you already knew that.
We can't wait to vote you out of office.
What does congress do Senate?  You were sent there to represent us. Get to work and fix it.
Because that was the plan all along. Path to govt run healthcare.
Dem's use OUR tax money to give away everything free so they can control the population. Pure Socialists plan.
How many uninsured in Texas? How many are children? Oh, that's right. You rubber-stamped no Medicaid
Get off your duff and help to improve the ACA.
Texas is a great example - A Leader in % uninsured. Market is in spiral because congress was not a faithful guardian of the law.
Aren't Republicans the ones in power?
30 is too few! We need 50 million uninsured; get that #AHCA passed! PS: all my physician colleagues are appalled at GOP healthcare stance.
Have you read the report from the CBO which just came out?  Totally refuted! More B.S. from the Repugs!
Senator, please stop lying about this. ACA is working. It's not perfect but Trumpcare is far, far worse. #MedicareForAll #NoHighRiskPools
Meanwhile the GOP healthcare plan is open casket, closed casket, or cremation
pelosi is there only hope!  shes just precious
But yet you will get to keep your coverage under Obamacare.  Please explain why it's great coverage for you but not for us.
Because Rs forced it to be inadequate in the first place.
Dems created this mess!  They're not gonna admit they failed and help clean it up.  Just a bunch of whiny cry babies!

That's bullshit senator.  Not expanding Medicaid has led to a lot of Obamacare a problems.  You don't want real solutions.  You LIE.
@tedcruz TX deserves better than lying GOP wealthy .01% Senators! My mom needs Medicaid to live. I'm voting for @BetoORourke!!
Same thing the R's have done for 8 years. NOTHING.
What did the Rs do? Absolute nothing. Only difference, R's in control of Congress for the past 6 years. America is not stupid @JohnCornyn
Nope that was your and the GOP's doing! Stop blaming everyone else for your shortcomings!
It's currently 1 in 10 Americans.  Your plan -->1 in 6.  That's regression and no amount of political deflection is going to change that.
Isn't that what R's did when Ocare was being worked on? Nothing. R's didn't have any ideas at that time.
States refusing Medicaid expansion hurt Obamacare (not to mention millions of Americans); don't insult us with your lies
What do you mean? McConnell says he won't work w/ Dems. They don't hold the majority, you numbskull. Work w/ them, you partisan hack!
How the G.O.P. Sabotaged Obamacare
We see what you and others did.
In Texas the lack of Medicaid expansion and nothing but Federal exchanges mean the Republicans hurt Texans...not the ACA.  GOP=cruelty.
Ds have tons of technocratic fixes they love to deploy if it could get past the Republican Congress; you're such a liar.
And what do Republicans do? They make a worse plan. What are you doing to fix it besides bitching about it?
Where are you getting this 30M figure from?
Exactly what are you doing?
Stop lying! #cowardlycornyn
“@JohnCornyn: Obamacare has left about 30M uninsured and individual market is in a death spiral.  What do Ds do?  Absolutely nothing.”peopl
Back up,You've had 7 years to do better, now with (R) everything, still FAILURE. always time to take what was good ofO/C and fix balance, Hm
The AHCA proposal will add 23M to that number. Is this acceptable to you? Fix the problems, don't create new ones.
and you want to add 23 million more. Duplicitous is the word you're looking for.
They keep pushing it. It's one step closer to single payer. GOP needs to let people know the VA Hospitals are single payer
Dems knew the law needed some changes BUT the GOP majority had no desire to assist. You do know how partisan politics works right?
YOU HAVENT INVITED THEM TO THE TABLE! Even potus said GOP needs to work w/ Ds and GOP only got more private in repeal efforts #badpolitics
Remember,GOP is the in power. Most hateful group of congress I have ever witnessed. obstructed for 8 yrs and now you blame! What r U doing?
Don't act like you're trying to get those 30M healthcare as you try to deny 23 million more people access to health care.
Cronyn...show us the facts...these are alternate facts you provided
