some of these were endorsed by Ronald Reagan and George Bush
They don't care, they can't let a black guy get credit for it. For example, see how desperate they are to undo ACA. Petty pride. Greed.
ACA will undo itself. Both camps know this.
Further, the REASON it's doing worse than it should be is that the GOP, as usual, put party over country & sabotaged it at every opportunity
And yet democrats who voted in 2006 to build the wall are now obstructing its build.
You don't know that it's the same Democrats; that was 11 years ago. I've learned things over the past decade, have you?
Here that Texans who care about the planet you live on. 
Senator Cornyan is a climate change denier.
Psst...Quality is more important than quantity here.
@JohnCornyn @SenatorRounds @capitaljournal Summary- we don't know how to actually govern.
Not happy with you undoing regulations to safeguard the people.  You seem willing to lead us back to the Great Recession with your actions.
Do you not think our military is owed the respect of knowing if their #POTUS - who continues to put them in harm's way - committed treason?
Not a good thing, y'all.
BURR NEEDS TO DO HIS JOB ON INTEL COMMITTEE, OR STEP DOWN & GET INDEPENDENT COMMISSION TO DO IT FOR AMERICANS-UNBELIEVABLE.  WE DESERVE MORE
Shame on you. GOP works for Big Business not the people.
@JohnCornyn @SenatorRounds @capitaljournal Are you proud of destroying America?
Try coming up with something new other than undoing things done by a beloved President.  You aren't making friends - you are making enemies.
Do you really think this is a good thing? It's small, petty and horrible for the country!
Why does your party favor corporations over real people? Don't we have enough money to own you?
This is not something to be proud of, fellas.
Be abuse @realDonaldTrump doesn't have a vision other than to be anti-Obama and pro-Putin. #shame
Where do you see that?
Woe to those who use Christ as a means to get rich off the poor. Shamful to run on  platform  of Christian values, but actions say Satan
Yep. And we'll remember. 560 days until November 6, 2018. You all might want to look at your approval numbers.
Great News! You can FINALLY introduce some pro #conservative legislation.
Or I guess we can try #healthcare again.
#congress
We know who to thank for taking Flint's poison water crisis nationwide & allowing us the opportunity to wade in sewage at the beach!
Obamacare you fools
I'm not happy about this ...
Republicans cut regulations ...cutting expenses for businesses. THIS HAS NOT BEEN DONE IN THE BEST INTEREST OF THE PEOPLE...only profits.
trying to pretend Trump achieved something in first #daysofshame yeah by EO only, dirty water, dirty air, starving elderly,financial rape,
I'd like to hear about why this benefits the American citizen economically. You could do that if you had a #townhall.
#Dump Cruz2018 #DumpCornyn2020
Lord help them and forgive them for they know not what they do. Pro-life, but greedy, they are a bunch of  pharisees.
can't we take that jackass 's name off it already. Call it wtfe, just after not him
FUND THE WALL
You must have so much hate and jealousy in you to do so gat you do. I pray for you  no I don't because you are the devil
This proves you disliked him not for policy. Many of these have been long supported by conservatives too.
Not a record to be proud of - you are hurting millions of Americans while feeding your egos.
Proud of yourselves?  You all make me sick.
Oh goody! U guys have orgasms over un-doing anything Obama, rather than actually, say, governing!
Your racism continues to show John.
And you are proud of that? You undid needed regulations and left corporations to run amuk. #shame #VoteThemOut
Congratulations, you can un-do stuff that likely helps most Americans.  But can you actually "do" anything that helps most Americans?
Bc they don't care about hurting most Americans. Definitely not something to be proud of.
Context matters; what regulations and why?  Or just "bad Obama"?  Idiots.
Including regulations that exist to keep water clean, so good job there.
#Obamacarerepeal #Borderwall #MAGA #MASA
I cannot, for the life of me, understand why you are bragging about most of them.  Happy to condemn future generations to blight?
Just keep at it, @JohnCornyn. Your hero worship of @realDonaldTrump  will come back to bite you. I did think you were more savvy than that
@JohnCornyn @SenatorRounds @capitaljournal Instead, this is all about eliminating anything the black man did. Worse, you're proud
@JohnCornyn @SenatorRounds @capitaljournal If this wasnt racist, the headline would be "eliminated regulation XYZ, and ABC"
@JohnCornyn @SenatorRounds @capitaljournal It is all about the black man that was in the white house eh, John? Your nature shows
@JohnCornyn Don't forget you undid following the Constitution and Senate rules regarding SCOTUS nomination/confirmation. Be proud
You still don't know how to do anything except oppose Obama.  Governing is hard and you can't do it.  Get out of the way.
The way you portray these regulations is a joke. Burdensome regulations on internet companies bc they have to notify ppl before selling
Their private information? That was a burdensome regulation?
Updating our totally out of date electrical grid was a burdensome regulation? Burdensome to prevent coal companies from polluting waterways?
Stop acting like all regulations are onerous. We need some of these. Opposing them just to oppose them is simple minded absurdity.
GOP & Cornyn nothing to brag about.  Many of the reversed regs do nothing but put our health in danger; no regard for future generations
Can y'all try doing something new that takes us in a step forward?
You say that like it's a good thing 

Workers and the environment be damned, reds don't care
Maybe that's why your approval ratings are falling.....just a guess
Why are you proud of this? The goal is to improve lives, not crowing about obstinacy and partisanship.
This, rather than investigate what reallly looks like treason. Well done. Way to put party ahead of country.
GOP, the morally bankrupt party.
And your corporate sponsors love you for it! Meanwhile people will have polluted water, less healthcare & less education-SHAME & SAD
Woohoo! Now waste flows downstream, Public has lost input on public lands, States can't help poorer workers save, Retirement scams are OK...
Good he destroyed the fabric of America
So proud of passing 13 @BarackObama regulations & taking our nation backwards in security, health, & safety for future generations to endure
And you want accolades? Americans saw a glimps of how  you wanted to stiff them and reward insurance co. & Businesses.
Not something you should be bragging about honestly...
You are proud of government  by spite?!?
Don't brag. So anxious to undo anything Obama put in that you have hurt the environment and the voters. Congrats.

Because you dont care about this country or its people.  You only care about your financial supporters.
You all suck
More corrupt @GOP tearing down our countries accomplishments in order to line the rich people's pockets
Destroying the environment further and adding 170B to the deficit. You no talent ass clowns are on a roll!
Whoopty-fucking-do.
Why don't you try having ideas and accomplishing something positive instead of tearing things down?
Yes, now you can do things like legally kill hibernating bears in Alaska, what an accomplishment.  You're proud of that?  Disgraceful
Regulations need to stay! Business, left to their vices will kill anyone in the name of profit. Why do u hate the American people?
NOT something to be proud of. Why not toss in that 52 Senators are complicit in allowing Trump to profit off his Russian win?
Quit the crap. Full repeal now!!!  Your inaction is embarrassing
Yay! Deplorables in action! #resist #impeachtrump
if only we could undo our votes. It wouldn't undo your ignorance it would however save us from it.
Sad day for sure. #vote2018
Can't believe you're so proud to ruin the planet
Yeah. Keep up the "good work." See ya at the mid-terms.
Nothing to brag about dipwads. Reading through these, shame on you. #vote2018
Like the Surface Mining's Stream Protection Rule, a regulation to protect waterways from coal mining waste
and your corporate owners thank you. The rest of us regular folk not so much.
Too bad we can't just get rid of no. 1 socialist rule: Control healthcare.  Pres. Trump is doing his part; do yours! Get a law passed!
#ThreatToNationalSecurity
When you clowns get voted out, the new senate will have plenty of work to fix your screw ups. 
SHAME ON YOU!!!
I just got a phone call about that wall and they say some people are gonna get lock up over that if u spend any of their money on it
What does this mean?
Rescind DACA! Build the wall! Deport illegals! Everify! Bio-metric entry! Limit birthright citizenship and chain migration!
Why don't you work on something positive for Americans. It is easy to undo regulations. Grand OLD party for the Trump wealthy & companies.
Why?  Are you that racist?  Does the top 2% need more money? Haven't you done enough destruction to the American people?
Sad
Undoing Obama-era regulations will not erase him.
And they are actually PROUD of doing that? More pollution,, removal of watchdog laws on Wall Street, less consumer safety, less transparency
Shame on you. You have no initiative to write your own you have to undue his.
Erase that stain on our country!  And you people get busy and SUPPORT OUR @POTUS or you may be out of jobs in the upcoming elections!
Bot
Not
Oh, just a real hater
Good job, we should be back to the dark ages in no time, what with limiting protections for workers, along with the environment. Turds.
Sending us back to the 60's. Dirty air/water. No Consumer protections. Insurance, chemical, banks free to pillage #2018iscoming #resist
For the sake of undoing Obama era regulations rather than actually benefiting the American people
REPUBLICAN LIE REPUBLICAN B S .
Yep. You own that.
My aren't you gutless wonders:))
You're messing up what makes America Great.
Idiots
