You conveniently forget to mention that he also says it likely wasn't Obama.
That's a pretty damn big distinction, Senator. Ethics rules put a firewall between the President and DOJ investigations. @JohnCornyn
The FBI getting a signed warrant from a judge to do something is very different from the POTUS ordering something. @JohnCornyn
Also: we still don't know what the warrant authorized. It's classified. No evidence it was for a wiretap of Trump Tower. @JohnCornyn
Occam's Razor would tell us that it wasn't phone lines per se, but probably related to the Alfa Bank thing.
This is what Louise Mensch has argued. If true, wiretapping would make no sense as an investigation method. @ChopperDave18 @JohnCornyn
FBI got FISA warrant targeting server in TT directly linked to Russian banks. Cornyn undoubtedly knows
Cornyn trying to plant seed that Obama inappropriately obtained because he knows they're in deep shit.
THIS is what Cornyn & Trump r up to #Supermax
This was not a mistake. It was ordered by Bannon in advance. He had a diplomatic passport.
God Bless Australia. #Allies https://twitter.com/mrjoeaston/status/838458717787975680 …
Dear John Cornyn. You suck.
So you are accusing Obama of ordering his justice department to illegally wiretap Trump?  I think you'd better resign.
I think you also know exactly what the Trump team and Russia have done and you are enabling a coup on the US.  #Supermax
Trump admin harassing allies' CIA Director.  Hmmmm
Also, @StephenKBannon, be assured, no matter how many #FVEY directors you stop at the border we'll still help @CIA hunt Trump's treason down https://twitter.com/mrjoeaston/status/838458717787975680 …
By spouting all of this junk, you are inextricably linked to Trump now.  You are not long for this job.
the truth will come out, despite the shameful partisan lies and misdirection.
so, are you accusing them of warrantless wire tap? Or, baseless FISA warrant? This isn't something you want to be vague about.
Actually, sir, it matters less what you believe happened, and more that you've aligned yourself with those backing it.
Didn't quite read the whole article, eh @JohnCornyn ? To paraphrase @RickPerry420 "oops"
@CatFosterJess ...the Justice Department. Investigating probable cause of collusion by Trump and Russia, and GOP by association.
I am a TX resident.  You are my senator.  You serve on Intel.  It's time to pick country over party.  I finally did it.
Do you want your legacy to be this?  When this all collapses and you could've done something to prevent you deserve how history reflects u.
NOT correct. Obama isn't president. It's Trump's Justice Department. Can't have Trump's corrupt people investigate Trump, right?
the one that investigated Hillary Clinton? That one?
which means there was evidence presented.
Obama still couldn't direct a wire tap
2020 can't come soon enough. #GOTV
What crime was the Justice Department investigating when they got the FISA warrant?
You mean America's justice dept. You should have an independent investigator look into Trump -Russia issues. Act American 1st!
I live in Texas unlike a lot of those dolts twisting for Obama!
could  have been WJC,  no?
and a Federal Judge.
IF ordered by JD, there was cause.  Tread carefully here sir.  You'll get hung out to dry next cycle for you. #RussiaGate
oh cmon Cornyn. Stop that. That's bs+
Cannot believe you represent Texas. Leaders lead, John.  They don't engage in petty, far fetched conspiracy theories.
Show us the proof or you are totally acting in an irresponsible way. America before party. We are tired of lies and faux news!
get off Twitter and do a damn town hall already
Putin sent Wili Leaks in to help your hero
do you read your Twitter responses? Overwhelmingly negative. These are your constituents. Tread lightly. Re-election soon!
OBAMA = PLAUSIBLE DENIABILITY... OF COURSE HE HAD HIS HANDS IN THE MIX.
who the heck is writing your tweets. Can't believe is you John
you realize they are different things, right Senator? Mukasey says this BECAUSE THERE WAS A RUSSIAN AGENT IN TRUMP TOWER. Duh.
at the direction of Obama!
no.
YES
Look at what you've done Cornyn. Hope Donald Trump was worth trashing your legacy.
@CatFosterJess Just a thought, maybe we should go back to thinking of of it as OUR (the people) Justice Department. Hack
If it's a FISA warrant it takes 16 judges agreeing. You're the ultimate #Trumprussia supporter.No wonder you won't do #Townhalls
You mean AMERICA's Justice department. Stop assuming everyone is as partisan as you, esp. those working on our protection
Exactly, which would have required a warrant from a federal judge. You sir are going to come out on the wrong side on this one.
You are committed to riding the Trumptanic all the way down, aren't you? What do they have on you? Abromoff deal?
you will do anything to distract from the fact that Sessions lied under oath and your inaction is the ultimate act of cowardice
hard to believe the potus had anything nefarious going on with Russia if he is willing to draw attention to it. Just saying
#delusions are false beliefs that a person holds on to, without adequate evidence even in face of contrary evidence @GOP Sad!
@CatFosterJess Please just stop. Why are we even wasting time on this when the Russian ties are choking us!! GET TO WORK!!!
given how DOJ had unethical political contact re email crimes what was the distinction?
Does it matter? He would have had to obtain a warrant, showing probable cause! Do you not see clearly that Trump is insane?
.@JohnCornyn @CatFosterJess fascinating to watch you sabotage your career and endanger your once safe seat, all to defend this insane POTUS
SOMEBODY IS UNDER CRIMNAL INVESTIGATION. Likely for treason with Russian spies. The GOP is a party of TRAITORS & Russian spies.
@CatFosterJess If you r suggesting that DOJ is partisan, then u certainly make the case for a special prosecutor. #TrumpRussia
please check out @marklevinshow tweets, Mr. Levin has done the background on the espionage case against obama doj....
So Obama's justice dept released the Comey letter that helped sink HRC? We're stuck with lying POTUS, don't drag fmr thru dirt.
Genuinely ashamed of lack of patriotism shown by u & colleagues. My patriotism reveres constitution. Yours? #CountryOverParty
you do realize Obama's FBI guy is now Trump's FBI guy don't you? Plus FISA court judges appnt'd by Chief Justice Roberts?
What are you hiding? Are you trying to distract long enough to get through radical, unconstitutional agenda? #INVESTIGATERUSSIA
which is HOW IT WORKS. You can't possibly be this dense, so you must be intentionally trying to mislead your constituents.
Prove it.
@CatFosterJess Trump is attacking our democracy; stop giving him cover; country over party, please
I am, yet again, very disturbed that you are adding fuel to this fire.
Please, take a stand for what is MORAL. Use ur majority whip power and DO something about #TrumpRussia. Off to call ur office (202) 224-2934
blah blah blah get on with it. Open the investigation. You guys won't because most of you are guilty as charged starting at top
I don't pay taxes so you can play politics full-time!
As my senator, I expect you not to play a Twitter game of obfuscating Clapper's points restated in the article.
whatever! Obama is trying 2 b with his family & u keep blaming him 4 all of @realDonaldTrump mistakes!Trump has mouth diarrhea
Sneaky disingenuous Mr Cornyn!
Did you ever notice several of your boy's cabinet nominees lied to the Senate? Including AG Sessions. Criminal actions.
@CatFosterJess no drama Obama justice department. Probable cause Obama justice department.
John, you are onboard with a conspiracy theorist who gets his ideas from Bannon. Please stop endangering the country.
Thank you for publicly correcting yourself.  Honorable
. Get the rest of the story out.  What are the court approvals needed for surveillance.  A panel of judges is it?
Reviewed and approved by a JUDGE!!  You forgot that part.  You were AG.  You should know judges don't just sign anything.
Hold #TownHall so your constituents can speak to you. Stop avoiding your duty. #DoYourJob #Trumprussia #SessionsMustResign
@CatFosterJess I don't get it, is Sen. Cornyn suggesting that Holder illegally tapped then-candidate Trump's phone. So Confusing
you are showing us all that you're either delusional or deliberately obstructing an #IndependentInvestigation  #listentous!
Clapper and Comey say NO. Stop spreading lies. You are embarrassing yourself and TX.
#sessions #trump #putin #russia #sessions #trump #putin #russia #sessions #trump #putin #russia #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
@CatFosterJess A FISA warrent was issued by a judge.  Get over it
If done, then w cause. Why does that not bother you? Does GOP matter more than country?
trump Russia biggest story in history and are with Obama games...sound to me like party loyalty country is not important to you
Pay particular note to the highlighted sections.
If there was surveillance, it required court approval. Or R u alleging Obama admin illegal surveillance? If so, what evidence?
If justice dept got Title III or FISA warrant then federal judge believes probable cause illegal acts. Support ind investigation
What are you suggesting?  That the JD acted illegally for political purposes? Or that the acted legally when presented evidence?
Your tweet is irresponsible; I am saddened. You know full well that Trump's claim is ludicrous..yet you want to lend him credit?
Comey just rebuked POTUS and asked the DOJ to intervene. How dare you to perpetuate InfoWars conspiracies. U partisan hack.
Now Brietbart ,Bannon and Fox News are intell .My worry how many US troops will die because of this Bannon wants a holy war
.@JohnCornyn Senator, what steps are you taking to investigate Trump's ties to Russia, including his conflicts of interest
If that were the case Jim Clapper would know, what do  you know that he doesn't?
That's what we call back tracking.
Are you accusing FBI Director Comey of lying when he told the DOJ Trump's accusation was false? That's a serious charge.
Which would mean they had reasonable suspicion. This isn't a fucking banana republic (yet), John, so stop acting like it.
Thank you for continuing to support Pres. Trump!
@CatFosterJess You know that a President can't order a wire tap on American citizens. Stop misleading people.
& was likely done with evidence to conclude #Trumprussia is real & was not leaked by Obama. 45* did that & Your making it worse
Why do you entertain Trump's delusion? Why erode America's faith in our institutions?
Please talk to FBI director Comey who has the answer instead of spreading political conspiracy theories.
Really, so if 'Obama's Justice Department' had info re: Russian influence and potential bad acts, it should have ignored it? ??
, I appreciate that you're paying attention to us here, even if we disagree.
U just made serious accusation on our Judiciary, saying that FISA court acts w/o prob cause & info in tabloid's more objective.
Swinging at windmills now...
Please just read all of these comments. Country over party, sir. You are my rep and we request you start doing that. Like, now.
Nope, not going to fall for diversion tactics. Stop trying to push GOP shadow gvmnt BS. We are smarter than that. #Trumprussia
well now that's not what trump said is itm
When its reelection time we'll remember how easily you went from Senator to propaganda arm of a corrupt administration.Shameful
When you discover: 'yes, @GOP Congressmen really aren't that bright, afterall' @JohnCornyn
That you are buying in to this BS says much about your mind being able to process truth from fiction. Trump is nuts.
@CatFosterJess And conveniently forget to mention a Judge would have to approve the warrant.
Trump is using American democracy for his reality show, Get rid of Trump or u will be next
how long are you going to ride this train Senator?  The wheels are coming off and the engine is on fire, and you don't care.
if you're concerned abt firewall betw PresObama/FISA, why don't you respond to Comey's rebuttal & ask why DOJ doesn't do same?
So you agree that Trump lied? (C'mon, you can say it. I BELIEVE in you Senator.)
, throwing smoke screens 2?! Pitiful! Stop enabling current administration, writing's on the wall. Read it, your name up there.

what part of leadership do you not understand? Senators used to be a position of honor.
did you take your medication this morning?
Hmmmmm.......
Team Trump placed trust in Comey when he was dinging Clinton. Now? Not so much.  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/03/trump-obama-wiretap-james-comey-235709 …
NO ACA light. Send it to the States.
Might as well as "Obama's FBI"
it seems like you don't concern yourself with the truth.
Yup! Loretta Lynch, Eric Holder, James Clapper, Lois Lerner didn't have to be told what Oval Office wanted/needed to happen
can't wait for your re-election race. #flipsenate
So, not only do you say things that twist the truth but in that you don't understand how govt works either.
@CatFosterJess Does The Buck Stops Here mean anything to you Jessica? 
@CatFosterJess Senator, please stop trolling on Twitter, meet w your constituents and address constitutional crises in play.
Not according to the FBI. For once, try putting country over party.
When crap hits the fan for 45, you will hold him responsible for anything that happens in his administration. Good to know.
You are misleading, Senator. You fail to mention that IF he was tapped there was probable cause. DEMAND indep. investigation!!!!
*America's* justice department. STOP with the partisan shenanigans, Senator.
If there was cause to investigate that is a bigger deal FISA warrants not easily obtained. I am your constituent, not paid- mad!
These are serious allegations.  Will you please discuss them with your constituents at a #TownHall?
Get your priorities straight. You backed a maniac. Cut your losses and help your country.
Do you support an independent investigation?
no shame in misleading, eh? Fucking politicians!
.@johncornyn 65% of Americans want a special prosecutor.  Russia has attacked our democracy and our national security is at stake.
65% of ALL ...not just Dems. So, John, unless you plan on significant population decreases, this will bite you.
Great statement without meaning. Maybe you should delete your phone messages and have your staff answer when constituents call.
Trump #TaxReturns 
Trump #TaxReturns
Trump #TaxReturns
#Trumprussia
#Trumprussia
#Trumprussia

DO YOUR JOB
btw what you are spreading is LIES!!! Read the article before you start LYING! Vote this traitor out of office!
sounds like a good reason for an independent investigation to look at all these issues? Do you support that?
Put country before party Senator. When and where is your next Town Hall meeting?
again, probable cause.
Obama had a hand in everything WH Nothing was done without him knowing.IRS,Justice dept, Keep up the good fight! It must all end
so you are going with the "Obama holdovers" company line. Weak and dumb. Typical Cornyn.
@CatFosterJess And I’m sure we can expect much greater levels of restraint from a Trump-led executive branch.*

*sarcasm.
.@JohnCornyn What is your point, Senator? They would have been legally procured by FISA warrant, as under previous administrations.
Where there is russian smoke there is russian fire. Why aren't we already investigating 45 & team's Russian communications @GOP?
How often is the sitting President unaware of what his Justice Department is doing?
ALL THE TIME, it's part of the independence of the DOJ.
I really don't get you. Just another conspiracy theorist. Do you believe Sandy Hook was real? Or that the earth is round?
You also conveniently forgot that there are documented warrants for wire taps, which require probable cause.
That you don't seem to care about that is disconcerting at best.
The DOJ was put on notice by Comey on Saturday. When can "we the people" expect to hear their response?
you are sick, John. A lot of bad things are going to have to happen for you to keep your place. 1/
are you willing to sign up for the HORRORS that will be committed by this administration? You own this. It's on your head, John.
Americans are being murdered because of the dog-whistling from WH ... now you join in? What is wrong with you?
what do you think will happen to allow you to keep your seat? It's not just "hysterical losers" who want something done.
a majority of Americans want a special prosecutor named to investigate Trump. My dad is 78yrs old, R whole life.
he thinks you have all lost your minds. My nieces and nephews, just starting out, see what the GOP is.
you think they will EVER vote for y'all? They won't. You are losing an entire demographic of possible voters, for what?
for an incompetent maniac? He's a disaster, John, and will only get worse. It's a new week, John, and the same crap.
Let's focus on what's important. Jeff Sessions lied under oath. He should resign.
