You should be ashamed to abrogate your responsibility to make this work and, in fact, cheer on and cause its demise. #ACA
#Leadership is more than just position. It is the ability to put #countrybeforeparty and to #care about all, not just the rich.
#MedicaidMatters and is responsible for the health security of more than 60 million individuals.
#Medicare plays a vital role for the elderly and disabled and should not be raided for a tax cut for the rich!
POTUS was elected to help many poor and underserved communities that feel left behind. And yet you will kick them when they are down!
You seem grossly out of touch with what it means to be working poor and middle class. they can not afford 10,000 $ healthcare policies.
And lying to them about ACA is beneath the dignity of your office. Perhaps time for you to have a real job? Steel work maybe?
Someone else's health insurance isn't my responsibility. Get a job and get covered. It's not a right. Period.
#Obamacare is clearly historically unprecedented massive failure of #HeathCare system. 

Please shut it down (appeal& replace)

Respectfully
Very short sighted . What of the 20 mil who now have access to healthcare that didn't before?
Good point.
Access to healthCare is not an issue, please understand the increasing cost of newer device/tech used in therapy.
Learn Budget
Therefore, solving the shortage is simply cutting unnecessary wasted cost, which will be used for coverage all Americans.

#Heathcare 
Appropriately manged #Healthcare is #AHCA
All Americans insured will have choice of selecting what's Appropriate.

Doable  saving cost.
Prof of #Wealthcare
Thanks Dear,
But I am Republican, and clearly you're an Obstructionist Dem.

Therefore, please Step aside.

This is not a complement.
Ha!  Obstructing is @GOP only game.  I step aside for no one, Prof of nothing.
Great health care 1. Offer public option; or 2. Insurance buying across state lines; 3. no tax break for rich; & 4. Congress gets same plan
#LyingLiarsLie

Regulate cost of health care, and do Universal Health care where everyone pays the same, or try expanding medicaid in the GOP run states.

You need to tell the whole story! Government isn't subsidizing anymore so insurers are pulling out! You're like Fox ....
Quit lying and start funding #ACA. ACA has saved millions of Americans lives. No one can afford your #wealthcare.
This is the daily update of ACA problems caused by slime ball Paul Ryan's failure to fix our healthcare. He thinks someone else will fix it
The bold-faced audacity to stand there  announcing the devastation you are causing American's proclaiming a solution while blaming others
#Liar  The ACA is being sabotaged, Insurers pull out due to uncertainty, Premiums will go UP/ Services DOWN under #DeathCare. #HypocriteRyan
A little louder Speaker Ryan, the tape might not have caught that….
Ima guess we have a pissed off putin in the game.
Repeal and don't replace
You guy's are creating the problem. Obamacare is not a good deal but yours is worst. "I am ashamed to be a Republican".
Yes!!
Absolutely ridiculous! Companies are pulling out because of the instability trump is causing...
Premiums were going up 25% a year back in 2002. Nobody gave a shit then cuz employers picked up most of the tab.
This is what a criminal looks like:
Fake
If the ACA collapses, it's because YOUR party sabotaged it at every step along the way. We can see through your lies, Mr Speaker.
Oh my god ...give up on the brainwashing technique like everything else in life you suck at this too
Do you really think we're all stupid? How much money do you get from the insurance and pharmaceutical dynasties?
WRONG! #Save ACA #STOPTrumpCare
People know it's republicans who are strangling the ACA, and republicans who are creating uncertainty for insurers. Collapse will be on you.

Republicans pass its replacement. Paul we all know Obamacare is a disaster! Quit trying to get Dems on board and get this done
This is what a victim of war looks like:  #stoptherefugeeban
So sick of the lies that his base love and make the rich donors swoon!
Yet it's still way better than your plan LOL
Obamacare is not collapse. Republican governors have not expanded Medicaid to help those earning $12K or more who can't afford on ACA. Riggd
Omg, Trump's inability to tell (or tweet) the truth has rubbed off on you sir
Hard to understand how you can live with yourself, sad. You will reap what you sow
now I truly believe that power can change some people. I never knew that you will be of them. I saw you before as a good
Yep and still no real plan after 8 years of whining about Obamacare. Shameful
So..when are you going to get a plan that covers more people ???  Come on. That is the main hindrance. No one wants to lose their insurance
So we'll give tax cuts to the rich, turn our backs on those with pre-existing conditions and let millions go fuck themselves. Win!
You and your gang helped bring it down, you own it, you broke it. For years you did everything you could to weaken it, very unamerican
Lies.
And whose fault is that Paul. Surely not the insured or Obama.
Keep praying for collapse. And punch as many holes in it as you can. Thats a true Patriot!
It after the GOP guts Medicaid.
The #GOP is sabotaging the #ACA with their policies, and have been actively releasing propaganda against it for nearly a decade.
All of these lies & distortions r meant 2 obscure 2 basic realities: The ACA, for all its problems, is actually helping 1/2
2/2 millions  of ppl & the GOP bill would undo much of those gains.

Speaker's delight over ACA problems equivalent to joy over Pearl Harbor for helping us win WWII.  He knows how to fix problems, but won't!
Is there anything that can be done to encourage the insurers stay in and keep the premium cost down?
Insurers are pulling out because under your leadership they haven't been given clarity as to what the gov't will support. Show backbone!
Too many serious arguments here. Ryan doesn't give a damn.
Because you did nothing to support it from day 1.
Paul, this is utter and complete nonsense. Stop lying to the American people, for God's sake.

@realDonaldTrump  Americans pay for your great healthcare DT, give them a solid ACA.  Do not #sabatoge #Obamacare!!!!
let it fail then dems will have to help
Because U are cutting off funding!  It is law of our land, FUND IT!!
Children and adults who need dialysis are you going to cause their treatments and let them die? Children with breathing diseases who have
Dump Obamacare! Save the American people and save yourselves! Ignore your enemies the Liberal Democrats! Develop a backbone
RINO's do the job we hired you for!!!! So sick of all of you!!
Lie.Risk scores are stable in the individual market, and decreased by 4% in the small group market. -Center for Medicare & Medicaid services
The CMS is a dept run by a Trump appointee. Keep trying to destroy the ACA for you own political goals. We know the truth.
RepubliKlans are disciples of Evil, insurers are pulling out because for 8yrs Rp have created Uncertainty in the Markets forcing them out
I wish I could believe even one statement you fold make about anything
All you want is gigantic tax cuts.for you and your billionaire buddies you don't give a damn about we poor people
Let it collapse. Cut out all subsidies personal and business
@realDonaldTrump We will stop your lying & expose your #sabatoge #obamacare plan to all of America! ! !
Because you keep killing it and hurting the people
#SinglePayer #Wealthcare #Traitor
.@SpeakerRyan just admit that you just want to undo President Obama's legacy. You don't care about the citizens you are sworn to serve.
Paul Ryan is human swine.
It's called #ACA &you, @GOP, insurance, corp execs colluding 2destroy at expense of lives. #Wealthcare = Stealing frm poor, give to rich
When you get voted out of office will you please take in my elderly parent who lives in a nursing home?? She prob wont be able to afford
Insurers began pulling out when @GOP made it unstable. It wasn't dying. It was being murdered.
Your dad should've pulled out.
So create something that we believe is actually better than #Obamacare  Failing so far.
...as GOP intended when it killed risk corridors & creation of CSR reimbursement crisis. Then u trick ppl into believing its accidental.
And this was Rubio's doing.
So fix it - don't destroy it. Help the people get better care - don't leave them high and dry so you can give HUGE tax cuts to the rich.
Rp never intended to replace the ACA, they're agenda is one of Race Based Politics to destroy the Legacy of a Black Man in Am Politics, PBO
Stop threatening insurance companies to reduce or to end subsidies. Stop killing ACA.
Insurers are pulling out like your mom should have. Just further proof that abortion has the potential to save lives.
All a direct result of Rs undermining the system. Sabotage from day 1. You created this mess
Mr Ryan
you better havs a talk with mcconnell& colleagues theythink waiting for collapse will help reelections if i didnt know better id say
Mcconnell iz trying to sabotage
GOP SABOTAGE
Supporting you opponent, can not stand your support of DJT. Embarrassed for you and your family

VERIFIED: Trump/Price HHS report admits ACA markets are stable—the risk pool is not worsening as claimed. 
https://www.cms.gov/CCIIO/Programs-and-Initiatives/Premium-Stabilization-Programs/Downloads/Summary-Reinsurance-Payments-Risk-2016.pdf … 
Step 1)  Sabatoge ACA as much as possible. Step 2) Scare people. Step 3) Offer up a horrible alternative. Step 4) Pose for a photo at the WH
And the republicans have had ages to come up with a better plan and what happen nothing but garbage more destructive than Obama Care
When you start pulling support systems out from under anything you caused the collapse. GOP gets a lot of the blame.
This is a lie
and if you take away Medicaid millions will die. You and others need to really think on this. The nursing homes house millions and Medicaid

How about my health not he s political football?
U are right,I haven't  insurance at this time because it's to expensive,in fact I'm paying mine and for other that doesn't work,is not fear

Insurers hate uncertainty and my premium has increased every year for the past 30years

Healthcare is your problem now dummy. If the @GOP passed  #SinglePayer you would permanently destroy the dems, but you won't  $$$$$
warrants by putting them out on the streets. Ponder on this,and the one's who have families and do not want them or cannot take care of them
You are being paid to correct it!You&your family do not deserve insurance,take the crap you want America to use.Your political days are over
Than fix it don't keep up the sabotage and empty partisan rhetoric.
And yet the only replacement option you could come up with would increase premiums and copays while kicking people off of Medicaid.
Talk is cheap -are you going to be a co-conspirator with Trump and repeal and replace latter!  Such cowards!
Sadly, you are the reason the ACA is in trouble. If you'd just admit you're racist, and that's why you're doing this.
Well maybe you should work with the Democratic's ifyou are so worried  it's going to fail .
And what are YOU doing to fix the problem????
That's because u cut the funding.
More lies from Paul Ryan and the GOP. It's too bad some people will actually take you for your word. You're ruining this country
Lying Ryan!
Insurance are pulling out because the GOP lock of commitment and adversity against the ACA 7 yrs and GOP can't find better replacement!
Fund and fix it, your plan is dead in the water because you're basically mentally impaired
hey Mike. I haven't heard a democratic plan to fix it. They too say it's collapsing.
Because it's not being funded!
Mike. Why haven't the Dems come up with a way to fix it. All they do is complain with Pochahontas at the helm!!!
The Dems are not even allowed to participate
I'm confused. Why can't they draft a plan of their own and present it to congress. Maybe they can get bipartisan support.
They have a plan, it will work fine if it is not sabotaged by underfunding, it's called Obamacare and stop being a dick
so let's see. I disagree with you and the Dems and I am being a dick?  You do your party proud!
. All the states with expanded Medicaid provisions are fine. People are not stupid. They know your bill is a tax cut not health care.
#MedicareForAll would fix that
You let the insurance companies have a 90 day waiver , this gave them free range on the premiums $$$. Ppl aren't stupid, we are  u
But #trumpcare is better.  like 22 million uninsured ppl better.
#sad that you are the ones intentionally destroying healthcare that constituents want. Shame on you! #loser
U had many yrs to prep for an adequate solution. & now the only solution you have is to kick people off? U need to be replaced!
I say RyanMcConnellTrumpCare for all! But only if those who pass it are SUBJECT to its coverage/noncoverage, no EXCEPTIONS!
Liar
They are pulling out because they paid you Republicans to kill it so they can charge us more for being sick and poor
the GOP Congress governors sabotaged everything along the way! Judas! Even though you and mom sponged off of the government ur whole life!
Come up with a plan then that works!
And no one is dying yet. Poor paul can't wait to cause widespread death with his death bill. Hes like a little boy at Christmas.
AP FACT CHECK: Obamacare is not in a 'death spiral' - Business Insider
@SpeakerRyan #Sickguy
Hey Paul Ryan I love you, but you need to stop screwing around with health care, and sometimes throwing Donald Trump under the bus with his
not it's not. You are just pulling it down. And we all know it.
Then rally your troops @SpeakerRyan & repeal then replace after tax reform & infrastructure! It doesn't take an economist 2 figure it out!

Let it collapse  people need to work and pay their own way
Because the Republicans screwed it up leaving people and insurers in limbo and the Name is Affordable Care Act tsk tsk Mr Speaker Covfefe u
There it is. The #LyinRyan lyin' tweet about the ACA of the day. @GOP sabotaged the ACA. Your idea of healthcare is garbage.
P.aul R.yan... PR = PUBLIC RELATIONS
So come up with a plan to fix it...
But don't regulate Insurance Companies on our behalf, the whole Spirit of #ACA is to insure that every Citizen has access to healthcare.
@JohnCornyn thanks to the merry band of idiots who had no plan but yelled repeal for years. Your fault GOP, it's your baby now
Bullshit, it's the victim of your sabotage.
andddddd the @GOP plan does nothing to improve it, so your point? 
You, Mr. Paul Ryan, are taking away my ONLY insurance!
This is not so, it's been proven insurance companies we're pulling out to change the results.
Tax cuts for wealthiest Americans in exchange for 23 million uninsured is Unamerican and not healthcare.
And you, @SenateMajLdr and
#TrumpPence are getting all the blame
you deserve for sabotage of American's
#Healthcare - It's ALL on @GOP now!
LIAR!!! #YOURENOTLISTENING
#trumpisyourlegacy #coward all anyone is ever going to remeber about you
WE GAVE YOU THE WH
WE GAVE YOU THE CONG
WE GAVE YOU THE SEN

YOU HAVE 3 TASKS
*REPEAL OCARE
*TAX REFORM
*THE WALL
NOW DO IT OR BE REPLACED!!
No it's not. You're sabotaging it. You know that though. Liar and thief.
Penalise insurance companies
Collapsing as a result of your actions,
So fix it. So fix it. So fix it.  Stop focusing on your hate for all things Obama, fix the Affordable Health Care Act, please, do your job.
Get it done yesterday. What's the hold up.
@JohnCornyn 

So just repeal it and make it worse?
Stop blame shifting and get on the God damn stick and do your jobs.
Only because of the GOP sabotage!  You and McConnell are to blame for that.
NETFLIX STOCK MUST BE HALTED NOW & ENTIRE TRADING RECORD PRESENTED TO fraud Congress/Senate/President for emergency Debate now. Stop fooling
JAMES COMEY IS FINANCIAL TERRORIST GANG AT FBI WORKING OVERTIME TO KILL NETFLIX WHISTLEBLOWER FAMILY &loot CONTINUES
#RepealAndReplace #supportPOTUS #RINOalert
Disaster economics.  SMH.  This won't stop until it no longer gets the rich people what they want.
I would call this the Chicken Little story, Part II, except that any failure of the ACA is by design in which the GOP is complicit and aids
So kill people?
Keep beating that drum!!  So far the GOP hasn't come up with anything better.  You had 6 years to come up with something.  Couldn't do it!!!


And yet NeroGOP fiddle and do nothing save push a plan to make it so very much worse.

but why does the GOP plan NOT lower health care premiums?
@JohnCornyn please stop this. I follow you b/c you're my senator, not b/c I want to see misinformation from those meant to represent me.
If you have to mislead the people to get support for your policy, it's a bad policy. Refocus and restart. Do better.
We won't hold it against you if you break this "promise." We will hold it against you if you pass laws that harm us by the millions.
#AHCA WILL BE A KILLER. YOU CANNOT THROW A 22 MILL OFF OF INSURANCE AND CALL THAT PROGRESS, @SpeakerRyan . #regressive
B/c GOP keeps harping on it so it will crash. You and your cronies are hastening it's demise. Why not fixed it. 7 years and GOP had 0 plan
You're constant scapegoating of Obama is dishonest, misleading, and above the office u currently hold. #WeAreNotStupud
Start funding the law as intended and maybe insurers would not be unnerved
As would any other program that had its funding pulled
Your Trumpcare bill never pass
If only your parents pulled out.  Just as well. We deal with your ineptitude so you fix the ACA. NO REPEAL ABD REPLACE.  REPAIR. GOT IT?
That is because you planned it that way just like the cheating with the elections with gerrymandering , Russian dark money & Koch Mercers 
Lol and the Dr's Association and Hospitals Association will not support RyanTrumpCare...
to have machines keeping them alive and Medicaid pays for this,are you going to let them die? Paul Ryan you and your family have medical you
You think by simply repeating this mantra you will get us to believe it. Grow up and FIX the ACA. Stop this blathering about collapse.
More Spam,No  Plan,Poor Health
And what are you guys doing? Too much talking!
I hope it crashed and burns
I'm thinking MAYBE people need to see Obama care fail and feel the squeeze of that disaster like a bad taste in their mouths. THEN...
You believe if u say it over and over people will start to believe you. Trump ran that play into the ground long ago.

"When we cut the brake lines, the bus crashed. Stupid bus!"
U & GOP r sabotaging obamacare why not call it by its real name probably because u can't insite people by calling it the affordable care act
Because Trump boasted the GOP will not fund ACA subsidies. That are sabotaging the ACA and then mourning its demise is not fooling anyone.
Get to work. Work with all those involved in providing affordable health care services.
WOW. CBO: Premiums for a 64-year old with middle income go from $6,800 under ACA to $20,500 under #Trumpcare 
Why yes, Paul, because of you.
