Congressional Budget Office projects Medicaid spending to rise from $368 billion in 2016 to $650 billion in 2027 https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/recurringdata/51301-2017-01-medicaid.pdf …

Then cut your own healthcare and live on a small budget similar to many in our nation. Then report back as to how that goes.
Not interested in that option?  Neither are we.
Give the American people the same insurance Congress has in the debate on healthcare will end
Fix it then! The @GOP owns healthcare now, which is why you need to quit pandering to your Koch overlords & chat w\@SenatorCollins & Dems.
Spend less on imperialist wars, tax the rich
Once we #FlushTheToilet we'll fix your mess, John.
Have you seen what the CBO has said about BCRA? Or ACA repeal? It's much
worse than this. Healthcare is not a luxury for American people.
Then do something to fix it.  You remind me of a 18 yo working their first job and complaining because it's not all easy.  #GetToWork !
OK, unsustainable.  What do you suggest?  And what are you doing right now to replace and replace Obamacare?  Can't believe r's r failing
2/1 NOT a fund being paid into so that refugees and or immigrates over 60/ can't speak English will have income through SSI
how many of those billions go to illegals/refugees? Social Security is paid into by AMERICAN WORKERS and their employers, it's
Unless you do something which is your job. Cut your salary.  Stop having free health insurance for yourself.
That's what we spend on the military every year for the last 30 years. That is unsustainable.
i'm on my knees praying that you and your family experience 100% of what you think is okay for others to endure. putin has video on you too.
What about the oath of congressional members to protect and defend the constitution, against all enemies foreign and domestic? GOP?  Anyone?
then FIX IT, don't just kill it & give $ 2 rich! GOP always has $ for wars & tax cuts, but not for people who really need it!
Yes, UR nonsense IS unsustainable. U must not want UR job. New sleaze Scaramucci mentioned karma. I can't wait til karma hits U!
BullShit! John. YOU ought to support Single-Payer.
So we can believe CBO numbers, but only when they support your point?
Ed, you think it's bad having Cornyn and Cruz in Washington...we Texans have to suffer these fools when they come home too!
Let end it for Cruz 11/06/2018
We will do our best.
Just shutter down and give me my money back
putin has a video of u and @ChuckGrassley with underage russian hookers so wednesday y'all having a hearing to change the subject. see @fbi
stop calling yourself PRO-Life you murdering thug
It actually IS sustainable if we made it a priority. What was our GDP last year? Quit with false dichotomies.
FYI
I don't believe you!!
So advocate for single payer system.  What's your replace solution?  You've bitched for 8yrs about Obama-man up and fix this.
Who cares what these people say!  They were so wrong about Obama care!  John get in there AND DO YOUR JOB AND SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT!!
Prove it. Let the public read the bill. And rembember that YOU serve ME.
Make sure you work on sustainability. Not just be angered that the gov. helps out Americans in need. I am sure you are well covered

Hey - public health is unsustainable. Right. But HALF A TRILLION $$ for a jet plane is just right... Ughh huhh. Sure honey.
When will you remove support from Trump? When he pushes out his Att General? When he tries to fire Mueller? Is anything too much for you?
Your plan: #AmericanGenocide
What are you doing about that, John?
Maybe Congress should rescind the AUMF from the president so we can stop increasing “defense” spending?
Not if rich folks and corporations pay their fair share of taxes and stop cheating.
if only the US could negotiate drug costs down, like damn near every other country.
Just as long as you and your family have tax payer paid healthcare .You so special and we are all just nothing to you
What's unsustainable is your cruelty. You just want to end Medicaid and let people die.
Just like your political career
Especially if you reduce revenue by giving rich people tax breaks at the same time. Solve the problem-the skyrocketing costs of health care.
Easy make the corporations pay their fair share
And Texas has the highest growth rate of any state. What are your ideas to help the poverty rate in the state you represent

Military spending is at 600 billion right now, you say spending more on keeping people healthy like its a bad thing
5-6% annual growth rate given the rate of baby boomers retiring over that period doesn't seem bad +growth +inflation Why unsustainable?
You have created the death spiral. Fix it. Monster
And how long have you been in the U S Senate??? What have you done about it????
It is unsustainable because our healthcare system is the most expensive in the world. Do your job Senator Cornyn. Fix our healthcare system.
A president compromised by a foreign govt is unsustainable.
The government is partly responsible for the health conditions of many of its citizens.
Unsustainable like your congressional career.
Unsustainable ONLY if no changes are made. Like new revenue infusion. Like lowering prescription drug prices.
It's sustainable..We just raise taxes on rich douchebags such as yourself, @SenTedCruz @replouiegohmert and @GregAbbott_TX.
If funded appropriately it can be sustainable. American healthcare over corporate profits. Simple formula that most western countries use.
It's the only fix.
I do math. Your numbers are off from several studies done by reliable economists. You seem to be having a hard time representing all Texans.
If that were true, Republicans would not be using the money for tax cuts,
You're right there. The medical system we have is designed to maximize ROI. It does that by profiteering on the sick, injured and dying.
your comment is based on ?inflation ? demographics? economics? politics ? budgetary considerations ? like your salary, health care, opinion?
the truth ?, its based on your opinion of your priorities, which are not necessarily the same as anyone else's..empty comments as always 
Yes this presidency and this congress is unsustainable.
Let 'em die, John? Tax cuts or dead people. Choices, choices...
Are you talking about the number of lies coming out of the White House or the failure of the Republican led Congress to do anything about it
So let's cut medical costs
This ridiculous administration is unsustainable. Free Americans from this disgrace and tell House to #ImpeachTrump.
I have an idea of how to fix Medicaid and the national deficit / national debt at the same time. Would love to discuss with a staff member.
Right, because 695 million for defense is totally worth it.
Unsustainable UNTIL you rein in greedy health insurance corporations and Big Pharma. Focus on the real issues for a change, bud.
Maybe Republicans should stop the Trillions of $ in "defense" and regime change expenses too.

No one ever said a fix would be quick and easy. Oh wait, POTUS did. #Awkward
Maybe if we taxed the top 1% the way they should be (i.e. fairly) the government would have more money to take care of everything.
You know, like paying lobbyists to lobby people like you for tax breaks in a horrible "health" bill?
You're correct.  Maybe it's caused by the insane wealth imbalance in this country due to the rich doing everything they can to dodge taxes?
Let me take a guess. You didn't know the baby boomers were going to get old. Instead of preparing, cut the aid.
States manage use of these services.  Fraud, Waste and Abuse programs must be tightened.  Like employee pilferage, it stops with controls.
Single payer.
https://mobile.twitter.com/ForeverLogical/status/882052010941440000?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw&ref_url=http%3A%2F%2Fforeverlogical.com%2Fhealthcare%2F …
More or less unsustainable than the proposed military spending for the same time period?You don't seem to care that ppl will die.
Unsubstantiated claim from a known liar (you). Move along
States like California ABUSE Medicaid by recruiting Illegal Aliens to spend billions of Fed Tax Dollars!
Like your racist and outdated views of this country.
But we should totally increase military spending, right?  Who owns you?
It's unsustainable b/c you & other GOPers refuse 2 let gov't programs mass negotiate drug prices. U also refuse to acknowledge ppl get sick.
You ever wake up and feel deep shame for how you've sold out your country and constituents? You're supposedly Christian but I don't see it.
Why so?
Maybe you should stop taking lobbyist money from, health insurance, pharma and providers and create legislation which brings cost down.
What is happening in DC now isn't what you have stood for, why are you giving up on your principles?
@gop said the goal was to get something passed? Is that what your job is? Hit political goals? or is it to solve the people's problems?
There have been proposals for financial transaction taxes which estimated to raise 150-350 billion/yr. Could easily pay for these increases.
This shows that YOUR people need this stuff. Focus on the real problem. No make it worse.
So focus on the cost of the underlying healthcare and prescription drugs that people need and not on taking away what the need.
Do u ever say unsustainable about military increases? Ever? We r talking about every man's lives here! Get a grip!
Single payer is the answer.  Gutting insurance for the old, the poor and the disabled is not. #HealthcareBill
Of course the price rises. It's called cost of living
People w/o healthcare is worse. No one in Washington is talking with people who have to move through this system everyday
Mr. Cornyn, I can't wait for the opportunity to vote you out.  Try acting like Mr Ted Cruz,  and you might have a chance.
What is Trump's wall going to cost? Health care would be a much better purchase!
Throwing 32 million people off of health insurance is NOT going to change that. Do some good! Fix the ACA!
Healthcare, but what about the people you were elected to serve? What about the country? #DoYourJob #Shame 2/2
I can't even, Senator. You really need to stop and think about what you're doing. I know you'll be ok because of your pension and 1/2
Working people require assistance due to LOW WAGES. The greedy corporations you represent need to pay a living wage. #EndCorporateWelfare
Your career is unsustainable. #VoteThemOut #GOPKills #TrumpCrimeFamily #liar
JOHN LOOK AT YOUR RATIOS. PPL ARE FED UP WITH YOU AND YOUR BOOTLICKING IN THE SENATE. YOURE A HACK AND WILL BE VOTED OUT.
Status quo tax policies make lots of programs unsustainable. Obstructionists don't know how to govern. Seek help @ townhall mtgs w/experts.
Trump is taking credit for making America 4 trillion dollars richer in 6 months. Spend some on healthcare. https://www.instagram.com/p/BWz90ClgzNv/ 
Throw the old people out in the street. Those with disabilities.  Sucking up all your profit. How could they do this to you? Shame on them.
Figure out a way to fund it or is the math too difficult for you? Draw down military spending and put it towards education and Medicaid.
How much of that $ goes into the pockets of your big pharma buddies? I guess negotiating a better price would be too socialistic for you?
Then vote for clean repeal of OCare and write a replacement that makes since not K street created Ocare light.
I'm sure that money can be siphoned off our outrageous defense spending. Build less bombs and insure more people.
Create infrastructure  jobs by enabling AMERICAN companies.   All those contributions  will fund the programs.
Ok lets posit it's financially unsustainable. Senator, the need is not going away, so whats the plan?  No slogan answers please.
Because why? That's 11 years. Normal inflation at 3% already takes it to $509 billion just to stay even. 650 billion is only a 28% increase.
We know math is hard for Republicans.
You're right. You must go, John. Cronyism and partisan politics from the top down isn't sustainable in a democracy.
Weird how so many other countries can make universal healthcare and we can't. It's as though out lawmakers are owned by special interests
We would save so much if we controlled drug costs & had medicare for all.
So what is your proposal? Pull grannies plug?
Baby Boomers are finally retiring. That is why it will surge.
BCRA is unsustainable, costs more than the qualifying income, and saves zero tax dollars. Your move.  http://fw.to/yXVdZYc 
It would be sustainable if you raised taxes on the wealthy instead of lowering them, maybe cut some of the outrageous military spending.
You are going to charge me FIVE times more and I will be have no insurance for the first time in 60 years! Stop rubbing this in our face!
