Are you caught in the web too?  Still waiting for a town hall
But when you get your new job you will put a stop to any investigation right Go to get that total loyalty card punched for Trump
Well, at least you found out who's leaking highly classified info to the Russians. Are you ready to back the P45-Russia investigation now?
You consented to being interviewed for director of FBI? Surely you see how problematic that is. I thought you had some respect for USA?
What were you thinking, John? It's not an appointment for a politician. Would you have been ok with Obama choosing Hillary?
Neither party should ever choose a politician for that role "just because they can" but ESPECIALLY not during an investigation like this.
You're a co-conspiring traitor.
POTUS has zero credibility right now and so will #SenateGOP if you stay silent. Be loyal to America like y'all claim to be #impeach
What's sad is that most of us aren't in govt & it's clear he colluded.So when you say you DON'T see it,you ONLY look foolish #flushthetoilet
Hard to believe when you're more concerned about leaks than collusion.
Time to step up and put country first. Help get a special prosecutor to look into #TrumpRussiaCollusion
And yet you sit back and do nothing.  Demand a special prosecutor!
Yawn . No proof thus far. Waste of tax dollars and story pumped by Clinton although she was the Russian dealer. We aren't stupid.
Cocaine is a helluva drug. Be careful there, missy.
Were you talking to me? Come closer I can't hear you. And bring snacks. My babies are hungry.
Pathetic
Russia conspiracies wasting our government resources? Yes.
Ha... And more news broke that the cheeto Hitler have highly sensitive intelligence to the Russians in his meeting.
well you will find out it is a lie too
Nope. It's been confirmed by multiple sources -- and the White House is issuing no denials. It's time you folks finally accept the sad fact.
It would move faster if your party actually stopped obstructing.
You haven't even asked a single question about Russia when Yates and Clapper sat before you.  You changed the subject.  You are not serious.
You seem more obsessed with technicality than substance, Senator!
Nixon didn't have a Twitter account. We don't really need Deep Throat this time, with 45 incriminating himself every day. Do your job!
Keep it moving.
Thank you for withdrawing from consideration as FBI director. Firing and replacing with a "friendly" one is not a precedent we want.
Yeah it's amazing how quickly things can move along when you don't actually investigate anything...
I saw another really good story from the post earlier today. You should check it out. #looselipsDonny
When Nixon was under investigation we had a Republican party that still put country before party. Today's GOP is a joke, which is why I left
I left too!  Hope a new rebooted GOP can find a way forward through this mess. GOP needs to rep people not the party.
Yeah, today's GOP is a clubhouse for crackpots, cranks, birthers, and anti-science nuts. Cornyn is just playing to the base.
yeah a base of racists, misogynists, bigots & corporations. Claiming to be Christians but worship only $$$$
I respect your decision to not become FBI Director, despite Senate Intelligence Committee progress please support an independent prosecutor
Fast does not equate to good... so far what I have seen/read is a lot of GOP focus on leaks or Yates unwillingness to defend Immigration Ban
We the people been asking for source of the Russian conclusion, and want a special prosecutor investigating the Russian scandal !!
even faster once you go to the FBI
Despite your best efforts.
But not fast enough.  Our president has clearly demonstrated he can't be trusted.  When will you start considering America's best interests?
Ha! Knew you were on Trumps payroll! Shortlist for FBI director. What a joke. Take the job and get the hell out of Texas
It better move a helluva lot faster, Cowboy! That fool you support is giving away intel and compromising our allies' assets. Dumb!
Thank you.
Wait, I thought it was a "phony narrative", @JohnCornyn?  You'd fit right in with Trump administration.
Not fast enough. How much personnel did u have working on Benghazi?
Trump revealing secrets in Oval Office to Russians - can't move too fast!
HE SHARED CLASSIFIED INFORMATION WITH RUSSIA!!!
Easy to move when u fire everyone that's investigating
So all of your inane questions about 'leaks' seem not to have aged well sir. How about our own @POTUS leaking top secret info to the 's???
So the Comey move is to try to slam some breaks on it? Watergate speed. SMART. Signed, A constituent watching closely in 78751.
When will you get it? We want an #IndependentInvestigation! We don't trust the DT yes men in the Senate to do this.

Exclusive: Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian diplomats in their Oval Office meeting last week http://wapo.st/2pOKFnO 
But, that was a White House of thugs; now we have a White House of Russian agents!
We're turning Texas blue in 2018! I'm any ex Republican thanks to jokes like you and Trump. I may never vote republican again.
If there is something there and it gets covered Americans will have choas in the streets. Believe me
This is bigger than Watergate and you sir, are complacent!
America over party loyalty!
You are normalizing this Administration's corruption. Damn you and the GOP for thinking that dragging it out would be a badge of honor.
You have historical responsibility to find the answers in #Russiagate and protect us from another attack. #FollowtheFacts #Followthemoney
So you get butt-hurt when things are moving fast against your party & not when things are going fast for your party? Gotcha.
It's just that Watergate wasn't outside meddling   a communist plot to destroy us     we are all fearful for our democracy right now
An apt comparison. #Russiagate is likely to have exactly the same outcome. You're an embarrassment to the state of Texas.
You work for #TrumpRussia and should not be considered for #FBI #GOPcoverup
We need an independent investigation!!!
Release trumps taxes to a special prosecutor
Right. Because the smart play here is to look like you're trying to slow the investigation down.
Get the tapes.
Why are tweeting about this. Intimidated by the 2018  election or lying to be favored for the director of FBI
only moving at all due 2 WH stupidity, not due to anyone in GOP supporting it. Not 1 Russia ? for Yates? From u!
We need an independent investigation. You have personally given Trump a pass. He threatened the former FBI director. Where are your values?
Watergate was glacial. Are you bragging it is moving fast? Or complaining it isn't fast enough? Go ask Trump
How quickly do you think it should move? This comparison is totally irrelevant. GOP dug heels in at Watergate also. You'd think you'd learn.
Sessions, Nunes, Chaffetz - your whole party is too compromised to be trusted. We need an independent commission.
Of course not the State of TX AGs.
No thanks to you, hack.
Yet you still find time to ask unrelated question after unrelated question at hearings!
Problem is, no matter who investigates, if they find no collusion Dems will still be in denial. They want distractions as long as possible.
Can the country trust you Sen Cornyn? Because we're sure as hell skeptical & for good reason
We need a #SpecialProsecutorNow why don't you support an independent, trustworthy investigation?
no thanks to you. You live on Trumps teats. You're a puppet to a puppet. Grow a pair.
It has too @POTUS is also moving fast.
Too bad you don't give a damn about helping with that
Good!!!
. @JohnCornyn @pkcapitol I can confirm this.
It damn well should with 44 years worth of advances in technology.
As Watergate investigation took years after break-in, this is not a particularly high bar!  I expect more!
Sharing WAPO article, impressive.  Now, keep up the pace with #TrumpRussiaInvestigation as the country deserves the truth. #CountryB4Party
Imagine how fast it would move if any of your questions in the hearings were about Russia, instead of the leaks themselves.
it's moving fast like a tortoise.
8 out of 10 Americans want an independent prosecutor.
The FBI was not involved at the start plus there was no Loyalty pledge
No worries, when Trump names you FBI Director, you can stop all of that.
We need an independent inquiry now. The water is too muddy to know who is involved or not. You included.
No thanks to you, of course.
@impeach_resist @washingtonpost Are you & your GOP nervous? Hope you have enough Russian money to pay those lawyer fees
Doubt it. U know how those lawyers charge in 15 minute increments. There aren't enough empty trump condos on earf to sell for that
No thanks to you & GOP.  You're enabling his corruption.
Considering your continued unabashed alliance to a treasonous president, you have lost all credibility in my mind.
But you use your committee time to obstruct. So movement is in spite of your outrageous behavior. #DoYourJob
Saw where you are being considered for FBI Director...guess you pass Trump's loyalty test... What a catastrophe for America that would be...
And we applaud them. But it doesn't wash away that the House investigation became a sideshow, and that GOP leadership, including yourself,
Has been more interested in defending the President than investigating him, and in blaming Democrats than looking at the truth. I applaud
Burr but this doesn't get you off the hook for your juvenile tweets and pathetic performance at the Yates hearing.
Thank u for summarizing the devolution of @JohnCornyn. His twitter feed is now #Trumpian in absurdity and his partisanship is alarming.
I just find it amazing that he's now trying to take credit for how fast an investigation is moving that he's obstructed at every step.
They're also not parallel at all. At this point in Watergate, we just thought it was a little break-in. It took years to expose the lengths
They went to to cover it up. This time we know exactly what kind of allegations we're dealing with and Republicans are still trying to drag
Their feet. It's totally unconscionable
What have you done for our country lately? #trumprussia Hold a #TownHall you shameful chickens (no offense to actual chickens).
Lead!  Demand an INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION NOW!
“What did the president know, and when did he know it?” the famous question should have been posed about Obama in many investigations.
If the President were a woman or any minority, the R Party would have been rioting in the street. Silence makes you all complicit.
You must have taken the oath to loyalty,
Are you posting this in an attempt to deflect from or excuse your behavior at the hearing?
It is easier when there is nothing.
Yes, and the investigations are expanding and accelerating thank god https://twitter.com/truefactsstated/status/863720527986348032 … #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrump
Sealed indictments out of Eastern District of Virginia-under Dana Boente. Trump, Manafort and Flynn-among others under sealed indictment.
That's fake news.
Pace seems slow because the stakes are higher. This is a constitutional crisis, institutions are under assault. This must be stopped now.
You are have lost your integrity for not standing up to Trump's  assault on our institutions. Stand up for our Democracy!

If you get in there it will slow down a lot because you are not watching out for us! Texas would love to get him out of Texas but not FBI!!
Hold on Bubba, you're  next.
No thanks to you though. Asking questions off topic in the last hearing and then walking out!
Sessions, Nunes, Chaffetz - your whole party is too compromised to be trusted. 

We need an independent commission.
I agree!
#BREAKING @GOP Senator admits that Russian scandal is a "counterpart" to Watergate!  (In @FoxNews style...)
You have already come to a conclusion without the investigations completion.
It needs to move faster! We have Traitors in White House & Congress. Actions of this administration MORE EGREGIOUS & dangerous!!
You literally asked Sally Yates, while under oath, about his Muslim Travel Ban. You have made your position known.
You seem rather uninformed about the reputation you have developed.
Senator Corning was disrespectful to Sally Yates at the Intel hearings.  Not a good candidate for FBI Director.
He owes her an apology for being disrespectful & he owes Texans an apology for being an embarrassment.
At this point, John, how can we Americans trust your conclusions? The GOP as a body is complicit with crimes.
And he signed to sell our Internet privacy, yet @HouseIntelComm can't get unmasking in time before chaos spreads via @LouiseMensch nutjobs.
But u sure don't want the truth out there.....u won't get ur shot at FBI director if he goes down!
Liar - At least with Watergate the GOP cared about our Democracy & national security.
@MarchForTruth17 @washingtonpost It should!!  We are talking treason, illegitimate presidency and fall of democracy.
It was anyway. Will Trump m's new man take loyalty oath?!
The difference being that this one involves potential TREASON. #Impeach45 #TheResistance
Thanks to the people and the media...Republicans loyalty have created delays
So that's why you were asking questions regarding the Drumpf travel ban? Obstructionist fool.
Maybe it has something to do with the fact that the party in charge of the investigation has an interest in making it go away quickly?
not because of anything you've done. You're a coward, and a hack.
Yea right, like we believe that John.  We don't believe anything that comes out of your mouth.
"Fast" is good; "thorough" is better.
24 hr news cycle & citizen engagement kinda lights a fire, no? Doesn't make your approach less partisan or more truth seeking though.
And you care why? Oh, I get it. The sooner it is over the better??? Careful what you wish for Senator.
until you get in there and obstruct it you partisan hack
Despite all your efforts to impede it!
That investigation took FOREVER.  Don't brag about your turtle race.
Let's hope your name stops coming up for FBI director.  You are a lazy do nothing on Russia.
Comparing it to watergate..as fast...Cornyn..are you on crack today?
he was kicked out..during his SECOND TERM
OMG..put down the pipe
THIS with a democratic HOUSE AND SENATE
an old man like you should remember Watergate a whole lot better, Senator.
