Amazes me how many negative trolls follow you, most of them prob don't live in Tx. They're just nasty & I dismiss them, probably like you do
I'm a Texan and your both worthless!
I'm sorry you feel that way & negativity doesn't help anything. If you tried being positive in your life you might be happier. God Bless!!
I'm not unhappy, just fed up with the entire government and them selling us All out
Yes sir! Left/Right they go to D.C. w little but then come back w $. Probably fight in the open but high 5 in private to keep their system.
I don't think you should be twitting about Syria since you leader is having out top secret info. You are complicit for NOT standing up...
Handing
Read Divid Brooks article then do something, please!!!!
Your President is supporting this. Don't stand by silent. Impeach.
Almost as bad as all the people congress is willing to kill without healthcare. That doesn't bother you.
Why are you posting #FakeNews ? #Coward
The person in charge of our country isn't fit or loyal enough to the USA to handle this. IMPEACH ALREADY!!!!
The Sr Senator representing Tx isn't fit or loyal enough to handle this either! #COUNTRYB4PARTY #BlueWave2018 #DoYourJob #GonnaCostUYourSeat
And your BFF #Trump is sharing classified secrets w\Assad's chief enabler, Putin.
It seems u all will NoT b happy until u cause WWlll! Asad protects the Christians & It Is His Country! But we want his oil & land don't we!!
What came first, the US military industrial complex or this?
@JohnCornyn Your constituents want to know your position on the Washington Post story, which POTUS appears to have confirmed this morning.
No word from WH? Atrocities abound in the world & they no longer look to us for help. Since 45 loves Putin, MBZ, UAE, Erdogan-see a pattern?
Oh and turn your damn fax machine on since your phones also seem to not be working.....cowardly to not want to hear from your constituents/
Join us today for #ResistTrumpTuesdays @JohnCornyn 's Houston office.  11:30-1. 5300 Memorial Dr.  Every Tuesday
Wish I could be there, but I live in North East Texas and have to work.  Thank you for your efforts on behalf of Texas Democrats.
What Are U doing about Donald wrecking your Party & our Nation?Why r none of U worried to death? We are. It seems like a Coup in the making
Anything about the famine in Yemen and surrounding nations because of our support to the Saudi coalition? Maybe once it harms our oil supply
GOP needs to go you are embarrassing Texas with you lack of condemnation!  Grow some BALLS and do your job, you make me sick!!
And .@realDonaldTrump shared classified with their ally! and you senator support him!
you have no credibility .Trader to your own country! Trump is so ignorant  it is frighting.
So how about those leaks to Russia by our damn president? No comment?!
Hi John. President Trump handing out classified info to Russians like candy. Your thoughts?
Comb over facts about sharing secret information with the Russians. Way to throw an ally, Israel, under the bus!
R these the same sources that said Hillary would win & that Iraq had WMDs? As a Conserv.Rep 4 yrs, I just don't believe u guys anymore!
Republicans hiding mass killing of Democracy, U.S. says. Do your job and #ImpeachTrump he has committed treason!
Good thing your boy Trump supports Syria's only major ally.

The world deserves better than these despots.
Like I tell my kids, speak up now &  consequences won't be as bad. Remain quiet & u will receive the full wrath b/c we will get 2 the truth!
Old news
Thank you for posting this, Senator.
At best, you are complicit in the unraveling of our democracy.  STAND UP TO TRUMP.  You cannot let this continue. Independent Investigation!
Gee...thanks for sharing!

Question? What are you doing to protect your constituents from a President who is leaking information to Russia?
Did @realDonaldTrump tell you that during your meeting with Syria's allies?
Your worried about another country and your potus you defend leaked info to russia?!?! #DOYOURJOB #fakesenator
But yeah, lets keep trying to bar their refugees from entering the country. You are so tone deaf.
Combing over the facts about Trump giving extreme classified information to Russia? Loyalty to Trump first??
The Russian Foreign Minister called to say that Trump thinks you're easily manipulated.
Good thing it's quiet here.
.@JohnCornyn No comment? It must be too hard to simultaneously lick Trump's butt & say what Trump did is a threat to our national security.
Not turning a blind eye to Russia would be an excellent step in the right direction.
You have a choice.  Representing Texas and the USA or continuing to blindly support @POTUS (a life long democrat) and the GOP. Speak up
What's your comment on 45 telling secrets to the Russians? The country is less safe and you allow this? His is incompetent and you're ok!
White House hiding mass misinformation, lies, and perhaps treason. Situation in Syria is tragic, but let's focus on America first. #treason
Send your children, that'll show em!
President hiding treason.
Yes, an atrocity. Now, put country over party and address the atrocity sitting in the oval office. Obama DID NOT do this.
And Trump is killing off our allies.
What is TRUMP going to do to stop these atrocities @MSNBC
Anything else goin on you wanna talk about?
Hurricane season is almost here?
So many unanswered questions, and our Senator is silent.
Hope Donny tries out his "5th Ave shooter" theory in delusional break already suffering, conflates Graham/Cruz & shoots you on Senate floor
Why were the Russians allowed in WH? They're not our friends. Why wasn't our press allowed in the meeting? Comments, Senator?
Why is Trump admitting he gave #Russia our most sensitive secrets? Because he knows the Republican leadership WILL. DO. NOTHING.
This is scary! But DT sharing secrets with our enemy is scarier! You must act! We need hero's! Country over party!!
When will you hold 45 accountable for his actions? You are silent on all things Trump-Texans will remember. Silence=approval.
So I guess we're supposed to assume your silence on Trump & giving info to Russia means you're okay with it? But HRC's emails! Am I right?
While that's awful, your President is committing high crimes and misdemeanors.  Look homeward and do your duty.  You took an oath
Hypocrite! You can have answering machines for calls, turn your fax machine off, expect daily post cards...you cannot hide from this crisis
Normally I'd think this is a great topic for you to explore (for a change), but you've got bigger fish to fry, John. Where's your spine?
Stop deflecting & Do Your Job! The people have a right to know what's going on. #independentProsecutor #TrumpMustResign
This is horrifying. But Trump leaking Intel to Assad's ally is not helping the situation. Why aren't you DEMANDING T's resignation?
On the Russian payroll
Senator, why are your fax machines unplugged?  Don't want to talk to your constituents?
Pic of missing spine of most GOP elected leaders should be on side of milk cartons. Last seen Oct 2016. Abducted by a man wearing red tie.
very very funny
Oh good, you're up. Yeah, we're not going to let your President (R-Traitor) off the hook.
Amazing that you have no comment on Trump leaking....you are a partisan hack.
And who is Syria's ally? The dude your president disclosed classified intelligence to.
Impeach Trump
Why are you tweeting about alleged mass killings by the Syrian gov., but never about known mass civilian murders by the "Syrian Rebels"?
Do you think deflecting for POTUS will get you that FBI gig? You are carrying water in a bucket full of holes.
U took the side of Trump the Russia was a hack story that the Dems made up. Sir, u have no creditability & u want 2 b the next FBI Dir! NO!
Up early working on your Executive Order questions for IC Rosenstein hearings? Please just waive your time and avoid embarrassing Texas.
Is the "failing" NYT now not fake news, John? Have you started to think for yourself? Defend our democracy now.
Gee anything to chg the story...Cronyn stand up & quit protecting Trump...speak out about current info regarding him...call him out! LEAD
@tedcruz Ted/John: what will it take? Every day a new law broken. Will he nuke NK to ger this violation off front page?
Wait so you DO care about life's in Syria? Man this keeps getting more and more confusing.
If you do NOTHING to stop Trump's treason then you become a traitor as well. DO YOUR JOB, CORNYN!!!!
John Cornyn and the GOP are hiding Trumps collusion with Russia, says  @washingtonpost
The president already told me this last week when I was hanging out in the Oval Office.
