Important to remember. Republican leadership did not have the votes to pass authorization in 2013.  They didn't bring to the floor.
Yawn! Please quit trying to distract us. When's the next Senate Intel. hearing on #TrumpRussia & who's testifying?
Libtards think we are stupid. They think if they keep spewing lies it will make it so. Filthy liars. #liberals
There is no strategy now! How can you not admit to that? Trump's "policy" changes from moment to moment! How can you be so partisan!?
No, John. Republican obstructionism at its very worst.
...and Trump has a strategy? Lol.
Oh bullshit John. There was more strategy then than now. YOU just did not want a Negro Democrat getting credit, and you know it.
@GOP still has no strategy, 2571 days on healthcare for #Trumpcare & #Failure , just assumed full control would get anything passed, sad
Please explain why you saw no strategy from Obama in 2013, but you do here?
All reports indicate congress not looped in on strike, is that part of strategy?
Is your partisan hackery part of the strategy as well or just a happy byproduct?
Seriously. This guy motivates me with every fiber of my body to actively campaign against him in every way.
Then instead of endorsing the presidents actions maybe wait hear the strategy? Sadly you endorsed without a strategy.
Dude, stop.  You're embarrassing yourself. Your hypocrisy & juvenile tweets are unbecoming of a US Senator.
Well that clarifies it.  Did Trump let you see his secret Syria strategy?  Is that going to go better/worse than the secret healthcare bill?
Trump has no strategy. Republicans = hypocrisy
Are you talking about the current admin then yeah I agree they have no strategy.
Is this status your next campaign slogan? Johnny. Always one step ahead. #lastterm
#TrumpRussian is a defined strategy
Jackass
Hypocrite!  There's no strategy now!  You opposed because you opposed everything Obama tried to do.
Great response. You're a real statesman and leader. How about hosting a town hall and responding to the people to whom you're accountable?
Of course he didn't give a strategy 'cause you would've beat @BarackObama upside the head with it.
@jrpsaki so...how about explaining this foreign policy strategy. Whatever he feels like at any moment. And you endorse it.
Congress s/h worked w/the President to create one instead of letting Russia in & Assad create millions of refugees & mass murder Syrians.
You are a joke now. Just stop.
This strategy is an excellent topic to discuss at a town hall. When are you holding one?
Do you believe that your tweets make you look smart?  If so,  you should discuss it with a professional 
#LastTermCornyn
The strategy is "No Obama.  Yes trump"
Knee jerk reactions of 45 shouldn't be mistaken as strategy. #DoYourJob #TrumpRussiaCollusion #Impeach45 #resist
Is there strategy now? Has the President outlined a plan beyond that air strike?
I have to agree with you. 45 has no strategy for anything, and he's going to stumble us into a war.  U support him, so blood on ur hands.
Oh and you think there is one now?Another 45 debacle!!Base was cleared by Russians and NOW they are flying and bombing, 12 hrs and 75M later
Self-serving drivel. Too little too late.
....was needed was an announcer for his show. Ignore the clown and do your job. You are on Senate IC. Investigate.
Did someone set you to dazed and confused? Are you truly that clueless? The airstrip is operational. The Russians were warned. All that..
@jrpsaki another do nothing excuse from you.
And Mr. Trump came up with a strategy in 72 hours after completely reversing on his campaign promises? And it is...?
You support a man who doesn't know how government works and shows no interest in learning how it works.  Sad.
What is @POTUS strategy now? Your hypocrisy is showing!
@FoxNews The AUMF goes back to 2001, they could possibly have broadened it, but because they didn't it would not reach the Syrian Government
...If they had renewed the AUMF in 2014-2015 they would have expanded it beyond the original one to meet ISIL(S) threat..
...Thus unless the Syrian Government was involved in the 2001 attack, they wouldn't be within the AUMF..
No balls.
No everyone needs to remeber this in 2020 and vote John Cornyn out !
@jrpsaki And they did try because Obama was a Democrat. @indivisibletxjc @politico
And spend like an hour or two to talk to your constituents instead of posturing in DC.  I actually voted for you.  Never again.
lol. Yeah. Cause @realDonaldTrump has proven his is awesome at strategy.  Come on. Responses like this are why the GOP is fractured.
And what there is one this time???
@jrpsaki u r nothing more than a hack that thinks of not her country but her party which is despicable ur the last person that ppl listen 2
Allowing the refugees into the country > banning/bombing them.
@jrpsaki Not "no strategy" - more partisanship by the Republican party!
@GOP strategy: Lie, cover,steal, and lie about doing it. They would rather destroy America than admit they're wrong
The only thing Trump cares about is raising his pathetic approval ratings.
It didn't have Republican support either. Give me a break.
You're saying you opposed it because there was no strategy, but you support dropping tomahawks when you don't know the next step? Clown show
I was told once Sir, you were a humble man, worked hard, loved America and not vindictive, I emailed that person today & called him a liar.
Notifying Syria and Russia that you're going to do a show bombing is a strong strat. Trump's strategy was to take attention off Russia.
Throughout the entire Obama administration, he refused to listen to the generals and focus grouped his responses to any transgression. #MAGA
Could you clarify for me 1. what @POTUS strategy is currently; and 2. What this has to do with violating the War Powers Resolution? Thanks.
Why don't we wait and see if the bombing Syria message was a good idea for Trump and America. It changed nothing in Syria.
That's right. Giving Obama more power would have been foolish. He had shown himself to be weak. Under new president AUMF can be considered.
You clearly have no Twittter strategy cause you pop off all the time with ridiculous Tweets like this one.
Would you care to elaborate Senator? Would you care to discuss the missle strike and your xenophobia as it applies to Syrian refugees?
Yes John we the people believe EVERYTHING you say.
What's the long term strategy in Syria if you block refugees? Please set an example in the international community with your day-after plan.
Who has no strategy? The current administration? Republicans in general? Speak up, we can't hear you.
