To do what? Is it a secret? We can know your city but not your final stops? Back to the game show guessing.
A lot of whiny baby losers out there.  How about getting off your a** and earning a voice in your government?  being doesnt make u relevant
Tell them why you voted against Chump showing us his taxes please. Oh, oh...and why you're holding up the #trumprussia investigation. Thx.
And why you voted to sell out internet history
When are you holding a Dallas town hall, coward?
Holding Town Halls with ur constituents? That would be novel.....
I hope you aren't flying United.  You might get dragged off the plane.
When I call your office and ask about a town hall your staff says they don't know your schedule, WEAK! 
When will you be in Houston?
Is it true that you're afraid to meet with your constituents because of your embarrassing record.  Are you just a member of the club?
when will you be in Austin?
Great! When and where will your town halls be held?
Oh - so are these town halls?
We call, we write, but you never answer. You only hang out w/the rich "popular" kids. You're just not that into us. It's over.
holding town halls with constituents? Because we haven't heard of any.
Dallas office phone is only taking messages. What are the odds someone will actually call me back to say where in FW you are going ro be?
#TownHall?   Oh, that's right. You only meet with your big $$ donors, not the people who you actually work for.
Townhalls???
I can't find anything on your website about a townhall in Ft Worth today.  Tell me where u will be & I will come to meet you!
A town hall in Collin County would be nice too
Hi person who writes Johnnys Tweets... could you please lean over and ask him when /where he will be holding his Town Hall?

Thanks
Hey a townhall would be nice. Your constituents have concerns. It would be in your best interest to at least pretend to give a damn.
Cornyn thinks Trump "is like a really smart person" and believes he was sent by God to MAGA 
Geez, who would want to meet with you guys? You're all so angry and never ask me to be on TV.
You meeting with constituents?? Or just those that donate??  I donate to your pay check and your benefits with my tax dollars!!
Why don't you just go to moscow?
To speak with your people or to get a fake ass picture with a hand chosen group of people?
Where and when are you coming to Fort Worth? @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @JCDEMSTX @dallasnews
I would like to know too.
Whose money will you be taking this time?
Austin is right between those 2!  We would love to see you for a Town Hall!  Please take the time to see someone other than lobby groups
Comrade, what are you planning to spend my tax dollars on ? @txlege @texastribune @dallasmorningnews @Chronnews @statesman @TXDemWomen 
You mean for townhalls, right?
Where will you be in FW?
Thank your for the transparency, now we would like all of your browser and medical data, and we want to make sure we make money off it
Please just drive through Fort Worth and look. No need to get out and NOT add value.
A working vacation. Good to see. Wish it was in DC with the other 99 though.
A brief interlude with your corporate sponsors before you actually meet with the constituents you so "proudly serve"?
Such a big boy, taking a trip! Don't forget to pack a snack.
How about every one of you go back to DC and stop the maniac in office?  Unless you are involved in all the crap surrounding him?
The proper name is Fort Worth.
lunch w my mom and I at @Press_Cafe_FWTX tomorrow? So good, you'll love it 
What for?  Town halls?  Visiting nieces?  Checking out the local Arby's?  Fundraisers?

Anything open to the public?
And you still have NOT scheduled a single  #TownHall ? Shame on you!
Is that where trumps taxes r?  Why won't trump release his taxes? Release Trump's taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influenc
Will you be holding townhalls?
Town hall?
Safe travels tomorrow Sen @JohnCornyn !
For your first town hall? Fantastic! Wait, no? Do your job! #hearourvoices #DoYourJob #TownHall
Man, lot of the people you work for asking for a #townhall.  I guess you are ready for a new career.
If being an elected official means I'd have to go to San Angelo, I'd prefer to stay in the private sector
For a #TownHall @JohnCornyn?
For town halls or meetings with your corporate owners?
Having a townhall???
Q:For a town hall, or meeting with just donors? A: Donors
Couldn't possibly come to Austin!
Thanks for the warning
You having a town hall? Or you just meeting with your comrades?
when and where are the town halls?
Looking for an acceptable place to wear your pussy hat?
Who will you be speaking to?
Foros!!!
when are you going to have a town hall in Austin?  Your constituents want to be heard.
Would love to see you in my neck of the woods. Please post list of days and times you will be available to ALL constituents.
Come visit Ft Hood for a town hall. We'd love to have you.
Just in time for some wind and hail Senator
what a coward #goptownhall
I'm ur constituent, Trump needs to go now. He's making you & GOP look stupid.
In all fairness to Trump, he has help from the GOP reps themselves.
Go a couple hundred more miles north, and stay.
I live in the Panhandle of Texas. Don't send Cornyn here to stay.
Lol. Thinking Oklahoma. I would never wish that on any fellow Texan.
holding any #TownHall s
Look at you taunting your constituents who repeatedly ask for town halls. Ha! They should know by now they are too poor for you!
#TownHalls #TownHalls #TownHalls #TownHalls
#TownHalls #TownHalls #TownHalls #TownHalls
#TownHalls #TownHalls #TownHalls #TownHalls
????????
He's a COWARD
Where are your town halls going to be? You know, with regular non millionaire Texans? Oh, that's right...you think we're beneath you.
Back from the alternative universe where denying people insurance is considered "pro life"?
Please be sure to visit Goodfellow AFB! They would appreciate the visit/support. @usairforce
Town hall in Fort Worth?
When is San Antonio on your agenda?
