Our president disrespects the flag everyday by being compromised by Russia.
False narrative , I'm not sure how our country can have so many blind morons
How is this a false narrative?
Instead of being unbiased in your commentary, your politics are crystal clear. Be outraged for our country, national culture not your party
Maybe you should support Americans who find peaceful ways to protest the institutionalized injustice against them.
your argument for disrespecting @potus is an unproven allegation. Your means of protest will alienate every veteran in US. Destroy NFL for 0
Most veterans disagree with you. My brother included.
About kneeling for the national anthem, disrespecting the office of  President? The veterans I know think there are better ways to protest
Racism dishonors the country and the flag more
You've never lived through real racism. Crying whiner that fights for imagined problems. Talk to someone that grew up in the sixties
I grew up in the 60's. What do u have to say?
Did you live in MS? Do you live through riots? Did you live through integration & learn about real racism. I tired of this fake outrage
Hey Dep-Zero! Yep born/grew up in MS in 50's & 60's. Mom civil rights activist. Dad Army/Full Bird Col.This outrage isn't fake #TakeTheKnee
Good for you. You seem to be internet of others viewpoints & what is offensive. Just keep on your course & worsen the racial divide
Don't waste energy on this bot- block  he doesn't even spell check
Looking at your profile I can see that you are a direct contributor to the downfall of our society. Teacher,liberal = indoctrination marxist
Wasting your time. group of whining trolls upset over something they have never experienced.  grow up in MS in 1960.reopening racial divide
Things that disrespect the flag (1/?):

- Trump
- Russian interference in our election
- Repubs trying to take away healthcare
Things that disrespect the flag (2/?):

- Reps' offices not answering phones to listen to constituents
- the Confederate flag
Things that disrespect the flag (3/?):

- White supremacy
- White supremacists being called "very fine people" by POTUS
Things that disrespect the flag (4/?):

- Nazis in the presidential administration
- Confederate monuments built to marginalize our citizens
Things that disrespect the flag (5/?):

- Police killing unarmed black men
- Black people being incarcerated at a higher rate than whites
Things that disrespect the flag (6/?):

- Repeal of DACA
- The "wall"
- MAGA
- Unequal pay
- Rape culture
- "What were you wearing?"
Things that disrespect the flag (7/?):

- Brock Turner
- Sexist school dress codes
- Reversing rules on campus sexual assault investigations
Things that disrespect the flag (8/9):

- YOU and other Republicans saying that exercising free speech disrespects the flag
Cronyn:  I have no original thoughts worth sharing.
Says white guy....
Did you not read the Constitution before you swore to uphold it?
Don't even attempt to normalize Trump's behavior. You are equally part of the problem and not the solution. Please retire for the good of TX
You are full of shot johny bou
Where were you when trump was disparaging McCain's or Khazir Khan?
They.are.protesting cops killing black people. I think that's something we can get behind, don't you? #take the knee
"No refuge could save the hireling or slave from the terror of night" So disrespectful.
Cornyn n @realDonaldTrump protesting a protest against police brutality on nonwhites speaks volumes 2 their views on race. #VoteoutCornyn
What about Jackie Robinson, who served as lieutenant in segregated U.S. Army. This is from preface to his autobiography:
This is what fighting for our constitutional rights looks like! This is what our military has fought for! You just don't like it!
Good to see you continue to pander to trump’s base.
You and that man in the White House disrespect our flag more everyday than these incredible athletes could ever do. Enough @JohnCornyn! 
They're not protesting against the flag, dumkoff. They're protesting racism in America. Can't you republicans understand that?
It's really disappointing that in all these years you still just aren't good at your job of knowing how the gov and constitution work.
Easy for you to say as a privileged white man. You just donate it.
1/ Again, concerning yourself w/the APPEARANCE of the protest instead of the REASON for it. #TaketheKnee is not about the flag or the
2/ anthem. It is about racism in this country. I spent a LOT of years in uniform protecting the rights of ALL citizens to peacefully protest
3/ and I will continue to protect and support whomever takes a knee until racism in this country is eradicated.
Boy, an original thought is beyond your capabilities.
I am turning off the tv for NFL games.
They aren't protesting flag. They R protesting racial injustice. Military fought 4 their right to protest.
They aren't protesting the flag you willingly obtuse charlatan. Why don't you talk to your supporters who fly the confederate flag
You don't want people who can think critically and that have the drive & motivation to change things. You want blind loyalty.
SHUT. UP. 

#TakeaKnee #1A #BLM #WhiteSupremacistHouse
We have a deranged President whose tweets are bringer us closer and closer to nuclear annihilation and this is what concerns you?!
Respect is a 2-way street. If blacks are being persecuted, do you really expect them to respect the cntry & leaders doing that to them?
You're not helping anything. I can't wait to vote against you!
Maybe listen to what they're saying? And realize they aren't protesting the flag at all?
So you speak up against #peacefulprotest, but have been silent on all @realDonaldTrump nasty tweets: looser #McCain rapist #mexicans, etc?
Not only that what about the Native Americans who were forced to live on reservations in remote places that aren't even on Google maps
It's really not about the flag or anthem, it's about our racists in the WH, get educated, i come from a military fam and i agree with NFL
You really don't understand any of this, do you?
#draftdodgerinchief #pussygrabberinchief didn't serve because he had "bone spurs"
What's disrespectful is how u treat TX voters & proudly vote 2 take away their healthcare. Think we're not watching? Wrong. Here comes 2020
distorted narrative. Flag reps the right 2 protest wrongs. Amer blt on protest: Tea Party-a radical act. Hence FF's: Constit right 2 protest
Mr. Cornyn, sit down, shit up, delete your account!
Ain't it funny Russians trolls are using this to divide us - and Trump started it!  Now you are promoting it Senator
Also when are we gonna have a town hall coward?
I served so that we would all have the right to exercise free speech...and more. respect? must be earned every day.
So what do you call it when someone cuts a hole in the flag so they can where it as a poncho? Or is it OK when a future GOP senator does it?
Why don't you care about 1st amendment rights?
They're NOT protesting the flag. It's not that hard -they're protesting inequalities like black people getting shot by police. See?
When you starting tweeting about this....let us know
You can thank @POTUS for taking this to a new level.
But cops killing innocent black children is honorable patriotism?
Disrespect? Coming from a man who sells his senate vote and protects a traitor that is illegitimately in the WH? You’re an embarrassment.
Sorry it does not as a daughter of a WWII vet and a sister of a marine vietnam vet! Draft dodging is the ultimate disrespect like Trump!
What’s with the weird punctuation? And no. It’s our 1st Ammendment right. Police brutality disrespects those who fought for our country.
That’s bs and you know it. You’re not stupid like Herr Trump.
Soldiers sacrifice their lives to protect civilians from needless harm; providing food, shelter, & guidance. We didn't sacrifice for a flag.
The Constitution gives us first amendment rights something you seem to care little about
Well, it's not the 2nd Amendment and that appears to be the only one @GOP cares about.
Yes only the 2nd Amendment matters to the GOP If NFL playesr came to the games with a gun The GOP would cheer and support them
No they would be calling them thugs
Do you get your ass out of bed every morning and salute the flag? Doubt it.
You know what disrespects the flag? Draft dodgers like trump and people like you.
Not respecting all Americans regardless of race religion or creed desrespects all of us military and civilian

Hey Sports Guys, here's a compromise: stand during the National Anthem, but do "air quotes" during the "land of the free" part.
No it does not.
Soldiers took an oath defend the Constitution, not the flag or the anthem. They literally died so that others could peacefully protest.
I'm sorry that you've never dealt with oppression before
All due respect to the Adm. but he couldn't be more wrong both about what's being protested and why those who sacrificed did so. #TakeAKnee
Players aren't taking a knee against the flag. Don't spread that lie.
It's better to kneel in protest than stand for injustice.
You're trying to deprive millions of  Americans of healthcare, so you're an expert on disrespect, but don't try to school us on sacrifice.
Don't pretend you don't understand. You know they're not anti-flag or anti-America. They're anti-police brutality and injustice.
Things that disrespect the flag. #AllThingsTrump
Are you talking about these soldiers? Please clarify
Russian traitor
You don't even know what this protest is about. SAD!

What is bad is two of those who fought were my uncle who died and my grandpa who came home and had to fight to exist. "YOUR EXPERIENCE??"
you are a fool and a liar

No. What is does is bring attention 2 systematic murder of unarmed black men by cops. 1st Amendment Rights our military fight to protect.
Here is some help for you:  they are NOT disrespecting the flag, nor the brave men and women that fought to protect the constitution.
Did you serve, Senator?
You're spreading a false narrative and you know it. You're ridiculous.
It would be more disrespectful to those who fought for our rights, if we failed to use them.
^^ This
how can you not "get it"?? THIS is the reason that people DO sacrifice their lives. freedom of speech. civil disobedience. #TakeAKnee
That's your opinion, but many US veterans have stated that this type of protest #TakeTheKnee is 1 of the rights they've been fighting for.
It is a "right" to do it on THIER time & dime!
NOT on the clock of employer! Employers condone it at your peril!
That's right, u didn't serve ur country did u Senator? U'll have to take words of Vets on twitter 2day who #TakeAKnee & respect 1st amendmnt
It's a football game not a military exercise!
Another republican racist
Oh... you're from Texas. The state that strips women of their right to choose, right to birth control & low cost health care. Shut up.
Nothing beats your disrespect to dead soldiers who died so citizens could have the right to protest.
John, go move to Russia. Dotard.
It's a free country which means we are also free to disrespect whatever we want to. Trump needs to shut up and you too
The flag is a symbol. The sacrifice was for the country which was founded on the Constitution.(Read 1st amendment )
actually, its called the first amendment

it's part of that thing that they sacrificed for
So every disable person even those who lost legs in war are disrespecting the flag?
This isn't about the flag, this is about your racism & thinking blacks don't know their place. The flag doesn't have feelings.
They are NOT protesting the flag!  They are protesting social unjustice.  Quit trying to change the subject.
If you think it's about the flag ur a part of the problem w/o what it symbolises it's just a meaningless cloth
And you served in the military in ...  disrespect is not listening and not working to solve serious racial issues in US
U must be living in a different world than most of us average Americans. I don't think I've seen ur tweets criticizing POTUS.
You know damn well they aren't protesting the flag. They're protesting racial injustice under a flag that's supposed to represent equality.
U a bum. And a stupid one at that. That is not the reason for the protest. History is watching you.
No it doesn't. Has nothing to do with the troops. It has to do with police brutality.
The protest is against discrimination. You know what is don't you. You practice it daily.
They made sacrifices to protect people's rights and freedoms...like the ability to #TakeAKnee in protest for inequality.
Mmm, let me see. Does that include the DACA kids who volunteered to serve? How about the African-Americans? Not in Trump world.
Instead of attacking this fake problem, why not open a Congressional Committee to address problems of racial injustice by police?
@Lawrence @JoeNBC As a vet I support McRaven right to protest. McRaven is not disrespecting anyone served and die for.
If taking a knee is disrespectful so is this.
Oh man. So much this. Let's blow this up! #trump #Resist #Resistance #TrumpTheBum #NFLSunday #impeachTrumpnow #1stAmendment #TakeAKnee
It's not "protest to the flag," and it's telling that you have to avoid mentioning what it is about to criticize it.
Another pretend pious poser.
Ppl.who protest any injustice are just as patriotic as you. Love their country and want everyone to be equal . That's what we fought for.
The song wasn't adopted as a tribute to the military nut out of what started as a contest. This is beyond stupid... And way beneath you.
or your continued support of our president's "values" now that's what I call disrespectful

Great John you're finally starting to show your true racist self.  #TakeAKnee
Let's recap, your upset that people are protesting the players who are protesting, your ok with that. 
peaceful protests are a right per your guy
That I can't argue with it's the narrative I have a problem with.
Being supportive of a president that sold our country to a hostile foreign country disrespects the American flag.
I will be so happy to vote you out at first opportunity. You have tied your horse to a white supremacist so you and that pisser Cruz gone!!!
Sir, http://www.military.com/flag-day/us-flag-code.html …, please point out to what you are responding .
Sir, have you seen the tweets from veterans who do not see #TakeAKnee as disrespecting their service? Also :1A
You don't get to own patriotism while Trump is in office. Or ever.
It's disrespectful to the Constitution to have a sitting POTUS threaten the freedom of speech of any American.
The players forefathers built this country FYI!!
You are elected official. You could advance legislation that reduces police violence, the real issues they are protesting.

The fallacy in your argument:
Those who sacrificed for this country did so exactly for this reason: freedom of speech AND expression so STOP
So does refusing to exercise the rights given to you by those who sacrificed to make this country what it is today, when you see injustice.
As you and your president believe, we need to #MAGA...same logic back at you.  What a disrespect to those who died to get us here.
Racist
Soldiers & team mates take a knee on the field weather it football field or battle field in honor & respect of the fallen get ur FACTS right
As one who served...NO.
You're wrong. 
Prohibiting free speech disrespects those who served/sacrificed.
Exercise free speech=why we served
Discuss
Those that survived are speaking up for the right to #TakeTheKnee. All rights and freedoms MUST BE DEFENDED!
Flag reps ALL #TakeTheKnee says peacefully/respectfully something wrong we need 2 acknowledge/address, 1A Senatorsmh
How about senators not holding town halls?

Disingenuous pablum, the protest is  against Radicalized Police Violence and Institutionalized White Supremacy and you know it. #Shame
BTW, not protesting the flag. Protesting police brutality against people of color.
As a veteran he does not disrespect me. He is using his rights as perscribed by the constitution.
You being in the senate is disrespect to the American way
Absolutely not. As a veteran, their right to protest is exactly the freedom I served to protect. Fuck a flag, innocent Americans are dying.
It wasn't a protest to the flag.  It wasn't against Vets, It was against INJUSTICE. Are you PRO INJUSTICE?  Don't you support the 1st Amend?
Bullshit. I'm a Veteran, and I love seeing Americans exercise their first amendment rights.
Seriously?
1 you didn't serve, he did
2 you've forgotten what freedom means
3 you've forgotten your job is to protect all Americans' rights.
Catch up, Senator. That is not what this is about.
Hey but strike up the band we know have a know white supremacist living in our white house while taxpayers support him 4 being a traitor smh
minority vets also fought and they still face racism.  At least their fight ensures the right to protest the treatment they get
They're not protesting the flag.
NO THEY AREN'T! Concentrate on making Americans HEALTHIER rather than what that moronic CIC is saying! @wonderfullone @AnthonyFolsomSr
that is exactly why they sacrificed, so we are free to do just that.  First amendment
It is not about protesting the flag. Never was.Protesting a racist system in hope to change for better!
Wrong
Using the military as an excuse for racism is what is disrespectful.
They're NOT disrespecting the American flag! It's a peaceful protest against racial injustice & racial inequality.

Pay Attention son!
Americans get the message---loud and clear.
Those who sacrificed actually did so for the exact purpose of protecting our rights to protest our govt peacefully. Not for blind allegiance
You are deliberately obtuse.
Disrespect is shooting unarmed black folks,getting a paid vacation, a go find me worth millions as punishment and tax payers paying millions
First amendment allows you to hide behind dead soldiers, dude.
The flag isn't what my soldier ancestors sacrificed for. It's fabric. The Constitution is what they have fought to defend from Revolution on
If some veterans feel disrespected, it doesn't mean I can't exercise my rights. My rights are from the constitution, not from the military.
I think respecting the Confederacy is far far worse than any peaceful protest.
I don’t know how someone so willfully stupid and/or malicious is allowed to serve in our senate! #TakeAKnee
Can you educate yourself before you talk please.  It's embarrassing how little intellect you have to have to be in congress
They sacrificed so its possible to protest. This isnt about the flag, its about  the wrongful loss of life,  refusal to face and address it.
@JohnCornyn Another racist who's trying to protect the plantation mentally.The world is tired of your hatred and double standards. Sit. Down
McRaven is using a peaceful 1st amendment right given to us who fought for it.
& it's their guaranteed free speech right to be disrespectful if they so choose.Enough of this!
Uh no...They swore an oath to defend the constitution, not the flag. The constitution guarantees freedom of speech and peaceful protest.
John please seek a medical professional immediately, you are displaying textbook stroke symptoms in this psychotic, supremely shitty tweet
Let those that served decide if it's disrespectful Johnny!
I'm a combat Veteran & I say let @Kaepernick7 take a knee if he damn well wants to. It's the America I fought for. What the hell did you do? 
You really are clueless, aren't you?
the right argues 4 politically correctness in face of the kneeling controversy. has the right changed its mind toward pc? black&white issue
This is why they #TakeAKneeNFL
Actually it really doesn't  disrespect those who fought for this country! They fought to preserve our freedoms including peaceful protest!
Do you even know how & why this country was founded? You are as willfully ignorant as you are purposefully arrogant.
Silent protest during Anthem (4 > 50 yrs) is an appeal to make it stand for what it's supposed to stand for, THAT's what people died for!
They not protesting the flag. It's police profiling and murdering African Americans.
Write some legislation that fights for justice and equality and we might listent to you. We don't think you stand for any of that though.
Waving a confederate flag, now that's disrespectful to the American flag.
It appears you don't know why soldiers were fighting.
It appears you don't know why players are kneeling.
Shut up and pay attention to POC.
You sold your soul to the Koch brothers and you want to lecture others on what is disrespectful to the country. You're able to be bought.
have you co sponsored SB 339? To give military widows the money the government is stealing from them every month?No,you haven't #Hypocrite
Cheapshot, Senator.  Patriotism, scoundrels and all that.
Texas voter here 77584 - who can't wait for 2020 - I'll give you one guess why!!!
