I'll help!
I'll make an exception!  . Cornyn and Cruz need to go away!
Exactamundo!!!   
Good God. Your spelling is worse than your understanding of health care.
Also, that's the most banal cloud photo ever, and your metaphor is tired. And, Cassidy-Graham will strip health insurance from 32 million.
good God can people give it a rest for one tweet? I mean I get it... but still
No, we can't. Access to health care keeps people like me off of disability & paying taxes. This bill would kill that access. #ProtectOurCare
I'm 100% on your side. I hope the tweet attacks make a difference. I have my doubts.
We all have doubts, but when everything we have is on the line, we can't listen to them. Can't get tired. Can't afford to lose this fight.
Them clowds are Incredabble.
Otherwise known as the money Texas is attempting to steal from Calfornia via Graham-Cassidy. Insure your own people you moochers!
Pretty pic. My #autistic nephew likes clouds, too. How are you ensuring he and others have the best possible education and therapies?
Like anything else in life, trial & error. As long as they're loved, it will all work out.
There's no lack of love. - I adore him! But proven behavioral therapy isn't something that is guaranteed for him or any of his peers.
New at this, my son was just diagnosed with ASD high funct. So all we can do is try different things & c what's works for him. Trial & error
Your son should have access to an ABA certified therapist. My nephew has grown so much thru @ComRelations
We're going through the process now of getting an aide n his classroom, he attends public . Then he'll start therapy sessions.
The profound depths of your science knowledge.
Srsly John? Who's writing yr tweets? Someone from 1 of @BetsyDeVosED 's charter schools I bet
They really don't look like marshmallows at all. Also, view no on the terrible Graham Cassidy. Listen to your constituents!
Spell right man. Spell right!
Look at the fluffy clouds & forget that a NICU baby will meet its lifetime insurance cap before being discharged from the hospital.
We have dotard Donald threatening nuclear war;Taking away healthcare from the people who need it the most; marshmallows?
Marshmallows
Enjoy the view. You'll want to recall Heaven-like memories when burning in Hell for trying to rob people of their chances to live well.
...Or at all. Lifetime caps bring back the days when people hit cap in the middle of a chemo course & can't finish treatment. #GrahamCassidy
Giant traitor
This is my favorite tweet of yours. But they look like turtles.
Wow you are beyond lame.
It's marshmallows.
Considering the clouds while scheduling a vote for a bill that effects 1/6 of our economy without a full CBO score?  Shame.
No Trumpcare no repeal of Ocare. Move on
Giant marsh mellows.

But giant pond is scary.

Are there giant frogs?

#haiku
Giant marsh mellows

But is far from being drained

It preys on our health

#haiku #KillTheBill #healthcare #SaveACA #Resist #GrahamCassidy
Are you high?
WTF Healthcare John not marsh mellows
This is why Texans need better schools...
Look at these clouds & forget that TX will lose $120 BILLION dollars in federal health care funds by 2036. #killthebill #saveACA #notProLife
Look at the clouds & forget that my agenda/vote is 100% paid for by Koch brothers. They want to kill Medicaid, Social Security, & the poor.
Maybe one of his grandkids got ahold of his phone??  Nah, prolly not.
Look at the clouds & forget we spend money on weapons designed to kill rather than healthcare to help you live.
BREAKING: Senate overwhelmingly backs sweeping policy bill to pump $700 billion into the military.
Aka Senate Republicans
Stop looking up at the geoengineered sky and pass the Obamacare repeal now.  Do your job or we will find someone else who will.
RE TIRE.
Private or Commercial?
It's not "mellows" it's marshmallow. Or are you feeling super mellow right now? So rich off those big money donors and ignoring constituents
Happy to see comments here about Republican plan for tax cuts for the wealthy and cutting care to the POOR. How do you sleep at night? #ACA
I'm sure he gets quality sleep meds from his healthcare that we pay for!
Do you mean #Marshmallow Senator Cornyn? Is that how carefully you have read the #GrahamCassidyBill ?
Giant party first enabler
Need all those sweet dreamer thoughts.
What is this post even about? Texans are in the thick of Harvey recovery and the partisan healthcare debate has returned. Focus!
How about focusing on the Russian bought President, or not killing people with health care?
It's your brain on drugs John.

Taught my 6 year old how to spell this WORD last week. What is your excuse?
Please have a news conf w Gov. Abbott immediately to explain to us how the h/c bill will be administered in TX.  Zip = 76008
No, this is a Marsh Mellow. These are marshmallows.
Is a marsh mellow when you're on the river in your kayak at sunset+ you do a bong hit? 

Or did you mean marshmallow?
Remind you of any one?
Vote "NO" on healthcare!
Did you mean 'marshmallows'?
What?  Is this a 'bot" Tweet?
are you stoned?
Too many cocktails on the flight, Senator?  Tell me, how much did we pay for this trip?
This marshmallow tweeting bout marshmallows while trying to kill folks
It's 'marshmallows.'
One word.
No E.

You're welcome
Marshmallows. Does this explain why you can't understand what Graham-Kennedy bill is so badly written?
Can u pls vote NO to Graham bill, please.
Omg,ur a weirdo.....unfit for office...have no clue about anything....i bet you are on the Russian payroll as well....
A+ at trying to deny health care from Americans
F for spelling
I do not supposed this means that you are coming back to Texas for Town Hall Meeting? Nah, McConnell still has your balls.
MRI image?
Pull your head of the clouds and vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
Nice spelling dummy.
Marshmallows is one word, not two, and has no E.  Goober!
What Graham-Cassidy will do to the availability of healthcare to the average American.

Vote no on Graham-Cassidy! Stop listening to the donors and listen to your constituents!!!
Those marshes makin' you mellow? ... it's marshmallow. 
marsh mellows...

Is that where all the cool animals go to get high and mellow out?
Peoples lives hang in the balance and you're posting about clouds?  How about insisting on a CBO score before vote. #ACA #GrahamCassidy NO!
This should give hope to all high school dropouts. Someday, they too could become a Senator.
Private jet on the people's dime while you try to kill them? Good job, johnny.
TF kind of marshmallows are you eating.
I.. I think it's time for a new senator guys..
Hellth care
Reflecting on clouds seems almost pensive or melancholy, both of which are unusual for you.  Are you ok?
Why are you trying to kill me? Can you tell my child so she has something to say at my funeral? #GrahamCassidy
Are you on your way back home to Tx from Washington? Your constituents are waiting for you. When is your next town hall? We have ??s
This is a test of the Cornyn broadcast system.
 What are you smoking over there?
what a fucking embarrassment
lol. it doesn't look like a marshmallow. stoner

The last thing anyone wants to tell a sick child is "we can't afford to see a doctor." #GrahamCassidySucks  #ThursdayThoughts
I thought it was millions of Americans' health coverage going up in smoke. Thanks for clarifying.
Cornyn's brain scans are in!
YOU WEIRDO. the @GOP must go.
Spelling
@JohnCornyn Giant turdblossom
John, know that true Texans can’t stand you and despise you for taking away healthcare and dooming them to die penniless. We won’t forget.
If you can't spell, I don't think you should be able to make life-changing decisions for americans either.
Good God John has your brain been fried by all of the Koch you've snorted? 1st - Marshmallow not marsh mellows. 2nd #noGrahamCassidy
Worked hospice: now I understand why people like him are so afraid of the death and dying process, they know they did bad things to ppl!
Marshmallows are tasty. Marsh mellows sound like swamp creatures smoking pot.
I can finish that sentence:giant marsh mellows when paved over until hurricane proves #climatechange is real. Denying it & healthcare - bad!
Hey John, have you noticed how ABSOLUTELY NO ONE wants #GrahamCassidy to pass? Maybe you should consider that while you're in the clouds.
"Look at this pretty picture of clouds! Pay no attention to the facts that I'm trying to take away your healthcare or that I can't spell."
You are a United States senator ffs. Can't spell 3rd grade words but we're supposed to trust you on 1/6th of the economy. Yeah, ok.
Who's mellow? YOU MELLOW.
You spell as well as you write policy.
It's scant solace that your stupid cloud pictures are getting ratio'd amidst the human carnage you're maybe about to inflict, but whatever.
Marshmallows?
turns out GOP doesn't just suck at healthcare, they suck at spelling too.
Grandpa John just looking at the sky, dozing off by the fire. We pay your salary, get to work.
Go look up that word you think you're using. In fact, read a whole dictionary. It will keep you out of trouble for a while.
BTW anybody who is past the age 50 has pre-existing conditions even Republican Senators, Representatives, and Presidents.
are you in a private chartered jet with Pierce at the taxpayers expense?
Head in the clouds as our democracy is destroyed #impeachtrump
Marsh-liketheswamp-mellows
Makes me feel great that one of our senators can’t spell “marshmallows”.
U have time to tweet but wont answer the phone for ur constituents.
"Enormous swamp smokes marijuana."
@tedcruz tweets about porn; you can't spellI.  Make pot legal so we can all join you guys!! Oh, and how about NO grhm/cass?
Are you day drinking John? It's at least better than some of stuff TX's other senator has been doing on twitter.
Texans want affordable healthcare for all & Graham-Cassidy doesn't provide that. Vote no. We're watching & we vote.
The serenity of the uncluttered mind.
You spell like 45. Poorly. Where did you go to school?
The clouds we'll take to the pearly gates when we hit lifetime caps during chemo.    #GrahamCassidy #RepealAndReplace  #Cornyn
Better fire whoever spends his time with this shit. Like nothing else is going on worth mentioning?????????????????
Marshmallow?
Millions of Americans are frantic about losing access to healthcare and you've got your head in the clouds.
It's a sad aside that a senator doesn't know how to spell.
That's some excellent representing of your constituents, Senator. Joyriding on our dime while ripping healthcare from millions.#SaveACA

Now I understand why you typically just retweet  others thoughts/ideas
This adequately describes the Senator's understanding of how climate works.
Now imagine fire and 'brem' stone
Senatir mersh mallom, guud tweat!
#GrahamCassidy predicted to remove 15 million Americans from insurance NEXT YEAR! 36 million over 10 years. #SaveOurCare
Marshmellows is one word. Also, youre assisting in murdering 32 million Americans.
*"Marshmallows" though.
Oh shit lmfao thank you 
Giant worries about our healthcare.
They are beautiful. My son can look up at them and wave to me, after you let insurers stop covering my treatment.
Gonna harsh your mellow, Senator: #GrahamCassidy will hurt your constituents, and they will vote you out of office. Vote no.
Thousands of your constituents going to lose their HC coverage, but you post pictures of clouds...
#SaveOurCare 
Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy
Cool clouds. Stop trying to take away healthcare from the people who need it most.
Hurricanes, earthquakes and the GOP's attack on health care, and meanwhile you mock people's suffering.
You're a piece of work.
You know autocorrect tried to fix it. Arrogant John determined to expose his ignorance again & again.
Meanwhile, back here on earth, Cassidy-Graham will strip healthcare from millions. Listen to your constituents instead of donors, VOTE NO!
Stop staring out the window pretending you aren't getting ready to throw millions off insurance. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Seriously? Your head is in the clouds while millions of Americans could lose their healthcare, get a clue. Grow up, become a real man!
VOTE NO ON REPEAL, PLEASE
Waxing poetic (look it up) on your way to vote for a bill that will destroy American lives.
Vote no on Graham-Cassidy and we'll let you spell marshmallow however you want.
Are you high?
people in this country suffering loss because of hurricanes, flooding, fires and your fight to take healthcare, and you see marshmallows
@tedcruz loves porn and u tweet like u're on freaking drugs. C'mon man, Rs need 2 get their shit together. No on #GrahamCassidy
@JohnCornyn up for re-election in 2020 - ugh! I know it seems painfully long, but let's start the process of voting him out of office NOW!
Just think of all the souls on those clouds AFTER YOU KILL THEM! #GOPMurders #NoRepeal #KillTheBillNotUs
color it fuschia and you'll see Melania
Your brain is a small marshmallow. #KillTheBill--not the people who desperately need health care.
Just like you and your other white, full-of-nothing, vapid #GOP Senators trying to strip the most vulnerable Americans of healthcare
That's not how "marshmallows" is spelled and that's not what they look like either, John.
Wow, people are really loving this new healthcare bill. Sounds like it could be almost as popular as taxes!
I get it now...you're high...only reason you would want 3 million Texans to lose healthcare. #CornynSucks
While your head is up in the clouds you're also trying to take HC from 32 million n price elders out of HC. #GrahamCasiddy kill bill
No, those are clouds. They don't really look like marshmallows. More like meringue, if you must. Meringue covered with forest fire ash.
Please vote no on this ridiculous sham of a bill you are whipping... where did regular order go
Answer your GD phone! A constituent.
Dude, you are totally marshing my mellow by taking away guarantees for essential health benefits.
Have you priced what your coverage would cost in TX after you allow them to remove protections?
Marshmallows. Please don't gut healthcare for political gain.
Are you stoned?
He's high on life, Susan. If he gets his way, soon he'll get that sweet Koch money AND a bunch of us will die of our preexisting conditions.
Spelling debate but indication is word is marshmallows, not marsh mellows. Just to be precise. Know that's what you want, right?
32 million set to lose healthcare and you tweet about clouds. Clear your voice mail. Texas Voters can't leave you a message.
is this from a private jet? Seems to be the way GOP rolls these days.
Why don't you care about kids?? #GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
Maybe you can have it printed & sent as a gift to your real bosses: the Koch Bros. As the bs legislation you push is strictly for them .
Meanwhile, Texas continues to cut funding for education
Good GOD! Can anybody in the GOP spell?
This speaks of how bad our education system is
It speaks more directly to just how stupid & nonfunctioning a white dude can be and still rise to the top and stay there.
Christ, is there a single educated Republican in our House or Senate?
That would be a NEGATIVE ghost rider.
I think you mean marshmallows.
Looks like horrible TX poisoned air that I can smell from AZ.
I'll help you spell it correctly. No on Graham-Cassidy.
Resign from your office and give all your money to the poor.
He can't spell "marshmallows," but he's making decisions about our healthcare system. What could go wrong??
What the frack is wrong with you? Get your head out of your a- I mean, the clouds, & start listening to your constituents. #NoGrahamCassidy
Study science.
Apparently, John took a hit or 2 of X this morning. He's tripping on clouds & misspelling basic words.
This is really an image from your last brain scan, init?
Awwwwwww.  How sweet.  Now go vote to take healthcare away from 32 million.
You're in such a good mood. Is it b/c you're about to sell out your constituents due to your own selfish political needs?
Is this code for weed or something?
"Marsh mellows" ...is that what forms over the swamp after midnight?
Close. They're marsh and swamp critters on ludes. (See @GOP, @realDonaldTrump, @VP, etc.)
He's clearly stoned--how else can you explain his support for Graham-Cassidy? #GrahamCassidy #Trumpcare
Please vote against graham cassidy, it does more harm than good
Seems about right.
Your head is clearly stuck somewhere, it’s better than where you normally have it.
You’re an embarrassment to this state.
Flying back to D.C. hoping to sign a death sentence for the sick and needy?
Marshmallow (and it's one word).
