Was Ryan photoshopped in? 
LOL
Yeah me too JH 
Paul Ryan, Ted Cruz, & John Cornyn all in construction attire? Are they trying out for a position in the Village People?
Good one...
I see Ryan has another costume on today. Think I prefer the pic where his hard hat is cocked a little...
You know he never went to Texas
Photo ops don't count as actual work.
He looks like a douche with that helmet because he never worked a hard day in his life
Ted cruz dont wear hard hats thats for the hands
@miyashay Uh oh, non-libtards helping people? Surprised
You didn't cover this up or call them racist.....
Can someone please post videos of these politicians working, sweating, dirty and tired from all the work they supposedly done.
Sorry but it looks like @SpeakerRyan has hard hat problem.  Maybe an orange cone would fit him better.
"Why the fuck are they making me help these stupid poor people?"
Thank You Senator Rand Paul
Don't seem to be doing much in this pic
They got to keep the t-shirts
Damn Ted...you are thirsty!
Oh boy, a photo op where GOP gets to wear hard hats and pretend they care.
The democrat mayor is raising property taxes. I guess thats better 
Awe...  it is so hot.  I must hydrate over all of this hard work.  Let's get this photo quick please.  You are such a pansy.
The problem with you GOP is that you cannot govern. There is too much division among you. I regret change from Dem party to Republican.
Politicians doing manual labor? How long did this last after the photo op?
@Bmac0507 check out Paul Ryan in a hardhat 
Did he pick up a hammer, pickup trash, etc....Or another photo op.
Paul Ryan & John Cornyn make me think they really rather be somewhere else ???? Tee time in one hour !!!!!!
For Ryan I believe it's, early Happy Hour in one hour!
Whst about Rockport?orange?
Instead of posing for photo ops these politicians should have been doing the job taxpayers pay them to do.
It’s really funny how they all pick the richer neighborhoods to go lend a hand.  Old saying, birds of a feather flock together.
Ted why you hang with deep state k street BIG GOV cronies?
How about helping all American people!! Get back to work!! Never realized you guys so much time off!!
I'm Australian and even from here i can see that Paul Ryan is  dickhead.. America youmust be embarrassed...
Ryan in this pic looks like the dad in Power Rangers Ivan Ooze Movie when parents are under trance & chanting Leap to our Doom. Look it up!
You saw what they R dealing with. They don't deserve 2 have 2 worry about losing their healthcare on top of losing their homes. No on G-C.
Ryan is about to cry. Ha ha
Great while I have you all together.... Have any of you actually read the new trumpcare bill?
They have their regular golf shirts under these t-shirts.  What jokesters.
Yeah, for three hours?
Yep,There's a bunch of guys ,who have had meaningful blue color jobs part of their lives
I like Ted Cruz but Ryan looks like he needs rescued..He needs to go..

Then behind your back they say deport all the Mexicans, oh wait let them clean up first. Candy Wrapper Cruz is hated by Texans for a reason.

Trump wants to eliminate the federal program that oversees long-term hurricane relief http://bit.ly/2xiHrjj 
Finally a politicians getting their hands dirty. Would love to see video of actual muck outs being done here.
None of your delegation even knows how to wear a hard hat properly.  You would think you would asked a safety person how to wear them.
I like that Tead is not posing like the rest and NOT wearing the hard hat and instead choose the cap w\TEXAS flag
ANd they look so smart with team rubicon shirts slapped OVER their regular clothing just for the event\photo shoot.
Any word on the efforts to rebuild @SpeakerRyan spine?
What a freaking joke! GOP hit squad! #racistred
Both of these dickcheese don't deserve to wear @TeamRubicon gear. Kick rocks traitors.
Great outfits.
I want to see there shirts at the end of the day plus thoses faces With Smiles Replaced , Now say grace Grab a shovle Roll up sleve HEAVE
Wow, two politicians signed up for a day of real work. Break out the brass band.
"Hello darkness my old friend..."
Nailed it.
Little late Ryan..were you playing golf too?
Think Ryan going to get his hands dirty?  He is such a phony!
Could @SpeakerRyan be any less interested in being there?
JUST A PHOTO OP FOR RYAN..........SADLY.
So selfless.

They better watch it they might get a blister
I really wonder if the comment contributors here, would make their asinine comments, if @NancyPelosi were helping? I really doubt it folks.
Sorry, but I view this as a photo op.  Sad to feel that, but I do.
Photo ops been going on for days
Is that my boy @LouDobbs behind Ted?
Where the democrats at? Oh yeah they're too busy complaining about Trump!
Let's hope all those trips to the gym in DC have paid off.  I'm sure the gym is on the taxpayers  fine yoo.
what a sad little man
Have to get rid of ryan - gotta cantor him

I don’t see Ted in that pic. Sure he’s not wanking it to mediocre #porn

Another photo op like when LynRyan pretended to wash pots in a soup kitchen.
Great politics and photo ops
Long enough to snap the photo? When you join a crew for several full days, report back. You don't seem to do anything but tweet on weekends.
And in their spare time take away healthcare for 32 million Americans
Did you go there Miya to check and see these Harvey volunteers were not white supremacists? Like you did a little Cambodia. #racist
Can this be Ryan's new campaign photo?
Damn are you still there?  I need to make a trip this weekend
u see what he is trying to do, he want to run for pres. next election.... 
I will vote dem. if he runs
I don't derive satisfaction from political publicity parades of "look how much I care"
Cruz is drinking water again, I see. Must be hard to pose for a photo op.
Remember during the election Texas wanted to leave the union,l guess the coward republicans changed their minds,Hope it wasn't for a handout
Don't get dirty you faggotass republicans,its all for the camera 
Hard to believe none of these "leaders" is condemning that disgusting speech from Potus about destroying another country. Makes America weak
Cruz sucking down water like a damn yankee. Maybe if he spent more time around his constituents he would be acclimated better.
Imagine what could have been done if these men hadn't traveled here at taxpayer's expense,  & sent the money saved directly to flood victims
Now if they did only acknowledged climate change and forced our president to stay in the Paris Accord
Y-M-C-A
Bunch of tools
Oh dang that 25 million dollar check.
Ryan's hardhat balances on his head just like a mattress balances on a bottle of wine.
Ha! Clean t's and clean helmets wth some ice cold bottled water. You guys look like you're really digging in. Haha!
Wow. U really DO care!  This totally makes up for the fact that u guys r still trying to strip 32MILLION Americans of their healthcare.

NEW: 579,000 #veterans among 19m who lose Medicaid under #GrahamCassidyBill: https://www.americanprogress.org/issues/healthcare/news/2017/09/20/439277/coverage-losses-state-graham-cassidy-bill-repeal-aca/ … #ProtectOurCare #Handsoff (w @rwest817)
Next hidden cash envelope winners please post a picture with winnings to: @HoustonCgm Thanks!- @HoustonCgm  Next cash hunt: 9/23/2017
John, why is your voice mailbox full?  Rafael's voice mail is accessible to Texas Voters, you don't want to hear from us on healthcare?
Were they out of dunce hats?
Looks like a nice photo op. Hero's don't take pictures. They do the work and dont seek notoriety.
Paul looks super excited to be there.
Paul is going to cry
These are the same men who would take health insurance from millions of our most vulnerable:the elderly, the disabled, children, the poor.
???? Where the heck did you read that
Think of each face as you go to bed and whether you would look them in the eye and say "I really don't care if you die from no healthcare "
Collared shirts under t shirts while working in the Texas heat?
Obviously @PaulRyan is a man's man. I challenge him to a slap fight
Looking good gentlemen.
Bullshit photo op.
@SpeakerRyan hardhat looks like some filter on Snapchat
Ted Cruz looks dehydrated. Probably lost a lot of fluids before he came to help the needy.

u all keep those hard hats for UR next job, tic,tic,tic @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @indtx36
Hard hats to go with the hard heads. Those guys have never done an honest days work in their lives. SAD!
Paul is sweating just standing in the heat
They want that vote 2018
We'll see how my fellow Texans feel when they can't get health insurance without huge surcharges, due to their pre-existing conditions!
Great photo..  can you ask @tedcruz to turn on his fax machine? I've got some letters awaiting delivery
I think you can get his cellphone if you donate $100k
Get real- he doesn't want to hear from you - or his constituents. He'll talk to you if your a Koch or got Koch $
-you're- 
Photo opt...  & then they went home!
Is @tedcruz channeling @marcorubio ?
They look like a very productive lot...
How bout a group cheer? "Screw Americans Healthcare"... Come on, this time Louder! #noGrahamCassidy
I know @SenTedCruz is working! Hardest working man in DC
Bahahaha - working to fill his pockets @GOP = greed over people
You can tell he never worked construction by the way he wears his hard hat! Probably had to ask for directions on how to use it!
At least he's doing something.
It's a photo op designed to look like they are doing something. Typical kiss the baby propaganda. Could be speaking against war with NK?
Looks like he lost an audition for The Village People.

This is bullshit .. nothing more than a photo op
It's a shame that nether one of our Senators will hold public Town Halls to hear our opinions on recovery, healthcare, or tax reform
Why does this feel like @SpeakerRyan getting cheap photo ops to look tough when @IronStache challenges him next year? Good luck, Paulie. 
#GrahamCassidy really @JohnCornyn @tedcruz ???!
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
@SpeakerRyan looks like real work doesn't agree with him.
He looks dead inside
Does Paul Ryan really care the people of Houston after endorsing latest GOP death bill?
