Except that the president himself called it a ban... Those FACTS just seem to get in the way, don't they?
Last I checked neither Morocco nor Canada were part of the seven country "travel" ban. Thoughts?
Democrats have been known to eat their own, we finally have some one who is honest President Donald Trump.
, if you believe this president is "truthful", then you should get out of you Fox News bubble and read.
Sorry I don't like dramma Television Fox News really, I watched CNN.
, then how do you believe that Trump is being truthful?
I only watch CNN because I find it a very funny show, it is in the same league as Sponge Bob Square Pants.
I read it. Call it what you want in affect it is a Muslim Ban. Schedule a Town Hall and explain the difference
man not only did Trump admit giving you $ but you seem to have taken on his personality. That is not a good thing either.
9th Circuit said WORDS used by 45 & admin can be used against him to prove intent. It's too late to amend.
I read it, @JohnCornyn. It selects Muslim-majority countries and "prioritizes" any individual of a "minority religion". Transparent. Cruel.
intent is there and has been there since before the election. You know it, the court knows it.
that's huge problem with Left/resistance they don't read details, are swayed by organizers, their propaganda & of course bad TV.
speaking of details repeal Obamacare just be sure and leave that ACA alone!
except it's neither Affordable, nor proper Care!
interesting the ins cos are conveniently left out of the discussion if they were so affordable 2 begin w/ why ACA?
an empirical example: doubled premium, tripled deductible, higher copays & lower rx bene-Ins Cos in Obama & D's pockets

yep. It's a ban.
*You* watch Trump speeches & video of Trump surrogates like Giuliani who pushed to construct constitutional Muslim Ban EO
If you don't start distancing yourself from a mad man, you're going to go down in history as a blind follower of evil.
Are you really this delusiona
Everyone: #MuslimBan 
@JohnCornyn : It's not a ban
@WhiteHouse : Ban ban ban
Everyone: See? #muslimban
@JohnCornyn : Nuh uh! *frolicks away*
When's your next town hall, sir? Clearly you can't read and need this explained to you in person.
Religious tests are unconstitutional and deplorable. How much would we have to pay you to defend the 1st amendment? Give us a #
@tedcruz Your constituents demand a #TownHall
45 said ban keeps refugees from dangerous countries out. REFUGEES ARE FLEEING DANGER. Ppl are fleeing US.
It is nonsense on its own terms: wrong countries, refugees who are already vetted. Harassment as PR.
I read it, and you're still a bigot and/or coward.
I think the District Court and the 9th Circuit read it....
had 2 double check you went to law school. Not even second tier Texans deserve better. #HighsightIs2020
as the federal court has pointed out, the things he says and tweets show intent.  Doesn't matter if the EO doesn't say "ban"
All I see on his account is "ban" "ban" "ban"... hmmm, might want to tell @POTUS to pick a new word if it's not a "ban!"
US is on Human Rights Watch now bc of 45. Reuters covers us like an authoritarian regime. GOP does nothing.
seriously, not all of your constituents are ignorant. Make sure you're on the right side of history in this one please. #noban
read it as the good senator has asked. Words - we all need to be excused. Actions.
I did and entrance will be easier for nonMuslims, which is wrong.  Muslims fight isis too!
facts are a pesky thing
Lying is not a Christian value. You should be ashamed.
Fellow TXns, he is yanking us around. He doesn't care about constituents, just his 'conservative values.' Out in '20
Seriously, Senator. Log the hell off, hire a social media manager, and get to work for the betterment of the US or go to bed
what happened to too many executive powers = KING? I could respect the GOP if there were any consistency, but NONE. #hypocrisy
u need to listen.
Johnny... you should be disbarred. As an officer of the court you (should) know better. Shame on you!
Oh, John "ignore-the- constituents" Cornyn.  Are you vying for the the "Lyin'" title of Texas from Cruz?
You could have a town hall in Houston where you discuss this issue with your constituents. - Your actual constituent (not paid!)
exactly...many of these people haven't even read the EO
are you now prescribing to "alternative facts"?
@dajhek 9th Circuit ruling says 45's campaign statements about a ban are relevant. As are Giuliani's statements. De facto ban.
We get that it doesn't say Muslim ban but the GOP's language makes it clear what it really is. Stop pretending we misunderstood.
- quit splitting hairs - ban is legally stayed & meanwhile Russian influence in WH is alarming & you need to hold town halls!
- ban or no ban, still unconstitutional & not our values. Focus on Russia, healthcare reform, Russia, N Korea, Russia, Flynn
Please listen to your constituents John.  You may believe you are untouchable in the next election. Change is coming in Texas.
the fact is John, you've not opposed anything 45 has done. This indicates agreement or fear of opposing him.  Please explain?
please explain the omission of three countries (Saudi Arabia) that aren't on the list. Trump business reason? Unconstitutional
besides, the Ninth District  says it violates the constitution. I guess your antijudiciary like your boss. An attorney too!
This a staffer. Being on twitter is below an elitist like John. He's too busy sucking up to wealthy campaign donors and 45.
come to Houston and listen to your constituents.
Trump repeatedly called it that. Spicer called it that too after saying it wasn't a ban. Circular using of the words, yeah?
: Rudy Giuliani said POTUS asked him to "put a commission together, show me the right way to do [Muslim Ban] legally." (@FoxNews)
@dajhek time for a town hall
Pft! Not likely considering how @GOP town halls have been going across the country.
You are a lawyer and know full well the difference between discrimination on its face and discrimination in effect. Stop it.
@dajhek JOHN U know the truth. We know the truth. Heck, the administration knows the truth! PLS. JUST STOP! We R not buying.
The Democrats would pack your Town Hall meeting with trolls,  I just bet they would blame the burning of Rome on you.
Trump called it a ban on twitter. Spicer called it ban verbally. Don't be disingenuous.
I wouldn't hitch my cart to tightly to this republican administration. The stink will carry. #2020
So you are saying the President is wrong about his own executive order? Because he has certainly said ban.
Maybe listen to what the president has said? Or are you one of those individuals who thinks we should look at his heart?
@dajhek why those 7 countries only and not others? Countries that are much more extreme and have greater history of threats?
@dajhek He's right John and you know it.  You're embarrassing yourself by towing the line.
This is truly sad. Once a respected Senator, now with each tweet begging for respect. Following too close to the administration.
The EO does not state "ban" but POTUS and advisors have called a ban.  Repeatedly. We listen.
Have you heard of a thing called "Twitter"? That's where he has, on multiple occasions, called it a ban.
Want to have a town hall?  This retired Marine would LOVE to attend.
Way to go.  Keep up the pressure.  We need answers.
Please, explain to me how this is NOT a ban. Everything @realDonaldTrump said has been "ban." @GOP is trying to spin bad news...
wow, you're really drinking their kool-aid. You're really letting us down. What a disappointment.
Totally within the President's legal authority!
Ban...
while the language ("ban") might not appear in the EO, the president has used it in reference to that.
You need to relieve your staffer and get someone on here who knows what the hell they are talking about.
Ban...
'Majority in Leading EU Nations Support Trump-Style Travel Ban' 
Poll of more than 10,000 people in 10 countries...http://bit.ly/2k4fvqgEUPoll 
Ban...
'Immigration Ban Is One Of Trump's Most Popular Orders So Far' 
Ban...
Because the ban was lifted by a judge, many very bad and dangerous people may be pouring into our country. A terrible decision
Ban...
Interesting that certain Middle-Eastern countries agree with the ban. They know if certain people are allowed in it's death & destruction!
our pres is sick & has no clue. He thinks it's his T V show
Looks like @JohnCornyn has plenty of time to tweet, but no time for a town hall. SAD!
I've been following @JohnCornyn since the primaries, and this is the first time bar I've actually seen him do more than RT
Perhaps the law would clarify? #8USC1182f "any class of aliens". Most of you whiners aren't big on the law but Sen Cornyn is.
please get senate on Fast Track for all promises & nominees, use Reid Option. There is much work to do b4 2018
That is ridiculous. The whole executive order was crafted to try to put a guise of legitimacy on a discriminatory ban.
Ban...
If the ban were announced with a one week notice, the "bad" would rush into our country during that week. A lot of bad "dudes" out there!
I did just read it. Read @realDonaldTrump tweet. Ban or no ban, it is semantics, religious intolerance is not American.
I read it. And so did this guy: https://www.lawfareblog.com/thoughts-strange-day%E2%80%94and-very-strange-presidential-tweet …
he called it a ban...
Fav Sun School song "Jesus loves the little children, except for children of the Muslim world"
Even Christie says it's intended as a Muslim ban. Get coordinated with your fellow Nazis, will ya?
John, can you lay off twitter now and get to the issues: ACA, Trump/Russia, and scheduling a town hall?
John does not need to call a Town hall meeting.  Majority of the ones who ask for town Hall are Not in his area.
#AnswerThePhone #TownHall
The president said you can call it whatever you want, but what the EO says is all that matters, and he is right.
It's not a Muslim ban? So are you saying he lied to get elected? I thought he was different?
The propagandist can no longer fool the American people. We heard with our very own ears.  #SundayFunday Call it what you will.
the restriction on religion - the very one you told me in an email you did not support - indicates otherwise.
The email @JohnCornyn sent regarding the #MuslimBan (a term he doesn't use to be sure). Note the next to last paragraph on religion.
I disagree with @JohnCornyn on many matters but nuanced, civil discussion is important, and I appreciate his response.
