LEFT: @NPR piece you mocked 

RIGHT: excerpt from @BretStephensNYT piece you celebrate
I don't think you actually read the @BretStephensNYT piece. 

You just loved the title and retweeted it.
I do not agree.
You have no care how many people die .No care about Us Troops lifes .not your children or one of the Trump children just so you start war
You again?  Go to the back of the room and sit down.
Well, that's one instance.
China could assert regime change, indeed.
Your lying is completely out of control
You are out of your flippn mind!  He's a buffoon who has no clue what he is doing...THis is all for entertainment purposes.... SAD!
@JohnCornyn the "right" track for dictatorship for the #USA #GOV
Yes two crazy leaders on track to nuke each other
He's an embarrassment.
Wishy washy at best. Listen to Australian news on G20 and Trump.https://youtu.be/u8iXK2_U4IM 
Trump is on right track to delivering the US to Putin and you are helping him
A Republican quoting the failing FAKE NEWS New York Times! It must be snowing in hell! Any winged pig sightings?
So you twist the arm of  to make them twist  into compliance? Along with M.A.D. it's certainly a unique option.
What track is that then?
#FULLrepeal of Obamacare, Texans who voted for you are demanding you take action 
He's all talk, no action
unpopular at home/abroad, agenda stalled, weak command of issues, friendly to meddling foreign adversary, isolated at G-20. few good answers
Track to tragedy?what track is he on?He seems off his rails much of the time. Ivanka & Melania have their hands full babysitting Old Donald.
"May your wife be plagued with runners in her hose" Jimmy Dickens

I thought he said @nytimes is 'failing' and 'fake news'
Resign. You're a trump deflector
Really?! He believes the intel about DRNK but not Russian meddling in the election. Big. Clueless. Orange. Fool.
Your "choice" as our Senator is to vote on an AUMF before anything military occurs!
Right track to destroy our country? I didn't realize that was your "right track." At least we know where you stand on this tweet
Disenfranchising voters through intimidation here in the US. Another shameful episode.
Colorado clerks see increase in people withdrawing from voter rolls since state agreed to give info to Trump panel http://www.thedenverchannel.com/news/politics/hundreds-withdraw-colorado-voter-registrations-in-response-to-compliance-with-commission-request …
Could be true if we had a pres with gravitas. We have the emotional equivalent of Kim. The Chinese- & the world-no longer respect us.
Good to hear @IvankaTrump is taking over.  @VP seems to be too "hands on" to be POTUS.
Can  you possible bend any longer to kiss his backside?

More opinions.....why not respond to your constituents, right here on these threads?
Amazing how you like NYT & WaPo when it suits your needs.
Came here to say exactly this 
And on Russia??? Awfully quite on that part of national security
Any thoughts on why ivanka (nepotism) trump was sitting in G20 meetings?
To hear a US senator say that makes me feel like I've been kicked in the gut.
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
John's ego has grown past his capabilities. Whether he runs or not depends on where the most $ is. He could be indicted and jail Trumpgate.
You have lost credibility with many Texans by continuing to back Trump's insanity. We are no further on healthcare which has been sabotaged
You behave like a sycophant on the gravy train for your own survival!I'm rallying legions of Texans to vote you out! Vote for Democracy!
Haven't kept up with this - too busy fighting your awful healthcare bill. But I doubt it. He seems to be wandering aimlessly.
of course you would support a lazy and inarticulate plan.
you really are delusional.
You may need to check with ur constituents on that. I don't think we need south Korea destroyed but hats just me
Hm, thought @nytimes is "fake news" or is that only when they publish something u don't like?  WTF happened 2 the brainpower in our country?
Literally nothing is being done differently under Trump vs. under Obama. Much like ISIS strategy as well.
As Rick Perry would say "even a broken clock is right once per day". I don't think there is any grand strategy, prolly just coincidence.
A track to kill millions, is that what the GOP wants
Even a broken clock is right twice a day.
You fail to consider Trump's undiplomatic, antagonizing Tweets towards North Korea.
IM confused by article & your brief tweet as to what you think. Vague = Vague. Anyway, REGIME CHANGE A GREAT IDEA!  DO IT @VP @StateDept
The third party rule says there is ALWAYS a third person that causes a war.  Find the third person and you find who caused the war.
When was the last time an old man did the fighting & dying?
Perhaps you should read one of Trump's advisors papers.
The article in NYT is too simple. War is not simple.
I just don't believe you any more. How can you continue to push this fake administration and the dangerous, cruel agenda?
Yeah cuz going to war with them went so well the first time. He's being a paranoid ass.
This is the guy you're so proud of & are staking your career on?
Trump eventually betrays and humiliates everyone he deals with. I hope the senior Senator negotiated a good price for his soul.
Lockheed Martin, US top defense contractor, is one of your big donors so you want to keep them happy.  Always JC 1st. Disgusting. #resist
I thought diplomacy was the right track. Trump just looks like an ineffective fool, especially at the G 20 summit.
I thought nytimes was fake news?
why, because Trump said their leader was a smart cookie, c'mon John @indivisibletxjc @indtx36 @MSNBC @DFWIndivisible
Has he asked and been approved to use force anywhere yet? Or he too busy building hotels and golf course businesses in Russia?
The right track to nuclear war:this man is trashing our 1st amendment,belittling our free press & intelligence agencies & cuddling w/Russia
Are you serious? This hack @BretStephensNYT claimed the Iraq war was necessary to stop nuclear ambitions. As Trump says: wrong! Some source.
What exactly has @POTUS DONE anyway, send some snarky tweets that sound like a middle schooler wrote them? To what end? @indivisibleATX
When is POTUS going to come before congress and the American people to explain his strategy for North Korea?
I'm worried about you John. All that Koch you've been snorting has caused real damage to your mind. Resign & Get Help Now!
That's like saying that the GOP version of the healthcare bill is on the right track.
Are you high? Trump has failed to staff the State Department and enjoys baiting world leaders on Twitter.
Nah if he was high he'd make more sense.
On the right track to getting us all killed. Really?
Do you spend all your time looking for pro Trump articles to tweet? How is this helping the people of Texas?
I'm not sure that ranting on Twitter is the best way to deal with a hostile foreign country with nukes, but what do I know?
By accepting putins word over all our IC community??! Resign traitor #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Queuing up another Iraq, I see. That's great leadership, John.
And what's the right track? Nuclear war?
Would you like to say that in person at a scheduled #townhall ?
Will Trump send his unqualified daughter to sell them handbags? Maybe he'll send his unqualified Son-in-law to buy some real estate?
Or maybe Trump will just call up Vova to fix it. You know, like the election he won't defend?
TERRORISTS 
I thought NYT was fake news? Oh it’s only fake if you disagree like your daddy Trump.
To getting us all killed.
Time will tell.Trump's lack of restraint and commentary on Twitter does not serve us well.Especially when you know NK reads each word
