As Hillary clearly stated, 'What difference does it make?!'
Not so sure
@POTUS and Bannon are our voices that finally got to you. Do the right thing: RESIGN.
Maybe @JohnCornyn should focus on what is right for Americans not the GOP   #russia is not our friend
Don't kid yourself. He's playing both sides. He's a dangerous manipulator.
Karma, when you obstructed a President for 8 years and you didn't consider the needs of all Americans. Now you are not listened to either
TX senator speaks then retweets his idea that media should attack the opposing political party. His party over country ideology is laid bare
You should focus on townhall meetings in Texas cities & towns. Performance review of whip is long overdue. Quit hiding.
Republicans should focus on their party's POTUS and support him instead of being pissed he's not establishment. Stop acting like you're 5.
Good grief.... Cornyn, just do your freaking job... AKA... representing the people of TX!  Stop worrying about protecting your party!
Why?  He is not a GOP LACKY....
Gee John, maybe you and your republican Senate colleagues should have supported Cruz. Then we wouldn't be in this mess. All of you own this.
An advice: Retire while you can before we kick you out. Do the decent thing.
Enough with this 'us vs them' bullshit. We're in this together so stop getting in the way of progress when there's important issues to face
he is focused on th swamp; both sides. lots of swamp dwellers and the American folks are sick of it; aristocrats.
Have you ever seen 28 days later? You created and unleashed a virus. How do you hope to contain it?
I do solemnly swear (or affirm) I will support and defend the Constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic
You must be a traitor. Why are you defending the trumPutin. U have a responsibility/duty to defend the constitution.
If Republicans in congress aren't doing what WE sent them to do, we all should focus on both sides! This is OUR country! Do it, or leave!
Once again, cornyn proves to be a partisan hack.  Barf.
I agree, but the do nothing, all talk @GOP needs to get some grit and fulfill the promises  the made. #TaxFairness, #Healthcare, #borderwall
"The president's going to need as many friendly faces" ???!!! You have been anything but friendly - rather UNWELCOMING and OBSTRUCTIONIST
Conservative voters figured out that the Democrats have courage, guts and expediency. What good a bigger # of Do-Nothing Republicans?
When the Establishment lost Shame: We are paying your salaries and we can and WILL remove you. With or w/out Bannon or Trump.
Oooh. A typo. I'm sure you meant to say bannon should  'focus on what's best for USA'
@realDonaldTrump Nope, Senator.  The majority GOP is the do-nothing party in Congress now.  You all have earned Bannon's attention.
If the damn Rhinos would do the job they were sent there to do, Trump would not have to
Or go back to his white supremacy hobby, John? Tell us if you voted for KKK denouncement?
@JohnCornyn you are sooooo partisan . old fashioned of you
Oh, no, Bannon is YOUR out-of-control Frankenstein monster. @GOP raised him and nourished him. He's all yours.
Then establishment Republicans shouldn't act like Democrats. Reduce spending & taxes, repeal ACA (& live by it til you do!), secure border!
Republicans don't exist anymore: You have blended with the Democrat establishment, that is why we are kicking you out!
Good grief. Learn from the past and put these party politics out of our misery. Think of ALL American people as one nation.
You created/enabled this monster, you keep/own him. 
What a hateful wish for Democrats. 
Why don't you just denounce his evil, period.
John many of the things Bannon is stating is true. GOP not supporting anything, just against and citizens and Trump or whining.
He should focus on flat earth reptilians and you should focus on getting your priorities straight
Well you so call republicans are acting like democrats
You should focus on passing something that matters. #RepealObamacare
Why, John? You're the idiot who couldn't get a health care bill passed.
But the Republicans are the ones doing a TERRIBLE job!!
Impeach or resign
Whatever you get from that bloated attack dog is what you deserve, John.
Maybe Bannon should concentrate on defeating Putin. Do Republicans care about tyrants at all?
No, no. He's all yours.
Exactly!!!
Bannon is focusing on democrats & that means you, McCain,Paul, McConnell and others that are RINO. You people are a bigger threat then Dems
When you degrade the discourse so profoundly, you own it when it's turned back on you. Shame on Cornyn & the GOP for ever embracing Bannon.
You can be sure the Dems are focused on you and your hateful agenda.
No sir, he's right your wrong. There will be a change coming. Voter imposed term limits. We're voting incumbents out. GOP do nothings
We're sure he will once Never-Trumpers like you stop sabotaging the Pres agenda
Hmmm....getting scared?
The goal of a psychopath is to create chaos and confusion all while being unaware he causing chaos and confusion.
You dufus.  Bannon doesn't give a rats ass about the @GOP.  He and @POTUS care about Trump party only. Go against him & U R in cross hairs 2
Why isn't your name on this letter @JohnCornyn?! Do you support white supremacists?!?? #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Good luck with that
But Pubs like Cornyn n Cruz r such fun easy targets! These clown hats voted against Sandy aid, now begging for Harvey aid. Bannon is right!
Bannon should focus on .@JohnCornyn.
Bannon should crawl under a rock. Come on @JohnCornyn - quit getting into bed with racists.
Truly a horrific time in history for American leadership
Ha haha! That's like saying Bernie Sanders should focus on republicans instead of Democrats. Wait, that one actually makes sense!
Bannon should just go away.  UnAmerican piece of dung
Nope.
He is the Swamp.
tfw when you create a political movement designed to destroy indiscriminately before you look up "indiscriminate". @JohnCornyn
Bannon should go to AA and leave everyone alone.
Bannon attacks republicans bernie attacks democrats Putin laughs
Cornyn should focus on Americans not Republicans. If he did he'd realize that the other end of Penn Ave is full of traitors.
Put your big boy panties on before we start calling you a teeny tiny snowflake.
  Pity Bannon 
      He isn't a Very
 BrightFart 
       
Someone Please Tell ...
The Turnip Truck  
To Turn Around     
Someone's nervous
Aka "were scared of him"
Not so fun when the Grim Reaper says it's your turn is it?
Cornyn basically just admitted Bannon is one of the leaders of the @GOP which is just the alt-Reich now...
...and cornyn would gladly receive help from a full-blown white supremacist!
Aw, did his pet monster get loose?
What??? And huh? And are you drunk?
