If you guys don't hammer this home, your marketing is atrocious.
Missed some spots.
The screenshot I provided mentions the 28 vs 49 million you highlighted. What did I miss?
Are you really arguing that a majority of those seniors are voluntarily forgoing coverage?
Now you're intentionally conflating CBO claims. I'm posting a screenshot of what the CBO claims at a high level. Got it?
Then you missed his second picture?
*thumps head on desk*

Re-read what I just wrote.
lol man you are blind
49 million uninsured under Senate GOP plan, according to CBO. Do you understand that 49 million is a higher number than 28 million?
If you don't, that's OK. I'll be happy to walk you through the numbers. This is the number 2. As in there are 2 ways to vote on your bill.
This is the number 8. As in the GOP has had 8 years to come up with an alternative to ObamaCare that isn't completely terrible.
This is the number 4. As in the cost of premiums under the GOP bill will be 4 times higher for 64-year-olds earning $26,500 a year. (CBO)
This is the number 9. As in 21 million additional Americans will lose their healthcare over the next 9 years if GOP bill passes.
Thank you for this 
Damn that was brilliant!
I seriously almost wet myself I laughed so hard
You guys in the GOP aren't very good at this:
But taxes for the wealthy went down. Transferring wealth to the already wealthy is ALL they care about. And they're pretty damn good at it.
I got interested in politics as a teen in the 70s, asked my dad why he despised Republicans. He said they only help the rich, not the worker
Nothing has changed and far too many still vote against their own best interests. We are a profoundly stupid country.
Says a mindless minion who takes pride in calling himself deplorable. Bless your misinformed and misguided heart.
Math is hard
Yes, and that was down from 48M before the ACA - Your bill kicks it back up to 49M. Check out the chart on p.48 of the CBO report, Senator.
I love it when Republican politicians inadvertently make the case for single-payer, gov't run healthcare as exists in Canada and the UK.

I have a solution: single payer.
But if we had Single Payer, how would the bosses hold our families hostage? @FootballExpert @JohnCornyn
They've already taken the pensions
Many more will be insured under the BCRA. Thanks for actively trying to kill Americans.
22 million less than would be insured under your tax cut posing as a health care bill
Because of refusal by GOP states to expand Medicare. Plus rescinding subsidies so insurance companies drop out. We see you doing this shit
Lies
@MattMackowiak 50 million uninsured under your garbage bill
Prove it
Get govt out of health care. Problem solved.
I've been to Texas. Great state and people. But c'mon you fine people can do better than this guy.
CBO just said 50 million uninsured under BRCA. How can you say something like this in good faith?
Compared to 49 million under your bill, Senator.
why must you declare lies in order to sell your bill to the moron base??
And you think that number is too low, is that it?
You say this beacuse you can't say anything good about your bill
#bettercare is not healthcare
it is entitlement reform #Wealthcare
Why not work with Democrats to fix the problem. This is such bullshit.
So you decide to make that worse? Good call, sir.
Add another 23,000 w/o insurance under Rep. Health care for a total 51,000 uninsured. Your talking point does not work !
45 million under GOPcare
Single payer leaves 0 uninsured.
because u repubs refused to negotiate ACA in good faith to bring the # up and Texas, other silly states refused to expand Medicaid #noAHCA
And this bill raises that number. You saying you'd support a bill that provided universal coverage?
You should fire whoever does your tweeting.  They are lazy and not good at the job
Does your  ass ever get jealous of the shit that comes out of your mouth?
The goal is to LOWER that number, correct? Your bill will see that number eclipse 40M.
compared to 49 Million in Your Bill. Do Your Job and READ THE BILL
It's funny how you leave out...
A) How many new people are insured under Obamacare
B) How many more people will be uninsured under Trumpcare
Can't believe Texans voted for you
projected 51 million under AHCA.  So let's aim for 0.  Medicare for all.
49 million uninsured with your plan
How many uninsured by choice? I know plenty at work who know ACA is a better option but refuse because Obama.
So your "solution" is to add 22 million more uninsured??
Fake News
Yet you get to use Obamacare! Why do you hate Texans so much? You don't represent the majority of Americans. You're the top 2%. Stop lying!
And your bill will make 49 MILLION UNINSURED!!! Your bill is worse!
Just stop. Uninsured went from 20% to under 10%. This throws 15M - MILLION ppl off health care NEXT YEAR. 
STOP LYING!!!!
This thread is amazing, schooling John Cornyn (R-TX). He's part of the Gang of 13, yet doesn't seem to understand the @GOP #HealthcareBill
This just proves that all the representatives from Texas are completely 
 stupid?  I'm sure glad I left that state!
Stop with the bullshit
And just think. You caused it.
Is that before or after GOP obstruction?
Let's discuss this at a townhall 4 your performance review.
90% of the country is covered under #Obamacare
70% of the country will go bankrupt - or die - under #Trumpcare
#CutTheCrap
22 million MORE uninsured under #TrumpCare. See how math works, John? #BCRA #AHCA #CBOScore
49 million plus under your bill looks like victory, pinhead? Show me how your bill insures more people? You can't. It doesn't. Resign.
Great. How many would be uninsured under a Medicare for All system?
If only the voters in your district had as much contempt for you as you have for them.
I'm in Texas & I have plenty of contempt for @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz both of whom helped craft this morally bankrupt bill.
So your solution is to increase that number.
Thanks, in large part, to Texas GOP not expanding Medicaid!
shhh lets not mention that 28 was because TX and few other states said no to Medicaid expansion, and that 49 > 28. Maybe no one will notice.
So your answer to that is to incease the number of uninsured to 40 million? You are a horrible person!
Because u Republicans plotted with insurance companies to make Obama care fail. JUST ONCE, please do what's right for Texans.
4.5 million of those are in Texas b/c you wouldn't enact Obamacare there. Univ. of Texas Med called TX the "uninsured capital of the US."
What are you even talking about bro?
Pre-ACA = 46M uninsured. 40% reduction in a few years. #CornynCare = 49M uninsured! Nice try, #TrumpDummy.... 
And 49 million under GOP plan... ouch
And so you think that raising that to 50 million uninsured under your bill would be better?
Liar.
You are a lier - BTW I VOTE IN TEXAS!
Not enough for you, huh? Where is your decency?
#Repeal all of #Obamacare.  We need a real #market based system. Lead the repeal effort in DC. We don't want this. @GOP @tcgop
It's an awful fudge, isn't it? By trying to placate everybody, the bill ends up satisfying nobody...
Exactly, Sam.
#GOPDeathParty
Time for single payer.
Good leaders would FIX our Healthcare not try to abolish it. Everyone with common sense knows this is nothing but a tax cut for the wealthy!
Soooo instead of writing legislation to bring this number down your party is going the other way 
You aren't very smart are you? This is literally the dumbest comment from a member of Congress ever.
With TrumpCare it will be 40 million
49 million is better under Trumpcare?
What is wrong with you?
48-49 million w/out coverage under you. Nice try Hasenpfeffer.
So, 20M uninsured is something to be proud of????
20 million MORE under your plan... How little do you think of your constituents that you use such ridiculous arguments
Fast forward to 2026--foresee the picture of lives with nothing to lose. How can we in good faith come together to avert such a travesty?
Senator what is your point? We are not stupid. We can do math, can you? Try this: 49>28. True or False?
Rounding it out to 50 million is better?
insufficient financial resources to incentivize insurance companies to participate in the individual marketplace & keep premiums down.
So??? What is your point?? It's OK to add another 24million to that number??? Seriously???
So why double that number.
Why not work for good -- and improve, expand #Obamacare?
22 million MORE uninsured by Trumpcare.  You should try to speak clearly with transparency.
How many people will die because of you? How do you sleep at night?
So increasing that by 15 million by the end of 2018 is a solution?
50 million under Trumpcare...what exactly is your point?
You realize that you are losing the MD vote for a generation? We're actually still trusted by a majority of the country #Stopthebill #BCRA
22 million under AHCA
Beautiful! Amazing how much horseshit fits into a single tweet!!
It must be nice not to have a conscience or principles.  Life is so much easier when it simply doesn't matter what's right.
LiesLiesLies
I'm trying to decide whether you are lying, or really don't know these numbers. ACA left 28 mil uninsured, you propose to leave 49 million.
Add 21 million uninsured to your brilliant plan.  Such a tedious and inane person Cornyn is...
John - this is factually incorrect. Please stop! Texans deserve better than this.
I thought GOP was bringing us a plan that would cover more people with lower deductibles and premiums than ACA. Where is that plan?
Mr. Cornyn, how stupid do you believe us to be? 28 mil to add to get everyone is a  far cry from cutting 22 million added under ACA
.@JohnCornyn So you're saying we should make it 50 million by passing the Senate bill? I hope you like the smell of brimstone.
28 million uninsured under Obamacare
You're just evil, you know that, right?
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Remind me how the GOP ever did anything to lower the number of uninsured before the ACA?
So go with 22 million MORE? Are you mental?
So that means a this bill it'll be 50 million?
WOW. CBO: Premiums for a 64-year old with middle income go from $6,800 under ACA to $20,500 under BCRA 
Might want to check number of uninsured prior #ACA. And how much #AHCA would add to it. Because ur tweet will not age well.
Thank you.  Nailed it.
Conniving buller.
because of people like you who lied about death panels, scaring the public option out of ACA, to protect insurance companies
You got something to back that up with, Senator?
Do U mean result of slush between big pharma, insurance companies, @GOP hence the undermining #ACA exchanges? Bcz that's ALL U @GOP
Nice try
Did you attend a town hall meeting? If so, how many of your constituants are disabled and will be adversely affected if this bill passes?
Your bill double that figure. Stop being dishonest, Sen. Cornyn.
This tweet exposes the contempt you have for the intelligence of Americans.  Despicable.
Your morality and logic are twisted. When Reps are tossed out for this, you can all apply to Cirque du Soleil as contortionists.
Shame on you.
49 MILLION UNDER YOYR EXCUSE FOR HEALTHCARE! #ProtectOurCare
50 million uninsured under Trumpcare .@JohnCornyn
How evil and corrupt is it possible to become even in the @GOP ?
Another Republican Lie
So add 22 million more, Mr. Republican?
#IDIOT
Yes, bc you and the rest of the GOP undermined it at every turn. #JesusIsWatching as you try to take healthcare from the most vulnerable.
Also, I notice that you don't bother to mention how many of us GAINED coverage for the first time in years thanks to ACA.
Oh I get it, this is like punching someone in the face and telling him he was ugly before you punched him right? You smartypants you
All you have come up with is a tax break for the wealthy. Ask a walmart employee how well trickle down economics have worked out for them.
. 
If Republicans are really interested in lowering the number of Americans who lack health insurance, they could choose to expand Medicaid
This is an incredibly disingenuous Tweet.  How many more insured under ACA than before? How many of your constituents will lose theirs?
49 million under yours. Yay for you. Ignorant f stick.
An additional 22 million on top of that with Trump care. We don't want this bill!
Get your shit together and go find your spine and your brain and start doing good for the people who elected you instead of screwing them.
@MattMackowiak and those 28 million had to pay a fine if they earned more than $15,000 a year
You may be trying to fool your constituency who are too sick because of your policies, but we are not stupid. We'll resist you in every way.
Yeah, but your death-bill balloons the number to 49 million Americans uninsured, hypocrite.

#ThrowingStonesFromGlassHouses #CBOScore
NEWSFLASH 
It's 2017--You just proposed a new bill, act like an adult & talk abt the pros of what you created & why it should be passed.
That's why you're shooting for 50 million uninsured?  Gotta be bigger and better than Obama?
You are a pimp for corporate America. You're willing to exchange American lives to get your corporate masters their blood money.
49 million under your bill. It's a bad bill.
The only reason you aren't the worst public servant, who serves himself - in America? You're a close second to McConnell.
The American Medical Association opposes your bill. AARP opposes your bill. American Pediatric Association opposes your bill. It's abhorrent
Not enough for you?
So you want MORE people uninsured?
So, you're proposing single-payer?
And it will be 49 million under trumpcare! That 22 million is extra! We can all read, so stop lying.
There's enough room to have a space between your first name and last name. Is JohnCornyn kind of like Cher?
It's 22 more on top of that, ya fucking genius
Add 15 million next year (for a total of 45 million) uninsured by your Senate Bill. Add another 7 million by 2020 for a total of 50 mil.
What was that number before the ACA?
50 million uninsured under Trumpcare. (28 + CBO's 22).
How do you sleep at night?
49 million uninsured under #Trumpcare #AHCA The sick will get sicker, poor poorer and people will die. You are heartless #GOPHypocrisy
So the GOP plan reduces that number, right? #ACA #AHCA
You don’t understand basic math. The ACA reduced the number of insured from 45 million or so to 28; the senate bill would *add* 22 million!
and 21 million MORE uninsured under Trump-Mcconnellcare.
Shame on you.
There were 48 million without insurance before the ACA passed.
John. STOP LYING. STOP. Just because you keep repeating it doesn't make it true. This bill will kill people. You call yourself pro-life? Ha.
Cornyn, your plan is mean, heartless, and so typical of you greedy, power-hungry rethugs
Then propose a plan to lower that number.
Improve it by adding a public option.
And you'll make things worse.
Cornyn please retire do the great state of Texas the gift of your retirement..Republicans are putting politics before people..Dump the Trump
That's an easy fact to check. Seems pretty stupid to tweet such an obvious lie. This is America, only @POTUS gets to lie that blatantly, sir
The fire department only stopped most houses from burning down, so let's get rid of it.
How can you do this to Texans....Americans... #CountryOverParty you're outta here ahole!!
Would have been less if Texas had people in gov that cared about us, unfortunately we have u & @tedcruz so didn't get Medicare expansion.
Stop embarrassing yourself.
What does it feel like to have zero integrity?  Did you ever have it in the 1st place to be able to know the difference? You're a liar, sir.
Right. So let's add 23 million more uninsured.
Why don't you guys just admit health insurance is hard and reach across the aisle to begin to repair the one already in place?
your legislation is a death sentence to many so you can give your rich buddies more money. Not sure how you live with yourself.
