Senator, will you please work NOW for an #IndependentCommission  with subponea power? It is your duty to investigate #TrumpRussia thoroughly
It is the will of your constituents and it is the right thing to do. TIme to rise above politics. Why allow yourself to be Trump's puppet?
Does it really matter? Either way your guy is illegitimate.
Why won't trump release his taxes? Release Trump's taxes
Would you please do your job and quit tweeting conflicting messages?  And instagraming pictures of your iPhone screen..
Says it all.   My senator could care less about us,  our country.   
#LastTermCornyn 
#russia
#WePayYourSalary
And, now we have Putin joining in on the mess. How soon before you defend Putin? Along with stupid Drumpf? You also in bed with Putin
oh see now there's your evidence smh
what evidence are you prepared to provide other than "17 agencies say so"
just sit tight John. The nyt will solve it for you so u can continue to do nothing. U be u.
So, why no full-time staffers for the Intelligence Committee investigating this?
So....now you're saying election results were meddled, what now?  Revote? Removal?  What???? Waiting......
Thank you, Sen Cornyn for taking a stand. Country over party, finally!
Guess you did get briefed after all. Wouldn't know it from the hearings. Texas is counting on a better showing from you next week.
Could we be agreeing on something?
No!  We need full investigation!  Rejoin Paris Agreement!!
DNC never allowed FBI access to server so no one knows! Podesta's compromise was do to a successful cyberattack i.e. Failed To note phishing
damn you're tone deaf!
We pay you and we want an investigation pronto!
who cares?? stop wasting time on insignificant issues that have nothing to do with security or welfare of your constituents in TX....ahca??
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Bullshit!  We're not stupid!
MOST people I know are so SICK of Russian conspiracy theories that we could throw up! You & other Republicans should STOP IT!
Be a leader and do something.
Glad 2 know when #putin declares it so, #trump & #gop fallen in line & declare it 2 B gospel. Shame on U! 
#CountryB4Party #CountryOverParty
John McCain days: Russia's done nothing to deserve relief of punishment for election interference- we should pursue stronger sanctions
Stop reposting headlines you're not sharing anything that is not accessible to the public. This does not constitute working  COWARD
Precisely why we need to keep sanctions in place!
So It happened.  Right?   But by whom is the question now.
For the sake of all Texans and Americans, do your job for us. You work for us not Trump
Wait, what?! Come on, man, tow the partisan party line!
Okay. So, that's bad. What are you going to do to make sure it doesn't happen again?
Oh. If Putin said it.. I mean. It must be true.
The truth is being heard, next the collusion by the polluter and chief's campaign.
Yes, and I have a swamp to sell you. 
A Maj Whip should be sending notes on congressional actions & your view of them.
Well, it could be.
Oh, well if Putin says...Senator, you're going down as possible THE worst ever. SAD!
Oh, now your coming around? You're a tool.
So you would rather believe PUTIN over our national security officials? Noted

Decide John. Are you a patriot or a traitor. So far you've leaned toward the latter and the role you select is not part time.
I am shocked you put more faith in Putin than America's intelligence community. Really who's payroll are you on? Your constituents?
What do you know a d when did you know it john? @txdemwomen
And you believe him?  Same thing he said about Russian troops in Ukraine.
Right , you just keep telling us this. All you have done is Back our Dictator Trump. I admired you for a long time...NEVER AGAIN, traitor.
Please advise your next steps. You acknowledge hackers. What about the multi layer collusion. Top down  espoinage.
So you believe Putin interfered in the election? Please elaborate more John.
ok so can you move past HRC emails since she's not Pres and do something about the criminals in our WH? Please &thanks
You j cornyn, make NO mistake are a traitor- in the deepest purest and most profound sense of the word.
tell this to @realDonaldTrump we already know this. Yet Trump reward him by reopening Russian facilities in NY & MD
Even if true, what would a private hacker gain from Donald Trump being POTUS, and do you really think the Kremlin wouldn't know about it??
Too little from you. 

CASTRO for US Senator 2020
Quit lies. Quit 45 . Quit your position. Just do the world a favor  and QUIT.
Then why do you continue to support Trump Sen. Benedict Arnold ?
Did Putin tell you that when you met with him? Any disclosures John?
Sad it takes Putin to convince you. Now do the right thing and put country before party. #CanCornyn20
so you are fully supportive of this independent investigation, right?  cool.  now about the fact that we're all gonna drown...
Cool Senator! Now you believe anything the Russians say over your own country's intel? Party over Country!
Thanks for taking a stand against Putin & Trump team collusion.  You will help #MAGA
Ah, the "I didn't do it...I just paid someone to do it for me so I'm, technically, not guilty" defense.

#TrumpRussia
What do you plan to do about it, Senator?
You said this to say what??
So you believe Putin but you don't believe what we have been telling you? Remember, WE vote Putin doesn't! Vote this traitor out of office!
You know it's Trump. You just want your agenda met regardless of the consequences to the country. You SUCK!
I'm more worried about who unmasked Putins counterparts in our government. We can't let the deep state win in the fight against Russia!
I doubt the Russians meddled any more than our own government did & does. Let's all get over blaming Russia for Hillary.
You're quite the defender of democracy, aren't you? Sessions should be removed from office. He lied under oath about Russia.
How much $$ has Putin put in yr pocket? Did #45 pay u off?  Trump & Family & minions are involved in #russiagate . Grow a pair of cajones
Who met with Trump staff to orchestrate the conspiracy.
Oh, so at least u agree Russia meddled in election? Why won't u take steps to investigate the extent? Have a spine! Protect us!
So what are you doing about it?
U have known all along how egregious & serious this is. To late. @GOP has put Party before country for to long. #votethemout
Or maybe someone helped them #TrumpRussia
Thank you! Now will you please demand an #IndependentCommission to investigate?
So you believe this now!?
Really? This is from NY Times. I thought you believed their stories were fake news.
Aren't you on the investigation committee?? #DoYourJob #impeachTrumpPence #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #resist
I can't wait until you're voted out of office you lying deceitful man. Or when your extramarital affair goes public. Whichever comes first!
First time you have said something on #trumpRussiaEspionage  Get him out of our WH
Quit drinking the kool aide....your in it up to your eyeballs . You're going down with the ship..
Someday it would be nice to see actual evidence of your statement.
Now you're taking Putin's word over that of our own intelligence agencies? Lovely!
Get the hell out of office if you're not going to represent our best interests.
You must get onboard with proper views! Say no to AHCA, repair ACA, yes to Paris accord
have you been hacked!?!
Well DO YOUR JOB then! Its time to act!! #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress
Senator @JohnCornyn , you need to beef up the investigations and set up an independent committee! too much at stake
I just learned that the right thinks we believe Russians hacked voting machines. I don't know anyone who believes that. Disinfo was enough.
And did they ever succeed! If the Russians wanted chaos, they certainly got it.
Sent you evidence months ago.  DNC leak/hack was manufactured by userid Warren Flood.  xDNC employee BTW.
And what is your plan to address this meddling? Will you finally put #countrybeforeparty and stop acting like a hypocrite?
No he won't. He's an ass kissing hack with no morals.
So what are you going to do about it?
Less talk, more do please
Hey John, maybe Putin knows where you lost your integrity.
We need an independent commission to investigate #Russia-a-lago since you are too busy sightseeing in the border
You admit it happened finally? Great first step! I look forward to seeing you put country before party going forward.
I hear him saying Russia did it all on their own......not so true....they had the RNC, Trump and his minions...maybe Cornyn & Cruz ..to help

So what are you going to do about it? Shame on @SenateGOP #MarchForTruth
John can't name a single specific thing they did. Name 1
So, Senator, you are willing to believe V. Putin not US intelligence agencies? Who are your loyalties to exactly?
AND?????? You think this is WHAT?  Time to start action against treason
So not enough to defend a US colluder wannabe despot, now you are defending a Russian dictator?
Mercy, #Putin is playing #Dems like a fiddle #Putinmania
Don't make a fool of yourself again, please. Reflects poorly on TX.
Of course this was a decision made by Putin. To think ind. Russian hackers would operate against the US without his approval is borscht.
If you ate sure, then why did you waste your questions in the public hearings about Yates not defending the ban? Shame on you! #trumprussia
The USA meddles in elections all the time. ADMIT IT.
Agreed. It's common knowledge, that the USA meddles in others business and others meddle in ours.
Get your email and executive order questions ready for next Intelligence Committee hearing. If you're really brave: unmasking. Partisan hack
#TrumpRussia will take you both down
and yet you enable the traitor in our midst?  who's side are you on senator?
Every country has interfered in elections. US has interfered in 45 country elections. Obama used taxpayers money to interfere in Israels.
What do you make of this? What ??s do you have for Comey? Not C email ??s or abt leaks? You know better now, right?
Johnnie baby everyone knows the interfered in our election. Every IC member that has spoken in public has confirmed.
So r u finally taking this seriously? What do u think about ur party's "president" working w a foreign govt? Or r u just enjoying the power?
Who side are you on America's or  Russia's ?
I had to read this 4 times b/c I couldn't believe I agree with you for once...there is #convfefe after all! #MarchForTruth
Me too!
Then why do you continue to enable his puppet?
And what are you doing about it Senator? What?
So time to really get behind that investigation, no?
YOU have sold us out to RUSSIA for Trump to get sweet bank loans. Every day that passes, you are that much more a traitor.
What are YOU doing about it??
Maybe it was a 400 pounds Russian patriot on his bed somewhere in Moscow.
That's Putin admitting it. Do something about.
I don't understand your point. Do you believe Putin meddled in our election? Will your actions reflect that view or be part of the cover-up?
I'm confused, too. Maybe his Twitter was hacked? Seems unlikely that he just actually made this admission.
...And learning who to target with misinformation by working with the RNC and @realDonaldTrump. How much do YOU know about hacking, Senator?
You *are* aware that you are calling the legitimacy of your own government into question, here, right? Why aren’t you working to impeach?
Do something
Yes!
Is this an admission that what your Dear Leader refers to as "fake news" is, in fact, not fake?
The  #FakeNews  is #Collusion but in fact the emails needed to get out in the public so people knew the sorry demeanor of HC & #Dems team
John you're a hack who will back a traitor before defending America.
So what's your take Senator?
Does this mean you'll continue to obstruct, or naw?
