This issue is complex but I believe there is no excuse for indefinite confinement without prosecution #ruleoflaw
Then there are the 5 Obama traded for a traitor. Where are they today?
this guy was released by Bush while Cornyn was a Senator and he had no problem with it then.
Just curious if you think "who" released him has any bearing on him being a terrorist?
I don't but these guy constant lay the blame on Pres. Obama. My point is that it wasn't.
And how many gitmo detainees, known to be really bad guys, were traded for a possible traitor?
There IS a reason Obama gets a LOT of blame for gitmo releases...
Please list the reasons. The only ones who should get flak over Gitmo are Bush and Cheney. Detention, torture and no eveidence
funny what torture can do to a person. You signing up for Guantanamo to see for yourself? #waterboarding anyone?
still no townhall? Texans don't care much for cowards !
I want to know what you're doing about fringe #Christian groups that brain wash people like the little #terrorist pictured here?
p.s. when is your #TownHall #Texans want to know?
Oh and we're waiting for you to explain why we're about to lose a billion dollars in #trade with #Mexico because #Trumps a dick?
Also have you explained to #Rural #Texans that you are going to destroy #medicade? Have you been to rural Texas? They're sick!
Senator Cornyn, Please do not tweet out "fake news" to your constituents! This is very unbecoming. Get the facts
Really need u to have town hall, so I can figure out how to get paid to show u to be a Plutocrat. OK for free.
It's amazing how when you torture people for years, they end up not liking you very much.
Or, maybe being detained in Quantanamo for 2 years without trial made him that way...#trumprussia #DoYourJob
He was tortured for years. What did we expect?
americans r more likely shot by an infant. Bigger problem is trump's taxes. Release trumps taxes
Why hasn't the investigation into Kremlin White House started yet. Any honest American would already be on it.
Cornyn is anti America security! He want border open !
Wait, you said last week that these outlets were "fake news." But now you're linking them? So confused!
Town Hall!! I'm sure it's a scary prospect, but we deserve to see you in person.
When is your town hall? You have a responsibility to respond to the people who put you in office! We will vote you out!!
when will we see you at a town hall? And will you support an INDEPENDENT investigation into Russia's interference/involvement?
@tedcruz let's discuss this at a town hall? When and where will that be? #wherescornyn #wherescruz?
hey buddy you need to grow SOME BALLS, BB balls.
agreed! Our senators need to do that..1st step would be to stop hiding from constituents! Face the music!
so you're cool with "liberal media" as long as they don't criticize @POTUS? let's talk at your next town hall.
local office rings & rings. Plz fix. Had 2 call D.C. 1-202-224-2934. Local representation?
Cornyn town hall position:
DUh what did you expect
Town hall, please.  C'mon, John…
when's your town hall? i live in texas and would come. you are my representative. when is it?
ok. I'll shelter in place until we get the all clear.
you made a terrorist.
so how many radical Christians have blown themselves up in recent times??
town hall???  #InvestigateRussia
And your point is?
I would love to discuss this and other important issues, like healthcare. When is you town hall?
- will you be more interested in connecting with us when @TedCruz loses his seat next year? #TownHallsTX
When he was released, 13 years ago, George Bush was President and we were all trying to figure out what to do.
How much Tax Payer $$ do you collect for sitting on your ass and tweeting.... Hiding Out???
The guy is radicalized 10 years later. Lesson? Tough to predict human behavior. Stronger vetting and follow ups is required.
you should be worried about your so-called plan for Obamacare. You've got your priorities mixed up.
With Obama releasing them at a furious pace what do you expect a different result?
Says he was from BRITIAN, released in Bush era 2004. 
Are we gonna ban Brits now???
he was held for years and tortured but convicted of no crime. How would you fare after that treatment?
You were a Senator in 2004. What did you do to stop his release? Nothing, you had a different political  then.
Let's talk this over- town hall? Your silence spells fear. You're nothing but Trump without the comb-over. #CornynEqualsTrump
thank you @POTUS44 on whose side were you when released the scumbags? Can't blame it on @realDonaldTrump #uspoli
Timothy mcveigh.  Former army soldier turned Oklahoma terrorist
2/ he was "kidnapped" in islamic state; then in free world 10yrs; goes off to syria to join up=success & not coincidence.
Are we adding England to the ban list?
1/jailed for 2yrs w/o trial; ppl in US can wait that long for a trial & dont become suicide bomber-he was already radicalized
John, enough with the fear mongering and distraction tactics. We'd like a town hall.
Thsts awful but it could possibly be because of detainment. "Imprison me, I'll show you a terrorist." 1/2
And what's the point? Do we keep people in prison w/o due process forever? Do we want to be the world leader in gulags?
Terrible. Could you tell us more at a townhall?
I'm still not afraid of immigrants Senator
Senator, you represent 27 million Texans - did you schedule any Town Halls this week?
Not trying to light a bomb, but a fire, under you.  Hold TOWN HALL MEETINGS.  U'r not too busy; Just Too Chicken!!
Dont let Dumpster see you quoting "fake news"
And to think, you had every chance in the world to bring him into a court of law, and charge him appropriately.
When people are held without due process and subjected to "enhanced interrogation" they don't typically come out loving America
good deflection Senator - did you forget to schedule Town Halls this week?
Was he radicalized BY his Gitmo experience? Do you think this argues for NEVER letting folks go? It is, admittedly, tragic.
why don't you down to Gitmo and get tortured and so what that does to you?
the British government found enough evidence to give him a payout. They didn't do it for nothing.
Instead of showing this guys face, why dont U show your face at a Townhall in a large city
#DoYourJob
@statesman
Former real estate developer turned worst POTUS in history, inspiring disgusting behavior from citizens.
When is your next Town Hall? Are you unable to do anything but tweet? Have you been kidnapped? Should we send a search party?
GITMO is another place you can hide from your constituents during the recess.  Go take a tour.
yes, those aren't nice people. The question is does guantanamo make 5 more suicide bombers?
does it undermine our message to the world, that we are a nation of rules and support international system?
