hate seeing a true disaster politicized based on comments on this thread
But it's politics that allowed homes to be built on flood plains and the destruction of buffer zone environment. Sad but true.
New Orleans is below sea level, it's just a geographical fact that isn't due to politics (Katrina)
Yes, but politics still shapes our cities and responses to natural disasters. There's no arguing that. So when something like Harvey happens
We should take a good hard look at the politics that shaped when went wrong and what went right. It's our duty.
We should have had these conversations before the disaster, especially since we have decades of data to plan.
from NWS, unprecedented event in history
Unprecedented in certain respects, but planning for hurricanes should be standard. We need to adapt to more extreme conditions.
Idk, but seems to me that, although difficult, evacuation should have been mandated, at least for areas already tested by TS Alison.
I personally would have left had our house been affected by Allison. That was the benchmark most people used. Problem is, it was 16 yrs ago
True. I was there too, and thinking that Houston is a very different place with people unfamiliar with how rapidly the city floods.
Sad there aren't city+county benchmarks. It strains me to think that data and knowledge was lost, and couldn't be mined for evac strategies.
So much research was lost in Allison. Flood Control has done a ton of work, but there's only so much, and plus so much construction since.
True, I understand and in no way being contentious. Surely this will be discussed after this disaster, and better systems be developed.
I didn't think you were. And hopefully! I think being in an old, established neighborhood helps us a lot too. New development is limited.
Helps to be in older neighborhoods. I lived near the Menil for four years, and some streets flooded, while others didn't during Alison.
When people say AFTER THE FACT #Houston should have been evacuated where did y'all think 2.3 million people were going to go? #Harvey #NWS
Especially after the Rita evacuation. This stuff is so hard to manage. I lived in Grand Forks in the 1997 flood, but population was tiny.
Entire city evacuated (but there were still some boat rescues.) Then the downtown CAUGHT FIRE.
The reality is the storm is unprecedented and the impact if known wouldn't have been believed by most.
After Grand Forks and Katrina I'm paranoid as all get out and will evac at the drop of a hat.
Is that 22 including current?
Yes. Chance of 60 inches of rain in less than a week
It's impossible to fathom. We had 6" overnight last Monday in KS, and it was historic for us. We will help any way we can. We're Americans.
We're on the KS side if the KC metro. The rain events we've been having are frighteningly abnormal.
This is an unprecedented flood, Angel. It's still gonna rain for days.
What a blessing you made it. Let's pray for those in this current tragedy!
Thank you for interjecting with your edgy antitheism. Everyone in this thread is now aware of your superiority.
Wow!!  Impacts unknown.  Time to start revising weather risks
Climate scientists have been doing this for years. Pity the GOP has spent so much time disregarding them.
#Texans voted for #Trump but will he have their backs?  Let's see where he stands or falls after they're slammed by this #Harvey Wallbanger!
52% Voted for Trump. 43% of us didnt. Let's make that perfectly clear when referring to Texans, okay? & that's only if vote totals are real
Maybe this will make it clear!  Stop voting for GOP politicians or you will suffer as a result of their stupidity!
Sorry 4 you to live in a state filled w/ conservatives or those who don't see importance of voting.  Let's see what the GOP does 4 Houston!
Any evidence of #HurricaneHarvey being a steered frankenstorm ? #BanGeoEngineering #BanHAARP #BanWeatherWarfare
Any evidence that #HurricaneHarvey is a weather weapon?
Holy hell. I've never seen anything like this.

This is the 10 Freeway at the Jefferson County Line in Texas right now. 
Harvey’s flooding is triggering chemical spills, which could cause other environmental disasters
15 TRILLION gallons of rain has fallen as a result of #HurricaneHarvey, with an additional 5-6 TRILLION gallons of rain forecast Wednesday.
Harvey Releases 2 MILLION POUNDS of Pollutants From Oil Refineries.
Oil refineries have released 2 million pounds of chemicals in Harvey's wake, and scientists are worried
#HurricaneHarvey = Texas Oil Refineries Close = 18% of U.S. total oil supply = gas prices skyrocket = gas shortage.
The refinery & oil pipeline spills have contaminated more water. More reasons to go solar, wind, geothermal & get off nuclear,coal,gas&oil
Single weather shouldn't be contributed to climate change. In the long run though, just basic math more & more severe these kinds of events.
To combat climate change one must understand the science and data evidence a bit. To understand climate change requires basic math skills.
Unfortunately for the entire world, US is the biggest CO2 polluter yet most Americans' math skill is on par with bike riding skill of a fish
Wrong.  Do research...:
Climate change didn't occur within last 10 years. It started after industrial revolution & accelerated during 20th century.
If you look at all the contributors by cumulative emission, who's no.1, by a large amount?
Is anyone else thinking "if this was a snowstorm, there'd be 20 feet of snow in Houston"?
I confess, yes. Because I lived in Chicago for most of my life. It's so annoying, but we do those calculations every time.
it's almost as if some bigger phenomenon is behind this.
Maybe something related to the use of giant cans of hair spray used by BonJovi in the 80's?
I shouldn't laugh... but #hairmetal
Laughing is a great response. Happy laughter not cynical! It's clearly environmental damage by human beings. It's up to us to repair it.
As if you could create something on the order of Harvey.
There appears to be a correlation btwn global warming and storm severity... so in a convoluted fashion yup we helped make Harvey
No correlation at all, zero. First major hurricane in 12 years after hysterical forecast in 2005. Mother Nature does what she wants.
Strange. The IPCC says something different. And it's not zero, it says there are patterns emerging. Anyone would think you're a denier ;)
Madness. Is there a place to send money?

Hey Texas the "Deep State" is in action working overtime & mobilized to help you ,not Alex Jones,Breitbart, Sean Hannity! Prayers 4 ALL of U
Is this a good day for conservatives to explain the virtues of smaller govt? #HurricaneHarvey
It's going to take more than Churches to repair this damage. Most likely a country, and govt funding.   Waiting for their replies!
When you think you have it bad remember this. Somewhere a family is on the roof of their flooded house while being under a tornado warning
And yes I know humans come first, but I hope they are saving the family pets and going back for them. Just awful, soooo 
Horrifying, even though we knew that sort of thing was coming.
Would appreciate San Antonio / Austin on the map too.
But no one likes a longhorn 
I'm an Aggie 
Gig'EM
Disastrous hurricane impacts predicted long ago:
Stop with the science - it hurts their brains, kind of like drinking a slurpee too fast.
Wow the hate never ends.
Flood control does work - Public/private partnership.
@brianstelter city officials are downplaying the # of rescues that are happening. Hou got caught w/pants down. Piss poor planning.
"Path of least regret" is a phrase I heard. It's because they didn't want to have Rita II. NWS however was warning of this result DAYS ago.
We are Ft Bend County, just to the left of the H in Houston.
Stay safe, my friend.
I am right above the S in Houston, we have 17 inches so far
Stay safe. The rest of the country is keeping you in our thoughts.
Why are they so undocumented jeer?
*Insurers spraining their wrists citing National Weather Service and invoking force majeure clauses*
This event is unprecedented & all impacts are unknown & beyond anything experienced. Follow orders from officials to ensure safety. #Harvey 
This will be the new normal. Here is a great map suggesting the impacts of climate change on each US county:
When people's lives are on the line, leave it to liberals to push their politics
It’s a map of how this weather trend will impact the US. That’s science. Politics is what you do about it.
May the force of all of us with our humanity pull all of those affected by #harvey through this dark time.
unprecedented -> climate change
Your choice of phrasing  "all impacts unknown" makes me suspect you've calculated the likely outcomes & they're too terrible to make public.
Unprecedented?  I think New Orleans would disagree with you. :/
No, because the conditions were vastly different.
OMG, Cassity!!
Did you have damages at home???
No not bad here yet. Hoping for less rain then what they are predicting over the next few days. Thank you so much for checking on me
fortunately all has been not tragic for your home and country!
There it's too much rain, instead here we have damages by drought! 
Oh that's awful. So sorry. Hope you get the rain you need
Maybe it's time to use science and American ingenuity to update our infrastructure. That means Congress does something. Never mind.........
Welcome to the new normal. The climate models have consistently predicted these kind of weather events. #ClimateChangeIsReal
Not normal, and we are seeing the results.
Unfortunately, these 100 and 500 year events will increase in frequency and intensity. They already are.
Holy shit. People in #Charleston pay attention. This could be us. @chswx highly unlikely but worth learning from. ALL coastal towns.
This year has turned me into a sh*tty person. I saw this & thought  POTUS would make NWS say this so later he can say how bigly he fixed it

Wow…something you never expect to read from @NWS
This event is unprecedented & all impacts are unknown & beyond anything experienced. Follow orders from officials to ensure safety. #Harvey 
So @realDonaldTrump do you think this UNPRECEDENTED WEATHER  EVENT might have anything to do with oh, I don't know, CLIMATE CHANGE?
Lol Katrina was way worse despite less power
This hurricane is stronger and longer lasting than Katrina. New Orleans being below sea level magnified the effects.
Exactly, the topology and defences in place are much more of a greater factor than the strength
I love elephants.
Can you publish a list of needed goods
Honestly in these situations cash is best.
Chris is right. You can spend $4 on bottled water but the charity buys in bulk so that $4 may provide exponentially more
Well really it's about the logistics of getting it there and to the area that needs it most. Fastest way is money
Can you imagine the nightmare of having to warehouse unneeded stuff while you're trying to get people basic help? Good luck to all.
Money it is
Beyond anything experienced.
When ppl who study this for a living utter those words, need to heed them & ask why it's happening—this wasn't normal. Is it the new normal?
No. First major storm to hit mainland in 9+ years. The reason for flooding is the storm isn't being allowed to naturally move
There's a stalled cold front right to the north, that is stopping the storms natural movement.
Prayers are with Texas! Be Safe!
Even worse than Katrina? Wtf?
And considering 45 is shitting on Mex and Can via tweets rn, the 2 countries who sent in responders/ Katrina, aid is looking might slim.
We probably will help anyways.
It's not half of their faults they voted Trump in.
And even Trump voters don't deserve this. 
I need to clarify.
No, they don't.  But we do always hope they'll learn.  Hope springs eternal.
Love wins.
every time!
My heart go out to you all, I hope you are safe.  BTW:  Sir Whacko @realDonaldTrump  #DisassembledFloodProtection days ago #ImpeachTrumpNow
You're so lucky, Matt. :)
That's like a normal August for us
How many people have evolved into having gills?
We glue them on
lol
NOTICE: If you're at risk in the flood zone, write your name on your arm with a sharpie.
If voted for Trump, write SUCKER on your forehead.
I think we're gonna need a bigger boat.
But @SylvesterTurner knew better than the @NWSHouston.
@WeatherKait and President Trump is sending resources in but not getting in way. Thats  a President. God love Texas......
and yet his actions spit in the face of efforts to help fight climate change, but yeah, whatever.
Sums up the Trump presidency nicely.
do you people ever stop? WOW
They should get the same amount if help they wanted to give NJ and NY after Sandy.  Zero.  Texas thinks they can be independent, prove it.
If I remember correctly about 110 years ago a similar storm hit the area.
Are you and your family safe? We have family near the Brazos in Simonton as well as other areas of Houston.
Mother Nature takes many forms... Lovely Flowers , Beautiful Angel like Babies...and then, at Her Chosen Moment Destroys  All .. Amen
There will be complete neighborhoods that they'll have to bulldoze & will basically be erased off of the face of earth, a black mold culture
Yes. But we will rebuild.
Probably have to fight insurance companies over the damage, flood vs hurricane policy
I know. If there are problems the need to out the insurance companies that try to screw them.
Every day houses sit in floodwater, it doesn't take long for mold fungus etc. to take over
I know. It will take years to recover.
Wow
The map is off the scale really.
Prayers to y'all!!
Between Houston and the 713 number brick ranch styles homes a lot of land waiting to be rescued!
@Jdtucci
@realDonaldTrump this is what happens when you don't fill leadersip jobs. #Trump failure.#noconfidence #Notrust #resist
"So far, so good"- Orange Moron
Hard to say sitting up here in Canada looking down but try to remain calm and if needed wait for help to arrive.
@hustonarthur sua Cidade aí kkkkkkk
Kkkkk
That message might as well say "Smoke 'em if you got 'em!".  :/
WOW... never seen an advisory like that.
Wow, I'm glad I Just Missed It By 2 weeks Thank God
Coming from @NWS, this is no hyperbole.
Huge!
Meanwhile, @realDonaldTrump is golfing

Major rescue operations underway!
Tweeting from the golf field. He stands corrected ;)
Just a glimpse... #climatechange
Unprecedented?  Sandy?  Katrina?
May folks get access, may folks be safe. #houston
Seas are unstable still yet, seek to see a coo coo fly in. Stakes are high, in the gulf states. Bring reviews to page of mine. Robin not her
This storm is absolutely bananas.
This is crazy.  Once every five year rain event!   90°week followed by a week of 70° weather, all summer long.  World weather is teetering
Actually, allegedly a once every five HUNDRED year rain event. Heard that on one of the weather channels. Oh, and from 45.
Yeah 500, I've covfefe that
One estimate was 6" of rain in Houston until tmw morning - over 40" total in some areas. We had 4" in an evening, and flooded (S. FL)
40" is biblical
Well, it IS Texas... But 6" in an hour isn't surprising. Until morning? 6hr x 6" = 42".
I don't think so.
So sad! 
Guys, please stop bringing politics into this situation. This is a life-threatening situation and you want to bring politics into this? smdh
This is the #TeaParty #Texas Stance on #ClimateChange 

#Harvey 

Let's see... wasn't it Texas that refused to vote for aide to Sandy? Hmmmm.

 and Science.
@DevannGuidryy just in case u need to send this to anyone.
Gotcha I just wish this would end already :(
Always excuses. is not a first time Tx, Hit by Hurricane, Houston is in under Harris County, Most Corrupted.Control by Lazy People.
This storm is so big… South West Florida is getting heavy rain from the bands. Prayers to those in Texas. Please help those people in Texas.
It looks --that map-- like a monstrous, evil wound!
@realDonaldTrump CLIMATE CHANGE. Banning the words doesn't change the impact. #presidentasshat
Thank you #MAGA #Cult45 #ClimateDeniers #TrumpTrain racist morons who voted shitstain @realDonaldTrump #TrumpRussia #TrumpTreason #Impeach45
Bring me a hot meal
@SubrinaDhammi this is so awful
Unexpected? Really? Due to denial? Can you say "Global Warming" ?
What a scary statement by NWS.   But true.
@authorKRussell FYI. IT WASNT EXPECTED. SWERVE.
Is this fake news , I cannot tell anymore .
God bless every, single soul down there and every responder and rescuer. This a horrible event but our people are just amazing and awesome!
Looks like you need a "Greater than 20 inches" color.
Unprecedented even in weezeeanna, Has An Ominous and Deadly Undertones!! #BESAFE!
Mother Nature at Her best
make sure you follow orders
wow!
Prayers and positive vibes for all 
Our worst Natural Disaster ever, during the worst Presidential Administration ever !!  Oh Great !!!  Sigh....
I can't believe all the politics being bandied about while people are suffering. Shameful comments. Lets keep our eyes focused.
Politics is honorable discussion about citizen's well-being.
Human creates a monster.
i know right 
As unprecedented as a President who doesn't believe in science?
people just never never learn.
get used to it
Tonight I am thinking about the people in shelters, stuck in flooded homes or sleeping on roofs in tents. I gave $, wish I could do more
What makes it “unprecedented”? The fact that the storm is so slow moving?
https://twitter.com/trumptrain45pac/status/901894103025164288 …
There's never been a hurricane that's caused that much rain?
Listen to your elders: "Every storm now is different because of how we're modifying the climate of the Earth" ~Al Gore (yep, that guy)
FORGET THAT "WALL"!  Take that money and help these citizens rebuild.
Wow
"Unknown & beyond anything experienced" except for Donald Trump's magnificent electoral college victory.
"Unprecedented" never happened before, because #Climate is changing, #ClimateChaos growing more likely each day.
Like "stay put" until that is your up to your neck in water and shit.. then try calling 911 with the other few million poor sods
.@SenTedCruz Traumatic floods, fires, & storms of all kinds are fed by #climatechange. No time to change carbon pollution rules & gut #EPA
Stay safe kush!
Thanks Rohan! Pray for Houston!
We were warned yrs ago by All Gore.
Follow orders from officials ? You mean from your Potus, @realDonaldTrump ? Lol…
#Houston #houstonflood
Prayers for Texas! 
I guess I'm confused, I heard since like Thursday that this would be an extreme flood event. I'm in NC and we've seen it before here...
You had a cat 4 in 1954
Or as scientists call it; #climatechange
Remember the Alamo
Climate change is real and this will become more commonplace. Meanwhile, we have a president reversing attempts to do something. #impeach
http://bit.ly/2ufldJD 
WOW
Know I pray everyday for the world, a lot will change after the eclipse  that was not just a eclipse
Thank you NWS! Very grateful your not fake since
Si precaución Dios los bendiga a todos cuídense dios con ustedes  Tejanos
Contact info for #houstonflood emergency management lower in thread -
See replies in link for addresses of those who need immediate rescuing from severe flooding, 911 is not responding:
https://twitter.com/HoustonTX/status/901741970065907712 …
Geoengineering, much!?
your Tweet was quoted by @USATODAY  https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/2017/08/28/tropical-storm-hurricane-harvey-what-we-know/607246001/ …
Official orders can't deal with a 1000+ yr flood event...
Dr. Jennifer Francis, Rutgers, predicted these kinds of 'stuck weather pattern' nightmare events in 2012.
Why is TX still using 50+ year old data for predicting rainfall? This site says it’s being updated. Why the delay?
https://hdsc.nws.noaa.gov/hdsc/pfds/ 
Unfortunately people in Houston are now trapped no way out
Biblical.
@realDonaldTrump says it's a scam, SAD 
Not good, it only took 4.7inch to cause utter havoc in UK in 2007
Is that katrina? -12 years later?
But whatever you do, don't say #climatechange heckuva job there @POTUS & @GOP
Nope, absolutely no Global Warming. Nothing to see here, right @tedcruz ??
It's a big storm with lots of flooding.
So scared for my #houston friends.
@SylvesterTurner says these graphics are #FakeNews and should be ignored.
Houston 
Even just 3ft of water can wick all of the way up to the ceiling.....
If Trump is your guy, I hope you feel safe & confident in his guidance & leadership. If not, FEMA, NWS & emergency response teams are on it.
Trump is our guy, thanks
This has nothing to do with climate change, good advice DJT
Do you nasty ppl have a heart. People of all races and parties are in danger. Have a heart for someone other than yourselves.
Be safe Texas!
We're able to control your life but not the weather here. It's should have hit Mexico instead of USA
Well, in the Trump era, I guess all government agencies are now required to speak only in ultra-superlatives, beyond any other superlatives.
If all impacts are unknown, what exactly makes it "unprecedented"?
God help your people

Yes #weather & #climate are different, but I didn't spend 25+ years as a TV #Meteorologist and learn nothing, we ARE partly to blame4 #HouWX
I'm willing to bet 45 will DEMAND his wall and IGNORE the suffering that will happen in TX for the rest of his tenure.
Climate change is still a Chinese creation.
Make America great again and good luck my fellow americans, white ones of course.
Oh, my Hometown!! #Houston #HarveyFlood .
, d
someone tells you climate change  is a hoax  take their "Life Jacket " away
Weather currents that has happened for millennia is proof of climate change ... 
Sounds like the state of our nation.
Fearmongering, Katrina was worse.
Katrina was a man-made disaster due (in NOLA) to levee failure & MRGO. This is strictly a weather event.
I recommend the color Brown for expected precipitation over the 20".
You never know when you have to face a situation like this. Please help all the ones already had to evacuate their homes.
Follow orders from politicians who cheated their way into office.. good luck
Stay away from Go fund me....a lot of scams on there.
Didn't Allison dump 40" just 16 years ago? Doesn't seem so unprecedented, although still equally horrific
almost like climate change is happening like the science predicted
See, if there were such thing as global warming all the water would've evaporated already. This is just proof that God is mad at democrats.
This is the #TeaParty #Texas Stance on #ClimateChange 

#Harvey
Drill baby, drill!
Please get these people help. National Guard or whatever needs to be done to help them. Please.
Luckily so far we've only had a short power outage but today the rain has been coming down hard.

#Texans face new day from crushed, bruised and broken aftermath of #Harvey with fellowship, #hope & #PrayersforTexas https://jdcpredictions.blogspot.com/2017/08/aug2817-pertaining-to-something-broken.html … 
1919: Corpus Christi. Not unprecedented! Who at @NWS is tweeting this crap? It's in history books.
I have 3 households of family in Houston. Pics from all are devastating.  Damage already is incalculable. And more coming!
When did the mayor of Houston say stay. But the governor said get out?
