Show us your replacement bill.
Do you have employer-sponsored health insurance? Congrats, the govt subsidizes it. They get a tax credit for every $ spent on your ins.
And do you like that it covers an annual physical and preventative care like flu shots & colonoscopies at no charge? GOP wants to end that.
Do you have a wife? GOP wants to end automatic coverage of maternity care, so you can pay extra or it won't be covered.
Want to add maternity care? Sorry, the GOP wants to make you wait 6 months before you can get it.
Got a wife AND daughters? The GOP wants to go back to the days when insurance companies could charge you more for their policies.
Want to hear a novel idea? Insurance companies r businesses , like auto insurance co. They need to make money
In case you don't understand this government ends up paying for people either way. It is more efficient for them to have insurance and be...
Healthy ! Much cheaper for us to pay for blood pressure men's than triple bypass! Wake up tell Texans the truth!
We know the truth. That's why we literally have the best medical care in the world. Have you been to Houston?
Are you joking? There is no metric by which we have the best medical care in the world. TX has a Third World maternal death rate.
BTW, I've lived in Houston. Are you referring to MD Anderson? May be a great cancer center, but I've had 4 friends die there. Unimpressed.
So it's not internationally recognized as the number one cancer treatment and research center because people died there? Okaaaaaaay.
And TX Women's and TX Children's aren't internationally ranked at being the BEST at what they do either. Because bad things happen.
Wouldn't you have strongly negative feelings about a place if 4 people you cared about suffered and died under its care?
Just make sure you've read Olivia's story before casting that vote.
Hey @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz. This is Olivia. Medicaid and the ACA keep her alive. Thought you should know. http://protectourcare.us/stories/stories-by-state/texas-stories … 
@indivisibleATX that's why we're doing this. Medicaid doesn't "keep her alive" because it doesn't improve health outcomes. #factsonly

Also: Pretty sure Olivia doesn't care about statistical probability of health outcomes.
You're right. Which is why we as adults have to care about her for her. Which is why we need to get her BETTER coverage for less $$$
We'll wait here for the plan to do that.
You know that people had insurance before ACA right? And that no one was letting babies die on the street in the 80s & 90s and 00s right?
Or are you a millennial who thinks that before socialism nothing worked when in fact it's the opposite?
About to lose 4,000 company employer insurance because of Obamacare @JohnCornyn: The foundation of Obamacare is a fine by government for ..
How did that go?
Hi John!  Listened to your voicemail or read your emails lately?  The people of Texas are DONE!  Let it go John.  You lost.
I am convinced that the way Cornyn and staffers respond to full voicemail is by pressing the "Clear Mailbox" button.
In the maybe 500 times I've called I've not gotten to a person and the voice mail was always full
I call the DC office & nearly always get a staffer.  Once, when he didn't seem to be listening, I made him repeat back what I'd said.
Good tactic 
INCUMBENTS CAN'T PROVIDE RESULTS WILL BE VOTED OUT.   #cluelesscongress
How sad that you actually believe that harming millions is justified by your party allegiance. When did being a Repub trump being an Amercn?
Yeah John, about that repeal thing? Hahahahahaha
And yet another swing and a miss.
VOTE ALL INCUMBENTS OUT!!!
#cluelesscongress
Basis of insurance is to ensure the biggest pool of participants so the cost is spread!
"Today I will take away your healthcare & more mwah ha ha..."
Well aren't you a ray of sunshine. Out in 2020
VOTE INCUMBENTS OUT OF OFFICE!
ha ha ha...it failed.   You aren't for the people...you are in the boys club and follow orders.  Nothing more than a bobbing head.  Ick.
VOTE CLUELESS INCUMBENTS INCLUDING CORNYN OUT!!!
Vote clueless incumbents out
Oops.  Guess not.  Haha
Good call.
More lies told by John, adopting the behavior from the top. The Skinny Bill - Premiums up by 20% and Uninsured  goes up by 16 million
That foundation is what supports coverage of pre-existing conditions and is much in nature of requiring auto insurance.  Break it, own it.
TX has the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world, but let's cut Medicaid. #solidaritychat #prolife4wholelife @AmSolidarity
Wow! Why are so many women dying in Texas? #solidaritychat
In short, lack of needed medical care. Also... partisan politics. https://www.texasobserver.org/texas-worst-maternal-mortality-rate-developed-world-lawmakers-priorities/ … #wecandobetter #prolife4wholelife #solidaritychat
"we couldn’t tackle this issue...We debated bathrooms all night. There are women dying." What an indictment of our values 
#solidaritychat
I will be working so hard to ensure you never get elected again.
All incumbents out!!
You're repealing what's needed most.  Basis of Insurance is get biggest pool in order to spread costs!
#cluelesscongress
That is best part - ACA. Unless US offers universal medical for all Americans including Congress, Insurance 101 = biggest pool spreads cost!
Best part of ACA is mandate. US should offer universal medical to all Americans (includ Congress) Insurance 101 = biggest pool spreads cost!
And the Medicaid cuts are because?
The Medicaid cuts are because we hate the unborn once they are born.
GOP/RepubliCons hate Charity. Real "Christian-like, right? HYPOCRITES.
The individual mandate was designed and proposed by the Heritage Foundation.  You just hate it because a black dude got it into law.
BOOM
Used to be called Romneycare, after he implemented it as Governor. Then, Along Came Obama....
What happened John? Seems like a big fat fail. 7  years to plan and republicans can't even keep a promise with a majority.

How did that work out?
....and come election time we will replace you.
Thank God you failed today!  My daughter is safe for now!
I think we may have to wait until 2019 after we've elected a few more republicans (2018) to offset the Rinos.
How'd that work out for you senator?
Why? Why bother? Lindsey Grahm and John McCain spoke! And why should we longer care?
Looking forward to voting you out of office.
Sorry it failed! Next time let's try and play nice and actually work together. :)

Hi 
What happened? We've waited 8 years. We've gone from "read the bill" to a thumbs-down gesture towards millions of Americans. Unacceptable
Not today, John boy.
You mean the idea endorsed by @AmerMedicalAssn @AARP and most doctors in the country? Good idea to get rid of that and Medicare. #idiot
So, what do you propose to make healthcare available for all Americans?
You are disgusting and you will go down in history as either a monster or a spineless idiot.
In Texas, a person pays a fine for not having auto liability insurance. And, the state receives the proceeds.
Pass a bill hoping it never becomes law is not a win. It's a punt it's an insult you lost this one but way to give trump win
Repeal or be replaced
So you dont like the Supreme Courts decision so are going to throw millions off healthcare...are you a Christian?
Whay will you put in its place? Those of us with chronic disease need protections from out of control costs #ProtectPatientsNow #MSActivist
Whay - meant what. Fix what doesn't work instead of pulling rug out from under those w/chronic conditions. #MSActivist #ProtectPatientsNow
Rename it the "Albatross Bill". Will be hung around every R's neck in '18 and '20.  #TimeToFlushTheJohn
John Cornyn 40% conservative voting record couldn't find his way out of an open paper sack lying on its side. He is the swamp!
No it is an attempt to protect us from a healthcare disaster and help us live a better life!  Otherwise people go to ER and we pay for it
How is this working?  Is the fine gone?
Repair not repeal. Your heart is cold.
Prediction: you suck. Oh, wait...
Not a chance in hell!
You have no fucking plan.
Called today and left you a message!  Thank you for your respect and support..I'll return it come election day
Pharmaceutical contract bidding would be a market and capitalistic strategy
Why not the same passion about homeowners or auto insurance we're forced to have? I know why - No money in it for you.

#Theresistance
How about you take the same deal for your insurance?
How about drug negotiations?
I hope you can live with yourself while people die. Can't wait to vote you OUT
Why not just eliminate the penalty for not having  it?Instead of being murderers you would be heroes and patriots.
The "& more" is people will die.
The foundation of any gov program is taxing citizens to pay for it. Unless you're for abolishing the tax system, your logic is deeply flawed
Repeal the whole thing and be done with it. Get out of the insurance business. Private sector is better at it than you are.
Great go against majority of Americans who don't want ACA repeald.Givg B$ most wealthest allowg children to die.No JUSTIFICATION
we watched you play parlor tricks for 8 years holding it up while you were making money on it, you haven't fooled us
1.7 M Texans are predicted to lose their insurance. Texas deserves better than Cornyn.
Didn't happen.
The foundation of today's GOP is party over country. Hopefully you will be denied power for decades to come.
I want you to think about something John. If you don't replace the ACA, imagine Democrats rule house and senate for the next 30 years!
The middle class has suffered because of Obamacare. You guys have had all of these years to have something in place and you've done nothing!
If you don't it will be the end of the GOP. You will never be in power in the house or senate again. We have suffered because of the ACA
This is a bad bill and u know it.
Right, everyone needs insurance they can afford. We are all 1 bad illness or accident away from needing it.  WE pay for those w/o insurance
Repealing a bill that will further undermine the insurance of millions is foolhardy. Please do the difficult thing, work with all of Senate
Medicare for all
Senate republicans can't agree on anything. We put you in office to what we want. Not what puts money in your own pockets
The foundation of Obamacare is an attempt to bridge the gap between more people being covered and universal healthcare. 

2020, John.
Give it up John. The public is on to ur lies.
Doesn't the Senate bill "fine" people for not having insurance by forcing them to wait 6 months, charging higher premiums?
.@JohnCornyn Our blood will B on your hands. #ACA saved my life. 
Ppl have car insurance & that's 4 material posession. This is HUMAN LIVES!
The reason for individual mandate is well understood, but you continue to act like you don't understand it. That's ok, you'll be fired soon
Do not repeal Obamacare
2018 can't get here fast enough
And screw 15M out of insurance initially, then sink the whole system.
Same as my car insurance and home insurance.
Prediction:  you lose this and your next term election. 
I hope you are right!  Keep up the good fight!!!
In order to free up the states & individuals, you must replace Federal employer health care tax deduction w/ something less market warping.
So, you're lying about not wanting skinny repeal to go to the President's desk?
Prediction: We will vote you out of office in 2020.
@JohnCornyn so you voted FOR repeal and no replacement. Your constituents vote NO. You work for 45 and your narcissistic ego. Career over.
@SenateRPC  Does that make you, donors happy John? To pull the rug out from under people's lives? You have NO SOUL in your body.
You sound so fake.

https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3585 
Just do it.
ACA sucks give us universal nationalized coverage
p.s. I'm an oil & gas attorney, age 40, not a college student w/o a clue. You are losing touch with what Americans want. /2
The promise of Ocare is to create a healthier public, and to provide a means of helping to pay for it. I'm for it, even if I pay more. /1
Wrong! And totally misleading! Obama Care was to heal all people get insurance
@USA_Samaritan I want to price services on front end. 1st step 4 reform-transparency in pricing of services & Rx.
This is a terrible thought process you've developed. Americans get sick, help cure them.
@JohnCornyn Republicans are being short sighted and uncaring in this unrelenting march to repeal.
#GOPdontcare
prediction: GOP will be handed their asses in midterm elections
@JohnCornyn The ACA offers subsidies to low income people to help them pay for healthcare.
Wrong again. The fdn of ACA is regulating HC to ensure ppl get coverage, aren't ripped off by ins cos. It only works if all buy in.
@JohnCornyn Regardless of preexisting conditions. To allow children to stay on parents policy until age 26.
@USA_Samaritan Sure you will-Not climbing on back of turnip truck again. Say goodbye 2 [useless] majority & write own WTF book
@JohnCornyn The foundation of #Obamacare is to help #Americans get and keep #affordable healthcare
uninsured people go to ERs with entirely preventable issues, dump entire cost on to local taxpayers. You're ignoring hidden cost.
You are betraying the people of Texas. We won't forget your lack of compassion for those who need it most @JohnCornyn Party over country
Why? The constituents have spoken. We don't want this! You do. You got paid 180k. Remember?
Legislation by stealth is not how the democratic process is supposed to work. 
You promised transparency and fulsome debate. 
This ain't it.
Welcome to society where we have an obligation to help one another, and yes, that's through taxes.
No, the foundation of the ACA is patient protection. The ACA has saved American lives.
What's next? Repealing the car insurance requirement?
the foundation of all insurance markets, health, auto, home, life - is to spread the risk. Without that spread, no insurance is affordable.
Dude- this is important to help all people.  There isn't a soul who doesn't need med insurance.
what was wrong with health insurance before obamacare? why do we need the gov involved at all
Senator, you are a liar who ignores your constituents phone calls, emails & requests for meetings. #donotrepeal #shameontheGOP
How about we all have the same healthcare you are offered? Only repeal of you have something to replace it allowing everyone to have cover
Good news! Now deadbeats who aren't forced to buy insurance will stop buying it. Then, when they go to hospital we all get to pay for them
By taking away healthcare without a viable option for the most vulnerable people will be motivated to unseat R's across the nation.
#RepealDontReplace #Obamacare
Short memory - I thought your slogan was repeal and replace, now it's repeal and more???  Still comfortable as a stooge for Putin's Bubba J?
Your forecasts re worst than the weather forecast! But at least the meteorologists have a soul and you do not, Christian John, pitiful
Please don't! The lives of many people are at risk-pls listen to your constituents. We don't want a replacement-def not one we haven't seen!
Kick 15-32 million ppl off insurance! & lesson tax burden of 1%, healthcare ind & big pharma, that's far more important! Medicare 4 all!
The foundation of the ACA is the reality that a healthy America that takes care of its citizens is safer from all threats domestic & abroad.
And destroy the individual insurance market.
Your words have been worthless for almost a decade. Let's do what best for the $22 million who will lose coverage.
So, what is income tax then?
Show us what you have.  Let us engage in true bipartisan discussion, not this mysterious, half-cocked middle of the night bullshit.
Oh, you just want to get rid of the mandate+fine, and keep everything else? Single Payer it is then!
I have been trying to call your office 4 2 days.  Mailbox full. Work together to fix ACA.
I know you are a follower and not a leader... but stand up for your constituents for once and vote no on "skinny repeal."
Here's a skinny replace idea:  make it law to carry ins after age 26 , mandate protect preexising conditions, allow HSA $ used for premiums
An illegal tax by an exalted "monarch" on our soil - remember our ex-colonialist heritage.  End this over stepping by a bloated govt
Nope. You might want to take a moment to understand what it is you're struggling to repeal.
Everybody out for themselves, eh?
C'mon Senator, isn't auto insurance mandated? If I'm uninsured, don't I cost taxpayers in the end? You're a better man than this Senator!
Go to back to work
Do you Republicans realize how insane Trump, Bannon, Stephen Miller, and Sessions are? It's time you all take off your rose-colored glasses
...and do your jobs!
JUST MEDICAID N MEDICARE ALONE, PLEASE!  77015
LEAVE
In 2020, I expect Texas will repeal you.
So now you are gleefully telling me you can't wait to take away my health care. Smooth Move Exlax!
@senategop @SenTedCruz @SenMajLdr BAD IDEA!! If people buy minimal coverage, they will NOT have medical care when they need it the most!
Wrong. The foundation of Ocare is having as many Americans as possible covered by quality insurance.

No wonder you can't come up w/ a plan.
But you won't tell the American people what it is before you vote. That's NOT doing you job, Senator. That's treatchery. @gop
Please Stop telling us you all are going to do it and Actually Do It !..You all have piddled around for Months on this ! #getitdone
Listen to your constituents, the American people, and especially the CBO. Give up this idiocy.
Go away!
That fine is necessary to keep healthy people in the pool and drive costs down. Healthcare 101, dude.
Repeal it all. Now.
Just Repeal OsamaCare
You do realize that w/out the individ. mandate, only sick people will sign up. Unsustainable!
Why do you hate women, children, the elderly, and the poor?
