your constituents are really not happy.  Nov 3, 2018 is not that far away. Your number's up unless you start listening to us.
oh sorry, unfortunately we get to have him until 2021.
ah!!  You're quite right, John Cornyn's reelection date is Nov 3, 2020!  It's Ted Cruz who's up in 2018. Nov 6.
yeah but a girl can dream, right? 
yes it was a bad decision!!!
Of course you did. Is that what your constituents wanted? How do you know?
#Texas won't forget your refusal to #listentoconstituents, you're out in 2020 #wehaveeyes #resist
as it should be. Now do the will of Texans, JC!
Now that since his nomination he can remember his agency's name and what it actually does. Way to stand on your principles John.
congratulations you voted for someone unqualified to watch over our nuclear energy programs.
When @SecretaryPerry abolishes his own Agency, is he eligible for unemployment benefits through the Great State of Texas?
Of course you would!
Way to vote for the guy that wanted to abolish the department and didn't even know what it did.
So disappointing. A scientist belongs in this role. #DoYourJob
U better stand w sessions 
Dems doing this bc they fear he'll fix voter ID
, actually we are concerned about Russia's interference in election and ties with this admin.
Hi egg
Obama said no interference w vote
Revealed was dems rigged4hillary&their emails
- did you tell him what the job involved first?
again, another person who is not qualified, he didn't even know what the department of energy was in charge of.
of course you did  You are an embarrassment to our great state 
proving you care nothing about the department that manages our most dangerous weapons.  Sad.
Guess he is not in such a hurry to get rid of that department now? Too bad he has no idea what the department is all about
Then you should be ashamed.
all you rethugs keep looking out for yourselves. I'm voting against you next election
you are a fool
Well if you're quiet about it, no one will know
"Just get on down the road." said Rick Perry. Embarrassing.
so very embarrassed for you to be our senator. When is your #TownHall near Houston? #YouWorkForUs Signed a voter from 77379.
Of course you did. #disgraceful
how about a town hall to talk about why this is not something you should be proud of along with many of your other cabinet votes
Gov Perry must promote Real Clean energy -- wind and solar and stop our reliance on fossil fuels. Especially fracking.
Why?! #poorchoice
Of course you did. He's completely unqualified, but he's GOP, and that's more important. Only surprise - you bragged about it.
You hit the nail on the head
What an idiotic thing to do.
Why? Just a politician with no engineering background who doesn't believe in evolution, climate change or Russia?
I just ate a waffle. My choice is safer for our nuclear arsenal.
and I will be voting you out @JohnCornyn
Not much love on your feed today...think maybe you should begin listening?  Don't tell me you believe all these people are paid
May God forgive you.
voting for Perry to be SoE is not something you tweet about. It's something you shamefully do when no one is looking.
Disappointing but not surprising that you would support former Governor Hair. Texas deserves so much better than you or Perry.
what a fool!
Of course you did. Toe that  party line. He's completely and utterly unqualified. Only Carson is less qualified for his post.
Sir, I am one of your constituents. I have contacted you before by phone & e-mail.  I want you to know I'm disappointed in you.
you voted for one of the least qualified persons for this position.
SHAME ON YOU!a. As a Texan & American I'm disappointed. You do know he was indicted by the Grand Jury in 2014 in Austin, TX
you're nuts.
Oh now we have a Dancing With The Stars Contestant in charge of our nuclear weapons.  Good Move There Senator.
Gov Goodhair ought to stick to Dancing w/ Stars
game over man, game over
Why?
, do yout staffers read these?  It seems you aren't listening to your constituents.
just perfect Aggie with an animal husbandry degree in charge of a dept he cannot possibly ever understand.
Nov.  3, 2020.  Remember that date.   See what happens when you ignore your constituents
wrong vote senator.
Can't wait until 2020 to vote against you. #townhall2017 #townhall u can't hide from us forever
one of Trump's least qualified nominees, btw
when will u meet with TX voters? When will u demand to see Trump's taxes? What ab the independent investigation?  #RussiaGate
what were you thinking?
Can't wait to vote you and your cronies out.
really he didn't even know what the main function on the department was?!!!!!!!
- Has HE talked to Russian operatives too? If so, he'll fit right in 45 WH. #InvestigateRussiaGate #2020 #NotPaidProtester
He needs to go inside the reactors and make sure, all is well.
Gag, trump picked the dumbest of the dumb with Perry and you just voted for him!
oops.
@GovernorPerry has no business replacing @DrGraceBochenek ...he knows nothing about the position...ridiculous 2020
C's in college science classes and now he's in charge of nuclear energy 
For shame.
of course you did puppy. Did he actually do his homework, does actually have a clue what the job entails?
oh great, just what we need...more #socalledgovernment
.@johncornyn I wouldn't brag about that.Traitor.
thank you
what's that--strike 1,356? Way to keep supporting incompetence.
Do u realize that you voted for  a man who got a D in a class entitled Meat in charge of a nuclear arsenal?You're so out in '20.
Now vote to impeach Trump and get rid of Sessions! #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS #iamnotpaid 75831
He is less dangerous than the other cabinet members, so thanks for your vote.
I challenge that dancin' cowboy to visit the dangerous plants in Houston. Hubby worked there for many scary years. Need regs.
gross
@MariaBartiromo well duh?  RINO
Wow! What an accomplishment.
really looking forward to digging into the why around this during your town hall, Johnny.
I find this relatively unobjectionable compared to the other shenanigans happening now.
.@JohnCornyn So does that leave you time to ask for a special prosecutor for #russiagate?
not good
I love what Rick Perry did for Wind Power in Texas.  Concerned about his credtials in the Nuclear space.  #windpower
Too bad. I don't think this will go well.
Did you teach him what the DOE does?
That was dumb. Surely you've heard that guy talk, right?
why does that make us laugh? He isn't qualified in any way to run this agency and you know it.
I'm a Texan saw you on Tucker .Texans WANT the wall
Reminds me of the movie Dumb and Dumber.
of course you did, you always vote the party line. Now is he going to eliminate his own department? #investigatetrump #sessions?
Oops
nobody asked for this-check your voicemail and you would know.
wow. Can't wait to vote you out in 2020.
I just hope he figures out what the job consists of before he's sworn in.
you won't get our vote #votehimout2020
.@JohnCornyn how do you rationalize going from a nuclear physicist to this?
Yeah...bfd. What about AG Sessions??
dum
, thanks for the reminder.  We won't forget your votes for DeVos and Carson, and your participation in Russia coverup, in 2020.
this isn't something you should be proud to announce
So the plan IS to have the inmates run the asylum.
WOW. Do you know what a vote is? Or what he would be doing? Cause he doesn't.  #goingtogobuildanuclearfalloutshelter #byenow
Yet another #PoorChoice that you have made
#NotSomethingToBeProudOf This is a man who didn't even know what the DOE does #AreYouCrazy
@ACLJ @VP 
Need to start investigating all depts under Obama! All were corrupt. Charges need to be filed. Americans demand it!
you know what your constituents say? "There's fools and then there's damn fools"
the irony is just staggering...
I bet you're really proud
Yikes
You do know he wanted to eliminate that department, right? Even though he could not remember its name?? #badchoice
thanks for screwing us over! It won't be forgotten.
now that's a joke! #HairdoGovernor
Trump won in TX so u should support him & do ur job.
such a mistake. Big. Huge. Rick Perry doesn't even know what Dept. of Energy DOES.
Appointed to the Department he wanted to do away with, eh? That should be interesting.
SHOCKING?
you chose Party over Country again. No one is surprised. Your constituents are watching even though you aren't listening #Shame
ok so now you need to get Sessions out. This Russia thing is coming together quickly. Don't get caught up in the lying
he doesn't even know what the job entails. Great job listening to your constituents 
awesome job Senator!
of course you did but it's nothing to brag about.
Instead of Dancing with the Stars he's swimming with the shark 
Please tell us when UR going 2 finally do something about @POTUS!? Sessions is the 5th Cab. Mem. caught lying under oath! SHAME!
Wasn't that the department he wanted to get rid of ???
That's great. Now can you please stand up and defend @jeffsessions if you haven't already?
Whyyyyyyyy? How could this be an even mediocre choice?
no one cares John, that's not news.  Let us know when you show up to do something about Sessions and Putin.  That would be news.
Weeeeeeellllll,  hoodathunkit?
why the heck not? u voted forSessions and DeVos #partyovercountry
good guy
because he is so qualified?
You should probably abstain in the future. Ur track record is poor: DeVos, Price, Sessions, Putin.
Brilliant move there John I am sure he is qualified NOT
I hope you are starting work on my Wall?
Ugh.
you mean the guy who didn't even know what the department did until he was nominated?
Seriously?  You know is unqualified. Cronyism at its best.
In spite of my name, I USED to be moderate and I have voted for you. Never, never, never again. #WhatWasIThinking?
yeah his experience is overwhelming since he had wanted to cut a Dept he couldn't remember & didn't know what it was for 
Why?
farcical = of or resembling a farce, especially because of absurd or ridiculous aspects.
Another unqualified person with questionable loyalties in a position to shape our nation.
sir, do YOU know what the Dept actually does? Why would you want an incompetent yahoo running it?
Why? Have you not met him?
You liberals trolls got to get out of the city now and again. The good senator is safe.
.@JohnCornyn Now demand thatTrump release his tax returns. #Russia
What a great idea! His animal husbandry degree will really come in handy. He didn't even know what they do!
You do realize Perry is not the brightest bulb in the closet, Senator. He even recommended getting rid of Energy Dept.
That was a brilliant vote for a brilliant pick. Stunning brilliance. #TownHall  would be brilliant too.
Horrible decision.
You must feel so proud. He's so smart.
now walk back comments on @TuckerCarlson about "trust the hill to make judgment" re #BuildTheWall  & we are cool again #dts
#YourLastTerm
why? How the hell did you get elected anyway??  Gerrymandering?  I cannot believe all Texans are this ill-informed to elect you!
losers love losers.
"Why not the dumbest?"
why did you vote to confirm him? When is your town hall scheduled?
Congratulations. You also voted for a perjurer to run the Justice Dept. Well done.
@MariaBartiromo just make sure you have #Sessions back. Don't roll over for these a-holes.
Right, us liars need to stick together. Perjury is good. Perjury is right.
is English your second language or were you never taught grammar in school?
you're a moron."I love the poorly educated" -Donald Trump. I believe he was speaking to you.
Didn't he want to abolish this very department - guess you 'forgot' about that tidbit.  Hypocrisy is strong today in the #GOP
Another sad day for America
You should have more courage and integrity than voting for the clueless and unqualified Perry for such a key role, pathetic
another unqualified position filled by a person that didn't even know the requirements of the job. #TeamOfLiars
Thank you again and again for serving us citizens of Texas.
Have you called on Sessions to resign?
Sad!
do you step on a rake every day?
@MariaBartiromo Bravo!!!
Now it's time to get to business #Trumprussia and #SessionsRussia
this isn't something to brag about. He wanted to eliminate the dept. What are his qualifications? Being republican? Not enough.
is that the department he forgot he wanted to do away with? #Opps #CornynFailedTexas
That's a joke, right?
Now if you'll stop making excuses and get the rest of them in and PASS KATE'S LAW!.
Oops....
@MariaBartiromo 
Another Fellow Texan And A GREAT Choice For Energy Secretary! PRESIDENT TRUMP ONLY Picks WINNERS!
AMERICA*FIRST
yes, keep America dumb.  Good job.
how embarrassing for you.
You and all the other Stepford wives in the party. Heaven forbid any of you should listed to your constituency.
.@JohnCornyn so you didn't get my postcards then? Or my faxes? Phone messages?
I've sent postcards too. Radio silence. From Cruz too. Vote them both out! I can't wait.
Good now stop being a globalist elite RINO and back the damn wall!
Which department? The name escapes me ...
