fu byrd
that's my British cousin
tell him to shove a crumpet up the queen's arse for me
John, tell wenis to fuck humself
Please, PLEASE, listen to your actual constituents. This "healthcare" bill will leave MILLIONS without care. VOTE NO.
Please doesnt work with people like this. Sad to say it but he is only listening to $$$ and party line.
I know. But you gotta go on record with these people. And publicly is a good way when they won't pick up the phone.
I know, just agreeing and adding my two cents worth. He is supposed to work for me too. 
Wouldn't it be lovely if he actually did? *sigh*
Im happy to work to oust him!
Me, too!
weasel
while we're at it, let's see your fams too
you were quoted in a story by @washingtonpost
.@JohnCornyn
well...

...

filibuster...
@JohnJHarwood The law named after the Democratic KKK senator who was Hillary's mentor?
does your mother know how you're wasting our time and $?
YOU should be voting for FULL REPEAL !  You're not doing what the people you represent want. So TIRED of this happening.
So tired of people getting health care? What?
vote No on repeal and replace ACA!
.@JohnCornyn #birdlaw (cc: @JeffreyInLimine)
Unlike the Biden rule you mean?
Your point?
The things the HFC wants in AHCA can't go through the reconciliation process.
I guess I'm still missing the point here - could you explain?
the bill cannot be passed by 50 votes if it changes the budget As it does they will not have votes needed
Thank you kindly. Legalese occasionally escapes me, and John here doesn't answer questions.
that document was more than dense. It made me actually feel sorry for legislators!
Real ppl forced into early retirement or downsized out. Must buy own insurance. Consultants, self employed, older, Ur base.
@jrovner But what about bird law?
Do you feel as strongly about ACA?
ok, so it can be ignored like the immigration laws have been for decades
FYI @HouseGOP will make any changes they must to pass & leave this steaming pile on Senate door. Then Trump blames you. Congrats
$600,000,000,000 reduction to federal subsidy for health care. Paul "Ayn Rand" Ryan = screw the poor.
This isn't a game; this has real life consequences. Ur all caught up in the sport of it. Many older Rs not happy with this.
Meanwhile #Ryancare will be hell on us baby boomers! 75248
He just doesnt care, Vanessa. Neither does Paul Ryan and the rest of the hit squad.
FYI. YOUR constituents do not want the AHCA bill passed. You've stopped listening to Texans. We will not forget.
@SenTedCruz I expect both of you to vote against the Trumpcare bill.  My vote for you depends on it
stolen seat 
Congress made the law...so UNMAKE it!
give us our freedom to choose our own healthcare plans
Keep Texas Red!
I'm sure y'all will find a way around it to pass #Trump's draconian budget. Why do you hate poor people & animals?
Sir, we're watching & we vote. You might want to listen to us.
@jrovner then how can McConnell overrule it?
English please what are you talking about
Get off your Rhino Ass and vote for AHCA TOMORROW!! This is your constituent speaking which is hopefully temporary at best!!
Thank. God!!!
Unlike the bull$&!; "Biden law"
This a law about treason
You are nothing more than a party shill that has done nothing but take up space.  Hope to see you in an orange jumpsuit soon
u sir r so full of s***, nobody cares what u say about anything anymore! My life's mission? Get rid of Cornyn! Easy Peasy!
@DavidMDrucker is that the KKK rule?
this is what happens when 500+ elected lawyers run a country. Mess. Get to work, Senator!
Could an amendment to that law be passed via reconciliation? Or is that blocked in legaleze over my head?
Stop trumpcare.  Congress can do better!!!
Why is Russian steel, not USA steel, being used for the Keystone pipeline after USA steel was promised by Trump???
Do something besides protect big oil!  I am a Texas voter!  We are watching you, bub! Don't be a traitor !
GOP cheats to achieve. Won by gerrymandering, obstructed indiscriminately and use obscure laws to pass unwanted AHCA. Yet 37%
still approve of them?  Don't get it
A statute, yes. But under Constitution, Senate can change its rules at any time. 

cc @DavidMDrucker
The staffer who runs your Twitter is a real ding dong. I picture some Aggie who can't handle any real responsibilities.
So what? You want to kick millions of Texans off health insurance?! 

Cornyn is up for reelection in 2020.
Let's replace him!!
There is not ONE state that is in favor of Trumpcare.There isn't ONE Congressional District in favor of Trumpcare. We're UNITED.
Um, No, "We" are not united, I am praying for AHCA.
yeah, I wasn't actually using it in reference to each individual American, who would use it that way? United States
@daveweigel Rule of Law Party
keep the aca.  You will only harm the working poor and elderly.  Oh yeah trump care will hurt ppl on private insurance.
Contrary to what some R tweeting you, I do want this bill, and U R listing 2 me, a Constituent
his changing the required elements of insurance policies does not change revenue or expense hence can't B in reconciliation bill
Please support the House health plan vote tomorrow. #TheAyesHaveIt
Yes, Please.  Vote yes, please, please, please.
you're an abomination. GOP used to be an honorable party. Must dump all of u and start over. Get people of character.
what does trumpcare do for Texas besides screw women vulnerable while gifting rich and ins cos #sad
I've heard that senators can elect not to listen to the Senate parliamentarian though...? Also heard Cruz etc pushing for this?
serious question the aca went through regular order and received 60 votes it is now same scenario why must it go reconciliation
difficult to read and more difficult to.understand
So listen to your moderate wing. You'll need them
FYI you're a partisan hack
An enemy of basic health for women. You are shameful.
@daveweigel @RaulieGonzo lol Cornyn is subtweeting his housemates
Continue to ignore your constituents and we WILL vote you out. We do NOT want repeal of #ACA. Most of it is a HUGE improvement.
honestly don't care how he votes anymore. has shown who he is what he cares about. I will vote against him either way
If I had $1 for every lie told by Trump, I'd have enough money to help the Americans you're trying to take healthcare from.

basic rule of this administration.Eliminate rules,cut taxes on 1% make it look like it's for everyone.
@gop @senategop @housegop @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch @316alco @sddphoto @DCSoljaGurl @JohnCornyn But SURPRISE!! U have the voters' attention.
, do you care about the people of Texas?  Or is this all abt your donors?  We are the ones you represent and we vote. #NoAHCA
Yep, they listen to the money.


As a constituent, I'm opposed to repealing & replacing ACA. We need an independent select commission or prosecutor for collusion
I am inclined to repeal and replace insurance industry with non profit health care.
FYI You represent your constituents. You rep the American people. You work for the people. Be sure to vote how we want.
Ur Plutocratic Party obviously can only play obstructionists. Governing, observing and respecting the Constitution are beyond U!
and there is no way to change or repeal said law?
His point is that it can't be waived.
FYI: The leader of your party and a half dozen others in the WH are actually agents of an adversarial foreign power. Just sayin.
OMG redwoodjungle, where did u come from ?  Just sayin.
@BresPolitico @CharlieDayQuote
But we don't want the ACA repealed. Most of AMERICA does not want it repealed for the AHCA. You need to do better. You had 7 yrs
And we need to get voters registered and to voting booths.
Damn straight we do. Get them all legally registered and help 'em out. Take the intimidation out of voting.
Ha, you have to get them to be Citizens first.
Most of them ARE already. It's called the younger generation. 
Your Joking right?  Not in my town. sorry, you don't know everything.
IDK what town UR in, but I'm in Houston. IDK what UR assuming, but I'm talking about reg. voters.
Yes, that is not the point.  The point is the proposed bill is not what the people want.  Listen to your constituents.
, @JohnCornyn listens to the insurance industry that has donated over $1M to his campaigns.
think about the people who will lose care for a win for @realDonaldTrump

That reality is very sad but true.
I'm sorry, why haven't you been more vocal about our president's collusion with Russia? #priorities
@gop @senategop @housegop @SpeakerRyan @leadermitch @TNIndivisible @JohnCornyn Yes, why does it seem you are shielding Trump @GOP?
I believe those who say Obamacare regs can be repealed under reconciliation. Unfortunately, we have too many weak Republicans.
good for you, you know something about the job.  Now do your damn job and stop this insanity.  You work for us
