fail to repeal= lose the house
Hey Paul, did you know that Ayn Rand was a Russian immigrant? You probably thought she came over on the Mayflower.
illegal immigrants helped to build Texas. White kids from wi don't pick the vegetables in Wi nor do they in TX.
did your relatives have papers to come to the us?  Mine from Norway and Germany in the 1800 did not. Many illlegals
elitist.  Us pipeline goes through sovereign land of Na should be thrown out
just like you belong for what you say. Get over yourself selfish
so not your constituents? Not the ethics inquiries everyone has asked about? Get to work and do your job. This isn't it.
So nice of you to grace them with your presence! Does this mean @RepLloydDoggett can come do a town hall in WI-1? #RepSwap
We the people noted that you went in the dead of night, in secret, to avoid detection. You are one scared hombre.
- Go after the sanctuary churches also. Don't let illegals hide. No law to 'protect' churches from ICE enterence.
's job most certainly is being informed @ our crisis at the USA's southern border!
More Than 99 Percent of Paul Ryan’s Tax Cuts Would Go to the Top 1 Percent
He works for business not the people...Get him out!!
,  typical republican.
did you drive through, or stop and speak with residents who need ACA. And, no meetings in your home state?
But you won’t meet with your own constituents who voted for you. Sad!
......and???
potus blocks CNN and NY Times etc from briefing is dangerous on many levels. Please speak up for America. We are all Americans
Those challenges don't include the lack of a $20B+ wall.  I'm sure they can find much better uses of that money.
@JohnCornyn Border biz had better have a good plan B. Builders and Agri-biz, restaurants. Selling TX house now. crash in view.
Thank you speaker Ryan for everything you do .
@JohnCornyn Texas economy runs on immigrants. Both in terms of sales and labor. I have current sales data from a client.
@JohnCornyn 1 of the challenges is a decline in business based on sales data. Thank Trump 4 that. Texas is sunk.
How about meeting with the people of Flint Mi? There's a REAL crisis! #DoYourJob #PeopleBeforeParty not #PartyBeforePeople
I have nothing nice to say.
Pathetic
better be working on the challenges you will face when POTUS is finally impeached and you are seen as one of his enablers
Thanks for spending $$ ever hear of Skype, GoMeeting? Your town hall meetings?
shouldn't you give the people that elected you that same courtesy #DoYourJob
Yo Lyin', We know you will ignore any real measures to deal with it, and will instead use it to call for more racism.
@JohnCornyn should Ryan go have a town hall in wi?
in 30 yrs as a freeloader tx payer $s you couldn't find out about it before? @SpeakerRyan
did you meet any trans youth dealing with bullies?
Get a life.
- So you've been in office since January 3, 1999 and you're just now getting up to speed on what the Southern Border is all...
...about. You're a fraud Mr. Ryan. You're only concerned about the border because if it isn't a priority for you, the...
@GOP...that's right, Republicans are scared of the Fraud-In-Chief's power of the tweet. You're all frauds. How pathetic!
Why, you don't listen to what is said unless they agree with hypo up. Remember re-election is coming.
How about going back to work! Work on trumps agenda, get it going
 Healthcare NOW..
why did Boehner say you was not going to repeal the ACA? Who is lying to the people that will vote you out for broken promise?
Donny tells me you spend a lot of time near his southern border. @SpeakerRyan
now your an EXPERT.  What about Obama care running our country in the ground
Feds don't have the $ to fund this wall.  An IOU from Mexico will not fly
And will they be paying for their part of the wall?  I don't live in their state.  Let the state decide.  Make the state pay
Republican Party will do more harm to the Rio Grande Valley folks than immigrants.
again why are you in Texas instead of Wisconsin?
And they told u they don't want a wall! Las Cruces NM just voted against the wall. #NoWallNoWay
one of them looks asleep.
The ESSA is protecting children with disabilities to have a right to an equal education , why are you abolishing it?
vote no to house bill 610. Means to abolish the ESSA
@classygal21 now do what Trump and we the people voted for
any interest in challenges facing executive branch and lack of ethics? Justice is blind. The legislative branch should not be.
Please do a town hall in your home state, I'll take the day off. Can't wait to see you. Thanks.
your stupud ryan!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I'm sure you could have invited a few more people to hear all about wasting our tax dollars? Maybe the Democratic leaders too?
Don't give a tx holiday 4 bringing back overseas $; give a tx credit useable 4 US investments-if not, cos will do just buybacks
Real tx reform 2 get US in line w rest of world-like 0 world-wide tx 4 US & invest tx credits 4 creating US jobs & repatriation
Drone tech is evolving rapidly & border security shouldn't have 2 cost US $25 bill-& 4 something u can go over, around & under
too bad you don't feel the same way about your district
@RepFilemonVela,had some harsh words for @realDonaldTrump last June: http://trib.it/2kUAdvp 
#trumpgate #investigatetrump  don't you have better things to do?
And, what did you learn? As usual, there is no substance to this tweet. Nothing at all, Just fluff! You are a fraud!
some jerk trying to build a giant expensive stupid useless wall....
@JohnCornyn 
Quit meeting and start doing!
You've been in office 16 + years and are just now asking questions?
What did you learn from Rio Grande Valley Leaders?
Ryan says "Of COURSE Americans have extra MILLIONS to burn to pay for a wall. Mexico was NEVER gonna pay for it"
Why meet at all? Trump says there be a wall the LEADER HAS SPOKEN!!!!!!
Did u also learn about ppl who own property on the southern border? Eminent domain is Trump's MO.
NOONE IS THERE! There's got to be more leaders in the Rio Grande Valley than this. Why are you afraid of Texas constituents?
Unless only the super rich who already agree with you were invited Just like it is with Dist 25 rep @RepRWilliams .
Why? No money for wall. No wall!
@JohnCornyn Please do something respectable and kind. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids
@JohnCornyn Yes! You have US hunters shooting each other. And then lying about it. INVESTIGATE!
go away.
@JohnCornyn You need to worry about the challenges you face with your employers you're ignoring by not holding a townhall.
@JohnCornyn oh not for people, just for party!  #PartyofTreason
Priebus asked the FBI to say there is nothing with the Russians WHAT are you kidding you need to investigated so unamerican
your own constituents are the ones you should be meeting
Not enough salsa
But no plans to meet with your own constituents. That's not leadership, it's cowardice.
probably took a few shots at them while you were there! Loser! So sad!
meet with your constituents #howbowdah
don't be fake, be real!!
dont let it become more complicated than it is.   Just start building
People Like You Ryan.   Should Have A Wall Built Around The Capital. To Keep Others Like Yourself. Out Of Serving In Congress.
and by other folks I mean land owning citizens.
how about them folks who are on the other side of the wall you're supporting?
aren't ur voters in Wisconsin? Long way from Rio Grande ...
BUILD THE WALL
How about meeting with your constituents and listen about how you're going to fuck them over when you repeal the ACA?
yeah their complaining the soil's 2 rocky and the wall is 2 tall.  Tsk Tsk Tsk
PEOPLE STILL WANT AND NEED ACA #RepealAndReplace IS A BAD IDEA LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE
Did they mention how frustrated they are because they haven't seen @POTUS tax returns & @HouseGOP isn't  investing Russia ties?
Maybe you'll meet with people in WI someday. @SpeakerRyan
but you can't meet with your own constituents #DoYourJob
have you been to California dam flooding? Texas? Louisiana? Get to work
Americans want you to build the wall!
Their biggest challenge is the asinine so-called leadership of this country.
wow the paid trolls on your page! Hope they know to pay in taxes IRS looking for them it's called income.
When do you plan to meet with the people of Southern Wisconsin?
build the damn wall! Deport them ALL that's all you need to know.
Looks like a really diverse room,  @SpeakerRyan.
Funny how none of the people in that room are brown. #immigration
but won't town hall with your own state voters, jerk.
but not meeting with all those people concerned about Russians,  healthcare,  climate change, impeachment, and his lies!
Anything to keep from actually talking to the people you WORK for. Investigate Russia.  Or are you in their pocket, too?
Too bad you won't give the same time and respect to your constituents.
I'm more afraid of Bear Fans crossing over into Wisconsin.  They are crossing the border for WI jobs.
Stop meeting people, get to work on legislation.
; 2 of 2; deport new illegals with prison if they return. Criminal are deport. All need immigration clearance. Idea o k?
1st of 2; can we just accepted those illegals here now. Probationary less then 2yrs, 2yrs geen card, over 5, citizenship.
What have released emails from Scott Pruitt EPA told us about his involvement and corruption with big oil and gas industry?!
your not worthy to be in the same room as these people. WHAT ABOUT RUSSIA????? How about cleaning up the White House first!!
Gee Paul.  You never did before.  I guess you tested the wind and had an epiphany
oh yeah...right.
And did you meet with the Water Protectors to ask them about the challenges of clean water????  SHAME!
why don't u have town hall and see what real ppl need.
How about meeting with the people in Wisconsin ? 20 Billion dollars for a wall ? Hell no.
not that you really care. Pandering and fak8ng. That's not doing your job!
#NOshame #NoSoul
He has a point. Timing is everything. People really want to talk to you, Mr. Ryan. Care to listen?
When are you going to meet with the rest of us to discuss how to live without food.  How to afford prices when our food rots.
and they all told you what an idiotic idea of the wall walls, huge waste of money, will only benefit illegal activity
Awesome!! America 1st!
how much did your taxpayer funded trip cost Americans? @GOP could have addressed immigration & border with #CIR-chose politics
Why not meet with your constituents instead?
it's very important.
a border wall is the most expensive and least effective solution to stopping immigration. You must oppose it.
“The speaker won’t talk to us. He won’t return calls. He’s not holding public meetings."
Will ACA replacement provide the same insurance that you have? If not, why not?
build the wall and hire 5,000 New agents to guard our border!! Stop studying and act, sir.
Like an irrational tyrant POTUS who wants to use imminent domain to steal their land for an insane wall?
Welcome to South Texas Mr. Speaker. Now come to Laredo!
@HouseGOP 8yrs no ready bills? What were you doing?
Did you do a bit of gerrymandering while you were there?
@HouseGOP is 12 people the max # of ppl u can have in a room before ur need to run away creeps in?
@HouseGOP 
But they are all white!
no wall, no way, not with my tax dollars.
The real terrorists are in the White House, figure out how to stop them, first
You could have called governor, state legislators and got that info. Wasteful spending.
Go back to wisconsin! We have enough corrupt politicians here in TX (ted cruz, greg abbott, kevin brady, lamar smith,  etc.)
great but when are you actually coming to WISCONSIN and listening to your own constituents?  We deserve time!  #TownHall
such as good health care! And being able to rely on Medicare, Medicaid, veterans benefits & Social Security! #investigatetrump
Racism
#TRyanCare
you'll meet with them but not your constituents? #noleader #doyourjob
maybe you should learn about the challenges citizens face, getting you to hear us.
maybe you should learn about the challenges decent Americans face, when our POTUS is a traitor and embarrassment.
.@SpeakerRyan no meet with your consitutents.  Or r u to scared? #VoteThemOut
Grow a pair and do what's right for the country, not just what trump wants!
Have you started looking at future career options? 

If you won't support indep. investigation of #TrumpRussia, you'll need to.
'nearly a dozen', uhm how many people live in that region?
You're a puppet and need to not waste our $$ on a useless wall!!!
good work representing WISCONSIN. How much did this gallavant cost?  Oh wait. There's lots of teacher salary savings to burn.
Did you pretend to care? How can you support 'the wall' with no way to pay for it!?
instead of meeting with your angry constituents @ town hall meeting. Slithering away like the weasel you are to hide...
did you go to the detainment centers where children are treated as prisoners/criminals? #NoWallNoBan
LYIN' PAUL RYAN!
GO RYAN
what did you learn?  Anything or were you grandstanding again?
how about meeting with the people of Wisconsin you are suppose to still represent us
That's nice. It has been an issue for a decade. Didn't anyone tell you. There was a solution but Rs blocked it, remember.
