No hearings, no women, no Democrats involved. No expert testimony, no listening to healthcare providers. This is legislative malpractice.
Does your conscience not even twinge any more when you lie?
Ds have been asking to be involved in the new bill. Yet they are not allowed. Even some of your own party haven't read what's in it.
Ds passed Obamacare without any input from Rs.  Btw, the ACA is not affordable at all. Why would Rs listen to Ds?
That is also a lie. There were multiple hearings and many, many republican amendments for ACA. Many.
Btw, haven't you heard the multitude of stories of people who couldn't afford healthcare until ACA? Haven't you heard that 23 million will
Did you have your head in the sand when they revealed how much premiums will go up under AHCA? This bill is hugely unpopular on both sides
I could never afford health insurance for my family before Obamacare. Stop screwing it up!
And far too many can't afford it now! Many areas 0 or only 1 exchange plan also! More & more docs NOT accepting OCare plans! U think only >
And that is Republicans' fault. They should stop screwing up a good law that has helped millions of people, including me & my family.
Millions lost their care when ACA was signed! It started failing before Trump took office!!
It was a redistribution of wealth from producers to takers! It was designed to fail to usher in single payer! It has helped Far fewer than>
Workers are producers, bosses are takers. Workers deserve health care, too.
Lol another area it failed in as bosses cut hours to not ave to provide HC! Regs & fees made it costly for smaller businesses! FYY it's not>
Up to others to be forced to pay  for YOUR health care! #MAGA
You're delusional and the fact that there are NO hearings in a bipartisan way tells us all we need to know. #VoteThemOut
Fix ACA instead of replacing it with something that does not work.Exp. Mecicare for everyone.
You and the rest of the @GOP sabotaged it from jump Senator! You never gave it a chance! Yet you hide your replacement!? #CornynDontCare
premiums have been going for decades, even with private insurance companies at the helm. Please ensure humane rules for Texans.
You have no viable defense other than:  "Dems.....blah, blah, blah...."

You have nothing to share about your position?  No. You don't.
In Texas where y'all blocked Medicaid expansion? Every state that did Medicaid expansion has lower premium increases.
And what were you doing when premiums were going up *more* in the 90s and 2000s?
Do you know how to read?
LIAR. You won't let Ds in and Rs made sure ACA didn't get what it needed to succeed. #singlepayerNOW
Here is a real serious question. Did you read the responses to your tweets? I would be nervous come election time.
What bs! You know TDI approves all rate hikes in Tx.
What is sad is the refusal to share details of the bill and allow the D's to offer amendments.
Divisive narrative. Your constituents want congress to be functional again, not run by the extremes of each side. Republicans did nothing
Since his majesty thinks that only the GOP ilk need to know what's in this ACA replacement plan, I got lots of time to campaign for Beto.
@brianschatz What's sad is you won't lift a figure for your constituents. Stop this nonsense. We know ANY secret bill is wrong.
You are such a liar you all don't involve the Democrats. I sincerely hope Texas will get you out of office as soon as possible
A+ for Revisionist History 
No better example of the petty, sniping, blame-the-other-guy attitude in modern US politics than this Corny tweet
John Cornyn the FAKE SENATOR works for insurance and pharmaceutical companies. Betrays the American people!!!
Do NOT tell constituents to improve our 'tone' until YOU do it. GOP is undermining O-care, so don't point the finger at Dems.
To assist in the roll out and improvement of ACA and the Dems are not being involved in current process. Y'all should be ashamed, ashamed.
Hmm imagine a world where John Cornyn isn't a senator from Texas.
But you'd rather kill people than hold insurance companies accountable.  Nice compromise

Sadly, just a week after a tragic shooting that was influenced by the awful, hateful political rhetoric that we've faced, u continue the
You, sir, do not represent this Texan. Please be conservative & give up the taxpayer funded healthcare & perpetual congressional salary.
We see you John--GOP doing everything to sabotage ACA and create instability in the insurance mkt.  Solution =Medicare for all!
Still lower than private plans prior ACA when comparing Apples to Apples. You never address us who like our plans. Why is that?
Shame on you.
Pretty sure that was the Tea Party obstructionists that halted all work that didn't involve Repealing It & NOT Replacing It.
Again. Not very honest. DMs will work with you. They will not repeal. RPs won't repair.

We CANNOT afford 2 WAIT until then! #EmperorTrump is DESTROYNG Our Constitution, opening the door 4 the #Kochbros to REWRITE in their image!

These lies really need to stop. Even your own constituents know the real truth. Grow a set an stand up for them 4 a change
Seriously?  YOU are killing Helathcare by neglect while keeping your insurance.  Aren't you proud of all the uninsured in Texas?  Resign
You know the GOP did everything they could to sabotage the ACA! You lie as easily & as often as your fearful leader.
Throwing 23 million people off of health insurance does not count as "lifting a finger to save constituents".
No one needs your partisan BS and lies. Democrats aren't even being given an opportunity for input.
Sad.   Vomit
You have no shame. Lies,'lies, lies.
Im still waiting on the repeal as you promised 6 or more yrs. ago.
Sen. Cornyn - We're not as stupid as you seem to think we are. Dems are on record as eager to improve ACA. Work together!
I request hearings and expert testimony, please.
BC covered for women? What about ED scripts for men?
if my child has allergies, will I pay more?
I'm self employed; what will AHCA look like for me?
will my preventative health be covered?
John, buddy, maybe you haven't heard. YOU OWN THE CONGRESS AND THE WHITE HOUSE. Fail the American people and that is on YOU.
What did you ever do to build a compromise that worked?
I am paying $1300 a month for the only provider Scott& White. Cannot wait to turn 65.
Did I hear you say you will be emailing your constituents a copy of the super secret bill R's have? Let me go check my email
@brianschatz btw, your approval rating in Texas is underwater! Your seat is not as safe as you think it is!!!!
@brianschatz LIAR! Dems would LOVE to help fix ACA. GOP sabotaged it & refused to improve it. Should be ashamed! #ShowUsTheBill
Dems aren't in control . It is an all GOP script and cast for this disaster movie. GOP is undermining ACA. What next, GOP?
Shoot the horse.  Then complain that the horse is wounded.  It takes balls to do something like that with a straight face.
As compared to %700 increase?
Quoting President Trump "We should just let Obamacare explode, then it will be all on the Dems" Repubs playing football with healthcare
Doesn't matter if D's lift a finger...GOP has their foot on throat of ACA & is slowly killing it so they can push through their disaster
Oh, brother!Forgot to mention the failure of congress to support the functioning of ACA..It is for the citizens.Can't you stand up for right
Where are the hearings? Debate? You aren't letting Dems participate !
I dont see Rs doing much except trying to screw Americans. Y'all don't need help with that. You're experts.
Senator Cornyn you must have not read the HB!  What was the CBO rating. How is what u r proposing any better? Explain! Unexplained secrecy
I don't know how you sleep at night
If you are so proud of what you're doing, why the secrecy? Why no hearings? Why no allowance for amendments? Why? You're jeopardizing lives
Sadly, The president and GOP are sabotaging ACA to promote their tax cuts bill for the wealthy masquerading as a "health care" bill
State's that supported Affordable Care Act doing well.Could be improved but that would mean poor people would continue getting mediical care
"Sadly, Ds wouldn't even help us score points while we firebombed the health care system."
You own healthcare now
Medicaid expansion was nec to make ACA work. you made damn sure that didn't hpn in TX. Don't pretend you care @poor
GOP in full control John.  The people gave it to you and it is Dem fault.  Really?  Sincerely. A registered Texas voter
As one of your constituents, I'm still waiting to hear what the R's "top secret" plan is to save us all from the "failed experiment"
Trump administration deliberate effort to not inform insurers on continuing subisidy payments, is causing a cascading effect on premiums now
You should be ashamed .  You've been working to smother the ACA since it was in the crib.
You know once they're in the crib, R's no longer care...
John, you seem to LOVE TRUMP care... LET'S put the entire US GOV on it.... DEAL?  #SWAMPPEOPLE
for 8 yrs there has been nothing but obstruction frm GOP. ACA could be fixed, but GOP wants people 2 die!
You need to fix Ocare don't act like trump care is better cause it's not! It will raise my rates and my kids cant afford any!
Dude, this is weak. You know Rs like @marcorubio have destroyed #ACA you're a party to this and Texans will remember on Election Day 2020
Instead of the lies tell us what's in your secret bill.
And what have you asked them to do? What have you done?  Did you support expanding Medicare in Texas?  Stop the lies.
Are you complaining Ds aren't doing enough to counter sabotage Rs are doing to ACA? Really?

Rs: "Why aren't you saving us from ourselves?!"
When did the Dems get invited to the table to FIX the ACA? Oh yeah, THEY WEREN'T #GOPLies #Hypocrite #GOPPartyBeforeCountry
what was it the 4 years before that? Was it higher or lower? Because that is kind of an important question
How about your state accept the Medicaid expansion,& set up an exchange then? Disingenuous fool. Leaving $ & jobs on the table.
You are ridiculous.
Interesting. We're also seen a 105% reduction in your competency in the last four years... #Cornynhole
I will gladly lift one finger.
Nice tweet of unity.
Shame on you and on the GOP for playing political football with our healthcare system
Where are the hearings? The experts?  The cost/benefit analysis
Senator - where is YOUR plan to replace Obamacare?
Point is GOP hurt millions of Americans with no plan to fix it.
Murdered by Marco Rubio's successful effort to defund key provisions such as Risk Corridots
Murdered by Trump telling IRS not to enforce individual mandate - so costs for insurers would skyrocket as risk pools get riskier
Murdered by GOP destabalizing health markets
No - Obamacare isn't dying of a natural death....it was murder
Are you planning on finishing your term despite your growing disapproval numbers from your Constituents?
Could you use other sources than Fox News?
Listen to your constituents. They aren't happy about your hypocrisy on this issue.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Guarantee republicans' plan WILL NOT cut rates for individuals, especially those 50 + because of instability in the market. Another GOP lie.
Premiums will increase, especially for those 50+ and benefits will be slashed. Those with pre-existing cond will suffer. Not an option
It helped me, saved me $$$ on meds , copays and premiums. This  I know! Nothing Fake about it.
Ds want to fix O-care not destroy it as you and others...you're not fixing anything!!! You're destroying & denying healthcare for millions.
Shouted by @GOP: "ObamaCare is imploding!! It's imploding!!"
Whispered by the GOP in each other's ears: "Great job setting the explosives."
Writing tips from The Onion? You're serious? After the @GOP has spent 8 f*cking years doing everything possible to sabotage ACA? #DoYourJob
I'm sick and tired of you party branded toddlers pointing fingers instead of sitting down to represent our interests and do your job.
Texas has the highest maternal mortality rates IN THE DEVELOPED WORLD! Why should we trust you to write health care policy ???
So you want the entire country to have the high maternal mortality rates that TEXAS has??
You own the Senate. Do something about it.
Sadly it would seem no Rs will stand up for American people for good healthcare. Too busy whining and pointing fingers, would a should a
Why not have an open debate?If you are in the right surely a little sunlight won't hurt? Could it be because ur kicking 23 million of Ins?
Sadly, R's know math for healthcare+ins co profits don't add up. AHCA reflects that. Plz do better Sen. My long term health depends on it
Sadly, Republicans will continue to sabotage the insurance market rather than fixing it. Premiums were increasing before OCare, btw.
The ignorant sycophants believe the horses**t.  Thinking minds know the Insure-Industry sets cost.  ACA works, imagine full buy in outcome?!
Will you guit singing that song @JohnCornyn. The GOP is killing ACA since they could never repeal it. That is the way of cowards.
We're going to make sure you're not elected next time around. The bill is mean and targets the poor. Primaried and out!
Yes, sadly, it's up to you Rs.  Now we shall see failure at its fullest?
Please don't be sad, senator. Be 'fulsome' and hurry up that 'fullness of time' and tell us what's in your solution.
Holy shit. This is such dishonest projection. I wish we had an honest senator for Texas, one that put country before party.
You're a LIAR, the R's are trying to give tax breaks the rich & could care less about the avg folks! I will bite you in the ass!
What R's done to fix it? Seems like nothing
Show us that your bill will bring down premiums and cover the same things.
You and the GOP own this. Stop trying to deflect the blame. It's not working. Do you job while you still have one.
Sadly, you won't lift a finger to help Texans have affordable, accessible healthcare. #DOYOURJOB
As your constituent, @JohnCornyn, I need to say that the Republican drive to undermine Obamacare is why premiums have increased.
Sadly, Rs have obstructed Obamacare for the last 7 yrs and have no plan for improving it.  Texans want affordable, accessible HC! #DOYOURJOB
You GOPers need to eat your own sins for a change.
Seems like GOP blocked risk corridor payments and strangled the ACA with worthless amendments. Work together to repair--not replace!
How in the ever loving heck are you blaming the DEMS FOR THIS??
And per insurers, O-care is now melting down because of uncertainty, not because it was failing.  R's probably sent it from fixable to dead
how can they lift a finger when they don't know what's in it?
Exactly WHAT is the problem you are trying to fix with YOUR healthcare bill?
You are in the arms of big medicine and pharmaceutical money. Single payer is the way to go. A constituent
And how much will costs go up on older Americans should the AHCA pass into law? Way more than 105%.
Must be awful to watch what the GOP tactics used when the ACA was being debated being turned around and used against the GOP. #karma
Really?  My son lives in Lubbock.  His premium is $18/month for silver.  105% increase would bring it up to about $40/month.  Okay.
Senator I thought we were going to try to think past the R's V Ds divide & instead discuss policies that affect Americans? 
1 Team 1 Country
Rs claiming O-care has failed = me claiming your car will fail, then steering it into a tree and saying "see?"
Why the secrecy? Are u afraid if we know what's in the bill the people will hate it and u? THIS IS LIFE AND DEATH ISSUE! #ReleaseTheBill
So how does a secretly-concocted bill with no hearings, no CBO score, no public feedback, which will steal health care from millions, help?
Publish what is in the bill then! So we all can see it.
Stop lying!! @guardian @tx19dems @CollegeDemsTX
Come on, John, that's untrue, and you know it. You didn't suggest two sides work together. You're ramming this through w hardly debate.
Stop dividing and work together. Looking forward to voting you out
LOL. Nothing is EVER the Republican's fault. Even when they control the senate and didn't lift a finger for the last 8 years
lies and the lying liars who tell them.  Obamacare was the BEST thing my country ever did for me, stuff that in your lie hole.
Sadly, u think the public is buying this. We know Rs have done all they can 2 ensure failure of ACA rather than reform 2 help actually ppl.
stop lying. Grow up and own the sh@& you do
Did you seriously tweet an easily provable lie to GAIN dignity? You poor, broken little toy, lol. Get help. #AHCA #GOPLies
@brianschatz because you're the ones causing the meltdown you hack
So why are Rs saving us from failing O-care in secret?
I know plenty dem senators who would gladly go to work on a new healthcare bill and make more progress than the current committee has.
sadly,  you are supposed to represent all of us.   Rep & dem.   If the new option is so great why hide it?   Aca is fixable.
Well get it done!  You & Cruz are supposed to be Conservatives
What is YOUR plan to assure affordable/viable health insurance for all?  Too secret to say apparently. Afraid to tell us?
It's just always someone else's fault, isn't it? Just like your toddler in chief. Blaming isn't governing, Senator. #WorthlessSycophant
Wait a sec. No Dems at table. You're destroying health care in the dark.
Damn dude, you're pure evil.
Hope your constituents haunt your house when they die.
Sadly,Rs have done everything in their power to destroy Ocare & are too dishonest to admit & disregard health of contstieuent party>country!
Not my experience at all.
@brianschatz You+ @GOP are embarrassments to our democracy; your false rhetoric and bullish practices will kill people. #shame

You and your cronies are traitors to your constituents.
Are they even invited to a conversation about it?
You can't show us a bill because there is no bill?
But in all seriousness...This exchange I had with McCain made me sounds like a crazy broken record. 
@brianschatz How dare you spew such blatant lies, while taking away the thing that gives me most piece of mind at the moment 3/
@brianschatz w lump scare and getting hit by drunk driver. As a freelancer #ACA is how I access healthcare. 2/
Dang. Check out that reply/retweet ratio. 
@brianschatz This month I've needed a mammogram, sonogram, MRI, CT scan and multiple drs visits 1/
@brianschatz What have you done in 8 years to better #ACA? Planning tax breaks for wealthy and taking away access don't count :/
Do you actually understand what you say?
@brianschatz Youre kidding?As ur constituent I can say you only lift a finger to hurt us. Take away healthcare+blame Ds? #coward
Senator...we TEXANS are watching to see who lifts a finger to end Sp Counsel and to protect OUR Republic!  End this witch hunt NOW!  MAGA!!!
You're a liar. I'm disgusted by you. Step down!
Sadly....  you help to cause the meltdown
The worst part is, you don't even feel bad about lying.
do you know that your party is in charge now?
sadly, you're the in charge now. Your healthcare plan cuts health insurance from 20 million Americans to give the rich a tax cut
That's no excuse for the Republican process, senator! #ShowUstheBill
You intentionally euthanize the ACA, then claim it's failing and blame the Dems. You have no honor, decency, or integrity.
So how does your bill do anything to fix this. It is just a tax cut for the wealthy.
@brianschatz and sadly TRUMP did nothing to help save it or TWEAK it he's just as guilty @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @indtx36
Any failure is caused by this administration's statements of allowing it to fail and the uncertainty of the market. Shame on you.
SHOW US THE BILL.  Ds might be interested if they knew what was in it. But... you don't read the replies, do you. #YOUDONTCARE
R state leadership rejecting Medicaid expansion is the cause of most of those increases
http://www.cnbc.com/2015/05/29/texas-pays-a-big-price-for-saying-no-to-medicaid-expansion.html …
