I don't think he's real clear on how government works.
Swamp monster.59+ million votes for Trumps agenda.2018 Drain the Swamp at both ends!
Well it's high time USA stop being kicked in the gutter & paying for the entire world's bills.
Think he feels threatened or something???
Don't tell him or you will catch hell from his thugs.
Why isn't your name on this letter? Do you support white supremacy?!! https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Not sure why they left Antifa off the list. Subversives have a way of names shifting because they are the original facists.

What is your position on Sens Flake, McCain, McConnell and 45's comments? Do you support a bigot, an opponent of trade, and a Wall-eye?
And I'm sure you got his back, right John?  Kinda like you got hard working Americans back. But you went to the max having Os back. Sad John
Leaving NAFTA would be a disaster for Texas farmers.
He knows.
You might want to let him know that. Since the next line probably is "a lot of people don't know this but North American free trade is hard"
Do I see a gonad? Nope, just a whimpering senator carrying trumPutin's water. Go count rubles traitor.
You might want to tell him and his blind followers that. Congress controls it all.  #ChecksAndBalances.
Ooohhh. Look at John. All the sudden he is showing some balls by standing up against the President. But how will John actually vote?
#NoTradeWar #NoHoovervilles
Thank god
I expect you to speak out with his outrageous comments.
Screw you Cornyn...no are in the way of progress on every front...keep it up...you will be seen as more despicable than democrats
Unfortunately, we have a spineless senator with the initials JC.
Ok. So can you share how you will vote?
You're just going to do what he wants anyway sooo... #Lame
Stop obstructing John. POTUS has a mandate.
POTUS does not have a mandate! He won the election by a narrow Electoral College margin and lost the popular vote. Congress represents us.
He has a mandate from the people who elected him.  Popular vote does not elect Presidents.
So, in your world, the president only represents those that voted for him?
No, he is President of the United States, which covers all.  But there is always disappointment when a politician makes promises not kept.
It is more than promises not kept. Steve, let me ask you: does trump lie?
Every President lies.  That's the way politicians survive inside the Beltway.  But the flip of the question is does he tell the truth?
Its a sad place were in to conclude "every president lies". I do not believe he tells the truth. His in-office lie count is over 1000
Then get to work! #MAGA
Republican Coward leaders letting Swamp Media and Democrat leaders TELL them how high to jump COWARDS, Standing with President Trump
We could find new Senators that will get it done.
Good start, now find away to dump trump.
How will u vote? Explain to us yes why or no why ?
You wouldn't stand up to a wet pasta noodle, John. But it's cute when you try to act all tough and vertebrate-y.
What is your position? 
Where is the townhall schedule so you can hear more than 45's threats on NAFTA?
I am disappointed. Impeach now.
And since most of Congress is going wherever Trump leads them, that won't be an issue.
Unless I missed something, this article makes it sound like an untested theory.  But, if not, what's the upside of keeping NAFTA?
Awesome! Now how about the same for further war funding? Or to launch a nuclear attack? Or to use twitter?
Ross Perot was the only one who told the truth about NAFTA!
So does this mean @Johncornyn will vote NO on withdrawing from NAFTA? Please talk about what YOU will do, not about Congress or 45.
What are you waiting for?
We, your constituents, ask that you and the other Republican Senators push everything through that our President is wanting to do for us.
We all know Congress is not doing anything for citizens, just establishment and themselves
where's was this new found courage when Obama was signing the Iranian deal.   #MAGA
What is YOUR position on withdrawing from NAFTA?
Of course he can,  what is this a rewrite of history?
Let's see if you can stand up to him. You may have lost muscle in all the laying down and rolling over...
If true, you better make sure Congress backs @POTUS on this!
Dear John, did you just discover this ? if not why are you posting it ? distraction ? how long are you going to support this moron ? @txlege
When is congress going to get rid of this idiot
Is that a threat John. Is this the next act u betrayer r planning
You are failing as second most powerful man in Senate. How could you let McCain undermine you if you were doing your job?
After we remove the endangered Texas Rino from the senate it may happen.
We elected President Trump so honor We the people instead of your special interest
I wish you guys do your job don't be surprise if the democraps take over the house & senate just because you don't support our POTUS
@POTUS is delusional, unstable, unfit for office! A threat to our country's national security and American families! You, @GOP do NOTHING!
Then you better give him a "yes"
please. like you're going to stand up to Trump. HA!
You appreciate the importance of a good relationship with Mexico.  U need to protect America from POTUS.
And once again, I'm sure you will bend the knee to trump.  You have lost your integrity and the trust of your constituents.
JohnCornyn I live in Houston & I am very concerned U oppose Trump & are part of the swamp.If I get convinced of that fact I will vote U out
I don't oppose President Trump! I voted for him don't know where u r coming from.
That's right .... But he can sure disable it....What is Congress going to do about Trump's interference with NAFTA???
Nothing wrong with reevaluating NAFTA.
Here's an idea, Country before Party. Right now your GOP is the party of ignorance & hate. We can discuss at your Town Hall...still waiting
So when are you going to call out 45?  It seems you will stand by him no matter what he does. That's pathetic. When's the Town Hall?
Ooooooo big talk! How about #ImpeachTrump
How about Congress now says NO 2 his presidency. He's a Nazi & a racist & he colluded w/ Putin to steal the election #GrowASetOfBalls
U have to get over the fact that YOU LOST THE ELECTION
That will be a "yes" from Cornyn. Per usual.
If you really meant this you would stop giving him the smiley faced reach around on every single legislative item he wants to ram through
So I assume you'll cave and destroy the Texas economy by giving your Dear Leader what he wants?
Just one more area of conflict between our President and our Republican Congress.  Gridlock with @POTUS own party is embarrassing.
So far congress has given a yes on literally every crazy thing the president wants so.... ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
You need to stand up to this train wreck of an administration. #impeachtrump
@johnCornyn - a Globalist posing as a US Senator...Holding #American Progress Hostage...along with his "frat buddies" in OUR Congress
I guess that won't happen because congress can't pass anything unless it a entitlement that cost the taxpayer money
As another one of your constituents that votes and contributes money to the RNC that vote should be get out of NAFATA
With a do nothing congress that's too bad.
Be advised that the president has the support of Texas republicans. Keep that in mind if you want to keep your job!
What exactly has NAFTA done that is beneficial to the American people, it decimated textiles in NC, how is that good?
So. What are you going to do about it?
Don't pull out of NAFTA. Trump is not by any means an Economist.
Actually his degree is in economics, what is your qualifications, lying?
Congress has become a thorn in my side!  I'm ready to replace all of you!  And I will work with Americans to get it done!
Are you going to vote to release the 10 hr interview?
Well Senator?  Are you?
Did you just throw @realDonaldTrump under the NAFTA bus? Splat!!! If you did it on I-35 in Texas, he's probably stuck in a pothole
POTUS will probably do whatever he wants since Congress won't stand up for the country. New leadership is required starting with you.
Yes & you should support Trump 100%! The take to many breaks & can't agree on passing bills doesn't give congress much credibility. Chaos!
@realDonaldTrump will #MAGA. If it includes total revamp/withdrawal from #NAFTA, Y would not support. Trade deals shd be 1 country at time.
You seem to do his bidding so you better start doing ours at this point.  Remember who you work for!
How will you vote?
Will congress do what's best for Americans or interest groups?
Well,  yes men will yes
@magita629 's got your number, @JohnCornyn .
Well,  yes men will yes
Did you tell him that yet?  I'm afraid there is a profanity laced phone call in your future
Then my Senator, if we can't get an agreement that is beneficial for the US you should vote for withdrawal.
I would love to discuss this with you. When is your #Townhall?  Stop hiding for your constituents, Senator.
Trump army-lets vote out EVERY anti Trumper next summer in the primaries,even if itmeans the Dem gets in.We're sick of this party disloyalty
You cant see it's trump that is the cause of this "disloyalty"? And you're blind to the irony of the disloyal suggestion you made?
@POTUS wants to terminate NAFTA. How would you vote? Yes or No?
Yeah @realDonaldTrump, quit throwing chunks of red meat to your base at rallies. Stop shouting, stop giving promises you can't keep #resist
Nothing prevents him from pursuing renegotiation. Right? Negotiation is just a discussion.
Congress stirs?

.@HouseGOP - With Trump's record on #Nazis, answer this for your constituents: Would you vote for him at all, in any election, today?
#firegorka #firemiller
There are serious questions about the President's capacity to lead the nation. We need more adults in White House: Gorka & Miller should go. 
Don’t pretend you wouldn’t bend over for him, Cornyn
Cornyn bent over 8 yrs for Obama. Why wouldn't he for Trump? Cornyn is a coward. He'll do anything to get re-elected.
So, are you saying you support the (American) job-killing, wage-suppressing treaty???  #ThursdayThoughts
https://mobile.twitter.com/LeslieGoldman4/status/898914860850757634 …
https://twitter.com/nprpolitics/status/899249672618778625 … #CensureTrump #Censure
Confederate Statues Were Built To Further A 'White Supremacist Future' http://n.pr/2fW8ZDT 

@Lawrence 
And how many times have you said 'no' to him ?
And as one of your constituents, that "yes" should NOT be forthcoming.
Funny. U let Obama ( a Dem) do whatever he wanted to do ... says a lot
Do your job and get his ass out of office already. Surely the Koch's have seen enough?
