as your constitutent, I ask, did you not do the same?
FYI: Texas precinct 56. So would you like to address your direct constituent here? I'm a vote for you.

what does that have to do with asking MY senator a question?

Oh gee, I wonder where they learned that play.
reap what you sow,You stole this SCOTUS seat. You subjugated the will of the people, now deal with the consequences.
You denied Obama's right as Pres to pick and he chose a moderate. Too damn bad Repubs.
I am one of your constituents who is very disappointed in you, sir.
Texas is watching you more than you know
.@JohnCornyn Can you let me know how the hearings for Merrick Garland went? Oh wait...
Exactly like they should have.
which is why Republicans going to get a taste of their own medicine.
Remember Reid unfairly changing the rules?
I told you libs you'd hate it when R's did it back.
Well...
Good luck!
Keep trying.
It's great fun watching the futility of stupidity & irrelevance.
Senator, as a constituent, it's extremely concerning to see that you only concern yourself with "right vs. left." So many issues we want 1/2
to discuss with you, but cannot reach you. 
How are you opposing the hatred & incompetence being promoted by the Trump administration?
Hey @JohnCornyn - GOP leaders had praised Merrick Garland prior to his nomination by Obama. You didn't even give him a hearing
Y'all don't even know who this one is.
We knew that 1 was nominated by a lame duck from a clearly dying ideology.
Lame duck refers to the period between the VOTE and inauguration, not the entire last year of a POTUS term
No, that's not what it means at all.
And the election tells you all you need to know about who should pick #SCOTUS.
Yes, that's exactly what lame duck means. Presidents aren't elected for THREE YEAR terms
It means ineffectual.
Obviously, he was.
This is clearly demonstrated by the conservative mandate election.
Lol I like how you skipped the part of the definition that doesn't fit your narrative. Also, there is no mandate
Conservatives lost the popular vote and lost seats in Congress. That is not a mandate.
I mostly align repb, but this is just too much. @SenateMajLdr did exctly the same thng last yr-was that mindless obstrction too?
USA is about making sure the rights of each individual including Women,LBGT, Transgender. Not this SUPREME  nominee!
Oh the hypocritical wailing & gnashing of teeth. This Forever Fascist will get the same consideration you gave Garland
Srnator: are you KIDDING me? Why isn't Merrick Garland Justice Garland now? Qualified. But you blocked him.
tranparent partisan hypocrisy is your legacy. Hope you got plenty of $ in bribes
GOOD. You people get as much courtesy as you have President Obama the last eight yrs.
hypocrite pigs
Perhaps you could have considered that Obama had a nominee months ago that the GOP blocked.
President Obama nominated a Justice a year before his term ended and you refused to even have a hearing. Hypocrite.
Turn about is fair play. You must have the memory of a gnat.
Do you ever get tired of being a giant hypocrite? Why so whiney when the Dems take a leaf from your playbook?
#MerrickGarland
It didn't matter to the Republicans.Last summer Republicans were willing to keep 9th seat open for 8yrs if Clinton won
please stop Tweeting and listen to your voicemails. Your inbox is full. Your constituents would like to keep speaking to you.
Try his TX office 972 239 1310

I've been getting someone there most of the time.
@politico Visiting didn't work for 20 TX women that were escorted out of Dallas office last week.
Cornyn's disgusting, by my fellow Texan citizens are really making me proud right now.
\o We're all in this together, and it's about damn time our representatives actually represent who we really are.
Houston needs more and better paying jobs.
Just like you Republicans refused to hold hearings before you heard who Obama's nom was. Hypocrites.
You mean exactly like what the GOP said on the day Anthony Scalia died. Can't you say #Hypocrite
You're kidding, right?!
at least he'll get a hearing. *cough* Merrick Garland *cough*
Why was Merrick Garland opposed? Repubs approved of himbefore he was nominated
Your phone lines are not working.  Busy signals and full voicemail all day yesterday
But isn't that what you and your fellow Republicans did for years on end?
when are you going to speak to Texas about your views? We would like to meet with you. And soon.
.@JohnCornyn pot meet kettle?
Give me a break you spent a entire year refusing to honor obama's pick.
Trump has assuredly selected the one nominee who is absolutely on record disagreeing with Roevwade judgement.
wow the hypocrisy
Democrats still doing what's best for them and not the Country.
Enough politicking - do you support religious discrimination? If not, you must withhold consent this week.
Hey, the GOP called the tune.  We just showed up to the dance.
#lookinthemirror
is this different that what McConnell had you guys doing the last several months...years?
two words: Merrick Garland.
they should.  There is no reason that seat should be open, and we've already seen where Trump's choices get us.
...sounds familiar
They should filibuster the Supreme Court candidate just as you blocked Pres. Obama's selection.  Not another Scalia
and I hope they do!  And please don't confirm Jeff Sessions!!
why don't you focus on the matters at hand? Muslim ban? Bannon in security briefings? Executive overreach?
you cannot be seriously crying foul when your party never gave one inch of consideration to Obama nominee or policies
Is there an open SCOTUS seat? I thought Merrick Garland was confirmed 
Big Thinkers these DIMS!  Throw these bums OUT AMERICA!!
Hypocritical, don't ya think? Especially considering Obama had ~1 year left in office AND a higher approval rating than Trump does now.
Seems pretty fair to me, given the GOP behavior with Obama's pick.
.@johncornyn What comes around, goes around eh? It was OK for you & your clowns to obstruct things, but not for anybody else?
y'all wouldn't give the President's nominee a vote
Vote? They didn't even meet with him.
Shoe is on the other foot now. KARMA'S A BITCH!
No, but we can guess it's going to be an anti-rights shitshow.
what a surprise!
hey Johnny Boy. I'm a Texan and you are a hypocrite. Did you even hold a hearing for MG? Nope.
Are u for real? Effin hypocrite. Garland should be sitting on the court. I demand dems filibuster until 2020!
Wouldn't have a seat, at all, if y'all had done your jobs with Merrick Garland! (I am YOUR constituent)
Merrick Garland ring a bell to you, senator?
.@JohnCornyn  You can't claim any high moral ground on this. #Hypocrite @politico
.@JohnCornyn  Merrick Garland.  @politico
opposing is easy, governing is hard senator. Have fun
it seems I remember GOP saying the exact same thing before Obama nominated his choice.
And I'm sure you're smart enough to recognize all the Soros sock puppet liberal idiots swarming your tweet. They're astroturf
YOU BETTER STAND WITH THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION. I'M TIRED OF THIS CRAP. NUCLEAR OPTION.
Yes, you were  part of mindless obstruction not so long ago.  We voters have Long memories.
hypocrite
If the president was doing his job he would have included Dems in the process to begin with please start doing yours
.@JohnCornyn @politico you,sir, are a #hypocrite #shame #partybeforecountry #2020primary
@CNN I am constituent. Your vote on cabinet, executive orders, $ from Trump, traitor, and break rules of constitution
Well, maybe they will lose some more seats soon. The insane should not have power.
you shameless, hypocrite. U and ur ilk did the exact same thing to Obama for 8 years. Can't wait to vote u out.
Um, Antonio Scalia died when? Who decided that we should wait to fill the vacancy? Memory loss is covered under ACA--for now.
doesn't matter - called payback for being assholes
Damn right that's what GOP did to Pres Obama! Obstructed him for 8 yrs! Racist Bigots!
Seems fitting, since you and yours decided not to even hold hearings on Garland. #hypocrites
WHEN ARE YOU GOING TO STAND UP FOR THIS COUNTRY?! 2018!!
sounds oddly familiar to me.
Democrats are trying to turn over the election. They're becoming a clear and present danger to the US!!
- that's nothing: @GOP refused to have hearing for almost entire year for Judge Garland--probably didn't even care to meet him!
Good and I hope it lasts for 4 years.
Doesn't matter. If Trump nominates him/her, it cannot be a good choice.  Ex: Cabinet nominees.
You had better think about Trump and Bannon being the enemies. That is if you're still wanting a democratic republic.#treasonous
Garland must be the first on the list to be evaluated or you will be facing a backlash here in Texas.
Merrick Garland would have been SCOTUS if you had done your job. You are one to talk!
sounds familiar.
Hm, maybe because Obama wasn't respected enough to even get a HEARING for his nominee? Fair's fair.
you're a hypocrite Sen Cornyn! @gop didn't allow a vote on Obama's moderate SCOTUS pick w year left in office!
deliberate obfuscation. Stolen seat won't be filled, hypocrite. #merrickgarland.
I know it's hard to remember back to 6 months ago, but try anyway. Did you get the postcard I sent?
This is rich. You guys have some giant balls. You really do.
where do u stand on Trump senator cornyn? http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/shrinks-break-silence-president-trump-exhibits-traits-m-article-1.2957688 …

Yes u stole a seat from the democrats! Leave it at 8!!
get your short term memory checked
Sucks when your actions turn against you, I guess you don't like the taste of your own medicine.
cry us a river, hypocrite
And what are you doing to limit his overreaching expansion of power? Txns need you more than your party does
.@johnCornyn .@politico Just like you people did, remember?
is my senator. Filibuster or steal a nomination, like you did? #SCOTUS
You're a buffoon.@politico
Jesus Christ, Cornyn, where's the consistency? You've got a hell of a lot of nerve.

@politico
complaining Senate isn't giving a SC nominee proper consideration?  Ring, ring, hello kettle? Pot here, you're black.
As a Texan: #SCOTUSnominee Merrick didn't thanks to @GOP. @SenateDems learned this from your side. Goose meet gander
So... like you all did with Garland?  Hypocrisy looks bad on you.
We know it's not Merrick Garland.
We could have had a good, moderate Justice everyone could live with, but no, you had to pick this fight.
So unless, by some miracle, Trump nominates someone just as qualified and moderate, you don't get to have an easy time.
The cognitive dissonance required to be a Republican these days must be painful, indeed.
How can you complain when you obstructed Obama's Supreme Court nominee? #hypocrite
- Like GOP did for 11 months for Garland.  Well qualified and would not even talk to him.
Y'all had your chance to confirm Garland, but pitched a hissy fit instead because you wanted to show Obama up. Quit whining.
Nuclear option. Now.
hmmm, seems we've heard that before.  From your side!  Hypocrites
you did the same to Obama's pick.  Please listen to your state.  See what we are doing. Do your job
said 'any nominee' deserved a vote. He doesn't keep his word. http://www.dallasnews.com/news/politics/2016/04/05/john-cornyn-once-said-any-nominee-deserved-vote-now-hes-helping-block-obama-court-pick … via @dallasnewsnow
Sounds exactly like the repubs in 2016
We're watching you evil one. @politico
Perhaps someone could introduce you to Judge Garland you obtuse poor excuse for a Senator.
No Republican enabling Trump deserves to be taken seriously.
You aren't expecting anyone to take you seriously are you?
why not? You can't even speak against the maniac! Vote Cornyn the chicken out!
yes!!! You stole a Supreme Court seat ... one year no hearings what a hypocrite!
kind of like Republicans refused to even have a hearing for Obama's pick #hypocrite
Why bother when every tweet u post gets u dragged by your own constituents? Visit your district, man. Get a clue.
sound familiar? Dems are just being tactical and stubborn, direct from @GOP playbook. We have no other choice now.
Dems should filibuster until Trump names Merrick Garland as nominee.
show them a nuclear strick
kind of sounds familiar...anyway, not condoning this action however we, your constituents (1/2)
2/2 would like to know where you stand on immigration.
Complaining Sens will filibuster S.Ct. nom, sight unseen? #Hypocrite GOP said no HEARING for Obama nom day Scalia died @JohnCornyn @politico
wild guess: a straight white racist xenophobic man who bullies women & LGBT for fun aka typical GOP
It's said that Karma is a "B".  What goes around, comes around. Does it matter who it is?  NOPE!
listen to ur constituents, Sir.
the Senate would  not even hold a hearing for Obamas pick.  That's okay?  Ya'll need to do your jobs, not just Dems!
As a TX Dem from a TX GOP family, I speak for ALL of us: spend same energy fighting your new fascist overlord as you did obstructing Merrick
Corporate Shill
If it's not Garland, it's no one.
well, ya'll did give 'em an eight year lesson in stall tactics. so, apparently you're a better teacher than you thought. 
Didn't you do the same thing? #potmeetkettle
The same respect #repubs showed President Obama.
Well, nominate Judge Garland and they'll probably reconsider.
are you kidding me? Did the Senate GOP even hold a hearing for Merrick Gartland? Oh, the hypocracy!
You can see the irony in what you're saying here, can't you Senator?
John, it's frankly insulting that you think your constituents don't know/don't remember what happened with Garland.
My. God. The level of your hypocrisy is disgusting. You flat out said no Obama SCOTUS pick would be considered. Now you whine?
Have Trump choose Merrick Garland. You'd be amazed at the good will you will engender. Same for improving on ACA, not repealing.
as your constituent, you're reaping what you've sowed..
Sounds strangely familiar...you hypocritical snowflake
John, sounds like they took a page out of the Republican playbook Why didn't you demand hearings for Merrick Garland?
Merrick Garland would be fine!
It didn't matter to you guys either.
They have learned a lot from 6 years of obstructive politics by the Beltway Republicans.  Goose meet Gander.
I seem to recall the last 8 years and the white supremacist Republican's doing the same. Such hypocrisy.
R U  4getting your party was threatening 2 hold the vacancy open forever if #HRC got elected? Hypocrisy or senility?
Goose meet Gander

#Indivisible @DTX_Indivisible @IndivisibleNTX @Indivisiblesatx @indivisibletx30 @indtx36
Perhaps the Republicans should continue their past practice from last year and simply ignore the president's Supreme Court nomination.
what the heck. n what did u do against former Pres Obama nominee
There isn't a copyright on the GOP playbook.
You don't have the moral high ground here, Sen. Cornyn.
turnabout is fair play
@politico@txlege unless its Garland you will get no one- Independant Judiciary !!!!! we know u r hiding from your constituents.
Sen Cornyn your hypocrisy in this statement is beyond belief. You never gave Merrick Garland a hearing.
how soon GOP folks forget EIGHT YEARS of absolute obstruction of PBO from Day 1. Do your job & OBSTRUCT comrade Trump.
u CANT BE SERIOUS, with ur OUTRAGE @JohnCornyn? R u? R u upset that they r DOING WHAT U GUYS did FOR 8 yrs? TUFF LUCK!
Senate Rep even give Judge Garland a break.
shame on you senator for not standing up for Muslim ban. You also did the same for Garland.
Liberals know how to push back. Snowflakes like Cornyn will do anything just to avoid criticism from the left.
they probably don't, but do you know what HYPOCRITE means...?
they're wrong, just like you were. For an entire year. You don't get to throw stones inside the glass house you built.
Actually a good thing. The oppo party media, plus the Dems, are being conditioned to get used to losing all the time.
you're joking, right?
This is what happens when Senators like you let liberals have their way without ever challenging them.
As well they should.
Hmmm... Kind of sounds exactly like Republicans saying they would oppose anyone Obama picked. #hypocrisy
I learned it from watching you, Dad, alright!?!
after your party's theatrics and Mitch McConnells promises last year, you post this with a sense of irony, right?
Dems promise to talk endlessly...about nothing...where's the news in that?
Just like your kind filibustered some stuff to delay it too. I remember @SenTedCruz reading a story to his kid a few years back
Merrick Garland ring a bell?
did you know who Trump was?  Suggest contacting the moving van companies. 1st a Wall...what's next?  Elmer Fudd on SC?
http://talkingpointsmemo.com/dc/senate-gop-decides-no-hearing-for-any-obama-scotus-nominee …
Sleep in the bed you've made, I suppose.
Merrick Garland!  Hypocrite thy name is @SenateGOP
You did it to Obama. What, not okay to do it to the white guy?
D's will give Trump's nominee the same consideration given to Garland by you and yours
Shameful how you've forgotten your own recent behavior with supreme court nominees.
not even a hearing on Obama's pick! WE are not as dumb as you and GOP. Won't forget!
GOP didn't care one bit when you obstructed his every move. Quit whining.
It's called Karma. How does it taste? You didn't even let Merrick Garland get out of committee!
