Hope she can perform.
hi
We are praying for wisdom from God for you.
OBJECTIONS.
GEN JOHN KERRY? LOL...WHOEVER PRES BUSH SELECTS...I HAVE NO OBJECTIVES.
#GenKelly Please send ICE vans to Austin, TX, to the Montopolis area. SWARMING w/illegal scum. Afraid to walk out after 5PM. #HELP!
@PrisonPlanet @infowars @DRUDGE @rPOTUS Aguy w/a teardrop tattoo did his laundry next to me. I'm 61 & not able to whip him. DntHaveGun #HELP

VIDEO: CNN Inauguration Crowd Size LIE, CNN caught faking inauguration crowd size http://theamericanfirst.com/video-cnn-inauguration-crowd-size-lie-cnn-caught-faking-inauguration-crowd-size/ …
so so glad you are on our side and one of us!!!!
Congratulations.
@Veteran4Trump Trump is hamstringing the VA by freezing Fed hires. Need to fill 2,000 positions and can't now. Trump is hurting Vets.
@Veteran4Trump let us know what we can do Mr. Kelly! #ReadyToServe
At last!  USA is free of Muslim-controlled Dept of Homeland Security.
Ban the 'foxes' from the hen house.
@Koxinga8   Outstanding, Marine !!

Ooh Rah!!!
Now it's time to get the illegals out of the country..
@Veteran4Trump  great pick
@Veteran4Trump Congratulations.
Lets clean out the garbage in there, OK? I know there is several tons of garbage in there, fire them all.
I don't know about you, but with Kelly & Mattis, I feel safer already!
God Speed Much Success General
@vickiglynn12 Whoot Whoot, Sir
TAKE A LESSON FROM WE MARINES...NEVER...NEVER RUN FROM A FIGHT OR LEAVE A MAN BEHIND! (LIKE U DID DURRING THE ENTIRE OBUTTHEAD REIGN!
Congratulations!
: Great choice
Wonderful Team !
#BuildTheWall #StopSanctuaryCities #StopIslamicTerrorists

Dear @GOP,

We hold you accountable for Trump. Impeach fast, or get wiped out in 2018. You have been warned.

…
great
Congrats!
oh happy day, someone who finally knows what their doing
the mother homeland security
A man who will never stop working for this country.
CONGRATS GOD BLESS
@mrchambersblog  I'm 100% with you GENERAL KELLY, and thank you for your service
so excited to watch as we finally get our country back!

congratulations hon'ble john kelly general homeland security usa have principles in responciblitiys
congratulations to homeland security gernal jhon kelly usa have principels in responcibilitys
congratulations hon'ble john kelly gernal homeland security usa have principels in responciblitiys
The military ... among the few competent government employees.
more military to help with the coup
congrats! @johnn_kelly
i do what I can
yes!
Congratulation. It's moere plesuare that it happened at the 20th of juanuary !
Use funds for UN to build Embassy in Jerusalem. Cost efficient and UN "pays" for Resolution that led to terrorism in .
you are welcomed by America
Congrats. Now order President donnie to release his taxes.
Finally...someone who can get the job done.
get on the Trump Train or get left behind!!!
CONGRATULATIONS TO MR. GENERAL, PLEASE!
I feel better already!!!!  Thank GOD!
a great American.
I'm relieved Sec of HS Jeh Johnson has been replaced by someone who will honor the oath of office they took today, rather than ignoring it.
Congratulations! God bless!

congratulations
@MasterGuns1313 Congratulations
well deserved thankyou General
@QuitFreeLoading Congrats. 
are you going to issue a list of official twitter handles for the new Admin and cabinet?
@ClarkCountyGOPAbrave man for sure.Not sure how qualified he is. 2nd to MadDog. #RESISTANCE #TheResistance
Yup.
You had better work with this president & not against him!!
There will be no excuses!!  None! This is your last chance! Otherwise bye!
Dear Islamic terrorist. Trump, Mad Dog & the toughest mf'ers in the world are coming for you.
Hehe, @StacyBrewer18 @GOP
a great choice
Yes Sir it is!
close the boarder I came legally took 5 years
You are so right! It sends the message that doing the right thing is no longer important and breaking laws is okay!!!
He will end catch and release at the borders
congratulations General John Kelly
Go Trump! We are behind you all the way!
congratulations Sir
Thank you sir for your service!
@notrump57 
@MarkGeistSWP 
congratulation sir. Thank you for yet again responding to the call to serve our Nation. May God bless you and keep you.
Congratulations
congrats to the best
Will his first act be arresting the GOP for treasonous acts with Russia and Israel?
Sweep the streets clean General Kelly! #WeThePeople want to be safe in our neighborhoods again! Congratulations! 
Thank you sir for your service and God bless you!
Build that wall.
@debspargo89 sad memories: when DHS online begun to speack on "infrastuctures" under O'. I thought: what's matter
@debspargo89 watched on Fox his sworn but unknown for Homeland Security. TY Deb.
He best get on with stopping immigrants and building the wall.
First act,send troops to the border
We are all with you.
@JohnCornyn AND, David Duke sends his congrats to the GOP for stealing the will of the majority!
Semper fi
@SenTedCruz Lets not be fools. Keep in mind all empires were defeated by expensive armed forces. We are still the strongest!
Finally someone that can get things done!!!
Thanks for taking the job ~ Feeling safer already.
please have the borders  closed within the hour.
congrats to our new homeland security leader. Let's work together to make the homeland safer.
@JohnCornyn illegitimate President, Russia got him by the balls & Putin is rolling them around in his hand!
You are telling the world how severely uneducated you are. If you don't like it here, just leave and soon!
I must have hit a nerve and if I did KISS MY ASS!
The pansy president has been sent packing. Welcome to the starting team
@JohnCornyn For the country's sake we hope u can control this maniac!
Congrats to General Kelly ! Welcome to the A team!
CONGRATULATIONS SIR!!
@mjgranger1 - Yea! 
Congratulations!  He's a good one!!!
Congrats to both Generals. Thanks to GOP also.
Ready, set, go!
God bless you in your new position.
God bless you General Kelly. You have a lot of souls to protect.
@ghostbusters224 OK General, close the border!
awesome! Great to have excellent leadership in such an important position!
I might be biased here, but I LOVE a government run by New Yorkers & Marines :)
Great!!!! Congratulations Sir!!
Thanks for the whack job, losers.
Congratulations!
yes sir he is a good man
thank God
Congrats, Gen. Kelly. Our new Secretary of Homeland Security!
Semper Fi!
congratulations!
Rid of TSA. 97% failure rate. Waste of tax dollars.
crooked crooks
may God bless and keep you
@Jenna4Trump Go and KICKASS MR.KELLY No more Bullshit time for Americans to feel safe in America. America 1st in JOBS,MILITARY,SECURITY
Congrats
love that last name
We are proud of you too General
Put foot up Dems asses and get the rest of them confirmed
Tonight we will rest better thank you Sir.
congratulations
awesome
@tempteststorm2 God bless you Sir.
Congrats!!!
The undocumented human being are going to treated w dignity under John Kelly leadership?
illegals
yea!
Is Gen. John Kelly will respect "human right" while maintain protection 4 his duty? respectfully-
He will put America first unlike the president who just left.
Left a mess
LOVE MY NEW PRESIDENT.... GO AMERICA!!!!!
HECK YEAH!! FIRST TRUMP AND PENCE, THEN MATISS, NOW KELLY !! WE ARE NUMBER ONE HERE IN USA !! YEAH SO GLAD I WENT REPUBLICAN
thanks Chris you are now a happy GOP convince your liberal friends to be happy too Democrats all talk no results
i went republican in 2000
@TheRealRazielah
http://www.borderlandbeat.com/2017/01/guerrero-woman-and-2-year-old-found.html?m=1 …


God bless Generals Kelly and Mattis! Thank you for your service!
Congrats
TAIL-HOOK! Now President is sexual predator. Please don't waste money cleaning up U.S. services! No more perverts!
Congratulations General John Kelly
salute to a hero
