Sens. Schumer, Feinstein, Durbin, Murray, Leahy, Wyden, Reed, Carper, Nelson, Stabenow, Cantwell, and Menendez.
.@JohnCornyn have you stopped being a senator and become a lobbyist?
That was before we knew Russia was trying to influence our country #Trumprussia
Not the same
Nice to see the dark money cone to light.
These GOP Senators all supported Merrick Garland's 1997 nomination to the D.C. Circuit Court of Appels...
Orin Hatch, John McCain, Susan Collins, Pat Roberts, James Inhofe, Dan Coats, Thad Cochran.
Why not the secretary of Education she is so capable
Sen. Hatch, McCain, Collins, Roberts, Inhofe, Coats, Cochran, voted to confirm Garland in 1997 to DC Ct of Appeals -your point?
Yeah. It's crappy when Senators won't consider a Supreme Court nominee just because of the party of the nominator. I feel for ya. I do.
Different court, different circumstance.
Then he's done something that doesn't deserve their vote
Lots of Rs supported Garland's prior nominations too
No reason to make another mistake with an even bigger risk! Gorsuch is too radical to serve on our Supreme Court. Vote NAY.
Then he showed that he's a big corp man who cannot be trusted with civil decisions. Also didn't u support Garland b4 u didn't?
@Heritage #russiagate
Circuit Court and Supreme Court are two different things. Like passing healthcare and not passing healthcare...
Not to beat a dead horse but MERRICK GARLAND! MERRICK GARLAND! MERRICK GARLAND! MERRICK GARLAND! MERRICK GARLAND! MERRICK GARLAND!
Just as many of you confirmed Garland for his seat. You're not fooling anyone w that baloney, Cornyn. McConnell did a bad bad thing in 2008.
As a reminder, that was 11 years ago. He's shown his colors. 10th Circuit isn't SCOTUS.
You now look to the Heritage Foundation? Including their plan to provide universal, quality, affordable healthcare? Backbone of Obamacare.
Should not be a opening if you had done your job with Garland.
@JohnCornyn  These democrats and people of the Us don't want @GorsuchFacts sitting on the @Scotus for his lifetime destroying the US
Wasn't Gorsuch the one whose ruling was overturned by Supreme Court? Seems it was at the same time as he was being questioned in committee.
Garland!
did you support him?
And they were perfectly reasonable to do so. Gorsuch is not the problem. Garland, and your assault on the Constitution, are the problems.
Supreme Court is a different animal..#8isgreat
That was before he sided with a trucking company over the life of a truck driver.
Hmmm.  It is a different year, different court appointment and a President under investigation: I support them not voting for him.  Tx voter
Whereas you do neither of those things
And I voted for you. We all have regrets, dude.
That tweet made literally laugh out loud. Thnx.
Where is your list of Republicans that voted for Merrick Garland

Let's wait until Trump's impeached, and let the next Pres. pick-shouldn't be long
Guess what? Their base wants them to obstruct like the #GOP did for eight years. We're fine w it. Stop #GOP. We  democracy
And 7 GOP Senators supported Garland in 1997-your point?
Before Garland. It's a childish revolt, much like the GOP does. So tired of BOTH PARTIES.
Do not confirm until the FBI investigation is complete. Or give a hearing to Garland. #resist protect the USA - choose country over party
You just can't resist sanctimonious point-scoring can you? What an embarrassment you are to the Texan people.
No checks and balances with senators who vote party line with a president who has selected unqualified cabinet members...and now this....SAD
How many Republicans supported M. Garland before he was a SCOTUS nominee?
*Democratic
Just sorry now that I'll be moving to VA before #2020 & not eligible to VOTE YOU OUT (cause, ya know, voter fraud = dog whistle)
So bloody what? Doesn't mean they should support him for SC. & u say 'Democrat' Senators?That's a tell Gorsuch used in hearings too
Hmmmm...10 Years Ago. But the GOP Senate also approved Merrick Garland to the DC Circuit Court in 1997. Judge Garland became Chief Judge '13
different circumstances now I'm sure you'll agree. Can you point me to a servant of the people? Need to ask a few questions
You said "It's our obligation as senators and under the Constitution to give an up-or-down vote to any nominee..." and then refused to vote
on Merrick Garland. Care to explain that little piece of hypocrisy?
Different ball game.
@Heritage it makes no difference who he nominates, he could walk on water and not pass their test.
that's nice. Since then he has twisted the law whichever way he could to support big business. He is partial, and should not be appointed.
And how many of you jackasses supported Merrick Garland when he was nominated to the circuit court? Your point is bullshit!
Can say the same for Garland... but tell me again why that's different?? DO YOUR JOB!
10th U.S. Circuit of Appeals is not the Supreme Court.  Each has its own set of variables to be considered.   But what do I know?
Which isn't the SC..it's not just the man it's who chose him and why, it's a permanent position so given the times, scrutiny is required
11 yrs after they realize it's a mistake they can't repeat.The problem is that you are stuck in 2006 like he is stuck in 1776. #SCOTUS 78259
@Heritage Merrick Garland much?
You work for us.  We won't forget ur support of this administration in light of serious questions about treason.  #Trumprussia
and you can say the same thing about Merrick Garland and republicans. Your hypocrisy continues to be astounding!
I heard that you had a town hall in 2006. Why won't you have one now?
Trump was a Democrat then  so your point is?
@Heritage yup, different appointment, 11 years ago. Before GOP introduced obstructionism these past 8 years. You built this!
Not one Republican even heard Merrick Garland's nomination. Republicans have no ethics. I'll do everything I can to get that message out.
it only matters what you do under this administration and so far it's not looking good for you - you are clearly aligned
you clearly are incapable of acknowledging that today this country has a corrupt leader and administration. Stop looking in past
April Fools! 
How many Republicans supported Merrick Garland?  You're showing how hypocritical you are!
What part of "No confirmation until the Trump/Russia investigation is done" confuses you? #filibuster
not publishing a list of GOP who supported Merrick Garland? till Obama wanted him, naw. thought not ! hypocrite @TXlege @txdemocrats
The 10th US Circuit Court of Appeals seat Gorsuch was nominated for probably wasn't a gross example of obstruction of justice by the GOP.
A lot has changed since 2006.  Time for you to change too.
@Heritage Hmm, wonder what happened between then & now? Thinking of something that starts with a G…. #stolenappointment
Merrick Garland. 

...You know Garland is also a city in Texas... That big diverse state you "represent". #DoYourJob
It's "Democratic" not "democrat." Don't think we didn't notice the "mistake" which was obviously done on purpose. You're worse than @tedcruz
Situation is much different now. #RUSSIA. You are proving that you can't be objective in an investigation.
#Trumprussia Stop supporting a traitor. You are seriously misjudging the mood of your supposed constituents, whom you have forgotten.
What's your point? Just because ur "qualified"!for one job doesn't mean ur equally qualifed for another. You knew that, right?
And then you played games with Merrick Garland
his decisions while sitting on that court may well have changed their minds. After all his special ed ruling was overturned by SCOTUS
Do you have a list of Republicans who supported Merrick Garland for the DC circuit? Hatch, Inhofe, McCain, Collins, etc.?
POTUS should not be nominating a SCOTUS while under investigation. It is very simple. Stop the nomination.
Refuse hearings for Judge Garland and push this atrocity on the American People?  I think not Senator.
get rid of the super majority rule for SCOTUS confirmations
Not a fan of Heritage. Unfortunately for Gorsuch, once the Trump stink gets on you, you're dirty.
#Merrickgarland
@Heritage And truthfully, that should really support it again. But don’t point fingers, you behave/d in the exact same manner
Yeah, and then you shamefully denied a hearing on Obama's #SCOTUSnominee #MerrickGarland so, comity can kiss my ass.
Dems are destructionist hypocrites not supporting a fine jurist like Gorsuch. No polices just politics. Terrible!  @FoxNews @FoxBusiness
Dude, you keep posting this stuff as if last year didn't happen. I'm truly concerned about your mental state. Or is this just who you are?
The stakes are much higher here. Democrats know how to fight for what they want. Republicans like Cornyn are weak, wimps
And I supported (and voted for) you in the past, but it would be wrong for me to ever do that again.                Can you understand that?
TY John, but it's a different world now. President Trump can't b controlled & Democrat swamp creatures can't accept their insignificance.
R's had never refused to give a nominee a vote, let alone a hearing before 2016 either
: was that before or after the ruling in which he would've let the guy freeze to death?  People before corporations!  Vote NO!
how ironic - just like votes the GOP gave Garland for the US Appeals Court for the D.C. District Court.  Hmmm
SO WHAT? That is NOT the Supreme Court! Or r u confused?
Now they can keep him there. What's your point?
You're a sad, sad man John.
1 more thing, Sen:  Can you address/acknowledge the problem of the unhinged tweeting elephant in the room known as POTUS?
Circ.ct appeals is jussssst not the mustard of the Supreme Court, btw "your an empty golf shirt who doesn't have a clue" quotes from a CEO
@Heritage that was a different court. We are talking today about the Supreme Court. Better check your watch johnny!
Times, they are a changing...  Get used to it!  #resist
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland
how are you a senator and know so little about how shit works? Your "corrupt" is showing. Can't wait to vote you OUT!
Let's see: is it possible for people to change their minds in a decade, or for judges to change?
Senator they are not somuch against him as they are against everything.  You have to go nuclear. Voters chose POTUS exactly for SCOTUS PICK
No EO that is under FBI investigation should be able to appoint a SC Seat. Beside the Rs would not even given Garland a hearing. Ppl saw
And are pissed. U guys obstructed just bc. U should have done ur job even if it was a no vote. U have continued to put party above country
So?? Other than voting party lines, what do you like about Gorsuch? Hold #TownHall, hear your constituents since you only vote party line
If you can't tell the diff. between CoA and SCOTUS, you are unqualified for Senate.
The difference? This is a lifetime appointment made by possibly an illegitimate president. Wait to confirm. #SenateIntelligenceCommittee
Times change, Gorsuch made some bad decisions, You denied Garland a seat. Come meet with your constituents in TX!
He doesn't want to hear what we have to say.
@Heritage @GOP sens voted YES 4 Merrick Garland appeal ct: Hatch, McCain, Collins, Pat Roberts, Inhofe, Dan Coats & Thad Cochran
yes. But that was before the frozen trucker case, which should cause you to question his honesty & integrity & judgment.
I do not know who voted for you and for the life of me I do not know why they would!
Unfortunately I did but I WILL NOT do it again #votehimout2020. BUt @tedcruz has to go first.
All eight judges on the SC say no! What do you say about that!
@Heritage - Merrick. Garland. Plenty of GOP support to confirm him to D.C. Ct of Appeals too. Your point?
And Replutocrats that supported Garland? Karma 2020.
Maybe, it's the decisions that he made time after time after he got there that changed their minds?? Frozen trucker? Absurdity?
And his performance there is why no one is supporting him now.
Same deal with Merrick Garland. Your move.
Must be something really wrong with your boy if you have to struggle so hard to justify him
Fine. 2006 was before the GOP refused to approve Garland, wasn't it?
Stop the filibuster. Take the vote for Gorsuch appointment. The majority has spoken.
-seven Rrpublicans still in the Senate voted to confirm Garland in 1997 -including Hatch - what's your point
The 10th Circuit, SCOTUS are two very different things. Supporting him for 10th does not automatically translate to supporting for SCOTUS.
Sen. Hatch, McCain, Collins, Roberts, Inhofe, Coats, Cochran, voted to confirm Garland in 1997 to DC Ct of Appeals -your point?
From @CNN: At least 7 of the Republican senators confirmed Garland Sens. Coats, Cochran, Collins, Hatch, Inhofe, McCain and Roberts.
Merrick Garland.
@Heritage Foundation? You've lost all credibility when you reference that misguided group. Theyre a cloaked alt-right extremist group. Bad.
Before he was a judge.
hmmm...so what happened between 2006 and 2017?
-- He's made questionable decisions since then + different position & stolen seat. MERRICK GARLAND
funny how many Republicans supported Garlands appointment too.
And they'd happily consider him for SCOTUS if Republican Senators had considered Merrick Garland.
GOP Senate supported separation of powers, constitution and rule of law in 2006. Today, not so much. Should Dems cave to unethical bullies?
Can't respect your words, Sen. Last week you sold off our internet privacy-you won't visit or meet w/us in Texas. 2020 is coming
Sen. Hatch, McCain, Collins, Roberts, Inhofe, Coats, Cochran, voted to confirm Garland in 1997 to DC Ct of Appeals -your point?
Thanks for perfectly capturing the response I wanted to make.
We've got to fight the good fight!
Merrick Garland.
Perhaps the SCOTUS  is no place for a misogynist or bigot?
that was before he ruled that a man should freeze to death in his truck before abandoning it
Ya know what, they don't support him now.  Just like Texans are not going to support you if you run again
Serious question: Can you, from the heart, explain to me why blocking Garland was not petty partisanship but this is?
We won't forget Garland at election time, John.
He has had poor judgements since then. Also one of those judgements was unanimously overturned by Supreme Court. People change over 11 years
I think @SenateGOP should've given Garland a vote, and failed your duty to do so, but I agree that Gorsuch is qualified.
as you may know, The Supreme Court is a bit different
How many Republican Senators voted for Merrill Garland?  Bullshit logic John. Not even a good try
Quit whining. It is a stolen seat and a nomination made by a president under investigation for treason. Not the time for a lifetime position
And Gorsuch is probably a good guy. But R's blocked Obama's appointment, remember? You pissed the D's off. Y'all are acting like babies. ALL
Y'all have to start working together & work FOR THE PEOPLE. W this adm GOP has shown how cruel y'all r. Enjoy $$ for selling out our privacy
Btw... The bill you're speaking of didn't pass. Wake up. Your privacy is still protected
@SenateDems Prediction. Many of those Democrats voting No on Gorsuch will be out of a job after their next election.
GARLAND! I will not forget #2018 #2020
So that was before you refused to hold hearings for Judge Garland? Hypocrite!
“Which shall to all our nights and days to come Give solely sovereign sway and masterdom.” 
― William Shakespeare

Good point
11 years later - still in Congress - career politicians were never intended by our founding fathers - there lies the problem or sickness!!!!
I wish you were as passionate about meeting with your constituents. When's your next #townhall sir?
Yeah, well times change. So what?
MERRICK GARLAND. Get it ?
ELECTIONS HAVE CONSEQUENCES. Get it?
We are pissed at you bro, major pissed. Like donald trump in Moscow pissed 

@scotus is a little different Johnny. We do not want the legacy of a criminal on this bench.
Not the same as a lifetime appointment to the highest court, but I wouldn't expect you to have the mental capacity to understand that.
all those republic senators who voted Garland onto the bench.....This is too easy, you were always that kids weren't you..."but they....."
Merrick Garland
Garland.
Stop enabling a traitor, you're complicit in the greatest con in us history...PROTECT OUR DEMOCRACY
