R approach to health care is evil.  US wants care for all. Not tax cuts on backs of those least able to pay for care
Yeah, All. Of. Them. Because no one feels status quo is perfect. The difference is #RetainAndReform builds on the positive values.
Why does @SenateGOP continue to treat the American people like sh!t? Working on Trumpcare in secret. Shame on you.
Probably b/c single payer #MedicareForAll is the only humane&most efficient way to do healthcare, but y'all are all slaves to var lobbyists
Plenty of Democrats admit this publicly. Let's compromise and only pass a bill that expands the number of insured.
Then let's see what the "better" option is for an honest debate. Secret bills & rushed votes seem totalitarian. 
No shit, Sherlock. 
Then get them on board! They should not be ashamed to do what is right!
investigate Loretta Lynch & Clinton. Sick of nowhere investigation on our President. Republicans need 2 stand up & do the right thing.
Too bad he won't work with them to fix it
I have trouble with @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz refusing to have townhall meetings w/Texans in Texas cities & towns. schedules?
No shit. It's a watered-down bill which includes numerous republican ideas. Based largely on Mitt Romney's Massachusetts plan
What their pay packets from the lobbyists were short?
I have trouble w/old white GOP senators secretly writing health bills. >%50 of Americans have a uterus. Get the prostrate out of there.
Do you have problems with Social Security?

Do you want to repeal and replace it?

Try again.
Whooptee doo! Dems already acknowledge LOUDLY &PUBLICLY they know it has problems - needs 2b fixed. GOP too hard-headed&stubborn 2cooperate!
How many Democrats & Republicans will die w/o Obamacare? Oh wait, he doesn't care.
Fine.  It was a first go round for Obamacare.  So just make necessary adjustments!  Don't overthrow it and make things worse!!!
This is not news. Democrats have said as much publicly as well.
That's been the case from Day One. Get it up and running, and improve it as needed. No mystery.
Yeah, they want to fix it, not destroy it. You guys are flat out liars.
It's crumbling bc GOP lawmakers, governors, etc., have spent 6 years beating it with a hammer.
It isnt a secret- they gutted the risk corridors on purpose.
Exactly. They've done everything in their power to cripple this system, and they don't even deny it.
try to fix it, man, instead of throwing out the baby with the bath water.
How is this private? Both minority speakers of the House and Senate openly admit there are issues with ACA. We need to fix, not repeal.
Don't believe @JohnCornyn . He's a trump enabler.
I'm pretty sure no one really talks to @JohnCornyn, with the exception of mcturtle, @VP & the other alt right @GOP gang members
Great, let's fix it instead of dumping millions off insurance. I'll bet they have many more problems with the travesty called AHCA.
Of course they do - it's not universal care with price controls. Leaves ~$1T in HC cost that doesn't go to HC.
This is not a shock! Democrats have been openly saying Obamacare needs fixes for YEARS! Where have you been??
Many Texans have told me privately they have a problem with @JohnCornyn.  Fix O'care, don't repeal it!  You are destabilizing the ins mkt!
Well John, are you listening to what the problems are and embracing the Democrats input and help?
We all have a problem with #Obamacare. Its not perfect. But #Deathcare isn't the solution!! Fools.
I'm guessing that some Democrats have also told him privately to go f*ck himself. Add me to that list.
Of course, but that doesn't excuse 13 old white republican men for hiding in a room to secretly write repeal.
What happened to your way of thinking????
Sure: they want to clean off all the GOP sludge from the first time. Not replace it with a complete dunghill.

I sometimes have troubles w my dog. Am thinking of just dropping him off on a back country road & starting over w a new dog no one likes
Senator.  Still secret meetings.   Citizens have right to know.   Check your old tweets.  With all respect
There are issues but republicans are not concerned with that, not stopping them from pushing worse plan with no hearings
They also don't like your plan
He totally misrepresents. Many of us understand it's step #1. None of us support his lies and what he's trying to do.
With so much GOP obstruction of course it will suffer. But YOU care more about repeal for a party win than tweaking the ACA to save lives
you mean the problems created by the Republican's weakening the original Bill?
If you have a #txtownhall you will realize that your constituents also have problems with ACA and they want you to FIX it. #deaf #hypocrisy
Of course they do. It's imperfect. So work together to fix it.
When it comes time to mark the stone for the Replutocrat Party of today the script will read, "They sacrificed all for Repeal and Replace."

The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
Yeah...I support ACA but there are some problems that can be addressed.  Don't let the perfect be the enemy of the good.
Any comment on this tweet Senator?
- Your Constituent
The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
Even the Dems said it needed tweaking. Just disagree I throw I g the whole approach out.
Yes, there are problems but nothing like Trumpcare. Your bill gives new meaning to the term "deathpanels". #RESIST #ShowUsTheBill
There may be problems but slash and burn secret deals and tax cuts for rich assholes are NO solution
Yes, and when something can be improved to better serve the people, our legislators ought to make it BETTER.
anonymous sources?
Then fix it! Don't give us this AHCA crap which is way worse!
Many people have a problem with Obamacare. That's why you need to make it better. That's NOT what you're doing.
Oh my God, seriously.  Not new news.  Where have u been?  They need to fix the small issues not make a new mess.  Nobody disagrees with that
EVERYONE has problems with Obamacare. That's what happens with COMPROMISE when people work TOGETHER.
Of course some Ds have problems with parts of OC. It's not perfect. But it does a lot of good, and could be tweaked to improve performance
I don't think anyone has claimed it's perfect.
LOL, they don't have nearly the problems with Obamacare that we the people do because they are opted out of it!!!!
No shit, John. They want to fix it but you won't do anything but throw tantrums about it.
How will this secret bill fix the problems with ACA?
they say it publicly too, and they want to fix it because that's what 62M Americans voted for in 2012
It's for sure not a perfect bill. I'd still much rather see it be improved than dumped in favor of a giant tax cut for the rich.
NO SHIT. No one ever said it was perfect. Stop sabotaging it and killing people, you maniacs. #2018
Because it sucks too. #singlepayer
Names, no names must not be true.
Well, of course.  Obamacare isn't perfect.  That doesn't mean what you're making now is better - you won't show us though, so we don't know!
how many told you they have problems with AHCA, your GOP bill  that will deprive 32,000,000 currently insured citizens of health care?
Of course they do! The ACA didn't tackle price inflation directly, and GOP states didn't build their own exchange / take on price negotiatin
We 18% of our GDP focused on health care, compared to 5-7% elsewhere. How will you force that down? Ending insurance? Less coverage? What???
Yes. And they want to FIX IT as opposed to kicking people off healthcare entirely.
Exactly!!
well if he said that it must be true....
Like this is new info? OMG you are grasping desperately at anything to distract from what they are doing behind closed doors.
Well, John lies a lot and only repeats whatever self serves.  And I'm pretty sure he wouldn't be caught dead talking to a Democrat.
The global cyberwar has become a 3-way cage fight between the US, China and Russia. https://ctovision.com/cyberwar-is-now-a-3-way-cage-fight/ … via @ctovision #cybersecurity
