Maybe you should worry about your reelection chances especially when you refuse to meet with your constituents.
That's rich coming from a GOP Senator - Republicans have lost all moderate members. The Tea Party has taken over the GOP. Worry about that.
I saw the light 20 years ago. The Republican party will lose a third,at least, of its members to Independents.
@SenateGOP @SenateDems @GOP @TheDemocrats @SenWarren @tedcruz @SenateMajLdr @SenShumer   Senator Cornyn I am not thrilled by the extremes
of both parties.  In case you haven't looked recently, Congress has an approval rating lower than Trump.  Neither party should be excited
The DNC needs to drain their swamp too. Hope they can come up with better candidates than that.
Sounds good to me. It beats the divisive "lock her up" chant led by the criminal himself, General Flynn to your hateful party.
Put your own house in order.
Ha! No one can control he who shall not be named.
GOOD!  I would vote for her before ANY GOP TTump ass kissing lemmings who can't govern! GOP obstructs, but does nothing
Why don't we hear you denouncing neo-Nazi white supremacist groups? Why! Your Texas constituents and the rest of the country are waiting.
Warren 2020. Yippee.
This is what you have to talk about? Do nothing GOP #ImpeachTrumpNow
Well, at least you are using reputable news sources today.
Refreshing isn't it?
It's a step in the right direction. Next, maybe he will actually start reading the articles and tell us what he plans to do about it.
What we need right now is moral leadership and courage from our senior senator. You offer neither.
WTH is your problem? I cannot believe we are paying you.
Time for change now!  #ImpeachTrumpNow
Worry about yourself. Republicans are allowing white supremacists to hold high positions in the WH. You are the problem.
I'd vote for her
Well puke!!!
A neo-Nazi drove a car into a crowd of people yesterday and you're worried about Elizabeth Warren?
Really hope this very nasty woman runs. Even liberals must believe it's wrong to fake your heritage for financial gain
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
Well, she condemned the domestic terrorism. You just stated "someone should." She did. 30yrs on the taxpayers teat is enough for you. Retire
She had my vote! You on the other hand need to go!
Is this your way of deflecting the attention away from the tragedy?
You could learn a lot about caring for your constituents from her. If you didn't hate women too much to listen.
Senator Warren is what you're talking abut about today? Why isn't Charlottesville on your mind? #Charlottesville
She might get the nomination. That's how weak the democrat field is.
Sounds good  to me! One lesson of 2016 is that we need a moderate in the WH, but if she's nominated I'll vote for her in a heartbeat!
If you think that's nuts, look at the president you support!
I'm good with this. Why are you posting?
Good.  And given everything going on in our own country, this is the crap you are tweeting? My God, you are shameful
The farther to the left she goes the better it is for conservatives.
When ur a TX Senator whose attempts 2 distract by crying 'Hillary' have long become stale, what do u do? Btw, thoughts on Charlottesville?
I'd vote for her.
She has my vote. So will Jill if she runs.  Hillary is too easily bought and weak.  Just like 99.8% of politicians; so easy to buy and bend.
Good. You scared, John? You shld be. Do you have an original thought? What are you going to do about the racist morons in the WH? Townhall
Haven't heard you say White Supremacy Terrorism. Afraid your base will get mad? Denounce white supremacists John.
I am glad we have strong women who stand up for what they believe in! What do you stand for John?
#EmptysuitCornyn
@jmartNYT You won't call Nazis by their name, and now THIS is what you're worried about this morning?  #disgrace #coward
Yes, we are, John, and we're coming after you and Ted!
worried ?? you should be...condemn White supremacists
Registered Republican takes aim at a crowd killing at least one and injuring many.
Kooky you're reading the NYT. Isn't that fake news? And your random post reeks of misogyny. #worstsenatorinusa
Ho hum. She's a definite loser. POTUS Trump winner.
We aren't distracted by your random posts, John. We are alarmed by your support for the crazy man in the White House.
Cornyn another white supremacist, it's also his base.
You're an embarrassment
Given what happened yesterday shouldn't your focus be elsewhere?  Please stop posting this partisan crap.
I beleive they we're talking about reparing her far sighted vision " lasics,lasics"
She can sure as shit lead this country better than the clowns in the WH now.
That is so cool. Isn't it Senator?
If Feauxcahontas took aim at radicals she might hit herself.  It's ironic the day after racial conflict the left is supporting a race faker.
She's a heck of a better patriot then you
Took you long enough to address yesterday's events and then as tepid as POTUS, why won't you call it for what it is?
"Homegrown White Supremacist Terrorists!"
Yeah.
Oh My God!! What a Scary thought!!
Shut. Up. 

With all that is going on in our country, you show your utter partisanship and ignore what is important. I hate you more every day.
You say this like you're some kind of moderate voice of reason. Start acting like one and represent Texas instead of some charicature of it
Hopefully in TX, we will be chanting Stovall 2020 come election time to get you replaced. @DwayneStovall @NotOnThisWatch
Nazis just killed 3 people in VA, nazi rally in San Antonio, another next week at A&M, your response given you're Trump's #2 enabler in Sen?
War in?
Ya know @tedcruz is not my favorite guy, but he has come out & denounced yesterday's events. Where do you stand, Senator. TX is watching.
& this is a problem why? VA experienced a homegrown terror attack w that car & your guy T is leading us to war w NK. Statement.
Omg please run. Democrats are their own worst enemy.
Super funny  Whining Warren!
Thank you for your support.
There are so many important issues going on right now.  Please focus on helping our country avoid war-foreign and civil.
Even the tweeting President showed more restraint.
With the seriousness of North Korea, White Supremacy and Russian Hacking  what concerns you most is the 2020 election.  Its embarrassing.
Good for her! At least she is qualified. Not like the current one, who can't even condem thugs
Who makes all of these pantsuits?
She is a 'nasty ' woman! Go Liz!!!
Are you jealous, Corny? Is that it? Ain't nobody gonna be chanting 2020 for you. Not for POTUS, senatorship, or anything else.
Sheis a raving lunatic, moonbat, fake indian.
Good for her.
This is the best you have to offer? You're a complete incompetent! Your POTUS hate rhetoric and public dick measuring is out of control.
Could I bring your attention to what's going on now?  Maybe you could work on some? North Korea? Russia?  Racism and bigotry?  Emoluments?
Good for her! Work with Dems to repair the ACA!
Do you have an opinion on these headlines or r u  just lazy?
Pro tip: your suppression of women will be your downfall!
I take aim at Pocahontas ability to lie as easily as she does!!!!!
I'm sure you'll be much more willing to work with her than you are Trump. You both have the destruction of America as a goal.
It'll never be John 2020.  You're useless.
I'm not a fan of hers. Sorry. Lol

Whistleblower TarrefSimon is bring attention tothe contaminatedwater @ the VA.#Justice4Vets
http://setexasrecord.com/stories/511049238-former-worker-accuses-veteran-s-administration-medical-center-of-dirty-water-conditions … 
