Is it possible for the bar to be any lower? Trump has chosen the worst cabinet ever to make himself look good by comparison.
Oh if it were that simple. Through research and instinct, I believe DJT wants to undermine and destroy USA.
did you actually think before you wrote those tweets?
Did you think before you voted for a money-grubbing traitor who only cares for himself?
who said I voted for him? Be very careful Stu...I will eat you alive
You're denying you voted for him? You sound confused.
I'm not in USA fuckwhit
Where are you? Russia?
Wonderful! Someone who wants to destroy the planet so my grandkids have to salvage the mess. Sad!
Don't worry. won't be anything left to destroy or pass down to our grandkids if we don't get this hate under control
the clowns just keep appearing 
It's Sad. Really sad that you feel that way. Clowns? American or just passing through?
Another choice of the Fossil Fuel Industry! Apparently they are the ones calling the shots in this country!
this country or Korea?
America!
Get it done. You and Trump are the best

Dump Sessions.
omg....does the nightmare not end. Jesus....
one should congratulate for delivery of good results not for appointment of expectations - such an ego booster - Sorry!!
Why is ur AG lying to our faces? Why did YOU appoint all these LIARS 2 your  cabinet? That makes you a LIAR 2. LIAR IN CHIEF.

He talked to Russians, too. Isn't that what all your boys do? #resist
only a matter of time before he resigns too.
YEEEEHAWW!
#TheResistance
since when is Russia our enemy?
Since WWI.
Cool. Looking forward to him resigning soon. Sad!
Zinki in, Pruitt in, Perry in.  Getting you libtards close to left edge!  Pls JUMP!
when ur not smart enough to come up with something better you resort the name calling. Saying it doesn't make it true.
Just remember  not to waste too much energy on these paid Indivisible ORG. terrocrats.
Very good advice!  Thx! These economic terroristic morons are toast!
Disappointed in Sessions.  He got played.
along w/edu & comm depts will @GovernorPerry & you, @POTUS, be working on closing down the energy dept?
The same dude who couldn't remember which agency's he wanted to demolish? Country is going to hell
he should stick to ballroom dancing.
what a joke
WaaaHooo!!
I wonder what his connection to Russia is?
Taxes please

a fine choice
another loser cabinet member!
Oh great. Dumb and dumber
Chief qualification  for a job in your CABINET, MUST BE TOTALLY UNQUALIFIED.
Does this guy have enough MONEY to qualify???
Good point.
Congrats!
oops
COUNTDOWN TO THE NEXT RESIGNATION
Hmm. The former Sec. of Energy had a PhD in nuclear physics.  Aka - a scientist.  Qualified.  Explain please.
God help us all.

Great choice!
HORRIFIC CHOICE
we had a moron in charge of the nuclear codes. Now we have another in charge of the arsenal. What could possibly go wrong?
Clinton is still fair game, with the way things are covered by all the dems shell get her Waterloo! Trump needs toughness
DON'T MESS WITH #Texas
Maybe have a mass resignation day for all your inept cabinet picks   SAD
Perry just keeps embarrassing the state of Texas.  Sad!
liberals are so f $#&ing whiney grow up

He should have stayed with his old job because he is Making America Worse Again.  Perry is a joke on all of us
WINNING!! Time for energy independence! 
100% True
ENERGY INDEPENDENCE IS RIGHT FOR USA NOW
We are blessed to have President Trump to take us forward!
Now that's funny!  Did he grab your personal parts & now your in love?

Please come back @BarackObama
be patriotic for God's sake. I put up with Obama 8 years. Your turn now. I was never unpatriotic
Patriotism is the last refuge of the scoundrel.
way to go Pres we love Rick Perry.
Congratulations on doing your part to kill the earth and ruin the future of humanity.
good dancer!
RICK PERRY MY TEXAS GOVERNOR God bless you
Did you like #March4Trump ?
We need to raise $3,000+ ASAP
for the next rally fund us at 
http://Usapray4trump.com   @March4Trump RT&Share
@LaraLeaTrump @ENERGY another gimme for the comics...Most unqualified baffling cabinet. What a joke you will be in history books.
Has he had contact with Russia?@POTUS @ENERGY
Hi
Finally! No reason for his delay! He is an American!
When can we see your tax returns? Is that audit done yet? 74% of the USA wants to see them.
And we wanted to see Obama's school records-waiting!
When he was running, he wanted to get rid of this department......Do they now have a future?
good choice
Is this another million air who is going to be high paid to do nothing except kiss Trumps ass . It is time to figure out wage
yeah ok he looks smart.
great more idiots running amuck
Do the Patriots & Donald well Rick, congrats.
Closed until further notice!
Oooops!
GO TEXAS
Has no idea what he's doing. Doesn't care.
you've sold out the American people. Every single one of us.
@JohnCornyn @ENERGY how far down the line of succession is he? At this rate he'll be President soon.
Best practical joke ever. Man who wanted to eliminate an agency who's function he misunderstood now its head.
cmon Trump surely even you can see he's not capable of this job in today's world
Dancing with the nukes!!  Sad.
@LouDobbs @ENERGY got Gods  Word on it...
So the Agency will be shut down?
Yea congratulations!!
this is going to be the oddest administration ever!Billionaires & Liars Club. They play Truth / Dare every Fri in Oval Office
another alligator to the #swamp
this made me lol
that guy who wants to do away with the energy department? So much winning.
Yay!
Wow! Your douchebaggery knows no bounds!
Congratulations, Rick Perry!
Check his Russian ties too. All of them should be investigated.
Spare us the suspense, will you?  Just tell us now what his ties to Russia are...Seems to be a prerequisite for this admin.
Congrats Gov. Perry ahh Sec. @GovernorPerry  Make Texas Proud
To the guy who wanted to shut it down. But hey, let's just dump toxic waste into streams, instead. WTG Twittler!
Congrats but watch his back Dems will have him promising to give Russia access to our power grid
YEAH  GO @GovernorPerry CONGRATS @POTUS @ENERGY 
50% cut in useless Dept of Energy employees should be enough to pay for the wall right off.
ridiculous
@TrumpForWH @ENERGY Congratulations
Rick Perry's forgetting the name of the DOE was only funny.  Naming him head of a dept that he thinks should be abolished is scary.
At least he's somewhat entertaining! (Red buttons don't give you a treat, don't push any)
Congratulations, Rick Perry  #GodBlessAmerica 
The dept should be eliminated.
UG!
hope he's not indicted, too
POTUS+Perry Great Team! Don't stop the momentum moving forward!
a horrible, horrible pick. Your cabinet is nothing but a bunch of pro oil, pro Russia idiots.
Congrat on what?, this is the department that he couldn't recall and planned to do away with,oops
Oops.
The guy who didn't remember this agency is who you pick to lead it? One more consolation prize appointment.
our President Sucks balls.
what a joke!
and, as soon as he can, he will do away with that department what the name is. Disgraceful.
worst appointment ever,  in a sea of horrific ones. SAD!
oops
BY GOD JUST MAKE SURE HE DOESN'T LOSE HIS SMART GLASSES!
good job keep up the good work mr president
#nonukes. Lol
he reminds me of 3 things I adore .... Rich, Swamp-like, and I forget the 3d.
these choice's seem to be ' keep friends close and your enemies closer'
good God. He didn't even remember the name of the agency he wanted to axe and is now the head of! Environmental disaster soon
not too confident in Rick...let's see
Can he even spell "nuclear?"
he better do the right things we are watching
I liked him better when he was just dancing.
About damn time
Alternatively, Use Central Americn & Mexicn illegal immigrnts 4 Labor 2 Build Wall offering Wall Job, Work Papers & Temp SS#.
This is the reason you will be know as the pond scum president #historybooksarenotfakenews   @SenSanders @HillaryClinton
How about them glasses? Looks like they worked on you after all @realDonaldTrump. S-M-R-T.
Jeff Sessions lied under oath. He must resign immediately! #russiagate #SessionsLied
Is he cramming on nuclear physics now?....or is giving dancing lessons to the staff.  He'll be tap dancing a bunch.
another one with no clue on energy! Great pick.
go get em hoss
Couldn't you find someone any dumber? BTW, how much did you make from Russian oligarchs and Wilbur Ross, your Commerce Sec?
Can't wait until Perry screws over that dept & US like he screwed over Texas & paved the way for Palpatine Abbot.
Another unbelievably disastrous appointee. Upside is Rick wants to abolish EPA so he'll be out of a job soon. One can hope.
he will make a great secretary of, um... of... I can't.... #ooops
Any interests in Russian oil?
Congrats to Sec. Perry hope you can at least make the E Dept a lot smaller by making it efficient.
rick perry is a demon from Hell. i should know, i am in texas, which he left in a shambles, for his boy to make worse.
With a name like Perry, he must be a good guy. :-)|)
how many times has HE met with Russians??
#Oops
What a joke!!  The need for smarts and qualifications has obviously gone out the window today!
We love you!  Congratulations.
isn't that the department he forgot?
lol
You mean James Perry. How about getting our coal worker's back to work. How about free energy?
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/rick-perry-department-of-energy_us_587721a0e4b092a6cae559d6 …
He's in charge of the department he said he would abolish given the chance. 'DOE what's that? Don't need that
@SecretaryPerry our country being led by unqualified idiots.
lol
Ouch.
Congratulations Sec Perry and Pres Trump. 
will the undersecretary be Fredrick Douglas?
Oh hell, another one.
when will we see Rick's list of Russia meetings?
A Fed Easement 2 Build WALL s/b legalizd rather than purchasng land under Eminent Domain will unnecessarily create huge bill!
@TIMENOUT @ENERGY don't fuck this up Mitchell !!!!!
God save us all, a guy with a farming degree is in charge of nuclear weapons and material.  Talk about bad stuff...
Welcome aboard Secretary Perry!
Did the Russians assist in this appointment too?


!! Yipppeeee!!!
#SecPerry,be check out the new #SolarRoof Tesla developed and Backup Power Batteries for the home; the 2 make solar viable.
Congratulations @energy
Can he find his way to the building? Oh and Ricky you're now responsible for them nukes.
Does he remember the name of the agency yet?
Oops
wonderful!!
Another jackass who doesn't understand what the job is about. Congrats!
