Judge Grouch was confirmed to the Court of Appeals 10 years ago by voice vote, meaning no one objected, including Senator Schumer
Please listen to your constituents! Say no to building a wall, find a way to help people become citizens, & demand Trump's taxes
this constituent says BRAVO TRUMP I don't care about his taxes, BUILD THE WALL to PROTECT USA, Come here LEGAL
Last I saw Trump was trying to stop legal immigration too. And you don't care about his conflicts of interest? Shame
you are deceived
I read and watch a variety of news sources. I do not think I am the one deceived. I see you are an avid Fox watcher.
it's spelled I A M A C O W A R D.
Being  a Texan Jill why do u care about DeVos as Texas opted out of National Curriculum?
at least we agree on this
not the point and you know it. That. Nomination belongs to Garland. We learned obstruction from YOU, my employee Answer the phon
actually funny -but your voting record is not
.@JohnCornyn the SCOTUS has a higher standards. Considering who you support for POTUS, I'm not surprised 7 don't know what standards are.
how about we focus on the fact that there are no town halls scheduled for the state of TX
BTW, thanks for getting back to me (a constituent) on Devos.
yeah...how about that guy Merrick Garland??
what's your point....your side stated that SCOTUS could do without 9 judges for a year.  Now your whining!!
you also seem to hate listening to your constituents
Riiiight. That's why he won his last election with 62% of the vote.
Well I don't hate you. But I just started following you and it's not because I like you. #TownHall #LastTerm #Resist
thanks for being human
Hate proofreading too? Garland was confirmed to the DC circuit w/ the votes of @SenJohnMcCain & @OrrinHatch. Try spelling this:
LOL, your new to this twitter, all ok, I would rather see you excel at getting things done 4 us ...than excel at twitter.
Schumer is just one of many that need to go. TERM LIMITS NOW! Get rid of RYAN, SCHUMER, McCain, MCCONNELL PELOSI to start!
also, fact checking. At least that's what your tweets point to...
And in 1986, Repub-controlled Senate committee blocked Jeff Sessions from federal judge for racism. Yet in 2017...
Court of Appeals and Supreme Court are different. Get used to your phone lines ringing off the hook, sir #indivisible #involved
I am a constituent. Wish you would do your job and represent Texas instead of Trump.  Fight Trump. He is no conservative.
You should take it up with the new Education Secretary. You know, the one with no public education experience or empathy. #DeVos
and you hate facing your constituents.  Maybe too scared to face the music.
once you help defund public schools maybe ppl won't be able to read, but until then learn how to spell and don't pass the blame
Freudian slip.
My "like" was for the spell check joke.... not the Judge Grouch content. Just to be clear
@chevesligon autocorrect learns very slowly
Just like you hate public town halls in your home state?
you got it right
On spell check, I agree.  LOL
guess who else had bipartisan support?  That's right Merrick Garland
Houston needs more and better light rail.
perhaps you should actually read what you write and THINK about what you are saying #proofreading
That's called a #FreudianSlip
Your job is in jeopardy.  Hearing from constituents is not a conspiracy,  it's democracy in action. #YouWorkForUs
Merrick Garland has been denied any vote at all.
I think autocorrect got you again, I hate *my constituents (look better)? When's your next town hall?
I think spell check is trying to tell you something. Just like your constituents are trying to tell you something. #DoYourJob
We want @GarlandSCOTUS
Well that's about the only thing we are agreeing on these days. #formersupporter #answeryourphone
you can delete & fix tweets. & then meet with your constituents! We'd love to chat in Houston & can give you a Twitter tutorial
this is not 45's nomination to make. It was stolen from Obama's very moderate pick.
Same for MERRICK GARLAND
Key words, "ten years ago." A lot can change in ten years. Unless you're a white dude stuck in the past, I guess. #middlefinger
I see you're lack of attention to detail carries over to pretty much everything.Blame spell check instead of proofing. #GOPblame
Schumer is only objecting because of his true immaturity. He already approved under Obama, this is political grandstanding.
But it gave me a morning laugh!
Judge Garland must get a vote in the Senate and only after that any other judge. Do your job.
So was Obama's guy but you & your cronies refuse to even discuss his nom. Why should the Dems come out & play?
When is your next town hall in Texas?
-- I do, too -- don't trust it!
Yep it sucks especial when MSM treats it like a Real treaty Ratified by the Senate.
Which do you hate more, spell check or morals check? By your actions, I'd say the latter.
and we hate your crass opportunism in kissing up to Trump. Go back to carrying his water.
Smart people like it.
Senator can you confirm what's happening in Austin? A massive deportation via ICE underplay?  Austin news networks are reporting
tell trump to release his taxes. Investigate Russia's influence in our elections. Preserve medicare and social security.
.@JohnCornyn @woodruffbets
the comparison is reduclous! That was not the Supreme Court!
Embarrassed for you Senator
I'd prefer judge Grouch over U. At least I would know where he stands. You have become a puppet who has forgotten TX.
I hate you are ignoring the people.  2 more years till re-election?
Cruz in 2018 & Cornyn in 2020.
2020
The stakes are totally different NOW.
Thank you for responding to our concerns! Gorsuch will honor our constitution. #Cornyn2024 #MySenator @SenateGOP @NRSC
@woodruffbets @johncornyn hates spell check, but not as much as he hates facts and constituents! #Trumpublican


Be thankful his first name is not Oscar.
the downside of modern technology.  Jeeps us all human.  See what I mean
So does the rest of Texas.
That made me laugh.
What about Holocaust denier in WH? As Whip, you never  speak out on excesses in WH. Now, families torn by raids. #shame #coward
child please
Not for long!
What was the vote on Merrick Garland?
and responding to your constituents! Happy Saturday. Hope you remember that children's lives are at stake w/ your decisions.
@mikiebarb Freudian slip??
you described Scalia perfectly
No worries, it's called alternate spelling now.
Grouch is already ON the SCOTUS....
truth. Twitter is particularly cruel since it doesn't let you edit.
Give Merrick Garland the hearing he is owed and maybe you can bitch about Dems obstructing without sounding hypocritical
@woodruffbets It's good. Dems should confirm him as soon as Trump'll nominate Garland,Reps'll confirm him and new seat will open
Could you address Chao's qualifications for transportation? Is it the 50 kg of cocaine found on her family's boat?
How did Garland's vote go? This is not about "Grouch", but instead about Mcconnell.
@mikiebarb Times have changed. 10 yrs ago, the Senate held hearings and voted on Supreme Court noms.  What is your point?
@dbernstein M. E. R. R. I. C. K.   G. A. R. L. A. N. D.
we know who you are talking about!
Why do you demand courtesy when you do not give it? When will you meet with constituents? Also, thank you for showing humor.
I use the brain I developed in public school for my check and own my mistakes. You're one of them. Will rectify in future.
different court different times.  Lessons learned from #Republicans will not be forgotten.  Sorry 4 U #resist
I imagine it will be again an easy job to get his approval!!
@woodruffbets No Garland No Grouch.
@mikiebarb Judge Grouch
How about reality check? Wasn't this also the case for Garland?
Where is your EVIDENCE the Russia helped him? Stop being a media parrot and do some damn research.
Merrick Garland approved by 3/4 of the Senate.  Should have had what you always want for republican nominees..up or down vote.
10 years ago SCOTUS nominees got hearings unlike Merrick Garland.  Jerk.
Woo, "hate" remember the administration ran a campaign on that word. Love trumps hate was & is the reply. You're getting closer
Merrick Garland
That's hilarious, Senator.
But that's not the supreme court and there is already an appointment waiting to be seated.
I hate what your party and trump are doing. Can we have a live in-person town hall in Texas to discuss? #TexasTownHall
can you tell me on what specifically. If you can tell me then perhaps no town hall necessary.
I HAVE! I have called, written and tweeted REPEATEDLY. Don't you think it would be nice of him to answer?
Your computer is trying to tell you something. Bless your heart.
Freudian spell check.
You tweeted that almost 2 hours ago and are just now figuring that out? 
Maybe the man has other things on his plate other than slavishly tweeting all day
He doesn't appear to have other things on his plate. A look at his timeline will show you he's tweeting all am
Assuming he is the only one that has access to that account. FTFY
ironic huh? He's pandering to the left to take over the party
LOL.
