@POTUS admin is under investigation for possible COLLUSION w RUSSIA. Why does he get to make a LIFETIME SCOTUS app @JohnCornyn?
You want Russian collusion? Here ya go! https://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/04/24/us/cash-flowed-to-clinton-foundation-as-russians-pressed-for-control-of-uranium-company.html …
She didn't COLLUDE w RUSSIA 2 infl our election. Does it makes u feel better to keep talking abt her?
There is ZERO evidence that any votes were affected! What about Obama interfering in Israeli election?
the admin is under investigation for COLLUSION w a Foreign ADVERSARY.
NO! There is a whistleblower that said Obama was spying on Trump & picked up the Russians. Google it!
you're the only one talking about whistleblowers & Obama & Israel. Peace out. 
Well at least you didn't call me names! Pretty sad that your avatar is our beloved flag upside down 
shut up john! Stop showing how ignorant you are! Vote this guy out of office! We MUST open our eyes to traitors!
No dodging, just a big, fat NYET on Gorsuch!
You're anti-Trump and we font care what you think!
.@JohnCornyn @SenMajLeader @OrrinHatch @dcexaminer Where is Merrick Garland's up or down vote, Mr. Cornhole?
Dodging, Senator? Do you really think a Sen. who is afraid to have a town hall should tweet about dodging things?
How is anyone supposed take @GOP seriously when you enable a kleptocratic traitor? #NoBanNoWall
Can we call the way you treated #MerrickGarland a "pre-filibuster"? "Not allowed to come up for a vote" is a bit of a mouthful..
no questions, boycott till we know if we have a legit govt.- #frozentrucker
You are definitely bi-polar, no offense to anyone else who suffers from it.
I am a dem, I live in Texas you work for me and other North Texans! Stop whining and work!
like you did on De Vos
there's the whole "impeachment year" question
your party filibustered their nomination under Obama. Turnabout is fair play, but your party wants to go nuclear? WTF?
Merrick Garland. Do your job. Listen to constituents.
The Biden Rule says no SCOTUS appointments in an election year. Google it
all the while, you are dodging your constituents and the Russian ties.
Like u dodged Merrick Garland? Seriously John, do u own a mirror..u need to look in it.
No, he's just following the "Biden Rule" as in VP Joe Biden https://mobile.nytimes.com/2016/02/23/us/politics/joe-biden-argued-for-delaying-supreme-court-picks-in-1992.amp.html …
as opposed to republicans completely dodging having hearings on Garland.
attacking dems worked in the past. I get it. But now you sound like a sad old dude in your recliner. Be a leader.
Meanwhile, Republicans dodge constituents by avoiding Town Halls.
just like the Whitehouse is dodging questions on Manafort, Stone, Assange, Wiki-Leaks, Russia, and the list goes on
GOP plays block than points fingers when it happens to them .10 million in dark money backing Gorsuch  why?
Sorta reminds me of the Republicans and Merrick Garland.  You could have made a difference there.
, like you dodge your constituents? #townhall
Once again, you can only share articles from the "Washington Examiner". Pitiful
no sympathy here based on the way a respectable and qualified Obama nominee was treated.
President under FBI investigation shouldn't be allowed to choose SCOTUS
Did President Kushner ask you to tweet that? Just wondering. #MerrickGarland
Gorsuch dodged questions at his hearing. And that's who really needs to answer questions. We are still waiting.
Merrick Garland.
I hope you change the Senate rules. Come 2018, you will regret it. People are sick of @GOP defending Putin and Trump
too late to vote on scotus for this administration. Need to leave it for 46.
That is rich coming from you & the other Fartfull Dodgers in Congress. You are dodging your constituents. TOWN HALL!
like all the questions Gorsuch dodged during his confirmation hearing? You're just heel-to-scalp full of shit
There shouldn't be any vote until we figure out what in the hell is going on with Trump and Russia.
keep on pounding this SC angle. We're all going to continue to focus on Russia.
SPEAKING of dodging, why are you letting Comey dodge the question of why he discussed Clinton's investigation but not Trump's.
What about Merrick Garland?
we should not add a justice to the bench until we have fully investigated the Russian ties to this Administration. #NoGorsuch
meanwhile Republicans still haven't appointed a special prosecutor and select committee to investigate Russia.
GOP dodge Garland, healthcare reform, Russia investigation, constituents, and personal responsibility for 7 consecutive years.
Why did the Republicans dodge a hearing on the Garland nomination for the vacant seat?
John Cornyn dodges his own constituents... never holds a Town Hall
at least the Ds only dodged questions. Unlike the Rs that dodge doing their job. #MerrickGarland
- 45 under FBI & Congress'l investigation for potential TREASON. His agenda needs to pause until we determine if he's a traitor
Pres elected under questionable circumstances should not be appointing SC Justices & Garland should already be SCJ.
@stevenmazie Merrick Garland much?
Until the current administration's treasonous relationship with Russia is cleared up, nothing should be voted on.
As in the #DraftDodgerDonaldTrump?  @JohnCornyn @dcexaminer
. Garland
Let's clear up this whole Russia Thing before we get a new SCOTUS judge, shall we?
@gop dodges governing 2010-2017
Merrick Garland
#russiagate is most impt issue of our time. Get with it. Save the nation. BTW how's that healthcare workin' fer ya.
the only dodger I see is u&the GOP when Garland was nominated see how the tables have turned #Hypocrite #votehimout
How can you sleep at night? Your hypocrisy and gas lighting are maddening.  #MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland.  The Senate would not do their job and give the man a hearing.
another day of Russian sponsored Taliban killing American troops!
this just in: republicans shirk their legislative duties to tweet partisan garbage.
Hi John. Umm..who the fuck elected Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump to run our government? While you sit idly by?
I prefer a legislator who thinks it's more important to focus on our president being under federal investigation.
no wonder DC is a mess w/ democrats, gop conservatives, rhinos....nobody interested in governance
and repubs dodged a hearing for Garland
The hypocrisy of the GOP. Did you think we'd forget your treatment of #MerrickGarland ? He deserved a hearing.
I'm confused senator. Do you want bipartisanship or do you want divisiveness? You can't have both.
Republicans Dodge responsibility on looming Merrick Garland vote.
The Republican response to the Garland nomination was vile. Don't throw stones you glass house dweller. Build bridges.
GOP dodges questions on....well, everything. 

Let's start with #Trumprussia.
Trust me Texas WILL remember your lack of backbone!
Republicans dodged Merrick Garland for almost a year. I want to hear you explain that before you point fingers.
So, you just lost Cheney. Not looking good for the home team, John. Investigate Russia, INDEPENDENTLY, then vote .
Also, it takes some nerve to suggest Dems owe you anything. Remember Merrick Garland?
I'm so sick of your blame game. You don't listen, you don't engage, you're just a R robot. Did you ever have a moral compass?
No vote while 45 and crew are under investigation. You would have impeached a Dem pres w/same conflicts by now.
Oh, just stop it, Big John. Grow up. Face the music. All that. You don't know how to govern. Never have, never will.
takes one to know one
Don't dodge this ?, John. If a President is found guilty of treason, would his SCOTUS appointee remain on the bench?
#MerrickGarland
Their education eludes them they politics consumes them. Let me know how that works out for you Spiritually!
atleast they got to choose to dodge question #MerrickGarland #russia #lies #trumpcare #golftrips work for tx not gop
a @POTUS w/ admin under @FBI investigation should not have a #SCOTUS nominee approved.
quit hiding in the shitter on Twitter and come back to Texas for a #TownHall
Don't do it...VOTE NO
MERRICK GARLAND
Merrick GarlandYou dodged a hearing for him for 9 months!  Stop pointing ur finger sir-there's always 3 pointing back at you!
no vote until FBI investigation is complete! #russiagate #Complicit
This hearing and vote on confirmation should not be happening. #RUSSIA
By any chance did you read my tweet?
