was that before or after you sold his isp to the internet companies?
I don't recall being asked about my browser history being sold. Seems to me I actually own that Isn't that stealing? Isn't privacy a right?
Yes.  Lets focus on Podesta's lack of computer prowess and not on the RUSSIAN GOVERNMENT HACKING OUR ELECTION.  Priorities John.
Yes he was hacked and the hackers planted incriminating data into his account
You were at the hearings.  You now know that Putin hackers planted the Podesta emails.  STOP with your partial disinformation
And Dr Rid said that  Real news is from NYTimes and Washington post not RUS RT NEWS
Your hypocrisy is staggering and your partisanship is nauseating, cannot wait we Texans vote you out of the Senate - ur questions were elem.
What about Trump and team's unsecured phones and dinner table war plans at Mar a Lago? Probably unsecured so he has direct line to Putin.
Sadly, you are missing the point
A good hacker can breach any account. Russia seems to be doing a pretty good job not only here but in other countries too! Let's not rehash.
What is the purpose of this tweet?
It's another way of blaming Podesta/Democrats for Russian interference. Someone apparently hasn't watched any intel hearings?
Like your president's Android? Thanks for selling constituents info. Thanks for not letting us see DJT's taxes. Just thanks John
@TXDemocrat @tedcruz Why are we leaving Ted out?
If Trump and Russia weren't manipulating the election, he wouldn't have been hacked.
I'm sure the RNC was breached also, Russia's just holding what they have on you all as blackmail. Only way to explain your party's actions.
Is that why you voted to sell people's information? Traitor
Blame the victim. You are over your head here, Senator.
Blame the victim?
These Dems ARE to blame. U forgot Hillary sold all that uranium & O sent Billions to Iran!  Investigate that.
No it just would've taken them longer. This smells like #blamingthevictim to me. Wish you'd take more interest in #TrumpRussiaCollusion
These victims (Dems) ARE to blame. U forgot Hillary sold all that uranium & O sent Billions to Iran!  Investigate that.
And your talking about this old news why? Go do your job!
They hacked the RNC too - remember?
unlike your vote to let our personal info to be sold. When are you going to stand with your constituents?
John can't stand w/ his constituents. That would take integrity. He can't hold town hall mtg. That would require facing people w/ integrity.
John, have you noticed the common denominator in your constituents' replies? No? Then read them again. These are folks that vote.
If someone wants something bad enough they can get it. For example, they could 'donate' a buncha money to your campaign & you get it 4 them
how about that Mike Pence...is that how his email got hacked??
But could AT&T sell info taken from the contents of said email?
What does that have to do with your support of Russia? You're a do nothing hypocritical shill for the #PartyOfHate #townhall
You are just distracting from the Flynn story. It's not working.
if I leave my front door unlocked, is it ok for people to steal my stuff?
if you are going to represent Texas please don't minimize the Russian interference with our democratic procress
So ur blaming the victim not the Russians who did it. Interesting
If John Cornyn gave a damn about his constituents, he wouldn't vote like a paid servant. TRAITOR!
With respect Senator you voted to revoke privacy rights. You can be BOUGHT!  SHAKING OUR HEAD. AMERICA FIRST.
this is a smoke screen to distract from the major issue at hand. Taking one from the President's playbook?
Bless ur heart Senator
You mean, the Dems could have done a better job of not confirming to the world know what cheating scum they are???
middle-school students could have told you that. What a waste of time! #Russia #Hacking
Blame the victim.  If that woman had dressed differently she would not have been raped.  If Podesta...
blaming the victim?
You made out like a BANDIT voting to sell citizens browsing history.  RNC hacked too, reveal to come. Get ready to backtrack.
And if my aunt had balls, she'd be my uncle..what is your point?
The GoP wasn't hacked because they weren't a target. Let that sink in.
OMG, who is running your twitter?  Blame the victim...ignore Russian interference and possible collusion with trump campaign SAD
And if you believe you're not able to be hacked, think again. You are a Trump bootlicking dog.
Reminds me, when do we see every single family member of yours service provider history-browser, email, ftp, tor, all,of it?
There will be a whole lotta hacking going on John since you sold us out
@JohnCornyn hackers can get anything nowadays. #internetlife
True, you just opened the floodgates for ISP's to sell our info to essentially anyone. Ppl are crowdsourcing to buy Congress'.
Cute quip. Thanks for letting ISPs sell my personal data and browsing history.
Victim blaming? 
If she just hadn't dress slutty...
If they just had locked their doors...
If they just hadn't elected a clown...
John there's a saying you should practice. Keep your mouth shut and only be thought a fool. Or, open it and remove all doubt.
Victim blaming. Classy.
Why are so obsessed?  You asking the wrong questions. The real issues is that Russia paid hackers. Yes better security. Collusion RU guilty2
I'm guessing *you* didn't even know what two-factor ID was before the Pedestal hack.
Are you victim blaming?
And if Russia hadn't meddled in our election we'd have a REAL President
so we throw stones at the victim of the crime instead of what happened?!
It'll be great to see your browser history!!
And if Trump wasn't in league with the Russians, we never would have heard about this.
When are you going to support your country over your fake gods=Trump/ Putin. Stop blaming the victim but rather the criminals. Town hall PLS
And if @JohnCornyn had integrity, he would not be trumps fluffer.
Playing the victim blame game only further alienates your constituents. Stand up, be a hero not a political hack- #TrumpRussia
If someone doesn't have a deadlock on their door, it doesn't excuse burglary. Or encouraging someone to burgle.
Wrong !!!
If a person has an email account they likely have received plishing emails from scammers. Most 8 yr. olds do not open or give up password, .
really? that's a quote you want to tweet?  consider: if cornyn had held townhalls & listened, the constituents would not have voted him out.
Yes, spear phishing is the technique, they use to get into big systems, a form of social engineering with a click.
Aw, it's cute how you pretend to know anything about technology. It's like watching a pigeon play chess.
If the Russians weren't trying to influence our electoral process it wouldn't have been hacked either. @HillaryClinton @nytimes
Not provable. If YOU had concern for children, you wouldn't've voted for DeVos. If YOU cared about privacy, you'd've voted to protect us.
& how do you explain that @marcorubio was also targeted? His sabotage also part of the DNC's lack of tech security?
That is a cover they never wanted his info!
Thanks to your party, pretty soon we wont need hackers to see what you and your bros have been up to on the internet. I'm bringing popcorn!
Seriously, who cares? Why so silent about the #TrumpRussia investigation? "NOTHING TO SEE HERE PEOPLE, HERE'S A DISTRACTION"
so what?
bait and switch isn't gonna work. We won't forget where you stood. What you DIDN'T stand for.
So, are you trying to place blame, or do you even care that a foreign government targeted our election?
Bless you cold heart.
had Podesta had any intelligence, wouldnt have been hacked
Also, he shouldn't wear such short skirts or drink with strangers.
Specious argument meant to deflect responsibility from #Trumps collusion?
What do you say about the RNC etc getting hacked but not released yet?
Any intelligent person should have 2 factor auth on important accounts. DUH!!
So it's not the "Russian" hackers fault?
Please pass a law that requires all high level government employees to use two factor authentication on email.
You're right. This is clearly his fault.
Ah yes, the old blame the victim gambit. Should work wonders.
Your browsing history should be a public record now. Please send it. Everyone knows, especially Republicans, that privacy is so 20th Cent.
even better would be discovering you are complicit and are indicted! #Trumprussia #russigate #SenateIntelligenceCommittee
well in that case that justifies everything and makes it acceptable! Thanks for revoking privacy rights wrt ISPs, patriot.
If the tech guy he asked hadn't typed "legitimate" instead of "illegitimate" it wouldn't have happened either. Why are you crowing about it?
Wrong. Ask Mandia. Two-factor is accessed daily. WHY are you not more concerned w/the content & PROOF her corruption and lies (THE TRUTH)?
It was NOT hacked. He is just ignorant.
If she wasn't wearing such a tight dress he wouldn't have raped her. Awesome victim blaming logic Senator! What a great mind. 
Exactly their thought process
So it's not the hackers fault???
And Pence used AOL. Stop laying blame on Americans and focus on the hackers, maybe?
That's nice.
"How much are my #Rosneft shares worth" - @JohnCornyn #MySenatorsSearchHistory
Following the hearing thanks for the ??'s
So what?
. Remember how you voted to allow everyone's browsing history to be sold? Hold onto your hat! 
Ask him how much he got paid for his vote. He made out quite well.
I'm sure he did. Hope he doesn't have any sordid google searches out there 
