Do you really think that people just automatically believe you anymore? You just lie about everything. What a waste of time. #FlubberButt
The Democrats do not want to be part of KILLING 1000's, &lining the pockets of all your buds. You're a promise breaker&liar #dontcutmedicare
They weren't invited you myopic, lying tool. They're also doing something Rs refuse to. LISTENING TO THE PEOPLE.
Trying to figure out more tax cuts for your buddy's?
Let's do this!
Why not fix the AHCA...seems to me youll get support from those Dems u criticize so much, its makes me sick to the stomach wit that nonsense
U know wat DJT, when things get tough for your Admin, God sends somebody /something to help U as many Americans' well being is in yr hands
You and The GOP don't care about People, s Health only about TAX CUTS for the Top 1% SAD
To the nineteenth century?
Why does Trump never comment or condemn attacks against Muslims?
 @realDonaldTrump
Because he's not fake and doesn't care about being POLITICALLY CORRECT!
Muslims are provoking violence, not preventing it.
PAYBACKS A BITCH!
Do you even try to listen to the people who ACA has saved?  We are here and you are not listening.  GOP bill is a literal killer.
If they passed your bill most would be out of a job next term, what does that say about your ability to... well... do anything correct
Because the DEMOCRATS HAVE HEART NOT TO TAKE AWAY HEALTH CARE. 
UNLIKE @HouseGOP WORKING HARD TO TAKE IT AWAY ..
and doing shit but trying to hurt Americans.  Why are you in such a hurry to gut the ACA? Because a Black POTUS helped to make it?
Adorable as always
yes, legislators should definitely vote for bills they don't like
That's what happened with Obamacare
You need to work with them not against them
I certainly hope so! You are the leader, that's why we elected you.
What happens when Russian influence of a US election trumps the popular vote & the will of the people?#PeoplesFilibuster #AlwaysResist
.@realDonaldTrump 3 Years, 6 Months, 23 Days, 18 Hours, 37 Minutes, and 4 Seconds
Fake news
You the man donald.
You're DELUSIONAL Donald. The bill is a TURD. No sane person will help you and Mitch McConnell MURDER Americans.
GOOD OBAMA  CARE DESTROYED  BY THE REPUBLICANS FROM GREED.WORKING HARD TO KILL MANY PEOPLE.OBAMA GOT NO SUPPORT FROM REPUBLICANS ON ANYTHING
Sure Jan
It is a fact that GOP healthcare is really a tax cut for wealthy so thank god dems and some republicans have the decency to say no
Working hard to kill us all so you can add another dime to your pile. I can't believe how much I hate you.
If you had any balls you'd admit YOU NEVER HAD A PLAN FOR ANY OF THIS! You said your fix would be "EASY.." Yeah, right...We know you lied!
Other countries are laughing at us, electing you it has a president
Democrats obviously smarter.
#FakePOTUS
Working hard? Senate Trumpcare cuts more people off insurance from Medicaid/exchanges than House plan Trump called "mean."
Trump said he'd be the only Republican not to cut Medicaid. Trump-McConnell #BetterCare monstrosity would cut nearly $800B from it. 45 lied.
Why doesn't Donald quit playing the populist and admit he's a typical Republican screwing over America for the conservative donor class?
Obamacare was 1st American attempt to catch up to rest of the world in providing health care. Trump making things better, or scapegoating?
Mitch McConnell won't even work with moderate Dems like Claire McCaskill & Joe Manchin. He might literally be allergic to compromise.
Kellyanne told ppl who lose HC to get a job. Tell that to my disabled breast cancer survivor mom who was a missionary & Army PTSD counselor.
That's cruel. These people can't even imagine what it's like to not be rich.
Even if you are fortunate enough to work hard and make money, in this setup you could go bankrupt covering a sick family member's bills.
Yeah, working hard on that taxcut for the rich!
Imagine how '09 was, dummy. ACA is workable...u/GOP sabotage w denial of necessary subsidies & FAKE NEWS. And ur legacy, aside from TREASON?
This bill will never see your desk Donald.
You are such a putz!
Someone needs to work because you spend the day on the crapper tweeting.
100-48=52
But there was a bipartisan bill...with one major flaw...it had a black guy's name on it. #tool
I didn't vote for you and I've been praying since January 20 that you will go back to NY posthaste.
Yet with the majority in the House and Senate, you still cannot pass the bill. So pathetic
Yes Mr President this Obstruction is Anti-American..time to Deport these Traitors??? Thanks a Million for All that your doing for us!
You know we habe CSPAN and watch the Congress debate and dems kept, and keep offering to be a part of the process. But GOP blocks
their true motive is to derail progress of repealing Obamacare.  Dems are evil & care nothing about America.
Or actually have the same opportunity as the GOP to debate, and amend as tgey did with ACA
#SICK&TIRED:  ALL PARTIES: To participate in all sessions, be a voice on critical Issues, achieve campaign promises? Where's democrats????
Sounds like karma!No GOP helped and Obama was still able to get it done, unlike you.
@DHogs13 They should work harder.They had years to prepare 4 REPEAL&REPLACE. Get on board already& bring it 2 a passingVOTE
McConnell, McCain, Rubio, Ryan and the established Repubs are obstructionists and we are mad as hell
Oh just shut up already ugh
You love keeping Obama name in your mouth just do your damn job and leave my president alone. My president is obama let see you do 8 years
trump
With ZERO Democrats to help, and a failed, expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy, the Republican Senators...
you know what's funny and also telling. all the millions of people who actually think you give a damn about them 
It is easy to be a Democrat just promise everything for free and pit people who disagree as bad people your being played.
Sweetie you hung fake covers of yourself in your golf clubs! WTF!?
You and Hollywood pals need to shut up and stay out of politics and quit shoving your agenda on the American people we are sick of it
Dems were locked out. So were all but 13 Reps. No women. America isn't buying what you're selling. This isn't a shoddy real estate deal.
Have you ever physically worked?
REpublinazis commited treason all legislation should be reversed.
Hey big d how long have you been this stupid...please don't project your stupidity on the rest of us
Chuck Schumer reach out to you today you can fix the ACA and be a hero if you go bipartisan
Dangerous???  Really???  All you want out of your bill is tax breaks for the rich.  We can see you.
Again, BULLSHIT. You've never worked hard at anything.
Now you have an idea of what President Obama put up with from some Republicans in his cabinet.  Just do the job better.
#Dems want 2 help @SenateMajLdr @senategop closes the door! Success is a team effort not 2 b 1sided when it affects all citizens! #nobrainer
The only thing failing and dangerous is you trump. Do the country a favor and resign.
Please open up the markets across state line
Working hard to screw working folks!  Down with the republican big business machine!!
Nice, God Speed Mr President
Bipartisan....no Democrats were included in the private meetings. Many Republicans don't support it either. You are not a dictator - yet!!
We see that President Trump, we see that you are trying your best to rid of of Hitlercare before the subsidies kick in, it's not your fault.
Why don't you invite Democrats to help fix the mess you and the Republicans created!?!?!
How would they be able to help since they have been completely shut out of the process?
Yup! Working Hard To Screw Us Over! And If You Trust Them Their Gonna Screw You Over! Repeal! Not Replace! Or Rand Paul's Plan Is Better!
POTUS 
You have the majority. Why do you need Democrats and Independents?
You're too sad.
All "BS" !
Too bad you can't just scrape Obamacare and go to the free market?
have u no common decency? Taking health insurance from the poor, giving tax reductions for the rich? What is wrong with u?
Imagine you having to work with a Democratic majority. It is hypothetical, but, just imagine.
It must be exhausting trying to screw millions of people at one time.
Liar! All of America knows Dems were not allowed to see bill. Anyone who believes this lie, is clueless to truth. Your not fit to lead us
You and the rest of GOP have never worked a day in your lives + ACA didn't fail, you #SleazyShitweazles sabotaged it. #LyingMutherfucker
Working hard to line the pockets of the rich and kill the poor.
Fix it whst is wrong with u oh wait u are a arrogant simple minded person
You should rather use the Republican Senator's to start building your wall.
You know what's a bigger wreck than Obama care? Your Presidency! You're a low life human waste!
Talk to McConnell.
Wq
Do you ever stop lying and blaming others for your major screw ups!  You want to stop caring for our most vunerable!  You r disgusting!
#resist trump doesn't care about the american people, he only cares about $$$$$
#AlternativeFacts Hard to help when it's written IN SECRET #Duh #LeavenworthBound #Dementia #PresidentBannon #PutinsCockHolster #Liar
#ITMFA
Can't believe he is so stupid as to believe that.
Hahahahahahahahaahahahahhhahahahahahahah...oh man this is great.
You forgot at doing NOTHING!
Just like 0 GOP members helped dems with the aca!  Would be GREAT if ALL politicians would quit posturing and actually start governing!!!!!
Working hard to hurt the poor an line their pockets
Fait attention au lobby
Trump acknowledges Dems didn't contribute to bill they were shut out of contributing to. Next up, Trump admits he knows nothing about bill.
Hey Trump your words #healthcare for all#lower cost for all#will not touch Medicaid#Big Fat Liar#all on video#liar
How about working on a bill that doesn't strip 22 million people's insurance, Mr. President?  Might have started by inviting Democrats, too.
Losers!
Gotta love the haters Mr. President!
Thank you for working for the people.
LIES!!! GOP wouldn't let Dems help write bill. They did it secretly cuz they knew it was .
I realize you are specially challenged but you have 52 Republicans to force through your abomination #TrumpDontCare #Math
Thank you!
Thank you! I can not afford the $500.00 insurance that is supposed to be so affordable under Obamacare.
I pay for health care,the poor and less fortune can"t when i was hungry you did not feed me, when I was in prison you did not see about me
So hard that most (all but 5) are not voting for it. Fake news sir, everything you say is fake news.
You do realize, don't you, that the GOP Senators working on the plan are doing so in secret, right? Dems have said they'd like input, but no
I know they are, keep up the good work!
Fuck!China no.1
If you only invited rep senators to discuss, how would you know no dems will help?? Reach out!
Working hard to screw the middle class, poor, elderly, and children. Fix Obamacare - don't trash it. Build on it.
And what about you? Working hard is not what you do.
You have an existing problem with your mental health better go check it out before Obama care is repealed or it won't be covered after that

How could the Dems help out with Killyoucare when the Party of No had secret meetings?
Working hard at screwing us over.
Republicans are soulless... they worship at the altar of GREED.....a DEADLY sin btw...
Dems are not going to help you kill Americans .,that is just a ridiculous statement.
Man you're really raw & stupid with everything you do.  I wonder if your base likes what you said about Mika. You don't belong in the WH.
Praying for your strength, continued boldness (Tweet on PLEASE) Thanking God everyday for you sir!
Tax cuts have no place in a healthcare bill.  Remove the tax cuts and GOP and DEMS could work together.
This is true. Zero Democrats will help Relublicans with their tax cut plan. Let's all remember that!
Let's not forget 13 of them drafted a bill in secret- expected a vote without debate, amendments, or public feedback. #thisisnotdemocracy
You shut the Democrats out on purpose. Now WORK WITH THEM. Democrats want to help you solve Obamacare so let them.
Republicans have shut Dems out or don't U pay attention 2 what is going on? Health committee not allowed to have hearings, unconscionable
Adam Best, seriously? Claire McCaskill a moderate!!! What world are you living in. She is about as liberal as Hillary Clinton!!!
if you care to be elected once more, let all people like you, and know you think for them not just for yourself
A work in progress to straighten out the imploding ACA will not accomplish what America requires if built on the crumbling ACA foundation...
your ability to unite instead of divide is jaw-dropping. #sarcasm #notacompliment
Republicans control House/Senate/White House and a 5-4 majority on the SC.  The great Donald can't get it passed even holding all the cards?
You suck as President! When is this nightmare is over?
I bet you are working hard.  
It's not easy to convince (even) Republicans your nocare health plan is a win.
Shake up the system, drain the swamp, no medicare/medicaid cuts, you know. like you promised

Shouldn't zero Dem support say something about your plan?
Let's see you do better!
It's only failed, expensive and dangerous because nobody wants to work together to fix it.
It won't be the Dems problem if the Republicans fail to act
They need to or you or them will not be there next term
Seriously,For starters come up with something actually better that your own party can agree on!
Only thing dangerous is you being in the WH, the ACA is 1 of the best things 4 the American ppl.R's wants  devastate the ppl!
Does that mean you would welcome help from the Democrats and an open review system?
Let's hope they determine it's more important for them to complete their jobs before vacation.
ZERO Democrats? Don't twist it asshole. GOP drafted their version behind close doors. No debate no welcomed input. You are the greatest LIAR
Your legacy will be that you lied to the American People about what they would have for insurance.
Maybe they should work smarter, not harder.
I just want a bill that actually helps people.  I couldn't care less about who wrote it.
Stop fighting like two over zealous middle school dodge ball teams.  
#americans #Republicans #Democrats #childish
Obama care dying let it go DEMS OWN IT!
Working hard to give more tax breaks to the wealthy and kill the rest of us? That hard work? #Deathcare
Idiot
Where's all that uniting and winning you promised . you got nothing and you have done nothing
What do you expect when it drops that many people off of Medcaid
You are a nincompoop!
Do you know what pre-existing conditions are? Are you aware what life-time caps mean?
Lying again..Republicans are lazy and self serving
Working hard to distance themselves from a bill that will mean their defeat, you mean?
You're a fraud, and the world laughs at your consistent idiocy.
And cancel your fundraiser at your hotel.  Its inappropriate during this time when nothing is getting accomplished.
Ryancare or Trumpcare is garbage. Tax breaks for the rich.
The Democrats should give back their salary, they're certainly not earning it.
