.@POTUS
@realDonaldTrump betcha ain't gonna grab her by the pussy.
no comment other than please remember that psychology & marketing are much more effective than torture at collecting useful intel.
Your the man POTUS.
Sorry the weak and misinformed spew stupidity and make themselves the laughing stock of society. Grow up kids.
you do realize hiring women doesn't make you not sexist... like saying I'm not racist I have black friends...
.@POTUS Yeah but what's this about?
.@POTUS Two men as "Women in the Workforce" advisers? Why?
Shut up. Things cant be fixed in a day. Give him some credit, he is making changes where he can.
Yeah. Changes for the worse.
oh im sorry, a woman leader in the cia is bad? Sexist.
One potentially positive act does not, by ANY means, compensate for the ways he's fucking the country over.
.@POTUS please don't tap her without consent, since you've admitted to doing that before
if you say that but support the Clintons, I'll call you a hypocrite
are they like a package? Support one Clinton now and you'll support the second for free?
she screwed another guy and had Hillary. It's no secret. Can't call Trump immoral, if you support the Clintons.
she had Hillary? What does that mean ?
I meant Chelsea
argument doesn't hold water when rape is involved, as Trump's previous wives & other women have reported
what about the women who reported what Bill was doing?
Is she a 2 or a 3, did you grab her pussy yet?
When you said families of terrorists have to be killed, you meant 8-year-old girls as well, right? https://www.theguardian.com/world/2017/feb/01/yemen-strike-eight-year-old-american-girl-killed-al-awlaki …
a lot of women voted for Trump.
yep women that like to be told how to think; what they can do with their bodies; and enjoy a good sexual assault. 
that's liberal lunacy when you think women like sexual assaults truly is a mental illness
they only like it when Conald is doing it.Is that your point?Good thing for you is you won't have to worry about it.
The instant your number of tweets in a day exceeds your aproval rating will be a beautiful irony. 1447D 17H 5M #Resist
Might be a good idea to change the wording. "tap" is not a good choice.
doing a great job Mr trump !
Hopefully she will stand for what's right
bad wording dude, bad wording!
By the way, you should go back and take care of the trolling I did to your Chief Ryan Owens tweet. I know how much you hate me. :)
Wrong.
That's actually neither what the headline, nor the article says. Stop making up crap, you Orange Troll.
You are far and away the largest threat our nation faces today.
NO, HILLARY &B.HUSSEIN OBAMA IS.
#27PercentPresident #PresidentBannon tabs torture prison operator as Deputy Director CIA.
@RebeccaL1955 DEMS/LIBS WILL ALSO FIGHT HER - THEY ARE ANTI WOMEN - DEM WAR ON WOMEN CONTINUES
First woman Deputy Director of the CIA was Avril Haines -- appointed by Obama.
tappin it
Didn't she double-down on torture?
You actually said "taps". Jesus what a dope.
ITS SAD.... my condolences to the Family.  But Dumb Trump bickers about the APPRENTICE. and Arnold Swazzernager  LOOSER
We thought you were going to pick Matthew McConaughey!

When I clicked on that link , it redirected me to what looked like a virus trying to install!! I shut it DOWN!
Did you clear that with #PresidentBannon
hahaha....  remember this? 
Maybe she missed it... President Trump! Could you hold Hillary up so she can see?
what part did you tap?
true woman power here. He's doing what he has al she said he would do. #EMPOWERWOMEN @KellyannePolls
Yashar Retweeted President Trump
This is false. First woman Deputy Director of the CIA was Avril Haines -- appointed by Obama.
that was established an hour ago.
I bet he tried to tap it. Was she married? Did he move on her like a b*tch? Did he grab her by the p*ssy?
show respect to our President!
he's a joke and a puppet, not a fucking president!
your language shows your low IQ, sorry for you.  Trump is the president, your candidate lost.
http://www.medicaldaily.com/dirty-mouth-may-be-sign-integrity-study-associates-swearing-increased-honesty-407640 …. @hollingswortham @tonyposnanski @POTUS
Trump is still the winner, not loser Hillary.
Not to mention what a loser you are... @hollingswortham @tonyposnanski @POTUS @medicaldaily
Funny, I feel like a winner since my candidate won.

HOPE SHE MAKES THE SAME WAGE AS A MAN IN THE. SAME POSITION THAT WOULD BE NEWS WORTHY
Every Pick you Make is Suspect to more than Half the Country! HOW MUCH DO YOU OWE RUSSIA! Taxes now!!!
Bush and Obama couldn't make nice with Russia. Refreshing to see someone that will
Maggie, Russia cyber attacked the USA. Too bad you don't see that as a threat. We shouldnt be nice to nstions that attack us
if that were true there would b actual evidence & action should have been more severe. Iran took hostages so there is that...
Not if she owned it
not if she owned it? That statement makes absolutely no sense. Think.
Melania owns Trump tower 
I don't care either way. Have a fun eight years !!! 
does she have what it takes when making hard decisions on the interest of national security issues??.
Wrong! That was already done by Obama. Yet another lie.
This does not make up for the white male cabinet.
Without her consent, no doubt.
and you are the holy profit , with no sins ever. go worship your Hollywood ideals and stay brain washed. sad
I certainly have sins! And, like Trump, I am grossly unqualified to be president.
and the fact you didnt get 306 Electoral votes. Sit back Eric, going to be 2020 before you know it- then repeat
Astonishing number of you people who think "getting enough electoral votes" is the same as "being qualified."
#Crosscheck op by Koch's KS guy #ChrisKobach purged thousands from WI, MI & PA critical states electorally. #votersuppression
Yep. An aging white male career politician who wants a Holy War is First. A female 30 veteran of the CIA is Second. Unfit misogynist.
wants a hybrid war. That's rich. Religions have been in holy war since the beginning IMG of religion you since.
What?!
fucking spell check. Nevermind. Hahaha
'Taps'  

Huh.

Is that really the phrase you want to use in conjunction with a known sexual predator
Just exactly what does Extreme Vetting look like. Does anyone know of any specifics or is it just rhetoric?
get a job at the airport and let us know. We need honest feedback
Do, you don't know..figures, neither does Trump!
we are redirecting  the bad dudes to Canada. The rest will be deported. If that's having gno clue then call me clueless
Ok, you are truly clueless and as a conservative, afraid of bad things that don't exist. Trump is playing you.
oh it exists I guess you haven't seen a lot of the videos on YouTube German migrants. Sweden. No go zones?
No go zones proven to not exist and vetting in these countries not good, as opposed to US vetting NOW, 2 yr vetting.
show me the proof that no go zones do not exist. If Vetting was so good why was previous admin setting up this 7 country list.
Wrong again.
An evil woman who loves torture.
Ahem you're the one talking about punching dead German national socialists.
you just keep tweeting this picture all the time, over and over. Lets be honest, trump used "Taps" as a joke,
they don't listen to what he says. They wait for CNN and communist leaders to give them their opinion.
it's like you though of a good line and could not wait for a relevant place to use it.
you just described all the Trump haters trying out for SNL
First woman?! Well now I've changed my mind. The Muslim ban is cool.
We should be banning Australians. Bad hombres down there with their shrimp on the Barbie and Outback Steakhouse
referencing yourself in the third person has to stop...
Trump is the movement and he was quoting. Learn from his words not CNN
Learn from his words? Right bc they're the best words...
stop watching fake news
this is the go too phrase 4 the idiocracy. 4 the record I don't watch "news" I read transcripts & watch live pressers
it's also easy to type when I don't care and the truth.
where are all the LEFTY's today?? Im guessing they are busy rethinking that sexist crap they have so desperately peddling
This is false. First woman Deputy Director of the CIA was Avril Haines -- appointed by Obama.
Avril Haines might disagree; appointed by...wait for it...OBAMA!!!!!!
LIES!  Avril Haynes
Thanks for using the phrase "Trump taps first woman"... it reminds us of how you view women.
as long as she dresses like a girl.
great choice sent certified letter to trump tower please read important. It's handwritten don't listen to the left they're evil
gosh, he's such a woman hater
I bet you thought it would be a different story when it said I tapped a woman!
PLEASE DONT PARTAKE IN GAME U R POTUS THEY DISRESPECT OUR FLAG & VETS & U R GOING? What does that say 2 them. It could be dangerous!!
you're lying
@WhiteHouse except she's not the first. Obama beat you to it with Avrill Haines. You LOSE again...
Why lie about something so silly? She's not the first
it's like you don't have the internet on your insecure Android. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Avril_Haines …
OMG, you are such a tool.  She's not.the first female DD of the CIA....Obama beat you to that. But facts are never your strong point
@WhiteHouse 
Plans to achieve a ruined enemy is only task at hand and not anything at all has been accomplished by are Ally's atempt
You could not even quote the article correctly
@frants81 but but but... he hates women. Oh so confused. 
They was wrong and still wrong and you was right and still right Mr President
Lies...Damn lies...And TRUMPIAN Lies...http://www.washingtontimes.com/news/2014/dec/18/avril-haines-picked-obama-deputy-cia-director-whit/ …
"Haspel is the second woman to ever hold the position." Second paragraph. Try reading.
1st crybaby, down right BULLY ever to become president.  Already perfecting the way to be a 1 term joke.
WHAT? you didn't grab her by the pussy?  You just tapped her?  LOL
@WhiteHouse Taps her where?  Front or back?  #pervert @realDonaldTrump @MELANIATRUMP
l
you mean the torture specialist that erased video of what she did- THAT ONE???
people hate you dude. You need to start being nicer. Stop with the crazy EO's it's making things worse for you and the country.
the second sentence in the article you linked contradicts your statement. Did you read it? Oh, that’s right- you don’t read.
I wonder how much money her family gave to the GOP?
you gotta be kidding me..!  Seriously?
two weeks in an undeserved office & people are already dead. WOMEN & CHILDREN. How do you live with yourself? http://www.nydailynews.com/news/politics/king-trump-people-needlessly-killed-military-raid-article-1.2962358 …
you're fact checked in the second sentence of the article you reference.
Is her link to torture the reason she's been picked? Isn't the fact she's female just irrelevant? More unreliable intel to be had?
WRONG. Avril Haines
.@POTUS The second paragraph, dude. You are so amazingly lazy.
A CIA Director who believes in #Torture, 2IC linked to #Torture, & a @POTUS who believes in #Torture. ICC on Speed Dial? #JustInCase
WOW! I am thankful! TJ Morris Reporter.
and you are still gravely unqualified and unprepared to be Commander In Chief
PLEASE reconsider your word choices - this is awful.
Incorrect. The first woman in this position was appointed by @POTUS44 in 2013.
how about you tap open a book on Black History?
Personally, I think Frederick Douglass is a better pick. He's being appreciated more and more, I notice.
You're wrong again.
that quote isn't even in the article
- Are you gonna grab HER by the pussy?
have you grabbed her by the pussy yet??
There is no man on earth more qualified to be President of the USA, who knows what she does at the CIA
it says right in the article she is the second. Why did you change the headline.....
@realDonaldTrump Read his book about his interrogation techniques in 'The Interrogator' as described by Hans Joachim Schraff.
I love everything you are doing.  Stand Strong!!
LIE
"Taps?" What is that supposed to mean? Back to your old ways already? Don't tell @FLOTUS
@WhiteHouse President Trump I'm an African American man, and i want you to know i love you, and everything you've done.Please M.A.G.A
This is false. First woman Deputy Director of the CIA was Avril Haines -- appointed by Obama.
This, really Trump-> http://occupydemocrats.com/2017/02/02/trump-just-removed-white-supremacist-groups-terror-watch-program/ … yeah youre determined to make a hateful nation, creep
she's the 2nd!
mr president, did you even read the article?

Yeah- not feeling any better. Also hope she brought her codpiece for protection.
@KellyannePolls As I expect w/any leader, hope @POTUS promoted her b/c she's qualified NOT b/c she is Female. #STOPAffirmitiveAction
Avril Haines dude. You should read some time. It might help ... might.
oh my bad - are you bragging about a runner up? What pageant do you think this is? SAD!
please,do not take a single immigrant from Australia. We owe them 0. Gov. Owes the people everything! Don't be backed into it.
Nope @POTUS Avril Haines
First he's seen today. Not a lie. Bam. Trump wins. Kill us all.
Trump taps first woman #alternativefacts He's been a pussy grabber for years! When you're a star they let you do anything, right?
President Bannon, are you ever going to let Donnie come out and play?!?
Modern presidents, mortal threats 2 their power
typically come from hostile forces inside  executive branch
did you just refer to yourself in the third person?  Maybe she will #ReleaseYourTaxes
<insert "tap" joke here>
政治正确哦
Great team with Pompeo. We are in good hands. 
Thanks POTUS!!

A PROUD DEPLORABLE!
please do not grab her by the pussy
sweet, the 1st #2!!
first woman, except for Avril Haynes.  So, not the first woman.
Donald fidelidad a la nación y vocación para este Trabajo .no a la traocion. Necesitamos protección para u.s.a...bendiciones
super inapprops use of words there.
lol
Have you fucked her yet?
Except she's the 2nd female to hold this position. You really do need to learn how to use google.
And I suppose that makes everything all better.
please let the moron that represents u , it's PDB, not PBT. Spicer ?
Dude. Are you even reading what you type?
second sentence literally says she is the second. Not the first. Read the story.
. @POTUS I thought you just grabbed them by the pussies.
will they add this woman's accomplishment into their speeches at these matches? Nope doesn't fit their agenda
WRONG!
#FridayFact

Unfortunately the pussy grabbing #illegitimate @potus has a different interpretation of #GoRedForWomen.
Trump...taps woman & still only gives her a 2. What a prick.
did she get the dress "feminine" memo?
like kellyanne Conway Shes now an enemy instead of a heroine to the feminist. left=hypocrits.
.@POTUS Taps is an apropos word for the pussy grabber.
Too bad she's not the first!!!
then who was @Avril Haines?? #IdiotTrump
better than grabbing her by the pussy.
this is what real women do!
In your world women will always only be second.
Err...?
Do you mean taps or grabs? Where did you tap her? The pussy?
did you even read the article you tweeted? Wth? This is false. First woman Deputy Director of the CIA was Avril Haines; Obama appt.
less than 25% of Anericans voted for your sorry self.
