if you guys are not going to show up in TX we're going to hold a town hall without you.
Please let me know when & where.
Police chiefs in TX have said anti-sanctuary laws will likely be dangerous. Give @ArtAcevedo a call. #SB4 #NoBanNoWallNoRaids 
how about judges.  Get real. Lightweight.
come on, you're smarter than this. "Many of the sheriffs who are skeptical don't work in sanctuary cities." Read b4 u share plz
: Note LAPD Chief Charlie Beck said: "Immigration is not the job of local law enforcement." The LAPD's stance for decades.(@KPCC)
did you read this article? they asked sheriffs of non sanctuary cities about how sanctuary cities work. seems valid.
Texans deserve better than this. If you're planning to run again, prepare for a fight.
This is not about Dem-Rep politics. Our neighbors were taken by ICE dropping kids off at school in ATX yesterday. #shameful
And what in the world will happen to their children? This is fucking inhuman.
And what do rural sheriffs know about urban law enforcement?
don't quote from Anschutz's rag that spoke to sheriffs in the northeast. Not exactly the same as the southwest at all sir.
: LAPD Chief Charlie Beck also said: "I depend on [undocumented immigrants] to support the department. . ." (No trust, no info.)
Sir you are an insult & embarrassment to Texas and everything America stands for. Another White Supremacist
We tire of your partisan BS and fear mongering.  You continue to disregard your constituents.
illegals don't report a lot of crimes against them since they fear deportation. Duh.
John, I'm over the partisan bs that you keep posting. We want to hear YOUR stance on the issues at hand.
I think his silence thunders his stance on issues.
@Anna_Giaritelli John,U remind me of a failing student.Instead of focusing on your grades & performance, you deflect
Stop! Stop this partisan divide and #DoYourJob and stop behaving so ignorantly. We want a #townHallNow #resist #wilcoindivisibl
"many of the sheriffs mentioned don't work in sanctuary cities" & "aren't aware". Did u read the article or just the headline?
Have a town hall so your constituents can show their dissaproval of u.  Because you are obviously Ignoring our calls
Hey John, citing an NGO advocacy group and saying that is factual.   NOT!   aka:  ignorance is bliss.
You've been tweeting criticism of Dems all day but still don't tell Texans what you're doing for us
"dismissed" - that's exactly the way your constituents feel. Soon we will have a chance to "dismiss" YOU
#AnswerThePhone
I do not want you to authorize BILLIONS of dollars of our tax money to fund an idiotic wall in the desert. #nowall
Just once speak your own mind not party propaganda pushed by Geobbels. #DoYourJob 4 Texas, #StopPresidentBannon
and I heard other sheriffs in opposition to SB4, so it's obvious you are only listening to one side.
Need town hall/explain-DeVos job/$ donations,ok to deregulate foreign oil? Mnuchen$,Kellyanne/Spicer lies 4 Trump
another distraction from RUSSIA.  do we really care what this guy thinks?  What does he know! nice uniform though.
answer the phone.
lawlessness is never good public policy
next time you need to see a doctor try sitting in the waiting room at Ben Taub with some of your constituents
where is the Republican plan to replace the ACA? Don't act like you care about Texans.
I'm with @SylvesterTurner and the rest of  proud Texans who want a end to this politics of hate and fear mongering
READ article.The Sheriffs aren't from so called sanctuary cities, so point of view, than the truth.almost #fakenews
Stop tweeting and listen to your constituents! All your  voicemails are full! DO YOUR JOB! #whyiresist #NotMyRepresentative
At least Canadian politicians hold town hall meetings with their people. Stop being so disconnected.
9 don't tell what they think, tell what they know. #factsmatter #ImmigrantsWelcome #RefugeesWelcome
The Sheriffs know what they're talking about. Cornyn, you are clueless.
4 take note, actual study, sources and all.
I  how this article is filled with people asserting that lack of data = confirmation of hypothesis.
1"On average, counties that did not comply with ICE requests experienced 35.5 fewer crimes per 10,000 people than those that did
dude, you need better sources. #ImmigrantsWelcome
don't even attempt to represent Texas any more do you? Just carry out President Brannon's bidding like his little minion
Thx John info enforces our TX views. As a 20 year TX LEO/Detective my informants were gang perps not Immigrants
Ur doing a great Job & we support u in Texas, these neg tweets R from peeps who do not have  beat of TX voters.
Local LE needs to concern themselves with crimes. Are they also to ask after tax filing status? That too is federal.
How very proud of yourself you must be Cornyn.
When are you going to face your voters back in Texas? Why are your town halls only in DC?
You're proud of this? Despicable, you should be ashamed of yourself. No way for a cop to act let alone the other guy
I worked LE in sanctuary city we did not get help unless ppl were signed up as informants 2 avoid prosecution.
Quoting a sheriff about forms undocumented victims can file in 2016, under Obama, is an insult to folks w/ brains.
- all municipalities should never ask crime VICTIMS about immigration status 2 not interfere w/ reporting.
tell trump to release his taxes and investigate Russia's influence in our elections
"Many of the sheriffs who are skeptical don't work in sanctuary cities." Jfc, at least try to be genuine here.
come back and talk to your constituents, it's time for a town hall
As a former Judge, you know this is not evidence. It is opinion only. Please seek the truth before a vote.
nice try, John. Texans aren't buying it. #TownHallNow
this would persuade me more if it included sheriffs like Acaveo of Houston who have actual knowledge
where's your evidence that#sanctuarycities are more dangerous? #lyingjohn
Instead of rounding up people, dividing families, why not shift blame on employers? Fine people who perpetuate prob?
How can sheriffs in NC w/out any experience in sanctuary cities have any clout for what happens in Texas?
HPD enforcing fed. laws is a waste of resources; they're understaffed. Hold town hall in Texas, we'll talk about it
You must face your constituents sooner or later. #supportstyranny
Where are y'all putting all of the detainees from raids in the last 72 hrs? Internment camps? #DismissedTalkingPoint
Town Hall Meeting now, sir. None of this fear-mongering is working.
and when is your town hall meeting for the people who vote in Texas??? You only  have time for big oil donors
