You need to learn the definition of patriotism. You're ungrateful for your position. Your decisions are supppsed to represent ppl not party
It is profoundly ungrateful for a quivering idiot of a senator to appreciate the first amendment and the tradition of peaceful protest
@Cornyn if Trump said jump he would say how high, paid mouthpiece
"It is profoundly ungrateful.... Not to demonstrate respect for 35% of the country." -- Any Non-racist American

You know who disrespects our flag the most of anyone in the country? @realDonaldTrump
Trump disrespects the constitution everyday & speaks out on Athletes but not kkk & this is okay with you?
Its profoundly disgraceful to do Putins bidding and steal an election. Trump a treasonous disgraceful traitor.
It's. Not. About. The. FLAG.
Yup... it's about racial minorities, and how the white majority becomes uncomfortable when they dare ask for equal treatment under the law.
exactly
I care nothing for your supercilious gabble.
Define “respect for the flag” please


It's profoundly disrespectful & uneducated for a pres. to call anybody "sons of bitch." When did u hear a pres. utter these words in public!
Seems like an apt statement.  That is unless you have an abiding, seething hate for this country and all it stands for.
Evil abounds when good men do nothing. We must highlight social inequality in ways that affect a positive outcome. Where is dissent OK?
So, he believes anyone waving confederate or Nazi flags should be fired, since that is EVEN MORE DISRESPECTFUL?
I think Americans should just stop BLEATING on about flags. It's pathetic meaningless symbolism at this point.  Actions speak louder .. #sad
It's profoundly ungrateful to take a persons right to protest oppression and injustice so personally. #GOPIsBadForPeople #Castro2020
How about respecting fellow Americans by not throwing them off healthcare coverage? Asking for a friend.
Cornyn salutes the confederate flag.
Ungrateful? That word @JohnCornyn  seems more apt when talking about a Senator (yes, you!) who takes 3 pension checks on top of his salary.
It's profoundly disrespectful for Cornyn & Cruz to refuse 2 have townhall meetings across Texas 4 Texans. Disgraceful obstructionists.
Worse yet: not caring more about people being killed due to racial fears than about what people do when a certain song plays.
Completely disgraceful 2 b more concerned bout a #TakeAKnee than the knee put on Freddie Grays bk & subsequent murder!
#BlackLivesMatter
The confederate flag literally represents trying to leave the United States, but that's better?
Actually it represents traitors & enemies of the United States.
another one who never complained about this violation of teh flag code

It's profoundly ungrateful not to demonstrate respect to your constituents as a senator
but entirely constitutional, something you claim to defend Senator
And is profoundly irresponsible as a senator to NOT know the meaning of the first amendment of the US Constitution. #shame
@JohnCornyn it is profoundly disgraceful to support a bill that will kick millions of health care and kill many with pre existing condtions.
It is profoundly American to choose to protest and for that right to protest (even in disrespect if the flag) to be respected!!!

Street corner packed. Cruz and Cornyn, you're in the neighborhood. Come talk to your constituents. #protectourcare 
And it profoundly ungrateful for a Senator to not respect his constituents.
"Grateful" is such a tone deaf way to insert yourself into this. Business as usual for Cornyn since trump took office
@JohnCornyn It's also treason to take 2 knees for Putin like the entire GOP does everyday.
What about confederate flags??
Cornyn continues to own racism
Warriors coach to Trump: Racism is more disrespectful to our flag than players kneeling http://hill.cm/8vnDJsj  
It is profoundly disrespectful not to honor the rights of people upon who's backs this country was built
Agreed, but many don't appreciate the sacrifices behind our flag. That flag represents our freedom.
Please ask Cronyn how he feels about POTUS subverting that flag by refusing to protect our elections from Russian interference
It's profound that an adult and representative of people is so profoundly ignorant of the issue.
How can you say that while you let Trump trample under foot of our constitution?
President does not respect minorities or women which is much much worse.  Nothing states you have to stand for the flag.
@JohnCornyn , in my view, the whole GOP is profoundly ungrateful and disrespectful of American institutions on a daily basis.
It is profoundly ungrateful and un American to not respect fellow Americans and make such simplistically disdainful comments as "J.C." did.
It takes while but y’all will catch up.
If you want to know how actual vets feel about players 1A rights, look up #TakeTheKnee Stop using our reputation for your weak arguments
Any comments on @realDonaldTrump advocating flag burning? Is that respect for the flag @JohnCornyn ?
Stand up and take a knee to vote him out!
If John Cronyn thinks he has any moral authority to preach, he's sadly mistaken. I'm grateful we CAN demonstrate like this.
It’s disturbing but certainly not surprising that Trump creates more controversy by putting his foot in his mouth. IdiotPres
And yet, it is within our 1st Amendment right to burn said flag....your point?
It's wonderful how the NFL, players, coaches, and owners now stand unified.    and they're unified against our Commander and Twit
What makes this country great are values of Liberty, Justice & Equality it's founded upon & RIGHTS guaranteed to us under The Constitution.
Bull. It's profoundly unAmerican to sit back and let minorities suffer injustice & institutional racism in this country.
@JohnCornyn but ok for trump to spew racist remarks and honor white nationalist. Party over Country is disrespectful
He is irrelevant.. make him go away, Chris.
As a veteran I respect the ideas and beliefs of our country, not those who wrap themselves in Old Glory to hide their actions
Yes. That's it. .
You 2 guys are near iconic caricatures of white privilege. 
This Tweet and retweet should go in the @smithsonian
The old, white, Republican belief that they have somehow given freedom to POC, and are owed something in return for their benevolence. FU
It is profoundly ungrateful to be more focused on serving your own interests, @POTUS, @GOP agenda than oath to God to defend Constitution.
It is profoundly disrespectful of @JohnCornyn to refuse to meet w constituents.  Shit happens.
People. John. PEOPLE. The flag is a symbol of our country. To disrespect the people of our country is ultimate disrespect for the flag.
It is profoundly ungrateful not to meet or listen to constituents Johnny boy. Ps- this thread.
Let’s jump right in...

US Flag Code: Chapter 10.176C…
It is profoundly shocking that a US Senator doesn't know about the 1st Amendmt rite to. protest.
There's only one side using the flag to divide the country, and that's our country's leadership. Disgraceful. Impeachable.
It is profoundly dumbfounding that a US Senator does not understand the basic concept of the Constitution that allows it to happen!!
@JohnCornyn It's NOT ABOUT THE FLAG.
@JohnCornyn It is much bigger disrespect to neglect your duty by shielding people who conspired with a foreign power.
He's a Republican, so pretty safe bet he's talking about either the Russian flag or the Nazi flag.
It's profoundly ungrateful to demonstrate a lack of respect for the constitution, disregard ethics, and spend all your time raising money.
And that very well may be, but many have died so they could.
No worries.  Texans want Cornyn and Cruz out.
Have a town hall meeting and address  issues that cause protests....police brutality. You are profoundly disrespectful.
Uh, John read the Flag Code. Kneeling not covered.
#GrahamCassidy
Avalere, a consulting firm, modeled Graham-Cassidy's cap on Medicaid over time. Look what it does to children and the disabled. SAVAGE. 
https://twitter.com/glendabas/status/911982262748663813 …
His usual assholery
Its profoundly disturbing that this guy is so out of touch as to not understand it is NOT ABOUT THE FLAG! Stop changing the subject!
You should tell that to the draft dodger in chief
@JohnCornyn News Flash...this is not a dictatorship Service members died so we could kneel before the flagDo your homework@FWhitfield
The flag loses its meaning when the country it represents allows police to murder its own citizens because of their race. #WakeUP
It's far worse to disrespect the Constitution. One's merely a symbol, the other one of our founding documents. #1stAmendment
Can someone explain how not standing for the anthem is disrespecting the flag?
John Cornyn served how many years in the military?
It is profoundly ungrateful to not know what the flag stands for.
This sums it up for me.
This whole thing is backwards. Using the Flag as your vehicle of voice is the epitome of reapect.It is PROFOUNDLY that important of an image
Yet, the GOP does it every frigging day by enabling Trump.  Go figure.
Translation- John Cronyn says black men should be grateful for everyday they don't get executed by overzealous cops
Such a profoundly simplistic anti-intellectual superficial understanding of the meaning of #democracy and its symbols.
Yes! And I'm at the talk! Crowd being respectful for the most part. :)
Good for you! I hope he gets pushback.
Respect the flag by speaking out against the POTUS who uses it to divide America.
These are the Rights people like my Father died to protect.
Why are they too ignorant to see what America stands for?
The Stars and Stripes flew proudly, at the Battle of Gettysburg, against the Stars and Bars...It was carried by the courageous troops who
fought across Europe, against the Nazi Blood Flag. It is the people who wave the Confederate Flag and the swastika who spit on our beloved
Star-Spangled Banner...not #TakeAKnee
He backs a man who Refused to serve his Country 5 times
who in 2011 said people have the Right to burn flag in protest
This is not N. Korea
#AsAVeteran I believe peacefully protesting ones gov to address grievances is EXACTLY how to demonstrate respect for our flag #TakeAKneeNFL
Taking to your knee is NOT disrespecting the flag, it's expressing a recognition and sadness that there isn't freedom and justice for all.
It's profoundly ungrateful to demonstrate disrespect for freedom of speech.
The “ungrateful” part of of this statement is exceeding revealing.
There's a festival for tribbing?
If only these detractors would find + hear CK's statement re taking a knee. How about trying to understand instead of knee-jerk condemnation
@JohnCornyn "It is profoundly ungrateful...not to demonstrate respect for the Constitution and freedom of speech." There, fixed it for you.
So where would a POTUS who refused to serve when called by arranging 5 deferments fall on @JohnCornyn Gratitude Scale?
It's profoundly unhuman to not care about black lives.
I think he's referring to a corporate flag  of some kind.
Oh I thought being able to express oneself freely was the fundamental respect
If the NFL could only respect the flag like they do in NASCAR!
I've been preaching this for years

Confederate flag represents an army that killed 300k US soldiers. Much more anti  than taking a knee.
Blind, unquestioning patriotism is beyond moronic 

#takingaknee #trump #TakeAKneeNFL #TakeTheKnee #takeAKneeAmerica
[ Picture of Trump at Republican debate being the only one not to hold hand over heart]
Yo @JohnCornyn - it’s worse to disrespect people, democracy & the constitution like your dear leader. Zip it!
Why is commentary from @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn necessary to repost?  You’re giving them a spotlight that will never be countered openly.
"It's profoundly ungrateful....not to demonstrate respect for the Constitution."-- GreigJR
It is profoundly stupid not to respect the Constitution and the right to free speech.
Hey senator, answer you phone. Your in box is full.
Yeah....you should be grateful we freed you and kind of sort of ended segregation. 
Could you ask @JohnCornyn for his thoughts about police shooting black people without consequence?
Ungrateful? Ungrateful? Sounds like the Massah of a plantation!
Tell John to read the third verse of the pledge.
No, it is disrespectful 4 republicans to respect a flag more than humans.
Sigh...
US Flag Code Chapter 10.176I

“The flag should never be used for advertising purposes in any manner whatsoever.”

…
Didn't see much respect for the American flag in Charlottesville with all the tiki torches and confederate flags on display.
Amen.
