Funny you only got on board with this idea after your NRA overlords told you it was OK.
That's not enough. Stand up to gun lobbies and NRA who won't compromise and who operate using fear tactics. Stop being afraid.
Once again you are failing your constiuents,American children and our country  We the People have had enough of the inaction on #GunControl
Total abdication. You railed against Obama and his unelected czars for enacting extra-legal policies. Now you're ASKING for them just to
Avoid actually having to be on the record for gun regulation. Gutless. Stand up and enact meaningful legislation. An ATD policy that can be
Unilaterally removed at any time isn't good enough. Do your job, Senator.
That means you John. Sit down and shut up!The states can handle it.
WHAT???????  I need proof!!  TX @JohnCornyn ???  NOOOOO :-)
A little slow on this aren't you? Stop embarrassing yourself and Texas. You could care less.
Military style weapons & ammo have NO business being owned by public. It doesn’tkeep us or first responders safe. Gun owners want change
Focus on ATF administrative solution, not legislation.  Dems will use any legislation to try to change 2nd amendment.
Why are you PUSHING FOR MORE GUN CONTROL. I cannot wait to get you OUT OF OFFICE!!!
Yep, ready for @DwayneStovall to take the reins from the #RINO Cornyn
I voted for Stovall last election... time to get behind him and get it DONE!
Were is the call for gun free zones to go away?
So this is what it took for grandpa John to wake up?
Do u feel any remorse for ur support of the gun laws & NRA?  Where is the party of personal responsibility when u are responsible for this?
Why your up the NRA' financial butt
Glad to hear it.
Good start.  Next repeal the Dickey Amendment so we can have a data driven discussion about gun violence.
They've already been reviewed in a real life situation. We're asking you to take the lead and ban these to protect the civilian population.
Thoughts and prayers for your review
Did @nra tell you it was ok to do this?? You'd better check with them first...
Senator review is not needed. There is no practical application for a bump stock other than to circumvent regulations around fire rate.
There's no practical reason to have buffets other than to over eat and contribute to obesity.
Agreed.  Never ever step inside a Golden Corral.  You get diabetes just walking thru the entrance.
#sensiblegunslaws
Why are you writing in third person? Is it because NRA wrote this ?
It took 58 deaths and 500+ related injuries within 9 minutes to get you to this point. And this is the boldest thing you could think to do?
How about Gun Free Zones review ? Gun free zones kill invite cowards to kill without protection.
A "review"?  Right. Get back to us when you are really going to do something.
Somewhere in that call will be the phrase "Obama's AFT" I bet.
You are truly a "johnny come lately". Gun control NOW!
How about co-sponsoring Senator Feinstein's bill to show that you are serious?
NRA already gave permission for “reviewing” bump stocks so you’re not exactly going out on a limb. Go back to 2013 legislation & start there
As a Texan I want these "accessories" banned. No high capacity magazines.
I think they got reviewed plenty already. They should be outlawed pronto.
This is the right thing to do, get so many guns off of the street!
How can you tweet with blood on your hands?
It is a start. I wish it didn't take a mass shooting for you to take action.
The only reason you're doing this is because the NRA told you to otherwise otherwise you would figure out how to spin it
NRA is going to I fund you John.
Danger = hazard * risk
Senator, a review is not sufficient.  You must act to protect the safety of all Texans.  Thank you.
You should be concerned about this too:
Secret docs show Kobach told Trump how to suppress votes. That's real goal of "election integrity" commission http://mojo.ly/2xlcFap 

59 reasons to ban bump stocks. @JohnCornyn has 27,750 reasons to only review bump stocks.
Gonna review springs and dowel rods also?
Cave in Cornyn.
Awwww Cornyn.....look at you....the NRA must have paid you to say this.
Wow! What a bold move!
My guess is that the NRA gave them permission and wrote the bill. Otherwise, the gop never would have had the courage.
Way to really get out there and take a stand, John. #sarcasm
What about making it difficult for the mentally ill to buy guns?
Thank you John!♡♡
While I'm sure you have dealt with all of the haters for years, a positive word can mean a lot. Thank you for wading through the hate. 
When are you going to review mentally ill people?
The very, very, very, very least you can do. #ForesightIs2020
You need to review more than the audiotape??!!
I got $20 that says you never heard of a bump stock until this week.

It takes 59 dead and 500+ wounded for you to  “think.”
Too bad so many are already out there. Should have renewed the assault rifle ban back in 2004 & bump stocks shouldn't ever have been legal.
NRA-PVF | NRA Endorses John Cornyn for U.S. Senate in Texas
That's fine, but what is Congress going to do to keep Texans safe from gun violence? #gunsense  #GUNviolence
How is it Congress' job to keep anyone safe from any kind violence?

#gunsense is nonsense
#guncontrol is tyranny
Review?  SRSLY?!  I think we're beyond reviewing. #BANthem
Too little too late to keep your seat. #RepealAndReplaceTheGOP
Cornyn should call for review of excess magazines and bump stocks. #Texas demands block.
Texas does not - you do. That's a distinct difference. 
That's great, but you could do more!
Prioritize the American people - not the money the NRA pays you. We deserve to live in safety and freedom. #gunlaws
Thank you, Senator.

Only if Hearing Protection Act is back on the table.  No one sided concessions Sen Cornyn. They take our 2a one bit each time.
Ugh. Silencers, really?!
I'm usually critical of you, but thank you for this. I'm glad you see balancing gun rights with gun control is important to us.
Same. Thank you
