No, focus attacks on the GOP establishment. That would be John Cornyn.
Americans want the president to stop the partisan politics end fighting and get tax reform, infrastructure, military, healthcare done
The enemy is the Republican Pty. Either join Trump or he will destroy RP.
Republicans are in control of government but don't know the first thing about running an efficient gov't. $b on HRC email, Benghazi invesgn.
GOP has used gov't to further political agenda but good governance is lacking under GOP.
umm...missing..
How about focusing on coming up with the best ideas to improve the country instead of scoring cheap shots?? #idiots 
You need to focus on helping POTUS pass his agenda. You are my senator and I will be watching how you help
If John Cornyn in any manner aligns himself with this White Supremacist Pig,then one must assume he eats from the same trough.
Cornyn loves the brainless wall idea
He is a complete dick...born of privilege..no concept of the "working class"
why do u listen to bannon @MSNBC @TxBlackDemocrat @indivisibletxjc

GOP:

33,000 gun deaths per year: no background checks!…
CDC/FBI show bckgrnd checks may not be helpful.
Most gun deaths are suicide, and most other deaths by gun are biggest in liberal cities.

POTUS should continue reaching out to moderate democrats. Can't rely on 52 member majority. He is not a politician THANK GOD!
We've had enough!! To you FRAT boys this a "f-ing" game. You don't live in the same world as WE THE PEOPLE. , #VOTEOUTINCUMBENTS
Wonder when hen are the GOP going to focus and do something positive for citizens as Trump is trying to do
Thune and Coryn.  Wake up
@JohnCornyn Tell McConnell stop helping Dimms in Alabama
Then get Tax Cuts Reform done
@newtgingrich 
#maga
What if you acted like a grown man & stopped encouraging attacks on anyone? 

You're supposed to represent everyone in the state.
Bannon has neutered the GOP. Fearing loss of their seat, the GOP will not cross Bannon. GOP holds party b4 country. Bannon's goal is chaos.
POTUS is a guy that can get the deal done. Remember, a good deal is good for ALL SIDES. As long as the middle-class gets a fair shake I'm In
Hey Cornyn, how about supporting and defending our President? If you, McCain et.al did this, this wouldn't be an issue!
#Cornyn's own words: [don't] "mistake a smile for support" imply: We GOTTA #PrimaryOutAllHillRINOs2018 & beyond!
#Cornyn & #McConnell 2020!
No, it's the Republicans that is opposing Trump agenda, Dems Just ride along watching GOP shoot it's self.
Thats the problem No one is focusing on the needs of the people. It is all about the ideology of the party & how to out maneuver Screwed Up
I don't want attacks from either side! I want action for the betterment of the ppl! Trump has over 62 M friends. We're behind him.
Sure, don't worry about improving the lives of Americans just play petty, partisan politics. Something the GOP are experts in.
They both can go F**K themselves. The GOP base can very clearly see that the GOP Congress is slow walking/sabotaging Trump's agenda.
Why these guys are all the same! Talk a lot and do literally nothing for the American people!
You people can't even get something done that you had 7 yrs to figure out
Aww, so cute how you think you can control the monster you help create, Dr. Frankencornyn.
Too bad u don't tell them to focus on solving USA's problems.
But it is CorkersFlakesSasses Grahams&McCains who EVERYDAY criticize the new GOP POTUS who won WH &both houses!How is DT supposed 2 react?
You're such a joke.
Bannon is having way too much from fucking up the R party. Leave him alone. Dems are loving it
That is one completely fouled up ways of looking at government. Attack? Why not work with? U useless abomination of a public servant.
How about encouraging people to not attack your colleagues on either side? Put your shit aside and get to work.
Dont want to upset super donors the Mercers Bannon boss and showdow president
It is as simple as implementing Trump agenda rather than theirs. After all, Trump was elected in spite of them.
Why should Bannon stand for certain principles when you don't, John? You kowtow to the big money and leave your principles behind . . .
Why concentrate on dems if you are the assholes john? #Resistance #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussia
Lol, oh John! You've sold your soul to back a lunatic traitorous prez & his hideous band of misogynists, ideologues, & nincompoops.
That's our #Cornynhole... hey John, you got some of Bannon's Sputnik on your face. Better get that looked at. Hard to wipe off collusion.
GOP controls both Houses and can't even repeal OCare... Can no longer blame Dems!!!
Maybe pols should focus on getting things done instead of attaching "the other side". Aren't we all Americans?
Or attacking, depending upon what my auto-correct chooses
John Cornyn won't hold public #Townhalls to listen to his constituents opinions, he can go FUCK HIMSELF along with his #GOP buddy's
Hey Senator and @GOP. Maybe if you actually did something to help this @POTUS or help the people you wouldn't be attacked by the prez and us
Attacks?  Seriously?  How about working together for the sake of our country?
RINO Cornyn if u want Trump to focus on the DIMS then Repubs need to get with Trump MAGA agenda! 63 million voters STILL WITH HIM NOT RINOS!
.@JohnCornyn Wishing and hoping is not going to work out well for the GOP. When you hooked your wagon to Trump what did you expect? #TXVoter
Why are you attacking, instead of leading. Where, oh where, are the Statemen?
Oh, honey Texas hasn't seen a statesman since the late great Ann Richards and Lloyd Bentsen. We're stuck with these spineless morons now.
Senator, could we please attack say cancer or child poverty instead of each other?
Well John and John you put the crazy man in the WH and knew Bannon was part of the package. Too late to whine about it now.
Haha don't feel a bit sorry for them. Bed.made.lie.
We the People have been listening & watching RINO's promise repealing Obamacare. You're the Senate Whip and you fail
Cornyn - the guy Who voted against hurricane Sandy aid? He's a jackass and Trump knows it. Repeal and replace cornyn!
Hey @JohnCornyn how does encouraging a bigot to attack dems help your constituents?
Perhaps they would if repubs would get behind Trumps agenda, just a thought
John you fool, have you learned nothing?  You need to work with the dems or continue to fail, your choice my friend.
@billpostmus @SenJohnThune @JohnCornyn @alweaver22 @dcexaminer How about focus on those not with the "people's" PROGRAM?
Hush John. Internecine warfare in the GOP is one of the best things that could happen to this poor tormented country.
Nrscc is spending $10 million in Alabama to defeat @MooreSenate , so maybe thune an co should shut it
@billpostmus @SenJohnThune @JohnCornyn @alweaver22 maybe he will when the GOP gets on our agenda
Sooo.. U wanted him out of the WH bc he & followers "don't speak for R party," but u want him 2 lob grenades on behalf of R party? Confused.
Maybe he and his pals might want to stop attacking our @POTUS
Why?  Political hacks need to go.
Democrats aren't the ones refusing to confirm Trump's nominees. Bannon is absolutely right about who to target
Some people would say, he's targeting the wrong Republicans though. At least the Dems can sit down for five hours with Trump & cut a deal.
Why?  How?  Propaganda?  definitely nothing constructive.
Sticking to your promises is tough for R's!
They are.  Dems that call themselves republicans.
He tried before you guys f%&k him in the ass!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
