@georgia_wells hmmm, i did have the urge to buy a *lot* of beets last year ...

So Mueller should be investigating @facebook & Mark Zukerberg for assisting the Russians in our election NOT  @POTUS! FB ads! @FoxNews
U sound like a Dem Russ Russ Russ people are still paying fines and high insurance rates, thanks to u'r 7yr lie. HC goes unprosecuted UR
Mr. Cornyn, stop trolling us. You're a senior senator. Get off your ass and investigate.
Nothing, because he is a coward & corrupt. He advocates the "weapons used for war" for the slaughtering of his own people. Russia please.
Muller will soon be prosecuting Bill & HC over the Russian uranium deal, correct I am sure you are woking on getting that done
Mr. Cornyn, thank you for sharing this, but what action do you plan to take?
No ad could make me vote for a Clinton or a Bush ever again! Accept reality she ran a lame campaign.
We overthrow governments and create regime change all over the world.
McCarthyism is alive and well in Washington, DC. Smoke & mirrors.
It's like that old Beatles song, "Oh I get by and elected with a little help from my Russian friends. And I'll try not to disappoint you."
Absolutely right! And they were geared to discredit @HillaryClinton. A shame that FB is where a majority of Americans receive their news.
Does a "Russian-backed ad" automatically make it false?  As if the US backed ads are anymore reliable.  Nobody believes you people anymore
It would have been nice if you paid attn to this a year ago, or when Trump explicitly told Russians to hack HRC
Ur attempt to distract from Russia involvement in pres elec? #yallcheated #americansdeservebetter
That’s why it’s essential that the committees investigating Russian  interference continue unimpeded

We're these pro Trump or pro Hillary ads?
For the president you backed.
And continue to back.
So the great Russian Hack was placing ads in public? Hillary lost because of Hillary.
I saw about that many lies from liberal left Democrats who never want citizens to be aware of their goals
Facebook sure didn’t turn there back on collecting money for the ads.
yes and what are your thoughts on the Russia-backed GOP?
So what? Not a problem if you have a mind of your own.
Worried about the Russian interference in our election yet?
Yes. And the GOP benefits from Russia's interference. Where does that leave you? We're watching & we vote.
what are you going to do about it.  posting on facebook means about as much as a moment of silence and "SENDNG THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS" to victims of mass shooting.  what are you going to do about it?
Do you intend to do anything about it? Weren't you elected to protect America?

Wow you are a hypocrite ... your party did nothing to stop @potus and you still protect him ...you are a sham
They bought your party the presidency.

And what is your response to this interference?
Why do you post this johnny boy?  You master Trump, won't like this....
Our election was influenced by a foreign government. Sharing an article isnt enough. What is your plan for preventing again
Given his own insecurities POTUS won’t act.  When is the Senate going to take meaningful action on this?  And no, retweets don’t count
It is hard to understand if you have a position here John.  Are you celebrating this, or are you concerned?
Trying to save your neck by doing the base minimum? #COMPLICIT #Hypocrite #ByeFelicia #turnTXblue #ImpeachTrump
There are literally over 323 MILLION people in the USA alone. 10 million users wouldn’t make a difference.
That sought to influence Americans for Tue benefit of you illegitimate president.
So about .03% just in the USA alone?
Okay, so do something for America and not for you
And these ads made me go vote for @POTUS? Because they didn't force me to go vote for HRC!
I have yet to see an ad???
They helped the GOP to win. You will do nothing, just like you do nothing about the NRA.
Who helped elect the divider in chief.
Wait... your position has always been Hillary, Hillary, Hillary. So you believe that your Fuhrer was installed by Russia or you don't?
Why aren’t you investigating FB& Twitter. This is only going to get worse
How slow are you? The fact that you are on the Intel committee and are this behind on Russian interference in our election is pathetic.
Either he is that stupid, or he’s hiding his involvement. Either way, he’s a 
F-Facebook!  It is nothing but voice of liberals full of links for hackers stealing credit info
Russia didn't get Trump elected, the fact that his opposition was Hillary Rodham Clinton got him elected
Saw your ads too.  What is the difference??

FB said the ads represented BOTH sides of the political spectrum. I don't form my opinions based on ads & I like to hear all sides  
They repped BOTH sides in that they came from the left to attack HRC. Got swing state Bernie Bros fired up & swayed their votes to Stein.

Coming around to reality? Now how about working on the rest of the GOP?
Are you actually admitting that Russia interfered with the election?!
W the heat over@gun control, all the sudden you are focused on Russia.  Barf.

Lead.  Take action.
Otherwise we can only assume you're complicit.
Hold a town hall.  Let's talk about this
has @realDonaldTrump conceded Russia tried to influence our election or is he still in DENIAL @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC
Yet Trump says it's all a hoax.
How many Soros propaganda ads did the public see?
https://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/text/52/30121 … care to actually follow the law?
And still that genius boss of yours with all the evidence, intel still says   did no wrong. Talks worse about Mayor of PR than of Vlad.SAD
Trump only won the electoral college by about 100,000 votes, right?  Of course he lost the popular election.
so what if they did? russia operated n our system sharing ideas. people n control of own minds. r gov recently legalized all out propoganda.
Yeah I do remember seeing a lot of Hillary adds now that you mention it.
If they targeted the right demographics in the right geographic areas they could have turned swing states. Counting on you to do something.
@JohnCornyn, when are you issuing your statements about these two events: President's tweets about Puerto Rico and your position on guns?
Senator, what are you doing about Russian interference in our elections? We cannot trust Facebook’s estimate.The number must be verified.
With the millions of fake users and brain damaged trolls this is a nothing burger
New FaceBook TOOL: Hand Shake A Russian.
You knew about those ads! Some of the GOP going to prison too.
That can sway many uninformed voters, doncha think? Added to the deadly email scandal...
VERIFY EVERY ACCOUNT ON FACEBOOK AND TWITTER! problem solved
