This picture is a riot!! How funnyAnd look how much fun they’re having....And for Halloween.... they were all set!
I don't agree with their politics but I think they r very good people. Great photo.
WHAT?? George Sr. -JFK's assassination, George Jr. - 9/11 "terrorist attacks" and Barbara Bush is Aleister Crowley's illegitimate daughter.
TRUTH FINALLY THANK YOU
No one cares - why don’t you grope someone instead? #davidcopperfield
It's time.

#TrumpResign or #25Trump
We miss the old @GOP. Please help us.
You'll be in prison by then!
Bushes having family fun.


@eaglesfanjoe_sr
1º PASSO SER SEMPRE PQ PEQ QUALIDADES !
nice that we can see where both your hands are @GeorgeHWBush - how many people have you felt up today, though? All in good humor, right? 
Your family has so much class God bless you

It looks like you never plan for your death, thinking you gonna live forever ?
Oh no ! The little girl not wearing her solar eclipse glasses. Hope she's fine.
Oh everybody are god an buddha s kids
Buddha is dead.
RT worthy!! 
WE MISS YOU BOTH PLEASE SAVE US
Some of the right despises Trump as well.
Your family has so much class
:)5

In 2024, the 100th anniversary of the US President George HW Bush, God grant you health and a long life in your life!!!
Cursed unto the fourth generation for your abominations. Tip
With entire family there w you to view!
Great picture, sir... you are sorely missed!!
Bush how's pop
Please Let us American People know you and your Family Is safe cause We are watching what Hurricane Harvey has done to TX  love you
مجرم
i love it. an adorable photo. i love you guys!
I LOVE YOU!!! GOD BLESS YOU!!! CAMELLIA ANDREEVA GENIUS OF THE WORLD
Looking forward to 2024 for the next family picture! Looking terrific!
He wants to die
I was 33 i started hear their voices
Please you should do right thing then you can hear their voice
I need rest
Can i take bath
My father hiding
I always hear my mom as buddha
He always don't want to do but he loves women too much
Watanabe is scared about her. And i met him. I thought he was worried about how people think about him and he was not strong and also weak
Watanabe likes it. They are mental ill
She always said to him that 私を愛して
I want to know how she rised  him
I maybe eve
Watanabe is adam
I forgot he was famous artist who dropped ear. They were my youngest brother an young sister
Rola and watanabe were always brother me that they said
They brought my soul
They said i was him and buddha and famous people
They can brought many ancestor soul. May catholic knew that because jesus came back to earth
Rola told me that i was マリリンモンロー
Can i smoke
They think that lie and hurmful is right to do
He want to repeat this
Watanabe brought people here to sing
I want to solve this as much faster i can
Mr. President. I am broken
That causes damage but not serious harm but not now
Mischief as bad behavior especially by children as watanabe
She may be a mother of him
Soul increase they can increase the ill
She lied
She came here again
They believe that increase the ill and lie are grateful
Couldn't you ask what is A L M 
She always talks easily
Allah may means soul and watanabe
They did think that people have sex with kid like 5 or 7 or 12years. Im sorry that i don't remember 5or 7. But they get energy for them
I read a book that said lam 5th was killed 50000
He may be chibetian lam
They did again
I want to find out
I have quran
They may speak their language
She came here an told him something
Something they have advantage
He always f with women. Why is that?
Couldn't you ask her why ske want to f him
He is still f women
He told many people have advantage to into me. I can do many things.
https://www.google.co.jp/search?q= 芸能人の子供時代
They seems into my body when i was kid


Many tv show stars are in my body. Some people are signin so my throat hurt
Couldn't you find that people have big eyes. My eyes wide is 4.5cm
They still my body.
Rola said that watanabe to kill my mom
They will go into to the people s body. They seems that they practiced their soul moving around.
I want you to find out how they grew up. And i don't want their sprit go to hell which is the soul stay at earth or universe
He is still my body
They want to stay in my body because they will be  recovery. He  did rape my mom. My friends did not care they slept with him.
They are mental ill
Rola and watanabe did it again
She is in my body.
I layed down on bed f 7years but she tried to sue me
Rola thinks that she is a queen. If she said something that people vote her.
Rola was on tv last day of japan. I did not watch it but she said that people me controled mind and body. I don't understand it.
Many kids became crazy but they don't care. Boys and girls were sold them. I saw many kids walking around city
I hate that rola told me that she won. She made my country as crazy as hell.
They always laugh because i cried. They told me that i was a woman. And tend to kill me
I lost my dad few years ago. I couldn't attended my funeral and they are laughing
No longer the two worst Presidents in history. Thanks to @realDonaldTrump
Z
Cool stuff
Checking my favorite family are you safe sir Shawn Thomas minnier -curran
Whats that spusta mean




Hmmm 
Daddy Bush how is your NWO going mate?
Tool looking like 2024 - u won't make!
How r those WMD going?
JFK is waiting 4 U KARMA 
Wonderful. In a quest to partake of something uplifting, I've been watching the documentary on you, "41".  You are a treasure
Mr President I just want you and your family that I miss you so much! I miss the quiet calm both Bush presidents brought to our Country.
No glasses on great granddaughter? Thank you and W. for standing up against hate and for American values. More Republicans have to speak out
God bless the Bush family!
Great to see you again
我孙笑川实名制操你妈
Go Bush Family! Love you all! Ronald and Deyaun Boudreaux
I Love the Bush family.
Love this photo!! Great American Family!!
I hope you'll still be here in 2024 my man
Who cares
Awww the little one is all no thanks don't want to participate.
I wonder why Laura's mother never seen w/family? Doesn't she welcome/invited ? Why there's no pic of Laura w/her mother do things together?
Very sad your family shows no support for POTUS.
How'd you get glasses, all the good ones were sold out everywhere?
Hahah did you see Trump speech? What a shame for USA !
Love!!
Nothing but respect for the patriarch and his clan. Don't look now but the Bushes have far surpassed the Kennedys in terms of family legacy.
2 presidents
1 vice president
2 governors
1 U.S. senator
1 U.S. representative
1 CIA director
1 UN envoy
3 U.S. ambassadors
Why are you all looking different directions? Lol
Awesome...!!!
Beautiful photo!
Jeb should be looking at 2020.
Jeb wasn't invited
Skull and Bones. Is that your real allegiance?
Can we stay with you guys?It looks like you guys are having fun!
Apparently, they have no use for anyone under the age of six...
See ya fellas in Crawford in 2024 !!
Woohoo !!
Look! Up in the sky. It's a bird, it's a plane,

It's SUPERTRUMP!!
 Thank you for sharing
While they're enjoying their eclipse, I'm anticipating some real sunshine for future generations.
Looking good boss! @GWBush
none of you guys looked up at the sun without your glasses!
Why is Captain Pike in this photo?
Thanks for remembering to wear your glasses mr president.
 this family!!
Miss you hope all is well
Is there anybody out there willing to help these kids?
Every $100 pays for a uniform and registration for 1 kid. Every penny is appreciated. Please donate and retweet. http://gofundme.com/leagueofhoops 
Awesome
