#ShowUsTheBill
How about you disclose and debate the bill openly if there's nothing to hide? Something of this importance deserves that. #seeyouin2018
How dare you treat our healthcare with such callousness - you will be voted out in 2020. You do not listen to anyone but the $$.
Is top secret because you cannot defend trump Care? Were you elected to keep secrets from Texans
Without hearings? You Hippocrates you blasted Obama despite 25 weeks of hearings, pathetic!
You owe it to us to let us see the bill before you take my healthcare away
Help the most Americans to the greatest degree by unleashing free enterprise!
#Bible #Constitution #Liberty #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Thanks for keeping us all in the dark.  There is no hope with you and Mitch at the helm.
Devils.
It had best be Single Payer government funded healthcare for ALL Americans such as civilized nations have.
As a Constituent I ask you vote NO on AHCA
No Obama or trumpcare! Repeal obamacare completely as promised! #UnitedForFreedom!
What's in it? Where are the hearings? How much will it cost? How many people will lose coverage because of you?
No more vacations do job. Taxes,healthcare,immigration. Work full time like rest of Americans
Where is the bill? Let's see it. If you are afraid that we'll hate it, then you probably have a reason to think that. It obviously sucks.
Great. Send me a copy now.
Please stand w/ @SenTedCruz,@RandPaul,@SenMikeLee,& @SenRonJohnson 4 #FullRepeal! No 2 AHCA! No more gov't overreach! #UnitedForFreedom!
If you truly want to fix this then what are you doing re: drugs and hospital costs?! Nothing but lining your pockets from them I'm betting

No economist, no actuary, no regulator, no doctor, no patient, no scientist, no public health commissioner. Not a single hearing. https://twitter.com/justinwolfers/status/877166188891189248 …
Hey Senator- a constituent here concerned about your inability to follow through on the transparency you preached. #ShowUsTheBill #ACA
Make sure all ducks are in a row fellas 
Dishonest politicians especially you sad for Texas and America
Yes, please! Let's get this done & move on to tax reform.
How about a little transparency prior to the vote? Just a thought. John. #hypocrite #DoYourJob #2020 #boybye
I'm a 25 yo UTDallas grad student w/ asthma. How will I afford health ins next year if you repeal ACA?? Represent Texans not just yourself.
You tweeted there would be transparency and "fulsome debate." This process ain't it.
This is NOT what democracy looks like.

Nothinv you can do with this draft that will even come close to what we were promised.Your job is on the line. #FullRepeal #UnitedForFreedom
Where's the f@&$ing bill??? And you all accuse Cuba of dictatorship. #ShowTheBill
DON'T SUPPORT THIS TERRIBLE AHCA BILL!
Vote NO. As a constituent, I'd like to see it before vote is taken.
Whats in the bill John?
It's about time! GOP's had 7 yrs to get it right! Ur voters expect u to get going on the Trump agenda! Tax reform too!!
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
And yet the @SenateGOP still haven't showed what's in the bill, what exactly are y'all hiding?
This is reckless endangerment of YOUR CONSTITUENTS, who you were elected to SERVE.
Before you share with those it effects?  Are y'all signing up for it????
Let us see the bill before it is voted on! You r elected by the people to represent the people.
I hear from McCain the goal for the senate bill is consensus to get a bill passed and not presenting a good bill for the America.
I am a Texas voter who will NOT vote for you again if you voye yes on the healthcare bill without a public hearing.
Repeal the regs & reverse the #AHCA waiver.
Oh good! This should be exciting! People love surprises when it comes to important things in their lives like access to life-saving services
Can we see the bill?
Show us the bill
So disappointed in the way you are working on this issue. :(
A vote on something no one has even seen? How can you do that in good faith to your constituents?
Without public hearings?! No bipartisanship? This is absurd!
Government should be by the people for the people -- no mention of 13 white guys in a room deciding alone about 1/6 of our economy.
GOP raged they only had 2 months 2 read OCare bill. McConnell will give entire Senate 10 hours on Trumpcare. The hypocrisy is disgusting.
When will this bill see the light of day? How long will the full Senate debate and be able to make amendments? GOP are acting like dictators
Y'all are acting like stereotypical evil villains. You aren't even hiding it anymore. Muhahahah, hand wringing, etc.
And how long will the Senate get to review and debate it? I'll wait right here for your answer.
And who thought angering constituents was good idea? Then go home to face them? Not you I hope.
You affect every single American with this bill, but will not open it up to public debate/scrutiny. Americans deserve better.
No one knows what the Republican house bill is cuz they're hiding it not good for America
What you are doing with this secret bill is shameful. You work for Texas, not the GOP. If it has to be secret, it likely isn't above-board
That is bullshit considering those of us who this bill actually affects doesn't even know what y'all are voting for!!
CBO/CAP: 2,516,300 Texans lose health insurance coverage in House AHCA bill. Is Senate bill any better?
Show us what atrocities you have in your bill.
Solid article about what John and the dirty bakers dozen are up to, as if affects American women.  http://www.marieclaire.com/politics/features/a27056/healthcare-bill-trump-authoritarian-regime/ …
Haha. The Senate majority whip read about the upcoming vote in the Wall Street Journal. Have you read any of the actual bill yet?
And when will we be able to see it? #ShowUsTheBill #hypocrisy
Hope it fits our capitalist culture & invites true competition btwn providers/vendors. Socialist HC is 2 costly & 2 bureaucratic.
That's awesome!! And we will remember how you screwed us all at the polls! You are no patriot! You are a fraud!
2010 from John Cronyn;
people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
Make sure it's perfect first. Evan if you have to stay into August. It's too important to rush so you can go on vacation.
We know GOPTP worked to increase cost and eliminate choice in34 redmapstates Now 24m age tax pre-ex gone maternity? Is this a quiet genocid?
Alec stooge...failing in all republicans states
But you won't allow anybody to see the Bill.  No hearings, debate or amendments.  This is NOT how a democratic republic works!  Hypocrite!!
I truly hope your version of GOD is forgiving of your sins. Purposely taking lives is a big sin.
Sen Corker: "I would have liked ... a more open process, have committee hearings, but that's not what we are doing."
The question as a senior senator is why Senator Cornyn?
Do ins. cos. have to cover pre-existing conds? Article doesn't say. No drafts released and no answer at @JohnCornyn ofc.

Nearly 60% of the recipients of Medicaid are KIDS. Republicans aren't "pro-life"
Your constituents want to know what's in the bill. We need a leader not a follower! 
Where is your town hall?

#AHCA 
#HoldTheFloor 
#Resist
So no hearings, no debate. This is totally unacceptable, and we both know you wouldn't be doing this if it were a bill you were proud of.
#ShowUsTheBill pls I'm from Texas I need my ACA .
#ShowUsTheBill Your hypocrisy knows no bounds.  Was terrible for Dems to reform healthcare in secret but ok for GOP.  28% approval rating...


Wouldn't it be nice if the American people could know about HC negotiations occurring behind closed doors at the WH? http://bit.ly/7b64YM
Hope you eat the poop you put out there mc Connell you old mean man
As your constituent, I require that you provide opportunities for significant debate in the Senate and town halls before any vote!
You're going to vote on a secret plan. Very un-democratic of you, comrade.
Vote for what?  Have can u vote on something so complicated that u haven't even seen. Very upsetting!
Your hypocrisy knows no bounds. When shoe was on the other foot you lost your mind. What you're doing is the definition of insanity.

Randy Bryce is running against @SpeakerRyan in 2018. He was genetically engineered from Bruce Springsteen songs. 
Your constituents want to see the bill. Why are you hiding it? We'll find out eventually, & you'll be held accountable then.
So the rumors are true. The bill is so bad you won't give it the light of day it deserves. Tax cuts for the rich, rob the poor of help.Shame
The GOP is ideologically blind. There is no concern abt health in this bill / process. Only politics and ideology.
What a bunch of cowards ... share the bill.
Show  us  the  bill 
The majority of your constituents are opposed to this. Vote no or admit you are a sellout. You will be replaced in the next election
#ShowUsTheBill
These two liars are currently doing EXACTLY what they lied about in 2010.

Indeed, @JohnCornyn is behind closed doors RIGHT…
Show. Us. The.  Bill.
horrible.
Nothing more than a vendetta against Obama. GOP does not give a damn about the people it represents. #hatefulbunch
Oh, so the person promising "fulsome debate" on this account the other day wasn't you? Or are you a dang hypocrite, sir? #ShowUsTheBill
So...what are you voting on?  Can we see the bill?
Release it for all to see or vote No on it John!
Will women and Ds be excluded then too?
Enjoy what's left of your career #outofajob2018
Enjoy the raise in prop taxes and Dr bills when people like me have to use the er for a reg Dr because I can't afford ins due 2 prexisting
Does it include any health care provisions?
You assured me that women in Senate would be included. Murkowski still hasn't seen it. Please explain yourself.
I have never been so disappointed with your actions - you were obstructionist during the last term and refuse to listen now.
You should make sure to note they may be planning their unemployment as well
#ShowUsTheBill
A secret plan, made by a bunch of men who are beholding to rich campaign donors and have been given their tax break orders.
Why are you linking to an article as if you have nothing to do with it? Distancing yourself already?
Quick Marty, set the Flux Capacitor to Jan 7th 2010 ... #HelloMcFly #MaximumHypocrisy @SenateMajLdr @SenToomey
Evil pure Evil ...u are accountable to the people u represent We don't want ur heartless tax cut for the Wealthiest.
Senate GOP is you too.  What are you voting on ?

The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
You must be very proud of the bill since you have spent so much time talking about its details and letting the American people see it
Voting on a bill created in secret by a panel of white men? This is what GOP has come to: Secrets, Scandal, Self-promotion, Shame. #NoAHCA
- What will you tweet when people who had ACA & lost coverage under AHCA begin to die? Ideological purity vs US lives??
Didn't the #ACA have 100 open hearings + 147 republican recommended amendments? Didn't the process take 1 year? YES.
- Did u read this? Makes GOP look heartless, opportunistic & dumb. Politically why would you support bill so unpopular?
Seems like a mirror image of 2012. We'll see it when you pass it and we're stuck with it? Lots of R's willing to lose their job, I guess.
Would it be possible to delay the vote until after the Merrick Garland hearings? Thanks.
Why would you need a news article to know when you are going to vote on a bill? Hmmm  #ShowUsTheBill
You are proud of this?
17% of Americans approve of this bill. You've chosen to represent who, exactly? Not me. Not other Texans. Our calls go unanswered. Shame.
With no review and debate? 1 week? Your staffer in your C TX office is a LIAR just like his boss.
Without any time for hearings or debate. Shameful miscarriage of the democratic process. #ShowUsTheBill
Show us the bill you sellout!!
There's a reason the left lost one thousand elected seats after Obamacare. #FullRepeal is what we want. Ram it through if you have to.
We haven't even see the bill! This is outrageous. You guys are disgustingly corrupt and dishonest.
Doesn't sound like you'll be back in Texas before the vote to discuss with your constituents. @SenTedCruz
Healthcare for some & a tax structure for the middle class to subsidize the wealthy. Ever hear of "blowback"?
Great! Since a vote is scheduled you should be able to tell us when everyone gets to know what is in the bill. When are hearings?

It's simply wrong for legislation that'll affect 100% of the American people to be negotiated behind closed doors - http://ow.ly/W9gq #hcr
That is unconscionable. You and your white male cabal devising your tax cut financing plan masquerading as a health plan are despicable.
Vote on what? The sheer irresponsibility from the GOP is staggering.
You know that Americans need medicine, surgery, therapy, vaccines, crutches, heart valves, tests. Why take that away from 23 million?
You spelled "deathcare but big tax breaks for the richest" wrong.  But, then again, you're not very bright.
Without public hearing and a CBO score your bill has zero credibility.
Cornyn 2010: people have right to know what's in HC bill.
Cornyn 2017: people don't need to know anything about HC bill. #Hypocrite
This monstrosity of a senator is actually posting this?  Shameless has no bounds these days.
If you're in Houston, join us at Cornyn's office today from 11:30-1.  5300 Memorial.  We're there every Tuesday
You and McConnell are snakes.
Disgusting attempts to pass legislation in secrecy will result in ur election loss n2020.Texans will remember ur voting record at the polls.
WE WANT TO SEE THE BILL!!
42 hearings of various types were held prior to ACA vote. This is your idea of democracy? Your idea of conservatism to reshape 1/6 economy?
You, sir, are a damn hypocrite! Show us the bill.  #AHCA #Deathcare #SaveACA
How can the GOP morally vote on a bill that impacts 1/6 of the economy without any transparency or town halls?!? #Unethical
A vote on what? Where's the bill?
WE WANT TO SEE IT FIRST!!!
When will you and the GOP hold hearings about the plan? #ShowUsTheBill
Well own the Health Kill vote Repugs.
On what exactly? Do you even have a bill? Wafts in it?
You either care about your constituents and their healthcare or tax cuts for rich people who majority you don't represent.
You are all hypocrites!
If the Senate GOP pushes this vote through, they - YOU - are doing a disservice to your constituency. Take the time to debate and review.
Likely - Lifetime Caps, Very High Premiums for Seniors and Preexisting Cond, higher prem for every1 else. Unlikely - bill is good for people
@SenTedCruz What YOU are doing is wrong!! Tax breaks for the wealthy to cut healthcare to all of your constituents. #ShowUsTheBill!!
A vote on a health care bill that NO ONE has publicly debated and isn't publicly available.  What are you afraid to let us see?
No discussion/debate, no review, no release to the public, no women working on it = the worst health care bill for the country.
Talk about ramming something through sight unseen. This is despicable and unRepublican.
And your answer as to how you will vote will be?
GOP = Group of Pavlov's

   MAGA (ding!)
   Anything named "American" (ding!)
   Fake news (ding!)
   Repeal and replace (ding!)
What are you voting on? This is not about healthcare-this is about making *hay* while you have a majority. #Hypocrisy
When does the American people get to see the text of the bill? When will the CBO score be released? I'm a TX constituent.
This is disgusting
With no time to for the American voters to see it. With no cbo score. With no debate. This doesn't sound like democracy to me.
Your level of hypocrisy is truly amazing
Why is Texas so opposed to Medicaid Expansion and want to cut the federal  Medicaid budget.  The Frew corrective action plan might explain.
Don't do this. People's literal lives are at stake. We deserve to know what's in this bill and the chance to discuss it with you. 76028
Without informing the American public? Vote 2020!
Voting on a bill the American people have yet to see and your colleagues have yet to provide input on. That's called authoritarianism sir.
Traitor
What is your explanation to Texans on this issue? The explanation should begin, "I, JohnCornyn, am breaking the deliberative process because
