So you're tweeting this while people are still under 10 feet of water?
Yes. He can multi task jackass
Name calling?
It’s what happens when Cornyn cronies try to defend their savior.
Really? So you can only think about one thing at a time? Let me guess. 100% of your thought process is focused on basing Trump et al.
So catching Chinese nationals sneaking into the country is low priority? Oh no, there is a storm. I better not spend 10 seconds retweeting.
Good point. It probably took him less than that since he doesn't read the articles he post. He just looks at the title.
There's epic devastation in Houston & you're tweeting this crap! Get yourself to Texas and show some REAL leadership. Enough already!
Build the wall. Chinese understand walls.
John Cornyn is a total jerk.
Seriously almost 50% of  your state population is in danger because of a Cat 4 do the right thing RESIGN and LEAVE the country.
Dang, even the tunnels aren't safe anymore.  That guy Trump really says why he means and means what he says!!!
Wait a minute ... you mean you could tunnel UNDER a wall? Holy $h!t. Who woulda thunk? Tunnels - wow. It's like a wall wouldn't do jack.
So a wall will do what?
Senator, We have a news media.  I ask you the question so what? What are you going to do about it?  Sick of the self promotion of twitter
@Anna_Giaritelli BUILD THE WALL!
we must build an underground Wall!
Like a tunnel to China! And then we'll wall it!
I thought you were brighter than Alberto Gonzales, but I guess not! Damnit, focus on Houston!
Build the wall. With a deep foundation.
That deep foundation is going to cost more money. The wall is a fallacy as pointed out by our dear senator
Criminals crossing the border also cost more money. Maybe they can live in your hometown.
I live in Houston. The people you call "criminals" are actually just Hispanic and are a vital to my community.
Criminals are many races. I don't do the race card. Thanks for assuming you know something about me.
So let's build a wall
Hmmm. Link cited in article. What could have caused this?
Keep up good work Border Patrol!
Could you please focus on Houston!
No! We need the wall to keep the flood waters out of Mexico
So, in your considered opinion armed with this knowledge, is there really any sense to funding a wall that everyone except POTUS, can avoid?
Great you found it. Close the tunnel. In this case, a wall would have done no good. Wall=boondoggle. The cost is not worth its benefits.
So the wall will stop this how?
So it's not just "Mexicans?"
oh we really need a wall
Enforce e-verify if you want to be taken seriously.
that's rich, lol. Lemme guess... your genius plan will be to make wall deeper and taller? 
Tell me again how the wall will help keep out undocumented immigrants?
We must have a border wall. We are being attacked and democrats have given our country away. Stand up and be counted.
#whataboutrussia?
1.6 billion investment from Texas on the border wall sounds like a great investment!
FOCUS ON TEXAS FOR ONCE
Well which is it a wall or rebuilding Houston. We may need those Chinese
And China's not sending their best...drug dealers, rapists, gang members, etc!
Good thing your POTUS wants to build a wall. Fall Johnny fail.
please enlighten me how a wall would prevent this...? 
No wall necessary.
Two words...disaster relief!
How would  a border wall  prevent this?
Focus!!!! @JohnCornyn 
@JoeNBC
Seems like multiple Russians have entered the GOP & have taken over the executive branch. Maybe focus on them.
You just invalidated any argument for a wall.
Fulfill your Constitutional duty! Protect our borders!
Chinese?? More people to racial profile. John Cornyn is too excited not to share.
And people thought I was lying when I pointed out who was crossing our southern borders!!
Ppl in Houston are stranded and dying. It's getting worse! Step up the help!
And a wall would do what to stop them?? Money should be spent on better technology to intercept. Wall is a waste of $$
How would the wall stop this?
A wall's worst enemy.
Dear Trump Haters, 
He is Pres of all the U. S. It's ok not all his tweets are about Houston. It's multitasking. He's doing fine down here.
John Cornyn ain't no president. We are pissed at Cornyn.
My tweet was in answer to the ones asking why Trump wasn't tweeting about Houston. Possible I misread.
Really?!?!  Harvey?!?!  You know nothing, John Cornyn.
!!!!
Isn't Houston under water?

Build that wall 
The stupid WALL
That's one long tunnel...
Right *now*....WHO CARES????
Don't think a wall would have helped.
John, please please please focus on HOUSTON. YOU HAVE A HARD TIME STAYING ON TASK!!!!!
Just make the wall higher.  That will keep people from tunneling in
We need to rebuild Houston Not a Wall. I wonder if those Chinese had actually made any of @IvankaTrump @realDonaldTrump clothes or shoes?
You are a sick human. You and your staff represent millions of people in severe crisis at this very second. I hope your staff is ashamed.
Guess a wall wouldn't have bothered them. Do you plan to approve millions for a wall that won't work?
What about.
In Feb '16, a Russian cyber official said they were developing a form of info warfare that would be comparable to the atomic bomb.
#ThePoint 
With people dying in Houston, a city in your State, this is the bullshit you choose to tweet about? Really?
Are Chinese something you guys are going to use to try to restrict freedoms now?
Hmmmm...why does the link to the CPB press release come up with this? Because, perhaps, it's non-existent? Do better, Senator. Please.
@JohnCornyn has been peddling @dcexaminer for awhile on his twitter feed.
Yes underground tunnel, not hop over a fence or a wall. That was CA thought you were TX.
That's what you have to talk about right now?

Maybe we need to build a wall to China?
Oh god.  First taco trucks now dim sum trucks.  What's this world coming to?
I can't even imagine why this is important when we're fighting for our lives in Houston.

#HoustonStrong
carrying stolen IP no doubt...
The wall money need to be spent rebuilding Texas period .
Hello!!!!!  Your state is drowning. Do you even care????
Just like Trump. Cornyn twiddles thumbs and tweets unimportant crap when people need real action and leadership. You embarrass Texas!!!
But a wall will stop this. Eye roll. Mr. Cornyn, get priorities straight. Stop hatemongering and get to work on the disaster in Texas!
Isn't there a big flood in Houston with millions in need you should be focused on?
Who fucking cares John?! We've got a major weather event going on in TX, BTW. Please focus on things that matter and not partisan politics.
WTH?
You missed the Russian Nationals stealing the Executive branch after sneaking into White House
Fake news!
Thank México for their offer to help. Be classy. Forget the wall. No use if there's a tunnel. Use $$ for TX coast.
I guess the wall is going to be so high and beautiful that they won't dig tunnels? BULLSH*T!
Fourth largest city in the country is under water... but first let me retweet an article from biased @dcexaminer
http://mashable.com/2017/08/28/houston-mayor-immigration-rescue-relief/#UXQIMYyacaqE ….     From Houston Mayor
Houston Mayor to immigrants - do not be afraid if you need help and if I need to I will represent you myself.
Wall + Tunnel = Futility
Wheres the damn wall!! Where theres a will
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
So tone deaf Johnny. Get some assets down to Southeast Texas and switch the ratio between volunteers and fed govt workers. Do your job.
A tiny bit of hope in you...but then...nope.
Shouldn't you be working on a meal line or bunking some #HurricaneHarvey refugees at your house instead of tweeting?
Shouldn't you be concerned about Houston?
Build that wall....I'm sure Mexico will pay for it. Oh how would a wall stop tunnels
Terrorists, illegals, slavers and dope smugglers STILL coming across our Southern Border. THIS  MUST STOP !!
Next Trump pardons El Chappa
The wall will help that... oh wait...
Propaganda
See how well your Dear Leader's vanity wall will work? #25thAmendmentNow
Thank you for pointing out why walls don't work. 
Beat me to it.
