When are ypu holding a town hall!  This time off is designed so you can meet with voters. I think you are chicken!! Do your job!!
You'll dont care what's going on in world, you just liberal slaves that do as told
yes, we're slaves because we want to meet with the person who reps us in DC. Terrible stupid people.
Liberals, get their brains out of retirement and use them,use energy on making America great again instead of acting like heathens on street
America is and has always been great you just bought into their hype. Fake news stories and hate!!
Just ignore her. She is obviously nothing but a troll. No interest in civil discourse.
I think it is funny that she called liberals stupid when they have placed Donald in charge.
Yes and the fact that she has a hard time with a coherent tweet.
Holy crap, trump stirred up n korea.  He is as crazy as kim.
Cornyn and his republican comrades all worship Putin. They all want to be rich. They sold us out. They are a #PartyOfLiars and #traitors
The @nytimes & @usnews both report that China states its trade w\North Korea has increased, despite the UN coal sanctions.
Then again, probably not!
You think?
#TrumpRussiaCollusion #TrumpTaxes #Trumpcare
Bruh they've been leaning. DT has nothing to do w it.
Cornyn you are pathetic in your allegiance to trumpy & the GOP agenda.This will be remembered by the constituents you think you represent.
Is that fact or rumor?
Xi told Kim "Trump is more batshit than YOU are! Knock it off before that asshole gets us all killed."
Consider thinking before tweeting: China is offering NK "protection." The notion of protecting Kim family rule is hardly a good thing.
My guess is : China sees what a disorganized shitshow our administration is and understands that they can take the lead in foreign affairs
Yes, let's applaud the inevitable destruction of Seoul, and the murder of 20 million people.
Stop trying to normalize Trump. He's winging it, and so far we've just been lucky.
Too early to tell
it is because of @POTUS
Your job is going to be on the line, demand to see his tax returns and set special investigations into Russian collusion.
If not Trump - then who - certainly not you and the US Congress #TX1
Even YOU are not buying what you were saying China must take a stronger role against NK because of .   World realizes he has no clue.
Please.... Trump is trigger happy now... he tends to bluster & bluff... needs to be wiser w/ our land,$$$ & families...
Let's not gloss over the nuclear threat Korea is to their neighbor Japan. Trump going wily nily for political points is wildly dangerous.
Do not promote corruption. In sure there is some under the table deal involved.
Seems legit to me... oh wait!  Nothing he has done to date has been honest or legit.  How much mo way is involved here?!
U guys are going to be sorry u let this man in the Oval office & soon!
Nah. But you'll surely continue to be butt hurt.
Mexico and NATO not paying, and taxpayers funding extravagant lifestyles in Mar-a-Lago. US is going to go bankrupt, like his companies.
What role are you playing in this disaster movie?
He meant to say, "China assumes greater world leadership role to prevent a nuclear war caused by Trump's childish incompetence."
John, you are on the gang of 8. You've known about Trump/Russia since the summer! Yet you chose personal gain over democracy. You will pay.
Absolutely zero evidence of collusion, dummy. Only losers like you are still crying Russia.
What about his promise of currency manipulation and tariffs
This is something to be gleeful about u massive ignoramus! Now NK can launch nuclear weapons cuz they too have a man child as their leader!
Will be interesting to see how being a #Trumplackey plays for you in 2020.
As a senator, if you actually did what you were elected to do, you should know a bit more of the history of China and Kim Jong-un. Sad.
By the way, I'm still waiting for my Gorsuch/Garland comparison cases.
A great deal maker in action. Created his own chip to exchange for help against NK. Hopefully PRC is serious as we are.
Blah Blah Blah Blah Blah...Schedule a Town Hall meeting for the constituents who pay your salary...
Might be? Again, where are your facts?
Issueinf a "preemptive strike" threat isn't leadership. That's a self-fulfilling prophecy that has everyone scared. That should include you!
That was supposed to be "issuing". You should be concerned by it because he should be asking you for permission to be "preemptive".
more likely the chocolate cake.  Wake up-he is erratic & dangerous & the gop is letting him run all over them.

Just a hunch but I bet in 6 mos. you'll swear you were never a fan of Trump.
100%
Even a blind squirrel gets a nut sometimes.Capriciousness is a dangerous solution.Wisdom, experience are needed going forward.
He is gonna get us all bombed and we will remember your complicit role!!!.
Senator Cornyn as a Texan constituent I ask you to fully support our President to deal with North Korea
Your stupidity is boundless.
Reading stupid tweets written by obtuse #snowflakes reassures high probability @realDonaldTrump will sit in oval 8 years. Dems r #asshats
Distrust, doubt, and vomitting are the only things caused by @realDonaldTrump
#trump promised a good trade deal and he wants to pump 5milkion tons of steel into USA so #trump probably screwed #steelworkers like coal
Might be?
He doesn't get credit until we know what China is getting in return from us. If a deal was made, we deserve to know.
Well we do know DT asked to have his name licensed in China!  Money for DT for sure!
#MAGA @realDonaldTrump
So sad that you think this is leadership!!  This has done nothing but cost us 400 million dollars.
Florida is leaking. It's been getting worse.
I'm sure the good people of Seoul are thrilled with Trump, sitting there with the DMZ armed to the teeth.
Bullshit. It's all political theater. Just like you pretending to care about #Texans. Do your job and investigate Trump and Russia ties.
I hope so or we need to go down there and pop that little fat pervert! He is truly a menace and threat to our nation!
Good. Let's hope he keeps listening to Mattis and McMaster.
Right because the only person on the planet more nuts than Kim Jung Un is @realDonaldTrump
The fact that Trump lies and deceives, makes his credibility questionable.  If he colluded with the Russians; he should be impeached.
IF? I think we are WAY beyond IF! Did I see 8 dead Russians connected to #,Trump collusion since he took office Google it!
My if is gracious, there is so much smoke that the fire  is trying to be concealed.  Congress must step up to the plate and resolve this.
