Do you focus on illegal immigrants to distract yourself from dealing with #TrumpRussiaInvestigation? Do what we pay you to do...rep America
Thanks Obama
Wet Foot Dry Foot clause is gone , so no more asylum. They actually need to queue for a visa 
And that would be because Obama dropped the embargo. See how that works?
And no wall built, imagine that.
and yet your buddy Trump wants to decimate the budget for the Coast Guard.
Maybe they are looking for Ted Cruz dad whom Trump said killed Kennedy! You can open that investigation when you run the FBI!
why do you care John?  they aren't bothering anyone and their dictator is less dangerous than ours!  He doesn't have nuclear bombs like ours
This doesn't make U a strong leader - scaring vulnerable people. UR a bully & corrupt. look forward to voting you out of office!
#TexasShame
if that idiot #PutinPuppet #FakePOTUS carries on being psychotic  citizens will be fleeing to Cuba!
TREASON, SENATOR. Stay focused.
Is it possible we can send you to Cuba? After you experience a good nat'l healthcare system you just might change your mind, but I doubt it
Because you and your @GOP cohorts are making this a nation other countries and their citizens no longer admire.
You really need to take some classes in logic and reasoning. You are a scary scary person to have in Congress based on your moronic tweets.
Yeah, we opened trade with them.  Helps their economy. No one really wants to move to another country unless they cannot feed family or fear
Head's up: Posting articles which reveal yourself to be a #TrumpRepublican might not be such a good look. Texans want reform, not a wall.
So basically under the Trump Administration the Coast Guard is ineffective also???? You know getting caught and not entering are different
Too fast and elusive?   What's the point John ... other than the one on your head.
Thank Obama ya bastard.
With Saturday freed up any chance you would hold a town hall meeting to fill the commencement speech void?
@indivisibleATX @IndivisibleTeam
And while I'm sure you Republicans would love to take credit for it, this is Obama's doing. Try again!
Nobody wants to live here any more with our mentally challenged prez and complicit GOP Congress
Nobody wants in anymore. Congratulations. You made us worse than Cuba.
Who the hell wants to come here now. People here don't even wanna be here with this administration and its incompetencies.
Only if Ted Cruz's parents would have waited.
so Obama's opening up to Cuba is working. Nice to see you celebrating an Obama victory
#
Just catching Legal ones now? Thought Mexico was the problem? Wait, Syria.. No that was Iran.. Yemen… Ah it’s whatever suites your needs…
Oh no not the Cubans! 
@bkesling Number of times Cornyn did the right thing remained at 0 in April.
So going to tweet randomness in response to 45 tweeting threats this morning? Trump Russia is getting hot, planning on going down too?
This is important news! #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator
So we don't need the wall along the entire beachfront anymore? Do your job. Represent me.  I'm sick of you, kissing trumps butt.
Guess Obama's policy worked. Now, what are you doing about a special prosecutor to investigate 45's Russian connections?
zero - kind like the number of times you stood up for democracy since corrupt president came in office.
Number of deranged, traitorous Presidents you enable:  standing steady at One. Help change that statistic.
#ThanksObama
Independent non-partisan investigation of trump's ties to Russia. Put country before party.
And the President has told 3 completely different stories about why he fired Comey. Time for an independent, non-partisan investigation.
Wow. That wall really works!
Maybe because no one wants to come here anymore. Making the US an unpleasant place to be is not the solution we wanted.
Could that have to do with Obama ending "wet foot/dry foot"?
Is this you saying, "Thanks, Obama"? Because @realDonaldTrump policies didn't impact Cuba one iota.
Nobody wants to come here anymore. That should not make you proud.
Sneaky Cubans..,
The question is how many Russians are infiltrating the WH. That's the pressing issue. #Impeach #YouServeUs
They don't want to be here, John. Wake up!
USA no longer looks like a democracy. Did u see the comparison of Castro personality to comrade trumps?
That's a relief... building that wall out in the ocean was going to be really challenging. #CornynHole #treason #ImpeachTrump
law enforcement works everytime it is tried.
Smoke screen.  You choose Trump over country.  Why???!!
C'mon Senator,  there is NO such thing as "illegal Cuban immigrants"
#ThanksObama
Trump fires everyone investigating his ties to Russia. How can u support him. Release trumps taxes to a special prosecutor
Having a president and Congress pushing hatred against all people except old and white leads to few people wanting to come here.
Nice try to deflect from GOP problem at hand. Did Mitch tell to say that since your incredible disappointment with Ms. Yates was a dud?
Thanks, Obama!
Thanks, Obama!
Nothing to do with change to wet foot policy?
Curious if you've seen the CIA profile of Fidel Castro. Sound like anyone you know?
Weren't the Republicans upset because Obama was in Cuba
Because Obama repealed the "Wet Foot, Dry Foot" policy back in January before he left office?

Are you making a #ThanksObama tweet?
Things are getting better for the Cuban people because Obama restored diplomatic relations w/ Cuba. GOP stealing credit again
Do you still support Trump?
Unless you support a special prosecutor, you are part of the cover up. We will vote you OUT.
Meanwhile back in reality YOU ARE COMPLICIT in letting 45 humiliate our country and destroy our democracy.
: interesting. Now: independent investigation?  Or did the Prez make you sign a loyalty pledge? It's profiles/courage time.
Not featured: how the number of illegal entries has been steadily dropping for years anyways
With Trump in charge they no longer want to come to America.
Number of Presidents possibly committing treason? One. DO SOMETHING
Since you almost always put party above country and Texas, I have to ask, do you read these articles?
Please focus: Russian election influence campaign.
Cuban boat refugees is not much of a Texas issue.
Thanks @BarackObama
Oh you've surfaced?  Great!  So, what ware you doing about Trump?  Appoint a special prosecutor. Your constituents are demanding it.
Your President is a pathological lying, narcissistic, traitorous dictator...you got a problem with that Senator? #ImpeachTrump #TrumpRussia

QUIET! i believe your boss is having a "moment."
Bragging that we have scared the everloving shit out of people fleeing oppression seems...so Republican
What happened to give me your tired your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breath free. Our country has turned into a sad angry place.
With Gov Abbott leading the angry charge. & you're complicit. Embarrassing. #TurnTXBlue
What about the 45th President and his gang con-men? Have they been caught yet?

This is neither an article about voter's rights nor Mexico although im sure all Spanish-Speaking people are the same to u weird 2 pers acct
