Finally ur making sense. Fix the ACA so ALL Americans can B covered. It IS a RIGHT not a PRIVILEGE 4 the wealthy. Grow a soul!
Where in the Constitution do you find that 'Right'
Life, Liberty & POH. None of which is achievable w/o protection 4 health/life.
This is the biggest load of blame shifting crap I've ever heard. This may work w Trump's base, but the rest of us are 2 smart 4 this BS 1/
I hope your fellow Texans vote you out. You're outright committing malfeasance in. It having any hearings on this bill. 2/
Your party is in control. So grow up and take some responsibility.
2 Things would Fix ACA Simply Put in Public Option & Force All States to have Medicaid Expansion Both things you fought against
So you're ready to do what is necessary to repair the flaws in the ACA?  Great!  Find a D buddy in the senate and get to work!
YES! FINALLY do something good for the majority & not just the 1%.
Cornyn prides himself on bipartisanship. This is the perfect opportunity to step up and show us he means it.
Yeah once you get on board w/expanding Medicaid then that logical solution will also be a bipartisan one.
exactly. If Texas doesn't represent us then they need to GFO
 the blame game is really productive. I'ma going to send you a mirror.
Really, you had *8* years to come up w/ something and waited until the night before to do your homework, then - "D's ate it"
b/c they want us2have NOTHING!They will lose "bigly" in their next cycle. They hv succeeded @ 1 thing-motivating us
Obamacare *not* failing! If you bothered to meet with your constituents, we would tell you that!
True! We're coming 4 you Cornyn. Don't get 2 comfy in DC. You'll B back home N Texas when its time to vote U out.
no he won't. He'll walk through the revolving door, remain in washington and become a lobbyist.
Unless passes hislobbying for 5? years after serving.I forget the amount of .Only good he ever had
I'm very happy 2 hear your willingness! Yes, ACA needs bipartisan work to help it work 4 all Americans! It can & should be done!
SAD how easy you lie. You have NO regard for your constituents + believe we are stupid w/ GOP ACA sabotage + VILE AHCA- 2018 you own it!
Medicaid expansion would certainly help your state. It's part of how ACA should work. Now's the time to work together!
The party of "no" now has to govern. Rs can't blame Dems for laws not passing when Rs have maj in both chambers + Pres
What the hell are you smoking? Can you come up with a better story for your failure?
actually republicants are in charge now. Sorry you can run away from your own fuckery now
They stepped up and passed a Republican plan first. Maybe it's your turn to step up and pass some Democratic improvements?
like this?
GOP intentionally refused to pay loss corridor payments, forcing insurers to withdraw from exchanges #BrokeOnPurpose http://www.modernhealthcare.com/article/20161205/NEWS/161129937 …
The Derp burns-Rs control & can't pass becomes D's fault?  So, ready for single payer like rest of free world?
You do realize the Obamacare markets were mostly stable until Rs took charge and planned to throw millions off insurance, right?
No. No no no no no. You had 8 YEARS to come up with something and you didn't. This is ALL on you.
Exactly when did you sell your soul? Where in the Constitution is healthcare a right #NoGovernmentHealthcare
who has the majority?  Own your stuff.
I would still would like to know: Do you read responses to your tweets?
you are willing it to fail.
Since Republicans can't even cooperate on their own bill, I don't see how they succeed at bipartisan compromises.
Where's the party of taking responsibility for your actions? false teachers!
all Americans know, Trump & GOP, purposely sabotaging ACA, we also know doing it to get tax break for rich. Shame on u you
deflection and blame game for the cruelty you tried to impose..  Accept that the people do not want it repealed. FIX. Tick tock.
save it. None of you people worked with them to fix ocare for 7 years. Why would they help you?
GOP didn't care abt Dem input when u thought u had the votes to repeal w/o them. Stop insulting the intelligence of ur voters
I thought your so-called President was going to repeal it on Day 1?  Oh wait, that was a fake promise, right?
my God can you just get over this 5th grade nonsense..You were elected to legislate not flagellate for your party. #Obamacare
The support for AHCA was soft on both sides, accept this, and start working on a bipartisan solution instead of blaming others.
.@JohnCornyn They already said they would work on making ACA better with GOP duh
They also said they had a BETTER plan. Duh 
We R coming 4 you and that Governor. Texas is going Blue.
If you want bipartisan support you need to step up and stop this abhorrent healthcare bill.
How about a bi-partisan solution that works for everyone? Medicare for all.
nice try
then talk about improving AHCA. NOT repealing Obama care. Ur doing it. Not the dems.
you should have been going bipartisan for last 20 years---you are such a HYPOCRITE
Can't even get your party to agree on terrible replacement plan. Stop following Trump or suffer the consequences on reelection
.@JohnCornyn stop making it about party politics. Work on fixing shortcomings. Stop choosing #CorporateInterest and PartyOverCountry
How about you show up for a town hall meeting back home and we can brainstorm together!
just occurs to you NOW that both parties working together may fix #ACA?! Pathetic, Obstructionist touts compromise after failure
see my reply from yesterday
GOP & Trump still in campaign mode, not governing this country. Stop blaming the place, D.C. and start governing with Democrats!
Agreed...Democrats should be better than Republicans were for the last 8 years.  Don't you agree?
then try to work with democrats - take off repeal and they will work with you.  It has alreadybeen made clear. You want to blame
You should apologize and ask for their help rather than threaten. How did it feel when Bannon used that approach on you?
Recall R's took their toys and went home when D's offered R type solutions to a failing healthcare system 7yrs ago #RomneyCare
Fix it. But not by more tax cuts for the rich.
what failure?! Invent a problem and fail to solve it. Smoke and mirrors. Pretend to do by moving around. Pathetic
Democrats aren't the reason for the failure on friday
You do understand what bipartisan means, right?  It doesn't mean, sign on to what we want to do.
you're a funny guy

You had 7 years to cross the aisle & work to make it better. Instead you were only interested in destruction.
when can we vote you out? I want to mark that day down on my calendar.
You guys had 7 years, now you want D's to fix so you and the Tangerine Terror can take credit!?!
I'm so sick of you.
-you and Cruz are the two two worst Texas senators in history. No one has done less for Texas than you two. Bounce.
It's poor leadership that can't assume responsibility. GOP bill was a dumpster fire. Undoing is easy; leadership is hard.
Many solutions. Boehner said Rs won't agree to anything -can't agree w/ each other. They serve 2 many masters & not constituents
Texas has the highest percentage, highest number of uninsured. Highest infant and maternal mortality. Expand Medicaid.
How about single payer guaranteed care plan like every other advanced nation? And they have lower costs, better outcomes.
Then why don't you take the first step and offer real compromise. Repeal and Replace is not a bipartisan solution!
dude. Dems ain't in charge of SHIT. Don't try to pass the buck on your failings. This is a huge R problem.
You and the GOP have not been interested in bipartisan solutions since the bill's inception. People are paying attention senator
You have a majority. Failure's on you.
. Hey! I think you are forgetting about all those Repubs who didn't support it??!! You didn't need dems if you had a good bill.
Backwards thinking like this has fucked up the Grand Old Party, citizen. We were supposed to make a better plan. @JohnCornyn #Mitt2021
You guys had seven years to develop and agree on an alternative. You couldn't and didn't. That's no one's fault but your own!
Obamacare is not failing. But YOU ARE failing your constituents. Can't wait to VOTE YOU OUT!
well that's wishful thinking. GOP can't even get its house in order.
For a party that blathers a lot about personal responsibility, you guys sure hate to take it on when it's your turn.
1st, not failing. 2nd Dems not the problem. If GOP wanted to last 6 yrs they could have worked to improve it. Blame is yours too
Zip it and come home for a town hall! 75248
Get a time machine and abort your candidacy for the senate. That'd be a good start to healthcare reform.
sir everyone knows you could have passed @gop has full control right now it was @GOP that didn't fully support.  Stop excuses
you are out of touch #sold your soul
you never stepped up with Rs support. Now U expect different? Childish. Sad. #Time4U2Go
I'm sick of you and your team finger pointing when the blame is on you for why we're not yet doing single payer. Resign now!
The failure to repeal lies with Republican leadership. Not Dems. #FullRepeal
.@JohnCornyn Yeah, you go with that. Shameless.
Are you dense? The R's are in charge and can't get the job done? So who is the failure?
Must be nice to pass judgment when a) you never had to vote and b) you've still got your healthcare.
Also, you planning on holding a town hall in Dallas? Ever? We have some points we'd like to make.
How about next time you tell your house colleagues to propose laws that don't hurt poor people and the elderly.
Then maybe the left will be willing to talk with youd
or better yet, work with conservatives instead of running to progressives for help.
:  when will you have a town-hall meeting in the Dallas area to talk about healthcare?
need you to accept failure for a half-hearted, mediocre, months long planning of a bill without consideration to constituents
You've spent 8 years trying to drive the law off a cliff rather than working across the aisle to fix it. You're a joke.
only thing failing is the GOP ... #GOPFail
bullshit
If ACA fails it is on the GOP for not fixing it. GOP has political monopoly. If you can't fix it, don't blame the Dems. #GOP
.@JohnCornyn We have a bipartisan solution already, called Obamacare. Applies to both parties! (Lots of Republican ideas in there also.)
.@JohnCornyn You want to actually make it better? We're there! Stop trying to kill it; work to improve it and every Democrat will help.
@TXDemocrat @JohnCornyn YES!
What, exactly, have you been working on for the last 7 years? Your backhand? Step up, man.
Oh No !!!! U have done nothing to make ACA better for years....don't think we will let u off the hook that easy ...fix ACA not failing
Fix it by giving us a public option. Why can't we do what other countries do? Take care of all our citizens. #singlepayer #haveatownhall
or just vote out John Cornyn and his ilk.
You're the governing party. The rule is shit that breaks on your watch belongs to you. You can fix it whenever you like.
Can u explain why it's the Dems fault and not the 30+ republicans who didn't vote for it? Actually, why isn't this POTUS fault?
You accept it. Your party put a horrible bill, it was in reality a tax cut for the rich.  Talk about finger-pointing...pathetic.
Wait, who runs Congress? Who runs Senate? Who's in WH? Who had SEVEN YEARS to prepare??  Oh, yeah, that would be GOP.  Own it.
So you're digging in heels & want Dems create bipartisan solution?  Maybe take a step (or two!!) towards the middle yourself?
If you want to tell yourself that the Dems took your ass down rather than accept failure, be my guest
nice try. Remember the risk corridors that rubio and other Rs gutted?
thought that was a stupid tweet, then I see your from Texas - explains everything.
Why does it have to be a failure? This is about people's lives and we should be Looking for a win for ALL Americans!
Nice try/troll-only fools would buy this. You own the triad. Demonstrates that GOP can't govern.
It was a bad bill. End of story.
repub were part of the original negotiations to get the votes. Own your part in it. We deserve better than partisan stands
why don't you man up and do what voters asked for in the last election? You have been dismally underwhelming. #draintheswamp
lol, measured and reasonable quotes from other people about ACA, then your ridiculous partisan garbage. I'm embarrassed.
You've had plenty of time to improve it. You're more interested in pointing fingers than in helping the American people.
- Hmm.  You must be new around these (bipartisan) parts. #notalkingpointsplease
Why do you always put the blame on Ds? You had 7 years to come up with a plan and all you did was create one to screw the poor.
Wow,... if only the American public could get the same care you get as a senator. Imagine the possibilities.....
what you really mean is not enough Dems joined you to override the conservatives. You're a fraud. #UnitedWithFreedomCaucus
We won't blame just the Democrats, senator.  Take the initiative & work with the Ds to fix...don't sabotage it - we are watching
actually it's Rs fault if it fails because you are the ones who have choked off $$ to it as planned.
OK, your party failed, now stop being a jerk and tell the Governor to expand Medicaid for 4+ millions of Texans.
this is a joke right?  Did you or T ask?  No
Expand medicaid in Texas.
.@JohnCornyn please do your job and work with dems on this.  Your constuents are watching and planning more town halls.
You are an excellent comedian,what is your bipartisan record? I need to know this before I can begin to respect this comment
Grow Up- Stop being a Trump mouthie + Playing blame game for Trump failures / traitor
or... you and your colleagues need to handle what you were hired to do. #repeal
Reps have majority in house and senate, AND potus... couldn't get it done...
Darker days in US politics on horizon, it is up to Congress to get over Party 1st mentality for us, the United States of America
In a word, bullshit.
nope.
Going left on this issue is a ridiculous concept that will create a viable third party in the long term #GOPDemise
do u REALLY want to blame Ds when Rs have tried to kill ACA for yrs & now u r in charge can't even pass a bill alone? OMG sad
no sir.  Rs have obstructed and sabotaged the ACA since inception w falsehoods and ridiculous dire predictions
How about get Rs to reach out to Ds for assistance? U guys wanted to b in charge - act like it or take the blame 4 starving ACA
passing blame... passing blame...
pass the buck much Mr. Cornyn? How about working with D's to fix the ACA? Is that to hard for you sir?
last I checked Rs had the power to do whatever they wanted... And yet you still couldn't pull it together.
but bipartisan means you have to work together, not just blame the other guy after your own side can't work together.
Cutting the number of uninsured Americans in half is a strange definition for failure.
Like the bipartisan way the Republicans supported passing the ACA?
Like you have acted the last 7 years?  That kind of bipartisanship??
will you support a bipartisan solution, or insist it's your way or the highway?
I'm sure you can get house D's on board for improvements, but you have to ACCEPT COMPROMISE for once.
Fingers crossed Rs will consider bipartisan solution now that Obama is out of office. COUNTRY OVER PARTY PLEASE.
wow blame game from the obstructionist
Denial is not a river in Egypt.
Just think about how great HC would be now if YOU had just been willing to work on improve ACA vs kill it for 7 yrs.  We see you
You spent 7 yrs  obstructing any fixes to ACA. But it's all D's fault?. Just stop.  Work w/D's. They do know stuff about this
now you want bipartisanship???
no blame necessary for the Ds only for the Rs on trying to take all healthcare from us. Shame on You!
take the Medicaid expansion John. The jig is up. It is a fact that is the difference maker. Look at LA: Jindal v. Edwards!
hahahahahaha, you guys would never accept anything bipartisan.  You mean we have to agree with you, no thanks
.@JohnCornyn How many of your constituents agree w/ losing #ACA healthcare? Did you bother to ask?
they don't believe it's failing and you're going to blame them anyway, so why bother? They don't care what you think anyway.
how about you supply some concrete examples of your bi-partisan work over the last years?  Facts only please.
It requires you to do the same.
instead of blaming put forth a viable, constructive suggestion that benefits your constituents & not special interest
Missed all bipartisan R solutions proposed last 6 years. R's can't even find R solutions, Ds supposed to find bipartisan 1s.
Novel idea...why don't you ASK the Ds for input? Better yet, ask the public what is important to them? Hmmm
they are willing but GOP has been the party of "NO"
you couldnt even get the GOP to agree why not fix whats in place. You have had 7 years to work on it. #devertblame #unamerican
Where the hell were you and fellow Rs for the past 7 yrs. Such phonies.
You're joking right?
7 years of GOP saying they have a better idea and nothing!! You control both houses - if you have a better idea you can pass it
you go out to eat. You don't get to decide what you want or how much it will cost. You are expected to pay the bill regardless
this is what you are asking of the dems. Take repeal out and @SenSchumer will work with you. You know this.
No, the Republicans are in charge now. So you have to court the Democrats, not the other way around. That means YOU have to bend
oh that's rich.  wanting the Dems to be bipartisan after 6 years of GOP opposition to anything/everything. Vote u out!
HOLD EVERYTHING until #trumprussia is investigated by a NON PARTISAN INDEPENDENT COMMISSION. Now, so America can move forward!
You and your backward party are responsible.  You can't shift this blame no matter how hard you try.#DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
how about Reps create a better plan!
actually in this constituent family's eyes, @freedomcaucus and Republicans own the ACA now.
@SenateDems @SenSchumer Cornyn states he is ready to work with u on HC. A step in the right direction. Thanks Cornyn!
So instead of pushing a bill far to the right to get the HFC on board, make a bill that Ds and centrist Rs can get behind!
you have the majority. Quit being a damn baby and step up yourself. Republicans need to get a grip and work on your own party.
Read HR676.
No it doesn't require Dems to support-can't You Republicans do simple math? You can't come together as a party so you blame D's
If you want to FIX what's broken and TRULY want to then yes you need to extend a hand across the aisle. But you need to ask also
This was the GOP failing for 8 years in being obstructionist with Obama. Talk to the kettle, pot.
-new bill wasn't going to clear Senate.  Sure D's will gladly work together to fix problems.  Please help create atmosphere.
democrats already did their work and the product is ACA.  Improve it or just move on already..tired of your whining about Ds
stop blaming others. The entire government is Republican. Take responsibility and do your job.
hate to let you know some bad news, your party is in charge.  You couldn't pass your bill cause your party wouldn't support it.
you and R cohorts had seven years to come up with something better...this is all on you
Wrong again John. GOP has obstructed the whole way. We see you and know who to hold accountable.
I'm trying to remember when Rs came foward with a bipartisan solution for ACA or anything, really. That's been a while.
Yes, GOP has been party of NO for 8 years. Dems have no problem improving upon #ACA but wouldn't help repeal! Got it?
bipartisan ?  I thought the GOP had the majority. It was the GOP that stopped it!!!!  Freedom caucus
Because that's what Republicans were renowned for in the previous 8 years. Breathtakingly hypocritical.
All hat and no cattle, as usual. 
I'm sorry, but don't take us for fools.
Arkansas Governor Looks to Strip Medicaid from 60,000 People, WITH HELP FROM TRUMP ADMIN!
Nope. We understand that Trump intends to sabotage existing Healthcare of millions now. It's on him...and you. Not Dems. #aca
You can say whatever you want, Obamacare isn't failing. Stop blaming others for your failures when your party has the majority
Accept blame first then maybe they might could help. Other wise, don't need them!
or republicans should actually come up with a competent plan.
