That's my Senator!
Stunned! Isn't she up for reelection in 18?
I will call her office Monday.
I don't have a problem with GORSUCH but I do think that all appointments should be halted until we find out if Trump is a traitor or not
Oh pleeease!
Are you so desperate to get your judge that you are willing to ignore all the Russian collusion signs?
Thank you Senator. This nominee has been nominated by an administration under a cloud of treason.  We cannot allow him to be seated
Gorsuch is very qualified. Those who oppose him are the traitors to our country.
Just like McConnell and fellow repubs didn't allow Garland Merrick
So it's goodbye to McCaskill and the Senate filibuster then. I don't see this ending well for anyone. The filibuster was important.
Amazed @GOPSenate willing to blow up Senate on their watch

& BLAME Biden, Reid, & Schumer?
omg
Mitch gonna blame THEM for HIS decision?
smh
It takes a lot of people to destroy a tradition. To blame it on one person or one side is to be blindlessly, hopelessly partisan.
Proof of racism? Link?
Trump will be impeached by july.
Wishful thinking lol.     Maybe Obama will be in jail by then 
Cindy it's okay july trump will resign in August he will be impeached
Do you even know how many votes it takes to be convicted in an impeachment trial?
Majority for house. 2/3 for the senate
You really think you'll get 67 votes for an impeachment? Do you think by July all the republicans will get replaced by dems?
When the Russian news drop you will see what happen
Stand up now to the bullies! Otherwise remain under their thumb for next 2 years

Glad she is for her people. Got such is a disgrace for the special needs population. @JohnCornyn does give a crap about them.
Good for her  and,the nation
Republicans are going to do what they're going to do.but our time is,coming  WOE UNTO THEE REPUBS
35% and falling quickly deadly joyfully falling
That is awesome! A Republican willing to do the right thing! So good to hear. Country first!! Thank you, Senator!
She's a democrat !
Oh, the way they said she was going to vote w dems, made me think she wasn't. Thanks for letting me know.
Unfortunately we won't get a republican to vote nay.
That's why I was so shocked. LOL. And two of our Democrats are voting for him, which is disgusting!!
They want to be reelected...not so dumb.
Get reelected and do what, vote on wrong this to get reelected again ... Yes it's a dumb cycle !!!
Thank you!
If Neil Gorsuch was honorable man he would suggest  4Obama's pick 2be approved this time,not trying 2take stolen seat.
Mitch McConnel told his constituates that they will keep their afford care,it's Obama care they will repeal. Obama care is affordable care
Maybe their constituates don't care, but majority does. So people have 2get involved in getting better qualified people elected,not liers
Their dirty stonewalling of Obama pick, was criminal,&they will do it again if we let them.This is why we got Trump& lost ability 2govern
Rep have been acting like criminals 4while now. Their need 2get things done even if it's unconstitutional is out most concern.
now to get the rest on board... this is not a partisan issue. This is a country issue!
I am saddened to hear this. I really believe using the filibuster this time is not ok. The next nomination is the time to go to the mat.
Good
Finally, she came to her senses!
@SueGiffordmn he is bought and paid for. We should know who before they vote.
Nuke em MItch
@clairecmc  Truly appreciate you standing up! Until this FBI investigation is over, there should be no new scouts put in place.
No news here! Giving up her sen position, priceless !!
@clairecmc 
Daily weights Claire ? 

MAGA 
Go Claire!!
Won't matter.. Republicans will pull a majority vote to end the filibuster with Nuclear Option
No GOP will be responsible they own both the good and bad. Hope they remember if they change the rules it can backfire in the future.
That is awesome!! Now all Dems need to!
Great!  Only wish I could vote in her district!
It gives me a bit of pride that at least one Missouri Senator understands the gravity of an unfit man in the presidency
“@MCJalonick: Missouri Sen Claire McCaskill says she will oppose Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch & vote w/Dems to filibuster” Smart lady.
Congress is kind of like a preschool playground. Republicans' behavior has been bad and rewarding it would lead to more bad behavior.
Bravo!
Reject Gorsuch.  Seat Merrick Garland. NOW #upholdConstitution #Integrity #TrumpRussia #RejectEvilAgenda
Damn right, she better. Thank you, @clairecmc
Nuclear option!
Watch how quickly McConnell and co change the rules on that issue Mary Clare....
Take that @JoeNBC
Thank you Senator McCaskill!
Thank you Sen. Clair McCaskil.
Good! I was concerned about Claire.
All of u dimms are lacking something. Harry Reid put the nuclear option n play 2force obama bad policies down reps throats. Stick to food!
This pathetic woman is part of the swamp!!  Give her the boot Missouri.
And the Missouri GOP completes its total takeover of the Show-Me State.
Finally
Thank you, @clairecmc!
The state of resistance is female.

God loves Claire @clairecmc
Wonderful!!
The Democratic Party has evolved into grotesque maggots in a Septic Tank. Its over for them. Good riddance! We're moving on.
Moving on to prisons.  Congrats to all maggots
Ultimately, a smart move.  trump did win MO, but Claire will need all Dem troops next year, plus, trump will either be gone or wounded badly
And after 18, we will have more than 60 seats so it won't matter much, keep it up libtards!
Good, just as well get this out of the way, will make the next scotus picks much easier and faster.
Good.
@clairecmc The only question now is; how bad will she lose in 2018?
Good for you Claire!
I hope that Senate Dems can bring some persuasive power to bear on Manchin, Heidtkamp, Baucus, & any other Quislings I may have missed.
Boom. Claire might as well not bother to run for reelection. She's burnt toast.
Please do so we can use the #NuclearOption for him and the next one, possibly two.
She is tougher than a pine knot! That's our Claire. 63144
Bye Felicia!
@clairecmc thank you!!! You have done the right thing ,its what we want and what we now need as a nation a united Democrat party!
NO LIFETIME APPOINTMENTS shld ever be made by a Pres UNDER A CRIMINAL CLOUD OF SEVERAL FBI INVESTIGATIONS that cld CREATE A TRAITOR JUSTICE*
That's my Senator!
Ignorance and stupidity shine with this one.
As s former Missourian I applaud Sen. McCaskil!
Kudos to her. May she get re-rlected and all the shortsighted @realDonaldTrump boot licking @SenateGOP get handed their walking papers asap
Courage.
@JohnCornyn I hope she has a second job to fall back on...
Voting with a conscious is why she holds that office and will win in the future.
Yes!!!
McCaskill has always been one of my fav Senators and my absolute fav centrist Senator.
Good: Call Republican's Bluff to use so-called nuclear option to confirm Gorsuch. Get rid the filibuster.
#FlushGorsuch
Yay!!!

Respect...this lady has balls
That's pathetic but not surprising, guess you want to retire after all...
Thank you, Senator McCaskill, for choosing #CountryOverParty .
is watching, and knows who stands for the people.
dagg
Thank you, @clairecmc
Thank you!
That's more like it.
Thanks
Go Claire
Won't mean nothing, Gorsuch is in, after McConnell goes nuclear.
Dude is getting appted no matter what. This is the end of the filibuster (on nominations) as we know it. Welcome to (even) more partisanship
@BillBarrowAP No surprise.
That will not help her with the next election.
THANK YOU, @clairecmc!
queen

Get rid of her!
Thank you!
Yes! Just say no!
Yes!!
NICE! See this @SenFeinstein? Do the right thing!
There is someone who won't be bullied by Trump
Still not getting any Bernie backers...
Why not just hold a vote and have it come short?
Thank you Sen. McCaskill for doing the right thing
And she will lose her seat in 2018. Very good!!
ah she caved.... so sad!
She must be retiring.
@clairecmc Fantastic news!
me thinks she felt @JasonKander presence right behind her
Thank you!
 @clairecmc
Thank you Senator
Good luck in your election.

Oh @clairecmc . You're such a loser.
She will lose in 18 hahaha
she will get hier ass kicked in 2018 , what a joke
Somehow I'm not so impressed that a Democrat would vote with the Democrats. Any Democrat who votes Yes needs to be primaried.
We LOVE our SNAC STRONG Armenian Boxing Star Vanes "The Nightmare" Martirosyan @VanesBoxing #GGGMartirosyan #GGGVanes

We are PROUD of you Vanes! You will be back stronger!

http://SNAC.com 

#SNAC #SNACStrong #Armenian #Armenia #Nutrition #VictorConte #VanesMartirosyan
