Say "hi" to Beto, betting he will be Texas Senator 2018. I bet you will enjoy working w/ him.
Even if you don't, it will only be for a couple of years before we replace you as well.

SHAMEFUL that you just along #potus are turning ur back on our Earth! Can't wait to vote against u #ParisAgreement
Great. Have you scheduled any town halls?
Wow. I didn't know that the Border Patrol flew so low!
but not meeting with your constituents
Looks like a chicken, smells like a chicken and clucks like a chicken.  Too afraid to face your constituents?  
time for you to go back to Washington and go to work. Healthcare, tax reform and the budget. Boarder patrol can do their jobs.
#BuildTheWall
Release trumps taxes
So afraid to meet with your constituents that you take to the skies? #TownHall
I'm surprised that the Texas statehouse in Austin doesn't allow politicians to shoot illegal border crossers from helicopter like wild boars
Got your guns with you so you can shoot woman and small children? Jesus weeps!
Get out of my home town.
Oh puleeeeze.  Does this make you tough?
Funny how you always run the border during recess. Shows how little you care for  Texans, and how much you fear us.
when will you meet with your constituents?
Want to perfect Amazon Product Listing service? Then you are in the right place.
click below-
You don't need to fly. Apparently you can just ride along with a local cop and stop whomever you want, anywhere in the state. 
You're going to be voted out.
Surprised your weren't flying to the Kremlin...or were you?
In what way is this moving Texas forward? How much did we pay you to go for a joy ride? How are you working for us?
You'll go to any lengths to avoid your constituents ...you have to come down sometime.
You realize your  supporters dont  have twitter accounts right?! They're  still using rotary phones and aol!
If I knew you were coming I'd have taken the day off work so you could answer my questions. Oh that's right, you didn't meet constituents.
How about doing your job representing Texans for a change?
Be safe!
Are u flying to a town hall? happy to meet u there! Would love to discuss healthcare, environment... ya know, the stuff that keeps us alive
Any chance they will toss you out on the Mexican side?
Meaningless photo-op at the expense of Texas taxpayers. Thanks for your service.
Why? What would this change?
Nice to see that you choose your pocket over our health #environmentalinjustice #ParisClimateAccord  #PartyOverCountry #cowardCornyn
Senator Cornyn, you refuse to hold any town hall meetings with your constituents. Why not just go on Fox News and flip us all the bird?
to what end? you keep coming here and everything is the same.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Did you see any bad hombres? I doubt it.
So how much does your field trip cost taxpayers? What is the purpose of these flights? Is it cost effective? Questions for you from Texans.
Is that how Town Halls are done these days?
Nah, he does covert "phone" town halls now, like a true coward.
As a Texan you understand what many of your colleagues don't so you need to spread the news about what's going on at the border!
All that fuel wasted for years & very little have been done at the #border. Why not opening a Senate amusement park on our southern border?
Every time you come home you head so far down south/west to stay away from the rest of us. Unbelievable! How about a #TownHall
How nice for you! It must be great to get paid six figures to ignore your constituents and campaign against their interests. #LetThemEatCake
What have you got against being accountable to the people you work for? Easier to post a bunch of nonsense than to hold a Town Hall?
...while simultaneously supporting killing every other sector of the planet...
Do you think you'll find your integrity while you're with the Border Patrol?
Why? Nobody cares. We want to ask you questions about your bill to take health care away from Texans.
A lot easier than talking to constituents and being accountable to those who pay your salary. You are #cowardcornyn #traitor #ideologue
Glad your field trip is fun. Meanwhile, the US exited the Paris Accord, #TrumpRussia continues, and the pres is full of #covfefe

And this joy ride improves the lives of Texans how? Do you even have a clue how arrogant this is?
Glad you're having fun. Meanwhile @GOP shielding DT's treason, nepotism and grifting, ruining healthcare, plotting to ruin the environment.
Shouldn't see one hispanic, trump just gave the all clear.  Now if you @GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick can get them all out of Texas
Can you fly out of the country/state and stay there? You'd help Texas out more that way TBH
Wasting our tax dollars yet again.
Yay, helicopters. The unqualified guy your party enabled as president just pulled out of the Paris accord. I don't care about your fun ride.
When's the town hall? That's what constituents want!
Shouldn't you be working on a repeal and replace plan?
Cool! Why don't you ever have time for you every day constituents? Might you be hiding?
