Are these scientists as good as the GOP's Climate Change scientists????
Go away
I'm starting to understand the incompetence (or overt malice?) of the "republican" party.
Can you explain to the People how the budget will improve their lives? #corrupt You exist to serve the People. #democracy
Is this what a Fake House Rep does with his time?
Cornered the market I think. I bet it doesn't study pork
Doug.
Hi Oliver. I think we all know that Texans don't think pork is actual meat, esp for BBQ. At least that's what they've told me over and over
Doug is right. Pork ribs make some menus, but it's all about beef in TX BBQ.
I thought he was making a govt spending joke tbh (also: "Oliver"? You wound me, Doug)
Don't be wounded I can't type or see on this thing.
When GOP politicians comment on science it's generally a bad idea.
Do other senators embarrass their constituents daily or is this just a Texas thing?
NO, SEN. TOM COTTON UNFORTUNATELY IS REPRESENTING ARKANSAS AND I FEEL YOUR PAIN! THEY PROMISE THE WORLD TO GET THE JOB AND  DON'T DELIVER!
Aggie and meat science should not be used in the same sentence.
I heard your wife has a PHD in Meat Science.
In many countries, meat farming is known as the second largest contributor to atmospheric carbon and global warming.
#GoVegan
@LamarSmithTX21   we are also the only state to practice "meathead nonscience".  Lamar Smith is a great adbocate of it...
Texas is the only state that needs to study meat in order to understand what the quality product is like.
an easy google will tell u YES, check out Nevada University for 1.
Other state do as well!
Looking to defund a government research grant Cornyn?
I don't know? Do other US Senators ignore Trump lies and try to take away healthcare from Texans and other American citizens?
Iowa, Kansas & more have studies in meat science.   Simple google search would have answered your question.
JC. other Universities do also.
35 of them do - maybe tag along with @BetoORourke and get out more. http://www.meatscience.org/students/graduate-programs …
Oh my god there's no way you can see this stupid
Poor @JohnCornyn doesn't yet realize that #TrumpStink does not wash off. It reeks of incompetence with notes of racism and misogyny. 
Is this the best use of your time? This administration is investigated for possible treason, but you offer this? #complicit #Trumprussia
Texas is gross. You're gross.
I know for sure that Penn State does. I heard a professor speak on the topic once. There is a lot to learn.
Not at all unique. There's even an American Meat Science Association.
Senator, do you have to replace the batteries in that test tube thingy a lot?
I don't know if @KState has a "meat science" program per se, but they do have livestock agriculture programs.  Also the best dorm food ever!
It's what @SecretaryPerry studied in school (though he got a D), which totally prepared him to be Secretary of Energy. #YouCantMakeThisUp
I thought Cornyn was allergic to science.
Are other states politicians morons or is this just a Texas thing?
How's about doing some work that has some meat in it? What side of history do you want to be on? Courage or complicit?

#canCornyn2020
Wow, so quick on the uptick.
Way to get out the fluff.
I have totally forgotten your treasonous ways!
Hopefully just Texas
While on the inane and unnecessary, which HANDMAID'S TALE character are you?
Lemme guess... you want to defund it
What about Climate Science @JohnCornyn?
This is what you're thinking about? Shameful!
Please don't use Texas A&M as a joke. We are proud of our Aggies, but never proud of you. Stop embarrassing our state.
Colorado State
Trump thinks a Meat Science degree is adequate to run the Department of Energy
The meat lab at @TexasTech is incredible. They also make fabulous jalapeño sausage.
#Vegan
And when they want their Masters in Meat Science they go to THE Ohio State University. So no, it's not just a Texas thing.
I'd imagine any college with a science dept studies protein
Why we think you are lazy
sounds about as stupid and wasteful as gender studies.
This should be a requirement for graduation.
@tedcruz do other states's senators ignore violations of the constitution, or is it (sadly) just a Texas thing? DO YOUR JOB, J/T
Pretty sure you confirmed somebody to a cabinet position who got a D in the subject
Everything going on and this is your question? Let me answer. TAMU can't be #1 if only school. Focus on real issues. Be a Senator.
It's the thing complicit Senators focus on when they don't want to talk about "THE THING"
Do other states have useless, complicit senators who stick their head in the sand or is that just a Texas thing?
#Complicit
#WeSeeYou
This is why we have the best BBQ in the history of the world.
Yep. Ohio, MI & WI all have meat depts. But what does this have to do with #TrumpRussiaInvestigation? How's that going?
Are you trying to say being number one doesn't mean much? They're highlighting themselves as #1.
That's the class our Secretary of Energy got a D in, isn't it? Maybe ask him.
Good question. Is denying scientific fact, dismantling civil rights, and ignoring the Constitution just a Republican thing?
University of Arkansas has a huge poultry science department.
Well, with all the walking meatsacks disguised as politicians we have here in Texas, it's probably necessary.
Ha! Perfect :)

#SaveAmerica 
#RESISTANCE
