I sure haven't seen you down helping anyone.
LOL
No you two don't have our backs.
Sponsored 809 bills, 10 became law...you are as bad at your job as Cruz (232 w/2 becoming law).  Image applies to you as well
Unless it comes to your healthcare, then it's "Sorry, dude, you're screwed."
Except on healthcare...
Unless you use @PPact or benefit from #ACA... or aren't a Christian and want to adopt.
Taking away health care after this disaster - you don't have our back. You're a mean, corrupt elitist.

Except if you need healthcare. Then you're on your own. Isn't that what you mean, senator? Consider the needs of your constituents please.
Not if you support Graham-Cassidy, you don't. #SaveACA
Except for the 4.3 million Texas Medicare recipients
Having you guys at my back makes it convenient should you stab me there on the latest healthcare bill.
The new billl won't cove stabs in the back!
right
Hey John, when is the last time you were in Russia? Or had contact or contributions from Russians?  Texans want to know ... 
Since when is travel to, or speaking with Russia(ns)  illegal? Cronyn is an ass, but get a grip.
No, no you don't. You photo op like you do, but you don't. If U did you would be providing healthcare to those less fortunate than yourself.
That is the funniest thing you have tweeted, thus far. You have our backs but are planning to kill ppl by voting yes to this trash hc bill?
Except for when it comes to health care, I have no confidence in you
YEAH YOU HAVE THEIR BACKS....LIKE TAKING HEALTHCARE AWAY FROM THEM SO YOU CAN GIVE TAX BREAKS TO RICH.
Okay well what are you actually gonna do?
If "having our back" means "deliberately taking away our access to affordable healthcare"
You don"t have my back or other vulnerable texans taking our http://healthcare.You 're choosing to allow ppl to die.Blood on ur hands.78727
If you've got Texas' back, then vote no on #GrahamCassidyDeathBill. A yes would hurt millions of Texans and you know it.
Cornyn and Cruz: Hurricane Sandy victims, you're on your own!
But New York could go hang after Sandy, right?
What's this I hear about a vote on #Trumpcare with no CBO score? Best argument is "it's our chance to repeal #ACA" and not "it's better".
It's just a tax cut for the wealthy...John does not give a damn about healthcare for Texans or another Americans...all about the $$$
Unless you need healthcare, then you’re fucked
I really can't wait to vote @JohnCornyn's terrible senator a$$ out of office. He sucks completely. Does not represent me.
unless it's healthcare .. then you're screwed and we basically don't care if you die....real heros
Nah, you don't.  You've got the backs of your donors and not a single other soul.  You are a fucking disgrace.  Retire and slither away.
As long as you don't need medical insurance.
Remember, these two jerks voted against hurricane Sandy aid, thank goodness other senators are better Americans! Replace Cornyn and Cruz.
Except when it comes to healthcare then screw you guys we're going with the rich guys.  #SaveACA
More like bent over a barrel.
If that's true John, between you and The Texan Tugger, we're screwed...
Really?  Nice self congratulatory pat on the back. The country supported us. You appear to support yourselves.  Step up with healthcare
Unless you have a pre-existing condition don't call us we'll call you. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
#cornyvotercleansing
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy or you have no spine. Return to regular order. Hearings. Bipartisan negotiations. Testimony from experts & ppl
Really you have a knife in our back while gutting health care  pure evil
Trump Can Say Whatever He Likes: He’s Made Rebuilding a Safe Houston Much, Much Harder – Mother Jones
President Trump's 2018 budget raises questions about a "better than ever" #Harvey recovery.
4 Ways President Trump’s Budget Takes Aim at FEMA and Disaster Preparedness - Union of Concerned Scientists
Short-sighted and dangerous: Under Trump, Harvey recovery projects won’t be required to plan for future floods.
Trump FEMA Chief Supports Cutting Coverage for Flood-Prone Homes - Bloomberg
Trump FEMA Chief Backs Reducing Federal Role in Disaster Relief, Flood Insurance
Trump Administration Continues to Bulldoze Environmental Regulations | HuffPost
Trump is putting us all at risk of more Hurricane Sandy flood disasters
White House budget aims to ‘slow’ gains in weather prediction, shocking forecasters - The Washington Post
With a knife.
Not it you're taking away our healthcare, you're not. Or ... I'm sorry, were you only speaking to your big-money donors?
Just like you had our backs on healthcare
I think you ment to say, you working Behind our back
Bullshit. If you had our back, you'd vote 'no' on repeal and actually work on a way to get more Texans affordable healthcare.
Got my back? Really? Then why do you want to screw my family over by taking away our healthcare? #VoteNo #noGrahamCassidy
Vote NO to Graham-Cassidy. ALL Texans deserve health insurance.  Why isn't NFIP taking care of these flood victims? Coverage too expensive?
...and we have the GOP's Graham-Cassidy knife to stick in it!
How about you get our back on healthcare.
We don't want you anymore, find another state to back. @tedcruz
No you don't. You're going to vote to take away healthcare from millions. You only care about your rich donors.
We hope you'll have our back and not do something stupid like vote for this new healthcare bill. Sadly, we know you will because...horrible
Then say NO to the Graham-Cassidy bill
Texas is hurting Repeal Obamacare. Build the Wall! Investigate spy ring in Congress and Senate. #AwanGate
You're heartless.
If you really have their backs you will not vote yes on Graham Cassidy! Having someone's back means you care if they live or die!
Except for that whole healthcare thing.
Or that whole Russian influence thing.
Thanks, we want you to have our President's back. Maybe i missed where you or Ted praised @POTUS for his speech at the UN. Ill go look
Oh good then you're voting NO on Cassidy/Graham??
@tedcruz 

You both voted NO for Hurricane Sandy monies.

I guess this is a case of "its my people, so of course I want cash"

Thats Bull.
So then you're both voting no on the graham Cassidy POS?  Because that's how you would have Texans' backs!  U BOTH R .  @GOP SUICIDE
I'll believe it when I see either one of you at a townhall addressing healthcare.
So you're voting no on that abomination of a bill taking away healthcare from millions?
BS
How can you say this while you're trying to gut out health care?
How many will you back with Medicaid coverage? What about Rules of Order? Take a breath and debate in a timely manner. .@SenTedCruz
If you have our backs, vote NO on Graham-Cassidy!
You don't have our back with regard to insurance. EXPAND MEDICAID.
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
Got our backs? By cutting our Obamacare? By denying life-saving healthcare? Demonstrating yet again ur hypocrisy and incompetence--RETIRE. 
Unless you're talking about healthcare for Texans. On that, we're on our own!
"Except when it comes to your healthcare, we're gonna vote for a bill that'll slash $11 billion in Medicaid for our state"
Not when it comes to health insurance! #VoteNo #GrahamCassidy #SaveACA
Except when it comes to your health.
