.@SenFeinstein tells @brikeilarcnn there should be a new obstruction probe by the Judiciary Committee #CNNSOTU http://cnn.it/2srcqao 
Please help #TheResistance to adopt my new term for all @realDonaldTrump Supporters, Please RT with hashtag #CheetoDefender
LOL, I just used your new term, #CheetoDefender
@jaketapper @SenFeinstein @brikeilarcnn Special Counsel should be dismantled due to findings in #ComeyDay hearing.
"Findings"?
He admitted to leaks.
Do you really not understand why there's nothing wrong with what he did, or are you just pretending to not understand?
What he did was illegal but you seem to be hysterical.
No it wasn't. Has to be classified to be illegal.  And hysterical is another word you don't understand
His work product is govt. property, and to be returned/surrendered upon separation. Remember, done in govt. car on govt. laptop.
Hadn't heard that one. Got a cite?
Can't wait to vote you out in 2020.

With Comey involvement Muller should recuse himself!!!!!
Hack
Hard to see how you became a senator in the first place...
The President interferes and you say nothing.  Impeachment is coming and your job will be going.
He stands with Russia and Putin, as well
Get glasses. It's pretty obvious to most.
Does the Intelligence Committee's investigation interfere (of which you are a part)? No? Then why would this?
She talked about it. Maybe you should watch.
I wonder how u r going to feel about this when u r once again a regular citizen. R does ur collusion agreement include lifetime payments?
You can have multiple investigations into different aspects of a case, which doesn't harm the Special Counsel.
It's hard to see why you want this crime boss to remain in power in our government.  What is your cut?
@JohnCornyn, seems she wants a panel to clarify and define obstruction. How would that interfere with special counsel?
I guess @JohnCornyn has no response? It's been what, more than 30 hours?
For you, anything that casts a less than positive shadow on an incompetent and lying Administration, is beyond your vision.
Harder to see you actually caring at all about justice.
That's because the obstruction has just taken another "left" turn; desperate for anything that could be negative w/no concern for country. 
Hard to see why you are defending a man who willingly hired a foreign agent as DIRNSA,leaked classified intel to RU in Oval Office. HACK!
The more people investigating this government, the better. And you aren't listening to your constituents. or complying with FOIAs. Secrets?
@POTUS @realDonaldTrump @mike_pence @StevenKBannon POTUS HAS Constitutional authority to terminate Mueller AND he should. Enough of this!
What's your point? I would stake everything on Comey vs Trump. As a New Yorker, we know the truth. Can't hide from it. You're all going down
@jaketapper @SenFeinstein @brikeilarcnn What a crock, again! Professionals could deconflict. can see why you wouldn't qualify!
I agree with her actually. Think this will shut Comey up? lol
John you are a complete fool. You're really gonna go down with the ship, huh?  Keep towing that party line...
You need to stay off of twitter.
Another stupid dem. Does it ever stop.
Hard to how you keep your job, because you are derelict.
I was under the impression that any and all congressional investigations can be done in conjunction with the SP? #Treason #CountryOverParty
will trump fire mueller? that is obstruction of justice again dumas

party before country! #MAGA
Trump fired comey because he was investigation russia.
Why do you lie? You know that both can and have gone on in the past
You still believe @jaketapper and @CNN.  That's cute.
No your trying to Impede this investigation with  this tweet. Im a republican but I agree with @alfranken You Republicans are hypocrites
Hard to see why you chose party over country, not a move expected from a Texan..Texans not usually on bended knee licking boots, Texans lead
You've got no credibility left @JohnCornyn. You not only danced with the devil but let him take you home for the night. #TrumpRussiaLackey
.@JohnCornyn scared?   The net is widening, HOPEFULLY ensnaring most of the old GOP Congressmen that have had Kremlin ties all along
Easy to see how Russia got exactly what they wanted with further divide of our country and a wannabe authoritarian as president.  1st
Senator, since you are not tweeting anything about the healthcare bill you are secretly writing, I must use this tweet. 1
As the whip for your party and senate, you know the value of collecting votes to pass legislation. 2
Why not the whip the votes from the democrats in the senate? To do this, you would need real collaboration from your democratic colleagues 3
Why not include democratic ideas? GOP amendments were included in #ahca. 200 amendments, but who's counting? 4
Are you vying for "Top Enabler" of our Obstructor-in-Chief?
Hard to see how you're doing your job
I'll help you - it's doesn't. You're welcome.
Seems it should only help find those that want to destroy democracy for Putin.
It's called independence, Senator.
When are these obstructionists going to stop wasting our tax dollars?  Haven't they done enough to add to our deficit? Make them pay for it!
comrade, why are you trying to sink the investigation ?Country over Party ! your lies and manipulation are getting a wider audience each day

Staffer who tweets for the senator do you show him the replies and the contempt we have for him?
Not hard to see how you can keep up with your twitter account but not your constituency for town halls.
If you're scared say you're scared! Cornyn is a traitor! Party over his people! LOCK HIM UP TOO! Vote him out of office!
You wish
Obstruction of what? Oh, I'm sorry @SenFeinstein I didn't realize you were referring to Loretta Lynch. Proceed. @tomborelli @LarrySchweikart
Wasn't a main platform for tea party transparency in govt!? Have you lost your way or is russian money worth more than US Democracy
Hard to see how your not complicit in all of this. Looking forward to 2018.
oml don't even begin with your nonsense.  
The Special Counsel is a lot smarter than YOU and your GOP colleagues combined. What do you have to fear? The truth? Impeachment? Collusion?
I don't care. What's in the healthcare bill?
Uh. No.
Your legal reasoning makes me think we should go back & open up every case you decided as a TX SC judge & argued as TX AG.
#CountryOverParty
Sir, we have Russians interfering in our elections! State your plan to save our democracy! I'm waiting!
Why are DOJ lawyers defending Trump payments from foreign governments Why are taxpayers paying  lawyers for Trumps private business ?
You are losing and complicit. Bye
We see you hiding treasonist acts by a Traitor. Makes you one too! #traitor #TrumpRussiaInvestigation
It seems like a lot of things are hard for you see when it comes to protecting our Democracy over party. #TrumpObstruction #TrumpRussia
Hard to see how you are serving the best interests of the country & your constituents
Regardless of the findings, the dems will always insist on yet another investigation. They will never accept that Hildabeast lost
do your job, John.
Hard to see how you are not complicit.
America is in shame with sorry ass republicans trying to run us in the ground over raciest party agendas.
Congress should abolish special counsel after hearing Comey's testimony! Wrong for GOP not to go against this happening!
You are not bias
It's also hard to see how you can breathe, walk and talk all at the same time.
It's hard for Texans to see how you're not the least bit concerned with representing our interests. We have no faith in our current govt.
Mr Sir Straw Grasper, your loyalty to the #unPOTUS over state and country is going to get you promoted to "customer"  soon. #TheResistance
You guys have been doing the same thing for yrs. You are just trying to deflect from the disaster of a "leader" you have in the White House!
So you acknowledge the Special Counsel has sufficient grounds to investigate DJT for obstruction. Ok. I agree he does.
#VoteHimOut
Harder yet to see how it does. Time for you to retire.
Stop me if you've heard this one before. A Republican and a Democrat carpool to work one time, spend thirty hours talking.
Hard to see how much of a partisan hack you've become. #TurnTexasBlueAgain

All you want is not to have to do your job
Hard for you to see a lot of things
Anything to keep yall from covering up whats going on!!!! Dont trust a one of you GOP nutjobs!
Texas can do so much better
@jaketapper @SenFeinstein @brikeilarcnn harder yet to see how your questions have shown any real interest into Russian interfer.
It's embarrassing how much of a Trump apologist you have become.
Don't worry your little head. The professionals will take care of everything.
Too bad the Democrats can't be called on the carpet for obstructing Congress and Senate from getting back to work doing what citizens want
The Special Counsel opened by illegal acts by Comey should be immediately closed. And now open one for him and HRC/Lynch.
I agree!
Government can walk and chew gum at the same time. Imagine this was HRC.
Nice how Session gets to testify behind close doors More hiding and covering up
Easy to see why you support trump. Why won't he release his taxes?
Spec Counsel ought be reassigned to Obama, HiRC,Holder,Lynch, Rice et al., re:obstruction…b/c fast&furious coverup+lynch lies.@SenFeinstein
I totally agree with Diane F. There should be an obstruction committee. How long will it take you to subpoena James Comey and Loretta Lynch?
Oh please! Maybe bc republicans are obstructing all the way! Look at crooked @jasoninthehouse @Rep_DevinNunes just to start
you're a transparent, disingenuous fraud 
Do better #texas
Hard to watch GOP tamp down and obstruct normal congressional processes for $$ reasons.
Greed Over People = GOP
CRAP, THEY'RE GETTING CLOSER! LIE! LIE! LIE!
No one believes you care about the Special Counsel, except that it should be keeping the GOP sleepless. Give us healthcare and town halls
Incorrect, you know better.
Imagine waiting until someone's out of town, sending your personal  bodyguard to fire him with a letter, then calling him 'cowardly.' SM
Comey called himself a coward. He's a coward, but especially for agreeing to call HRC investigation a matter to align with DNC.
Feinstein is a bitch, but we in California can't rid ourselves of her. She is to erslthy from stealing from "We the people"
Act that seems like a reasonable response. Are you opposed to bringing the truth to light Senator?
Hard to see how you condone treason. You have violated your oath of office.
Hard to see why you focus on "leaker" nonsense when you should be focused on  obstruction. Your own as well as DT's.
Refer to Alan Dershowitz and his legal opinion on subject.
Prefer @SethAbramson views on the matter. And don't tell me what do to jackass.
 triggered much?  Liberals ALWAYS resort to name calling!
What happened to "Yeah, but Clinton . . . ."?
Senator, focus.
There can be more than one investigation into #TrumpRussia
