The fact that you are tweeting about this while a catastrophic storm bears down on Texas proves you are not fit for office.
what?! you're aware that the strongest hurricane in 13 yrs just hit TX, right? you can take sedition accusations & sit on them.
Great for PA.  What I really want out of my representative is a chance to discuss the issues that affect Texans.  When is your town hall?
So where's your tweet about who the Koch brothers are buying? Oh right, they bought you.
Citizens United is the world you wanted. Don't whine when Dems do what you do every day. Private funds influencing politics is Repub concept
Indict Soros for sedition or any other of his high crimes. Soros IS the enemy of the Republic.
DT pardoned Arpio.. but you pobably are happy about it... SAD
Trump just pardoned Joe Arpaio.  Aren't you proud?!
And the Koch brothers? Transfer the employee running this feed to another task. "Twitter Cornyn" is a tone deaf, racist hypocrite.
You literally attend Koch brothers secret meetings and you mention Soros. Hilarious
What are you doing about Soros?
Yep. Rich folk love to buy an election.
And how much have Mercer and the Kochs given to Republicans?
Little John, that means he is spending about $1 per adult in Philadelphia.  Flood?
You're missing the point people! George Soras is the most evil human being on this planet!!

Are you kidding me? You're tweeting about George Soros when a hurricane is about to hit your state. Come on man.
Shouldn't you be more concerned with a Harvey than Pennsylvania??
Stop this man!  Ukraine wants him for war crimes!  Deport him ASAP!
Remember when you voted no to Sandy relief? Many do. Hypocrite.
There is a hurricane set to ravage our state, sir. Sure would be nice if you focused on that.
@georgesoros is a very evil man & his goal in life is to bring down America!
Glad to hear it!
Seriously? 
Excellent! Hope he floods TX when you run in 2020. @BetoORourke isn't taking PAC money he will beat @tedcruz with the money of folks like me
Good for @georgesoros
Senator if your going to call the ball game you have to call the balls and the strikes the same for both teams!!
And your point is?
So this is why our Gov't won't put a warrant out for Soros who is destroying America. Follow the $ trail ob corruption.
Soros is #1 enemy of USA
YEP, SOROS & HIS MONEY PUSHES ANY DEM SOCIALIST HE CAN CONTROL!!! HIS GOAL IS TO CHANGE OUR REPUBLIC TO A RAD SOCIALIST/COMMUNIST NATION!!!!
Of all the idiotic things to tweet while so many of us in Houston are worried about flooding.  We need someone who represents us!
Do you really want to compare Soros' financial support to Koch Brothers and Mercer, Mr. Cornyn? Why do you participate in this nonsense?
Oh hey, and don't forget the Mercers. The lovely folks who bought the GOP Bannon, Miller, and Gorka.
A drop in the bucket compared to the Koch Brothers
So?
So this post is disingenuous. You don't like it because Soros isn't on your side. Not because you are against outside interference.
Or trying to influence elections in other states ....
But I'm sure you have no problem taking money from outside your state.
I can't believe you are tweeting this. Hey I'm in Houston and we are out of bottled water and sand bags!
While I like Soros, I know how I felt when Chevron plowed $4.5 million into a mayor and 4 city council races in 2015 in Richmond, CA.
Also, when conservatives flooded CA with calls on same-sex marriage. Only when its a national leader ie: @SenateMajLdr or @SpeakerRyan
GOP floods 1.3M and growing to Trump businesses!
Soros! Soros! Soros! BullShit! BullShit! BullShit! John. That Soros! dogwhistle is old. How about Koch! Koch! Koch! Koch! Koch! Koch! Koch!
Yayyyyy!
Stop all PAC and Lobby money!! Campaign finance reform to level the playing field for voters is essential.Watching!
Good! That's awesome. Ask him about my payment for resisting.
Did the same on Houston and won
What about the money the Koch brothers donate? You don't seen to have a problem with that do you John?
yeah, And Adelson? The Kochs? So you wanted Citizens United? You got it.
Thx for the info. That Soros guy is not to be trusted.
Oh good grief John stop trying to use George Soros as a bogeyman when you owe your soul to the Koch brothers #hypocrite
@georgesoros Great!
So do you think we should overturn Citizens United and get big money out of politics? I'd support that. Introduce a bill, please.
Please investigate him. He is ruining our country. He should be extradited!
You must be kidding? And how much have you all taken from the Koch Brothers?
And your point?. Gop super Pac giving tins of money to his candidates
meanwhile Koch brothers. You need to overturn citizens united for All Americans!
But no mention of the Koch brothers doing the same for the @GOP... #hypocrisy
will your next news source be breitbart or national enquirer?  All so fair & truthful.
Treason. Shouldn't Soro's be jailed or just deported?
But no concern for your constitutes in the path of a dangerous hurricane.  Priorities, right?

Love this!
Peanuts compared to Koch brother money, amirite John?
Mercers on line 2
Unless you're supporting overturning Citizens United, your party brought this on itself.
And how is these any different than what the Mercer's and the Koch brothers do? Shame on you for spewing hate and division.
not liberal but radical
WE'RE ON THE EVE OF A MAJOR HURRICANE THAT'LL HIT MOST OF TEXAS & YOU'RE TWEETING ABOUT GEORGE SOROS???? WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
Another victory for free speech! Thanks for pointing out this triumph of American freedom!
And George Soros also does biz with your boy Jared Kushner... 
ALL $ in POL is bad John, not just on the left.
Why don't you post something about the Koch brothers?
How much "dark money" are the Koch Brothers and the Mercer family donating?  Why can't Republicans work with Democrats on dark money?
This guy needs to be stopped!!!
Thank you for this PSA. Please be more thorough in future, letting us know where Koch brothers and Mercer family money is going.
If it were the Mercers backing some far-righter you'd be thrilled, though, huh?
as far as political funding goes, i would hardly say 1.7 mil is "flooding" lol.  but, hey, you tried.
Soros planning something in Philly
Hmmmm
Only because DC allows to happen. Houston lost an outstanding DA from a #Soros hit job and you guys did nothing. Still doing nothing. @POTUS
@JohnCornyn. I wish Harvey had gotten some Soros $$. Then you could focus on the 17 million Texans in its path instead of a local PA race.
Who can stop this enemy of America ? He's buying everyone .
Awesome
good, then they won't need the russian money that the @GOP seems so fond of.
This man is a criminal and wanted in several countries for political machinations. Trade him in France for Roman Polanski. Trash for Trash
I think I may faint.
But you have no problem stuffing your crooked pockets with money from the alt right Koch brothers?
Ummm....Koch brothers? 

Hypocrite much, johnny?
How much money have you taken from PACS and Big Oil?
Soros is lethal! Surely there is legal action that could be taken for some of the violent activities he funds.
I think, If @GOP is smart they will stick together and stop shitting on each other; but what do I know
George needs to send me my money for the Women's March. And the Science March. And for tweeting to my senators every day.
All money from Soros, or a 'Soros' source should be frozen.
Put the SOB in jail and freeze his assets!!!
Johnny Six Gun, the amount that the  Koch brothers poured into politics dwarfs all others. So, what's your point?
Also Sheldon Adelson, Foster Friess, Paul Singer, Robert Mercer, Woody Johnson, Norman Braman, Ken Langone, Joe Rockets, Peter Thiel
George Soros can you just say goodbye to this world
How much have the Koch brothers contributed this year?
Congress can overturn Citzens United. Or do U only have a issue w high $ Dems? U love Koch money, don't u?
So what? At least he isn't a Russian...................
In my dream, a real American Patriot will use Soros money to follow up and convict Soros of espionage and treason in the USA.
How much Koch money have you enjoyed & benefited? Kettle calling the pot black, I'd say.
A u kidding? What w/the Koch bros and Mercer?
Oh, and don't worry about us here in  Corpus.   Your useless anyway.
The fact Soros is supporting a candidate should tell you to vote for the other person
Sucks your not lining YOUR pocket this time doesn't it?
Good
Hi there. Maybe focus on #Harvey. Maybe explain to the president how it's not good and sad.
Why can't Soros be investigated and exposed
And yet you had no problem with the Russians.  #DeleteYourAccount
Cornyn spreading more disinformation from a dubious source. Remember when you said CBO report was "Fake News?"
oh no it's the GOP boogeyman everybody run and hide under the Koch Brothers bed! Call the Mercer Family, maybe they'll help.
Russia floods GOP campaigns nationwide. @SenMajLdr @PeteSessions @SpeakerRyan
John, could you get in touch with him please? As my senator. Still waiting for the money the conservative media said I would get from him.
Like the Koch brothers are innocent in all this.
Good:) #EVILGOP #WhateverItTakes #VoteDem2018

It's not like he bought the Presidency, ahem, and you are no stranger to billionaire sponsors.
He needs to be prosecuted yesterday!!!! Enemy/traitor of the US
Good to hear.
campaign finance legislation?
Did GOP take Russian money for PACs, John? Do you know how idiotic you sound pushing the Soros line?
Rosneft floods congressional races through PACs. https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ … Any comment?
Note: agree w/ Cornyn that a billionaire buying DAs is disturbing. & you're correct that he's not going to do anything about it b/c reasons.
Money needs to be removed from politics. Buckley v Valeo made bribery legal and Citizens United made it limitless.
And the Mercers are funding the campaign AGAINST Jeff Flake.  That should really be a problem for you.
So, political contributions really aren’t free speech after all? Time to kill Citizens United, right?
Who cares right now. Thousands of people are trying to stay safe.
If you complain about him, the Koch brothers must drive you bonkers.   Jeez those billionaires donating politically.
Can we get the Soros, Kochs, Mercers AND the Russians out of our democratic processes?!  They tip the scales & make it truly undemocratic!!!
GOP drags out Soros?How much by the Mercers? The Adelsons? The Kochs? GOP sold their soul & America to these bandits but worry about Soros?
Good.
Stoking hate for your donors benefit. Do they pay you well?

Worry about Harvey and the people of your state You have no poblen with how much the Koch Brothers pass out
Wow that's so unlike @GOP donors like the Koch bros who would never pour money into an election. Double standard hypocrite. #Liars
So did the Koch brothers give you this errand to tweet during or after your PAID RETREAT WITH THEM IN COLORADO? You are bought and paid for.
Soros has destroyed European countries, now he's trying to do the same to ours! His agenda must be stopped!
And what are you doing for Texas today John? What the hell does Philadelphia have to do with Harvey coming for a visit? Get with it John.
Many people are learning to check the source before they post. So they don't lose all credibility...
He is the mastermind of political and social unrest as he bets bigly against a country's currency.  He has an adjenda. #EyesOpen #LockHimUp
You raised over 16 million. Only 700k coming from small individuals contributions. So look who's talking.
Shouldn't you be focused on the hurricane headed to your state rather than retweeting this garbage???
Don't hear complaints from u when it's the Mercers, Kochs or Adelson. Sure sounds like using the Soros name is throwing red meat to that 35%
So do you prefer Koch Brothers money or do you think Mercer money is more useful to your purposes?
A little late dontcha think? 
Didn't see anyone helping the Soros victims in Harris before last election. Why was that?
That Nazi war criminal should have his and his family's assets frozen. This influence peddling should not be allowed
He has caused more chaos globally than any despot in history because his reign continues as does his attempts to overthrow govts, ours too
Why is he not being stopped
John, Texas has its own issues you should be worried about. Fix those before you move on to other states.
The root of the problems js
And we're happy about it!
You're sounding more like @realDonaldTrump than a Texan lately
So what. It's ok for you to take money from the Koch brothers
Ha ha you say that like your bosses the Koch brothers don't exist.
This sounds like a delete later after devastation of Harvey news comes in kind of tweet
Always throwing that bone to the insane Nazi sympathizer base...this won't be forgotten
Keep to your state..stay out of my city
.That moment when Cornyn sees Trump tweeting about Corker...
He's doing it all over the country. Follow @stranahan http://populist.tv . He has indepth coverage. Read and share. 
You Faith and Freedom Coalition raising money for your agenda. Charging people for survey.
SOROS IS 4 SOROS. He uses PPL like Toilet Paper. Plays both sides for his Gain.
What, now wealthy donors are a bad thing?
If you would take a stand against any donation>$100, or some other small amount I'd have your back
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!?? 
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
He's a Nazi just like 45 and his cronies!
How much are the Kochs spending in Texas? How much did you receive from them??

So?
Pennies
Good!
Fake news, but to be clear, money in politics is only a problem when you personally don't like the source?
Or when you're not getting any of it.
any thoughts on Sinclair Media?
http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/06/trump-fcc-sinclair-broadcast-expansion-241337 …

You have a huge hurricane about to hit your state.....pay attention.
But, it's okay, of course, that Russian oligarchs funded various GOP campaigns, right? Well, right? :)
LMAO! unbelievable
This must be why my check from Soros for protesting Trump hasn't arrived.

"No one is born hating another person because of the color of his skin or his background or his religion..." 

#RestInPower Heather Heyer, who gave her life today in defense of liberty and justice for all. We will not forget you. #Charlottesville 
