So health care vote isn't happening next week, as @JohnCornyn said. https://twitter.com/jeffzeleny/status/884829648621797376 …
On what? Got the rewrite you were working on finished? When do we see it?
Priority!! Check out that Don Jr. email admitting that Trumps were open to working with the Russians against HRC. Treason trumps healthcare.
That debate you promised is happening literally everywhere EXCEPT the Senate floor, apparently. Texans want to know what is in this bill.
But you said there's no bill. And yet something was submitted to CBO. I can't keep track of which is a lie, but I do know you're a liar.
Hey John try to remember when you do vote that the ppl of Texas, like the 3 million that this bill will leave uninsured, relies on you.
You shutting the door again big guy?  How about the new CBO first and maybe some discussions with your fellow senators?  This is insane.
Thanks-I'll do everything I can to get Sens to vote NO
Vote 2020
If senate doesn't vote a Clean Repeal of ACA then I'll  work to make sure you are voted out of office. You are my Sen & not working for me
@SpeakerRyan @RepKayGranger @SenTedCruz @HouseGOP
Vote for full repeal. Excise GOV from healthcare and Insurance. Pack of liars theives.
It is unconscionable to hold a vote in this horrendous bill. TRUMP ran on keeping Medicaid.  Know this, I will NEVER vote for another GOPer

As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
YOU VOTE-YOUR GONE JERK
AND IT BETTER BE A FULL REPEAL 1st! American people voted for GOP to do it. DO THE JOB WE PUT YOU IN OFFICE TO DO! NO GOVT IN OUR HC!
@CahnEmily Are you finally voting on impeachment! Can't believe after proof of intent to collude, you are still ignoring treason
As one of your constituents, I urge you to support clean repeal of the ACA.
Vote in 2018. Vote in 2020. Hope you have a retirement plan.
If TX isn't clear on this yet...you don't give a rat's ass about anything more than erasing Obama's legacy and tax breaks. Sad
You left out a word. Pretty sure you meant "Vote NO next week" #SaveACA #RESISTANCE
On what?
yes to bull is all you know bad bill you messed up AHC and you know it
What are you voting on?  You said three days ago that no bill existed. Have you taken up obfuscation as a recreational sport?
If you vote against what your constituents want you are a total waste to our great state. #Townhall 75248
WE DONT WANT IT!!!!!
@CahnEmily on what exactly?  Wait, don't tell us - we love surprises when it comes to something so important.
Hold a #townhall so you can hear what your constituents think! Represent all of us not just your large donors. #sellout
Lessons learned, listen to doctors, patients and healthcare workers.  Not another vote on a secret bill. Note to you.
Yet the people haven't seen the bill. This is only about the GOP. You don't care what your constituents want. #wealthCare
Repeal.
@CahnEmily U r at 28% favorable now. If BCRA support drops support 30 points, you will NOT be safe in your seat! #STOPTrumpCare
If only I thought you'd vote in the best interest of most Americans, and not just the rich ones.
Medicare for all!!'n
As a constituent, I urge you to vote NO on this terrible bill, then sit down and work with the Dems to fix issues with ACA.  #KillTheBill
Get it done
I am a constituent and I would like for you to vote NO and work with the other side to repair existing healthcare system. Answer your phone.
We will see John, you obviously are not listening to your constituents...Get your head out of Mitch's backside.  Pay attention...
And premiums STILL won't go down!  We need EHBs to hold, pre-ex with no MEC and HSA limit increases.  Get 'er done! @SenatorCruz_
@CahnEmily Come hell or high water, John will vote. He has a vacation to take on top of doing nothing.
DAMN THE TORPEDOS!!
Ok so the August recess is for the euro with the dems because vote next week will fail
How much are you selling our healthcare for this time?
Will you share what it is you plan to vote on or do we just need to bend over & take it? #CanCornyn20 #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #NoVote
Yes.  Rush to a vote so you can start your summer break on time.  22 million uninsured Americans will thank you for all your hard work.
There's a lot of hands moving your lips these days.
Listen to your voicemails; kill the bill. Publicly work on improvements, instead of forcing half baked leg
You're going to vote for a bill that will be a bigger disaster than Hurricane Katrina in terms of lives put in jeopardy? #UJustDon'tCareDoU
I wish I could vote next week..................
How many hearings, Senator? How many hours of debate? What are you ashamed of? If this is such a wonderful bill, why the secrecy?
Will the CBO have fairly scored it by then? Will there be debate? Will ur constituents be able to weigh in?
You promised a vote before the July 4 recess too, John. Do you ever get tired of all the lies and empty promises that pop out of your mouth?

Unconscionable. Have you no soul?
Vote NAY on this bill that's TERRIBLE for Texans @JohnCornyn
VOTE NO.  Fm a constituent.
vote?  For what? Mitch and Ryan can't get impeachment through that fast.
So now u say there IS a bill? Days ago u said no bill. Now u'll vote next week?!? This is either incompetence or malpractice prob both
Cornyn is a party man. Not a patriot.
They have to rush before the country throws the GOP to the trash.
john, you're the bill kristol of trumpcare: wrong at every conceivable turn
You need to vote no on the bill. I am a veteran recently disabled and cannot afford to not have Medicare.

Vote NO. Love, TX.
Just repeal by the roots.    Then fix later.
Not 48 hrs ago, you said there was no bill. Which is it?
Trump Russia investigation
How do you think the circus created around healthcare will impact us all and how do you plan to deal w/ the consequences?
So, something important happened regarding your party leader. Any comment on that, Senator? #TrumpRussiaCollusion #trumprussia
Vote on what exactly? Didn't you just recently tweet there isn't a bill?
Impeachment must begin immediately
Yes we are all watching your push for Wealthcare and your blind eye for the embarrassing under criminal investigation WH.
How do you sleep at night knowing that you intentionally want to hurt small business and 22 million Americans so you can have a tax cut?
Please vote no.
Good to see it fail and move on then.
Yeah, this week, scratching our heads wondering WTH is happening. #RussiaGate #Russia #treason #liars
Vote NO.
Um, then why is Mitch keeping you guys hostage until middle of August?
Doesn't this bill have like 12% approval? Yet you're going to vote directly against constituents?
Vote next week? So the public will have how long to review the bill? Fuck transparency, right?
Gotta push it through before @realDonaldTrump is #impeached I guess.
when is the "Fulsome Debate" you promised???
Clean repeal. Full repeal. You owe the voters nothing less.
