Net Neutrality was one good thing Obama did. If you are a nerd in CS or IT you will get it.
as an IT nerd, net neutrality was a false bill of goods sold for feds to gain power & control
NN was a pwr grab later sold as "keeping internet free & equal." Built on a lie
yes. if I want more bandwidth I should have 2 pay 4 it. bandwidth is finite by medium
let's start w the basics: they offer a service, their competitors offer a similar service, u decide who u want 2 buy fr, simple
Doesn't net neutrality benefit the everyday Americans Trump just promised to base every decision on?
no, it doesn't. Netflix, Google et al, were using lib share& didn't want 2b the bad guy w $+
Wrong. It prevents Comcast from slowing down Netflix and speeding up own content. NN maintains fair competition.
yet fair competition existed b4 NN. U don't remember NN when it was orig proposed, I do. U wer sold bill o ly
Then they got caught and hence why Net Neutrality is needed
it wasn't bc they got "caught" doing that. NN, as in fed gov ctl, is never needed. u fx w ur $
Net neutrality is only way to keep information as freely accessible as possible.
nope. NN is gov ctrl of inet & we all know how well gov does that
Can we get ICANN back?
Back from what?
Obama gave it away to some UN-style global institution where it's vulnerable to meddling by China, Russia & assorted despots.
No. He didn't. ICANN is not UN-style, It's an organization that you -- YOU -- can join tomorrow if you want to.
it's the ambiguous "governmental agencies" that have say in it, that concerns us
Incorrect. YOU can literally join ICANN tomorrow, if you want to. Do you?
what does gov agencies across world have 2do w whether I can join? Non sequitur, sir. They still have fingers in the pie.
Yep. But you don't,unless you want to.
...uphill battle! Wish him luck
...me too
Maybe the evilomnipresentliberalSoros will buy up some ISPs and lockout ReichbarkNews and your little site, what is it again Nazi-ette or something?
net neutrality is for whiners I'm glad its going
do you realize tho isp have a choice if they want to do this. A big % Do not and prob will not.
net neutrality principles essentially an extension of antitrust since data carriers tend to have monopoly 1/2
and oligopoly mkt positions. Net neutrality fixes mkt inefficiency preserves free flow of info & ideas. 2/2
Yes, if higher internet access bills is great news?? Great news 4 big providers. Thanks @POTUS , I'll send u my bill @CNN
@Cwtkns @chicagotribune what's a weed whacker ?
how does ending net neutrality help the American middle class. @realDonaldTrump
Isn't net neutrality what keeps the internet basically free and equal?
you have to understand leftists speak in double speak.
Possibly. But we the people like our internet.
I read an article about him, & he said if Americans knew what was contained in the #NetNeutrality rules, they'd be outraged!
he should expose these heinous things then instead of casting them in fear mongering terms.
govt support of monopoly is not capitalism, its just corruption. #draintheswamp . What a sick joke.
As I'm a TRUE founder of the Internet (named as one of first 100 to make living online) he needs more than weed whacker!
This is very good news...
Choo choo all about train America on the right track after 8yrs of wrong track...rollin rollin rollin God bless POTUS
No this is a train wreck. 
And not good for working class Americans.
I love Trump, but the GOP is dead wrong on net neutrality and has zero understanding. Hopefully Trump will do right thing.
helping the people. You got scammed
I understand, you haven't taken the Red Pill yet. For some, it'll take longer.
Yeah. I already saw the damage they caused when Bush was in office. People never learned from that
Glad to have you on board. There's a reason both the GOP & DNC hate Trump, and the Bushes aren't fans.
Both parties are terrified of Trump, because he's not one of them. I didn't vote GOP, I voted Trump Party.
.@IngrahamAngle Thank you, @POTUS!  We need some net neutrality.  Congratulations, @AjitPaiFCC #MakeAmericaGreatAgain  (Day3)
Sure we do, but y r u so ecstatic about killing it, than???
Net Neutrality keeps the Internet open/free. Kill NN & you kill small businesses ability to compete! #eff
WOO HOOO! Great analogy!  More great news!
Use a Chainsaw instead! Please run in Va. @IngrahamAngle we need your Intelligence and Strength. Va. Red in 2018 #MAGA
oh do I wish he would wack you!
Is this good news or bad?  Will they monopolize it more? Will the cost go up for certain access to sites?
That's fucking horrible news. Net neutrality is the only thing that let Trump stand a chance in th first place.
Why is this great news for anyone who is not a broadband provider? You guys are nut jobs.
Are you so opposed to anything that @BarackObama did that you would kill something that benefits business & consumers?  2/
This is a bad idea...this hurts consumers and business! Only the ISPs win here...did you not know that?? 1/
-maybe he can make the MSM jump through some high hoops too!
Fantastic Now yank CNN's broadcast license.
Right.  Let's GREATLY expand the gulf between the haves and have nots.  Only the wealthy should be allowed the internet.
He needs too whack away asap
@grey_ghost47 @chicagotribune Why is that great news? Some changes are OK, but too many is dangerous. https://www.cnet.com/news/13-things-you-need-to-know-about-the-fccs-net-neutrality-regulation/ …
Laura, you obviously still use Pony Express to communicate. Hard to believe you work in digital TV.
@LindaGarriss @chicagotribune Go get them Mr. Pie, another Globalist Department that needs draining.
NET BUILT BY US,and OBAMA HANDED IT OUT TO UN TO ENFORCE OUR COMMUNICATION PLATFORM. U think UN will let u debate them w out consequences?NO
Why is this a good thing, Laura?
No Laura, it's not great news.
pros and cons!! Now some may have to pay more for same access...
Yes! Great news! Also, he nominated Cruella Deville to run the Humane Society.
Laura this actually isn't ok b/c our internet in the U.S. is garbage (putting it nicely)
@miriamusa82 Greetings Observed Together We Can
the Internet will before the rich the working person will be force off the Internet richer getting richer
take the weed wackier to those moronic protesters Saturday too. They were like chiggers in your crotch.
great news for who? Comcast?
That's not good at all.
Laura, you should have been press sec. I'd love to see you destroy these imbeciles...maybe next time!
Yes!
@AwakeAuthor Awesome! Untangling Obamas Radical tentacles is going to be a nightmare..  one day at a time..
Ajit would be a phenomenal choice
He needs to look into bundling of TV package allowing selection of news channels
as a Texan and small business owner I cannot support you if you are in favor of destroying a free internet
That's like saying "Great news — I've just been diagnosed with cancer!"
yippee
/ love  this and more proof Trump hires most qualified people, regardless of race, gender, or ethnicity.
@Darren32895836 @chicagotribune he will be a great fit
The sad thing is we have the Highest priced internet with about the slowest up and down speeds. Now this.
That just means everybody internet bill will go up
never heard of him
WTF is going on? Another conservative poster where my replies fall into a vacuum. I'm not blocked. But somehow 'nada'.
- I am thrilled!! He is young & smart. Terrific choice!
If you believe in NN, then propose we pay for data at a set rate. Providers will quickly see how much money they'll loose.
and yet I pay for it. So if they want to charge for carriage, they also have to compensate for 'non carriage'. 2/
If they change NN, fine. But then we need it to be based on all our usage. My router does nothing while I'm at work 1/
GREAT news!!
@TacticalDissent @chicagotribune 
ugh...my goodness! What a racist, Trump is! Putting in an Indian in such a high rank! (That was sarcasm)
excellent! Wish I could do multiple likes!
#GoTrump !
Rachel Maddow threatens Trump which looks like a death threat.  @FCC needs to take action.  @comcastcares
this is NOT good news. I like my internet like I like my country. FREE. This will backfire on trump.
@Stealth_Patriot @chicagotribune 
Yes yes yes yes yes ! 
@AjitPaiFCC
Better communication for all!
you're an Sshole Are you ever on the humane side of any issue. #ajitPai a 3rd worlder! @chicagotribune
@JohnCornyn @chicagotribune hopefully that is just Chicago liberal BS, right?
Net Neutrality runs a close 2nd to disarming the public.
@MaxxPALIN @chicagotribune 
AREN'T THE BROADCAST NETWORKS LICENSED BY THE FCC ? 
Yeah! More Co. monopoly online! Higher ISP fees! Less choice! Co. Censorship of content!! Just what the people want!!
@usamtndew
Thank you Laura and Senator Cornyn!
more #winning!
Laura, you're a great journalist, but please don't steal the Senate seat in Virginia from Dave Brat--he's smarter than you and we need him!
@VermillionRich @chicagotribune and hopefully revoke all fake news licenses
Trump has the opportunity to stop the media monopoly that has created the Ben Rhodes echo chamber! http://google.com/amp/247wallst .…
Any hope for defunding NPR?
not great news. I voted for trump and now he's done two stupid things already. Sigh. Internet shd be utility.
not at all, you're being Melodramatic. Don't use that word so lightly.
I don’t know much about net neutrality. Why is it bad?
guess he's a mediocre Indian now.
You are so incredibly wrong.
Won't market competition keep prices low w/out this reg? If provider charges too much consumer goes elsewhere
YES, exactly!  It's antithetical to lib left thinking.  Market=bad, govt control=get equalizer
Have you experienced "competition" with ISPs? Stop with the left/right divide.
Just asking a quest, I don't know squat abt comps, barely manage twitter lol don't know what ISP's r
Sorry, wasn't responding to you!
Again, bad for average American. He is on a tear to hurt working class.
I'VE BEEN HOPING THIS WOULD HAPPEN! DO IT!
what a child you are
Didn't net neutrality give certain controls of the web over to govt?
The communications companies will be over the moon! Make sure it works for US! But I know Pres Trump will.
Great. Change is good for progress.
@MohamedThePig @chicagotribune Man, there goes that "racist" Trump again hiring minorities 
do you even know what net neutrality is?
this is a massive blow to personal freedom and allows the government to discriminate! Net neutrality is good
now that is awesome!
Are you just trolling us? Net neutrality is important for consumers.
.@IngrahamAngle should all net traffic be treated the same?
Your side is so agains equality on any kind that you pursue an internet class-system. Bra-fuckin-vo!
#Plunder
Woo Hoo !!!!!
hammer TCPA while you at it.
@LindaSuhler @chicagotribune what is that?
@LindaSuhler @chicagotribune Is this good news? Can U.S. regain control of the Internet?
about time, has gotten totally crazy. Time for rational controls,shut dn offenders!
You're welcome! Just the next step in draining the swamp after appointing @exxonmobil's CEO and @GoldmanSachs's president.
Net neutrality means all data is treated equally. A ‘weed whacker’ will mean that some sites will now be slower, or cost more
Another pro-corporation appointment: How does this help "give power to the people?" Oh right, it doesn't. #corporategift
.@IngrahamAngle How many more alligators will fit in that swamp?  #trump #Tillerson #flynn #Sessions #DeVosHearing #Mnuchin #price #Bannon
Good tell @AjitPaiFCC to make @ATT keep their commitment to the south.
This is a bad pick if he advocates ending net neutrality.
Take your Wacker to NPR
Maybe they'll do their job now and do something about the fake news media. #notservingthepublicinterest
AmericaFirst approach
What is net neutrality?
Just attended a radio seminar this last weekend and was also told that "He's a friend to broadcasters, loves them" Good news!
Awesome pick to head FCC! #MAGA #draintheswamp
Good choice!
that's nothing great about this news, dolt. You're so irresponsible. This will only deepen the digital divide
but then, that's what you want, isn't it? To keep the less-we'll-off poor & ignorant? You are a monster.
that "great news!" Part is sarcastic right?
another awesome member for Team Trump
Yay, in just a few short years, we're gonna be paying 2x as much for the interwebs just so we can access our favorite sites tat are left...
drain the swamp.
Great news!
Digital freedom matters, a rollback is a grave blow to freedom
amazing that these folks just don't get it. Its like they want to be freedom loving slaves.
HELL WILL FREEZE OVER!!! Millennials will mobilize over this.
If you understood what the end of net neutrality would do to small business, you wouldn't be saying "Great News"!
I dislike Obama, and pro trump, but even a blind squirrel finds a nut ever once in awhile. This is disappointig
hi from australia i love your show laura
It's too bad we handed over control of ICANN.
if the UN maintainS net neutrality I support that decision.
yea aaaah
Wrong. I love you, but you're wrong on this one.
He is from my hometown, sat next to him in French Class. Was a douchebag kind of.
Thanks for the insight....
More of a trip down memory lane but thanks.
Who?
https://www.facebook.com/Laura-for-us-2018-397433603944681/ …
hope so family in no Virginia will love this 
pray he reforms retransmission laws!!! Unfair to small operators
rains force obamas to 2nd vacation destination OPM
why is taking a weed wacker to net neutrality good?  Are you and your friends greedy and like suppressing info?
I thought net neutrality was good?
Good for normal Americans, not good for ISPs like comcast who want a bigger monopoly. Gutting it also gives Gov. more power over content.
net neutrality is a good thing Laura......
Why is that good news?  It will just make the monopolies worse.
Great
nice
