Iran Contra...
are all these people tweeting Dems?
One Flew Over the Cuckoos Nest. Are we naming 45's short-term legacy? What's the game?
If you keep showing your Ass on twitter you will go down with the burning ship you call an administration
Obama's presidency was nearly spotless. Maybe if the GOP got off their ass more would have got done. Don't waste my tax money!!!
The Pacifer and Riddick were other Vin Diesel movies.
Sounds like it's time for independent investigation of Obama. And while you're at it, might be a good idea to have same for 45.
sure let's waist taxpayers money on all kinds of investigation while not getting shot done!
that's what I'm talking about. Keep fighting back John! We love you!
It's so sad when you see an "Incase you missed it" tweet from your Senator and see that he is still putting party before country
Why is the mortality rate of young mothers higher in TX than in any 3rd world nation, Senator? What is the solution?
Iran-Contra?
IRS vs the Tea Party; AP and Fox News reporters.
Not paying you to slander good men so you look less crazy.
So I understand, @gop admitting evidence support s FISA order & 45* leaked it, secret order remained secret till after election?
ate you in Russia's pocket too?
No. That describes me & many constituents. We will be FAST & FURIOUS, as we vote 4 ANYONE but U & @tedcruz come reelection.
Tell me more about Abramoff. What was your connection to Reed?
What are you taking about, Cornyn? Are you just repeating random wingnut phrases now?
Spreading disinformation and lies? How do can you provide cover for this administration and look yourself in the mirror?
Obama care! Keep doc and plan! Slush funds! Iran payment! Benghazi! $20 trillion debt and NOT one thing to show for it!
.@JohnCornyn stop trying to distract the country from the current administration's actions!! #Shamne
#SpecialProsecutor 45 is deflecting
For HOURS!
2 Fast 2 Furious, Tokyo Drift, what are you doing again?
2 Fast 2 Furious, Tokyo Drift, Fast 5, Fast and Furious 6, Furious 7, F8 of the Furious. Really picks up with 4th film.
What has to do with wiretapping?
please support independent investigation into Trump ties to Russia
i think perhaps it's your own house that needs cleaning at the moment senator
Who do you think you're kidding with that? Get serious and do your job.
Republican hero TBD will definitely not be from Texas. Too weak. SAD!
A statesman would not feed into the Russian agenda-to divide our people. Take a cue from Sen. Lindsey Graham. Lindsey Gram
ridiculous waste of time. Do your job and call for an investigation of Trump's election win due to Russian interference.
be a statesman! Stop being petty and focus on the issue at hand...safety&security&our democracy. COUNTY>PARTY
yep! It's called "Listen to your constituents - even those you don't agree with on policies and beliefs."
Please just stop. The way you follow and protect The Executive Office is embarrassing for Texas and the US.
#trumptower #russia #taxes #pussygate #rogerstone #MICHAELFLYNN #MaraLago #muslimban. In just a month. Get a grip and help us
sure, Teapot dome, Watergate, Iran Contra, Jack abromoff,tom delay, S&L, and collusion with Russia in 2016 election.
Yes trump Russia independent investigate
so your excuse is 'He did it first'? SAD
IRS, Benghazi, Hillary's emails, etc.
Iran Nuclear Deal
keep up the offensive #TX
Koskinen at IRS
We want solutions - not childish "can you name" inflammatory rhetoric. Get the investigations started now.
Transformers!
John, enough with the justifications. Democracy is under siege and you want to focus on the past? Grow up.
answer your phone, meet with your constituents, stop hiding represent the people
There are plenty.as the WHIP you need to put the pressure on ASAP
Deflect much? This is your legacy. Step away from 45 or this will be what your grandkids read about you.
as my rep, thank you for deflecting from #Trump & making my country a laughing stock. Do you have an iota of shame abt yourself?
Erovinkin, Krivov, Karlov, Melanin, Chandelon, Polshikov, Churkin, now Oronov. https://twitter.com/sarahkendzior/status/838214175717535744 … #CountryOverParty
Another Russian implicated in the Trump scandal is dead. Read the thread. https://twitter.com/th3j35t3r/status/838211155227213825 …
Obamacare! Reduce the cost of healthcare! Mine increased 3-4xs!
ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN was a good movie too.
Benghazi, IRS Lois Lerner
Glad you're interest in investigation of executive scandals is back after 5 month vacation.
Senator, investigate Obama's spying on Trump officials!!!
