But Texans expect more from you. Because y'know, you represent Texans who actually live on the border #NOWALL
2006 was more than 10 years ago
Who voted for it doesn't matter today. It is an expensive stupid idea. Other better uses of $15 BILLION.
Like what? Supporting illegals '
look who is complicit with the President and his un-American policies.
How did you vote?  Represent Texas and say "No" to the Ego Monument.
secure fence /= great wall.  You would have bipartisan support for a reasonable fence in the absence of hateful rhetoric
@CNN you are an embrassment and traitor to our country.
stop this unconstitutional ban on muslims.  Why the hell aren't you speaking up?
We are voting  you out soon, honey!
I urge you to do what's right and resist the evil policies of @POTUS
a 20% mexican import tax would cripple our state's economy. Do you support this?
How would a tax on products coming into the country hurt the Texas economy?
Jonas I don't have time to explain global economics to you so here's this
Guess you can't explain, huh!
Doug, listen to me. It is a well known fact that raising taxes like Trump is suggesting is bad for business.

I've read the text of that bill. It is nothing at all like a $40B wall. It was about border security. You know this, y mislead?
(in same nagging mom voice i use w/my tweens) i don't care what your friends do, they aren't accountable to me.
I hope you have a plan on how to pay it, because @POTUS sure doesn't and there's certainly better uses for our tax money.
what are the your view for today. SPEAK UP NOW. WE DESERVE TO KNOW
Why not defend it on its merits rather than saying "look who else..."? Why are you doing this to Texas and our friends in MX?
Not the same thing as the #fuckingwall. You are just deflecting from the terrible effect this tariff would have on #texas.
We don't use alternative facts in Texas. A fence is not a wall. Are you voting for our kids or DeVos?
Yes and so did you. SHAME on all of you. #NoBanNoWall
shouldn't you be speaking up AGAINST this madman?
at least it was voted on senator.....please turn your phones on, would love to discuss this issue with you or staff.
Answer the phone  Senator.
I'm a constituent and This is ridiculous. The PEOPLE of Texas don't want this.
H.R. 6061 was for increased surveillance and infrastructure, not a ridiculous boondoggle wall that will never be finished
the secure fence act doesn't request a wall along the entire border. Apples and oranges.
Senator, building a fence is not going to solve the problem. You need to go after the employers that are hiring illegals.
As a Texan, I am ashamed that you and @TedCruz hold our state's seats. Your time as a Texas senators is limited. I will vote you both out.
want to make American safer? ask why drug companies were allowed to sell enough OxyContin to create a new generation of addicts!
the desperate, the ruthless or those with enough money to lose will find a way over, under or around.
Are you proud you voted for this bill???  Just a yes or no answer tweeted back would be appreciated.
what about the #MuslimBan? What are you doing about that? As one of your constituents, I'd like to know #NoBanNoWall
Do you support using #eminentDomain to claim Texans' private land too?
Representatives CUT Service Members' housing stipends in 1/2! But FOR spending on this wall! Priorities?!
How does this justify the tax? Do you serve the people or party?
a wall and tariffs will hurt farmers and ranchers in Texas panhandle. GOP is more imp. to you than Texans! 
A 10 year old piece of legislation is supposed to prove something? Things change in 10 years.
Number of illegal immigrants from Mexico in the US, for example, has declined since 2006. Even though the fence was abandoned.
and you're proud of this?
you have to account for your own actions.
Including yourself, hypocrite. This is not a game!
your days in the senate  are numbered if you support the Muslim ban and wall.
you are a bigot and will stand on the wrong side of history. You are no man. Stand up to Trump
Don't distract with Schumer. You must answer to your constituents. Please tell me how the fence will impact the Texas economy.
Was that '06? We now have net zero migration from Mexico. Times change. So you think it's a bad idea?
Schumer does have a nasty habit of trying to work with republicans, if he doesnt change he will be thrown out with you.
thank you.  For standing tall.  will share the info.
Where's u r voice coward? I'm a constituent. I'm ashamed of all of you. I fear what R Party has become. Not afraid of Muslims.
@POTUS Problm w/NAFTA, WTO, CAFTA. TPP, etc is -small mfg, f/fwders, NVOCCs, brokers, & OTIs were represented by CORRUPT ATTYS
what do you want as fucking pat on the back? Or just have @POTUS bend you over? #MuslimBanProtest
the fence is an unnecessary burden on Americans.
what is GOP plan to aid Mex and C.Amer countries to reduce their emmigrants to U.S.? Wall will not address real issues. Work4TX.
what is GOP plan to reduce demand for drugs in USA? If it invloves education, embrace it. No anti-intellectualism on drugs.
.@JohnCornyn see, it looks like you're calling him out to shame him, but you also voted for it. So what's your game here?
last I checked Schumer represents NY.  You, on the other hand, represent Texas. Your vote matters here, not Schumer's.
I don't care about 11 years ago. I care about right now. Today. What are YOU doing to protect Texas citizens? Stand up to Trump!
what's the point of dragging dems into this?  If you support it, make the case Texans on why we should pay for it.
Look who's violating the constitution today. Pretty sure he is sitting in he WH right now. Do you place our democracy before politics?
Look at all those people who should be ashamed.
You know border wall spending is least effective highest cost. Also know anti NAFTA/MEX hurts TX most. Pls stand up 4 us instead
you should have asked your constituents what they wanted.....#NOWALL
what exactly is your fucking point posting a bill from 2006?  Stop enabling this dictator or we will vote you OUT !
Big difference between the SFA and a wall running the entire length of the border.
Finger pointing is childish and will not win supporters to your side. #nobannowall
Senator do you believe that the 2006 Border Fence Act you reference helped curb illegal immigration, drugs and terrorist influx?
none of my left leaning friends believed me, none, when I said the law already exists & Obama, Hillary & Schumer voted for it.
With cuts in over spending in other Depts & reallocation of funding it can be paid for No more AMERICAN $ to Syrian "rebels"
The way Eur is being over run It is even more imperative to have increased security wall, fencing, drones, man-power whatever
don't be a "whataboutist" you can do the right thing without pointing fingers.
Be a statesman. Stop this partisan talk. This is from 2006 and was sensible. Different and you know it. Don't be disingenuous.
Why don't you make Trump post a bond? Why would you let him fuck us taxpayers? This isn't Trump University.
@twright55 a typical career politician. Never does what is right for the American people, follows agenda that is ever changing $
@twright55 schmucky is a fool.
Yeah, in 2006!  NOT for what is happening now!  Stop misleading the public.  #NoBanNoWall @chuckschumer
OVER A DECADE AGO!

Confront Trump! Get his taxes! Order him a full psychological evaluation! Stop him!
If you met this baby right now, you'd talk to her about a 2006 vote? Very telling, sir. VERY telling. @LMFronckowiak
Big difference between 1941 and 2017.not comparable totally different situations
By all means, continue to believe that. It certainly is your right.
Look a bad idea stayed a bad idea even though liberals voted for it.
Stand up and have values for once. Trump is against conservative principles and ruining R party. Were you elected legitimately??
Look who said he was for fiscal responsibility and now supports a $14 billion dollar waste of out tax dollars.
Quite a few Texans do not consider it a "waste". Unlike the $75 bil in MediCare fraud last year (that's waste)
That didn't require eminent domain thru ranchers land to this extent, or cutting thru a nat'l park - or this much $$!
The law wasn't funded then. $$ not part of it. Nothing in eminent domain either. Where does ur info come from?
John, that was in a different time. Don't waste our taxpayer $ on that #fuckingwall
