your Twitter presence is annoyingly vague
Not vague at all. He is solidly up Trump's ass.
not a patriot. Thinks we've all forgotten the last 8 yrs, imagine a D prez doing 1/100th of this shit?
Exactly!
Hey does your cryptic tweet mean u think the Russian thing is real?Some of us have told u that for weeks. Do a town hall&we will fill u in!
So are you going to investigate #TrumpRussia? Or will you continue to vote against the demands of your constituents? #NoGorsuch
I SERIOUSLY cannot believe u tweeted this! What is WRONG w u?
I'm appalled Gorsuch plagiarized! Not in a Supreme Court Justice! Lying isn't an option. Serious stuff. Replace nominee now! Nuclear NO! 60!
Breitbart is a cancer on our democracy.
The founder of Breitbart, Bannon, was running our country with Trump and you said nothing!
And so therefore ....?
@JohnCornyn Never in my lifetime We must fight!! If u live in Tarrant County tweet @TCI2017 Join Us...We must resist
Don't live in Tarrant Co. but McLennan Co. the entire state wants this dude out in 2020. It's time Texas turn red with our furious anger!
So, what are your thoughts on Bannon? What was your purpose for posting this? Can we ask these questions at a town hall? /s/ A Constituent
The GOP just loves Putin and Russia
That should make you happy since you have such admiration for Putin. #Townhall #Coward
Hey John! You waiting on Putin to get back to the GOP to let you know how you feel about this?
@JoeNBC @morningmika @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump   Senator, please tell me you don't follow any of the current or former .....
...Breitbartzi .  I suppose you also follow Alex Jones too?
You starting to connect the dots yet John?
I think he's one of the dots 
Hello?!?!  Are you seeing the trail of clues or are they paying you to look stupid too?
Soooo, how does this help us understand your point? Your SA office again has no idea if you will be in office over Easter. Odd. Hiding?
Friend of yours?
And another works in the White House. Coincidence?
1st#CountryOverParty@GOP#Russia #Patriot @GeorgeTakei @Rosie @SenateGOP @SenateDems @HouseGOP @HouseDemocrats #IndependentInvestigation
@janepalmer1  @seahale @SteffShep
And you sent this out to prove you are complicit with Trump? That you approve of Russia messing with our elections?
What is going on here. Sounds scary
Really? We have all the bs going on. You're tweeting this? DON'T GO NUCLEAR! Stick with tradition. America needs some sanity now! Patriotism
Thank you @JohnCornyn for having the courage to shine a light on this. Political disagreements aside.
Yes. This is who supports you and your president.
finally coming around that the Russian ties in our white house need to be investigated?  Why not just say that?
So? What's your point?
Gorsuch PLAGIARISM? A Supreme Court Justice lying? This is very serious stuff Cornyn. Not only once either. Get another candidate! 60 votes!
Sadly, I think you're applauding him & trying to persuade Texans to love Russians as much as @GOP seems to. It won't work.
April Fool's Day is over
While I always suspected you were stupid, this removes all doubt.
I'm sure you like this. Thinking you would rather have Government run News than way it is now
A former Breitbart guy just left the NSC. Speaking of which, when's the town hall in your home state? Will I read about it on Breitbart?
I honestly don't know why you posted this. How does this help your constituents? I think we've had enough Breitbart & Russia from your ilk.
Ur  prez put Brietbart chief on NSA. Cut ur losses. Release trumps taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence of trump
Americans deserve to know how Russia influence our election. Waiting Senator for u to take action.
Trump,  Breitbart,  Russia.  John,  are they holding you in Russia?   Is this code for needing help?
and what do you think about it, @JohnCornyn ?
Follow the giant bread crumbs and you'll find #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #DoYourJob #resist
Are you stoned or just an ignorant hypocrite? #cowardcornyn . Garland hearing?
Right up your alley, Johnny DeVos. We won't forget.
This administration has deep ties to Russia, yet you continue to support it.  Texas voters won't forget. #trumprussia
OK @JohnCornyn, that is disturbing.  Not sure what your stand on it is based on this tweet. Are you endorsing or opposing?
@CongCulberson posts Breitbart articles to his social media. Please share this with him unless he is working for Russia too
Thanks so much for the update... just noticing a connection huh?
Right. Brietbart & Russian propaganda are aligned. So... why are you tweeting this? Seems odd for you.
Wow, we got more live Russians than Russia these days.
Are the lights starting to come on?
I am one of your constituents & I have no clue why u sent this.  Have a town hall on recess & explain this & other issues
this isn't all on Breitbart/Bannon, John. That is not where the story ends. #Trumprussia
Weird, huh?
Bannon & Breitbart need to be removed from any position of influence in our government.
You don't even get it...Brietbart=Bannon=Russia=#Trumprussia = TREASON = @GOP Complicit or participated, failed America as a Senator=Cornyn
Making a connection here, Big John?
You should do town hall juanito I'm sure the fine folks here in Montgomery county would have many questions for you.
Good.. I know you're my Senator who has integrity.. I hope this means you see a troubling connection.
Or are you advertising for them? I hope not ...
So when something from Breitbart appears in the Washington Examiner, will you scrutinize it more carefully?
So are you outraged by all of this yet?
Let me help you, there's this thing going on where ppl are concerned about the Trump ties to Russia. So this is suspicious. Thoughts John..?
Interesting that you would try to draw attention to this. Are you waking up?
Hope you're not surprised, Senator.
.Senator, it would be nice to know where you stand here. Not that it makes a bit of difference, but it would be nice.
Are you trying to get yourself a booking?
Is it wed? Did I forget? Here you go...#CornynJokeoftheDay
Surprising? NOT! Catch up john! Trump is next!
Logical progression. Maybe we can get Bannon another job with the Russians.
.Deat Sen. Cornyn: Does your RT mean you finally see it? #silentcoup
What is your position on this development?
I am one of your constituents. Russia is a serious threat and has already damaged our democracy with their meddling in our election. 1/
why are you posting this?
Why are you tweeting out this article? Do you have a position or comments you'd like to share w/ your constituents?
JOHN IS A RINO VOTE HIM OUT!
I suck at being clever. C'mon folks. He's begging for a bunch of "A former X will do Y for Z."
This is totally normal.
Lee is a good journalist, this is a shockingly terrible career move.
Does this mean you're going to start realizing Breitbart is using #Duginism to fuse conservatism for Putin's means?

#RussianHacking #PsychologicalWarfare Not many might say this, but #Breitbart helped them... Here's how... 
So...how do you feel about this? Did you read the article this time?
So?
AMERICAN right wing media people working for the Russian government in order to advance Russian interests doesn't bother you?
It's called free speech so no I don't have a problem with it. Do you think the US doesn't have people pushing our agenda in Russia?
Patriots don't push another country's agenda. Period. 

Christ.
So THIS!
