- you can continue tweeting garbage no one buys or you can face real facts: AHCA ain't gonna pass Sen. Fix ACA/go single payer
Only a career politician like @JohnCornyn would be so insulated from the facts.
Not being able to afford health care is not a choice.  YOU are dealing in your own alternative facts.
Price recommended toe head of the CBO. Stop lying with your one sided fake news piece. #liar
Bullshit as usual. Your replacement is just a tax cut for people like you. Texas Constituent.
Why are you anti-American? Why do you support a plan that will hurt Americans? Why do you value greed above compassion?
perhaps the Republican healthcare plan using Alternative Facts, not CBO
Just how do these qualify as “Alternate Facts”?  It is a forecast based on current data and open for discussion. AFs? Please...
did the math myself sir. It does not add up. Math is not an alternative facts, math is math. I wish TX could vote you out now
did you just actually post "alternative facts"
Its a tax rebate to the top !% nothing else
Meals on Wheels is getting cut out of federal funding. Does anyone at the @GOP have a heart left beating in them?
You have lost all credibility, honesty, and sense of decency. I will tirelessly work to see you and Ted lose your reelection.
I am not sure who is running against you in 2020, but I hope they are screenshotting all of your asinine tweets.
.@JohnCornyn again you fail to address why insurance companies were "fleeing" the exchanges. Like Aetna who used it as a negotiating tactic.
.@JohnCornyn If you wish to be reelected in 2020, you must come up with a humane & sane budget to replace Pres Trump's proposed budget.
Please be honest & decent. Your party picked CBO head. Texans will die if this bill is passed. Show some mercy.
give up taxpayer insurance and you'll join TRUMPcare! #fakecongress #unpatriotic #DOYOURJOB for Texans not GOP!
alternate facts? Really?
who pays for medical care for those people who do not want to pay for insurance?
stop trying to justify your support for taking programs from the poor and elderly.
alternate facts?  Really?  We've got our stealth microwave camera watching you...
.@JohnCornyn Just tweak the existing ACA and move on.
what has happen to you? You used to be an intelligent guy. Now you fall for every nutjob conspiracy theory!
how about instead of scapegoating you present a real plan
Now you're quoting National Review? Oy. No bias there eh
when you be a statesman and address Trumps lies and propaganda.
YOU get your "news" from National Review"?  You are a #Fraud, Cornyn.
we all support your alternative lifestyle, just not "alternative facts" #safespace
Anyone who aligns with the Liar in Chief doesn't get to dispute facts.  You're a sell-out and an embarrassment to Texas.
woke up today thinking if he applied #alternativefacts to actual facts, he'd score a win. Kinda like if ProgressiveFlo rapped
Exactly how open are you to Americans in need?
I think you have confused yourself about what are alternative facts. You can't lie forever, TXn's will die in great #'s w/o AHC
If it comes from the GOP, we know it's #AlternativeFacts. The CBO on the other hand, produces real facts. #DumpTrumpCare
I guess you don't care that rogue judges are stripping President Trump of his Constitutional Authorities? Stop the coup attempt!
oh my God, how do you sleep at night?!
How about you do what you said you were going to do. Repeal Obamacare and build the fricken Wall!!!! Quit being a liar.
Do you actullay believe the information you are tweeting or are you just toeing the @GOP line? Just sad either way.
the only alt facts are the Republican lies!
you are truly unbelievable.
You have had YRS to write something better. Get with your buddies and do it.
From the Master of Alternative Facts. Your constituency have memories, Senator, but no town halls. Why is that?
GOP picked the CBO. AHCA is ya'lls baby. Ya'll own it. And you're still deflecting. #investigatetrump #trumprussia
it wasn't alternative before. Why now?
Are you referring, sir, to the non-partisan CBO with "congressional" in the name, in a Congress controlled by the GOP majority?
I see what you did there. Alternate not alternative very clever jackass
I've started following @JohnCornyn in January, and I have yet to see one positive twitter comment from a constituent.
His social media intern is a character from "I Have No Mouth, and I Must Scream"
interesting reference, great game
Republican Healthcare is a tax break for the rich only
The dude you voted for literally appointed the head of the CBO. Try again.
"@MerriamWebster A fact is a piece of information presented as having objective reality. https://www.
http://merriam-webster.com/news-trend-watch/conway-alternative-facts-20170122 … 
… @JohnCornyn
still aligning yourself with corrupt old rich white guys? Best you can do is say it's an alternative fact? Sad!
Obamacare was key to keeping rates down, but we won't solve the HC issue without addressing the rising costs of HC first.
shld regulate exec pay! Top 5 Centene execs compensated over 40.5 million in 2015. Why shld they profit off my sickness?
When was the last time you had to shop for health insurance?

your point is CBO underestimates =AHCA no's going to get worse?
You do realize that alternative facts aren't facts, right?!?
You could actually fix this problem, instead of repealing and intentionally making it worse. The CBO is not the enemy.
You continue to disappoint with broadstroke criticisms and no sustenance that actually benefits your constituents. #gonein2020
stop justifying  your corrupt agenda .
It's official. As your employer I demand you stop tweeting bullshit and get to work saving our god damn country from 45.

Takeaways from Trump's budget so far:

1. Cuts nutrition assistance for women, infants & children while eliminating meals on wheels entirely
blah blah blah
CBO: 24 million will insurance. WH: 26 million will lose insurance. Maybe NRO is the 'alternate fact" problem here.
Wanna add in the additional facts, like when Repub's repealed it and Insurance companies starting running??
I would really like to see you and other politicians stop tweeting so much and start working. Actions speak louder than words!
No plan is going to fix that unless you FORCE insurance companies to offer coverage by making health insurance a RIGHT.
how do sleep at night? your report card says “does not work or play well with others”
I am so sorry, you're having such a difficult time yanking insurance away from your constituents. Poor you.
Now you want to discredit CBO? What a joke! #resist
Alternative facts? Let's  discuss AF that you're American/Christian? In '05 you guys could hardly wait for the CBO report. Fact!
Weak argument sir
Any reform must apply to US citizens only and not illegal immigrants
We cannot afford to insure 11 million illegal immigrants plus the millions federal judges want to import here.
they don't get insurance.  Good grief
attacking a bipartisan group seemed below you... guess not.
