Even the protest, at the townhouse are all fake. This is the 32,000 agitators that Obama has. They are all paid for.
anxiety due to the trampling of our first amendment
Of course we're bloody anxious. A narcissistic child hijacked your party, and now the country, and threatens civilization.
I am fed up with being ignored by both parties. You work for all the people not just those who
When and Where is your Town Hall, Johnny? Stop dodging your constituents
I sure hope a 20 y o intern runs this acct b c I hate to think a mature US senator is responsible for sharing this .
voted for you. You should be doing what's best for the country and not what's best for your party.
is there a point here we don't know?  Yes, I'm anxious (though not a Democrat, like that matters). We need to be heard
Of course we are anxious, you refuse to do your job and Russia is in the house. #Taxes
YOU make the fury!!  Coward face your constituents!!  Where is our improved healthcare you have been. Itching about?
I will admit to anxiety: we have WH & GOP who either deny our existence or try to play it off as left wing hysteria.
Agreed. As if we are children having a tantrum. Just ignore them. We need organization.
I guess vomiting could b anxiety. I'm no healthcare provider, so I wouldn't know. Maybe it's an allergic reaction 2 U?
Our government is being run by Bannon, corrupt kleptocrats & GOP enablers. Hell ya we are anxious! You should be too.
No masking involved. Anxious abt US direction. Furious abt representatives refusing to meet with us. Not rocket sci
Yes. All of us are worried #45 is gonna get us all killed. Or worse.
but fear won't paralyze us, it will motivate us to get people like you, who forget constituents, out of office 
defend 1st amendment agsinst trump. Get trumps taxes released. Bannon wants to do away with the gop too. U aren't in his plan
You are so committed to mocking across the aisle instead of reaching across the aisle. You're not listening to your constituents
No, it is Independent and Democratic intensity over the abnormal policies coming from DC!
watch only the Democratic Party at your peril. The national resolve to rid us of the GOP goes way beyond “democrats”
we need to feel like our elected officials represent us, and sir YOU DO NOT represent me. I'm an independent, I vote!
As my Senator, you are refusing to respect the Office to which you were elected. You should resign or do your job!
Nope. No anxiety here. Just determination to vote you @tedcruz & @LamarSmithTX21 out of office  @TX21Indivisible
We're not anxious we're furious. Hold a #TownHall, stop trying to avoid yr constits, & #DoYourJob
R we now talking about masks? Good! Why don't U rip the mask off that sham of a White House? GET 2 WORK & investigate!
listen to your voters senator
Of course we're anxious, senator. We actually care about the welfare of others. Let's have a town hall to discuss it.
You need to be paying attention to your constituents. Town hall #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS #iamnotpaid 75831
stop blaming democrats. There's also conservative and republicans that are angry
They have lost the plot and haven't a clue what to do OTHER than protest. No solutions, just tantrums & obstruction.
Like your anxiety hiding from your constituents? Town hall now!
No, it masks our determination to win next time. We are your constituents, too, even if we didn't vote for you. Remember.
independent & damn anxious about GOP collaborators. Will join Dems and disgusted Republicans. Now hope media exposes all of you
I am not a democrat and I am anxious as hell that YOU will not talk to your constituents. You're tone deaf Sir
so if your point sharing this is to laugh at non-Republicans for being anxious, I'll admit, I'm scared to death. Laugh
that, senator, is why we are upset.  Turn your phones back on and listen to the people.
Republicans are choosing special interests, which have paid them lots of $ vs. constituents who pay their salaries benefits etc
Intense anxiety about our crazy reps/pres. If you aren't angry you arent paying attention.
Republicans are choosing party over country when their leader is clearly corrupt, and they continue to enable him.
Republicans can put an immediate stop to our anxiety by denouncing Trump and all his scandals that are destructive to America.
Anxiety about the  hateful direction our country is headed is not news. The question is what are YOU doing to help?!?!
we r furious because we want u to lead us! Senator, give Texans a reason to rally behind u.
Please! Country over party. U can play ur stupid games another time. We cant gamble w/our freedom. Trump is not a R!!
It doesn't mask it, it displays it. Why do you have such a twisted mind?
I have anxiety, because bellends like you don't give two shits about our health. How about a town hall?
, ignore us at your peril.
“The Trump win,” he said, “basically repudiated every value that young people have in this country,[...]:
It's odd that you seem to equate the resistance with Ds. This isn't about party; it's about the demagogue in the WH.
If you aren't afraid that Donald Trump is going to fuck everything up, you aren't paying attention.
Why are you doing nothing to quell the fury and anxiety of your constituents?  We need your help and we are getting nothing.
If you talked to constituents you would know better, we are furious at #PutinParrot and your bootlicking #trumprussia
what masks your cowardice for not having a town hall?  Gross ignorance and denial?
Don't worry my #anxiety isn't masking my #fury  Both are out on full display  #RighteousAngerIsOK
If you don't make sure about his Russian collaboration, you might find yourself anxious as well, Bub.
Let's have #townhall and discuss why #TXvoters feel uncomfortable with #crazyrepublicangovernment It will be fun, promise!
You should be anxious, too, about your Fascist leader. "Intense anxiety" quite motivating!
Any #saneperson is #anxiousandangry watching #thisrepublicanpresident attempt to govern and failing miserably
we want a government who represents the American people not a party (gang) who are for those who pay them the most
so Focus independent Russia Trump investigation make it public
Unfortunately, since #ImNotAPaidProtestor I don't take marching orders from DNC. I'm anxious and angry all on my own.
Not about Dems vs reps any longer...this is about upholding US democracy for all. Please see that, it is reality.
- not paid nor anxious. Engaged, paying attn & holding your feet (and that of all in power) to the fire every step of the way!
You misunderstand. Anxiety is caused by watching #insanerepublican govt dismantle societal protections. #RighteousAngerIsOK
Also @JohnCornyn by citing an @politico article are you citing the very "fake news" being proclaimed by DT? Hmmm? So is it news or not?
did you read through the entire article? That "anxiety" is also fueling important progress. @politico
so if we are nothing but grassroots angry ppl with no party why do u care?? Hold a town hall and lets see ur followers
if you think democrats are the only furious Americans, you are mentally unfit for your job
the silver lining of 45: we are awake, energized.  No more cruise control-prove yourself or you are out!
No anxiety just fury for having a President elected by a minority of voters & Congress who won't keep him in check
Hi!  I'm from S.TX--let's stop trying to diminish or dismiss the countless constituents who  want to meet with you @politico
you should tweet when you'll be in town.  I found out you were here this week a day too late. @politico
Sir, @realdonaldtrump is not mentally stable. As a Democrat, I could have accepted any other Republican president, but not him.
Anxiety that GOP is helping its leader turn our democratic republic into authoritarian kleptocracy.
Grass-roots fury masks intense Democratic anxiety  http://politi.co/2muEOSr 
I'll admit my anxiety, abt consequences of R's & Trump's actions to long term health & safety of my kids.
There you go, bad mouthing Democrats again.
The PEOPLE are angry. Not just Democrats! Missed you at the townhall....
keep up the good work ignore the haters who want to change Tex into California
anything good the Dems hate your on the right track when they scream and act foolish and hateful
they're your constituents too
You're afraid to meet with us. Repugs lie about a grassroots movement of voters tell us all we need to know. #cowards #townhall
posting article masks @JohnCornyn intense feelings of party over country, of power regardless of constituents concerns
Only an arrogant establishment beaurecrat  who's safe until 2020 mocks his own voters.
This is who high level GOP @JohnCornyn chose to quote. Spicer, et al, have no power outside WH.
Why would you post this, obviously in a partisan manner, and then  refuse to meet with your constituents?  Town Hall, John.
yo John, this doesn't distract us from you not demanding tax returns/investigating WH-Russian ties
our fury will be the end of you. You can't ignore the constituents that don't agree with you.
I've got just what they need.
Fact-light Trump antics worry many beyond Democrats esp in Texas. MEXICO campaign slogan nonsense could do damage here
Bruh, did you even read that story?
oh the horror! Engaged citizens! So when's your town hall again?
Look at you tweeting a politico article when it "suits" you.
I like how Burr and Nunes both GOP are covering up for Trump to the media You have no plans to investigate Trump tell the truth
.@JohnCornyn Everything this administration is doing–much of which you voted for–is wrong and un-American. We're anxious for the country!
tell me what republicans are doing. What are YOU doing.
we're anxious b/c you're a 45 puppet. #Traitor
isn't this one of the sources your party's leader kicked out and called fake news? Is he aware you read it?
Feel our fury. #CanCornyn2020
Your denials are a piss-poor mask of GOP pants-shitting fear. Stop insulting us, sir. My Independent fury grows.
Who will the fury turn on? The party in power? Would that be you? turn the tide. independent investigation.
All staged by Soros $...To destroy us and make us a 3rd world country.
Keep thinking that if it helps you sleep at night. 
It doesn't have to do with being democrat or republican. I'm a concerned AMERICAN!
This is not going to end well for your legacy, John. Underestimate us at your peril. Russia isn't our friend.
LOL anxiety? Nah. We're just patriots fighting for our country from people like you.  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
you are missing the important part of this story the fury not Democrats. PAY ATTENTION
Democrats are focused only on themselves, not the country. They really believe that only they can run the country.
Maybe they're seeing how the GOP runs things and realize it sucks balls?
I just don't understand your tweet. Ds are fighting for rights for everyone. GOP policies exclude and harm real people.
Everyone should have anxiety with this anti-American regime. You think you're seat is safe in TX, but Trump policies hurt TX.
hold a town hall
We live in a country that doesn't vote for politicians. We vote against them. You are part of them.#2018
what a garbage article. Sure keep ignoring the humongous wave of political engagement in #Indivisible, keep thinking it's all Ds
ignore democrats and rhinos, focus on being a republican
you don't need a political affiliation to be anxious about you, Trump, and the trillion dollar cabinet wrecking the US
Listen to the People! #IMPEACH45
is it masking or is it reflective of anxiety?  The words and actions of 45, combined w/no ACA GOP plan cause anxiety.
Key take away is "grass-roots fury." Who do you think is gonna be targeted by that fury? I'm thinking of a blue Texas.  EXCITED!
.... NYT, Politico...might a CNN share be next?
....Who gives a RAT AZZ ABOUT INMIGRATION....Where is the money....


