With high taxes & so many regulations the liberals democrats have almost destroyed the state of California , here comes the help #Enough
Maybe corporations, but not necessarily people. And corporations aren't people - in terms of living quality you have a ways to go.
I used to love to visit California at less twice a year. I never want to go back. I feel it's not safe anymore having a Southern accent.
Funny. Many Coastal folk feel the same in the South, but the South has laws to support some less equitable protections.
I'm a conservative, but I need to point out that Texas ranks 9th in percentage of minimum wage jobs. California ranks in the bottom 3.
Ha! Like businesses factor in cost of living when determining what to pay employees.  You're a funny one!
Good comeback.  In Texas, there are millions who work full time and can't afford housing, even with our lower cost (standard) of living.
Funny bc #shamefulgop is ruining Texas. The absurdity of the bills $ is being wasted on to discriminate against others is disgusting.
Texas puts billionaires above its own people. Screw the everyday joe, let corporate profis soar. $ goes for more homes/jets/jewelery not job
Makes you wonder. Who'll destroy California first? Liberals or North Korea?
This is idiotic
Look at all places governed by Demon-crates: Chicago is a mess, New Orleans, Detroit. Those places are the definition of insanity.
And yet all the red states are most reliant on Federal subsidies. Also least healthy and lowest educated. Ain't that interesting?
Why then does California  rank 6th largest economy compared to all the nations on the planet?
Spin.
Upsetting CEO's is not problem for me.
Vets live on the street in #texas & everywhere else. Sad
That's weird. I'm on a project in California right now, and the economy is thriving! Don't get out of the state much, do you?
Since TX ranks LAST in # of insured citizens, thanks to your horrible leadership via @GallupNews; I'm gonna need sources,please.
Abbot, you'll be voted out for literally being completely hateful and pretending to be T by signing stupid "where r your papers" Bill.
Haha. U goobers retweeted a d-list actor known for being in his underwear...Hahahahahah.  Dorks!
Good!  Californians are protected from CEOs by our state gov't, which offers greater protections than fed gov't in many areas. Great place!
Funny, in lieu of providing data, raging racist @GovAbbott RTs @antoniosabotojr when his policies would ensure he'd get asked for papers.
Problem is all these California companies aren't employing Texans. They are bringing Californians with them to fill the jobs.
I do believe Houston Chronicle editorial was titled: Mediocrity in Austin. Nuff said.  #texlege
.@GregAbbott_TX @JohnCornyn #txlege Texas economy has gone from 3rd to 21st in the country under your reign.
And John / Greg, your partisan BS just further divides a nation. You are in your positions to better America ... remember that.
Balance is key Greg. Swinging the pendulum too far the other way places both citizens and environment at risk. Not something to gloat about.
Median Household Income: California $63,600, Texas $56,500
Doesn't California have a larger economy than most industrialized nations?
Population Below Poverty Line: California 13.9%, Texas 14.7%
Average Wage Growth: California 1.5%, Texas 0.2%
Unemployment: California 4.9%, Texas 5.0%
Too bad Texas is being ruined by bigoted nincompoops who want t steal the vote fr brown n black folk. Also, last place in women's mortality.
Our economy has gone for 3rd best to 31st under your watch. Really want to tout your success as gov? #txdeservesbetter
This rt is awfully sad.
End the gerrymandering. Texas deserves better.
Yet no one wants to live in Texas.
CA has faster growth, higher wages, better education, lower unemployment, and bigger rainy day fund.

Only politicians care what CEOs think.
No
Antonio Sabato Jr is quite the expert, I'm sure.
@JohnCornyn @antoniosabatojr it wouldn't have anything to do with the large tax abatements they get, would it
You're seriously quoting a model??? Sheesh
Thank You Mr Abbott 
Along w/ the Love of Illegals ; & Karma Galore, as the Weather You Reap can't Be Blamed on Climate Change
@antoniosabatojr Texas worst in country for nursing home abuse and neglect due to med malpractice cap. Kickbacks involved?  Possible
So is your priority people or BUSINESSES?  But if illegals had 500k to invest in a Trump property then they get a free greencard? Fair??
@antoniosabatojr California is the 6th best economy in the world all by itself. Texas can't even make top 20
Lure Silicon Valley business!
I've been there recently. False. Propaganda.
Doesn't mean we want California Liberals in Texas!!!!!!
Couldn't happen to a a better state. Californians deserve what they get.
@antoniosabatojr Our AltReich governor is now retweeting Antonio Sabatto, Jr.   This is how debased the GOP is now. #LOL
Beware the Californian relocating to your state, must undergo intensive assimilation training
Plus- they have huge tech companies there which drive up the cost- along with the amount of people who move there
Taxes are high because so many people move there .. it's starting to happen here too
@antoniosabatojr @GregAbbott_TX .. and when & where we don't fight back, those same Progs are killing the American dream as well ..
Quoting a right-wing moron who you'd happily fight to deport if his politics didn't support yours, huh? Smart. Nobody will see through that.
Let's see... He's been married twice and has two children with two women he never maried. Another staunch practitioner of GOP family values.
Why is .@GregAbbott_TX quoting an illiterate actor?
Meanwhile, everyone in California is like wtf are you talking about this is literally paradise and you live in Texas. #NoBrainer
But they are kicking our economic butts governor. Read the real facts.  We only wish we could be California .
You've done exactly nothing for the Texas economy. Oil drives the Texas economy while you fear monger, hate and expand racism. Awful.
@antoniosabatojr 
left CA in 92, made my $$ in Houston, retired in FL! CA is awful! I'll never return, I am CA native! Sad.
Bad mouthing another state is what leadership is Abbott?
Thank you for everything you do for Texans. So proud to call you Governor.  Wasn't born in Texas but I got here as soon as I could
Oh yes there is!
It's always been a better business environment in Tx.  California is where they land to gain the snobbery status!!!
And don't pay any attention to those quoting Governor Moonbeam!
Hope @antoniosabatojr does indeed run for office in wretched CA! Best wishes to him!
And yet their economy is doing substantially better than ours.
Yes but those who more here from cal most likely will bring their voting habits here too. Red to purple then blue.
Isn't California where the "elites" live though? CEOs rank Texas #1 because labor is so cheap here.
Do not fight efforts to legalize marijuana. Just like Prohibition, you will be on the losing side of history.
@ed_hooley @antoniosabatojr Antonio run for governor #MAGA
Please do not encourage them to come here.  It is already bad enough in most our major cities.
All the places in the US that are in financial straits all have socialism in common. Can't believe redistribution is even legal.
#AntonioSabato is just another #lying #politician. His statement is false. Even with more regs #California businesses more profitable
The Late Great Golden State RUINED by LIBIDIOT demoRATS and their beloved criminal illegal SCUM.
Beautiful state bad politics.
California is not our rival.
Just what regulations are you referring to????
Well your bathroom bill will fix that! I dont blame them... who wants to do business with racists, homophobes!!
California's economy is booming and the ACA market is robust. Gov. Brown has set a standard for  that Texas has yet to reach.
@antoniosabatojr notice those CEO's choose to live in California
@antoniosabatojr Cali last year created the most jobs of any state,483,000, more than the states of Florida & Texas combined
Yeah well, as long as businesses are happy, that's all that matters.  Screw the people.
Not for their employees when our schools are ranked so low (43 out of 50)  and our legislature is so horribly prejudice. #shame
Your inferiority complex with California is cute. It's like small hands syndrome
Telling yourself that, Preacher!
I was born in so cal and moved to Texas as an adult...COL on west coast is too expensive and life too dangerous, rising crime rate, politics
Ranked best by whom? You?
@fox7austin 
importing liberals... bad policy
@fox7austin 
Doing business maybe, owning property... same.
You just retweeted @antoniosabatojr sorry, you lose all credibility now.
Thats a lie
what a shameful commentary on your tenure as governor!
Texas should be a top in ALL categories if we had leaders who focused on the right things. Quality education not useless bathroom law.
Hulu, a $6BILLION a year business gut kickbacks of $1.2Million.
One company got to blow up a whole town, dUE to ur "No Regs"
HOW CAN YOU WORK AT EVERYTHING ELSE BUT LET THE CULT DEVIL WORSHIPERS RULE YOU???
The CA  Governor on down pander to the lowest common denominator ignorance & illegals....costing citizens millions if not billions
Who are the TX Lege pandering to when they pass racist, xenophobic legislation? It surely isn’t the best of the best. Not the Texas I love.
Governor Abbott please go after the employers that employs illegals They're breaking the law They need to be find & maybe summer jail time
No way English is your first language. Are you sure your here legally?
Hasta la taco El Camino guacamole
https://www.bea.gov/newsreleases/regional/gdp_state/qgsp_newsrelease.htm …
Imagine the power broker Cali could be with their incredible GDP if they were not crushed with so much legislation.
CA is doing just fine. Their workers also do a hell of a lot better. Just think how well TX could do if Abbott etal cared about all Texans.
You missed the point.
How do they compare to us in education? Healthcare? Just curious
Nope.
You're right Governor Abbott good leadership helps a bunch
