Reporter Mark Halperin Says President Trump’s Election More ‘Cataclysmic Event’ Than 9/11 http://trib.al/1mWYrUK  
@justkarl which ones?
Here's Tom Friedman for one
Here's Doug Sanders
If you thought you'd never see anything on TV as frightening as 9/11, this was it. But the consequences of this are far more damaging
these are two columnists, though
lot of political reporters are < 35; I'd guess if you asked for the historical event of their lives, you'd get 9/11
I mean, it held a very outsized role in people's perspective because they were in their teens.
People Love POTUS or Hate him. For Mr. Halperin 2 compare presidency to 9/11 is irresponsible & unfair 2 victims famil
It can be true. Trump presidency will lead to many more American deaths. First military mission he green-lighted killed a hero.
Most of the MSM should be guillotined! What they're attempting with their Democrat co-conspirators is a slow motion coup d'etat!
Seen nothing like this pervasive assault on the Presidency in our history, from DNC, Media, Academia, Hollywood & PC Millennials!
And it's an orchestrated Coup attempt by the Usual Suspects, the longtime Obama worshipers from the NYT, to Soros to Clinton's!
And worse, 95% of their attacks on Trump & his Team aren't worth a bucket of warm spit... nothing more than vapid bullshit!!
Useful idiots.
Actually, he is right except it is positively cataclysmic!
@JohnCornyn @DailyCaller Yes John it has been cataclysmic but I would never compare to 9/11. He is an evil destructive monster.
journalists making that comparison don't have a grip on reality, but do have a flare for extreme histrionics.
It was like flying a plane into their mile-high house of cards
Unfortunate to be handcuffed to the way things have always been done in D.C. No creativity, no willingness to take risk.
idiot!
Echo Chamber / Media Bubble anyone?
Yeah, and most are Libs so stands to reason.  "And the earth moved under my feet..." Life's so unfair! @brithume
- This is an absolutely DISGUSTING comparison and you should be ashamed of yourselves. 
@Bwdreyer Utterly disrespectful to lives lost & to the families. The world & America changed on 9/11. Not comparable.
2insult a Potus &65M citizens w/such comparison, close to disrespecting American flag. They are no longer journalists.
please...it's not disrespectful.  You just are trying to validate your support for an idiot who is a danger.
personally don't care for Trump but to equate an election result to thousands of deaths is disrespectful.
impact of that election result will be greater.  No disrespect meant but I firmly believe that.
How can anyone say that when thousands died on 9/11. Most journalist are acting like a bunch of privileged children. #getoverit.
- absurd statements, hyperbole and feigned outrage do not make for credibility. Or go ahead and go to the next level, holocaust.
hyperbole much?
I think he was talking about biz not journalist.  Get out of your own head space
@JohnCornyn @DailyCaller Starting the marketing of his new book early.
well I guess every idiot has a voice
N that's a bad thing? The MSM view I mean
Really?.... this person has a skewed view of what is important to the majority of Americans....
And Muslims, and illegals, and patriots concerned about interference from a hostile foreign power.
what a slap in the face to the families of 9/11 victims!!!
and no one else. Save a few alt left thugs.
Just an entitled idiot - afraid his fake life and money stream endangered
And not just journalists!
- Good Lord.. you folks in the media need to grow up and get a grip!! Stop pushing #FAKENEWS and you may get invited back.
@JohnCornyn interesting you would retweet this, Cornyn.
you should have quotation marks around journalists.
@MZHemingway what drama! These fake newsies behave like children when they don't get their way! Throw a fit! They need reality.
I'm about as critical of Trump as anyone alive, but even I think this Halperin statement is flat-out lunacy. Jeesh! @MelissaTweets
Actually, it's very revealing of many(not all) D's  state of mind. Their dreams are melting away.
They're brainwashed! Everything They've tried failed! They'll never admit it!
Trump's not perfect. He's trying to restore America!
If your journalism is dependent upon hyperbole to a near Chicken Little level, I s'pose...
Becayse if their corruption and collusion, and please done call them journalists! They are anything but!
Because having your lies questioned is more painful than jumping out of a burning 104 story building or being pulverized into powder.
Yeah, saw the documentary where he and his colleagues went into shock on election night. Priceless! And what an idiotic 9/11 ref.
I'm sure family members who lost loved ones on 9/11 appreciate this asinine statement.
I have to wonder if they have any idea just how sick of them we are.
Stupid is as stupid does. Support Fancy Nancy!
- Because most reporters are morons.
9/11 was one and done. @realDonaldTrump is an act of sustained national suicide. PLEASE SAVE US FROM THIS MADMAN!
@JohnCornyn a sr. GOP US senator agreeing with FoxNews a shocker, but the open assault on press is a horrific insight into him
Halperin has been out to lunch for years... Clueless
Not something I’d be proud to admit>
...JOURNALISTS? This is a bit funny considering they've sold their souls to the DNC...propagandists more like it.
@JohnCornyn Way to help Trump discredit the media Cornyn. Did u even bother to READ it first? Just another salacious headline.
any wonder why they have lost credibility?
@JohnCornyn One (ignorant IMO) person's unthinking view. Wish my senator would hold town halls to share his and hear mine.
@JohnCornyn Even Tucker Carlson admits he's a jackass. Informative and IMPORTANT points here: :
@JohnCornyn MSNBC itself is more cataclysmic than 9/11.
This country hasn't had "Journalists" in 50 years! "On-Air Talent" play to their image on the TV Set...
He is disrupting a corrupt system that serves the elites.  This is a good thing.
"Journalists, otherwise know as the communications arm of the (anti) American Left.
One building goes down and we spend Trillions on something that could never destroy us. Or one man who could destroy a democracy
if by "journalists" you mean, "jackwagons."
@MZHemingway What journalist they can't be called journalists anymore.
That's so elite of them!
What makes it so are these journalists & Democrats who obstruct & whine rather than do anything to help USA & its citizens
A view widely held by FAKE journalists.
The man speaks some truth. The election of the POTUS was the worst thing that could happen to the socialistic nondemocratic party.
Really....tell that to the families of those who died #dumb
and you are using the term journalist loosely...
this is disgusting. The left needs eradicated from American politics (At least this version) Keep voting them out till they get it
this is so SAD! Yes it is time Repubs stand up & speak out! Next vote will be telling. I'm so disenchanted wth MSM "journalists"
who in the world watched idiots like him and their biased BS?
Journalists, state dep, DOJ, and EPA folks all >90% liberals. Proves liberals don't really work very hard, but expect the world.
Can you say, 'I think my job is my identity and therefore more important than your life?'
seems the word "journalists" has been corrupted by some in the hysterical media
@DailyCaller Only because it shook the very foundation of MSM
Donald Trump has done everything he said he would do I heard a politician do that lately have you
Must have been a huge disappointment that there were no lives lost on Nov. 8, 2016.  Disgusting display of your ignorance here!
FOR some reason, the term "dope" comes to mind when I hear such ignorance from the likes of Mark Halperin.
Maybe culture-change-wise. 9/11 brought country together even under questionably elected Bush, and this election has divided us.
@KurtSchlichter Explains why they're still in cardiac arrest & the rest of the country is getting a welcome boost of euphoria.
#MSM does not get it yet, OUR widely held view of #journalists is they suck & R still trying to control narrative
Because their power over the electorate is non-existent?
@KurtSchlichter what are you saying Mr. Hume? Say it plainly.
How dare they insult the village victims and families of 9/11!
they are completely detached from the reality of regular people's lives and priorities.
and you plunked down $6 to read this in Sunday @nytimes ? Send me the $6 Brit!!
BUT, only because Liberals and Leftists won't leave it the heck  alone to move forward.
We can't normalize that mind set.
says the journalists are so biased that they can not report fair and balanced
.
more diluted liberals, they can't stand that the adults are back in charge.
For him maybe!
Wonder if he's hysterical much...
and yet, it seems, Fox is forcing us to watch more of those same people who think we're ignorant because we like Fox News.
Definitely cataclysmic for them.
If they think this is bad wait until Merkel loses. Will be biggest political event of the century
to them it is. They are no longer given special treatment for favors, or special dinners. They are called out by the best!
BUT CREATED BY SAME MEDIA!
The echo chamber is a dangerous place for scribes to live. Halperin is completely devoid of reality.
.@brithume we mere mortals need such an event to change Washington
For journalists maybe.   Not even close for the rest of the country.
@TheresePicard as a first responder on 9/11.   Anyone that believes that is an asshole and should lose their job.
Their  came crashing when corrupt, inept, liar Hillary lost Nov election! How could they support such horrible candidate?
that's disgraceful, using a tragic event to grandstand on a politician you lost to, sick
these nay Sayers think if they say it enough...
You can't use the word "journalist" to refer to such people. "Charlatan" would be good.
YES, for the dems.
The MEDIA is the best thing going for Trump2020 and too stupid to realize it....thank goodness !
MSM (journalists) are the reason Trump was elected. Sure, we dislike Clinton but we absolutely hate MEDIA telling us how to think.
Tell that to the families/loved ones of 3000 murdered on 9/11 by RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISTS. @MarkHalperin  - what a jerk.
Self fulfilling prophesy...
@edmo502 journalist didn't use to be a synonym for leftist political hack, but it is now.
trauma for them not the average citizen outside of their elitist bubble
@KenZimmern When your Pub Ed Teachers+College Professors are mostly Liberal Left, "Educated" journalists will be mostly Lib Left.
journalists?
Hey @MarkHalperin , your bias is showing.
For them, absolutely
unfortunately some republicans as well, like your old friend bill kristol
lol. This is why no one should take @MSNBC seriously. Chill.
They still don't get it! Chaos is better than what we had. Gov't wasn't working 4 us or freedom. We voted 4 the working taxpayer.
@DailyCaller and completely ridiculous, Brit.
In 9/11 Americans were killed, in the 2016 election anti-Americans were destroyed!
AND among Democrats.
perhaps among those in the media, not by any real journalist.
hate to say this cause I'm all for free speech but it looks like some laws need to be placed on the media to enforce truthfulness
and why "journalists" views are widely UNPOPULAR !
1 Pearl Harbor 2 9/11 nothing compares to these attacks.Certainly not an election! Especially if u r family member of one who died
Ahh yes. I believe the Earth's axis has shifted as well, along with the alignment of the planets in the solar system. Cataclysmic!
Just curious what @MarkHalperin considers "all over the country." I'm getting a much different view from business owners
Only cataclysmic to the Dems/Libs who lost the election.
.@brithume @MelissaTweets BTW, did he adduce any PROVEN FACTS to support his ipse dixit?!
how can he be a journalist? I watched the tv show he's at best a propagandist this story proves it
A little perspective would be nice.Does this illustrate just how partisan they are? We didn't say same of Obama tho disaster felt
a fool making outlandish statements nothing new
These aren't journalists. Journalists REPORT the news so the public can be made aware. These are puppets with a megaphone.
Therefore, journalists no longer exist.
That kind of thinking will hasten another real 9/11.
Maybe we need term limits on journalists.....
http://fb.me/8C6hph1UO 
mark is a left wing 
@MelissaTweets Cataclysmic because Pres Trump has exposed the corrupt MSM and Civil Servants who live lavishly on taxpayer backs
Very Liberal journalists !
Journalism is dead! @brithume
this is beyond insulting to innocent victims of 9/11. Victims were from all walks of life & just unbelievable he made  comments.
@DailyCaller as someone who lost family in 9/11... wow. Comparing a terrorists attack to an idiot? Way to minimize 9/11.
I thought mark halprin was part of the circus and was middle of road- librard
by journalists you mean "hacks", right?
This is why I read and watch multiple sources so figure out the truth. News is not about truth any more because facts are adjusted
In 9/11 3,000 Americans died; Trump winning caused 3,000 snowflakes to melt. Yeah I see it
Journalists must separate facts from emotional, politically biased conjecture.
@DailyCaller media brainwashing like this is just another example of #WhyTrumpWon
@DailyCaller read the piece well thought out
@DailyCaller context?
.@brithume In today's journalism, people like @GlennThrush who are caught colluding w/ Dems are snatched up by the NYT.
The problem:  "discipline of verification – that journalists use to find not just the facts, but also the “truth about the facts.”
... who are desperately trying to get the electorate to agree with that assessment
@SallySmith7920 This attack on all our institutions: legal, state, environmental, on and on is FAR more destructive and lasting
Well, if you see this as an authoritarian kleptocracy taking hold of our country, you see it as a pretty big deal.
911 covered up the national divide; Trump's election exposed it. Better to have it exposed and deal with it.
not just journalist.
it is true, isn't it? Who would have thought? 
it's only Cataclysmic to the snowflakes liberals.
Then they really are not very good journalists,are they?
Check that, Brit - Halpern's is a "view widely held among" entertainers hiding their bias & lack of work ethic behind the 1st Amdt
And ppl w/education, kids, morals, common sense, a sense of decency, sense of country...
Which shows how warped their worldview is.
Liberal thinking is FUBAR.  Brainwashed PC lemmings that have no idea how stupid they sound.  ROE-V-WADE v 9/11= 14000X lives lost
and educated people.....
My goodness.  As though Hillary Clinton was a prize.
If you slip and break you leg, it's funny...if I cut my finger, it's a tragedy. Press is upset because getting beaten at own game
To compare 9/11 to Trump's election is the last straw. He/they who suffer from TDR are in wrong profession.
u r no journalist. Ur job title should be "very obvious partisan working on Fox News". Hey I'm not @GlennThrush so I can say it!
More jobs, better economy, strong market, less illegal aliens, and a new plan to finish the job in Syria = cataclysm
Had they taken some honest polls, they would have seen it coming.
-Halperin is NOT a journalist...he's an activist minion for Bloomberg & MSNBC. (except for heresy: calling Obama a dick)
cataclysmic for the out of touch dems and establishment republicans
one horrific event brought the country together, Trump may rip it to shreds
that's an absurd thing to say. It's also absurd that @foxnews executives advised @realDonaldTrump.

You guys aren't innocent in this either.
This is so scary.   How do we survive 4 years of this? What will our country look like in a few years?
@markhalper the view of the majority people I know in a 5 state area believe that journalists have become talking heads/one sided
