Have a long life President Bush. God bless you.
Love you both!

Still sweet on your best girl. Love it!
Yeah except for the 20 yrs he spent having an affair with his assistant.
No idea what that means
God bless you both! Really beautiful people!
:)5:)
Yes, must say, you are.  And so is she.
I am truly sorry for your loss, Behind every great man lie a great woman & I hope I've never implied otherwise.   I wish being the luckiest guy in the world were more available to all the rest of us.

May God Bless
@eaglesfanjoe_sr
Wow cool! I didn't know she was from NY!
The monkey is still alive apparently
Mr. President our country misses your wisdom, your leadership, your civility...Happy Birthday First Lady Bush...many blessing!
I extend my heartfelt condolence to the death of The Great Grand mother & ex first lady of the USA, Barbara, her departed soul may rest in the peace of heaven & bereaved family shall have the strength to overcome the miserable situation forever .
i love you grandmom bless this elijah spencer born in bell county tx republican master dallasfed
True very true, I totally agree with this statement made by what I consider, The Master of Mirrors. Psst-I am not blowing smoke in your 420
EVIL PURE EVIL
You two are too cute, Sir.
Best wishes from here. Here's to the grown-ups that were once at the helm of world politics. May later generations live up to that ideal.
Very well said!
#BarbaraBush #Bush #FirstLady #FirstLadyBarbaraBush 

Barbara Bush will be missed as she was a legend and had a great personality.

Checkout, Barbara Bush Biography: The Unforgettable Life of Barbara Bush, Download: http://authl.it/B07CGFMWQ6 
Evil lineage: Barbara Bush, daughter of the late satanist Aleister Crowley:
Happiest of birthdays Barbara, from a distant cousin 
READ MY LIPS! WE MISS GEORGE AND BARBARA BUSH!
I LOVE YOU DAD AND MO.  GOOD NIGHT.  PAULY.  ONE.
I LOVE YOU MO AND DAD.  YOU ARE DOING EVERYTHING RIGHT.  YOU ARE MINE.  I AM PROUD OF YOU.  PAULY  ONE.
I LOVE YOU MO AND DAD.   YOU ARE MY BEAUTIFUL BABIES.  MINE. KARINA ONE.
And I know she feels the same! You two are too cute.
George Bush senior the whole bush family are my role models
I'm from houston Texas and I have always told political people don't hate appreciate
Yes! First Family or BEST Family? Thank you both for love for our country and its citizens.
Yes you are you picked a good one in Barbara.   Take care.
Why this? Bush's were overly opposed to Open Carry. Why celebrate your opponents?
Wishing a former president doesnt represent support or opposition.
Not trying to be a prickly pear...just ask'n Amigo
Roger.
Hello
I'll say, what a pair to draw too...
Love the fire she can bring when some goes after one her boys !
Happy Birthday Mr President.
 All the best wishes, from Canada.
The happiest of birthdays to you and your wife, Mr President!
Congratulations 
Happy Birthday to you both!
Dear First Lady Barbara Bush:  Happy Birthday!! to you. Wishing you &President HWB in GOOD health many more...We love U both
Happiest of Birthdays, Mrs. Bush. You are both a treasure in America.
Happy birthday 
Happy birthday mr president
Happy birthday Mr. President! I long for the days when Republicans and Democrats could work together even though disagreeing on some things
Happy Belated Birthday to Mrs. Bush. I have admired her for years!
Happy Birthday Mr. President, God Blessings to you and your lovely wife. Be Blessed.
Happy Birthday to you! Thanks for all of your contributions to the USA!
Happy birthday my dear George may God bless you and give you long time to live
Happy Birthday !
She is a rare one indeed sir. Congratulations to you both. Save some cake for everyone else 
rude rt
Happy Birthday!
HAVE A BLESSED BIRTHDAY DAD! YOUR LITTLE GIRL, PAULY.
WHAT A BLESSED DAY! TODAY IT IS MY DAD'S BIRTHDAY. THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING YOU DO. IT IS MY TURN TO FILL YOU WITH BLESSINGS. , PAULY.
I LOVE YOU GEORGE, YOU HAVE MY HEART.  MAMI ONE.
Happy birthday Barbara.
war criminal to hell
Happy birthday to you
@JebBush happy birthday, Mrs. Bush
Happy birthday love always cpl.Scott USMC
Wishing you much love, joy, laughter, perfect health, and delicious birthday cake 
HAPPY birthday
Been ok in Iraq.we should have been saddams Allie.shit the shit the shite do why not? Now Saudis think we just playing them too@weare
Do you read this,please you will only be known for your thievery of oil and gulf wars that started Isis and all the others.saddam would have
Hope she had the happiest BIRTHDAY ever.
You have made money all Americans want in life. NEED TO IMPRESS? INSERCURITY? You took us down with you go away no wind just whistle to long
The shit I leave on here is going to last way past life. I could only wish upon all wishes when I say you have made America a Corp clustrfkk
We will tell everyone your the guy who slant drilled Iraqis oil and got us into all this bullshit. I hope you got rich  now die
Happy birthday to your lovely wife
Happy Birthday Mrs. Bush!
Congratulations, and happy birthday to Barbara!
Love you kids.  :)  PROUD OF YOU.
Wonderful duo! My favorite First Lady,Barbara, is beautiful, caring and wise.
Happy Birthday to the loviest First Lady ever.
Happiest of years to you, Mrs. Bush. Miss the Bush family leadership.
How sweet
Well said, Mr. President. I hope she had a great birthday.
Happy Birthday Mrs Bush
Happy Birthday Barbara.
Happy Birthday 'First Lady'!
That is nice. Please tell us more about your role in the #Coupdetat of '63? We like our current @POTUS choice & want maintain our republic.
Happy birthday to one of my favorite ladies. Her husband is pretty great too!
Happy AZT DAY
Happy day young fellow
Happy Birthday,  Mrs. Bush! Thank you for all you do for us!
BLESSED!
God bless you both. Happy birthday, Mrs. Bush! Best wishes!
4 MORE YEARS!!!
Happy birthday, Mrs Bush
Great people! So thankful for your service to America
@BrittMcHenry This, America, is class defined.  Happy Birthday Mrs. Bush!
Happy birthday, Ms. Barbara! 
Happy Birthday Mrs Bush. Btw, the Barbaras of the world are awesome.
Happy Birthday to a very classy First Lady!
Happy Birthday Mrs Bush! Love you!
I literally can not @sammiedunlay
Yes, you are. So is she.
Hell yea he lucky lol he's like 102 and still kicking
@jillian_farrell
That should be me tbh
God Bless you and Barbara she look so pretty and sweet like always and mr president u are very lucky to have each other  keep safe and happy
Happy birthday, Mrs Bush   You are a treasure!
If this isn't goals idk what is
Great family.
God bless her and you Mr President
Happy Birthday to Barbara Bush, former first lady! Best wishes to both of you.
Oh happy day!
....
Happy Birthday Barbara Bush!
That you are! Enjoy the day! love to you both!
Happy birthday, Mrs. Bush!  And early birthday greetings to you President Bush!
You married up Mr. President.  Happy Birthday Mrs. Bush!
Happy Birthday Mrs Bush
Hell is awaiting for both of you.
God Bless U.  I really would have liked to see what JEB would have done, too bad ALL our beuricats are on the take now.
Sweet
Happy happy birthday Mrs Bush!  God Bless you both!
Thank you Mr George HW Bush for The American Disabilities Act. God bless you. Author Parent Advocate for Autism Doris Washington
HBD 41!
Sir, you are a REALLY GREAT class act! Happy birthday to Mrs Bush! God bless you both!
Bush did 7/11
And happy birthday to you on Monday Mr. President!  You share the exact same birthday as my mother! 
America's Best Couple For Sure....Happy Happy Birthday to our lovely First Lady!
Happy Birthday dear Mrs Bush!  You are our treasure!!!
Happy Birthday to her fro my side too.May she have many more extra blessed one's.Special Prayers!
I have to say it BLESS THEIR HEARTS
Happy Birthday beautiful first lady... Looking GREAT!
Happy birthday Barbara
Happy Birthday Mrs. Bush
Happy birthday mrs bush!!!!!
SIR SO VERY HAPPY FOR YOU AND YOUR LOVELY LADY=mic
Yes, you are.
You sir, and your love story with Mrs. Bush is awe inspiring. Happy Birthday Mrs. Bush.
What a great couple
Great American couple.
Happy Birthday Mrs. Bush!!
Amen
Happy Birthday from Rye New York.
Happy Birthday Barbara! 
sure miss a real President even as a Dem to you.. Will be visiting your lib soon saw Ws last year. HB to Barbara. Love Rye!

Your mother is so sweet. I had the honor of meeting her back in 1982. Wonderful woman. Happy birthday Mrs Bush!
An honour young man.
Aren't you dead yet?
This makes my heart so happy  @cmoorebirds
@beach_bum_cam goals
Happy birthday Barbara Bush.  Wish you and President Bush a safe journey through the balance of your years.  God bless and keep you both.
Happy Birthday First Lady!
How did I not know that both Bush's got Barbed?
Our beautiful first Lady Happy Birthday and God bless you
Awww....you guys are so awesome!
Happy Birthday!!
Happy birthday Barbara have a great day

Beautiful sentiment. 
Cue the awwwwwwwwww and that's so cute comments! I LOVE THEM!
Happy Birthday FLOTUS.
Sweet
@KariVanHorn man, they look like the oldest people on Earth and been holding that title for over 20 years. Happy belated
Birthday wishes to a most gracious lady. Have a wonderful celebration - we will be waiting in College Station for your next visit.
Awwww!!!  This is so sweet!  Happy Birthday ma'am!
Have a very wonderful birthday Mrs Barbara Bush wishing u more birthdays to come & may your special day be filled with family& friends & 
