Weird, you forgot about prescription pill abuse that leads to it...fueled by big pharma...
John's voicemail is has been full for months
#WeThePeople
True #Patriots Demand
#SessionsResignNOW
Perjury #TrumpRussia
WE WANT A WALL AN ACTUAL WALL
US demand is pulling supply- can't stop supply without addressing demand
BUILD THE WALL!!! From a Texan who DID mean it...like most Texans do...a REAL one!
Peña not wnt grvytrn 2 end Hence bucking wall
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too?
prescription opioids are found at the pharmacy
and he did what to stop it?
In related news, Senate Republicans are fueling US stupidity epidemic. #townhall fix education or resign.
Repealing the Affordable Care Act and throwing addicts to the wolves should help. (sarcasm) #GovtMatters
widely considered fake news by real journalists. Thanks 4 blaming THE OTHER for American woes. Big Pharma. Start there
what's fueling it is USA drug use   We create the market
The GOP has covered up for Trump's Russia ties the whole time.Session lies,Flynn lies.Trump lies .When is about our country
Too bad the DNC pushed Hillary...things might have been different. She was more corrupt. Dems blew it. Sorry for your loss
no dem in WH. Obummer hated by majority
& you vote against approving funding to prevent addiction and rehab!! Hypocrite
drug wars a huge failure. Supply never dies as long as there is demand. Get people the help they need and stop blaming cartels
Duhhhhhh
Have a town hall and let's talk about it!
Appointment of Sessions a AG is on YOU! You confirmed him knowing that he's a liar & a racists. #TheResistance
Sir Jeff Sessions is in bed with the Russians! Stop trying to distract us and DO YOUR JOB! 75248
that was covered up by Obama #fastandfurious
Why should anyone believe anything Comey says?
what's the GOP plan to monitor big Pharma who make fentanyl & the Dr.'s who prescribe the drug?
YET another reason to SECURE THE SOUTHERN BORDER WITH A WALL! cameras, guards, WEAPONS!THIS is our HOME! PROTECT IT!
what about the Russian epidemic in our democracy? Stop the bait and switch and start doing your job #SessionsLied
but the start of drug addiction usually starts with precipitation drugs pushed by pharma industry
We are never going to win the war on drugs....it is futile to try
Demand drives markets.
so is overprescribing opioids.
I'd be interested in knowing how many guns make it into Mexico from the US. My guess is it goes both ways.
This from the guy who brought us email nonsense as he let Trump Russian collusion slide. Distractions aren't working.
History: FBI's Comey fueled Russian takeover of US government.

Build that wall!
Remember when you were chiding those who were outraged over Russia?  It was just a month or so ago. Keep smokescreening.
So tell us how the Dems are obstructing on cabinet picks.  Commerce pick ran Russian bank that laundered $$.
If this is news to you I am concerned about how deep your head has been buried. This is a smokescreen.
Also doctors prescribing opioids in the US...
Comey has zero credibility, and must be assumed to be a stooge for Russia and Trump until he demonstrates otherwise.
they are trying to supply the demand. WHICH THEY DID NOT CREATE. Pharma did and so did our system of pushing opioids.
Oh... it's Mexico! And I thought that's why we were still in Afghanistan...
Why is this a headline?
Instead of worrying about Mexico, do your job and investigate the Trump regime's ties to Russia. #UScode2382
addiction is fueling the drug epidemic. Cartels are on the supply side silly. #byejohn2020
Yep, and a WALL WON'T STOP IT! @SenateDems @TheDemocrats
well that's their business. The sun is 
Fighting the invisibe hand "crack down on the supply to drive up the price" thus making the business more attractive to supplier
Heroin? In 2015 Afghanistan produced about 66% Say again?
In today's edition of DUH "News".  Wow. Slow day at the office, huh?
Actually it's the pain drugs that start it. Then it ends in heroin.
we need the wall Sen. Cornyn. Texans are 90% wanting the wall !! Pay attention .
Dear Sen Cornyn, It feels like only yesterday that you were pushing Sessions through hearings with full throat support.
how about 45 admin fueling TRAITORS.  Get your act together Sen. I pay you to do the people's work.are you a traitor 2?
always deflecting. Guessing you know #Sessions lied under oath and you voted for him? #MAGA and #DoYourJob before it's #TooLate
Comey should have been fired he let Hillary off and we all know she was guilty but money talks in Gov t
Russia!
... you mean, pharmaceutical companies!
No-No-No. American Pill mills are fueling the Heroin Epidemic by creating millions of Oxycotin addicts.
- How are you feeling about Sessions vote? Mexican criminal line won't bury Russiagate. Put country over party & investigate now
I hope your healthcare plan includes treatment for addicts.
we could treat drug addicts as ppl having a med prob instead of criminals. Wait, that won't help the prison industry.
Prisons r big big $. We the people don't matter 2 GOP. Treatment = cheaper than prison & helps society thrive
this is why we need more private prisons and more pharma companies.
#traitors one and all
yet you ignore that the Attorney General appears to have lied during his hearings #priorities
And your little wall is just going to@magically stop that.
Sen. Cornyn, you are being quoted that Texans did not vote for a wall. I hope you did not say that. You'd be wrong
Hello Comrade, now is the time. #Trumprussia #sessions
I, sir, live in Texas. It will be my mission to spread the word of your complacency. #2020
Go ahead, tweet more crap not related to current issue of Sessions and his Russian contacts. Just piss me off more.
#RUSSIA
why aren't you tweeting about Sessions.  Demand an independent investigation into Russian interference in our elec!
FOCUS Mr Cornyn. If you do not join in calling for investigation of Russian ties you are not doing your job. #2020
no, opioid overprescribing is the foundation. Cartels just take advantage of the situation #peerreviewedscience
Jeff Sessions. Russia. Answer your constituents now.
do you think Sessions lied about being a racist too?
hey remember when Jeff Sessions lied to your face and you derided concerned constituents
Fueling fear to make the masses easier to control?
and ecstasy / acid comes from Canada. And most Mexican guns come from US. They are also our 1st and 2nd trade partners.
it's quite shameful to play into the Bannon / Miller "fear of outsiders" game. It's Un American.
I'm way more interested in #russiagate , #Flynnghazi , and #SessionsInTheJoint   how about you #investigatetrump
pharmaceutical companies did too. But no one gave a crap until users turned to heroin. But, capitalism. Right??
John, when are you having a town hall? We need you to start taking Trump/Russia seriously NOW
American pharmaceutical cartels fuel high cost of #healthcare. Facts of life.
What about #JeffSessions and the fact that he lied under oath? We need a #SpecialProsecutor. We need to investigate!
What R U doing to address demand 4 drugs in U.S.? Comey & Sessions: I would not associate w/either one.
it was a good attempt at distracting us but it won't work.  Sessions and RUSSIA
That is a big problem. Any thoughts on Trump/Russia connections? I hear crickets.
investigate Russia's ties to your administration and stop whitewashing the issues
So it might make sense to provide people in pain a legal inexpensive way to manage that pain. Cannabis is good choice.
"White House fueling Russia's influence over America". THAT'S the headline. Nothing else.
How's that war in drugs working out again?
Please call 4 Sessions' resignation, 4 at least perjury & possibly treason. This is why we don't rubber stamp cabinet members.
Today theme is Sessions and Russia. Nothing can you do will change it.
#FakeNews...
Russia-Trump independent investigate why did the republican congress vote down trump release taxes...party loyalty
Why are you silent about Sessions? He must resign! #russiagate
Sessions must NOT resign
Russia-Trump independent investigate don't the republican care
Legalize drugs through medical treatment. People die when they don't know what they're getting. Simultaneously defunding cartels
What is it going to take for you to call for investigation into the Russia-Trump ties? Is the whole damn Senate in on this?
@tedcruz The GOP cares about one thing and one thing only: pushing their agenda. Actively turning a blind eye.
When are you calling for Sessions to resign due to perjury?
ok this is inter. Doesn't solve the fact that there is clear RUSSIAN infl n our WH. That is priority now. #investigate
so I see that Comey took some time to watch the show Narcos...tell us something we don't know
"drain the swamp"... Sessions lied, time to go.
So, inv. Sessions and Trump for Russia connections, or nah?  I'm guess no as the Russians prob have dirt on you too.
sorry John, that's not going to take the high obsessions or Russia today. Good try
duh.
COMEY sat on intelligence info re: #Trumprussia but investigated HRC for 3rd time? #firecomey and #investigatetrump!
As an openly vote suppressing racist, Sessions shouldn't have even been there in the first place. This is on you.
