Sen. @JohnCornyn tweeted that polls about Senate health bill are wrong; says no bill exists. Yet CBO scored one. Has it changed much since?
Have you heard from your constituents, the Koch brothers?
#FullRepeal waspromised to the people keep your #United for freedom
A very poor work

If "no bill exists," what exactly is "it" that CBO scored, and what is "it" that remains "a work in progress?"
You cant even backpeddle with the truth. Dont take healthcare away from millions and turN around to give our money to top 2% #stopbcra
Or if u like stop that bill-which-never-existed-what-do-you-mean-by-bcra Bottom line you got TOO GREEDY thats why this bill failed
Please #KeepThePromise of #FullRepeal & stop gov't overreach in USA! Stand #UnitedForFreedom! Stand w/ @SenTedCruz! #FreeMarkets!#Choices!
The LEAST you can do is pass #CruzAmendment to keep vestige of FREE MARKET as socialist medicine scheme circles the drain. #UnitedForFreedom
I'm disgusted with so called Republican Moderates like Collins, RINOs
It's crap  in progress!
PLEASE #FullRepeal #ObamaCare As Promised Next Week & Work On #Healthcare Replacement Later This Year

#RepealObamaCare NOW!

We have to make sure the number of uninsured goes above 50 million. 49 million is too low! #MakeAmericaUninsuredAgain
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! If you refuse at least the #CruzAmendment to help those who aren't ENTITLED! #UnitedforFreedom!
Are you're working your way out of congress.
Semantics, a bill was about to be brought to the floor
#FullRepeal  #CruzAmendment #UnitedForFreedom
You are between rock and a hard place GOP senators wanting to spend $ and GOP wanting to cut more than even you. Spend the $ tax the rich
Political spin merchant. Drain he swamp.
You've had seven and a half years.
And he's not telling the truth either, at least according to this article:
Are you gonna get trapped in an endless cycle of releasing bills, getting drubbed in polls, then claiming the bill wasn't the "real" one?
Hopefully 
Alternate fact..there was a Trump care bill .horrible.  GOP can't govern..only obstruct
How can you Score a bill that isn't finished?
Wasn't the plan to vote on it before the 4th?
@JohnCornyn, BCRA removed the (only) 2 ACA provisions that encouraged lower premiums - individual mandate and NII tax
You were going to vote on a "work in progress"? You were ready to vote LAST WEEK. Who are you trying to kid!?!
@GOP & @JohnCornyn must think the rest of US ( the part that isn't their blind followers) is ignorant. Bill gets bad pr, deny its existence.
This wasn't your take at all during the ACA negotiations
Can you say when and why u switched from arguing that closed door negotiations are wrong, to saying people don't need to see til it's done?
He doesn't have the nerve to respond.
Nope not at all 
Progress is not the word I would use
Door closed three weeks ago John. Thx.
Liar
We have no money for healthcare .But we got 50 million tax payers dollars for Princess Ivanka women shush fund The Kochs will be mad
Out of touch!
You had 8 years to work and progress. Procrastinate much? I cannot wait for when you're up for election.
@danbalz get some women on the BRCA committee @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @indtx36 @TXDemWomen @TX10Indivisible @Indivisibletx7
Stop robbing from the poor to line pockets of the rich!!!
LET ME HELP YOU!  Y'all are making it worse and don't even understand basics of health care.
Why are you working in secret?
You represent what is wrong with the GOP
The first Senate version was virtually identical to the House one, so too will be whatever comes next 

"It's a work in progress" 

Seven and 1/2 years of nothing does not resemble progress.
caught in your own deceit.  As Mark Twin said "if you're going to be a liar you need to have a good memory"
It's a SECRET IN PROGRESS? Do U &  @SenateMajLdr really think U CAN REWRITE 1/6 of US ECONOMY & call TAX CUT 4 WEALTHIEST Healthcare? NOPE!!

Try expanding Medicaid for all.
Working in progress = how much can we expect lobbyists to donate.  Americans need real healthcare!
I wish I could say the same about u, but I fear you're baked. Over baked. Worthless. No way to change u for the better. Best to toss u out.
7 years and no plan. Now it's back behind closed doors just in case we weren't sure who owned this turdburger. #AllYours
- a 7 1/2 year work in progress?  What have you been doing?  Hmmmmmm
Liar

When are you gonna admit you've just messed this whole Healthcare thing up, Senator. You got it WRONG. Now man up.
It is NOT progress when you kick millions off Medicaid, impose an age tax, and don't cover Essential Benefits! #shameonyou!
22 Million Americans losing healthcare coverage is not progress.
Trying to make it even worse?
More lies Senator. Just more lies. How stupid do you think we are? There have been 3 CBO's requested by @SenateMajLdr and it just gets worse
What?  People aren't going to stand for you killing them?
Yes, a work in progress for 7 Republican controlled congressional years...slow and destructive work with no progress.... Sad!

What's up with you clowns wanting to expand Medicaid and not willing to let us choose our own plans?
It is a murder in progress.
If premiums & health care costs will go down, who cares what polls say? Just do what's right for Americans.
Thanks for your hard work on this!
Unless it resembles Obamacare a lot more than it resembles the bill the CBO scores it will hurt peope, not help. Obamacate saves lives.
It's a POS that is nothing more than a giveaway to folks that need it least.
Mr Cornyn.the 'bill' the 13 Republican men drafted in a room without input from a woman or a Democrat...was a proposed bill. We r not stupid
So how about public hearings? Discussions on real test cases? Not just you saying see how Obamacare doesn't work in this case,trumpcare will
A work in progress?  WTF has the GOP being doing for the last 7 years?  Oh yeah, nothing!
John's ego has grown past his capabilities. Whether he runs or not depends on where the most $ is. He could be indicted and jail Trumpgate.
http://www.wbap.com/2017/06/28/cornyn-constituents-protest-senate-health-care-bill/ …
Show your damn work you weasels!
Can you just tell us, how many people are you willing in uninsure? Or: what price is too much for insuring people?
7.5 years of blaming Obama and you've come up Schrodinger's bill: it exists and doesn't exist all at the same time. Get Obama to help you 1/
since this stuff has proven to be too complicated for the @gop (who are gladly obeying putin) 2/2
CBO did not Score the unknown Senate Bill which if passed goes to conference. SO tell us how the Ocare Tyranny met its predictions Dan!
Who are you fighting for? The corporations or the people?  If for the people why not a ballot for #MedicareForAll  or The Bill when done?
You guys had 7+ freaking years
After 7 Years? What are you building, the Sistine Chapel?
If it is a work in progress, how come u continue to tweet about how wonderful it is, & how it will help Medicaid? How can u know yet?
Are you waiting until the poll numbers get below 10% before ramming it through?  That sounds like something you guys would do 
I mean, seriously guys, healthcare is hard. GOPubes trying hard to get the Russian model passed but there's just so much dang media coverage
Senator Cornyn, the Republican Party doesn't seem to be as conservative as it's base. By a large margin. Could cause you to lose Congress
Tell us if YOU believe our IC community or Putin?
Putin: We didn't meddle, ask Trump.
Reporter: But WH hasn't released any info.
Putin laughs: We'll talk to the WH and tell them to fix that. 
