Many poor and elderly don't have drivers license bc they can't afford it. Maybe do something about that, then voter ID is fine!
voter IS is more than money--it's time off from work, access, childcare, copies of docs.
there are many nonprofits that help. We got for a church member easily and quickly.
not the role of the nonprofit to make sure rights are protected. That SHOULD be what govt is for.
possibly but in the mean time non-profits are providing a valuable service
bandaid on a decapitation. Is it helpful to that one person? Absolutely. Will it stop the bleeding? No.
the only solution to that is break the lock Repubs have State D party is broken and full of whiners
Whiners on both sides. Lots of work to be done.
Ask any woman who's ever been divorced or married if voter registration matches all their docs
the hassle involved in a name change is so great I will never change my name again.
exactly. It's time consuming & prohibitively expensive for many women. Also, epic PITA
No, it's free to change your name when married or divorced, you can do things by mail /online now.
Ok. Well, you try it and tell me how easy it is. My experience is that it is an epic pain in the ass.
if you thought it was hard waiting approx 3 weeks by mail, as I did, I'm concerned for you
it's just not that simple. You'd know if you'd tried. Certified copies of court records cost $
To suggest that someone spending a day's salary to get the "right" ID isn't an undue burden is bananas.
To promulgate the idea that Voter ID in #Texas is "free" shows a lack of understanding of circumstances different from yours.
Appreciate your energetic argument here. @JohnCornyn and others like him need to be told, even if they won't hear it.
Thank you. He can listen now, or listen in 2020, but it will be a more painful lesson then. He knows what's up.
wow really maybe you should start spreading the news! I lived here 21 years never knew that! Let's investigate Pence and Flynn
The FBI routinely investigates POTUS candidates & their cabinet appointments.
not really doing a good job then!
Why didn't the DNC allow FBI access to their server when it was hacked?
did I say anything either way? Flynn talked to Russia if he was vetted properly this would have come out before his confirmation
I did a lot of research last year & knew all about Russia long before it was in the press; but all this hysteria is nonsensical.
it is not, we all know Kelley Ann lies, Spicer lies, so now we need to know someone is trustworthy this does not help that!
Oh, they're all liars to be sure but they all had to be checked out by the FBI before they moved into the White House.
The Democrats paint a picture of a very dark voter id picture. Love the way they twist the truth.
You really are out of touch aren't you? It is voter suppression at the highest level. And was shown to be in a court.
Texas closed down many rural DPS offices when voter ID came in.
Not true. Texas ID is $16 for 59 and under. $6 for 60 + year olds
I have helped homeless people get ID.  It takes a very long time and expense for transportation and documents.  Not easy.
then why did I pay $11 for my Texas drivers license?  And there other costs like time and transportation involved #VoteThemOut
There are taxes in a Drivers License; there's no charge for Voter I.D. If it's not worth someone's time that's pathetic.
that's a really pathetic attitude. Must be nice to have the time, language skills, n transportation to get docs n IDs you need.
Anyone who does not have the cognitive ability to get what they need nor family to help has a social worker.
omg, do you honestly believe this state has enough social workers to assist every single person who needs help getting id?
I seriously doubt there's more than two people in your state who doesn't have an ID already; this is a smoke screen.
I have a PhD in Public Affairs, and empathy.  So find someone else to argue with for no reason.  Bye
A great topic for a #TownHall.
yes, since many of us don't have access to D.C. Townhalls. When is your next one in Texas, senator?
Voter ID is free in both TX & NC  http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm … https://www.ncdot.gov/dmv/driver/id/ 
@kephen Birth certificates are not free, but should be.
@crawfishaka You should be outraged, like the rest of us, that a recount of Detroit isn't possible because vote fraud.
ID's are FREE in Texas!
@crawfishaka Everyone who is over 16years old had Id, and poor is making equivalent of 50K year.
We should make it easier, not harder, to vote.
Our library meeting RM in #TX22 is free for a #texastownhall and there are openings this week!  What day is good for you?
@kephen Really, John? https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/courts_law/getting-a-photo-id-so-you-can-vote-is-easy-unless-youre-poor-black-latino-or-elderly/2016/05/23/8d5474ec-20f0-11e6-8690-f14ca9de2972_story.html?utm_term=.98bf47e86743 …
Most Voter ID opponents see the cost of putting pants on to walk out the door as a cost attributed to getting a Voter ID.
free in dollars does not mean it is effort free. Pre- #VotingRights  rights Era was free in cost but encumbered otherwise
Oh, it has to be effort free. That's a new one.
it's not a new one. It's been around since 1776 and was codified in a document around that time.
Why can people use their concealed-carry license to vote, but not a state-issued student university ID?
getting a TX ID is a huge hassle - took me 3 trips to the DMV. Don't know others manage with less resources
not free to drive to DMV and wait 3 hours.
Are birth certificates (copies) and transportation free? Then it's not.
NO valid excuse not to have Voter ID. Those who want to vote illegally are ones complaining most...and the Dems!
as an election worker I can tell you that the voter lists must be cleaned. People deceased over 10 years ago still on the list.
but is it also easily accessible to the elderly, the disabled, etc?
Free! How about accessibility, the poor/minority have well documented transport challenges and can't take time off to go get ID.
Great!  Is the ride to get the ID free?  Is the time away from work guaranteed without harm?
and how you and colleagues plan to follow and implement those rulings?
as a former judge, surely you know of the federal court rulings on this issue.  Why not list what the courts have ordered?
park a truck and give 100 dollar bills to everyone with pic ID, more people have then Dems claim
most states have some sort of waiver in order o get id. Though some may have trouble getting waiver due 2 lack of transportation
yet the majority who HAVE an ID or drivers license do not care enough to go to the polls. Gimme a break.
Dems will always have an excuse, except truth, if ID is used it is harder to commit fraud. Plain and simple.
LIE... State issued birth certificate-not free. Hours off of work to stand inline at DPS-not free.
Working hard to suppress the vote for 2018 already? #theresistance
Why is it easier to buy a gun in Texas than vote? It's the only way Republicans win-by voter suppression &gerrymandering #resist
@kephen you should support voter ID. You know you can get a non drivers license photo ID. Stop this Bullshit
There is no widespread voter fraud. There are Trump/Russian ties during the campaign. Investigate TrumpRussian ties.#Constituent
Last year, I took my daughter to get her license three times. Missing docs. Three days I had to leave work. 1/2
Does that include travel expenses to the DMV office, for those who can't drive? A day's pay, 4 those who must take the day off?
Folks have to be able to get to place to get it and sometimes spend money to get required documents.
Req'd docs to get voter id are not free. Poor & elderly often don't have them. Town hall in Austin, please.
in today's world u can't cash checks are do anything without Id. Can go get id from dvm of their state 4 any $15.
not without birth certificate,which can cost up to 120,$ getting there can be a problem in rural areas.
if states require I.d to vote than they should furnish those I.d.,
no person shuld gt own Id if THEY wanna vote. It's person's option 2 vote. If I wanna drive I gtta have Dr lic
.@JohnCornyn if voter fraud is such a problem, then prove it. Thus far, convictions have involved GOP voters.
It cost $ 4 poor 2 get 2 location 2 register 4 voter IDs. They give up time from work = less $ 4 food, shelter, daycare=Polltax
WOW. Don't politicians do any type of due diligence before forming such ... narrow views?
Many poor citizens cannot afford to take time off from work to do this...
Still hard for many people to get to a DPS office to get that ID.
I'm sure I'm not the first to make this point - the docs needed to get a "free" voter ID cost $ and aren't the easiest to get.
free is meaningless if the elderly and disabled can't get to the place to apply for ID.  Try to imagine that this is a problem.
it goes to show you that some of the replies you are getting are not solid representation of Texan's.   some are robots.
Based on his unapologetic support of a racist administration hell bent on destroying our nation: seems unlikely. @yesnomaybe19 @JohnCornyn
A government that makes it harder to vote is just a big government afraid of the people.  Voter ID should be DOA
Voter fraud issues are bogus.  You know this and you should be ashamed of such ivory tower elitist class warfare on people.
If you can find a way to vote you can find a way to get free ID
Assuming you can make it 2 #DMV & have time 2 wait & have access 2 all documentation needed #votersuppression #wehaveeyes
As a Texas voter, my experience with voting has been lackluster. Texas makes it hard to vote and hard to find voting info. Sad.
Good answer John!
will you commit to mandating such a system for ALL states, or are you good with violating the 24th amendment?
@kephen Great! Let's have a town hall to discuss. You can explain how once voted in, Senators need not represent constituents.
Team #Resist #TEXAS Let's Go To DC & Protest At @JohnCornyn @tedcruz Offices' & FORCE Them To Listen To Us..THEY WORK FOR US! #TheResistence
Attention TEXAS Voters. We Need To Organize A Bus Trip To DC To Protest At @JohnCornyn & @tedcruz Offices Since They Won't Answer #RESIST
@kephen It takes 2 pieces of documentation to vote in Texas: a Voter Registration card and a Drivers License or Voter ID.
@kephen Voter ID is not free in Texas. It is $10 if they don't have a drivers license.
If you can't $10 (average cost) for an ID Card that lasts 4-5 years then you're probably dead and should not be voting anyway.
wow, the oppositions best argument against voter id is that it's too much of a hassle. Weak...
Anybody that supports Library cards yet opposes Voter ID is either corrupt or retarded. Likely both.
.@JohnCornyn nothing in life is free ... #tanstaafl
That is absolutely untrue Senator.  Many have to take off work (cost), drive hundreds of miles (cost) and produce docs (cost)!!
Why can't People in Texas afford a DL? Is it more money there?
everyone needs an ID to do anything in this country, even illegals know that, that's why it's the first thing they get.
@kephen maybe we can spend money instead on poll staff that don't lie to voters about the voter ID reqs
@kephen do you even live in the state now? Can we use your chauffeur?
@c_cgottlieb @kephen <--How many?
@c_cgottlieb @kephen  <--How many poor & elderly don't have ID?
Very few?
<-- I hear this frequently but no one provides actual numbers. Me thinks it is not true.
@kephen TX ID is not free according to the DPS website: http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/fees.htm …
Documents required to get ID are not free & not always easily obtained.
don't be coy, those who don't have a drivers license -get this- don't drive. Travel to and from ID office can take hours and $$$
Agree, & disabled too. Whatever it takes, our USA is worth Legal Votes Only! #MAGA
so much whining if you need food stamps im sure you would find the  paperwork. So many excuses
maybe I'm missing something but if a person can get time off from work childcare to vote then they can do same to get voter ID
you are missing something polls are typically open early/close late. DMV not as much. + transpo, supporting docs
how does one get it? Do you have to go somewhere? Is that place open regularly? Would people have to take off work?
The documentation required to get an ID is NOT free. But you know that. It's the whole point of voter ID laws.
No it's not. Of the docs required in TX to get a voter ID, how many are free? I'll wait. #GOPLies #CantWaitToVoteYouOut
@MichaelRCaputo your local police station  will do an ID there. Also how is anyone claiming governments freebies w/o id
8 years for illegal vote is inhumane.
The issue is PHOTO ID!
another problem: if you move, you need to keep updating your voter registration. Who moves a lot? The poor.
it is doable, though mildly complex. But, a hurdle that strategically blocks certain voters.
yes, and you have to go get one, during business hours. Easy for me, but I don't work three jobs
by putting barriers in place to make it harder to vote, fewer will. And that isn't good for democracy.
The cost of the ID itself is not the barrier. Barriers are time off work, traveling to government offices, childcare, etc.
Wait, who's working without ID? How are they paying taxes?
Voting against you is free. I suggest we all jump on that bargain.
But time and transportation to get said ID is not. Also- automatic voter registration for all. Democracy.
I sm a Texas voter and your constituent. I'd like to be able to come to s townhall to discuss it. Is that possible?
@Lonestar357 Same in ALL states-FREE
where in the constitution does it say you need a state ID to vote?
@kephen Sticker price is free. Real price includes time etc. it's your job to listen to ppl that say it's not easy.
travelling to obtain it and taking time off from work is not
We all know voter ID laws are thinly veiled ways to get around the Voting Rights Acts.
Making excuses for why can't get to DMV for free ID? How do they get to Soc Sec office, Welfare/Benefits office, Dr. office?
yes but the time off work, gas, etc create a problem . DPS in Houston is easily < than 2 hrs unless you can make it to Rosenberg
Usually someone who is working had to show SS Card & Drivers License when hired so they don't need a voter ID Card.
what if they move ?
The law requires the new address to be updated with those agencies.
Pure myth that old and poor can't get ID but vote anyway. Myth.
Silly Kevin....they don't want you to vote.
can I get it renewed online or thru the mail and with instructions in Spanish?
http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
- driver's license only costs $25.00 in Texas,
How much is the cost to tax payers for trips to Mar a Lago? How much do we pay Donald for his trips there  to meet w/Russians?
trump takes no salary...he donates it to charity.  Don't remember bo doing that.
Know what isn't free? Paying for Melania and Donald's separation.
but you still have to acquire one. Many elderly and poor are unable to travel freely. #viewbeyondthecastle
Town hall please; as you can tell from your feed, we're tired of your misinformed tweets.
- Perfect topic to discuss in a Texas town hall
When are you planning for a town hall.i bet you are too afraid to have one.
Mic drop 
if this comment is serious- you need go back to school on this one kid. Let's have a town hall about it?
in 2003 TX Republicans redistreicted TX to ensure GOP control to suppress minorities which you supported
Free maybe, easy to get maybe not. Brother moved from IL last year. Took multiple attempts to get DL - he's born here. Barrier.
it's very easy. Fake news again.
so because voter ID is free, and voter laws are strict, do you think there is truth to @POTUS bullshit lies about massive fraud
Are you from Texas? Not every county has  DMV office to get "free" ID. "Free" ID also requires NOT free ID to get in 1st place.
took me an hour and 45 minutes to vote in November - shouldn't be this hard in America
@kephen how many more  fallacies and socialist dem party mantras r u trolls going to fire at senator cornyn?Even illegls have id
How long are you going to drink the kool-aid before you wake up and are able to see beyond your delusions?
Time off work to stand in line isn’t free. Transportation to the DMV isn’t free.
Just listen to all of these excuses. Free isn't free enough. Boo. Hoo. Hoo. Give me a break.
What isn't free is getting to ofc during hrs, certified docs incl marriage license/divorce decree https://www.dps.texas.gov/driverlicense/electionid.htm …
it's harder to get a divorce than it is to get a dl.   Quit complaining.
but you have to have picture ID which is not - or did DPS just rip me off when I renewed license?
There are taxes in a Drivers License; no cost for Voter I.D. Card.  http://www.dps.texas.gov/DriverLicense/electionID.htm …
Why only available at DPS?  Many people avoid that for good reasons.

Why not make issuance available at other agencies?
when is your next townhall
But, but, they actually have to get up and go get ID. They're so used to Dems busing them to the polls.
My purse was stolen once. Every tried to get ID without ID? You need your TDL Audit num to get a copy of your birth cert online
It took me several trips and a lot of time off work to replace everything. Fortunately I have a flexible, well-paying job.
regardless if the cost, the docs needed to obtain the ID are what's difficult.  By design.
further, please tell us exactly how many Voter IDs have been issued.  Very few.
@kephen you are winning this voter ID argument. Those that don't want ID are afraid voter ID will STOP fraud. There's no excuses
The courts disagree with you. See North Carolina for a start. Their voter ID law was struck down.
Way to school him. They never do the research.
Texas voter ID laws disenfranchised as many as 1.5 million voters. Fact
Evidence?
that doesn't mean that everyone has the ability to go get one. In BCS the DPS isn't even on any of the slim p/t routes here.
No excuse not to have ID, unless you have something to hide.
it sucks when ppl give you a lay up like that. Issues: polling place closure (TX) is the leader. Poor people can't travel far
many people offer to drive others. I do!! Amish don't drive cars.
but is it available to all, especially rural poor and people of color?
also, Alabama closed all ID facilities in majority-black counties. Doesn't that look suspiciously like suppression?
So your interested in engaging with constituents?  Schedule town halls.
Not free to get to the DMV. Poor working when DMV open. Elderly may be too sick to travel.
your too sick to vote then.
getting supporting documentation is not
Time waiting in line for a full day at the DMV in addition to a full day waiting in line to vote isnt free. You are out of touch
I have personally waited ALL DAY at the DMV in McLennan county.
And you have clearly not gone to a crowded DMV in Texas.
3 hours in a DMV line plus drive time is 10% of an hourly workers weekly pay. AKA not free
why not just include your right to vote with a standard Dl or State ID?
There are other costs associated with getting ID, like transportation.
@kephen not free if you need a certified copy of your birth certificate
@kephen State ID in my state costs $4 and there are waiver programs all over the place for free ID. #SoftRacismoftheLeft
The Smithsonian museums are free also. Doesn't mean everyone has equal access to them.
that doesn't mean it it doesn't suppress poor voters
Will you provide ways for people to get these free IDs? Especially shut ins?
if you can't get an id, the. You don't need to vote.  Most old folks have id's before they get old!
