Jestor be joking. God you're clueless if you believe that Trump Russia crap. Liberals are a sucker for #fakenews, research has shown.
You're a clown . Blinded. Hopelessly lost.
Your claim is not true. The media has fooled half of America. Those aren't willing to consider and don't care about the facts.
The narcissist left the White House back in January. You're a stooge for believing the fake news. You've ignored high crimes for 8 years.








Premiums will skyrocket for people with preexisting conditions.
Very nice
Bullshit talker on a bullshit talk show within a bullshit network...sounds about right
CNN you mean!!!!
Nope, pretty sure I meant Fox
The trump family infomercial! " fox n friends " what a sad show ! Just a love fest ! You know he is watching! He needs constant praise
Are you mad they not talking about Russia. I am glad they are covering all news  not only Russia Watch the women panel now
Fox is entertainment, not news ! They are Not even registered as a news net ! So I will never watch it
Why are they number one 1
The best of the best... 
Broken American Dreams
Vote Donald Eugene Lowe
For President The New American Dream
Are you tired of broken dreams try better than past opps
Watching those three schmucks is the equivalent of giving LSD to a person who's brain dead, maybe that's why our Dear Leader loves them. 
Wow stacked sleaze
That a list of morons from capital hill. #termlimits
#makingamericalookDUMBagain
Skeleton policies for healthy people is not #BetterCare! Save #PlannedParenthood & #Medicaid Expansion for women & children. 

All these cry baby liberals.
John, sit down with the Dallas Morning News, Houston Chronicle, and San Antonio Express. Or do you consider them fake news?
Coming up Trump brags about poison  chicken from China
Don't forget Senior Deterte
Really John?!  Really?! You've joined trump's morning watch party of state television?  Sad!! Actually it's sad and pathetic.

NO SUBSIDIES for insurance companies.  Never works to put private business on the Gov tit.  They will grow uglier & never more reasonable.
“Kushner supplemented the list of foreign contacts three times—adding more than 100 names, people close to him said”
Why does this news channel have these English tarts on the channel. Tell them to go home and work on their messed up country!! Piss off!

How many dems including Obama,the Clinton's,and congressional dems have met with those same people?
How many lied on sworn docs? Kushner had to add about 100 contacts after lying on forms multiple times.
Lying on SU86 is a federal crime. #LockHimUp
What a shit show. #worstsenatorinusa
Why Did Loretta Lynch Grant Trump Jr’s Russian Lawyer A Special Visa To Enter America? http://www.infowars.com/why-did-loretta-lynch-grant-trump-jrs-russian-lawyer-a-special-visa-to-enter-america/ … via @realalexjones
Kane needs to back to school and 
re-take his exams about the laws 
and Constitution,
Great show today.  But why can we in America have more shows like yours?  So many of are airways are filled with the left's ideology.
Star studded cast embarrasses themselves by appearing on ... THE DUMBEST SHOW ON TV!
You were fantastic, lots of great points in a few minutes
Repeal ACA as promised! Deal with Medicaid and Medicare in separate bill. We The People are watching all of you
Ah, the smell of state-sponsored media in the morning.
Nope. Fox. State propaganda channel. Any chance you'll be on NPR or a reputable show?

Autocrats when caught:
1: Deny, lie, slander accusers.
2: Say it was a misunderstanding.
3. Boast & say "What are you going to do about it?"
I get the playbook, just don't forget to include Hilary and the DNC on the list of autocrats
She's not currently in office.
And your point is? Still part of the problem
I find Michelle Malkin's viewpoint shockingly ignorant & stupid.  I am scared to think people out there view her as a legitimate journalist
Coming from the #troll with 9 followers. Go visit them, maybe they might like you enough to stay true blue
I would add liberals are greatest threat to America.

Good points on F&F today. You should mention BHO giving tax payer dollars to OneVote to try and unseat Netanyahu in Israels election.
Why would anyone admit  to be on Faux and Fools?
Michelle you are great! Just read the Drudge Report this morning. Loretta Lynch again.
Any chance you can stop calling the others "mainstream" because they're not!
Really?ABC,CBS and NBC have always been mainstream news! Since Obama their just lame stream media!
And you consider yourself a intelligent man? You watch this biased trash?  You need to be gone from Texas.
Coming up...literally no one with any credibility left.
Most would agree, the MSM just launched @DonaldJTrumpJr for President 2024 with their anti-Trump non stop #FakeNews 24x7! #GruberLibs
Careful Senator - I hear they ask really tough questions.
Thanks but I have better things to do with my time than listen 2Traitorpus Trump's state run news outlet  that brainwashes uniiformed ppl.
When will the Pussy King stop telling lies ?
Malkin & Styne ... yes!
The Supreme Leader is in Paris. He'll have to get his daily dose of ego boost somewhere else today.
He has billions you don't he president your not envy your heart away
YOU'RE almost right. I don't have billions. Just like him. I'm not President. Yet. I am envious. Chance to help millions. He helps himself.
BWAAA!Obama and his cartel helped more of our enemies than Americans!Obama policies only work in big cities!
Can't wait for all the breaking news that will come out today!
FOX and Friends:News for the special needs viewer .
The Vomit Squad... Pubic Hair on the Head Transplant Edition...
Here in St Louis me & a White dude deliveing wood at Mobil got jumped by 2 Negroe Youths. We 99% KILLED them both last night. #ObamasSons
"Fox & Friends"

The Most Watched Network by Juvenile Presidents

@realDonaldTrump
#Trump
Good morning friends Do you understand why I love Hawaii 5 O so muchn?
Have a great day 
Coming up the down fall of trump administration
Coming up... the trumpsplaining team. With no moral compass anymore.
It's to refreshing to watch fox and friends  today it's a combination of news  not like CNN MSNBC. Russia Russia Good job guys Steve. A. B

Despite doomsday rhetoric, Obamacare markets are stabilizing
https://www.facebook.com/joseph.esteves.3/posts/1419943994757404 …
And last but certainly not least.....Stuttering Stammering Steve Doocy and his T T T Tied Tongue!
