of course they did... FFS
@IG007 WE WON'T LET THEM! WE ARE BESIDE OUR PRESIDENT @realDonaldTrump!
I WISH I could RT your TWEETS!
I know! I had to send like 4 emails and before I FINALLY got UP!
That's how u KNOW you're doing RIGHT!
Karma has no menu. you get served what you deserve
Less insinuation, more investigation!
@brithume @weeklystandard @JohnCornyn
Did the Obama Administration Try Stacking the Deck Against Trump at the Justice Department? http://tws.io/2lIFOT6  via @WeeklyStandard
Yes. And Obama needs to head back to Chicago.. or Hawaii.. or anywhere else!
Or Kenya.
Or back in the white house 
So that's it!!! Some dems actually think they can "wish" him back  Poor things...
Who says you can't wish and dream? Not sure how that's funny, but good on ya.
Well thank you. I appreciate that. Have a beautiful day.
Schumer 's request for special prosecutor now clear. Damn Democrats. Trump trying to MAGA while they obstruct
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard Yes, Obama is all about destroying the USA not building. @FoxNews @FoxBusiness
Yes! He's living almost in White House backyard. Making unprecedented attempts to interfere w/new administration.

This article and your tweet is propaganda, nothing more. No there there.
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard if he did, thanks Obama!
Brit, don't you think a "Special Prosecutor" is only way we can get to the bottom of this political "Furball?"
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard  Yep they did. And they are continuing to do so.
spot on !
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard Unfortunately Trump "stacked this deck" to the detriment of the USA. John, time to CYA?
Doubt that the Obama regime stacked the deck? If so, you need your meds reevaluated. He's a community organizer.
What planet have you been living on ?
8 YEARS OF Obama TAXING TAXING TAXING...WHERE DID THE $$$ GO??
What? I live on earth.
of course he was that's why he was funneling money to the troublemakers
Obama was a lousy president now he's going to be a big pain in the crack
I think president Trump to have investigation Obama find out where you did with that money and what he's doing
Any doubt Brit?  That group has planned everything down to the smallest detail but a mistake is possible.
yes they did...something needs to be done about obama and cronies!!!!
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard Looks like an special prosecutor is needed to have an independent investigation. Make it happen.
@BossClaw @weeklystandard Abuse of power. #ObamaGate https://www.theatlantic.com/technology/archive/2017/01/obama-expanding-nsa-powers/513041/ …
@JohnCornyn Really?! What does Putin have on you?
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard Diversion from real story. #treason #corruption
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard There was never a peaceful transition of power! Dems were & continue to be furious we voted for Trump!
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard 
Q. If you spread a lie, but do it by asking a question, are you still a liar? 
A. Yup
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard "This may seem far fetched..." #FakeNewsMedia
USA is watching you oh so close on this @JohnCornyn.  Many traitors will be revealed very soon.
Your guess, Brit??  @JohnCornyn
@JohnCornyn @weeklystandard Are you corrupt too, Brit?
glad they did!
I believe there is subversive efforts being made. Guilty parties need to be apprehended and jailed to haunt it.
Ya think?
Yes they did!
Left to Obama, government of the people, by the people, for the people, would vanish from the face of the earth! #Obamagate #MAGA
It's unlikely the deck stacking was limited to the Justice Department.
@alabamamangreg @weeklystandard It's getting very close to time we call all liberals guilty of sedition and treason and arrest thm
Yes,  clean house of all Barry's left over garbage ppl
I think so. Obama and minions are actively trying to subvert Trump administration.
I totally believe they did this, to help Hillary to win so his liberal agenda to continue. To bad it backfired.
@BarackObama is a disgrace. I tried to respect the Office, but #InvestigateObama and surrender your citizenship!
This is so overblown.  Trump should have had his picks to take these jobs, plenty of conservatives available.
you think?
fire all the dems, congress and senate
certainly appears to be the case
@Moviemagician1 @weeklystandard you know they did
Start investigating with Ur contacts.Could have been done by private parties not gov.Check 4 payments. Money trail
is that a satirical question? 
Obama was never a president.He had another agenda.We all no now.
- You bet they did.  Unbelievable - trying to take down an entire Country.
Is there a question????
More from Sneaky Snake  OBAMA ... Doesn't this remind you of MAFIA, SYNDICATE Operations set up???
Obama went to no length to bring down the Republic.
This is the best you can come up with? A change in the succession of attorney general's? This is your conspiracy?
So very sick and tired of the destructive behavior of the left. Their actions tear down rather than build.
OBAMA became Pres.when this country was going to hell and a hand bag.he didn't whine he handled biz man up trump
@POTUS @weeklystandard YES! DESPERADO DEMS "KILL OR B KILLD" STRATEGY NFULLFORCE-UNDRHANDED/UNDRMINING DEATH STRUGGLE2DFEAT TRUMP!
LEDBY SNEAKY LYING DECEITFUL RAT OBAMA-NVESTIGATE HIM-DIVIDED USA-DSTROYD CULTURE-CLOSET MUSLIM-DANGR2PREZ!
@silentmajorityu @weeklystandard It's so obvious Brit!  Of course they did!
there is a lot of evidence that Obama laid a whole series of traps to undermine the current admin!
This goes a long way to corroborate theories of Obama's treachery & contempt for choice of American electorate.
Definitely!  BHO is sleazebag!  He is nothing but a Community organizer from Kenya. Fooled a lot of minions, Not Me!!
I believe this absolutely...he is behind most of this
Absolutely with his puppet master Soros's blessing!
Not only did they try Stacking The Deck Against Trump,They Used A MARKED DECK!!! POTUS TRUMP CLEAN HOUSE!!!
FBI director Comey needs to be fired Obama hold over and he is the one that went to the FISA court to get the tap.
yes
Trump is the Captain...
And Obama is the Ships bot
from WALL-E
Trump needs you Brit!
The US needs you...
Stand up and fight the leftist Media!
@realDonaldTrump @ASavageNation
the creepiness just doesn't stop!
Yes the last admin is proving just how despicable the left are!
Absolutely ... Anything to make Trump look like he is unhinged.
Another wow from the Obama Adm. Don't expect mainstream media to pick up on this story anytime soon.
obama got away with so much stuff that was hurting us. Why do you think we all voted republican. Thinking caps!!!
Why would the Obama Administration change the line of succession at Justice?  The better to leak with, my dear.  All part of sabotage plan.
Totally trying to undermine! Obama should  be investigated for treason !!
of course!!
Of course. Why wouldn't they try everything they could to undermine him?
why is his actions not sedition?
wow...obamas lack of integrity and disdain for us should be the biggest news story in history...
of course he did.
of course Brit, that's what they do.
at what point will he be arrested for treason?
Ya think?
Crooked as they come.
@svmelb @weeklystandard 
Sure 
Moste evil administration in US history
of course he did. Obama is the type of guy that smiles at you all the while he waiting to stab you in the back.
muslim crook who did nothing while he was in office. ..Michelle did more than he did
Barrack Hussein Obama with his hot air and no action put us working Americans behind for the last 8 years
Fabulous tweets and posts, Brit.  Please keep them coming, and may God bless you and yours.
He is pissed because Trump called out his all talk no action Presidency..He didnt even once try to fix my city
He was POTUS and realized something shady was going on. I certainly hope information was saved.Its a real concern
I do believe. BO is evil. He scares me of what he can do.
@waamutoo @weeklystandard america won! Kill Soros! End this divide and conquer
he learned all he knows in Chicago.
BHO's actions include intent.
rhetorical question?
Absolutely
Yes
Obama changed Intel rules 2 destabilize Nation (TREASON!). Subversion of our Government & sedition? @TGowdySC
@waamutoo @weeklystandard Investigate this change to INTEL rules & shadow government to destabilize subvert Nation? Treason?
Yes. Tried and succeeding.
Do ye think?
absolutely. Obama is one of the most deceptive ruthless politicians ever.
45 does have access to dig up dirt on 44 just saying
YES..... and??
Glad the democrats are showing how they really are and the media is helping destroy them. lol
Of course! And they are seething at having lost, so much so that they're planting seeds for 2020 election.
Yes & Obama should be charged with Treason/sedation. This needs to be bigger MSM story!!!
He sure wasn't doing anything to help the country.
you thank that grin says it all " no way this yellow hair old fart goina stop me from distorting US" I got people
YES!
Of course it did
of course he did. Obama has been a divider his entire life
of course. Has never played fair or decent. Slimey!!
of course they did. New York Times basically confirmed that her story about Obama leaving crumbs
You bet he did, Obama is a dirt bag
what dayathink...of course. Continuation of Obama's abuse of power.
This great story by the @weeklystandard is proof positive @BarackObama is an AMATEUR. Kudos to @Ed_Klein  #MAGA
What do we, as citizens, have to do to get rid of the Obama corruption? If elections don't work, what must we do?
NO DOUBT IN MY MIND.
I certainly hope so
YES! Satan himself was very busy in the last days.
always the victim
absolutely! Obummer thought there Hilary would be next in line. He's covering his rear end. Corrupt!
Of course! That is crystal clear.
are you working for russia?
indeedy
yes that's what people are saying but obama had set all kinds of traps for our new pres is very wrong .crime
Obama is such a fraud!
what a fraud!
Yes
IDK. but it sure seems something is stacked
of course, and even trying to sabotage President Trumps presidency. Amazing a former president doing this
it wouldn't surprise me he so political
Investigate, lable him a subversive and send him to Guantanamo Bay
@DebAlwaystrump @weeklystandard yes. Its time for weak Reps to fight back.Put all Dem dirt out there!
yes he's a sore loser who doesn't care about America or Americans he just wants to bring America down
so they made information low level classification so obama people could see it more easily! Very sneaky
of course they did...Obama is seditious and should be arrested
They'll do anything! Anything to get an upper hand. They're failing tho.
in a word YES
Obama left more land mines than their is in Afghanistan.
how about sabotage and traps everywhere based on a phony Russia narrative
Obama is a sneaky snake in the grass!
ya think?
of course.
duh
exactly!  But a few are getting guilt pangs over malfeasance vis-a-vis their sworn duty as officers of the court
naw, he would never do that.
It wouldn't surprise me at all.
no one would care if Donald trump didn't talk down America and talk up Russia consistently
why does everyone keep talking about and blaming Obama? Move on he did! Everything happening now is on Trump.
Obama needs to get out of town! & politics!  Behind that big smile, Mr. Cool personality, lies evil & darkness 
seriously? U guys are crazy! If the roles were reversed u would be investigating for years #benghazj #lies
Of course he did. Axelrods fingerprints are on this
I believe they did
Of course!  And in every other department, including Interior's National Parks.  He left behind saboteurs.
Yes
I'm sure he & his liberal buddies did everything they could to stack the deck & he is still in DC organizing more trouble
