I am overjoyed 2 only see 1 or 2 vocal constituents supporting you. Listen 2 the majority. We'll be voting. #postponeGorsuch
We learned from you, dad,! We learned to block a vote from you!
Look John, most of us have no true objections to Gorsuch. We just object to how you all behaved with regard to Garland. #neverforget
Republicans blocked Garland & would have blocked a Clinton nominee so why wouldn't Democrats 'return the favor'? #hypocrite
@JohnCornyn I simply can't read your partisan crap right now. #IndependentCommission #answers
President is tainted hearings need to put on hold until Russian investigation is done!
Nope. Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland Garland
Why do the Democrats always have to do the responsible thing, yet Republicans can repeatedly violate norms of political behavior?
Is it a different reason than why Republicans we wrong to block vote on #merrickgarland?
There should not be a #Gorsuch vote while #Russiagate remains an open investigation! #TrumpRussia

You do realize there is an actual investigation right?
You do realize that investigation has turned ZERO evidence of collusion AND they are also investigating the illegal leaks?
An investigation in which Michael Flynn is asking for immunity - why if innocent? Wait until investigation is closed before voting on SCOTUS
One has nothing to do with the other
We shouldn't vote on nominations for SCOTUS made by a president who is under investigation. Trump's nomination should be tabled.
You're hysterical! Ain't gonna happen, wanna know why? Because the Russia story is BS Dem propaganda to take focus away from leaks
MERRICK FN GARLAND
MERRICK FN GARLAND
MERRICK FN GARLAND
MERRICK FN GARLAND
MERRICK FN GARLAND
MERRICK FN GARLAND
So, what you're saying is the GOP was wrong to block Garland?  Hypocrite.
Nope. Wrong if they don't block. Remember what you did to #merrickgarkand ?
- For the same reason Republicans were wrong to block Garland.
can we pls get Why It Would Be Wrong To Confirm A Lifetime SCOTUS Appt. While The President Is Under FBI Investigation?
The seat was STOLEN. Mitch talked about how glad he was 2 tell Obama 2 his face that he'd never seat Garland on SCOTUS. Stopped it 4 a Year
Sorry, but I dont believe alt-45 should be allowed 2 nominate in his last year as President. Russia scandal is just heating up!
Why Republicans are wrong to fall in line with a president under investigation for treason. Results in 2018-2040
What about the up or down vote Merrick Garland deserved u hypocrite. Ur filled to the chin with bullshit.
Now u know how it feels. Frustrating its it!
Is that why you blocked @BarackObama #SCOTUS nominee #MerrickGarland 
You're a lying hypocrite #fakepolitican
And yet GOP was wrong to refuse to consider Garland. Hypocrites.
Gorsush is for Corp and inhumane...has vote against the working class
Pls, hold a town hall and explain to our faces. Tweet ur hypocritical BS all day long, but hide from constituents. Seems u know the truth.
Jerk
Just curious, do you think Republicans were wrong to deny Merrick Garland the courtesy of a hearing?
I agree. Ds shouldn't block, the vote should be postponed until Russian investigation is over.
.@JohnCornyn @CNN Very dishonest of you John, no surprise. No mention of Garland in your op piece. Was he not also supremely qualified?
GOP does not respect Dem capitulation. So enough. Gorsuch needs 60 votes.  If McConnell goes nuclear to subvert, so be it.
Ds might b wrong but how long can you play w/ only one side following the rules? Rs are corrupt. Admin corrupt. Lies abound. 45 legit?
Because it would make them look like Republican obstructionists such as you, Senator?
Because Gorsuch is not qualified for the bench, that's why..
Let your constituents weigh in on this at your town hall meeting.
Cause they shouldn't act as unstatesmenly as the Republicans did to Judge Garland.
:  not accusing. Just cautious.
:  sometimes people become unwitting participants. Not knowing, but unwitting. It's important to be sure. Do not rush.
:  what if putting Mr Gorsuch on SCOTUS is also part of The Plan?  (Vlad's plan, that is.). It's important to be sure.
No lifetime appt by someone under FBI investigation. That's the new rule. Sort of like the "no appt in last year of presidency" rule.
Remember Merrick Garland? Didn't even get a hearing?
If GOP makes up rules for when it's "ok" to vote, here's a new one: Any popular vote loser under investigation for treason shall get no noms
Really John???? You're pedaling some royal crap there!!
2 problems...1. Mr.45 is most probably a traitor along with most of his thugs. 2.Obama's nominee ? No vote? WTF?
Senator, Vote NO on Gorsuch - nomination would be illegal since nominator to be found guilty of treason. #noprobenorobe #trumprussia
The dictionary should have a special section for the word hypocrisy. Photos of republicans can be switched out accordingly.
Did @CNN run the headline "@gop robs Obama of his #SCOTUSnominee!!" They sure as hell should have. #soon2beformersenatorcornyn
2things wrong with this. #trumpRussiagate investigation and #MerrickGarland . Let's see if 45 is a criminal first, shall we
Why was it right not to even talk with Merrick Garland?
Let's make sure we have a legit President before we make any irrevocable decisions. He may very well be in the lsst year of his term.
So, it's only a problem when it's democrats then? They block it or we will primary them. We will fight this obstruction by Republicans.
I can't remember a time when Texas had such horrible Senators. Cruz and Cornyn are absolute scumbags who only answer to campaign donors.
We need an independent Judiciary branch. @JohnCornyn, as your constituent, I urge you to #StopGorsuch. #WeObject
Merrick Garland.
Disagree! The man gives me chills.
Why did Republicans not follow up with hearings on Merrick Garland? He received the same rating from the ABA as did Gorsuch.
And YOU are such a good judge of "non-partisan" action... ROFL!
#merrickgarland
A couple of things. First you seem enamored with plain text reading of the Constitution. I guess I can surmise u think Dred Scott v Sanford
should still be law of the land. Good to know. Second, Merrick Garland sits on a court and has credentials very similar to Judge Gorsuch.
Pfft! Why should you believed about anything when you've say you aren't able to reach a conclusion on @realDonaldTrump's wiretapping claim?
Well written article. I appreciate the process but would like to see less sound bites and more reasoning.
Probably the same reason it is bad to block a nominee for almost a year pending an election.
Hypocrite.  It really is amazing how your party pulls every cheap trick in the book and then acts like a victim when you get challenged.
You didn't care a year ago when you blocked Judge Garland.
Or alternatively why they would be right:  Garland. Garland. Garland.
how can we have a vote during an investigation? Keep putting party and russia first and see what #2018 & #2020 will bring.
No, they should not vote for Gorsuch. DT is a lying, racist bully pres who is under FBI investigation. There's a dark cloud over his admin.
If the GOP hadn't tossed softball ?'s anyone could answer while the DEM tossed hardball ?'s he wouldn't answer, we might have agreed.
Merrick Garland, first, of course.  Second, Trump about to be impeached/resign, so why should he get to give a LOUSY justice lifetime job?
Reset the balance John. Give Merrick Garland his fair hearing then we can talk Gorsuch.
Does anyone one remember @SenateMajLdr saying they "would block a Clinton nominee for 4 years". I do. You started it @GOP. Lump it
NOPE bring ON the NUCLEAR OPTION
*cough* Merrick Garland *cough*
- #noprobenorobe If Clinton was Pres & FBI confirmed active crim investig ongoing, would GOP vote on SCOTUS nom? No way!
Are they the same reasons you ignored your responsibilities on #GarlandNotGorsuch
GFY.  #Garland
#MerrickGarland Treasonous Presidents in last year of office dont get to appoint to SCOTUS. Whats good for the goose...
You literally have no credibility here. None.
Just once I wish you'd say something that was true or intelligent. He may be technically qualified, but standard should be higher than that
Not to mention, I don't know how you can justify your hypocrisy, since you wouldn't let the last nominee even come to the floor for a vote.
Stop crying  over a vote you spend 8 years blocking obama.
Or u mean like GOP were wrong to block #MerrickGarland ?
REPUBLICAN B S .
As your constituent, I think you should join them in blocking Gorsuch. #stolenseat #merrickgarland #noprobenorobe
When will you be meeting with Merrick Garland?
What was your vote on Merrick Garland? After you vote on him, we can move on to Gorsuch.
Two problems: Merrick Garland, plus, no confirmations while investigation into Trump's Russia ties is ongoing.
FU John! A traitor doesn't get 
Why Republicans were wrong to not even give Garland a hearing? He is well qualified..  You will not be reelected!!
Why they're not wrong: Admin is under investigation and the seat was stolen from Merrick Garland.
Nonsensical as ever, John.

Sorry John, I can't see you make an argument like this without laughing since you did not even give Garland a hearing. You reap what you sow
Broken record. You're wrong.
a fake president should not nominate anyone to any position until the Russian collusion has been fully investigated
Where's the companion article: why GOP is wrong to not hear 44s choice?
Yet republicans blocking a hearing, let alone a vote, is just AOK, huh??
@JohnCornyn please explain how your brain functions
not well
Cornyn is #complicit in his push for party desires over the country's best interests. No surprise though. @TexasGOP parrots @potus
Oh, so block voting on partisan lines is WRONG now because it's against you?
Oh snap! 
Hypocritical much?
Seriously?!  Is this all you care about?!
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland much?
This seat was stolen from Merrick Garland.
Exactly. No one cares if he is qualified. President lacks popular mandate. McConnell told us this is the most important thing to consider.
Agreed;however,your colleagues have encouraged&been complicit in extreme partisanship.This is the result of that. SHAME!
Stop this vote. You R's seem to be intent to prove you cannot govern.  Until you straighten these many problems out how can we trust you?
Either Merrick Garland gets a hearing or no one does.
Says a member of the party who blocked #MerrickGarland from even having a HEARING!  #hypocrites PS- no seat until investigation ends!
The people of the United States do not want Gorsuch to be voted in.
Why would you not want someone to judge by the law and not his feelings?
we would. Gorsuch doesn't.
He has a proven track record and was already confirmed by the democrats before. Just stop lets concentrated on real issues.
Would you stop with this Gorsuch BS? You're not changing any minds anyway. Don't you think the shitstorm around the WH is a bigger deal?
listen, we get it. you think poor people should freeze to death for their employers. we'd just rather not have a fake @POTUS appoint him
That is total nonsense and shouldn't be repeated
House of cards is falling down around @POTUS & @JohnCornyn & GOP still shoving a LIFETIME SCOTUS nom down our throats. No.
No Americans voted
Russia is the priority
HAHAHAHAHAHA Kinda like the GOP f*** up not letting Garland have a hearing? Admit it! Y'all were so stupid!
Vote and confirm Gorsuch.
