I want the wall built and our borders secure.  Mercy this one is a no brainer.  Americans first.  We have dreamers too.
You guys are liars.
Adorable how you still think you can believe what 45 says.
Looks like he wants DACA.
Speaking of denying, I deny @tedcruz @JohnCornyn
He does have a habit of denying things...
Insane dude.
He's denying for his base & trying to sound like there's deal for other 75% of the country. He'll learn he can't have his cake & eat it 2
Honeymoon didn't last long
Newsflash: Trump lies about everything all the time. Why did you endorse him John? Why do you obstruct for him?
So hateful JOHN!  Must you oppose any progress!?
He's an expert at obstruction.  Did it for 8 years with Obama.  Try working John.  Get out of that male filled back room & work for TX & USA
Of course the bigot will deny it. Heaven forbid he did something decent.
That's too bad your president is a pathological liar. #ImpeachTrump #FireSarah
We'll see.  Don't trust U or Trump.  He just wants to win something.  Get on the train or it'll leave without U.
What? You mean he says one thing and then another? Within a day of each other? Say it isn't so...
That means yr boy Trump is lying. It ALWAYS does. Or are you a Trump Bullshit Thrall, John?
Schumer Pelosi denied themselves.
Read president Trumps tweets for today, DACA will be done, his base wont care. its a 12 percent issue.
promoting divisiveness John? Now that you don't need their votes on hurricane relief ur back to ur old tricks.
Nice try Cornyn
Dude needs to do his job and listen to his constituents instead of trying to be clever w/pie charts.
Your criticism  of bipartisan agreement makes you a denier that a huge majority of Texans should have rights & protections. Vote you out
Wait. You're surprised trump went back on his word?!  Seriously?!
Wow, what a big surprise. He's a liar. Who would have thought it?
You just tweet the writing of others. Hold a town hall and let's hear what original answers you have. Oh, none?
yep that's the way he rolls sad
I think it's really cute that you believe anything he says!
WE WANT THE WALL! @GOP better start improving America for working-class Americans or there will be hell to pay at midterms! @GOPChairwoman
No surprise. He lies about everything
Release the tax returns
Of course he does
Look at his tweets and his plane newser, you guys are being rolled.
We'll see what happens,but something will happen!'(We're looking to allowing people to stay here' )
Trump has proven repeatedly that his word means nothing.
Read the words more carefully.  Quite specific, and Wall incl current renovation.  Crafty Trump
So tell me John who do you believe??
It's OK! They're negotiating. I can live with that.
He's lying. Obviously.
Where does Cornyn stand on building the wall? Where does Cornyn stand on funding the wall? Cornyn chk with McConnell?
You do know he's lying to you don't you? Oh, you thought he only lied to democrats? Well, yep, he lied. Again. To you.
Trump is just plain crazy. His word has no meaning.
Who lies the most?
We believe his tweets. He said it would be MEAN to throw out Dreamers. Trump wants a path to long term legalization for Dreamers. 
They never said they had a final agreement.
More #Russian bots!!!
Get tid of Dreamers & you cut off 780,000 that contribute to SS.  Mayb no SS for  you. Poetic justice.
Trump just confirmed what Pelosi and Schumer said is true.
Pelosi and Schumer are more of a reliable source than lying Don.
Trump's word is worthless and yours isn't much better.
How is your false prophet doing? #AmnestyDon #MAGA #BLM #2a
It's changed since he tweeted denial. I know!  It's hard to keep up with a flip flipping liar, isn't it?
Be like Ted and blame a staffer
No fucking wall...people in Texas and Florida need help from the hurricanes and flooding.  Are you dense?
Just face that you are dealing with a man who has no loyalty to anyone but himself. He is not a conservative, he is a self preservationist
It's funny how behind the #2 Senate Republican so often finds himself.
Amazes me how you're so hard for kicking people out of the country,that pay taxes and with that your salary...just because they're not white
You've already sealed ur reelection fate, John, we know who U are. A traitor to your country & the people you supposedly serve #ImpeachTrump
Yes, because he never lies and is always truthful. Boy oh boy.
Uh....no. No he did not. Just the opposite. Time for you to go.
No surprises there- 
Your tears are delicious
They are.
Trump denies lots-o-stuff. Russia. Obstruction. Russia. Emoluments. Russia. Racism. Russia. Voter Suppression. Russia. Misogyny. Russia.
This is a picture of what CHUCKIE wants to do to the citizen/taxpayer!  STOP CHUCKIE NOW!
this from the same @realDonaldTrump who pledged  $1 million for hurricane relief & then took it back, why should we believe him!
I thought agreements of this magnitude required people like you to debate and vote. Executive branch doing the legislators job got us here.
Maybe the purpose of this whole charade is to get people like you to earn your keep and do your damn job.
Trump should be VERY CAREFUL...There may be TAPES of the agreement! Did you search Schumer?
Did you search Trump? He likes to claim he had tapes of Comey, but again could produce them. Your false prophet played republicans for fools
Lol. You/re a tool & a Nazi. Sit down.
The only thing or action that can save Trump at this point now is to completely kill DACA cold turkey .. nothing else will.
And you're siding with the known liar?
We have 600 illegals in Houston. How did that happen ? No amnesty ever . National suicide. I have seen them burning our flag . Shame
Wrong again, John. You support a liar who has no loyalty to you or anyone but himself and his $. Own it. #ImpeachTrumpPence
Yes, we can read too. Don't you have anything to do? Does your State have some issues after hurricane? Get to work
He is the least trustworthy president in history. Truly an embarrassment to the all Americans. And YOU fully support his horrible agenda!

Going to have to start recording those meetings
LOL Trump caved 

This was the day Luis Gutierrez became president, in no less the same week he smeared a general for serving his country. It's beyond sad
..The massive exodus from the base is already occurring as we speak .
Why would Pelosi and Schumer lie about it?
Best check the headlines again. Your false prophet played you for a fool. #AmnestyDon
When has he ever told the truth?

