The "Democrat" plan is the Affordable Care Act. You may recall it as the law your party's been sabotaging for years. https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/893639316303478789 …
No it hasn't, that's the point: insurers are participating & the "death spiral" hasn't happened. Only way it blows up is if YOU blow it up.
Hmmm...
This article is over a month old. Since it was published, state regulators have persuaded insurers to offer plans in most of those counties.
In OH, for example, 19 of 20 counties that had no insurer in June after Anthem exited have since found at least one carrier to offer plans.
And BTW: did you read Anthem's announcement when they exited Ohio? They specifically said it was because Trump was interfering with CSR.
https://www.cms.gov/Newsroom/MediaReleaseDatabase/Press-releases/2017-Press-releases-items/2017-06-13.html …
Again, that's an outdated link from two months ago. Check out what's happened since then:
The second link was about much more than Ohio and it's not that old.
You're a liar and a really bad one at that.
Then why did y'all appear to do everything in your power to hurt its success from inception-present?
I mean using ACA money to run ads against it doesn't count as sabotage?
Or years of legal obstacles caused by @GOP, state-level sabotage w/ medicaid expansion...We want #SinglePayer now!
Bullshit. You advocate not paying CSR's, which sabotages the ACA.
This also sabotages the indie market where small businesses (mine) buy healthcare.

If this happens, YOU will be responsible.
We're still expecting #RealRepeal! #FullRepeal #FreeMarket #KeepThePromise #UnitedForFreedom 
Don't think we aren't watching!
You don't care about the middle class, I will volunteer and fight your sick ideals
No it is being sabotaged by @realDonaldTrump admin
Such bullshit from my senator.  Can't wait till you're up for re-election
Yes sabotage.
Sabotage. Still lying.
It's like he thinks we're all the 33% and can't internet.
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED ONLY! NO trumpcare or other socialized medicine period! #UnitedforFreedom!
Repubs are sabotaging/defunding the insurance markets causing chaos. Insurance likes stability. Stop lying about healthcare. Go count rubles
Who was it that said "if you tell a lie often enough it becomes the truth?" #stupidshitgopsays
response reminds me of "No puppet. No puppet. You're the puppet."
One again here is @PodSaveAmerica also calling you out for the liar you are. To think you were a judge, I shudder.

Insurance commissioners: Trump sabotage threatens the viability of markets. "Our market wouldn't recover." 
https://www.nytimes.com/2017/08/07/us/politics/health-insurance-subsidy-cuts-trump.html?_r=0 …
You're not finished with health care and the promise made for #FullRepeal! Back to work! #UnitedForFreedom
Ha. False. You and your repubs never wanted it to work. Remember we are paying your salary. You work for ALL Texans!
Wouldn't be surprised if there is insurance collusion....how much r u getting paid?
That a FU to the supreme idiot Rick Perry. Y'all are a spiteful and hateful bunch who use regular people as political pawns.
Source-
Stand #UnitedForFreedom & stand w/ #FreedomCaucus! #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal. #FreeMarkets r the answer! Innovation! Not gov't monopolies!
Republicans voted 60 times to repeal during Obamas Presidency.   You dont care about people you prove it daily
Literally everyone else disagrees with you, from CBO down to your bosses.
No sabotage? What do you call refusing 100B in Medicaid leaving millions of poor Texans w/out healthcare in opposition to Obamacare?
Clean repeal!
I recently had a recurring health problem.  Extremely painful. Without the protections of the ACA, I would be in a serious financial crisis.
Republicans will be blamed for Obama's mess
Do wrong thing is worse than doing nothing
#Constitution #Liberty #COS #FullRepeal #NoReplace
Every GOP candidate promised FULL repeal. #KeepThePromise #FullRepeal Get with it or get out!
GOP & u are actively sabotage..,
Why are you #Lying , Senator? #ResistWithHonor
I have it when I have to discern whether my elected representative is ignorant or lying.
I expect more.
I hate it when...
You're lying again John.
You sir, are a formidable LIAR.
Liar
Since you majority-holding Repubs can't agree on something new, how about working with the Ds to fix it for ALL Americans? DO YOUR JOB!!
Damn John, another Koch bender? Come on, put down the Koch straw and get some help.

Demonstrably sabotaged by Republicans left and right... By Rubio's assault on risk corridors or removal of Medicare expansion. Sabotage..

You hurt your state's residents, by turning down federal funds to expand Medicaid in Texas.
Fake news.
I beg to differ. You have been working with ins companies to guarantee it will fail and you and the ins companies fill your pockets.
I live in an R controlled state with a smart Gov.! WE could be POSTER CHILD for doing it correctly! STOP THE LIES!
It IS sabotage, Sir.
The #ACA is not failing on its own – it is being actively sabotaged by @POTUS and the Republican Majority in Congress. #ProtectOurCare 
Please be the Statesman who fixes healthcare, not the talking points politician, Senator.  This doesn't help citizens who want good health.
Don't think so Senator. Your POTUS has been taking action specifically to kill it. Your delays w/Trumpcare added.
@resisterhood At last check, it's still in place.
.@JohnCornyn your denial of sabotage is laughable! You must think all of America is uninformed.

Cops call that a tell, Senator, when you make a statement without using a subject--let alone a verb. It means you're lying.
Shuttering help centers isnt self-destruction.
Your party's latest efforts have destabilized the insurance market with threats that cost sharing is doomed. Good job! Stabilize the market!
That's a crock & you know it. There has been a concerted effort by the GOP to kill this law since it's inception, right up to ur failed bill
I have an idea. Grow up, talk to others and actually govern. Otherwise, go home. You had 7 years to come up with the better plan. You failed
Texas has the most uninsured citizens of any state, and the highest maternal mortality rate. That's how Repuglican policies play out.
I am really hoping we will find out that someone else authors these tweets. I just don't want to believe a senator is tweeting like this.
We will get him out of office soon. He's mean.
The GOP did everything they could to sabatoge it. You were all too insecure under the OWH.
Quit the play acting it was your RINOS that sabotage this! I hope they repeal you, Mitch, McCain and the rest of your bunch
Wrong,  you n Repugs did it.  77015
Maybe so, but you've done NOTHING to repair what is flawed.
You're a delusional partisan hack. Your party is single handily responsible for slowly chipping away at ACA for past 7 years. GOP = sabotage
Well tell your buddy @GovAbbott to start focusing more on #MedicaidExpansion and less on Bathrooms.
You are a liar.
Repeating what your ruler spits out does not make it real. It won't self-destruct. Change and improve instead of destroy and hate.
It's the LAW respect it and work on making it better, that's your job, America knows you are not doing your job.
Oh--and I loved the whole wide-eyed surprise during @Billbrowder testimony too. You will not soon win an Oscar, though.
Wish I could be there when you get turned away from the pearly gates you mendacious demon.
Except 20 million people now have insurance.
When do you stop with the name calling and do something constructive?  Your act is getting old.
What happened to the 7.5 years of repeal bills you passed? We're the just air and fluff?
You are a liar John Cornyn. Trump himself is sabotaging it along with the rest of Republicans.
Liar
Wrong, the GOP has done everything it can to ensure its failure. Texas deserves better than Cornyn.
Oh come on John. Do you think we're stupid or just not paying attention?
"No sabotage", he said. Haaaaaaaaassaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa haaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa haaaaa haaaaa haaaaaaaaaaa haaaaaaaaaa haaaaaaaaa
Do your job! Work with Dems to repair the ACA!
Why didn't you do your job & repeal. The Spineless Senate voted many times for that until it became the Anti-Trump vote. We will remember!
That's an absolute flat-out lie, John, and you know it.
Wrong. It was sabotage and the suffering of Americans is in large part due to your party's blatant corruption. Shame on you.
And lack of compassion
Republicans could fix Obamacare with the stroke of a pen. But they think winning means watching Americans die. We call those ppl terrorists.
Hmmm..... I guess that's why repeal and replace is so popular??
You're so full of shit John. Let's go check who donated to you. I see a lot of money coming from health care. You've been bought.
Yes GOP has been sabotaging from onset. Start wit Texas, refusing Medicaid expansion
Disengenuous and you know it. Work across the aisle Senator. Show leadership.
See you all at the polls, thanks for the gift of getting the House back. Maybe you’ll give up the Senate too?
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
We've done a lot better in WA than most states because the DEMS got on board the #ACA & worked FOR US. Imagine if every state had done that?
FACT: #Obamacare is only 'exploding' in red states where @GOP governors have successfully sabotaged the program http://fw.to/ajtmW6i  #ACA
In the States that accepted Medicaid expansion and did not have GOP sabotage it, the rates have been quite stable.
#BREAKING: Study shows ObamaCare markets are "stabilizing," not collapsing
Record number of Obamacare sign-ups on http://HealthCare.gov  for 2017 health insurance coverage
And the threats of not paying the CSRs, which is THE LAW by the way, is causing insurers to increase premiums due to uncertainty. #Sabotage
No, you sabotaged it. Rep states not accepting expansions and funding is why insurers are leaving, because they dont have enough policies.
Well that all depends on the state, republican governors, threats of non-payment & YES sabotage with GAO requesting investigation.
We didn't expand Medicaid. That would have helped out a lot of us Texans.
@JohnCornyn, your insincerity it appalling.
You know better than that, John.
lol.  seriously john, try just a bit harder.  surely you can do better.
Sorry kiddo. Creating confusion and hysteria in insurance markets is sabotage. Insurers have been saying it for months.
Ex-Medicare head: GOP using 'sabotage, speed and secrecy' to pass ObamaCare repeal
John Cornyn is the biggest idiot in the GOP.

Sabotaged. #SaveACA
John how many votes did you guys do?
LIAR. #canCornyn2020 1184 more days
Literally, how the GOP sabotaged the ACA.
Wow you say as you have the best Health care in the land and I struggle to pay 10k in bills! FIX it!
The many ways in which the GOP sabotaged ACA would in no way fit into 140 characters.
Now you know this isn't true, yet here you are typing it.
How can he just straight lie and not feel guilt?
It's the @GOP's plan, drafted by @Heritage

We all agree that ACA needed to be improved but you failed in your responsibility to your constituents to offer viable alternative.
Absolutely false!
https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ … Still silence from you on this? Do you condone foreign influence in our elections?
More propaganda?  Do you ever tire of spewing falsehoods?
DO YOUR JOB CORNYN.  Standing behind the left hand shoulder of McConnell was not it.  The only reason ACA will self destruct is because of u
@MerriamWebster please help this Senator out. PS I can loan you my dictionary is you have an ATX town hall.
Lies from @JohnCornyn. Shocking.
Senator Emptysuit: you are WRONG
Congress/state GOP restricted promotion/enrollment, refused Medicaid expansion, deleted risk corridor payments, removed #ACA revenue streams
The #MAGA minions who elect your colleagues believe your party's LIES. #ACA has worked in states that implemented in the intended manner.
Republicans stopped funding subsidies to insurances, So insurance companies left the system.
Ohmuhgod. You're one of those who believes everything Trump tells you, aren't you? SAD!
You know that's a lie. You Republicans invented the word obstruction. Too bad you fail bigly on governing
BullShit! John. That is pure bullshit and a lie and you know it.
Those of us that want ACA to stay-we know ur lying & those that want it gone, don't care what u say as long as u do it, so who u lying for?
Deliberately destroyed more likely
Please stop promulgating the lie that you and your GOP colleagues aren't sabotaging the ACA. Because you are.
@resisterhood BULLSHIT! GOP trashed risk pools. GOP refused 2 expand Medicaid. GOP threats non payment of CSRs. GOP sued & sued!
.@JohnCornyn If it self-destructed (with GOP help), make it better rather than deny healthcare and Medicaid to millions. #TXVoter
Bullshit.
John, you know very well that is completely false. When will you people stop your lies and shady dealings?
How can you look yourself in the mirror and lie like that?
Sabotaged by red states
In FW what you just said is found on the ground in the stockyards
"Let it fail and blame the Dems" is effectively sabotage. Phrases like criminal negligence and depraved indifference come to mind. #ACA
Now John you're just lying. Stop your sabotage. Enforce indv mandate(GOP principle of personal responsibility),stop creating mkt uncertainty
No sabotge? Republicans staged 60 votes to repeal ACA over the years. Now threats to withhold cost sharing. Destabilizing markets = sabotage
Bullshit.
You abandoned a position as a judge and enforcer of justice to spread propaganda and advocate a pyramid scheme, and you suck at it.
Keep lying, sirrah. You're good at that, anyway.
My God, you CAN'T be that stupid. That's like an arsonist saying he isnt to blame cuz the house was there when he lit it & it burned later.
On your watch sir, on your watch.
That might work if we haven't been watching you for the past seven years - actions speak louder than words.
Your ability to revise history at the drop of a hat would be impressive if it weren't so utterly disgraceful.
Work with Dems to improve #ACA  quit the partisan bs and show some leadership!
@GOP 
Failed by design. And you just can't let it go. Polite decorum in the distinguished deliberative body will end the US and the world.
This could describe the current administration.
Explain to your constituents that they're stupid
The entire health sector is self destructing...has been for two decades.  ACA is just the wrapper that happens to be around it at the end.
That is a big fat lie and you know it @JohnCornyn
That's a lie & I know you know it. Well, you did before Trump & Obama. What happened? Drink the Kool-aid? Getting $ for pol retirement?

Sabotage.  M-to-Month in-decisions on funding insurance pools. No enforcement of individual mandate.  Stop being a Debbie downer and fix it!
What does NSA have on you????
If your air is cut off.  It's not that you were denied oxygen, you just choice not to breath.
Nobody is falling for your bull, Senator.
You & GOP sabotaged it. Party before people; party before country. Hold townhalls & explain 2 Texans how you & Abbott, et al sabotaged it.
That is a lie. Even the insurance companies admit that the @GOP destabilized markets & sabotaged ACA.
Bald faced liar
No, you're not man enough to work with the Democrats to fix the ACA. Your party over country. You guys always have an excuse.
ACA has problems.  Everyone has known for years.  GOP wouldn't consider fixing, D's couldn't do it alone.  GOP@owns it now.
Definitely sabotage by Rs and trump.
Sorry John. Sabotaged, it was. And FYI, the plan originated with the conservative Heritage Foundation- as a way to avoid single-payer.
Let's get together and talk about it at a town hall, Senator.
Lmao even insurance companies have been calling you out on the sabotage. You've lost all credibility John Cornyn. You are a complete puppet.
Nope. SABOTAGE
From here it looks it self preserved pretty well in Senate   Shooting hatred laced bills doesn't work
You know nothing, John Cornyn.
We all know it is being sabotaged
GOP controls the vast majority of the government state to federal & what does not get fixed YOU own
Sabotage. By every state who chose not to participate. Including ours, Senator.
You Repuglicans sabotaged it, undercut it, refused to enact Medicaid expansion, and defunded ins reimbursements. Are you lying or ignorant?
With your help. You got 180k to sabotage it jerk ass
.@JohnCornyn republicans have been lying abt ACA since day 1- Now even republicans don't want at least parts of it repealed.
What is worse than a liar? That would be John Cornyn, you are a despicable little man who has no integrity and no courage, who r u Johnny??
No
It was, and still is being sabotaged. Medicaid expansion?
We'll see you in Austin at the Texas Tribune Festival. Hope you're ready for this debate.
The ACA has saved lives. Your opposition to that is very telling.
Lots of reports of the sabotage, dude. But, keep it up with the lies.
Thats akin to calling murder assisted suicide
Face your constituents, coward!
Bovine fecalmatter and you know it. You are Trussian.
I'm from Texas.....you're my Senator.  I'm ashamed.
Sorry buddy. It's more like it was sabotaged(imploded) in Republican states and it went well in the one's Republicans couldn't fuck with.
Now John,  you know that's not true. Why did the @GOP hold up contracted payments long enough to mess up the exchanges?
No it is sabotage. No matter how much you deny it their are GOP fingerprints all over it. We will remember 2018 2020
Why don't you and the other 99 senators work together to fix it?  Why the secret, exclusionary GOP meetings?
It may've self destructed but the senate R's sure haven't helped put it to bed.  If anything, they have been keeping it a float, just sayin'
You lie AND are in with Flynn - and Trump.
SuperPac got ur back 2? No need to represent ur constituents. GOP = voter suppression, gerrymandering & dark $.
SABOTAGED!!  2020 LOOMS, BE AFRAID 
I am your constituent! Work for a solution !! @SenWhitehouse @SenFeinstein @SenatorCollins
Really? You are that delusional? Or is it lying?
