Taxes? Really? Taxes aren’t killing people at concerts.
He can't talk abt gun control..will piss off the NRA. Btw he has an A+ rating with the NRA ...
Name the "gun control" that would prevent LV? Other than repeal 2A which will never happen.
Only allowing the purchase of 1 assault rifle?
Any other constitutional amendments you want to abolish rather than address mental health issues?
The 2nd amendment was to defend against government. What are your “legal” AR-15s going to do against a tomahawk? #smalldickcomplex
Do you know what it takes to amend the constitution?
The constitution gave you the right to assault weapons?? No the NRA and crooked elected officials did
Entire text at
I'm irritated that you or your staff didn't read (or remember) that the quote you cherry picked doesn't actually say what you claim it does.
I'm pretty sure they know.
Yeah... Still irritated though.
Why are you quoting Obama out of context to lobby the public for tax cuts for your donors? This makes you look even more corrupt.
Obama's taxes for 2011. Where are Trump's?


Also from his speech: "parade of lobbyists has rigged the tax code to benefit particular companies and industries."
"Those with accountants or lawyers to work the system can end up paying no taxes at all."
Out of context "For example, over the years, a parade of lobbyists has rigged the tax code to benefit particular companies and ... " 1/3
" ... industries.  Those with accountants or lawyers to work the system can end up paying no taxes at all.  But all the rest ... " 2/3
" ... are hit with one of the highest corporate tax rates in the world.  It makes no sense, and it has to change. " 3/3
Sen Cornyn any thoughts?
U expect middle class to pay more? CEO salaries are an insult to hard wking Americans. #Wewillrememberin2020
Please get rid of all the loopholes at the same time. Statutory v Effective tax rate Do the Corporations really have it so bad?  Don't trick

Obama & Dems offered bill to lower tax rate to 28%, but you, Mitch, Paul, & rest of GOP refused to allow the bill to come to the floor! Why?
Lower corporate tax is WRONG,I don't care who wants it lowered.Your constituents don't want it lowered.That's what you need to know!
And then you obstructed EVERYTHING he wanted to do. #VoteDem2018 #TrumpRussia
I didn't like that then. I don't like it now.
Corporations take advantage of tax breaks the average person doesn't even know about. Or use.
Fake News

And to whom will that tax burden shift? The middle class you say? Sure they're not taxed nearly enough! This has to Stop! Tax the rich!!!
Stop we all know that is a lie you all are feeding greed in yourself and the 2%
We also have open borders AND a welfare state. Makes no sense.
To bad,so sad. Rich get richer. America being screwed by republicans giving breaks to rich contributors
How was dinner with @potus? Sensible gun safety regulation. And I'm in the middle class and I didn't ask for a tax cut - neither should you.
Since you're quoting presidents:
Ronald Reagan wrote an Op-Ed 10 years after he and Jim Brady were shot on a D.C. sidewalk http://nyti.ms/2fIRDaA  
Also as a worker for a multi-billion dollar corporation. I can safely say that tax cuts will only help shareholders and executive.
But when a corporation like at&t have so many loopholes and only pays around 8%? That's nowhere near 35%.
THIS has to change:
Graphic by state- select your state and you will get the list and amount each received from NRA https://twitter.com/RWPUSA/status/915056396101718020 …
It appears a good deal of my tax dollars are going to corporate welfare .... how bout getting rid of that?
Have power do something about it DO NOTHING CONGRESS 
WRONG.
So I should pay higher taxes so your rich donors can pay less? Do you think I’m that stupid? Are you that greedy? Party over country in GOP!
No your not going to distract is !!
How many years has you been in Congress and how long has tour party been in control maybe you are the source
That is the only thing in the tax code that yall should change! No more tax cuts for the rich!!!!
BS John. Actual is much lower than statutory. U kno that. Quit playing us for fools.
How about getting rid of the carried interest Senator?
Thanks for doing your part in attempting ruin the internet you offensive fool.
Predictably, we’re already off of the largest terrorist gun slaughtering and back to taxes.
Cornyn, you must own stock in Twitter as much as your on it
can't wait to vote you out!
Fine, happy to see you fixing a problem. But you better not pay for it by cutting programs for the poor and middle class.
What the tax rate is and what they pay are two very different things. You know this John. Don't play stupid.
Great. Let's add tax brackets too.
Comrade Johnny, do you ever do anything useful like introduce legislation? It seems you spend a lot of time tweeting and retweeting
Freedom ain’t free. Pay for it with taxes, blood, limb, & life. Either way pay up.
No it doesn’t stop lying
Stop lying, you are trying to justify another handout to the rich using Obama. You are obsessed. We are all not as dumb as your base.
Can you tell the truth?
So this from the man that wants to pass a bill for silencers on guns so you can kill without noise. From the man that is taking away PP bc
You think it is not necessary bc they fund abortions. PP is a clinic that women depend for all their needs. From the man that feels that yr
Constituents should b able to carry AR 15 across their backs in a grocery store. From the man that wants to hike our taxes 2 make u richer
I have educating myself on yr tax reform that it will hike taxes on middle class and even harder in 2027. You & @RepSenators took healthcare
Away from low income children. I can go on & in about how much worse you, @realDonaldTrump @RepSenators are do much worse than @POTUS44 & 4
The people of this nation. Trump is a moron and making us the laughing stock of the world. I am the constituent of u @tedcruz @GregAbbott_TX
U forget u all work for us,but u  don’t listen to us.i promise u all,u will b voted out of office.Many of us want a change.We miss @POTUS44
@JohnCornyn and yet corporations are making billions of dollars and continue to stay. They don't need any more tax breaks.
Don't you dare touch FATCA we need to strengthen it we're 
If changed remove tax credits aimed at businesses
Read the room. Maybe pause your scheduled tweets. Americans are concerned, and have been for quite some time, with our elected officials, enacting sensible gun legislation. Do our voices not count? Please listen.

Corny...it makes sense, corporate CEO’s are still making record profits and benefits. By lowering it they will even make more.
Who gives a shit? Work on gun control NOW
You would never understand this, but we can disagree with our party when they are wrong. You should try it.
Cutting corporate taxes won't help your constituents live safer, healthier lives. Pass real gun control policy.
It makes perfect sense.  They should pay. It is the cost of doing business.
Why can’t we just do the RIGHT thing for ALL citizens instead of playing PARTY/ PERSONAL games-HUMM.. life would be healthier&more peaceful
Wait. I thought everything Obama did and said was an abomination. Now you love him?
@POTUS #NOAMNESTY #NOH1B #NOKAKAA
OF COURSE IT MAKES SENSE! WE SUPPORT LARGE ARMED SERVICES THAT PROTECT MOST OF FREE WORLD CORPS BASK N IT!
Bless your heart. Include the full quote, please, not just the sentence that serves your purpose.
Close the loopholes before lowering corporate taxation
That is really dishonest! You know that you are using that out of context. Damn bro!
Trump conspired with Russia to win the 2016 election via SANCTIONS RELIEF in exchange for a continued CYBER WAR against the United States.
Before you cut taxes, you should cut spending across the board. It's called math. You have to pay your bills. #QED 2/2

I'm not sure everyone fully grasps yet that GOP tax plan is actually cutting Medicare and Medicaid. That's how they pay for it.
You think you can argue tax reform in 140 characters when the IRC textbook is over 1900 PAGES? I think not. 1/2
John, you are so pathetic, is today a good day to talk about Russia, gun violence, and why you still support 45?

So... Senate Republicans' budget cuts Medicaid by $1 trillion and cuts Medicare by $473 billion. 

That's all.
Did he also say to add trillions to the deficit to cut taxes for the 1%?  Probably not. #ThanksObama
Vegas Assault Weapon Ban protect our safety
been that the entire time you been in office. Numerous corps have bogus hq in other countries to avoid paying taxes to  let’s fix it
Now is not the time to discuss tax rates.
Context matters. He was saying the loopholes have to change. Here is the video of the *complete* quote:
Time running out w/fat kid w/ funny haircut & weapons. Small nuke OK-hiroshima only 50 KTons (i.e small city). Get fatty, generals, nukes.
It's currently lower tgan it was under Reagan and nobody's buying your bullshit anymore.
So why didn't you change it in 2011?
Talk talk talk. Been good Senator & achieved a position of power as #2. But, as an old friend from the farms of IL told me, “We’ll see ya”.
No major corporation pays anywhere near the corporate tax rate...too many loopholes
Talking about taxes (which BTW most Scandinavian and European countries would disagree with your statement) cause you can't talk about 1/
Do you even care that your lies get debunked? You might as well be a Russian purchasing ads for Twitter & Facebook, but you're a US Senator.
And you want me to pay their share?  YOU ARE OUT OF YOUR MIND!
Did it?
Hard to say you have good christian values & that you work 4 constituents when you take a phase out of context. Its lying John.

 
But back here in reality...
Your A+ rating with the NRA proves you don’t care about Americans and our safety.
How can you make cutting corporate taxes a priority right now? Shame on you! #NotOnePenny
BREAKING NEWS:  A politician saying one thing and then doing another once elected.  Shocker!
What has to change is this POTUS, #ImpeachTrump
Large, profitable U.S. corporations paid an average effective federal tax rate of 12.6% in 2010, the Government Accountability Office .LIAR
BS...what about all the deductions they get?  It brings them down to less than 20%.  Abt 12%, effective.  More than I pay
GOBAMA!
Yeah - flat tax. As you know most corporations pay zero and don't take away my mortgage deduction to fund this.
Then cut it, just don't add to the federal debt or raise middle class taxes, the White House proposal does both.
Tell us what Obama's quote on gun control from 2011 was...
Remember when we had a president who could actually articulate a policy? Those were the days.
You are misrepresenting Obama's full meaning as you are the integrity of the GOP Tax Reform. And how will it benefit Trump?
He didn’t make much progress
It makes no sense that you support trump
So glad you are focused on THAT today. Really?
Context means nothing to you, does it, John? #ActiveCitizenship
Several countries have higher effective tax rates. You're also deliberately obscuring the fact that poor people will be hurt by the tax plan
I am with you. Let's lower the corporate tax rate and remove all corporate tax loop holes. Every corporation should pay their fair share.
Well! What are you waiting for?
Nope.  it’s around 15% de facto
Obama also gave "us" healthcare..GOP wants to give cuts to the rich.. take away your healthcare and let's see how fast you move ..
No one will ever be able to quote @JohnCornyn (as he does Obama) because Cornyn is too politically gutless to take a stand on a real issue.
Thanks Obama! However he didn’t suggest that massive tax breaks be provided to the wealthiest Americans.
Who paid taxes on the money you got from  @NRA?
Using Obama's words to justify massive tax cuts for the rich isn't cool. Why don't you just admit that you like Koch Bros money?
Seems to me Johnny we actually grew jobs, etc. Nithing like undoing one man's good by a vile orange autocrat and henchmen like yourself.
I hope you supported him then with swift legislation! Oh wait...
#obstructionist #traitor
Cornyn 2011: "If he's going to be the gold standard in terms of what our tax policy should be yeah, let's look at his tax records"
Are you frigging kidding me. Such a hypocrite. I don't hear him calling for Trump's return. He's gotta go.
Why don't we get rid of the loopholes for corporations....so they actually pay then, instead of screwing the middle class for a tax break.
Still waiting for your statement about your thoughts on the President's Puerto Rico tweets (pro or con) and gun control legislation.
When's the town hall so that we can ask you about your record and plans?
#Liar
Then why do so many pay NOTHING in income tax?
"Leadership the GOP Way":
Oppose anything with "OBAMA".
Show leadership or QUIT
Good job taking that one out of context John. Now fix the PR situation, vote on gun legislation, and impeach that embarrassment
What do you think you're accomplishing here?
The US has more corporate tax loopholes than anyplace else, leaving most large companies paying less than 15%
Me, today: Nope. Taxes are not an issue. Wages are the issue. Flatter fairer wages first, then we can talk taxes.
and i assume @jaketapper and @cnn have not mentioned this once in their unbiased reporting.
Shame you and @GOP refused to work with him on that and other issues.
Cornyn, there is hope for you yet, if you are going to start embracing what President Obama said. That would be a real improvement for you.
See who wasn’t so bad after all...great job whip!
Sure, but you ignore the context. He also said the first step is to close loopholes. Not just throw money in the toilet, like with your plan
Do you ever listen to your constituents or hold town halls? No? Oh, probably b/c you're a coward who's about to get voted out #votecornynout
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2017/05/12/corporate-profits-just-posted-their-biggest-jump-in-five-years.html ….  You are lying and stealing from us. Loser.
He wanted to raise taxes on the top 2%, remember? You want to cut 10% off for the top tier, right? Supply-side is a lie, Senator

By 2027, 80% of the total tax benefit would go to the top 1%.

I'm not sure everyone fully grasps yet that GOP tax plan is actually cutting Medicare and Medicaid. That's how they pay for it.
GOP choice of  local prpty taxes or mortgage interest deduction likely increases taxes for middle-income homeowners
House GOP considering giving deductions choice to homeowners

https://www.axios.com/house-gop-considering-giving-deductions-choice-to-homeowners-2492435900.html?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=organic&utm_content=textshort&utm_term=politics … 
oh btw your fax machine is down and I am trying to send you a letter! Way to represent citizens of Texas! Can't wait to vote against u!
Maybe so, but Obama did not raise taxes on the most vulnerable of us. The gop is raising taxes on the most vulnerable by 2%.
With each tweet, more constituents see your irrelevance.. You've chosen party over people, donors over decency, trump over truth. #CornynOut
I like trump over truth 
Sen. Where do you stand on silencers, and the legalization of silencers?
Riddle was this , if corporate tax is choking business, why are corporate profits at all time highs? Sounds like your giving my money away.
How much blood money did you take from NRA? Obama was also horrified at all the gun deaths in US, why don’t you quote some of that.

Reagan cut corporate taxes by 14% in '86. Here's what that did to avg. weekly wages:

1986—$285…
https://twitter.com/waltshaub/status/914274708509614080 …
Obama sucks and he was wrong
If you're also willing to close the loopholes President Obama suggest to offset the reduction, sounds like a good place to start discussions
Ah, well since you’re into agreeing with Obama all of a sudden, wanna take a look at his stance on sensible gun legislation, you shill?
2/ we are in a Consumer based economy driven by Consumers so how will you control effective Tax rates w/ loopholes deductions
Mr. Cornym, are you accepting money from NRA?  Did you see this: 8 killed in shooting at Dallas Cowboys watch party in Plano, police say.
Not the effective tax rate after all loopholes
There's a difference between effective rate and statutory rate, but you don't bother to mention that, do you?
Missing: “a parade of lobbyists has rigged the tax code to benefit particular companies...those w accountants...end up paying no tax at all”
“...the rest are hit with one of the highest corp tax rates in the world. It makes no sense and it has to change.” Context is important.
Then why didn't you help him do that 6 years ago? Too busy blocking everything he did - even things you agreed on, because *spite*
Great question
Trump 2017 ... Corporate profits are at an all time high .. unemployment at historic lows ? #GOP ... let’s fuck that up !
1/There is bipartisan support for this but how will you legislate Corp. to invest? More $$ for Corp DOESNT guarantee higher wages
Your habit of trying to "gotcha" w/ Obama quotes & digs at HRC instead of engaging thoughtfully with constituents reflects poorly on you.
Many of the most profitable corporations pay nothing in taxes and they PAY YOU to keep it that way! #taxreform #facts
Talk to Kansas.
This was not a smooth transition to a new topic
And people are not corporations .@JohnCornyn .@RepRWilliams
Check out @NBCNews's Tweet: https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/915248547859066885?s=09 …

Does your President @potus make you proud John?
President Trump: "Now I hate to tell you, Puerto Rico, but you've thrown our budget a little out of whack" 
What he said is true, he isn't embarrassed to say it. That doesn't mean we won't give them all the aid they need.
I'd support eliminating corporate taxes if you made capital gains tax rates equal to income taxes.
Anything to avoid talking about how much NRA money you took or how you’re propping up Putin’s asset.
GUN LEGISLATION
Please quote Trump on Puerto Rico and budgets.  I need more hilarity in my life.
What about Vegas shooting? Said it was a miracle.

Most of Tax Cuts Go to Top 1%
sucks you couldn't take away health care while giving highest earners a tax break...maybe next year though, right?
So what corporate loopholes do you propose removing so that they actually pay taxes?

Now you like to quote o?!?  Give me a break.
So your saying Congress has been slacking since 2011?
