But please just don't ever sing on the radio again!!! ! I'd much rather hear a Justine Bieber / Nickekback duet!!!!! 
yeah.. that's never gonna happen.  I MUST SING!!!!!
Seriously,  its very unbecoming of a major market, nationally syndicated radio show. 
Please don't sing anymore.
tune in Monday.. I'll be singing some more.
I will take my migraine dosage in advance, in anticipation. Thanx for the warning. 
The police should be held accountable for there actions as many innocent men and woman die due to there shoot first mentality.
of course they should be accountable.. just like all of us.. but, to lump everyone in with a few bad ones is sick. #BlueLivesMatter
I just started listening to you again and then I heard you called George W stupid...100.7
most certainly did NOT call him stupid.  Thanks though
Are you originally from Pittsburgh?
no sir.
Ok,thanks
looked at your webpage, nope. Those horrible Obama policies got us out of a deep ditch. Image the current @POTUS trying to do that.
just want to help you out.. what you just wrote me makes absolutely  no sense.. Thanks!!
Free Plug Thursday: Follow Joe and that chick. Also, @SylvieDahl, @CleanDropMobile, @KDScioscia, @Ransoms_Note, @Pia01963285 & @marymauldin
tyvm
Fist bump. (More hygienic.)
True
Maybe something you and @gemswinc could agree on. (Jayhawks are inherently smart-asses.) :o)
It's time to name, Sheriff David Clarke,  @SheriffClarke as Home Security Secretary to replace Gen. Kelly.
LMAO!  He has Russian ties. Perfect for Trump treasonous party.
The Rand Paul was interesting. Disappointed that he didn't give Hannity credit for the original suggestion of Costco. Sean talked 4 months
Maybe the Goldman and Brown Familes will finally get the millions that are due them.
Barking out loud, I am following you too!
When candidate Trump said he'd wish Russia would find the deleted emails, it was said tongue-in-cheek. When did the humor get overlooked?
Can not find your show! Was krzk in branson mo
Hey JOe, Got a Question?? On your Twitter Page, are those Folks your Family? Your Wife and 2 Kids? I know that this is a dumb ? Thx!!
Joe, today is Aug. 1. HAPPY, HAPPY  to you! Thank you for always searching for the truth. You are the tops. Have a super day. God bless.
Hey Joe!   EVERY show I have gut laughed! You rock Pags!
Binge watching LIVE PD now!  STICKS ROCKS!
Tx for turning us on to him!!
I really enjoy your show.
so glad you are on Newsmax tv!  I've always loved listening to you when on business in Mn and as a fill in for other shows. Yea
Glad you have the extra hour on Newsmax.
Lol. Been following for a while; you've liked a few of my tweets- never expected a response, btw.
My mom had me follow you! Aroooooo
Hey joe! This dog is following you now :)
Joe, I found to my amazement that Newsmax has turned you loose on its network. At a time when Fox is crashing and burning. Too cool!
I follow you even though you don't follow back. I understand that following = prayers to some. Interesting.
Sing Joe sing!  You have the pipes, use em!
I am very pleased to have you on at this earlier hour! I enjoy the show & appreciate that you are honest! I never feel a need to verify you.
Ofc Noor may indeed prove to be a spaz who needs to lose his job. Double standard, but please don't complain about a lack of social unrest.
Keep preaching brother on health care! We need new republicans! Vote any sitting repub out for new ones.
Think of this come primary time.
Daisy may smartest I ever had
Never miss unless there's a cut away 4 local minor league BB (boo hiss - dust devils suck)
K I'm gonna call tonight (PDT) to seriously kick around healthcare as a retired fed w/fed healthcare ins.
STOMP on Pags. !!!
New to Twitter, listen to you every day. Great show Joe
No, Thank you.
Here in Colorado Springs,  Sat only 3-6, love the show
Great Interview Love Love Love the show
found you on the Blaze. Listen daily!
Love your show! And as a liberal listener, would LOVE to have a spirited debate with you sometime. Keep up the good work! Hi Carrie!
Great to have show that supports POTUS but holds him accountable and still shows the liberal lies. God bless all of you
It amazes me how little we know about our country's laws and how they apply, as Americans! Thank you Joe for educating us daily!!
Love your show and All 3 hours now.  Great!  A little Trumpy ending there.
Likewise, awesome show. 
JP, we got you. Sit this one out, he's ours.
I'm not a troll, I just don't use social media that much anymore. I appreciate your effort to finish the veterans story tonight. God bless.
I enjoy listening to you at times but when you invite opposition to call in to debate, interrupting and talking over them is obnoxious.
I'd love it if U were the 2-5 slot in Houston 950. Push Dr. Savage to the evening. Now, I'm no radio program guy so I'm typing out of my ass
Remember the children.  Do it for the children, Save the children. -- but not like idiot libs or like the Clintons in Haiti. 
I'd love to call in and debate with you Joe, however I cannot bring my self to disagree with the facts you talk about.
Joe, keep singing off key! Makes me feel good when I sing off key too!
Just found you on tv in San Antonio keep up the great work Joe
Keep it up @JoeTalkShow Great show today.
Quoting the verses was the best thing to do;  the caller discredited himself and disgraced the uniform in which he wears!
speaking for the poor Trump voters, supporting law enforcement and strong military was more important than Healthcare issue
Enjoying the show on iHeart Radio in Cheyenne, WY.
You'd get more followers if you followed people back. 
Love your show but last night you really don't get that people on MedicAid don't get decent health care.majority of drs don't take it.#cance
Hey Joe, you kept referring to Bob and wondering where he's from opposite it's very insensitive that she may be from
And I am an ladies man..... just saying... ;)
How is this not a conflict of interest? It was Hillary's campaign and DNC who left their servers open to "Russian" hack.
You got it Joe Pags
He's great ...podcast on IHeart ...he's one of us #MAGA
Glad I found your podcast on I paison ! Really enjoy it ... #maga
@Joy_Villa You are incredible ! Your music is fabulous and thank you for standing up for all of us!! #MAGA
You think you might get the podcasts up for this week????
Joe, Love ur show! I just signed up for twitter so I could tell u to update your podcast. Make the people happy and update the podcast...
Never mind I thought 6-9PM E was for a eastern
I'm not hearing you on 950 AM in Houston. Show still 5 central? Or 6-9 C?
Show the picture!
don't need to beg - it's common sense to watch your radio show - sounds like an  oxymoron
keep up the good work!!!! the idiots calling are priceless, perfect example of #braindead #libtards
Mr. Pags look up the word Dumber on Google and see what comes up you might get a kick out of it it is wrong LOL
Is your show broadcast live online?
You are our radio....voice of truth...keep the air waves pounding.
keep begging, I love it
Supreme court approves Travel Ban!!.. America approves also! Thank you President Trump for being a REAL LEADER!
My local radio station....only plays your show 3 times on the weekends.....THE SAME SHOW 3x....did you mean for it to be like that?
Love the show Joe.
Yeah man! 
Block 'n report accounts
Your show Rocks!!!!
Love you Joe. Keep up the great work. GSG.
The Mystery tweet has been solved!
Love your show, we watch Newsmax on KMJC Louisburg KS, OTA, you have more followers than you may realize, your a good man.
Cool song Joe...
THAT WAS AWESOME!
Your show sucks.  And also, it looks as if you smell like covfefe.
Truth sucks for http://Dems.Country  becoming strong.Joe gives you facts.What sucks is your closed mind/insults
We got your back Joe! Congratulations on moving up to #17!
Love your show! If you get a chance would you defend Mike pence at Norte Dame? Old news I know but I know you can do it so well!
Excuse misspelling.
Hey joe listen to you every night while driving to work..i got Twitter  just to say Hi !
I want my shout out sir lol !
Pags when will you be on in Ga? Listened to u daily when I lived in New Braundels
Let's get the DEMented!
Joe now following, hear you in Anchorage Alaska
Listen to you almost every night on kmed/kcmd in so. Or. love the show and your take on current events, & now following u on twitter. jg

I was sad when Jason Lewis left but I love your show. Listen daily- Prescott WI. Do you RickRoll tweets too? Cuz I love @RadioCariLaque too
Where can I get it?
Don't flatter yourself @JoeTalkShow.... we listen to your show to hear @RadioCariLaque, not you.
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=6irXO85w-Fg …
Listen/watch every day.  When I add new friends, I share the link.  You are the best on talk radio.  OK!  Like Cari also.  Polo and Karina
We have right to PEACEFULL ASSEMBLY by law and constitution not protest..Enough already with childish B.S. you want childish go to Colbert!
My night for Pags! rebroadcast 1 a.m. how about some song parodies, the best and lots of material!
Joe, Dailer Caller is reporting an A&M professor stated that killing white folks by blacks is and can be justified. Please check & comment.
#Concerned4Country Yes Morphius..you are correct!
Schumer is blowing smoke. Will he vote for it in the senate? if it was in their favor dem congressmen would have voted for it.
I live in Katko's district. I could not bring myself to vote for him after he didn't support Trump after saying he would support the nominee
We can't fall for Schumer's fake liking of this healthcare bill. I would be glad to talk to you if I could get through. (315)391-8256 Mike
For some reason I can't find carrie
Sorry Joe the one caller was right obama was having trouble gaining support from blacks 4 not being black enough! They darkened his photos!
Enjoy your show on @WHAS 840 AM radio on the weekend. 50,000 clear watt channel. Watch you on Newsmax 24.1 Louisville at night 9pm.
Hi joe I'm 56 went to school in CT
 1966 no cafeteria only lunch box at desk.
I live in the cesspool.  Do you have a station in  Clara County?
Your radio show is new to me-it's a good thing. Listen nightly. You're a fresh perspectly and I totally am a huge fan!!
Nice to know others get it! @JoeTalkShow
Joe you made my weekend finding out you have a Saturday show!!
Stick is not a gun
U r new 2 me (870 am) but lovin your talk show. Listen every nite (PDT). Very refreshing perspectives. Thx. Keep it up!
How many times can I follow Joe?  Should I set up another account to boost your count? Haha
You can follow him M-F, and twice on Sat.
# I listen to your show at work, I remember you were singing about the clown and I was on the floor at work laughing
Been listening every since you replaced the Schnit show.
How can I get a follow from you Big Joe?
About the cut down remarks..Joe and a horse walk into a bar, the bartender says "why the long face Joe"?   Because of the nose remark.
#Concerned4Country Spin this one Fake News!  https://www.facebook.com/AnonymousLegionWarriors/videos/1899473200289584/ …
Be there or be square....i`ll be tunning in on Max.
I'm impressed. Looks like you have tens of listeners. And such intelligent and interesting replies. Keep begging & who knows? Dozens next?
Six followers and one is likely a pornbot. Cool story, bro.
Great show Joe.....stay the course & be our voice of truth
I listen weekly @theblaze.
#Concerned4Country In observance of the constant drum beating on climate change. Science will now be called Lience!
#Concerned4Country Liberals are trying to gain control over the content on the news. So the Conservative voice will be silenced. Nope!
But, Joe, you're so good! Always making valid points! No need to beg! Looking forward to calling in and having a discussion on air! 
Thanks. I'll be sure to miss it. And keep begging.
Love the music!!  That song reminds me of blues brothers movie!!  Love it!
I think it was interesting to hear this was Herbert Hoovers granddaughter!
Love the shoe Joe!!  Great music great voice-not!
: What is this, Ed Sullivan Show? "A relly big shoe toonite!" HAHA! 
Watching, Listening.
Keep up the good work!
Love the show Joe #cari LaRue don't care. Keep it comming way up here in northern Maine.
Lol cari Laque #spellcheck even dis's  her.
#C4C Korea is prepared to strike. Just a few more last minutes details need to be completed!
It wont be the mainland it will be 50k us  troops an mill.in s.k. so trump poll numbrs can go up.
I hear a song..."Ain't too proud too beg...."
Thank God for podcasts
8 years and climbing.Facebook follower for IDK,since before 10,000. Saturday's when I can. Love the whole team.
I make the extra effort to get you via iHeart Radio. I deserve a gold star.
You got good patriots behind you who appreciate you
Need you on OKC radio. I have to wait for sunset to get your signal to bounce in.
AM1640. But sometimes they preempt it with some high school sports. That's what they say but I think they're in cahoots with cari to preempt
Works when I am working up north, but not to the south.
Just listen to woai on iHeartRadio. I use that over the radio since reception can be crap.
I just followed u. I wish SHE wasn't so mean to u.
Love your show Joe !!!
I started following you last month...You didn't mention my name last night on air...geeesh
I saw a reply to you from @BTLSRadio, checked the show out on podcast, I am now listening daily, I align with the shows political views, BA
How do I find your show, Joe? I'm in the NY tri-state area.
Your acct must have been hacked. Why would you need to beg for followers? Your show is full of common sense and humor. It makes you think. 
Good stuff Joe. I listen from Houston whenever i can sir
I loved the show yesterday. I laughed out loud as you read off the names. Made my day. Thanks.
Listen all the time!!
Nice work Joe!  Jim in Minneapolis
Great listen on my way home every day, keep up the Great work
Already an existing follower so I didn't unfollow... only because I was on the podcast. Would have re followed. Haha 

Listen every day I can. Saturday included.
