#BRCA will bolster insurance profits. No essential health benefits means way more paid out of pocket. Life time caps are great for ins. cos.
You know what would less disingenuous? If you gave us the true pro's and con's of the proposed healthcare bill...the pro's & CON's.
But what do the experts say?
Cornyn could care less what the experts say or what his consituents say.  He doesn't care
BullShit!
Healthcare is not a "market".
It is a human right.
Did you cut a deal with Anthem to allow them to merge with Humana if they support your bill?
You're tweeting nonstop today in a desperate attempt to convince people this horrific bill is anything other than a tax cut for the rich.
What is everyone else saying?
Really? Meanwhile, the CBO just said 22 million people will lose health insurance under BCRA.  How CAN you sleep at night?
Bolster market = make executives rich. The goal must be protected care for the old, sick, & poor. MONEY GRUBBERS! All y'all are SHAME
Ok John, gives a list of all the organizations that care about patients are saying.
Better yet, give us a list of all the patient centered groups that have come out against it.  Do you hear both sides?
well by all means if the insurance lobby is for it!!!!
Not having to pass a drivers license exam would also boost the number of drivers.
CBO says it will kill people.
Better read this Senator
Why are Senators & Reps not going on TV EXPLAINING THE GOOD POINTS!  Why don't you Cowboy up and do that????
The #GOP #Senate is the new #deathpanel. Where's Sarah Palin?
Time to replace @JohnCornyn with an honest Texan that actually cares about what Texans care about.
Senator, you are Tweeting too much! Why dont you engage with your voters w/ town halls? And face-to-face interviews?
that is what you need, more info like this - not from some CBO that hasn't gotten anything right.  Ask the people, Ask the Insurance Co's.
WHY does one of the states with the MOST Insurance Providers need to be bolstered?TEXAS: The Uninsured Capital of the USA #ShameOnYOU #fool
Of course they would say that being one of the recipients of the $600 billion your stealing from Americans healthcare.
Of course you would tout the advantages to the insurance companies. How much did @anthem contribute to your campaign? #sameoldsameold
Well, that's GREAT for them! They are an insurance provider. #gopdoesnotcare
So townhall? you can tell us all about it
It's completely transparent that you're in tweet overdrive today because you are desperate to shove this terrible bill through. #VoteNo
The Kochs paid for a Senator, and by God, Cornyn is ready to earn his money.
What do they say about Medicaid? The hundreds of billions you are giving to the rich may very well kill my Granddaughter.
I hear when they visit you kiss 
Also insurance would not be less expensive. You just buy less insurance, take on more costs risks
It will help the industry and screw the people
Did you read it..says it would stabilize the market because markets any kind hate uncertainty!
Read the article, Anthem says Senate health bill will bolster individual market; other insurers have said the opposite
Are you worried you wouldn't get campaign contributions from your health insurance buddies?????
Your providers (GEHA) are cheaper and have national networks.  Why not let us buy into those plans?
Why don't you put the insurance plans you in congress have on the exchange?   That would improve ACA considerably.
Well fuck Anthem. They all but pulled out of my state at the last possible moment anyway.
Don't you get it?  We want actual health care.  We don't want to pay insurance companies for NOTHING.
Quit trying to put lipstick on a pig.  This bill kills.
Republican bill will kill millions.  You have blood on you hands, not that you care.  You are heartless.
I can't wait to vote against you.  You have done NOTHING GOOD for your constituents.
Unsurprising. Markets exist to make profits. Treating sick people costs $, so...
But it will hurt your constituents! All you care about is #CorporateIntrest and #KochBrothers #SenatorForSale
Listen more. Tweet less.
That's a system that need zero bolstering
U sound like desperation u boys want that tax cut that is it u could care less about people's health
Is Anthem one of your big $$ campaign contributors? Sure it will bolster them--won't have to insure sick people.
You didn't really think an insurer telling us this is good for business would be something we wanted to hear, did you?
If the insurance companies want it, it must be good for the people !
...while cranking uo premiums on the elderly. Anthem is hardly an objective observer whose statements give me comfort
It'll certainly bolster Anthem's bottom line  <10% of their business is Medicaid & they're licking their chops at minimizing coverage...
Will bolster insurance companies you mean...profits.
Retitled: "Anthem says GOP DEATH BILL Will Bolster Their Bottom Line"

#SwampOfLiars
#VoteNoACHA
Tout the one that says great yet sweep under carpet all the others that say trumpcare is bad business. Way to cherry pick John.
Aca is affordable care act. Ahca  is American health care  act. We did notice you dropped the affordable part.
Nonsense, Anthem's just pissed that the Obama admin blocked their merger with Humana.
What Anthem means, is it will Bolster Anthem's bottom line! #Sheriffofnottingham
Subprime insurance
I'm sure they did!  I mean, who can turn down a $100 Billion bribe?
Insurance companies will like being able to cover 56% of costs, charge higher deductibles, and deny for pre existing conditions
because they wrote your bill, of course they want that sweet sweet money you just handed to them at the expense of texans. congrats lemming!
how do you have so much time to stay on here and post your bs dribble, but you never have time to talk to us constituents?
They are a major part of your horrible payout!  You are not standing for our State of Texas...you are only interested in taking money!!
There are 2choices: Capitalism or Socialism. I will take competition&profit for business every time over the government owning me.
what do *doctors* say? stop listening to insurance lobbyists, dude!
Rich people will get richer? Ya don't say....
Less coverage w LIMITS, PLUS free tax money t ins industry!  U & Anthem suck.
Again I ask, what color is the sky in your world? Without mandate, only sickest will apply, ensuring the death of the market.
Incredibly stupid to cite a company who would directly benefit. Let's talk about the many, many groups against? Literally any medical group?
They will say anything b/c they threatened 2 pull out of markets to negotiate anti trust.  Yr actions have destabilized market past 5 months
Of course they do.   They want the tax cut you're taking away from the middle class and poor.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NOCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
150% of poverty= $9/hr for 40 hrs/wk. $6000=ONE THIRD of pre-tax income. So, choice becomes hc or rent, hc or food. #BCRA https://twitter.com/larry_levitt/status/878605553705943040 …
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
Just more subterfuge. More obfuscation. Yes, the bill means Ins. Cos. make more money. But at the cost of real healthcare.

BREAKING: American Medical Association slams Senate bill. "First, do no harm. The draft legislation violates that standard on many levels." 
Of course it will! Insurance companies will be making out like bandits under BCRA.
Exactly. Anthem will make more cash, as will all your big donors who stand to profit from the passage of TrumpCare. What's your point, John?
you've got your priorities confused.   the objective is to provide health care, not to make your campaign contributors money.
Nothing to brag about when that corporation sides with you but AARP, March of Dimes, and all major physician groups are against it.
John, why don't you get off Twitter and meet with your constituents at a Town Hall to discuss this. Are you afraid?
Staffer in Tyler told me he only does telephone town halls but none of those scheduled right now either.
We will go back to the time that health insurance companies could sell sham policies that don't cover anything.  Watch the documentary Sicko
Well sure when they charge more money for premiums
Well, thank God insurance companies will be able to run a profitable business with this bill...allowing waivers to required coverage.
Will insurance companies be profitable? People won't be able to buy policies due to premium increases. Will the gov fund them?
What are you going to say when the CBO score hits? Any minute now.

AMA: Senate health care bill “threatens to limit states’ ability to address the health care needs of their most vulnerable citizens” https://twitter.com/braddjaffy/status/879382224633823232 …
The American Medical Association opposes your #wealthcarebill
"Does it improve coverage? No. Does it improve affordability? No." -- AMA president. http://spr.ly/60138WLOb  @MorningEdition #HealthcareBill
It is a lie.
Here is a history lesson about what can happen when you repeal a health care bill.
Sell my organs on the black market to make more money.  2/2 #MedicareForAll  you greedy old man
You know they have nothing to do with the Ayn Rand book right? Other than supporting selfish bullshit. #FlushTheToilet #TrumpCare
I'll send you my bills.  After all you steal my money in the form of #TaxesWithoutRepresenting.  You can pay for my death and probably 1/2
Oh boo hoo. Don't get sick or be smart like me and make millions foreclosing on people.
It won't even save money.
Ok, so, Anthem will make more money.  What do health care providers think? (Fortunately, we know:
American Medical Association comes out strongly against Senate health bill, says it violates “first, do no harm … standard on many levels” 
And hooray for Anthem!  But what about those who depend on Medicaid?
Good hurry up and pass my tax cuts, or no more donations to your Super PACs.  CHOP CHOP Old man. You work for me.
