Get well , but please retire.
Thank you for your life long service to our country and speedy recovery and return!
God Bless and speedy recovery
Hope to see you back in the Senate asap-thank you for your service! Respect
Thank you for your service, and get well soon
Get well soon senator
God speed on recovery Mr McCain
John, you know my prayers are with you. I saw you through your return in Manila, and your rise to Senator.
Yes sir!!! You are needed but PLEASE take care of yourself first...
We're all rooting for you, Senator!
I wish you & your family well.
Prayers for you, sir, true patriot and hero.
Što reče Kris Rok: Kakav je on heroj kad je bio zarobljen 
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jOZ4GmCJ8g8 …
Get well. Please!
... and retire. Please!
As we say in Denmark. If you have nothing good to say. Say nothing.
I want him to fully recover and enjoy his retirement years. I want all RINOs like him to retire as well.

Don't like my comment? Oh, well.
Because you are an idiot!
Okay! Been waiting 4your strength 2speak out. GOOD 4U! You're damn right you will be back soon. Gotta have grit, but love in your heart too!
Would be good to see you fit and fighting for the American people again Senator. We're all cheering you on in the fight!
May God bless you and your family  Sen. McCain
That is great news. I hope you get well soon. Sending prayers to you and your family.
I'm looking forward to railing you to do something about Trump/Russia again. But for now, get well, dear Senator. 
Hey it won't be unfortunate for yr "sparring partners," bec you make them bring their A game. Get better soon!
Get well soon!
GOD pleas you sir!!! I'm praying for you.
Wishing you all the best, @SenJohnMcCain .
And your return will be very welcome! You have always put country over party. Best wishes for full recovery. #senate #gop #potus
I don't always agree with you, but I appreciate your service to our country and I pray for you and your family.
That's what we all expect for a true American hero  Godspeed
Good luck Senator.
God bless you, sir! You have our prayers, admiration, and appreciation.
America needs it's Maverick back. The executive branch feels democracy is under further consideration. Take care
John, god promised us he heals us in our greatest need...I pray your cancer goes away and the lord heals you quickly...get well soon!
You are loved by all! A true hero! And I'm a democrat. Giving you strength as you fight! #JohnMcCain
I was married for 29 years to a haunted  Vietnam vet who came home at the same time you didn't.  Many lives and spirits were saved by you.
Praying for a full recovery!
Get well soon! We need you.
Anyone who believes that differences of opinion in politics can be handled with decency and integrity.
Same Democrats who want to impeach Trump on the grounds he is mentally unfit are cheering brain damaged John McCain coming back to Congress.
Prayers for recovery.
As an American, Prayers for Senator McCain and family @cindymccain @MeghanMcCain for your healthy recovery. all politics aside #BetterCare
FIGHT, Sir. You can win this. 
Ditto!!
Your implication is that liberals only care about the health of liberals? We are the ones who want health care for ALL people. We care!
You are a hero and served the country more than I’ll know.  Have you considered stepping aside and relaxing a bit...
bring attention #Glioblastoma cure for many DCVAXL by @NorthwestBio discovery of Dr Liau chairwoman of @UCLAHealth https://cancer.ucla.edu/news-events/newsroom/researcher-spotlights/linda-liau …
Get well and take care of yourself. We need you
Aren't you ready to retire?
Hopefully Congress will looks past there party loyalty and put state 1st and impeach Trump
Liberalism is indeed a mental disorder.

https://goo.gl/photos/4GjBLKXw4ubQumr66 …
Touch'e

Wow, how sick you are. But most libs are. Goodbye, you are now MUTED, for being gross & ignorant. Bye.
Wow how brain washed you are
An indisputable American hero.
I guess you need to go back to school and learn the definition of indisputable. I think this thread has lots of people disputing it
That is one current problem.
...which says more about the people with those opinions than it does about the man himself.
Please elaborate
Nope. It's self-evident. If you don't get it then you're fixing for a fight, not enlightenment. Not interested in that.
No I want to know what good the man has done for this country and no one can tell me other than he has cancer and I should feel bad
Politics as it should be.
Can you imagine any response like that from our current Administration?! @realDonaldTrump
This is the McCain I truly . Clip shows what true American leadership looks like & how repectful integrity sounds 
That's been stolen
Even though I've seen this so many times, I'm still appalled by it. It's sad, inappropriate and embarrassing.
So mocking the disabled in any scenario is okay?  It's an adolescent response by an adult in any case.
Go Sen. McCain !!! Rooting for you sir! And just for your FYI I'm a democrat! But your an amazing human being we need you back.
I am a democrat too! And I am pulling for you Mr. McCaine!
Do everyone a favor and retire. Fake senator.
As an Arizona constituent, I appreciate two honest senators with integrity. My Rep, not so much. Thank you for all you are doing
Thank you Patriot, sir!
I might not always agree with @SenJohnMcCain but to me, he’s a hero for standing up for what he believes in. Sure wish others would follow.
Enjoying your commentary in Robert Redford's The West very much. Great series.

We hope you don't for the Welfare of our Nation.
Resign rino your not needed back in DC you and your cronies have gotten fat off the hog long enough. Drain the swamp from career congressmen and women.
GIVE EM HELL JOHN
G-d bless you @SenJohnMcCain. Americans need you!
We don't need him now that he turned on the American people, killing 28 million Americans is NOT ok! I used to think he was a decent human
Well, well another screw ball!
Thank you! I will pray for you 
Even Democrats will be so happy too see you back.  As President Obama said, "give em hell John. You're an American hero. #getwellsoon
He's a disgrace! He was a hotdog Navy pilot that got other pilots and servicemen killed that was saved by his Dad!
Really?
When he was offered release because of who his father was, he refused.
Ur just pissed bc ur greed dictates healthcare for none!
He refused "watt" because he wouldn't leave w/o his buddies. Are you aware that Senator McCain voted NO on Trumpcare? Greed? Buy a clue.
That's not what my Viet Nam-era Army and Navy Intelligence friends told me
This is an article about it in Stars and Stripes.
John McCain  your are very decent man I never know vote no for skinny  bill
Give it hell John! 
American politics need you so your return is awaited. I wish you a speedy recovery.
As a wife of a retired MSG forced into exile due to unfortunate immigration laws, I wish u fast recovery. I admire you deeply. Good Bless!
@drsanjaygupta here is your chance. You can save my Senator, a real hero. Please share your research, Cannabis heals http://tac.ac/02nQN 
All d best Mr. Hero @SenJohnMcCain... u had courage to fight relentless enemy during war time, so u will have full of courage to fight this.
We hope so. Australia thinks you are needed. Fight on.
Senator McCain, you are in my prayers! If you can survive Vietnam, you can certain beat Cancer's ass!
Get well soon Senator. America needs you.
Feel better soon sir..
WTF does that mean? How about being a true Republican for a change
God Bless
May God Bless you and send his healing angels to assist in your complete recovery!  May God help the surgeons heal you as good as new.
NO!  You're supposed to resign, TRAITOR!  Real Americans (not the ISIS terrorists you posed with) don't want you back...JUST GO AWAY!!!
Get well soon from Springdale, Washington state...the country needs you!

Get well soon!
we want you back! ASAP!! You are one of the most effective senators on the Hill!
You've got a lot of people behind you. Time to fight the fight. 
