Democrat tells @KateBolduan on GOP/Warren feud: If this was about 2020, McConnell must be supporting her for Prez: 
@erichallcnn @KateBolduan @CNN

@SenWarren
PLEASE run for #POTUS in 2020! 
PLEASE PLEASE

guaranteed win for Trump's reelection
Out of real curiosity why do you like the so called president?
Not enuf characters 2 list all the reasons why @POTUS is a great Prez &
U don't want to know, U just want to punch me/set me on 
wrong. I am really curios. I am seeing it
You are so beholden to big money you no longer represent most Texans .
instead of tweeting, why not check into why your office phones don't seem to be working? Like the rest of Congress.
future school books will show she's on right side of history; presuming DeVos hasn't destroyed education. Thanks John. #resist
She has become a leader for us all.
do something for all the people in Texas living below the poverty level.
she's not a retail politician, hope she still knows that. Not a candidate
why do you believe that?
I admire her tremendously ,don't think she has retail political skills or wide enough appeal to swing voters
although I am unaware of what retail political skills are, I think she has a huge following.
retail politics means going to individual voting communities and confronting their specific issues
rather than only speaking about political issues at a national scale that might not be important to everyone
hopefully out of the Senate
You have turned a blind eye on the people that elected you. Enjoy your time remaining because we will vote you out.
remember, Republican President Donald Trump,  the albatross around your neck. #2020
Actually, you don't get to say who the leader of the Democratic party is.  #ShePersisted as will we all.
you don't select our leaders.  We do.  Focus on doing your damn job for ALL Texans and not who is leading the Dems.
instead you pick a fight with a fellow senator. One of which is standing up for the people she represents!
do something about mentally ill homeless people in Texas!
She has become a leader of reminding the Republicans to have integrity and behave with human decency...and, to follow the rules.
And Old Hickery is the leader of yours!
even more ashamed of you now than I was the other day! Need a cause? do something for our homeless Texas vets!
not a bad idea! She does have a record of standing up for what is right. I can not say the same for you! Sad. #Resist

She is a much better Senator than you are! All you care about is money, not us Texans.
Thank @SenateMajLdr  #ShePersisted embodiment of #women and #minorities who have #succeeded will be great #slogan #Warren2020
while you let Trump take over the GOP. That's truly embarrassing
BTW, all the women I know feel "chastened", so #EpicFail
I'm proud of @SenWarren
Good. Because your party screwed up for like the 8,514,232nd time. When you start to totally understand freedom, speak.
@erichallcnn @KateBolduan @CNN she is intelligent and speaks for her constituents.  Maybe you could learn a thing or two.
how does that help Texas?

Buhbye
and she persisted....
Senator, please focus on representing us Texans. If you spent half as much time doing your job as tweeting about Democrats...
he's too busy complaining about his constituents contacting him to ask him to pull his head out of his bum.
@erichallcnn @KateBolduan Good! She is 10 x more respectable. Listens to constituents. Like a BOSS! #dumpcornyn & #dumpcruz
and you're proud of silencing a voice of reason simply because you belong to a different color gang? That thinking screws US.
and she is well liked. A true threat.
sexist
@erichallcnn @KateBolduan @SenWarren - thx to @SenateMajLdr Ill-advised Rule19 rebuke.
Sen Warren is an American hero to myself, mother and daughter! Keep your hate and judgment off of my lineage!
I sure wish we had someone just like her representing Texas 

the fight is on - you have pissed off too many teeny weeny little man.   Bbs instead of brains
“Do you feel bad, little lady? Are you sorry for what you did?  little teeny weeny faux man.
#shepersisted much more than what I can say about you. Bought by DeVos. #devosneverforget2020
@erichallcnn @KateBolduan @CNN speaking up for what's right doesn't make her the de facto leader of the party.
we are proud of Senator Warren. She persists no matter what you try. We are embarrased by you
and a good thing too. Shame on you for your sexism and misogyny; insulting both Coretta King and Elizabeth Warren at once.
@erichallcnn @KateBolduan @CNN that's what y'all wanted all along. You sly dog
you just lost my vote! Saying goodbye to you sir for supporting Sessions and DeVos!
You owe Senator Warren an apology.  She had every right to read the letter.
Warren as leader of Dems? OMG I LUV IT! We have her & you have so-called president, Secret Agent 45. Laugh about THAT.
Warren has class, brains & grit; the leader of UR party has none of those & is dangerously unhinged. Eat your heart out.
Between her and Pelosi should guarantee more Republican victories.
The Senate looks like a gang of juvenile delinquents.  I cant believe the loss of decorum and the descent into classless-ness.
I am growing so weary of all this vitriol, hate and LACK OF RESPECT!!!
you say that like it's a bad thing.
why does it back fire ? I think it was perfect that now we know majority leader has   s
Misogynism makes me feel like a 2nd class citizen.  Please consider what you're doing.
She was warned, she was given an explanation, she persisted. #ShePersisted
I can't believe you think you represent TX women and would vote to silence her. #ShePersisted #letlizspeak
On silencing Elizabeth Warren: Mr Cornyn, though you are a Republican, you are still an American.  You should be ashamed!
Hey little man, if she is the leader...I'm OKAY with that. You however are a pratt.
If you say so, Senator.  Party or country?
No. @BernieSanders is the leader. But @SenWarren speaks for many liberals.
I don't agree with senator Warren on everything, but I agree on a lot-you, I agree on virtually none of your silly positions
Any sane person would prefer #PresidentWarren2020 to trump #Neverthelessshepersisted
OK you nob. Clean your own house. The head of the GOP is a raving, megalomaniac with a friend who is president.
Remember  November !!
, well, better a reasonable woman with oratory skills and a backbone than a President who cozies up 2 Putin and won't release tax
And Trump is now the face of the Repubs.  I think the Dems have the better representation.  #Neverthelessshepersisted
I wish Warren was from Texas #Neverthelessshepersisted
Jealous that you don't get Warren's level of support? #Neverthelessshepersisted
Warren has ethics #Neverthelessshepersisted
And she makes a fine leader #NeverthelessShePersisted
leadership, find that quality.
All he know how to do is line his pocket at everyone elses expense.
haha...nice strategy but not true.
Finally someone stood up and did their job, when are you going to do what's best for Texas, not the GOP? #DoYourJob
You were party to the way Obama was treated."no one is well served by this race to the bottom".  The GOP started the race.
And you John are so low in the Republican Party that they put you in the trash can. GOP knows you sold your soul to Trump. Bye!
her and Bernie are a strong pair
Other than perhaps Bernie, could not ask for a more favorable opponent.
Because #ShePersisted the Republicans made her a leader. Thanks.
Yep, Sen. Warren is a far, far left radical who talks to much! What has she accomplished as a Senator? Nada! 44 percent in MA.
as a constituent I look forward to donating to your opponent.
I saw many leaders step up on that Senate floor today and speak for their constituents.  I didn't see you do that.
you have lost my vote by confirming the racist bigot Jeff Sessions.  You cannot rubber stamp DT's unqualified appointees.
you need to worry about Texans and stop being a partisan hack
You seem jealous, or you just drunk?
and you have sold out 2 party even though you didn't get bought by DeVos. So you voted for unqualified simply 4 party loyalty
@erichallcnn @KateBolduan And she's a great leader, unlike you
I think the party can decide.
she is the leader of true Americans
too bad you can't be on the right side of things too busy ignoring your constituents and kissing Trumps a$$ #votehimout2020
and you better watch out. Go back to schtupping your aide's wife.
#ShePersisted
Heard you are mad about Democrats clogging your phone lines?  You can expect 4 more years of that.  Why are you so obsessed with
the Democrats?  #ShePersisted #Resist #TheResistance
you would do well to take a page from Warren's book. She actually listens to her constituents. #answeryourphone
Many Texans don't care about politics. We care about our country in the hands of Putin-made lunatic. Democracy at risk. Impeach.
I am still looking for a Republican. If a leader, all the better. DeVos will be an albatross for whatever party you inhabit.
You said her behavior was like a cafeteria food fight when your dude is getting people killed & endangering lives.

WORK ON IT!
.@JohnCornyn @SenWarren she's more of a champion for we the people than you'll ever be.
a far sure better choice than your leader senator. #puppet #votingyouout #notmypresident #sellout
Pochahantas' rage is as fake as her pedigree. Dems eat it up.
aww your racism is showing.
so glad you are so proud of  your president Donald Trump.  Would you say he is the best of all Republicans?
DJT is such a hero. So quick to defend his daughter('s) business.   And such a credible report in who attended the inauguration.
I wish you were more concerned with standing up for what's right than with forcing others to sit down. #Warren has morals.
Cohn Jornyn
I'm glad the Dem's want her because no one else can stand her. Especially voters in MA. #RelentlessNag #ElizabethLiawathaWarren
Be careful who you nominate to be pied piper.
So proud of @SenWarren  and ashamed of the R's who silenced her. #yetshepersisted
haha, if the Dem plan is read poison pen letters from 30 yrs ago, campaign on false race and sex equality issue, let them. Jobs!
also, why do you refuse to answer your phones, but don't hesitate to beg for $$$? You're the guy everyone makes fun of.
Please clear your voice mail.  It's full and your constituents are trying to contact you.
yes, and that's a good thing. Your leader is Trump. TRUMP. A man with obvious mental issues. But sure, dis Warren. 
please don't play Trump's blame game. Focus on what your constituents want. These games are not benefiting us Texans
Sure beats the leader of the Republican Party..whoever that is..tweeter in chief.
Trying to sell a book, get noticed for 2020, and a skinny useless complainer who never has solutions that work. She's pathetic.
your leader is trump and you're calling someone pathetic. That's rich.
Like Hillary or Barack were better... HA!
I bet she listens to constituents.
She has a spine unlike my Texan Senators.
good because she awesome!
not a fan of dems holding up gov. Wasn't a fan when reps did same. All need to grow up. Put away pacifiers and blankies. Siub
here's to Congress getting past politics and, I don't know, legislating? Job they were hired for
I hope Texans wake up in midterm election and vote you and @tedcruz out of office. Texans deserve senators with backbones!
Oh, we are already working on it! Neither of them are brace enough to face us!
And who or what are you?
go girl! Mitch shut up.
I'm a Texan. Last night didn't makenme want to vote for her in 2020. It made me want to vote against you.
On a larger stage @SenWarren had a common female experience. It says more about those who silenced her than it says about her.
If 2020 ends up to be a choice between Trump and Warren, blame McConnell or the fools that fall for it?
Hey, why don't you answer your phones. I have been calling.
And you all treated her like shit! Shameful! #CorettaScottKing #wepersist
and a much better one than trump so, lucky dems.
The leader of your party is Donald Trump so I wouldn't snark so much if I were you tbh
yes we can snark Trump may not an attorney statesman but open  P-DJT is playing the game better than anyone in WA-DC!
