What side of history will you land? My guess is a complicit senator who failed to protect democracy and his constituents. For shame.
.@JohnCornyn Would you have allowed Madoff to look after your money when his charges were just allegations?
Yes Senator please facilitate the investigation
.@JohnCornyn When will you start serving your constituents with integrity, and stop putting #PartyBeforeCountry?
LOL - he means 'BUT EMAILS!'
Or you can do your job and help? Lushness had no business being in our government. All he cares about is lining his pockets like trump!
Would you have allowed someone alleged with assault to look after your children?
Man if you have stopped carrying Trump's water, the evidence must be pretty damning.
Hey John, can u elaborate on what laws might have been broken? Otherwise, isn't this a waste of tax dollars? Ur constituient
I mean, sure. But there's so much damn smoke in the White House I'm pretty sure there's a fire somewhere.
.@JohnCornyn The integrity of our country is worth more than you trying to score points with Jared's father in law.
Didn't wait for Hillary? Even then, all we he heard was lock her up. At least she had bigger balls than any repub. 11 hrs of testimony.
"List of countries Trump insiders purposely did not disclose contacts with:
1. Russia 
2.
3.
4."
Amy Siskind
Release trumps taxes to Mueller
Unethical?
Wow. You're a regular fire brand when it comes to treason, aren't you?
I don't think Kushner is being investigated.  The propaganda machine is working overtime.
Senator, ask yourself if this were Hillary or Pres. Obama, how would you proceed?  The GOP has ruined itself w/blatant hypocrisy & Trump.
You only say this because GOP are low & dirty. You think that the lies will eventually become true. SAD. No apology needed. Just leave USA!
#hypocrite #doyourjobforonce
Yes, thank you. We need to follow the facts, and have an independent nonpartisan investigation.
"List of countries Trump insiders tried to set up back-channels with:
1. Russia 
2.
3.
4.
"
Amy Siskind
Tomato juice or ignoring it will not wash the Trump stink out of your garments.  You are Trump now, Senator, own it.
Yes, we should complete the investigation. How about yanking him from the White House until then? Take his security clearance?
Only daddy warbucks can do that.
If Chelsea did that on behalf of HRC would you say the same thing?
See you Thursday, Big John
I am fairly certain that if you had to choose between USA and Trump/Russia/Kushner you would choose the latter. Whatever gives u power.
surprise surprise you and Corker singing the same tune #partyovercountry
Why dod you support felonious actions? Do they have dirt on you, or are you just that mindlessly partisan? #FlushTheJohn2020
"He could be committing treason and undermining our democracy, but let's wait and see.  What could go wrong?"-our idiot party-first senator
Makes you an accomplice to treason.
Cornyn, you are such a 'company' man, and not in a good way. If you don't start thinking w an objective brain, you'll pay a steep price.
Do you believe ALL suspects should allowed to be free like this while they are "investigated" or just the ones you like?
Why?
Should begin with nepotism in the White House!
Can we hurry this up? He's alienating us from our Allies, ruining our environment, taking away civil rights. This has to STOP.. STOP HIM
Perhaps he shouldn't have a security clearance while you sort that out. #doyourjob
Mammon is demanding sacrifice, John.
This is not how you'd react if it were Clinton's son in law. Be reasonable.
Kushner? Really? Bottom line he's nothing.  Just media with another attempt to make Trump look bad. I'm glad we are talking to Russia.
Kushner and Sessions security clearance MUST be pulled immediately- both lied. Do your job ! @statesman @TXDemWomen @txlege #turntxblue
This is smart, instead of GOP automatically denying everything they should let investigations play out.
You're kidding. Your inaction borders on the criminal. What line has to be crossed before you put country over party!
So if it plays out to produce hard evidence of a crime, will you support getting him the hell out of there? @TX10Indivisible @indivisibleATX
We'll keep the pressure on until we all get answers. How's the Senate Intelligence Committee investigation going?  Not a peep from you.
You have lost all our respect. This was expected of @SenTedCruz. You're a bot tweeting all the expected  GOP nonsense.
Pull his clearance. Do you think people don't see what the repub. are doing? Trying to make America a one party country-Nazi
Dude aren't you ON THE COMMITTEE doing the investigating? How about "let the investigations play out" by DOING YOUR JOB.
Seriously. What does he think he gets paid to do?
So HRC's son-in-law would have been a.) allowed to advise her and b.) allowed to stay in WH after comm w/Russia on the sly? Right.
Well John's on the Intel Committee and only has 12 part time staffers working the case...John will do anything to obstruct this
His security clearance should be pulled. He wanted a comm channel to Russia free from IC monitoring on Russian equipment. Country>party
- Say it was Podesta in HRC admin - u expect us to believe you'd have the same response? You have any integrity left?
Rich white dudes always get to play by their own rules eh? Break a few federal laws, no biggie. #birdsofafeather
History won't be kind to you. You deny  #TrumpRussia, call CBO score fake news, sold our internet privacy to ISBs. #complicit
What sources do you have for Trump Russia?
Stop reading Breitbart, drudge report and watching Fox news.
Give me one link to a source or you are just more #fakenews.
not playng your game.
Ok. They you are FAKE NEWS! HAHA. Liberals are so stupid.
Buhbye #trumpbot
Texans on Cornyn: Please God get him out of here.
Isn't lying about contacts, lying about his financials, and asking Russia to set up a secret communication channel enough for you?
Agree.
If there was no Republican obstruction we would go much faster I'm surprised you are saying let it play out instead of get to the bottom now
FU!  ISN'T IT ENOUGH HE LIED ON FORM???? Would be for anyone else, hypocrite . @All100Senators
Yellow hypocrite with an orange leader. Party over county and a senator with dirty knees. How nauseatingly grotesque.
He also lied twice on his security forms. Let's overlook that as well.
Cornyn has become a stooge for Trump. Why else would a once-tough Texan be so soft on Russia. Unless he was #FakingIt the whole time. @ktsa
#PARTYOVERCOUNTRY @JohnCornyn When will just one @GOP stand up for America.  The people are watching in disgust. #SPINELESSGOP
What investigation ? You mean the cover up
WH doesn't even deny it. No checks and balances here. Do your job. Pathetic.
His security clearance should never have happened, if he was covertly talking to Russians duri g the campaign it should be revoked NOW.
Do you mean let investigations happen? We aren't going to keep firing investigators?
Put on leave until finished. He gets daily intel briefings If he is so naive to know this was stupid, then he is too naive for briefings
Yeah. And quit crying "evidence?!" before they do.
Start putting country over GOP loyalty! Trump is handing our great country to the Russians and you defend him. Grow a pair.
Sn Cornyn, how urgent is it to you?  Will you lead to help heal the country or will you stand to the side and let it "play out"?
2020 can't come soon enough Cornyn
Wld you still say tht if he were a Dem in the same position? I think not! You sir are a hypocrite!
I still have trouble accepting that you sold out my country for power. You think you can keep it? Think again.
That Russian loving family of grifters are pathetic and wrong for the country that I  . Sad that with your exp U go along with these 
When are you going to put your country over party? What will it take? Russians are running our democracy into the ground & you do nothing
Play out for who's benefit. As long as we don't have a separate investigation the GOP will cover it up and allow the raping of this country.
He wasn't elected to anything. Even the cloud of suspicion re: possible espionage with Russia should be enough to remove him from WH.
Not to mention lying on his security applications.
Your job is to protect America from exactly this sort of threat, why are you and your comrades pussyfooting around this issue? #complicit
We need independent commission, as well. You swore an oath to support and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign & domestic.
Why would we trust a chicken shit like you.We don't like you, don't respect you and don't listen to a freaking word out of your lying mouth.
Like the work you do on Capital Hill. "I'll just ignore it and let someone else do it. Maybe @tedcruz will do it for me!"
He is suspected of attempting to set up back channels directly to the Kremlin, why the hell wouldn't you pull him out of the WH immediately?
bc EVERY WH since Truman has done it. Move on. Nothing to see here.
As opposed to "get a rope!"  Which is what you'd say if it was a Dem. Hypocrite.
