Did you ask him why he pardoned Joe Arpaio for a federal contempt charge? As a former judge, how do you feel about that? #ruleoflaw
I'd appreciate it if you took your constituents' calls.
I was Cornyn's constituent up until 3 weeks ago. Best thing about leaving Texas was leaving Cornyn's territory.
So, like I said, you're no longer his constituent. Zip your yap, toots.
I'm still entitled to be angry that he refused to hear his constituents when I was one, and on behalf of my friends and fam who still are.
And I've called his offices and got the busy signal, full voicemails, and/or transferred to other full voicemails.
Probably bc other non-constituents like you are calling to beg for free shit or bitch about the liberal outrage of the day. Get a hobby.
Wait...you take calls from your Supreme Leader, but won't meet with constituents? Party over Country,  right Johnny boy?
The Feds have not done anything yet.  The local gov is doing great.  We are in it and you are not.  Feds have not engaged yet so shut it
So did you tell him pardons are not for scum that profile Hispanics. What about case of molestation never investigated. You are complicit!
Remember your vote to deny Sandy relief funds, but now have your hand out? I hope your constituents think about that in their time if need.
Everyone knows the real crisis will come during the clean up and rebuilding process. Save praise for yourself & the admin until that occurs.
Remember this?  We do.
Why do you get an exemption from O'care? Time to repeal & realize we voted for Trump agenda!
I thought funds for disaster relief were a total waste of money? Hypocrite
How do they look in the mirror each day??
Taxpayer dollars that go toward building a border wall instead of Houston / Texas coast rebuilding efforts will be a shameful disgrace.
Yet you wouldn't face your constituents, and write letters that translate to "F*** You, lobbyists already bought my vote"
Did Potus called you from the golf course and said, wish you were here?
Is that how u felt w hurricane sandy? Hint: the answer is no.
Thank you; we appreciate the quick response from them as well. 
If everyone works together, victims can be helped more quickly. 
But Texas is so strong! You don't need any help!

Right?
luckily eye of storm missed corpus, otherwise disasterous, corpus needs a better plan for 400K people to have shelter in hurricanes
Aren't you worried about his incompetence, sir? I'm not being sarcastic. Be ever vigilant.
And FEMA money will not be cut, yes?
Get off the phone, roll up your sleeves & get some help to the Gulf & Houston. No one wants to listen to you pontificate cate
See how useful government can be? This is why we pay taxes-- for a civil & healthy society.
Would 45 do the same if Texas was a blue state? I'm not at all sure.
Frankly, the Feds just distract emergency mgmt folks in the middle of the event by requiring updates. The Feds aren't helpful until after.
I am one of your constituents. Please answer why you voted NOT to request aid for Hurricane Sandy.
Wouldn't have said that if it was Obama even if it was exactly the same response, because it's politics not Texans that you care about corny
both Texas senators voted against hurricane sandy funding, now happy to take federal help.
You're such an ass kisser, but it won't work with your constituents.
Don't have a Rose Garden celebration too quickly, gentlemen. Remember what happened last time?
Or you could retweet posts from Texans who are responding. Have you really become this out of touch?
I remember when you voted against help for NY & NJ following hurricane Sandy.Typical @GOP "ONLY I" get to have free shit from the gov not U
Excellent coordination is the standard in situations like this. It's what we do for each other.

Funny, TX appeals all adverse rulings on its shady voting laws and gerrymandering - but TX Rs happily accept fed $ for disaster relief
Really Johnny. You're a hypocrite.
Shame on you Senator John Cornyn.
Calling was the appropriate response.  Being a racist and a would be tyrant is not appropriate.  You still support the inappropriate.
See, HE is supporting YOU. Soooooo
Yes, #NeoNazis and #Dominionists stick together in rough times
#Shame 
#WhiteSupremacists 
#GOP
Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Hey what about your lack of support for Sandy victims. Hypocrite.
You know if all Texans ..that could legally vote and there were no gerrymandering ..GOP would be in trouble... you will go down with trump
Come election time Texans will send a message to republicans. Unless you guys keep up the bullshit of voters restricting and gerrymandering
Tell him to stay the hell away from here next week. Last thing we need is him getting in the way of recovery efforts. He's useless!!
https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hurricane-harvey-puts-cruz-cornyn-201816733.html …  Both sides of your mouth?  Be consistent......
He cares more about pardoning a RACIST bigoted man than he does the lives of people in danger in TX. #ImpeachTrumpNow
Yeah until he is required to release the money, then we'll see.
Phone call?  Let us Texans know when something real happens.
you're the biggest mamón ever. No f'in backbone.
i'm sorry... what has fed actually done for us yet in response to harvey?
He doesn't even have a director of the National Hurricane Center. Too much golf and tweeting I guess.

EDITORIAL: Trump made it clear that he's not just OK with institutional racism, it's his goal. via @azcopinions http://www.azcentral.com/story/opinion/editorial/2017/08/25/donald-trump-resurrects-joe-arpaio-irrelevance/604067001/ …

1.) Texas should of course get federal disaster support.

2.) This is @GOP hypocrisy in a nutshell. "Everone is on their own until it's ME." https://twitter.com/thehill/status/901257914903658502 …
God bless you and @realDonaldTrump . Show this world the how the leadership of strong men can solve any crisis.
He didn't do shit but call somebody and say good luck. Then he pardoned a racist criminal during the distraction.
lets be fair now. He did sign a disaster proclamation unleashing all government resources to help. What else is he supposed to do?
Perhaps instead of golfing fill the hundreds of government positions lacking staff, including the NHC director.  http://www.nhc.noaa.gov/aboutstaff.shtml …
Perhaps embracing instead of vilifying science. Stop calling climate science fake. Those guys save 1000s of lives when a hurricane happens.
Perhaps not cutting NOAA funding
Perhaps not slashing funding to FEMA and disaster relief.
The proof will be in the pudding. Hopefully he will stay true to his word.

Sigh
Until you show some gonads and speak out against the bigotry and hate generated by the Divider in Chief, your words are meaningless, Coryn

Do you worship Trump much It will interesting to see if poor and middle class people get help
How many times did he tell you to shut down #RussiaGate? @SenateMajLdr @ThomTillis
There is something wrong with your reasoning processes.
Enough with the self-promoting. Lives are in danger. Get to work, bigots.
You know what?  I have seen one to many Promos from/on the Whitehouse today while I ponder my greatest threat ... Hurricane Trump

Blah blah blah.
Lol. Tell @realDonaldTrump @VP to stay in their Swamp and just write the relief check hoping it doesn't bounce. We don't need anything else
Did he say "Good luck! Bye!"
Reporter: "Mr. President, do you have a message for the people of Texas?"

President Trump: "Good luck to everybody." 
Good job, Johnny. Keep kissing his hindquarters and he won't turn on you. yet.
Great news huh Dems? Good coordination. Right Dems ?
Good coordination of laying in the weeds and slipping in the Arpaio pardon behind the news of a natural disaster.. Right Trumpers?
Crazy how you refused aid to sandy yet you want it now for TX. #resign
This guy?
Did you tell POTUS pardoning obviously racist and despicable Arpaio was a mistake? Because if not, you're not doing your job.
least the bigot could do
Love Trump . Only 3.25 long years left
You would say this even if it wasn't true. Partisan shill.
