Oh how you try to spin history so quickly. #resist
Much to my chagrin I agree. The best Dem candidate did not run. However, the Reps failed by allowing Trump to prevail and divide a nation.
France learned from America's 2016 mistake and elected the best candidate to heal their nation and remain a world power.
Be a leader and bridge the divide in our nation, otherwise you will wake up in the fall of 2020 blindsided like the Dems were in 2016.
What we need you to do is recognize the country is headed down a path we may not be able to recover from. Trump needs to go.
It scares me how u focus on her so much.  Trump does 10x worse & *crickets*.  Reason?
The people choose her.
I feel like maybe it's time for you to stop gloating and focus on actually governing in the best interest of ALL of your constituents, maybe
Wow.. I actually agree with Cornyn on this one. Hillary is the one responsible for the loss.
.@JohnCornyn These continued posts bashing the Dems and Clinton show how insecure you and Trump are. Get off his bandwagon and do your job.
YOUR SIDE WON.  GET OVER IT, SNOWFLAKE
Election. Is. Over.
Why are you living in the past Cornyn?  Let it go...
Why are you writing about this election in May? You and Trumpo?
Cornyn/Trump obsession
Why do u keep bringing Hillary up. It's done senator. Let's solve our present problems like Russia!
Last time I checked she won the popular vote, but I guess she forgot about that thing called "The Electoral College". Go get bent, Johnny
Do you not fear trump will take y'all down with him?? Remember 2008?? Time for you ..old man...to be gone
P.S. She has 10x the heart you do, she has all the character, dignity and honor, and that is exactly why you are still talking bout her!
John - Trump clearly is ass-deep in Russian collusion - sure you wanna leave your nose up his butt?
Why are you talking about this? You should worry about your job, not a past election.
not seeing lots of positive comments here. Might be time to rethink positions. Or to start listening to your constituent
(And by "ALL your constituents" I mean including those who aren't rich, old, horrible, mean, hypocritical white men. Just to clarify)
No, John. She actually won by 3 million votes. Gerrymandering put your nepotistic psychopath in the WH. Are you talking to #Russia, too? 
She screwed Bernie Sanders and his supporters, THATS why she lost. You don't try to force people to vote for you.
No it's because of the connection of trump and the russians. The truth will come out!!
Just as the reason you lose the next election will be you. And seriously, get over her-obviously compensating for...???
Oh please. Get busy, we're paying you.
Hillary lost for many reasons- Russians and Comey were 2 big reasons. BTW - we will be voting you out soon. From a constituent
It's building John. 2018 and 2020 are coming. Better get to work for the people who put you there. #hearourvoice
Your hate and the GOP hate for Obama and Hillary makes you look small.Meanwhile Trump is vacationing and golfing on taxpayers dime
How much longer will we talk about the 2016 election? Stop distracting us, focus on the issues your constituents care about.
Uh, tweet is beneath a senator rep'ing Texas, or did u hand off your twitter account to some twenty-something with no concept of propriety?
Can't wait to read the same title with your name 
And the reason you will lose in 2020 is you.
You keep living in the past vs meeting our needs in TX & the next election is going to cost you dearly!  Have townhall damn it!!!!
5th, what the hell is your point? Move on.
4th, MSM & FBI clearly limited coverage of Trump, Russia, & policies, & bombarded the public with emails, emails, emails, a non-story.
3d, by now everyone knows that the Russians favored Trump, but not one peep out of you about THAT.
1st, the author, Henry Olsen, writes for National Review, so this is clearly the usual hit piece. 2nd, why are you running against her?
Felon will never again hold public office she belongs behind bars
AND, comey'sdamn letter, AND RUSSIA'S ATTACK ON OUR ELECTIONS; to  FAVOR TRUMP!! dO Ur JOB, INVESTIGATE!
And the reason Trump won is because he was such a great man? Careful - you are on the wrong side of history here. Russia. Comey.
Why are you SO worried about her?  You must be scared of her.......you keep bringing her up!
And the main reason you're gonna lose is YOU.
Do you not have better things to do with your time @JohnCornyn?
Says the Trump puppet
What a troll
How's the air behind @realDonaldTrump coattails? You can't seem to get over the election either. Better start gearing up for yours.
Hillary would have only been bested by Obama. Trump is the worst president in our country's history.
*sigh* She will always blame someone or something else for her own failures.
I am continually surprised how similar you are, on many levels, to Trump.
Agree
Grow up. Respect and listen to constituents instead of denigrating them. Even with our policy differences we have a ton of common ground.
Remember John, she did win the popular vote by a wide margin. Agree she wasn't a great candidate.
Two words. RUSSIAN PROPAGANDA. 

I voted for the candidate that scared the he'll out of Putin. How about you? Trump = lapdog
not her, but her fascist,socialist, democrat ideas, policies and party.
We will be saying the same to you after next election! Vote this suck up traitor out of office! He is an embarrassment to Texas!!!
Ffs, move on!
Shut. Up. About. HRC. And. Focus. On. Doing. Your. Job. #TheResistance #Impeach45
And Comey and Russian Interference!
Quit living in the past John.  You have a job to do before you're voted out of office.
OMG WHO CARES?!?!? I'm over it. Why aren't you?
Go look up "hubris," sir. I'll wait ...
@JohnCornyn Isn't there a better use of your time? Maybe try focusing on your job. Remember who you work for.
What we'll post in 2020:

No, John -- the main reason you lost is ... you

#RepealAndReplaceJohnCornyn
Release Trump's taxes 
Release the documents on Flynn
You know it's over right? Can we focus on the important things like killing this AHCA b.s.? Was a Repub voter until 2016..voting Dem in 2018
Every day you continue to bash D's, Clinton, etc, you become more and more pathetic. Come on man, do your damn job and stop this BS!
because so many people "just don't like her," and would rather burn it all down than elect a woman.
Nah. The election was RIGGED. Just like Trump said it would be.
Yeh, it had nothing to do with Trump ties to Russian intelligence or WikiLeaks or anything else, you partisan hack.
Still fighting with Hillary? Sad, you should be fighting for the american people!
Stop looking in rear view mirror, GOP. Wall, Tax Reform, Immigration Reform - they are constructive issues. End drama, Maj Whip!
you r such a Small Boy-can't wait when you r out of office
Same reason you're headed down the same path?
Stop already, Senator...
I wonder if you will be as self aware in 2020 #resist #doyourjob #TownHall
are we still talking about this? I want to believe there are more pressing issues to be addressed by my senators.
? John. If the states are better at making decisions for their people, why did you vote to stop them from creating retirement accounts?
Couldn't possibly be because deep pocketed donors on Wall Street were complaining?
When you lose you will understand the real reason you lost was you and your failure to represent Texans.  #DoYourJob #VoteNoAHCA #voteyouout
Jesus, move on. Don't you have babies with preexisting conditions to laugh at?
Could you please actually work for us instead of posting articles that rehash something that is already done?
She didn't lose. The GOP broke the voting system by lying and cheating. Butt least she can own up to it. Trump is a stupid ignorant B%$$#
Why are you tweeting this? This has nothing to do with you and your work. It just shows how alike you and Trump really are. MOVE ON! We have
Hope you remember that congressman.
And you are completely ignoring the power of the resistance.....nov 2018 is going to be fun!!!
At what point did you just decide that classlessness is the way to go?
She should have stayed quiet. She continues to remind everyone about her crimes and poor showing in the elections.
You are making a fool of yourself, sir.
When is your town hall? Where?
Statement on healthcare please.
: enough already, she lost. The future: when did you say Dallas-area town hall is?  We gotta talk about health care
your left trolls are out in force today..lol.hitting you personally for a rt of an article always makes me laugh.keep up the good work
2018 Cruz goes first, 2020 you're next. Its my life agenda now buddy
It's funny cause you idiots are creating a whole new movement for the Dems. I voted Repulican my whole life but now I never will again
#repealandreplaceyoursentor
Please focus on the present, not the past.
2/2  Another false talking pt. HRC took responsibility But said,Comey,Wikileaks &Russian hacking had impact on election by influencing minds
No.I blame Right Wing Media & their incessant lying for not years but decades.Trump voters when asked abt Hillary repeat lies & conspiracies
it seems like there are more important things to focus on
And the main reason Obama won TWICE, by both popular and electorate and no Russian interference is W. Remember when you were his water boy?
You have to move on. Maybe focus on actual work.
So why do you feel the need to comment on something a prior presidential candidate said. It does not effect you. Except maybe Russia?  Hmmmm
White House is #45 and his family     You all are the wealthy receiving the tax cuts.  Yay corruption
Russian and 45 collusion foreign agents working for him republicans allowing foreign intervention just to win WhiteHouse
Who f*cking cares? Your party juTvoted to take health care from cancer patients. How little scruples do u have?
Why are we still talking about Hillary? Insecure? You should be. You're #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue
WHY ARE YOU  STILL  TALKING  ABOUT  HILLARY
@HillaryClinton   UGH, RETIRE, DEMON!!!
You might want to focus on the future...there are important issues at hand: 45's fitness and #Trumprussia
Give up your creepy Hillary stalker ways and do your actual job.
What are your Russian connections, John?
You have one very conspicuous Russian connection:
No coincidence she crawls from under her rock as Comey is testifying.
You're not even good at trolling. Resign now and save your family from eternal ridicule.
Love it!!  Very true.  Sometimes it's hard to see what's in front of your face!
John Cornyn is one of the most despicable Senators.  Totally classless and graceless.  His statement at the hearing was reprehensible.
WTF? Who is managing your feed?
How about stay in your own lane & work on finding the ties to #trumprussia or #trumptaxes because that's what your constituents care about
Do you ever read anything other than tabloid trash?
The main reason you'll lose is because your a craven, career politicians that hitched your wagon to a conman for political expediency.
If would be great if you would stop slinging mud and start advocating for Texans. Get you head down, work, and lead.
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp must be thoroughly investigated. Do not stand in the way, Cornyn.
THE ELECTION OVER MOVE ON!!!! #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress
Is this fill in the blank?? "Gerrymandering"
The reason she lost is an arcane electoral college system that favors smaller states. I'd think you'd care about TX being underrepresented
- She took ultimate responsibility (unlike some "leaders") - no denying Russia, Comey, misogyny, ignorance & EC were factors
She didn't lose the republicans lost they now have a reality tv guy lol
Stop being obsessed with Hilary and tell when you're coming to Lubbock.  We need to talk to you about a certain bill.
And you sound awfully sure for someone that appears to be avoiding any real investigation into Russia's involvement...
Even my devout Republican husband voted for her. Y'all mighy be in for a giant shock in 2018 & 2020. But, please, continue to relive 2016.
But now she finds that her mission and purpose in life is going out to destroy Fox News with her FemiNazi army.. 
takes a real man to kick someone while their down...real classy John..you did a great job echoing Kremlin talking points...#traitor
Hey I like that. Has a nice ring to it. No, John -- the main reason you lost is...you
...and Putin, Fox news, Breitbart, WikiLeaks Julian Assange.. the FBI. But thanks for playing.
Who gives a shit? Will you vote no on the healthcare bill?
She got over 2M more votes than *45. What does that say about him?
Technically it was 3M. If you count the votes the other candidates got, it's more like 11M votes more than he got. I like that number better
Dadgummit I hate it when I agree with @JohnCornyn. But she lost because the electorate is stupid.
I guess you've gone full Trumpkin, huh John?
Sounds like it.
Better distance yourself.   Your name may show up in the 42 people Grand Jury is looking at.
She did take responsibility if you dared to listen to her interview.  She said, what we all say. Russian hacking had an impact on election.
Hell...Bernie beat your ass!
