Science does not jump to conclusions.  It studies. Trust science, not lobbyists. #SCIENCEMATTERS
I hope your chances of re-election are similar to that of a #snowball in #Congress  
Stop trying to be so smug. Even the Joint Chiefs realize climate change is real w/dangerous effects. But I guess you're smarter
Climate Change is not science. It's not predictive - philosophically unsound. Only firm prediction is global socialism and $ redistribution
That's the way science go, John. Truthful.
Don't give John facts.  They get in the way of his oil and gas lobbyist's lies.  Tell him Obama created climate change...then it will matter
Shocked at the ever growing connection our Executive administration has to a hostil foreign power. Does it shock you @JohnCornyn? Or @gop?
Not dealing with climate change now is a death sentence for your descendents.
The first sanr thing I've heard from you.
Cornyn clearly does 't give a shit for the earth
Dinosaur
Well in 100 years our families will wonder why we were so stupid and laugh and say yeah and the thought the earth was flat too...
you have 28% favorable rating now. R U going 4 the all time low? history will not serve u well on many topics!
Here's 3 million reasons why John denies climate change. He's a lying piece of 
#kleptocrats
"Denied Climate Change to the Detriment of Mankind"  what a legacy
Future historians are shocked at this one weird trick
It couldn't? Please share the peer reviewed research that was so inconclusive?
Bless your heart. Vote no on the Senate healthcare bill.
You just can't be serious. Maybe if this administration wouldn't have fired all scientists from govt agencies you could consult an expert 
dumber than a Texas longhorn...
Texas please stop sending us this idiocy
Working on it.
@BetoORourke for Senate 2018!
Glad to see you're finally joining the climate change convo. #progress. Here's a look at what it'll do to your state
That's not @JohnCornyn speaking, but rather $3mil+ of oil & gas interests over the past 15 years. @CleanAirMoms TX chapter will stop him.
Your such a fool. Just like a Dem. Believing in this crap. And your my senator
You embarrass intelligent Texans, @JohnCornyn !
It's was aliens John. Climate Change Denial is just a GOP fake news hoax.
"To me, it's an unequivocal signature of the impact of climate change on Larsen C," Eric Rignot, a glaciologist at NASA JPL
Bless your dopey old heart.
No big deal. Happens all of the time. Don't confuse natural climate change with AGW. 

https://nsidc.org/cryosphere/quickfacts/iceshelves.html …
Yes, I 2 am shocked that u don't get that it is all due 2 climate change. Your great grandchildren will die because of your denial.
.@JohnCornyn Houston under water. Think about it. If you're going to represent Texans, open your eyes. #TXVoter
Sen Cornyn--can you prove it isn't due to climate change? (Was that an attempt at humor? Snark? Plz explain.)
John exactly how much money has big oil thrown your way to spew this bull crap? Just looked it up, actually. $3m over your career.
I have some great health insurance that covers Delaware size icebergs due to climate change. It will also cure low t and ice t.
This is all just a big joke to you isn't it John? Keep laughing we are watching and waiting until #CanCornyn20
Why is there a smile here? This is not good news.
I was shocked that you receive 3 separate govt pensions on top of your salary. Talk about a government boondoggle!
You misses the most imp part. Larson 3 will prob continue to break off which WILL create sev feet rise in ocean. That WILL be caused by GW.
Well that's an idiotic statement
Your statement is not 100% accurate.
Suggestion: talk to some actual climate scientists & see all their evidence to support climate change. Facts are actually useful.
You are an embarrassment to #Texas and #America
You do realize their failure to attribute this to climate change strengthens their argument and weakens yours?
Iceberg's break off all the time not necessarily due to climate change. That doesn't mean climate change doesn't exist. Ridiculous.
Science searches for Truth, while John searches for political favor from Trump's base.
Shocked? You're funny. Please spare us your faux shock. Climate change is an urgent threat. Act like it.
Can't wait to vote you out of office @JohnCornyn! #VoteOutCornyn #Vote2020
what a idiot statement ! seriously! shame shame shame
Why don't you quit worrying about icebergs and start working on some of the promises you made to Texans?
Shocked you are considered a human!
You think this shit is funny? Climate change is a joke to you?
Or do you ... think this is a joke? Please tell me this is not a joke.
Your twee little smiley emoji isn't going to fix this. Aggressive policy corrections can.
Why in the hell do you support an admin that doesn't believe in climate change then???
Don't turn into a man made climate change nut job.

Apparently your integrity can be bought for 3 million dollars. What a man.
Blissful ignorance from elected officials is soooo frustrating
Hi John, you represent me. BTW, many phenomena important to climate are now seen for first time because of our investments in science.
You obviously don't care. By the time the earth dies you will be long dead and gone. You don't care about the future of this world
The Koch brothers and the GOP do not allow climate change
Apparently your mind is lost. You're too old to represent us anymore. You need to just resign. Now. If you're not going to serve us, get out
You talk big game during the primaries but then you become a swamp creature the day after you win re-election. Repeal Obamacare!
Now an iceberg is a political pawn?  Scientific data confirms this was a normal event.  Get back to work.  Nothing to see here.
SCIENCE IS REAL
Oh no, we are all going to die.
I don't understand your tweet. Are you saying you're shocked that ppl claim it's not linked to climate change?
Science does not jump to conclusions like politicians, science takes time to prove the conclusion that it comes to so their answer is sound.
You are so embarrassing.
Surely Obama is to blame  :-)
no longer shocked that you are a pathetic excuse for a senator. Corrupt.
This talk of Icebergs causing rampant coastal flooding has been going on for decades! This country has been working on lessening pollution!
Tell the rest of the Republican climate change is  a hoax...not fake news
maybe you should read what these people say http://www.sciencemag.org/news/2017/07/delaware-sized-iceberg-splits-antarctica … I trust them more than Politicians.
.@JohnCornyn Your willful disregard of climate change endangers your constituents. You lack courage and integrity and are no hero. Sad.
That smiley face . . . I didn't have strong feelings of dislike for you until I started following you on. Stick with innocuous stuff.
I'm truly just trying to understand. Why is this politicized?
It takes time to assess data.
Republicans have no idea that warm temperatures cause ice to melt. Science is confirmed by its manifestations.
Calving happens & always has. Doesn't mean climate change isn't happening. #Moron #LightBeerDrinker #DullLifelessEyes #Shame #2020VoteYouOut
Sorry America. This science-denying senator is mine but Im working hard to get rid of him and @tedcruz
1) We cant put  in a lab. 2) Science doesnt "prove". Gravity, theory of relativity, atomic table,  revolving around  are all theories.
http://cosee.umaine.edu/files/coseeos/MisconceptionsaboutScience_v2.pdf …
How do you know you aren't just a brain in a vat? Or you are just dreaming?
What is shocking about that Senator?
Climate is changing a-hole its the cause that is the argument... what a putz
Respectfully, what policies have you supported to protect the earth, as God commanded God to do?
Cornyn is a CINO, just like Trump.
It isn't too late for him to embrace Christ's love and do right. Until then, we persevere.
climate change is in control of the Creator LORD, not the created beings.
Wtf kind of comment is this?  Good God I can't wait to vote against you.
For all who are curious, that election date is Nov 3, 2020. My calendar is marked.
Praying for your common sense, knowledge & desire to save the planet for all as well as your family.
You are horrible at this senator. You want to doubt science and protect a con man. Money & party at the cost of all else is your mantra.
What? You're not going to blame Hillary?
Believing in science when its convenient to u vs credible scientific community is sad. If u don't recognize science give back ur healthcare

You are truly a pitiful man. The joy you have in gloating over the detriment of the globe (regardless of cause) is truly vile.
Im shocked that you are allowing Trump to destroy america while you in @GOP destroy individuals with healthcare.
@JohnCornyn is #Complicit in all that @realDonaldTrump says & does because Cornyn has no moral compass.

At least you're being transparent about being bought and paid for by fossil fuel industry.
no this happens all the time? last year, last decade, last century? No!  what will your grandchildren think
Shocked you think our polar caps breaking off state sized chunks is a joke.
Guess they didn't read the facts written by the scientist. They said it has nothing to do with climate change.
Are you ignorant or deliberately misleading your constituents?

Do you even science, bro?
You're a real piece of work. I can't wait to vote against you. :-)
Wow, way to disprove climate change! Next up, sucking on Trump's toes!
And your grandchildren thank you for your incredible shortsightedness...... :-)
Yet ANOTHER advertisement BOUGHT+PAID for by BIG OIL.Tell us Senator HOW MUCH $$ do you get from the OIL industry? U r a crook just like #DT
When did you stop loving our country, John?
Fiddling while Rome burns, my friend.
This is just a job for Johnny.
He don't give two shits.
guys dont panic, cornyn is new to this. oh hes not?!?! oh eff!!!!
It's called cherry picking, Mr. Cornyn. You ignore all the facts, but only focus on the one thing that confirms your beliefs.
it's called science. good scientists are not political asshats.  they value inquiry, evidence, and painstaking procedure.
John doesn't care about TX or our children's future. Big oil $$ is all he wants. Vote him out!

Shocked how anti-American you are. #Coward
Not shocked u'd be more worried about operating costs of Oil Companies than clean air for us to breathe.
We will look back on the aide that runs your twitter acct as a reason why you lost your seat. Look at renewable energy biz in Texas, smh.
It's sad to think an intelligent man like you has so little awareness of man's impact on the environment.
Shocked a Republican is taking one piece of info and misrepresenting it mean something more.  You're all a bunch of fucking cons
Yeah, climate change is HILARIOUS when you "serve" a coastal, agricultural state. Oops, you only serve the rich folks. Sorry. My bad.
Do you really have nothing better to do, John? Private sector employer would fire you in a heartbeat. Thank goodness you work in government.
Serious people look at facts and come to conclusions. Liars, bigots, and hypocrites start from a conclusion and invent their own facts.
Do you know how transparent your talking points are? I really need to know if you are that stupid or you just think we are.
quite pathetic John, seeing how unpopular you are with your own constituents.
Why should you care for future generations right?
John why do you even tweet, nobody likes you. In fact, how the hell to you get elected? Suppression strong in your state?
Same stupid logic trump used recently something like "record snow today in NY that proves there is no global warming"
Equivalent to "Record heat in Arizona" is.
