As long as those years are spent behind bars.
When u make the first contribution to the advancement to the USA little twirp, then u might have a right to utter these words until then SU
So only service members and vets are allowed to have an opinion on our government? Nope, doesn't work that way.
No that is not what was said. U have yet to contribute anything to a this society but spread hate for this admin. Even on a good mans bday
You know literally nothing about me but okay. 
Who's birthday is it anyway?
I don't know how anyone's birthday is relevant to this. His tweet makes no sense.
Happy Birthday VP Pence! May God richly bless you! May the Holy Spirit guide and protect you!
God doesn't bless a woman hater
And who are you to judge? If you believe in God you will love the person no matter what. It's a command from God!
Hell is real for a reason & after we found out he's cutting larger pieces of the charities for children cancer for himself The  say differ
Hmmm I really don't know who you are talking about. Let's agree to disagree. You are entitled to your own opinion.
Okay I agree God will still love him But Trump will still go to hell for all of his sins against his fellow man as the Bible commands.
How sure are you? You are being judgmental! You don't know that!
You using the Lord's words to turn a blind eye & act like anything he does will be forgiven doesn't mean it okay! Did God forgiven Hitler?
May God bless us with many less...
That type of rage can only come from a man who was never able to get laid. Seek help.
There's no rage. If it seems angry to you, the voices in your head need a Xanex.
wishing for the VP's early death takes a lot of rage. Just noticed you're not even an American. Get a life even if you can't get laid.
Is that what you read into that??? Fuck me, you've got issues.
Ok, how about dinner?
I can't be seen with a 50 y/o sporting an eyebrow ring like a 16 y/o girl. Plus I'd have to pay, like Americans always do for Europeans
You guys have to get @POTUS to subsidize hospitals & clinics!  Get ins co's out of picture they are profit mongers, sucking life from USA!
Hi
Such a Proverbs 31 man, may God bless him, and These United States of America! #PTLClub!!!
May this be your last birthday as a free man. Democracy will prevail, you will be put in jail.
Are you referring to Obama and Clinton? It's VP PENCE birthday!!!! Happy birthday VP Pence
YOU believe in God??? But you lie incessantly!!! Your children ARE learning from YOU!!!
HAPPY BIRTHDAY  VP  PENCE GOD BLESS  GUIDE AND PROTECT YOU
Happy Birthday Donald
Happy birthday Kelly 
Happy Birthday VP Pence!!!  I hope you run for Pres. when Trump's successful 8 years are complete!
She is the most inappropriate, ignorant example of a social climber ever Dresses like a hooker at the WH in leather, daytime ugh not my hero
Envy envy envy !!!! go go go classy and fashionable  pretty lady go Kellyanne
May god impeach Trump, the whole WH administration and the GOP!
Did you pray the same when the world is laughing  at the USA!!! Go go go PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP
Airhead
Airhead not the words that I  would use for the woman that was instrumental in the defeat of the entire dem party. LMAO at losers
Yes by lying to gullible racists.  She was instrumental in that.
...as vile and hateful as the least hateful democrat. Dem white women are the most vile and actually racist self centered & racist ever met
no that award goes to the orange monster and his family
kellyanne you shouldn't message pence personally, his wife gets jealous when ladies talk to him...#TimeToResign kellyanne, what is your job?
God is not going to care about people that hurt the poor to get rich themselves.
They are already rich!!! They work hard do the same stop whining!!! Go go go Kellyanne!!! You rock  lady
Happy birthday Mrs.Bush we miss your grace and dignity in the WH something that is sorely missing in this new administration .
God hates you both. You know that, right ?
Wonder what Mother will get him for his bday.
SALUTE
Send him your resume
Happy belated birthday to the @VP ! Blessings abundant!
What a great vp. President Trump did a great job picking him.

Amen
Does your mouth burn when you say, "God"?
Awww Mike Pence's birthday is the same month as Gay Pride. Happy Birthday and happy pride, mary. Time to let your freak flag fly
Please don't impeach @POTUS so this #creepy dude doesn't become president. You think women have it bad now, see what happens if @vp is in
perhaps he'll get to be POTUS if we all wish hard enough
You using "God bless" is pretty hypocritical.
Love you both please never back down from saving America, And please keep Israel save also.
Happy Impeachment!!! #EndOfStory
First impeachment then the party
Except there is no god
Keep Pres off twitter.  Make America Great Again!  No Twitter.

Ewwww
Sucking up thinking he will take over after #Impeachment? You will be gone too, FYI?
Amen!
Happy Birthday VP Numbers 6:24-26
http://www.msnbc.com/hardball  A tiny amount of patriotism, loyalty to the US Constitution would make me very happy! Are you capable? Anyone?
God doesn't exist Kellyanne.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY VP PENCE!!!!  GOD BLESS
#ChooseTruthOverTrump
May God curse all of you at every turn tomorrow. I hope you get myeloma.
Happy Birthday Mr. VP!!!!
But did you not hear the obstructing justice confirmation?
Happy birthday Vice President Pence
Happy Birthday VP Pence.
Happy Birthday @VP!! Hope your day is extra special! Thank you for serving our country in such a beautiful way! #MAGA
The one thing you haven't lied about! It actually IS his birthday!
He's in hiding today, I hear
Pence is blessed.  He is a liar, a fake, and a wienie.
Sleep well.  TOmorrows ComeyDay
Happy Birthday VP Pence.
Happy Birthday and many more !
Which God are you referring to? Ur looking more wore out and run down Everytime I see you. Maybe you should pray for some type of healing.
Well he has offended everyone from all faiths, I doubt he is in Gods favor.
Indeed. He is a class act.
As for Mike Pence he has a weiner in the first degree now I know why they picked him to partner with Trump he is a puppet
Night Ed! In the morning check your sentence construction. Anyway have a great night! Regards Michael.
Sorry I used the voice thing my fingers don't work so well I know take a long time for me to text
Your boss forgot @realDonaldTrump but no shocker there
Liberal Women Hate Me Because Of My “Striking Beauty And Intellect”, Says Kellyanne Conway "She looks like a hag"
LLLLLLLLOSRR
Meaning?
If her lies weren't so damned entertaining her worth would be Net Zero
Hopefully you can celebrate his next birthday in prison. Along with 34% approval rating POS @POTUS - may God bless. 
God? Perhaps government officials should hold back on the public references to non-existent entities?  Just a thought.
Happy birthday
Happy Birthday Sir.
Amen, VPOTUS Pence!
Happy birthday #kellyanneconway
Your lips are firmly planted on those butts
Hello
Happy Birthday VPOTUS. Msg from Army Strong. Make all tweets positive. Accomplishments to MAGA. No more nickel dime negative stuff.
Can I get what you smoking Kellyanne  
DistractDistractDistractDistractDistractDistractDistract
DistractDistractDistractDistractDistractDistractDistract
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
Happy Birthday to the greatest VP from Australia. God Bless
Happy birthday vp Pence!
Happy birthday
34% is the magic number.
pay no attention to nay sayers. Happy birthday God bless you with many more.
Happy birthday kellyanne
Happy Birthday VP !
Happy birthday VP. God bless you.
Ass kisser...
god isnt too hot on lying.... just remember that #hexenbeist
You're still here??  It's over.  You can't talk about alternative facts and have any rational person take you seriously.  Delete the account
Amen
Zombie wishes!
Happy Birthday
He won't be VP on his next birthday.
absolutely If at all possible ......wishing him a GRT birthday.
Are you leaking classified info?
May god bless you with many more birthdays spent rotting inside a federal prison. 
(which y'all prolly own stock in)
You look like you've had 10 birthdays in just the past six months
You boss and his son committed fraud against St. Jude Childrens hospital. You must be so proud .
Ask your boss to give Pence the presidency for his birthday. That would be a horror show, but better than the current state.
Happy Birthday VP of the USA. May you have many more.
You guys need to push @TGowdySC  "Enabling The Law Act". 

@TomFitton @POTUS @MichaelCohen212 @seanhannity @oreillyfactor @SheriffClarke
And jail time!
And may you get bday cake in a jail cell next year along with the rest of your gang of a-holes
So you are already starting to kiss his ass. You know Trump is History. Read Comey Memo?
Who knows? Pence may be the new POTUS with latest Comey statement.
Happy Birthday Vice President Pence!!! Thank you for all that you do.
And what God would that be because he certainly is not a Christian
@realDonaldTrump and what about the Comey memo?
@doedeer1664 barf
Gross.
Happy Birthday @VP wishing you your true heart's desire for you and your family!
Kelly are you going to tell me happy birthday in October? LOL

Yes 
Happy Birthday to the VP
may god bless us all that he'll be out of office for his next one!
Happy Birthday Mr. Vice President Pence
Meth users don't believe in God.
Happy birthday Mr. Vice President. Hope you get your wishes to come true. Fred F
Happy Birthday !  Your not getting older- your building seniority!!
Amen for many years to come serving USA public @potus @realDonaldTrump #MAGA #MASA #TrumpTrain #DTS #BuildTheWall
Kellyanne, you need to ask CNN why they only employ young Barbie Dolls and white men to host their programming..except for 4 Af-Ams
.
Happy Birthday, VP Mike Pence! May God continue to bless you & yours! We appreciate and honor your leadership! 
Can't hv din w/ u, Kel, no mat how hrd u try. Bats fr other team, all conversion therapy in world can't stop Mother Nature. #resign #liars
You Suck
blessings to you
More birthdays will be fine, but no more fucken Trumps!
Happy Birthday VP! May you have a long, healthy and happy life.
Not!
I hope he has many years as well...in prison.
Skank .
Happy Birthday Mr Vice President! Stay Healthy to pick up the Torch in 2024! 2 carry on where Our OUTSTANDING POTUS Leaves OFF! NavyVet!
Happy birthday, Mr. Vice President
HOPEFULLY, AS A PRIVATE CITIZEN.
God forbid.  And will someone please get Trump as many Big Macs as he wants.
Brown nosing again? You'll be out of a job as soon as @realDonaldTrump gets impeached!
Happy Birthday
Oh please go away!
Hope you have a great Birthday!
May God bless you @VP on your Birthday and every day.
God Bless Vice President Pence.
@VP Happy Birthday!!! My you have a Blessed Day in Jesus name Amen!!!
Mother doesn't like you tweeting her boy.
Isn't "mother" going to be upset that she wasn't in the room with you when you tweeted? #Sad #NoTrust
