Do what Trump said : Universal Healthcare.
Just curious, how many people will go to church Easter Sunday having lost their health insurance? #ReplaceNotRepeal
Yeah because they have no other pertinent issues to look at it [Insert Russian Meddling]
How many more Texans will your replacement cover?
I do not support the repeal of ACA. Please, do not take away my healthcare. Sincerely, your 78757 constituent
so u can leave millions without healthcare. Y does the GOP hate the poor so much? Disgraceful! #nov2018elections
since you've had ~SEVEN YEARS to come up with it, it will be golden, right? Right? Your constituents are watching
Repeal with no replacement is political suicide.
voter in 77578. Your plan-less and lack any basic integrity. How about you have a #townhall? Quit hiding from us.
your constituents would rather keep the #ACA, and improve upon it...
especially since the @GOP has no real sustainable plan...
access to healthcare for all, including those with preexisting conditions is a must...
No, that's Socialism. It doesn't work in Germany, UK, etc. Don't want that here!
@SenTedCruz We the People do not want Obamacare lite!!! Total Repeal!!!! Then replace!
If you want to give folks with pre-existing conditions insurance, you'll need something like Obamacare, RomneyCare or GOP1994-care
please do repeal and replace. Signed, your constituent and neighbor. Thank you for all u do Senator.
TX EDU is bottoming out, but ur stuck in 2010 with this busted message. #TownHall would clue you in, but u avoid us
Good! Talk to the people, silence only makes the @GOP look like they are doing nothing
make sure everyone has a chance to see it well in advance. The plan needs extreme vetting.
I'm sure it will be vetted as hard as Betsy DeVos was.
at least DeVos appeared before congress. Make the plan public and let OMB take a crack at implications.
repeal the damn thing in its entirety asap. Keep govt out of health care
What plan? When will you bring it to a town hall and show it to us?
quick to attack the aca but not the Russia-TRUMP Independent investigation...party loyalty?
party loyalty? Try partisan hack who will put party ahead of integrity every time.
What is in the hidden bill? Why are you hiding it from the American people? #GovtMatters #MostCorrupt
Even though millions are against the repeal.....you guys really are something!
People will suffer with this GOP Fool's Crusade to kill ACA. ACA is law. Make it the foundation of your fix. PLEASE
Did you find your replacement plan? Maybe it's in the mail with that check someone sent me.
Texans need the ACA. Please improve it, do not repeal it.... it has been a life line for millions of us. Please have a heart....
what happened to transparency?  Publish the plan and listen to your constituents feedback!
I live in 75093. Do not repeal the ACA!!! And demand Sessions' resignation! #doyourjob #treason
75218 here.  Repealing ACA leaves blood on your hands Senator.  Don't do it.
Please do it! And then a new budget. Best #200days ever! Do it and you'll be speaker in 4 years. #RyanPlan
uh why would a senator be speaker ?
do you have a plan to replace? Let's hope so.
Can you explain the hide and seek bill ?  Where is it?
Single Payer Now! Medicare for all!
Break from the party line and do the right thing. Improve #ACA  #TownHall #Trumprussia #SessionsLied #DoYourJob
- governance will force you and the GOP to confront the reality that repeal without replacement is untenable. ACA not bad, huh?
Great news!  Break up the log jam! Wish there was a straight forward, simple repeal on Obamacare!
and do you plan to vote for repeal? And how about a replacement?
Is someone tracking how may people will die by repeal? But hey, you're going to give them "access" to care, right?
conservatrumps been trying to repeal Obamacare for 8 years? Be careful, changing long run programs makes you progressive
@tedcruz @replouiegohmert Stop the lies! You don't have a plan!
so are we talking abt the wild goose chase y'all sent everyone on today? THERE'S NO PLAN. We ALL KNOW IT.
the locked rm that only certain ppl have access to?
Whar kind of ridiculous game r y'all trying 2 play w Amer ppl? We need the adults to come back in the rm ASAP.
u have good health care don't u? u really don't care abt the health of the nation.
Sessions committed perjury.  He needs to resign.
, so you are going to stand with this administration despite their lies and not listen to your constituents. We won't forget.
lol then why are you hiding it in the basement so no one can see your replacement plan. You hide from us now this? Ashamed?
I'm not clicking on that. Do better.
Do the hard work first!  Design a great replacement if you insist on repealing ACA. Too many need insurance!
Ah, the secret plan @GOP plans to spring on @SenateDems & @HouseGOP & American people right before the vote?
I.e., the Senate GOP is waiting on the House GOP to do something productive before they do something productive.
How about investigation of Russian influence in elections and Trump administration?
just say no, John.
again not paying attention !!! We want our health care !!!!
Is this the one hidden in a basement?
build the wall ,it's what we voted for
he's already walked back on the wall, did you miss that last week?
Pls ensure it's a repeal. Nothing will salvage that awful legislation Best to put it out of its misery & move on!
Registered Texas voter. Healthcare is a right. Equal healthcare. Equal access. For all.
So you'll be voting against repeal, right? Since that's what your constituents want? Since you have no replacement?
Texans, let's vote this guy out of office, then he will be on the same health plan he forces on us!!!!!
Cornyn is nothing more than a demagogue and bureaucratic. #TownHall #coward #ideologue
Majority Wimp is more like it. Repugs have no plan and risk losing in the next 2 elections with full repeal.  #fail
Y R U repubes hiding it under lock & key so none of US can see?
prob have to pass it to see it like Obama care
no replacement in sight STILL. Since you're not doing anything on healthcare front, INVESTIGATE SESSIONS/TRUMP
if you had to draft it in a bunker, it's got to suck.
Yeah that 7 page catastrophe? Fat chance.
make hay while the sun  shines
Those millionaire need their tax cuts
This is a mistake beyond measure. Every sick person who loses health care will be given a platform.
.@JohnCornyn @DailyCaller While you're at it, demand that Trump release his tax returns. #Russia. BTW--Jefferson Beauregard Sessions!
there's a plan?!!! #ProtectOurCare
hope it fixes my #Obamacare problem. Universal hospitalization insurance cut Medicaid use Medicare A. Freemarkets 
there would be so many paid protesters you wouldn't get to talk
I guess we wil see when he has a town hall meeting
Repealling without a replacement? You're clearly not hearing your constituents. #TownHall might help.
did they give YOU access to the basement??? #ACA
Try getting on board with the Sessions investigation seeing the GOP has no health plan.
you will be held accountable for your toxic votes
we r sick of the republicans allowing the media to attack this president
It's about time!
oh were you finally able to find the "terrific" replacement plan @JohnCornyn? @DailyCaller
As an openly vote suppressing racist, Sessions shouldn't have even been there in the first place. This is on you.
fake news
