it sucks when ppl give you a lay up like that. Issues: polling place closure (TX) is the leader. Poor people can't travel far
let's make voting by mail available to everyone and I'm there with you, Senator.
how do we handle voter ID with vote by mail?
. @JohnCornyn Not all states have early voting, sir.
also not all employers allow time to vote
just because you proclaim it doesn't make it true. Data shows that you're wrong. Hoping it's due to ignorance and not malice.
With this one tweet, you have made a ton of us determined to kick you out. WHEN ARE YOU MEETING WITH CONSTITUENTS, COWARD?
.@JohnCornyn This is the most engaged you've been on Twitter in months. Yet it's part of non-existent 'voter fraud' convo.
thank you for working on voter registration
With all our phone calls, you finally engage on voter fraud? Why this issue? Realizing we are not paid & showing up in 2020?
you should give up in Twitter because you always fail at.  Just give up in the whole Senate thing while you're at it
when is your town hall meeting
@jhuckobey Do you need a visual explanation? Here you go!
Yep, mail in vote ...doesn't require an auto, because postal service picks up from mailbox.
yes we do. generally complainers about ID required voting probably wouldn't vote even if no ID required.
If it's so simple, then why do voters YOU don't want around have trouble? Interesting, isn't it? #pathetic #sad #loser
Can we also discuss felony disenfranchisement still standing after time is served?
so why do you feel the need to limit?
@jhuckobey if Republicans really cared about people's rights they wouldn't have split Austin into 6 congressional districts
Instead of blaming your constituents for barriers they face, listen and come up with solutions. WHENS THE TOWN HALL?!?!?!?
support online voter registration please.
Corning is a coward by not responding, and should be replaced.
Have you read the court decision striking down key parts of our law?  It highlighted issues on barriers to voting.  Investigate?
@jhuckobey but you're making it harder
I am disabled. My regular early voting place moved booths to a not easily accessible part of the building w/o prior warning!
True in TX. Not so much in states w/ no real support of early voting. CONCERNED US citizens WILL ANYHOW make the effort to vote.
So your goal on twitter today was to reinforce the perception that you have no empathy.
.@JohnCornyn, instead of getting defensive, a real leader listens & helps remove barriers. If you can't lead, we'll find new representation
Excuses are endless. Can't afford ID, can't afford a stamp, can't travel. Dog ate my registration.  laughable
unless you supress their voting rights with fake claims of voter fraud
so some rights justify any wrongs? How political of you!
@jhuckobey Dude! You are voted in for now. Move on from voter fraud for a second and hit the fraud under your nose named Flynn.
not everyone is informed of these opportunities. Ads for voting are always about polling areas, rarely ever info for at home.
Fact: Texas’ voter ID law violates the U.S. law prohibiting racial discrimination in elections https://goo.gl/UA1iXU 
Also Republicans don't seem to believe in everyone voting being a good thing so there is that
Also voting on a workday,having limited places to vote,not having a way to go vote. You might have more people participating.
meanwhile Flynn compromised the WH! This is the worst administration EVER!
yet voter turnout is increasingly low. What are you doing to encourage people to vote?
How can you justify having less places to vote as being ok?
Why not make Election Day a holiday so it is easier for more to vote.
your party was ruled to have suppressed voting with "surgical precision" amongst black populations.
sounds good on paper, just proves you haven't looked into the issue though
...most of which GOP seem to be trying to undermine.
Curious that you support Voting by mail, when research shows that's the biggest source of "voter fraud." Please expound.
not if you're flagged by #CROSSCHECK A full investigation is needed into THOSE practices! Many legit votes were denied! BAD!
@jhuckobey Why not support online voter registration?
early voting is useless if you don't have a place near you or a car.
vote by mail is only an option for elderly and those with disabilities.
that's some weak tea, John. https://www.texastribune.org/2016/11/04/report-texas-holds-highest-number-polling-place-cl/ …
in 2000, 56k black voters were stripped off the rolls in Florida by this unethical/racist technique. 2/
Texas closed approximately 750 Early Voting places throughout the State. How is that justified?
@jhuckobey No Pple w/ 3 jobs, sngle moms, biz owners, the disabled, homebound or terminally ill hve multiple who opps 2 vote.
@jhuckobey @gop voter suppression tactics gerrymandering/voter ID have resulted in a useless stupid congress & a moron as potus.
I would like to know when and where your next town hall is sir? I see nothing on your website.
The Cross-Check process is shady & reminiscent of @KarlRove tactic called vote caging. 1/ @Greg_Palast http://bit.ly/2kziEO8 
why are you afraid of people voting? Make it easy for citizens to vote.
Why aren't you championing democracy any way that you can rather than restricting it? I just don't get it.
cite your source , you need to show us the voter fraud. You are full of alt facts for the alt right. Enjoy your last term
you have an immense opportunity to unite Texans in empathetic, bipartisan ways. Start by not reactionary tweeting in church
Early voting = 1 saturday; otherwise polls close at 5 p.m. on weekdays.
It's always excuses with the left. If someone wants to vote bad enough, they will get to the poles no matter what.
appropriate response, Senator, is 

I understand your concern We will ensure we look into this effect as part of our audit
.@JohnCornyn prove its a widespread problem. Also prove there is widespread illegals voting.
#FusionMovement is princelped not partisan to save ACA/Obamacare
Wrong. It will be repealed and replaced with a far better alternative.
why don't you support legislation for free govt IDs? I mean, y'all are paying millions to 45, you can't swing a little back?
@jhuckobey is it just me or did @JohnCornyn ignore and dismiss your concern?
wait. We have vote by mail in Texas? Tell me more.
