The Senate Intelligence Committee is conducting a bipartisan investigation that will earn the country's confidence https://twitter.com/facethenation/status/846010757934403588 …
Do what's right.
..when one votes for DeVos,Price,Pruitt,Ross,  Mulvaney, Mnuchin- I question voting best for USA over party
still not gonna vote for you
Thank you for this info. Id appreciate it it you would stop being secretice w info dealing w my privacy rights & how you vote.
John, we've seen the partisan bs you tweet everyday. We don't trust you. We demand an independent commission.
Y would he pay any attention 2 u? Your only purpose is 2 interrupt and cause havoc. Hope he doesn't trust you.
Nothing bipartisan of Nunes when he shared intelligence with Trump but not Committee.Nothing bipartisan about u either. #traitor
Senator..Sorry..it's a matter of trust and there is none  ...PS I am a Texas constituent
you must think #WeThePeople are stupid! Appoint an independent prosecutor to investigate this!
If Independent Commission/Special Prosecutor appointed and nothing found, L would demand another until they get results wanted!
You mean like the 8 Benghazi investigations. @JohnCornyn
I have no faith in the integrity of the gop. Liars
Thank you for posting this @JohnCornyn. It is imperative that we have a INDEPENDENT 911 Style Investigation, tho. Do you support that?
Kuddos to you for posting member names. Now constituents know who to call. Bipartisan Independent Inv. 911 Style must be next!
Clearly say that Nunes was WRONG.  Is the word so difficult for the @GOP to pronounce? You've lost all credibility until you do.
When r u going to support independent investigation? What is there to hide? You supported investigation of HRC. #hypocrite
Nope. Independent commission, please.
Nunes already lost the nation's confidence. We need an independent commission. Let's discuss next time you're in TX. #TownHall
@GOP has proven we cannot trust you. We need an independent commission.
No! We demand a special prosecutor and recusal of Nunes. U either support America or Russia John. U seem pro Russia. #traitor
The SIC was always bipartisan until some fools put party over national security
get investigating with public hearings. Just off the top of my head id like to hear from Flynn and manafort.
just remember U.S citizens, U.S,  Texans, Texas, Party
that could be one of the dumbest tweets I've ever had the unfortunate circumstance of reading.
Please get an independent commission & special prosecutor on this right away. Thank you.
You are complicit in a Russian coup of our government.  Your silence reveals u as either complicit or a coward. You can't hide!
hahaha. You and little Marco. No way. Your minds are already made up. Idependent Investigation only.
nothing less than a special prosecutor!
An independent commission would find Democrats used AltLeft Media as McCarthy's List to divert interest from Past POTUS crimes.
:  when do you plan to start the process for an independent investigation?
TY for the information. Happy 2 see you're on the Senate Intelligence Committee.
I applaud Mr. Cornyn for his Patriotism. Country above party is not a choice, it is an obligation.
We don't want people like you, that suck from the Trump Teat investigating @POTUS #RecuseRepublicans
Honestly, if you like the current commission, that means it won't do the job correctly. Your instincts are he worst.
sorry, but we don't trust you...we need an independent investigator.
A bunch of Never Trump swamp dwellers bent on sabotaging the president.
There is one more Republican in the committee. Looks like you're already stacking the deck.
Rubio is funded by Soros and ran against Trump but he can be impartial? Ya right.
You have more women discussing Russia than discussing women's health care.
The person who aids & abets partcipats in commission of a crime by performing sme OvertAct or by giving advice or encouragement.
I think intelligence and Senate are an oxymoron.  Independent or all of you will go down with the President.  Rediculous!
not one bit! You are a traitor!
You all had better. We need to ferret out the truth on this Russian connection
-Texans have not seen you denounce WH asking comm chairs for cover from press, or Nunes' stunt to protect POTUS.   Independent.
@auntbec15 You are not bipartisan on this at all.  Independent investigation is the only way.
Remove Nunes as the committee heard
Senator, consider that Congress is not elected to rubber stamp the Exec branch. South Tx does not want a wall or boder adj tax.
Why are you all afraid of an independent commission? What about demanding tax returns? Afraid of that too?
Nunes is a traitor. Say it, Johnny DeVos.
independent!
and intelligence-an oxymoron. We see the partisan drivel you post everyday. We trust none of you. Your ideology is dead to us.
That's nice. We don't trust te Senate. Independent commission. You haven't given us a good reason NOT to have one.
I'm starting to worry about your mental fitness to serve. Why are not able to put country above party? Who has dirt on you?
Can you update us on Flynn?
We know, we're calling demanding an independent investigation. Nunes says his allegiance is to POTUS. Can't serve 2 objectives.
The eyes of Texas will be upon you.
We need _independent_ investigation!
I will be watching each of you.
not if Nunes is involved!
thats a joke! GOP is hiding something #russia what are you'll afraid of! Work for Texas not GOP!!!
Not Good Enough. We demand a Special Prosecutor
John. When will you all get it. WE DON'T TRUST ANY OF YOU!
trust level in you is low given your history of tweets, seems this is a country over party issue, can the R bring that clarity?
Independent.
and intelligence - a study in contrasts
