Yeah, sure. Lets wait another few days to make this call.
You were way to ease on him and didn't challenge him on his responses. It was a John Cornyn segment.
How do you know that, Senator? Until it's complete, no investigation can be given an end date. Stop the politics and do it right. #Morons
How can U assign a timeline 4 completion on such a serious matter this will never B a cold case
some cases are solved for years @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTeam @DFWIndivisible @indtx36
Well, it's better than what they did to JFK, when he opposed them? Oh yeah, and the Russians were involved then too (wink, wink).
Cornyn, I am a Texan that wants you to be more conservative. Your record doesn't match your rhetoric. We are watching you! Next election!
Oh R's definitely want it done by September because that's the launch month of their reelection campaigns. Register, ID, organize, convert.
However, Bob Mueller has an open checkbook and will run his show for 12-36 months and spend $12-50 Million.
Dear @MDAndersonNews, Thank you & Dr. Yung for my sis (glioblastoma 2007). Sorry Cornyn is too vain to mention #NationalCancerSurvivorsDay.
For more months of Trump investigation by Senate committee. Ugh there should be a provision to suspend a president under investigation.
It's Trump's new golfing buddy
Such a dirty nasty man fake Christian warmonger leave through God under the bus for political party. no longer use term I'm a Christian
Hahahahahahahaha
I DONT BELIEVE ANYTHING JOHN CORNYN SAYS.  REPUBLICANS R EITHER IN DENIAL OR JUST PLAIN STUPID.
Oh Johnny,... why are you 'russian' such a good thing?
Oh, so John knows exactly where this investigation will lead? Or is he just in a hurry to make it go away? #Trumprussia
My thoughts exactly
It should end the investigation when all the evidence has been collected and thoroughly reviewed, not by some arbitrary date.
The same guys spent more than 2 years to investigate Hillary Clinton for Ben Ghazi and still wants to not let the email thing go...
Are you saying @realDonaldTrump will be impeached by then Senator?
That's a realistic timeline if the President + Republicans stop obstructing investigation; deal?
...and why's that, @JohnCornyn?
Tell you what, let's just impeach now so you can get on with better things. Mobile ice cream sales, perhaps?
When will the Impeachment be
Where are the investigations into Hillary and company?
Time to vote him out Texas!!!! Come on let's turn Texas Blue
As long as 45 signs his executive orders cutting taxs for the wealthy Corporations their donation money will help keep States red .
Unfortunately, the focus of the SIC is to ignore all @GOP connections to Putin and Russia. Guess we'll have to rely on the FBI.
We will find out Thursday if the Republicans really want to find the truth by the questions they ask. Will it be country first or party 1st?
Reminder: The Republicans were happy to spend > 2 and a half years and$7 Million, investigating Benghazi. /1
Trump/Russia is a much more complex/multi-faceted subject than Benghazi. Why the rush 2 end investigation b4 all the facts can be explored?
Impossible to say when a legitimate investigation will end bc the goal posts change as evidence emerges. This is not legitimate.
What a joke Cornyn is. Mr. Exxon Oil. Slick
What are the Senators that are actually investigating Trump/Russia thinking?   You know, the ones the do more than distract from the issues.
And fingers and toes crossed that this national nightmare will be over soon after.
@wfaachannel8 @realDonaldTrump @JohnCornyn he needs to  be investigated
Wish it were sooner. We deserve answers but understand that finding crooks takes time.
Thank goodness for Jeff Sessions perjury and 45's clumsy firing of Comey. Mueller will work until done and none of these clowns can stop him
How would he know? Has he got some insider info?
Good article here @johncornyn.
But when will they start?
OBAMASRELIGION ofPEACE has struck again! ISIS, Obama & Allah must be allsmiling somewhere
How would he know that?
I don't think he is the one that sets the deadline...
Cornyn is a party shill.
Sounds rushed
Russian hysteria by Dems  politicizing intell community by sitting Pres to retain POWER and usurp American vote is illegal! @SenateGOP @abc
It's not good if it's GOP's they are in the compri
John Cornyn can't be trusted.
Are you now the Chairman? Kind of rushed, isnt it, for such a complex issue? Pressure from Donnie, like on Comey & the NSA?
Only in the public sector is this kind of timing acceptable. We wouldn't have an economy if this was acceptable in the private sector.
Hahahahaha. one word. Benghazi.
Trump, Delay.........whoever you clean up for must be dirty.
I am counting on 45 resigning before then, but whatever.
Is it going to be a real investigation?
Did Maj Whip run this timeline past Sally Yates? Sally for Director, FBI.
Ask Maj Whip about townhall meeting schedule w/Texans in TX cities & towns. He meets w/press & individuals but ducks townhalls. Disgraceful.
- The right answer is however long it takes to complete it with transparency & integrity.
How about work overtime and make it the end of July.
Have time to discuss with constituents??
If I was Trump I'd withhold all cooperation with any investigations until until Obamacare and tax reform is completed to my satisfaction.
Oh, but then you'll have to think of another excuse for avoiding your constituents, Senator!
Thank goodness there is a special counsel, as that seems mildly arbitrary and soon...at least compared to GOP action on Benghazi.
@JohnCornyn is a shill for everything @realDonaldTrump and #complicit in the #trumprussia coverup. Plus he sucks as a Senator.
@JerryLOakley1 @realDonaldTrump @JohnCornyn Shouldn't they finish it when it's complete rather than a GOP timeline
After the time he questioned Sally Yates, none of us trust .@johncornyn. He's more interested in protecting Russia than  protecting America.
Is that Cornyn? So much for an intelligent committee.
Their lobbyist/ handlers want them to keep Trump for long enough to get the AHCA and tax reform passed.
Glad to see these clowns care about our country.  Just makes no sense that if there is nothing there it wouldn't take a normal course.  
By investigation he means cover up of Russia
It's going to be a long, hot summer.
Watergate took 900 days. How can he predict a completion date. This is bullshit WISHFUL thinking. 
Dream on!!!
GOP failing AMERICA...
So, Cornyn has predecided when the investigation will be over. Has he also predecided what the outcome will be?
Trying to give the impression he has control over the situation even though he has no control #russiagate
We don't trust you Senator. You've shown which side you are on, and it's not your country's.
1 word senator -Benghazi- #treason #complicit
Never a timetable on Hillary witchhunts. Those went on forever. #trumptrainwreck #FailedPresidency #PutinsPoodle
He's a BS eater. He is no Christian. Shame on him.
Hey @JohnCornyn they'll complete it when they're ready to. Glad you find Russian interference and collision "dragging on". Such a patriot.
@JohnCornyn is a stooge.The real agenda is passing the Koch brothers dreams.Trump will go down if it furthers their agenda. Who's in charge?
What coincidence! That's also when Cornyn should resign.
This is clearly wishful thinking on his part.
Hey Cornyn it baffles me on Russia hacking us you want a fast investigation. On HRC you didn't. Sounds like treason to me. Hiding anything?
=> CORNYN:  If we don't wrap things up by September, there is a very real danger the truth will come out . . .
#Benghazi, anyone?
Senate Intelligence Committee should complete its investigation of Russia and @realdonaldtrump by September, says Sen. @JohnCornyn. 
Thank goodness we have a Special Prosecutor who is thorough and is bringing on an A-team! If we have to rely on you, we'll all be dead!
gotta put this puppy to bed before 2018! 
A.K.A., "Just move along, nothing to see here."
Cornyn is one of the most slippery snakes in the swamp.
You wish. This is going to burn for a long time. Lots of substance to go through. And a lot more shoes to drop
The leaks will be a fire hose if Comey is not allowed to testify.
I wonder if Trump will lift sanctions while congress is on summer recess?
Wow, how long did Benghazi investigations go on??? GOP is party over everything.
I really wish Comey would come out this week with "why would I bring it back to a republican controlled congress who is actively obstructing
Can't have those pesky Russia Probes fucking up 2018 election cycle and fucking GOP over
...don't they take most of the summer off?
I'll wait until a senator with integrity speaks on the matter. Cornyn has proven he can't be trusted to safeguard America and it's people.
#GOP keeps playing #TrumpRussia as political battle vs criminal / natl security issue. Reality is about to hit them like a wall of hammers.
Something needs to hit them.
That's about the time Trump and his gang should be indicted! Is John Cornyn involved or complicit with Trump sounds like it?
Easy to set a finish date when you're not really investigating
Only thing  @JohnCornyn knows is how 2 trade stocks using his political influence. #selfservant
Cornyn couldn't investigate a lost sock in his own living room.

If the outcome depends on him, the odds of success are approximately 0.00%.
These GOPers are all complicit in the trump Russia scandal, they all received laundered russian thug money.
That seems very optimistic, unless he is expecting a whitewash.
No problem. Ninety days from now everything will be back to normal. All resolved. Piece of cake. No big deal.
40 days of which are summer recess.
Cornyn's not to be trusted or believed.
It's weird to put a time stamp on an ongoing investigation...
Cornyn needs to go.
Ha...what's he smoking?
Why not? Only takes a few months for Russian puppets to sweep treason under a Trumpian rug of right wing/fascist and anti-media subterfuge.
But you take all of August off! Obviously you have already made up your mind.  Take it slow and thorough.
That seems to be pretty quick doesn't it?
Define "should"
Wake me up when Richard Burr confirms. Cornyn is confused about alot of stuff
He must be up for re-election and praying it's over.............
So I assume he favors massively staffing up the committee to make that goal remotely possible to meet.
September of what year?
Once the Democrats take back the Senate there will be a real investigation, not a fig leaf one.
Tough to take the Senate next year but we will take the house and they will start a serious investigation.
What a disgrace. Was he calling for quick resolution of baseless investigations into HRC?
Just looking for a rug to sweep this dust storm under. #NoRugBigEnough to cover this mess.
You'd better pray for the return of the Dust Bowl days.
