No, you are breaking the status quo. This is not what the founding fathers intended. Shame on you all.
That 60 vote minimum was there for a purpose. You are a fraud and a disgrace.  I am ashamed of what this country has become #treason
You only got your way by changing  the goal post.
Instead of RTing articles about urself, how about you come home to TX for a townhall? You care more about MSM than us?
He is the most arrogant, worthless ever. Let's get him a new job when his seat comes up, shall we. He is so arrogant. Makes Cruz look decent
Nothing makes Cruz look decent.
HOW?
Are you sure you understand what "status quo" means
This in no way restores the status quo! This solidifies the distrust in you of many of your constituents, including myself!
Republicans will eventually regret this move.
If in your mind you truly have rationalized that, you have no business serving Texans or the American people. But we already knew that.
@MR_PRIME69 @JohnCornyn  I hope Cornyn is voted out or retires. TEXAS is not better off with crazy right wing in power.
Well I won't be voting for him. Texas needs younger, fresh minded people to work for us.
I don't know why I follow you on Twitter. Everything you post makes my blood boil.
Keep ur friends close and ur enemies closer.
God help us if we move the ball forward.
Republicans won't have control forever! Remember that!
Bull crap. It further destroys it, Johnny DeVos.
That 60 vote minimum was there for a purpose. You are a fraud and a disgrace.  I am ashamed of what this country has become #treason
Amen. We can restore it by ousting PO like Cornyn&Cruz. #TheResistance
You flipped the bird at the Dems and 200 yrs of tradition. We get to flip the bird at you and turn TX blue. #votehout2020
Thanks for holding firm. It was the right thing to do.
No it does not. It was a rule for over 100 years
Hasn't restored anything. It was bone headed when Reed did it&more so now. Further degrades our democracy.U win the 4 most bone headed.
Senate is useless. Redundant.
Your constituents will remember your failure to listen & your lack of respect for us & the rules. Polish that resumé. Cruz, then you.
Can't polish a . He needs to be fired. Let's do it. And Cruz too.
And when we have our next president in office, you won't be able to stop our appointees.  Can't wait...don't whine then
History has its eyes on you! Your party has been dismantling Democracy for years. We are watching and we vote.
Repubs senators suck. Big babies.
This will return to haunt Republicans, of course.  But you won't be in DC to worry about it.  #shortsighted #StolenSeat @IndivisibleTeam
He surely won't.
Buh bye..you've lost the vote of majority Texas
yep! Texas is changing!
No to Cornyn and Cruz!
Respectfully, Sir, this did nothing more than embolden partisan judges. 2ndly, it spurred an increase n demand 4 new political textbooks.
Hypocrite, sitting on your butt for over a year when we should have pick one already when Obama was in office.
No! Keep the filibuster! Vote NO on #gorsuch!
I never thought I'd actually be ashamed of our government, but now I am. Especially you and Cruz. #2020
77096 here. I guess it must be difficult to recall your own rhetoric a year ago.  Or maybe you're towing party line  #TownHall
What do republicans "conserve" any more? Disgraceful.
Comedian
You helped destroy American democracy today.  Senate Republicans are the worst hypocrites ever and value party over country.
Schoolyard  bully isn't a good look on you #LastTermCornyn.   
#Trumprussia 
#townhall
Signed,  your ignored voter
You are now a glorified Congressman thanks to McConnell.  Congrats!  Hopefully, term limits and the legislative filibuster are next.
Illigetimate POTUS, and now Illigetimate SCOTUS.
2020 is coming quickly
and the weight of the ever burgeoning oligarchy grows heavier on the backs of the working class.
As your Texas constitute you need to figure out your State expects more than the cheap way out.  You are a sell out #nonuclearoption
if you have to change rules to push through your agenda your agenda must suck #partyovercountry #gerrymandermuch
This is going to bite you guys in the ass in the future.
Shame on you and your crew. GOP will regret this and SOON.
Pure bullshit and you know it, party over country, complicit in treason and Texas will not forget or fail to remind you every day
Unfortunately the vast majority of Americans do not see it that way. You do a very poor job of communicating and have put your party first
Like there's any principle in it. We know it's your bullying, and we will hold you accountable.
Garland.
Lol I'm guessing you don't believe in the concept of checks & balances, yeah?? 
Enjoy your last term while it lasts!
Wait. What? Y'all just changed senate rules to get your way. That's like the opposite of status quo.
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
Merrick Garland
I wonder if the demo can find a nominee named Moonbeam, aged 30, in 2020?
You are an embarrassment.
Just keep telling yourself these lies. Maybe at some point you'll believe them, even if your constituents won't.
This is just shameful. The fact that McConnell's approval rating barely breaks into the teens shows most Americans agree with me.
Silencing dissent is un-American!  It was wrong when you did it to Warren, and it was wrong again today!
If your'e NOT a Trump Republican in the @GOP (like me), here is your chance to take a stand, send a message & vote no. US closely watching
- this is all double-talk &/or BS. And, FYI, American people voted for someone else. By a SUBSTANTIAL margin. #NoMandate
You're ramrodding a justice nominated by a president that you're investigating for cooperating with a foreign power to fix our election?????
DeVos confirmed despite OVERWHELMING opposition. Rules changed to confirm a judge who couldn't get enough support. You're not listening.
amazing how many people don’t know this!
OK - you won Gorsuch. Next point of business: Trump/Russia - Americans want answers. No distractions - voters are watching you.
You go sit in a corner and think about what you just did. #notOK #democracyNotFascism #hypocrite #resist
The extent of damage the GOP did to our democracy won't be fully understood for decades. Democracy didn't serve you today so you killed it
Garland!  Texans will vote you out.
Can not wait to vote you out of office.
You sir are an embarrassment.
U r the biggest disappointment.
#stolenseat
Please tell me, do you think people are that stupid?
I do not think that phrase means what you think it means.
You know Circ Ct not like SC. Rs wrecked Senate by not hearing @MerrickGarland. & #GorsuchNomination was wrong. Karma's coming Johnny #2020
This is a sad moment for Democrats and Republicans alike.
How can you be so pissed off about the filibuster but justify your childish behavior with Garland?  We see your actions John.
Ha!  You are complicit in breaking the Senate & putting Party before country.
Ugh you continue to disappoint me. What status quo are you even speaking of? Thanks for ruining more things #Resist
Such a lie!!  That is NOT the status quo. Not meant for Supreme Court nominees. 75126
1. It is so much bigger than being "against" NG 2. We are so far removed from the status quo 3. The "nuclear option" was so irresponsible.
Don't forget Santa Anna's despotism at the Alamo galvanized enough recruits to win the war at San Jacinto.
Hey, Santa Anna. Invoking the #NuclearOption may have got y'all the Alamo. But the war was won at San Jacinto (returning in 2018 & 2020).
Who wants to bet this guy is the first to butch when Dems take advantage of this rule next time they are in power?
All I hear from L is Garland. They forget what Dems did to previous great R nominees? Bork was a travesty of Democrats playing bad politics!
Bork participated in covering up Nixon's crimes by firing Archibald Cox.  They were right to block him from SCOTUS.
What is the point of having a rule in place if you can simply change it? Where are the checks and balances on this check and balance?
Can a republican please explain why this SCOTUS is worth changing the rules for?
U sold yRsoul today.  Come back to TX & have townhall 4us to understand this, otherwise we r getting ready to put yr face on milk cartons
John Cornyn is trolling everyone right now. There is no other explanation.
Fact check: false. 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/congress-parliament-founding-fathers_us_58e69774e4b05894715f1fac?swo& …
Don't confuse him with facts. #FlipTexas2020
Seriously? Restores status quo? Maybe you don't know what that means? You are changing a 200 year old rule of checks and balances.
nope. Rule was changed to 60 vote rule in 2003. That isn’t 200 years
Republicans stole the SCOTUS seat appointment and then made their pick so far right they politicized our highest court. Extremes got u Trump
Sen. Cornyn is going to be on the wrong side of history here, & he probably knows it. Just dirty tricks to steal a SCOTUS seat #Garland
He doesn't care as long as he gets the big bucks from donors.
There goes democracy.  We are now are an oligarchy / kleptocracy.
how incredibly short-sighted can you be? When 2020 rolls around & we have a Dem in the WH & Dems control the Senate, then what?
No, it lessons the Senate's check ability on the President, Not that this Senate would ever use it as they are too afraid of Trump.
Furthermore that's not the correct use of "Status Quo" John, lol.
I want you to go away, John Cornyn.  PLEASE depart this earth!
No it doesn't. Blocking Garland destroyed the status quo. Having a judge who can't get 60 votes destroys the status quo.
The GOP destroyed constitutional governing norms by blocking Garland. You don't get to pretend to have a moral platform on this
Btw you and all of your GOP colleagues opposed this in 2013. McCain still thinks it's dumb but changed his vote
You could not be more hypocritical on this. Don't tell us about norms
Worth mentioning Dems endured 4 years of GOP obstruction on dozens of nominees & legislation before changing the rules.
It took you ELEVEN WEEKS to change the rules over one guy. Seriously. Don't lecture us about restoring norms.
Keep lying to yourself if it makes you feel better.  We all know wha the history books will say...and which side your lot will fall own.
Obama was a legit Prez who put up M Garland a totally qualified candidate & you wouldn't give him an  vote. GD hypocrite. SHAME!!
Well done sir!  Haha crybaby dems
You're not standing up  for the right thing.  No vote until an outside independent Investigation is complete on Trump/Russia.
You and other repubs should be ashamed of yourselves. The pendulum will swing back.
What would you have done/said if Dems had done the same with Garland?  Shame on you and the GOP for the way you treated him and for today.
Hypocrite.
Town hall?
You're like the bully on the playground that is gloating after he just took lunch money from the poorest kid in school. #gonein2020
@SenateGOP trashed the constitution and defied the will of the American people to install this illegitimate SCOTUS.
The constitution says majority vote on SCOTUD
Constitution says pres nominates and senate is to advise and consent. They did neither.
On Merrick Garland. Stolen seat.
well that was the Biden Rule. As in Joe Biden
Ther is no Biden rule. That was something Biden said in a speech that was never adopted as a rule or even as a norm.
It's just BS McConnell made up to cover his unconstitutional obstruction.
 well get over it. lol
Again.  NO VOTE on SCOTUS while POTUS Administration/Campaign are under FBI investigation.   NO MATTER THE POLITICAL PARTY.
You are going to make it very easy for me to donate to any Republican running against you in the primaries.
Me too Jason.  No to Cornyn and Cruz.
And your proud of your VOTE???? #VOTEhimout
You changed 200 years of history for your party. #SAD #VOTEforTexans #russia
That is some twisted logic arriving at a patently false conclusion.
