Were you wrong when you didn't vote on Garland?
GARLAND, you hypocrite.
Were Reps wrong when they blocked Obama's nominee to SCOTUS?  YEP THEY WERE!!!  Now you want Dems to bend over.  NAAAAH!
Remember  your twelve month treatment  of Judge Garland.
Nope
Haha. Really? There won't be an up and down vote while this POTUS is under investigation. Oh wait, what happened with Pres. Obama's nominee?
Blocking Supreme Court votes is your forte correct?
Remember Merrick Garland hypocrite?
not as wrong as Republicans are about backing Trump and his shady administration
No senator. you are wrong to vote yes. That seat belongs to Garland!
democrats need a better reason not to vote for Gorsuch (did i spell that right?) other than Garland or he might win.
Really? Hypocrisy doesn't look good on you Senator.
No more wrong than GOP refusing to even acknowledge Obama's appointment. #potkettle
Like Reds did to Obama's
Why? You did not even give Garland the courtesy of a vote so why are they wrong but you were right?
No, John. There is no vacancy on the Court. Last year you advised and consented Nobody. You voted Nobody, and Nobody you shall have!
Democrats would be RIGHT NOT WRONG to block
Sir, if you have short term memory, you should consider resigning. Did you forget about Merrick Garland? #GOPIsAJoke #gopfail
Unlike making stupid excuses for not giving Merrick Garland is due at SCOTUS. You mean that kind of wrong? Maybe supporting a Traitor wrong?
Why don't you work with Ds to ensure what happened to Garland doesn't happen again
Garland
And you were wrong to block Merrick Garland. Your f'd up point?
I'll start taking you seriously Senator, when you start acknowledging how wrong Republicans were for blocking Merrick Garland!
Hypocrisy- your master Mitch McConnell set this precedent.
wrong politically or wrong morally? Also, you're disrespect for Garland as a fellow jurist embarrasses this constituent
Republicans are wrong to back Gorsuch. Doesn't give straight answers for anything. Dark money a big concern.
it is always partisanship when the other party does it, but patriotism when you do the same, and that applies to both parties
Republicans were extremely wrong to ignore Merrick Garland!
GOP would be wrong to go nuclear as Dems will take back power.  Remember you can't undo a bad decision.
Hey John!  Seems as though you only take the moral high ground when it supports your party politics. Garland!  Your constituents aren't dumb
Like Republicans with Merrick Garland? You're ridiculous
Where was the up or down vote for Merrick Garland...the Republicans are destroying this country with their hypocrisy and fake news..commisar
U were wrong to refuse a hearing on Obama's equally qualified pick. Let's wait to see if DT is found innocent.
Sir, can you prove with 100% certainty Gorsuch will not be a person of interest in the Russian investigation? If yes vote, otherwise wait.
Yes, and in doing so prove the vehemence of their hated of all of us who voted and are so happy to have Trump for our President.
I hope y'all go nuclear, John. Elections have consequences. Though I didn't vote Trump, I 100% support the #Gorsuch confirmation
Hey John!  Your constituency isn't comprised of just one "party". People are tired of you guys not doing your job in the name of party lines
Hey John!  Looks like you missed getting your April Fool's post up by one day...Democrats would be wrong...you're funny...
CHRISTINE: GOP were wrong to block hearings on Garland; Dems right to block up-or-down vote on nominee from a suspected traitor.
Hey John up-or-down vote. In-and-out burger. Whatever!  Would it be as wrong as Merrill Garland was treated?  Get off your high horse...
It's like you're intentionally writing hypocritical statements. If so, bravo Senator. Bravo.
You spelled Garland wrong...
#Garland?
Not an ounce of integrity in either house of Congress #pitiful
you don't have any moral authority to say who is wrong about anything
No, they'd be listening to their constituents
Just like the GOP was wrong to give Garland an opportunity? Confirm Garland. Be respectful.
Do I have a major problem with Gorsuch? No, but I have a strong dislike for GOP & McConnell's stonewalling of Garland, a very good choice.
Unless you've look at his rulings. Then it all makes sense.
@realDonaldTrump  is wrong to not release his taxes. He is wrong to tweet all the bs he does. U show u r no better by backing him
The GOP wouldn't even allow a hearing for Garland. That was dead wrong. Your party is selfish and lacks empathy.
Just like it was wrong for your party to not even hear Garland. #hypocrite
it would be wrong to vote on Gorusch while the Trump presidency is in limbo
True
Texans deserve better than your hypocrisy and partisan games. You are failing us as a representative. Time for a change. People over party.
So you're still supporting #TrumpTraitor. History and voters will remember this. #TrumpRussia  You are an embarrassment to Texans.
You really can't pretend to have the moral high ground here. Like it or not, you are supposed to represent ALL Texans, not just your party.
I think they would if either pubs apologize on Garland or pass legislation on no SCOTUS votes in even years. Second idea is just flat dumb
Republicans were wrong to block nomination of Merritt Garland, but you never considered there might be consequences for your actions.
I would like you to explain to all of your constituents why it was not wrong for the Republicans to refuse to even consider Merrick Garland.
@GOP If Gorsuch had an OUNCE OF INTEGRITY he would step back from confirmation until #trumprussia is investigated. 
#RESISTANCE 
Just as Republicans were utterly wrong (even worse than in this situation) to block Merrick Garland's nomination for nearly A YEAR!
EVERYONE ELSE: It would be wrong not to bring Garland to a vote due to partisanship.
true, they should block any vote at all@txlege
#MerrickGarland
So you admit GOP was wrong to block vote on Merrick Garland? Or are you a hypocrite?
Republicans are wrong for stealing Obama's SCOTUS pick. #republicanthieves
Ok staff members who keep posting this over and over - it's hurting him really so stop. None of us will ever forget Garland. Rs started it.
Maybe if u step up and apologize about Garland it might help
where were u when GOP ignored Garland?
We want them to. We want them to fight.
It is the right thing to do. His record is horrible and hes being appointed by a pretender @POTUS
60 vote threshold for Supreme Court.. from one of your constituents in Texas
Republicans were wrong for not giving Garland a hearing.  Own it.
This your way of EARNING confidence? Pushing for a vote on a nomination that shouldn't even happen? #fail
Constituents: it's wrong to push up-or-down vote on Gorsuch when the GOP refused a hearing on Garland.  We watched you obstruct @JohnCornyn
, the GOP scuttling of the Garland nomination _was_ without precedent. It _did_ destroy our nomination system
No appointment by a president under fbi investigation.  How hard is this to understand?
So you support a vote on Merrick Garland first, right?
And work on student loan reform while you're at. I don't know who you're working for man, but I KNOW it isn't the middle class
Republicans were wrong in refusing to even meet with Merrick Garland. Talk about unprecedented. @FaceTheNation
Just cause you're selling that bs doesnt mean we're buying it, quit the rhetoric and do your JOB: We want Univ. HC & Protect Public Schools
Proof of you hypocrisy has a name; Merrick Garland
#MerrickGarland
No they wouldnt!! Their base would be very pleased with them.
Says you.
With tweets like this, you are rapidly losing the trust and respect of Americans.
Like Repubs did on Garland?
Nah, Ds should filibuster because Merrick Garland. 

Remember that highly-qualified man?

Also, your guy is under FBI investigation. Sad!
Republicans would be wrong to employ nuclear option.
Please...  Republicans wouldn't even give Merrick Garland a hearing!  You cant have it both ways!  Hypocrite!!
CORNYN 2003: 'It's our obligation ... to give an up-or-down vote to any nominee who comes before the committee ...' #merrickgarland
REpublicans were wrong to deny Garland hearings, tit4tat ass hole
where was your piece on Republicans being wrong for denying Merrick Garland an up or down vote??!! Must've missed it.
@JohnCornyn being partisan when #Russians waging #war against #America, @POTUS amplifying #RT & #Putin efforts, & our democracy at risk? @VP
With nonsense like this, how do we trust what you say on Sen Intelligence Committee?  No vote until #TrumpRussia cleared up
Republicans were wrong to block Garland.
No scotus until independent investigation into Russian ties.  #TrumpRussiaCollusion 
No scotus pick before Garland hearings.
Are you saying that this anti-Trump Republican is wrong? It's not just Democrats, Sir. After Russia investigation is complete, then vote.
Republicans were wrong when y'all decided not to hold a hearing for Merrick Garland. #PettyAF
TRAMMELL: Republicans would be wrong for not even granting Merrick Garland a hearing. @JohnCornyn BAD FOR TEXAS
Cornyn....How much of Gorsuch's $10,000,000.00 contribution did he give you to vote for him?  Get packing... You're out next election.
No vote on Garland until Scalia autopsy performed. Let's find real cause of death for Scalia. It's a stolen seat indeed!
No. You blocked a vote for almost a year on a much more qualified SCOTUS nominee.
I wish I could think of a comparable Supreme Court nominee situation in which the GOP was wrong.
Why is this true with Gorsuch but not Garland?
Just like it was wrong for dc pols to block last nominee.  DC politicians are damaging our precious and fragile democracy. Citizens wake up!
No SCOTUS until the #Trumprussia investigation is completed.
Did the NRA pay you to say that? We all know they OWN you. Oh yeah, and Merrick Garland is the only nominee the Dems should app.
.@JohnCornyn Republicans were wrong to block hearings on Garland. You do not have the moral high ground here.
PENNY: GOP has selective memory & are bullying hypocrites
So they wrong to VOTE no on Gorsuch but Reps were 100% right in NOT holding a vote on Garland.  Stop w the hypocrisy.  U don't wear it well.
I wish you'd just stop repeatedly demonstrating your hypocrisy on the SCOTUS nom. Y'all could've done the right thing before
Not!!!
You seem to be stuck, like a needle on a gramophone, please see the appropriate doctor ASAP. #hypocrisy #resist
CHIP: CORNYN/REPUBLICANS are just flat out wrong. Vote in your best interests
ROB: Democrats would be awesome to block an up-or-down vote on Gorsuch.
But not as wrong as Republicans were to block a hearing on Garland. You sowed, now you reap.
Just like Republicans were wrong about Garland? Vote on Garland. Your continued  hypocrisy is nauseating. When is your next town hall?
Republicans were beyond wrong to not even hold hearings for Garland. Really don't understand how you can make these statements
Sounds like a threat. Rs would be wrong to vote yes while their POTUS is under an FBI investigation for #TrumpRussiaCollusion.
You were wrong for doing the same with Garland.  Hypocrite.
Uhhh...like you did on Garland?
GOP are reason America voted 2X for change. Today’s GOP are like toddlers who poop in the swimming pool, then whine they find it disgusting.
And Republicans were wrong to block Merrick!
:  why would it be wrong?
Trump should not get a SCOTUS pick in the last year of his presidency. Oh, and follow the money: Exxon/Rosneft.
Absolutely...Follow the money!
Do you realize how profoundly hypocritical you sound? You obstructed a legit nominee - REFUSED to give advice/consent.
No, they wouldn't. He is NOT qualified.
#2020 #Townhall when?
Cornyn supporting Putin's pick for Supreme Court.

Fixed it for you.
Vladimir Putin doesn't get to pick judges. Stop acting like business as usual. This is a Constitutional crisis. And M. Garland.
No John, they wouldn't be wrong!  SAD!
A senator would be wrong not to listen to his constituents.
Merrick Garland.  We will not forget.  293 days.  An abomination.
Yeah? Republicans were wrong to refuse a vote on Obama's nominee. #selectiveoutrage
Nope. You refused to even meet with Merrick Garland
Cornyn is in bed with Trump..Bed is pretty crowded these days
Your hypocrisy is astounding.  No wonder you won't have a town hall. You don't want to face the truth of your constituents & your downfall.
Republicans would be wrong to block an up-or-down vote on Garland. Oh, wait...
Darn it, you beat me to it. Now I have to think of something else...
Shhhhh you numbnuts started this with Garland. Take responsibility for your actions.
Get someone that wasn't nominated by a president who's under investigation for selling out to the Russians.
Hypocrite Sunday fell on April 2nd this year.
Are you not at all concerned that the one who nominated #gorsuch is under FBI investigation? Oh, & #merrickgarland .. Your hypocrisy wreaks!
Starting early today.  Is this all about your deep pocket contributors?  Are they making you run this partisan public relations campaign?
So, you must be admitting the Republicans were wrong when they refused to even hold hearings on Obama's pick. You hypocritical old man!
get used to it, Obama had to....
Not one Republican is in Congress or the Senate for the  American people...Just to line their pockets with $$$ and collude with Donnie Boy
.@JohnCornyn it's way too early for hypocrisy, John. And it's Sunday. Should you be spending Sunday gaslighting and manipulating people? No.
Sir, it would be really refreshing if next time you tweet, it’s about how you worked together with Democrats to achieve something.
hypocrite [hip-uh-krit] - a person who pretends to have virtues that he or she does not actually possess, especially a person whose actions
belie stated beliefs.
See; Cornyn's refusal to fulfill his constitutional duty when Merrick Garland was nominated.
But Merrick Garland. What you did was atrocious.
Yeah, we could give him a hearing  that would "bear some resemblance to a piñata," Remember when you said that about Garland? #titfortat
So true!
One question. Who paid the campaign to not elected the Obama nomination and to elect Trump nomine? $17M is a lot of money.
How much was paid to the EC members to vote for Trump? We know some were threatened and cooerced.  It's all about $$ not the people
Country over party Senator - you should have supported a hearing on Garland
MATT: Republicans have seemingly no sense of hypocrisy or shame.
No morals, ethics, conscience. They only have wallets full of ideology.
I bet $ they dont. Prob have 39 votes against cloture. That way they can try have credibility w filibuster on poss next apptmnt.
Mark: Cornyn seems to forget last year.
Your name has to be in all caps otherwise it doesn't count.
