results ? not photo opps ! @txlege @houstonchron @dallasnews @TXDemWomen @All100Senators
When it comes to debris removal, Senator John Cornyn is definitely swamp scrap to be removed so we can rebuild a government of the People.
hope he rubs off on you, life is 100 times easier when you're honest
You are a typical establishment politician. Criticize the federal government about spending but always have your hand out #purgecornyn
For the millions of dollars that have been raised I am hoping we can actually see it in use helping regular people with housing replacement.
Is Anybody Home at Ben Carson’s HUD?
Was Carson actually at there, was he awake? The "doctor" should go back to surgery. He knows nothing about HUD and is unfit for the position
It's Dr. Carson... now @SecretaryCarson to you, grew up in the projects, a great doc & leader, he's excellent choice for running HUD.
Meaning no disrespect. I'm no fan of Trump. Secretary Carson was my first & last choice as a Presidential candidate. Him or Dr. Condi Rice.
Republicans Cutting BILLIONS From HUD: http://youtu.be/oMbySaRNq3k?a   via @YouTube
Thank you for your service gentlemen
Maybe stop yapping and start removing debris already.
You voted against support when New Jersey needed it and now have your hand out for fed money. Worst politician #cowardcornyn #hypocrite

Speaking of debris that needs removal, here is a photo of John Cornyn. https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/908338275768827904 …

Thought u hated big government? Texas should pay for this and not use fed money. No fed funds till Texas uses it $10billion rainy day funds!
Realtors ask Trump to reinstate FHA mortgage insurance premium cut | 2017-02-06 | HousingWire
It's not a good idea to funnel money through HUD based on their record of loosing money. Check it out; https://solari.com/blog/dod-and-hud-missing-money-supporting-documentation/ …
Please advocate against Graham-Cassidy, the cruelest bill. Will remove medicaid from millions like my precious disabled niece. Please help!
Trump party planner promoted at HUD after Carson's troubled tour
Trump budget calls for cuts to housing aid except for subsidy that benefits Trump holding | TheHill
Trump’s housing budget is a mass eviction notice for the poor – ThinkProgress
Journalists and experts slam Trump's budget plan to eliminate HUD program that mostly benefits "low-income groups" http://mm4a.org/2tbuxig 
$6,822,500,000: Trump FY18 HUD Budget Cut to Impact 1,319,000 Families. - Affordable Housing Online
Thank you! We got 20+in and were lucky not to flood. There are SO MANY still suffering and misplaced.
Two moronic peas in a pod
Now, let's screw Texas, like the Texas @GOP wanted to screw NJ after their hurricane!
Reduce taxes; let people pay for things by themselves
And did he just say "good luck" and go back to what's left of the HUD offices?
Thank you!! 
So is he as much of a savant as he seems? Brilliant surgeon but yet dumb as a bag of hammers?  Cmon now and be honest with this constituent
This is about all we'll hear about what was discussed. Thanks Jack.
Good discussion w/ @SecretaryCarson about @HUDgov's role in #Harvey recovery efforts like housing, debris removal, and other services 
@JohnCornyn When are you having town halls in Tx? You are accountable to us ya know?
Ben, you really can't tell us you didn't blaze a spliff right before.
Great Job Prayers
Like I really believe that either of you really care about the plight of the average American. Useless abomination of a public servant.
You talk about @SenTedCruz favorite porn videos?
I bet you will use this picture in the future to say you are not racist because you have black friends
Photo op
"Hey hurricane survivors, check us out! You may be starving & homeless, but we're talking about you over this incredible breakfast."
"Maybe pictures and a vivid description will nourish you."
Impeach or resign
Well it is not brain surgery, it has been done many times
But are you going to build pyramids to store grain like the Egyptians did?
Good luck with that. Knowing nothing about the job you've been assigned, it turns out, is not an asset.
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL
What does atomic physics, gun powder and walls have in common? I'll give you a hint, gun powder was first used in celebrations.
Cooning 101 Photo op doctor in chief while ppl go generations without owning a house but making plans for Trump fam to make millions in HUD
How about getting Ben some help?  Senate dragging their feet on appointees!

Did he imply the hurricane victims will just end up with nothing again?
Do you guys ever do any actual work?
we should be rebuilding our communities, not boondoggle walls
Just a reminder tht undocumented folks in Texas & Florida don't qualify for assistance from FEMA, leaving many of them economically stranded
I hope to continue  believing the Trump admin is running circles around the previous several when it comes to natural disaster response.
Does Carson do anything besides photo ops?
Just compared paychecks. Smh.
Let's crowdfund an investigation into @JohnCornyn!

Cruz claimed that two-thirds of the Hurricane Sandy bill ‘had nothing to do with Sandy’
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2017/08/29/ted-cruzs-claim-that-two-thirds-of-the-hurricane-sandy-bill-had-nothing-to-do-with-sandy/ …
There's a bit more to it
where is this "bit more" ? and does it consist of 2/3rds of the bill?
There is maybe .01% chance he knows how to do any of that.
I just threw up in my mouth.
Could someone get to the US Virgin Islands, NOW!
Ben doesn't even know what the letters HUD stand for.
Y'all building giant grain storage silo's or what?
Does he know what HUD does yet
