LOL crrnyn is a Trump puppet who supports his Russain agenda
Investigate him!
He's a TRAITOR...
...But then so is the entire #TheNewFascistRepublican Party!!!
oh now you care you should have cared before the election.  Putin is moving into the White House yay republicans
.@JohnCornyn, you should have supported @HillaryClinton, she has a solid track record of being tough on Russia.  #PutinsPuppet
you need to do more or you will be voted out of office. You are supposed to be working for us!
#standindivisible #theresistence 

Progressives in Texas Congressional District 12, please join us on Facebook:

…
@Indivisible_TX @JohnCornyn kick him out anyway
Can you also support investigating Trump's ties to Russia?  You constituents want to know.
Also, John, I'm not a paid protester or AstroTurf. I'm your constituent and am mad as hell about your inaction!
give The Man some time. Good Lord, He's been in office less than a month.Wish Repubs had pushed Obama
it doesn't really count unless he tweets about you.
- don't just sign a letter. Symbolic gesture not enough. Investigate 45's ties to Putin, Flynn, DNC hack, election
Nobody is buying your fake "hard line," Cornyn. #2020
okay, why didn't you vote no on DeVoss for our children?????
or at least to add them to Putin's payroll, right?
#CornynFailedTexas
Hooray! But you have to wonder why Putin wanted Trump elected.
Sounds like a good idea.  Have you started investigating Russian election interference?
48 democrats think so, so 9 repubs seem a little light---your party is now Putin's party--hard to believe but true
Finally!  One - ONE - tweet from you that I, as a constituent, at least agrees with.  Watch your senate seat, Mister.
Texas Senator with some GOOD foreign policy ideas?
funny funny funny!!! U supported the Russian puppet & now u pretend t care about the USA's security.  Wow. Just...WOW
won't happen, yr all little men w/ small minds.  You are the littlest of the old white men.
President Bannon won't allow Trump to be tough on Russia.
???million Texans want this same policy attached to DeVos.
Could you also urge @POTUS to stop lying about voter fraud? It's garbage talk un befitting the office.
Let's start by investigating Flynn, Manafort, Bannon, WikiLeaks, hacking of DNC & attempt at RNC & finally Trump.
you nailed it! but @JohnCornyn @ReutersUK so much corruption you ran out of room. add rick gates, carter page, roger stone.
Think that was taken care of before the election. Ha, ha, ha!
tell that to comrade Trump! #DoYourJob
.@JohnCornyn @ReutersUK investigate his ties to Russia and the connection to #russianhacking  #rosneft
John, don't you think we need an independent commission to look into Russia ties? You are tone deaf to today's news!
Please google DworkinReports.Americans know Trump & Putin have numerous business dealings. USA democracy under attack
finally @JohnCornyn says something that doesn't make me want to puke #notenoughtoearnmyvote
congrats on growing a backbone
those who don't know history are doomed to repeat it
you didn't stand up to Trump during confirmation hearings and you have no leverage. Trump knows it too.  He won't listen to you.
Let this please include messing with our political process.Trump is not going to listen to you unless you have balls.
We want to know what ties Trump has to Russia, and just how much they meddled in the election.
Yes, let's start with investigation.Can't ask him to something that's not in his interest to do & expect him to do it
people have trouble getting tough on their bosses though
Now I understand the future GOP impeachment strategy. Nice.
Happy day Senator Cornyn! We agree on something!
Siphoning taxpayer money to his personal interests.  Unbelievable that Republicans are letting this happen.
ALLOWING this President to fleece America.
Trump has questionable ties to Russia.  Please investigate Trump/Russian ties.  I am a constituent
Russia is only ONE of his many many conflicts of interests. He practically has his hand in the US Treasury kitty.
This President has too many conflicts of interests.This Republican congress will not address that very serious issue.
it doesn't go far enough. You need to demand that he reveal his business dealings with Russia. #gopputinsympathizers
collects pensions from the Judicial Retirement of TX, the Employees Retirement of TX and the TX County & District Retirement
Nice start but why no statement regarding Flynn?
and none of you will do anything.
@tedcruz  What will you do about discovering truth re:National Security Advisor Michael Flynn's alleged involvement w/ Russians?
that's a start. But what are you going to do if he doesn't? And are you investigating the election? And Flynn?
Are you actively supporting the investigations into the possible ties between Trump and Putin?
Thank God you've done something reasonable. Please keep it up.
start with investigating the interference with our elections and the other shady sh!t @realDonaldTrump's been up to, please
only 9?  Out of 52?  So 83% of our R. Reps are cool with being morallly equivalent.   Where are you?
just finiahed reading; glad you are one.  Please work hard to convince others.
thanks! is there a link to the letter?
Hah!  So-called Prez best bud is Putin. Need to learn to speak Russian I guess.
it is sad they have to though,isn't?!@realDonaldTrump keeps defending Putin.Odd his US first policy stops @ Russia
this is a good start, Senator! Now urge tough investigations into collusion by Trump & his administration
did you run this past Flynn? He seems to have a penchant 4 or link 2 all things Moscow. U may know F works in 45 WH.
wow I'm surprised you are actually doing something for the people you work for
Good!
@hsanchez128 @ReutersUK Hmm, the number "9" also reminds me of another news story I recently read.
thank you for this. We need more of you standing up for America and our families.
@Zac_Petkanas Americans demand an independent investigation into Russia-Trump collusion now! Country before party!
@Zac_Petkanas @ReutersUK did ya happen to read that WaPo article on NSA Flynn?
Hope Senator realizes neocon mistakes (& Netanyahu) created #ISIS and now #ShiaSuperState Putin merely followed
This is your Republican president.  You knew of his ties to Russia when you voted for him.  You own this.
Will that include investigating @realDonaldTrump ties w Russia?
As you should. AND investigate Russia's involvement in the 2016 election.
you don't get a gold star for 1 letter. Still toeing the party line and drinking the @realDonaldTrump kool aid
kinda late since they discussed sanctions relief before inauguration. left out of that? or just willfully ignorant?
maybe you want to retweet the WaPo article about Flynn today. Or just gonna keep with the soft pressure?
And what about a tough China policy, Senator Cornyn? China is a much larger threat than Russia.
Maybe start by investigating their key enabler, President Trump?
