Trumpcare Could Make Rape a Pre-Existing Condition Again. WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?!??!???
What is wrong with these people!?!?
Will do. Postpartum depression and domestic violence is also a pre-existing condition  feels like they hate women
Thankfully, Trump's got you to help keep the Russians in power in the US.  #Trussiagate #EndTheFuckery
You shame our democracy with your misogynistic, partisan attacks - hopefully, your constituents will vote you out in 2020. #ShameOnYou
Maybe he should be investigated. Wonder what he is hiding?
I have hundreds of friends in his district. They'll vote him out after this.
What? Are you akin Kardashian? Stop with the pics and get to work!
Senator, you just lied! Secretary Clinton blamed herself first & then others. You are another old man who continues slander & demean women.
Agree, Carolyn. We will vote his a** right out of the senate.
George Will:
Cornyn talks about HRC not taking responsibility but never mentions that Trump has never taken responsibility for one single action ever.
And you comment about HC.  Out of touch with Texans
Feinstein impressed with Comey's stamina... let's keep an eye on those two crazy kids! #Comey #Feinstein #SenateJudiciary #SittinInATree
You lied while questioning him. You are complicit of conspiracy to cover up treason and protect traitors. Obstruction of justice. #Disgrace
This constituent from Texas hopes you put country before party.
Doubtful
Sadly, the GOP has chosen power over patriotism.  The party of Ronald Reagan is now the puppet of the Kremlin.
I think the focus of this photo also shows your focus during the meeting: on John Cronyn, not the investigation. #priorities
Majority voted against this so called by himself CEO I alone can fix it rigged mind of adult child
Melania looks like a hostage or suffering from Stockholm Syndrome.
Not only did you embarrass Texans today, you proved you've transformed from a "Russia hawk" to a Russophile.
An extremely appalling & disturbing commentary. You were, by far the worst, even after Cruz...which speaks volumes as to your "performance"
CLINTON wasn't the 1 who decided to notify world about investigation into Hillary but was crickets when it came to Trump's investigation....
I agree. He should have released information about both investigations, Trump and Hillary
Sure should have. It's common sense!
did you even stick around for the entire session?
Good to see you are tweeting pictures for self aggrandizement rather than protecting our democracy. Texas is ashamed of you...
You begin with lie second you opened your mouth! Hillary did too take responsibility for her loss & America trusts 0 repugs incl. #COMEY
If emails are important...being in bed with Putin is BIGLY important. Do your job!! Country over party. We're watching...
This is great! Johnnie boy has really shown Texans who he really is!  Vote him out!
I find it suspect that you don't think Dolt 45 and company are NOT involved with Russia. Do your job...Country over a Party!!
Hillary did accept responsibility. Watch the full interview bf you make accusations. You just lied in public court.
Oh golly. I'm so flattered that @SenFranken expresses the same sentiments that I said. A shame yn dipped out. #Franken2020
comey needs to be fired.
During a hearing related to a serious investigation, w. severe ramifications... u decided to goof off and snap pics of your name? Twisted.
Ask FBI director if the US ever tries to interfere or seek to help pick the winner in other countries elections, PLEASE!!!
Love seeing so many people realize what a lying, self serving person you are. 2020 can't come fast enough! #wearewatching #resist
Watching the various aging senators and indeed even Trumps own behavior, I can't help but think we really need age limits in government.
Agree.
America still demands an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia!
Comradeyour unprofessional approach to the biggest threat ever to America duly noted.We pay you,we will fire you @txlege @TURNTXBLUE2018 
be sure and spend copious amounts of time regaling about his favorite fishing spots
Treasonous!
Oh look another GOP traitor. If you aren't investigating Collusion then you are part of the problem.
Did you mention that we need to get to the bottom of the Trump campaign's/administration's ties to Russia? Oh no, you didn't.
No ty majority votes Against CEO apprentice 
Shouldn't you be listening to Comey's testimony, instead of tweeting picture of him? #DoYourJob
Your opening statement/sentence contained a lie. Yesterday @HillaryClinton  DID say she was ultimately responsible for her campaign.
There are none do deaf as those who won't listen.
So
That is a waste of time, you senators suck and are corrupt
Go John!

Why's it look like you had to sneak this... oh yeah u r supposed to be listening and not on ur phone! Do your job! #impeach TRUMP
I love this picture. It shows that no matter what, it's all about you.
FIRE HIM!
Good job, as always Senator!
If you "have other questions" for Comey you didn't have time for, why did you waste your time making a political speech at the beginning?
- Taking personal responsibility (which she did) not mutually exclusive of other factors (Russia & Comey). Sad u don't know this
You are a dishonest man, cornyn.
Hope the truth will come out and all caught in the Russian web are forced out of office
You are an embarrassment to the people of Texas and will see our reaction first hand at the next election!
Don't pretend Comey didn't tilt election b/c you like way it tilted. If no politicking, why not mention Trump case?
One of the most dire days in recent history and you are taking selfies?
Are you sir, on wacky weed?Cause the 1st thing that woman did was take FULL responsibility. But? Surveillance in Trump tower lie is ok?
You LIE! Now we will have to say GOODBYE! LIARS do not get re-elected buddy!!
Do your job!
Will we finally get some truth about all of the "shenanigans" ur prez participated in?
#RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #work4TEXANS #76177
Thank you for your presence & presentation regarding Dir. Comey.
THEN FLYNN ENCOURAGES THE CROWD TO CHANT "LOCK HER UP." WHEN YOUR REPUBLICAN GENERAL WAS RECEIVING MONEY AS A FOREIGN AGENT OF TURKEY/RUSSIA
And you used your time to criticize Clinton for using a private server, rather than asking ANY relevant questions #2020
Sad u think HRC emails more important than DJT under investigation 4 colluding with Russia-catastrophic if true-comey showed true colors
WHAT WORDS, EXACTLY, DID YOU WANT HILLARY TO SAY?  REMEMBER FLYNN SAYING "IF I DID ONE TENTH OF WHAT SHES DONE, I WOULD BE IN JAIL!"
HILLARY DID SAY YESTERDAY SHE TAKES RESPONSIBILITY FOR HER LOSS, HER CAMPAIGN MADE MISTA KES, AND SHE WOULD HANDLE CAMPAIGN DIFFERENTLY.
BEYOND ALL THAT, WE NEED TRUMP TAX RETURNS AND INFO ON SHELL CORPS OWNERS WHO MADE DONATIONS TO DETERMINE THE DEPTH OF TRUMP/RUSSIA TIES
@SteelmanKeith Also, elbow Graham in the ribs and tell him to stop testifying.  We're watching to hear Comey talk-Not Senators.
Your performance was SHAMEFUL today. You are everything that's wrong with congress. #DOUSAFAVOR&RETIRE
You are focused on yourself rather than the information that Comey will share...how appropriate.
It's always party before country for you! Pendejo. Stop taking pics of your name plaque.  Pay attention, this is important!

ADD TO THAT THE FACT THAT TRUMP CAMPAIGN WAS COLLUDING W/ RUSSIA & TRUMP REQUESTED AT RALLIES THAT PUTIN HACK DNC & WHAT DO YOU HAVE?
The problem is that since Trump became President the country has be run as a "Realty Show" The GOP grand-stands for 1st place BUT we lose 
Hillary took blame also  Mr Cornyn listen to her! 
ANY VOTER WHO WAS ON THE FENCE ABT WHO TO VOTE FOR WAS EFFECTED BY COMEY'S COMMENTS DAYS BEFORE ELECTION-THAT CERTAINLY HELPED TRUMP WIN.
Nice partisan rhetoric. As it occurred to you that a foreign entity influenced our democratic process. Not acting makes you complicit.
You are a sell-out. I am so disappointed in your childish, partisan statement. Be a Senator! Not a Trumpkin. I will not vote4u
YOUR COMMENT THAT HILLARY POINTS EVERYWHERE BUT TOWARD HERSELF FOR HER ELECTION LOSS IS AN OUTRIGHT LIE.
LIED at the opening of @senjudiciary #ComeyHearing claiming @HillaryClinton did not take ANY responsibility for her loss. BSshe did! #Facts
Thanx 4 using critical committee time to re-trash irrelevant Hillary rather than further national interest of investigating #TrumpRussia
You are an embarrassment to Texans.
Your opening statement included blatant lies. You really are an embarrassment to Texas.
Maybe John you should listen to James Brown's song "This is a Man's World"  But not for long. We women are tired of ur kind.
You outright LIED just like the rest of  #GOP.  No idea at all that your lies are proven and will be called out? Party before USA. SHAME!
Obviously you made your false statements about Hillary without watching the interview.She did blame Comey & Wiki Leaks AND herself FACTCHECK
Why are you not outraged at trumps nepotism his business dealings. etc That's because he's a man & of ur party
Do the right thing, John--stand up for America and get to the bottom of this.
You, sir, are an embarrassment .
I question your character. What a waste
Why are you not investigating trump's unsecured cell mail private server and his mtgs at an unsecured location with private people listening
Excellent question!
You make God sad....
brilliant!
It's not only the press, it's Comey as well...and yet Cornyn can't get off the HRC emails..also, HRC DID accept responsibility
I bet you'd love a society and culture like "The Handmaidens Tale"  Retire we don't need you nor want you. Ur time is over.
Ur another old white saggy assed uneducated (don't mean degrees) privileged man. Anything to keep the little woman in the kitchen & preggers
Just watched your nauseating grandstanding against Clinton--you clearly didn't listen to her. #Republicanmisogyny
Clinton DID blame herself for losing the election. Seems U are of the same cloth as your lying bast*rd TRUMP who BLAMES EVERYONE BUT HIMSELF
#trumprussia #pencerussia #gopcoverup
The explanation Come gave re broadcasting Hillary's investigation but being on hush mode re Trump's was BS. You know that 2 unless senile.
Your photo is very juvenile. Serious business is at hand Senator Cornpone.
U didn't watch Hillary's interview did u? She accepted responsibility personally and also said her campaign was not what it should have been
You're a joke along with our illegitimate president. #ButHerEmails
oinkoinkoinkoinkoink
A little advertising? Be sure that you will be voted out because of your partisan views. You're supporting treason. #resist
Everything you just said to Comey is false. Clinton listed several things, including herself, for her loss. You prove that you are a LIAR.
Agree. Party before country and spewing plenty of that GOP vitriol and hate. Cornyn is sickening. DO YOUR JOB GET THE RUSSIANS PUT OF GOV!
You are an embarrassment to your state. You could hear the misogyny flowing out of your mouth when you speak. #Ignorant
You lie! @HillaryClinton said  "I take absolute personal responsibility. I was the candidate." Also Comey, misogyny, wikileaks!
#factsmatter
What do you have to say about the current administration using unsecure servers right now, today to do business?
Really to bad you weren't aborted...
good lordy, your soliloquy just disgraced the Senate...of course, not for the first time...keep defending this #REDPresident #youWILLgodown
Absolutely shameful
You are a liar & don't seem to care about the truth that all Americans have a right to
Senator, please stop the partisan crap! the election is over-get over it -you just embarrass yourself. You have a job to do-time to go?
You just lied in the hearing. HRC did not blame everyone "but herself". Why do you think it's OK to lie?
They have gotten away with it for so long that is all they know. God forbid they put America and TRUTH before political donors - TRAITORS
Gossip much ?
Why would you bring up Hillary's comments yesterday ? 
Is it because you're a shill for Trump & #gop to muddy #Trumprussia ?
I meant #PatrickFitzgerald!!
No matter how many times you blame Clinton, it doesn't change the fact Russia and Putin had a huge hand in the 2016 election outcome. Putz.
What issue do you have with Comey not mentioning America being cyber attacked by a known enemy?
YOU ARE PETTY. YOUR HATE FOR CLINTON IS OBVIOUS.
THERE WERE 2 INVESTIGATIONS GOING ON. ONE WAS REVEALED THE OTHER WASNT
Glad u r tweeting. U just lied. Good thing u aren't under oath. What a disgrace. "I take full responsibility..."
pos.....Trump kiss ass.
U repeatedly show UR bias & UR partisanship. U should be ashamed of yourself. Trump is an abomination where is your honesty? Party of tricks
U've condemnd Hillary. Can we get to #RussiaGate? R u just as appalld by that? Most ppl will deem this more catastrophic than email server!
@JohnCornyn is just another useless, morally bankrupt politician putting PARTY and SELF INTEREST before State and Country.
What a horrible human being! This asshat has done nothing for Texas
Are you disrupting that proceeding by playing with your phone?
Where's your outrage about Russia and Trump's multiple levels of communication??? Start doing your job!!
Amen!!
Cornyn: Facts Matter. Your diatribe during Comey's hearing was false, starting with your skewed stmnt regarding Hillary's speech yesterday.
Could you be any smaller a person? You won the election, defend the worst president ever, Trump and still act like a crybaby.
Where is your outrage at Trump still using his own insecure phone? The lack of info on phone calls and visits!?
He doesn't care about anything #Republicans do because he is too busy thinking of all #dems as the enemy. This is typical @GOP hypocrisy.
You tell it sister. Loving your truth and patriotism. Proud of you and grateful for your words.
You're full of crap & a liar for saying Clinton blamed everyone but herself. She said she blamed herself & the other people who played role.
FYI, Clinton did take responsibility for the loss of the presidency. Get your facts straight & stop resorting to attacks based on party.
Agree 1000%
She DID partially blame herself, Not just Comey! Funny how Trump was not publicly announced, HE was under investigation!
@JohnCoenyn..why do u continue to twist info surrounding around the election? You know dam well Clinton took responsible for election ...
john lies about HILLARY and her admissions yesterday.  WHY would John lie?
Thinking the exact same thing. Time for me to check out his campaign donors.
What happened to H. Clinton was a crime against history. Listening to you today, I'm sad to note that you are on the wrong side of it.
You're a phoney. Your BS diatribe before asking your questions is so partisan and disgusting.
move on with  the Russian investigation -do you just want to spend your career talking about Hillary? For gods sake - get real!
Yes!!
You just stated a lie She blamed many reasons including herself. You are stating lie after lie.She had NOTHING to do with childporn-did you?
The partisan hack from TX shows his partisan hack chops once again, as part of GOP coverup of election malfeasance and campaign collusion. 
Well said!!
Hey #austintexas why is this guy representing you? His comments on the #ComeyHearing show he puts party over country.
Because Austin is full of idiots, that's why.
Sec. Clinton  DID take some of the "blame" for the election yesterday..  Your comments to Comey were incorrect.  You need to get it right.
Well said thank you listening now Sir
Could you have possibly made your attempted biasing of Comey any more blatant? TRY ASKING REAL QUESTIONS.
And so many untruths he told.
Stop bad-mouthing Hillary Clinton. Ask pertinent questions. Republican piece of crap

Another liar.  Sen. Cornyn just makes up things.  HE'S SOO STUPID and should not be in office.
saw ya lying, John. You're a lying liar who lies.
Senator, your sucking up to Comey is an obvious attempt to protect an illegitimate President. When will you think of country first? @NPR
Why not have the same outrage at the disgraceful Trump Admin, Russian connections, sexual misconduct, and ignorance as you do toward HRC.
You are proof that we need an #INDEPENDENTINVESTIGATION
you're an embarrassment to our great state of Texas.
I do not know him, yet watching this ass on CNN made me search how on earth did he get elected... he made his own agenda speech.

You are the worst.
Why is nameplate facing YOU? Have you forgotten your own name? Or are you ashamed hearing attendees will figure out who you are?
He wants EVERYONE TO KNOW WHO HE IS. He likes being WHIP @GOP drop the "Hillary, obama fault". U have all 3 do GOOD not EVIL God help us
This Texan desperately wants this hearing to be non-partisan. Whether it's on Clinton, Trump, or both, we deserve ALL of the truth. Work.
I can see we won't get it
Clear from his very first sentence. Omission of material facts from the get go
dude quit tweeting and pay attention
Pic is from an aid lol that runs/uses his account as well lol
So glad you have time to tweet pictures when you should be taking notes and doing your job. What are we paying for??
@JohnCornyn Comey needs 2 be fired. #FireComey he is a dirty Cop. Do not reauthorize Section 702. It is used against our political system.
Too controversial. Needs to go. Steve in TX36
Does Senate allow phone photos during testimony?
D-bag pic bro.
Hey how about you stop tweeting and go read the Constitution to your president about laws based on Religion! Big no no!
(1) There is actually no LAW about that seperation. Jefferson spoke of a 'wall" lol shit u not. and different amendment/clause in reference.
How congressional of you to take pics.  Please quit your day job.
Cornyn is a swamp thing. Totally useless.
Listen #TrumpRussia #TrumpCrimeFamily #TrumpLiesMatter
Why do I get the feeling that even with the testimony you are about to hear, you will continue to earn the name "Feckless John"?
I just thought the same thing. What an opening stmt! He has no interest and no open mind in #TrumpRussia
Y'all do something today. We voted y'all in, DO SOMETHING or you will not be in next round of elections thank God
Is today about truth or therapy? Or both. #FBI #Comey
Will be interesting to see the questions the Rs ask to try and steer away from @realDonaldTrump collusion with Russians.
Which time? Just kidding.
#trumprussia
Stop taking photos and do your job please.  You're not a teenage girl on Instagram.  You're a U.S Senator!
Special Prosecutor Now, Maj Whip.  Represent Texas.
