1)Why wouldn't Americans want everyone to be healthy and productive, and save business on
from paying for expensive insurance for employees?
2)So instead of tax cut for the corporations where it will just be icing on their humongous cakes, why not save them from paying insurance?
3)And you get a healthy productive workforce who can afford to buy the products the corporations are trying to sell?  It's economics 101.
4)All that stands in the way are you and your insurance company lobbyists.  And Fox News trying to scare people by calling it socialism.
5)It's the remnants of the cold-war era rhetoric.  Keep up with the program, senator.
6) Country before party, senator.  Do the honorable thing and leave a good name on the history textbooks.
Anyone with half a brain cell and not owned by big business supports a single payer. It would be cheaper and much more efficient!
We could talk about all the advantages/disadvantages of single payer during a #TownHall, but you're scared of talking to constituents
HE CAN'T BE A PRESIDENT IN HIS PRISON CELL.  YOU OWN TRUMP'S POLICIES, YOU ARE COMPLICENT IN HIS CRIMES.
Once again fear mongering. He won't last this term and we would all have insurance. Win-Win
As a Texan I support Single-Payer...not that @JohnCornyn or @tedcruz would even listen.
Me, too!
Why on earth would you not want single payer? The ONLY reason is because it would financially harm the filth that lines your pockets.
We need a miracle
The biggest threat of dems getting single payer is Rep inaction
When are you going to burn your MAGA hat?  That is the only way you will have a chance in hell of getting relected.
Repeat after me Sanders is a socialist not a Democrat. DNC failed by letting him pretend to be one in 2016 and now.
As sorry as the Republicans are, I seriously doubt it. At any rate, though, you won't be there. You'll be voted out by then.
54% of #Americans voted against #Trump in 2016, & now he has ticked off his base with his #DACADeal! Trump may only be a one-term president!
One can hope.
Troll much?
The only thing that will keep @realDonaldTrump from a 2nd term is obstruction POS RINOs like you and McConnell. FUND THE WALL RINO!
Hey @Jan2017Trump trump is gonna be gone by 2019 #BlueWaveIsComing with an impeachment no one wants a damn wall ps Mexico isn’t gonna be paying for it
The last thing we need is more of that fool
Let's hope not!
Will lead to ALL AMERICANS being under their complete control like rats, killing off whoever they want!  Research!!!!
NO!   You are falling right into AGENDA 21/30!  This Obamacare Single-payer ensures all citizens will be micro-chipped.  Are y'all nuts?
With due respect, Senator; please get on the right side of history...you will someday have descendants  who will want to be proud of you.
A little late for that! History will not be kind to R's and their complacency. They gave rise to this kind of leadership. #HoldTownHall
True
Not when the majority of voters support it! Are you trying to use a trump second term to scare us away from single payer system?
You should #HoldTownHall and listen to your constituents. You R complicit & will go down w/Donnie. Disgraceful legacy. Congratulations!
passage of amnesty and failure to pass meaningful tax reform or repeal Obamacare or build the wall will kill it!
Not to mention emoluments clause, collusion w Russians, white supremacy, abuse of power. Oh, and moral bankruptcy.
You should vote for single payer and let's see what happens after
I'd rather my tax $ go for healthcare than wars that create refugees that we refuse to help.
I am one of your constituents & I support Medicare for all.
OR--give Americans the good healthcare they deserve. Single payer good idea!
I'm more worried about election interference handing trump a second term.
Except that 80% of the country (that includes Republicans) sppt single payer.  Pay attn to ur constituents, why don't you?
His votes prove he's only worried about his big bucks donors & party loyalty, not average constituents.
Let's have a town hall and talk about it.
He don't do town halls!
@JohnCornyn is too scared to hold a town hall.
And his staff is scared to answer the phone.
Sure pal. That ass isn't going to finish one term. God I hope you get caught up in this Russia thing. You're bad for Texas.
I am your constituent and I support health care for all.
Dream on. Trump will never finish his first term, since he shouldn't even be POTUS at all.
#SinglePayer
That will be a blessing
It could be your last term!
As your constituent, I fully support single-payer healthcare for all. I've expressly emailed/faxed/called you in my support to no avail.
We just need Republicans with a backbone instead of rino's like Cornyn, McConnell, Graham, McCain, and Paul Ryan.

Medical bankruptcy is inhumane!
You sound desperate John. Who gave you these talking points?
100% against it!  UnAmerican. Those that want it should move to Europe. Check out medi share.  Free market.
You idiots have the house and senate and you still can't defund ACA and fix HC!!! GOP is worthless and your all fired!!
John Cornyn obstructing aid for other States except Texas, could mean he's an Asshole, but I don't like to curse. #hypocrite #ThePartyOfHate
You care more about winning than your constituents having meaningful healthcare. I'm your constituent and I support single payer.
I'm a Texan who supports a single payer. Also new ACA repeal plan is no better for the country than the other failed attempts. Vote no.
Actually, the @TheDemocrats push for #SinglePayer could be your downfall.
I want the government out of health care and want the free market to provide my health care.  Health care for society IS NOT GOVERNMENTS JOB
Amen brother!
Or give American citizens cheaper insurance overall and loosen the reins of insurance on bought senators. Why do you oppose?
2 questions: Is this why? Did they get a receipt?
They can't fail at that anymore than the GOP's spectacular SEVEN YEAR WAR ON ACA, that failed even when GOP controls all....losers
bad read, my friend.
Repealing Obamacare WOULD get him a second term
that's what you are hoping. That is why you have done nothing to ensure Russians won't mess in our elections next time
Oh Senator, sometime you slay me!   
Why?  His base is on eithe Medicaid or Medicare. They'll love it
I suspect you'll vote 4 cloture so you can vote against it while it passes w/ simple majority of safe Rs and all Ds. #RINO @DwayneStovall
Repeal/Replace
Tax Reform
Wall

THESE WILL SECURE 
2018 and 2020

Get to work, Senator, N-O-W
I hope he gets a term in jail.  Maybe you could be his cell mate you sell out
Hahahahahahaahaha! #Comedy #Satire #WHENSTHETOWNHALLJOHN

Please support my GoFundMe campaign: https://www.gofundme.com/4drkyh4?pc=tw_co_shareflow_a&rcid=961411af95724bb2a0c1c423fc735886 … @gofundme 
Don't you wish? You've been betting on the Trump train and I'm pretty sure it's a losing bet.
gop failure on building wall w mexico & enforcement of immigration law plus nto repealing and replacing aca will give reason to not vote gop
The replibucans don't care about their constituents! They only care how much Russia  $$ go into their pockets. All crooks!

Senator, TRY to think of the HEALTH of this country, PHYSICALLY and FISCALLY, rather than your damn politics, PLEASE!
Not if me & mine have anything to say about it. Shit I want that liar gone now!!!
So why don't you fix healthcare/ACA, since GOP controls, and quit whining about everything. You really suck at empathy for your constituents
I know moderate Republicans who support single payer Medicare for all. Let insurance companies compete for drug and supplemental coverage.
We're not all millionaires Senator.
@MattMackowiak tell us again how your party has improved health care?
You mean 1/3 of the Dems. No wonder the USA always crashes with a GOP POTUS. You are bad at math.
Doubt it.
Well, most of us hoping he's  impeach 2018. Hopefully you're on board w that senator. tRUMp, aka Russian agent, is the worst thing for US.
I guess John McCain is ready to betray The People on this one to. U need to campaign against McCain in his next primary. He's deep state.
You have zero concern for Texans. Your Trump nosed sarcasm should get you run out of this state & into jail with your disastrous GOPVote
yeah, but it could also hand us single-payer healthcare!
He's got to make it through his first term. It's not looking good...
#Impeach #TraitorInChief
Lol. Sure it will.
John, how bout this proposal: expand Medicare Under 65 w pre exist cond chrg prem accordingly, return Hlth Ins back to pre O-Care
Would super appreciate it if you would step up support @realDonaldTrump 
The Republicans are in office because we voted for @POTUS to #MAGA
Single Payer supporters: if u want socialized healthcare, move to a socialist country. Constitution right to Life, Liberty Pursuit Happiness
Every middle to upper middle class person under Single-Payer would have taxes increased & then have to buy private insurance. Like education
I support #MedicareForAll and I'll be voting against you in 2020!
You sayin he doesn't have a shot without it?
@JohnCornyn is dense like his cohorts. 61% of Americans demand #MedicareForAll ! The American people won't forget your not supporting it!
They hate him, they love him... they're all OVER the place!
Ah, the daily tweet of a terrible article that you probably didn't even read. You are just awful for Texans.
More like Republican push for no care will hand democrats single-payer
Says the guy who couldn't get the votes to repeal ACA.  You got nothing, enjoy your last three years in office.
First terms first, candidates, Bernie will not be an issue, he has tax issues.
You wish!
And Mueller could hand Trump a LONGER Term IN PRISON
Americans want healthcare not insurance profits.
I'm officially removing you from office, you appear to be extremely delusional ( psychological evaluation required)
Threatening us? We either get rid of Trump ASAP or get healthcare. Is that the new deal?
So your telling them not to do it?
Let us pray this is NOT the only reason!
Hey John...  WAKE UP!!! America is speaking loud & clear!  Healthcare is a RIGHT!!
Then vote for it. You know for the sake of your backwards party. Also because it's the right thing to do.
GOP lie machine ramping up.  Heads up:  Americans want health care for all.
Keep on telling yourself that, pal.
I'm hoping Republicans will remember who they really are and impeach Trump. Back when y'all had souls...and balls.
They are heartless cowards. Complicit accomplices to this sham of a presidency. Let's not forget R's chose party over country!
No John, the GOPe push for Amnesty will hand Democrats ALL THE TERMS. Stop betraying us & LEAD! #NeverAmnesty #MAGA #BuildTheWallNOW @potus
And the GOP inability to repeal ACA made the push for single payer possible.  Was that part of your plan to re elect Trump then?
If Trump gives amnesty he won't make it to the end of his first term. Pressure should be given for him to keep his promise.  No amnesty
Trump running for a 2nd term will hand democrats a victory.
You sound ambivalent. @chucktodd
Y'all need to get that done. Let's take care of our own.
Funny
It's you heartless Republicans who will lose in the end!
Hey, Cornyn & @TedCruz! I am a #Texan, & I support #SinglePayer #healthcare. I think this could make #Trump a one-term president! #Texas #TX
Trump'll win a 2d term by a landslide b/c he's a Pragmatist, is genuine & has country's interest not his own self-interest at heart. Simple.
National Review has a right wing bias.  And it is purely speculative.  There are alot of people who think Medicare for all is the answer.
Still upset about § 1312 of the ACA, huh?
Aww.
#MedicareForAll
Republicans proposed repealing itemized deduction 4 state & local taxes as 1 way 2 pay 4 tax rate cuts 4 businesses
Rotfl.
We need more Bernie's. Will not vote for  Republicans again till y'all get your priorities straight. #MedicareForAll
I'd rather go GREEN! 
Or not.
"Our President believes healthcare is a curse. We believe it's a right." @GavinNewsom

Congress needs to follow the same rules passed upon the little people..
NO SINGLE PAYER. Repeal the Law.
Is that a threat, sir?
Will he run as a democrat then?
LOL. No one can hand Trump a second term.
Only if he signs it into law

#AmnestyDon
ROFLMAO Someone didn't get the memo: Americans want #MedicareForAll

A hard push for single payer could hand YOU another term. Think about it.
Medicaid & VA negotiate costs downwards, why can't you?
Can even you be this deluded, John?
Nope
lol you need to be worried about your own future terms as a Senator. SPOILER: you'll never win again. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Medicare For All is finally giving the Dems something to campaign on, generate excitement. #MedicareForAll
That's just wishful thinking on your part. He won't make it through his first term. Impeachment looms. @realDonaldTrump
We don't want single-payer #CharlieGard
This wins stupidest statement of the week.
It won't. That reminds me... How many open town halls have you held since trying to take #HealthCare away from #Texans? #SinglePayer
Or... It could push the GOP majority out of the House & Senate. The GOP has ZERO viable healthcare solutions to cover everyone & cut costs.
PS. your Twitter game is TRASH.
What the hell are you smoking? Cannot wait until 2018.
It's hard for Trump to get a second term when he now has disappointed every demo/base out there - and oh yeah, then there's treason issue.
and DACA could ensure a single term.
2017 Single-Payer Supporter @SenSanders in 1987: 'Astronomical Cost Would Bankrupt US'
Lol!
You sound nervous
Should be.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #BCRA #AHCA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@ChrisMurphyCT explains how Obamacare isn't dying — Trump is purposefully killing it 
No to both you and @realDonaldTrump
The Democratic Push for Single-Payer Could Hand Trump a Second Term http://bit.ly/2xzlmO6 
Hahahahahahahahahaha....ok...sure.
why is giving us a right we deserve going to do that john? Pushing the pricing down because Gov. runs it, why is that bad to lower costs?
Health care is a service, not a right. Our rights are listed in the Constitution. Don't put so much trust in govt bureaucrats & politicians.
Can you be POTUS from prison? How about a Senator? Asking for dipshit John Cornyn.
#censure #CensureTrump  #HR496
This was quite a segment from @CNN that will be shared far and wide 
Lmao like he's even going to finish his first term.
Oh I hope he lasts until the republican primary. I'd love to see him impeached right after he gets the nomination.
