Senate #healthcarebill is cruel and you know it. No #GOP confidence. #LAlies
We need a clean repeal like we we're promised.  Mitch McConnell needs to be replaced as leader.
Please read these too ->
REPEAL Obamacare!!!
Please do not support this bill.  Baton Rouge, La. 70814
Here we are at Independence day weekend, and trump blasts media for making him look unpresidential.  they needed no help! International joke
Sounds like your constituents are asking you to VOTE NO. Whatever problems are in ACA, this bill does not address, and makes things worse.
Definitely read the bill. But then make sure your vote represents your constituents. Vote no. Just vote no. Then work on improving ACA.
Plz vote NO! #Louisiana
Its not a healthcare bill it s Tax cut for the 1 precent .No care about the children and the seniors that you hurt just your pocket
Hey Sen.Weed Killer the unmitigated disaster is your party. It's ineffectual leadership &the assclown in the WH. BTW any town halls in NOLA?
Help don't hurt. Say no to Trumpcare. Show you have a backbone.
Keep your eyes on the goal: making health care more accessible & more affordable for all Americans. Destroying Medicaid is not the way.
Repub. promise: We'll repeal O'care. So clear. But a lie. Senate bill embracing gov't take-over of healthcare. Disgusting! You should oppose
With an even bigger disaster of a billionaire's tax cut masquerading as healthcare?  Are the poor that irrelevant to you?
Cutting Medicaid. Cutting mental health, addictions, cutting well care, cutting essential healthcare. Bad for Louisiana.
@BillCassidy @SenJohnKennedy How does this healthcare bill benefit ur constituents? NONE. But GOP wealthy benefactors get a tax cut #voteno
Needs a career change
Repair ACA, it can be done. Republicans are sabotaging it. I will be on the streets to work against you if you vote for ACHA.
Yes, so repeal it! You can't just tweak an unmitigated disaster like Ocare, which is all this bill seems to do. Broken Repub. promises
I can save you some time..  This bill isn't the answer
As far as healthcare. Why not read what other western industrialized nations have done successfully and model a program after that?
Today the unmitigated disaster is in the WH. Perhaps you should consider reading the USC instead? Perchance reflect on that path you took?
#wealthcare vote has been pushed back. You've had plenty of time to stand up for your state. You haven't. Doesn't say much for u as a person
Here's something for you to read:
#BCRA "would cause FINANCIAL RUIN for people w/pre-ex conditions"  @BillCassidy @SenJohnKennedy #ShameOnYou https://www.theatlantic.com/amp/article/531375/ …
Please put empathy and humanity before politics
No one disagrees that current health care legislation needs repair. That "fix" should benefit those in need of affordable quality care.
#LIAR
@BillCassidy At this pt if u are still undecided, u don't represent us anymore; u represent McConnell & ur wealthy cronies #MoneyOverLives
ALERT. You represent me in Louisiana, not McConnell. #killercare will KILL in our state. Don't fund billionaire tax cuts with lives. #VOTENO
LA will lose 10B in federal Medicaid $ under GOP bill forcing cuts to nursing home & in-home care. Vote NO!!! Take care of your own!
The current Senate healthcare bill is an unmitigated disaster and urge your opposition to it.
ACA allowed my musician bf (one of those New Orleans industry folks) to get affordable healthcare. Asking you to vote NO on repeal. 70119.
Following UR position on AHCA.NO on AHCA! Millions would B devastated-we'll remember who stood tall against!We R watching & listening in LA.
Healthcare is a commodity--
Free market creates competition and organically brings down cost. 
#FulRepeal
#UnitedForFreedom
This bill is heartless and Louisiana will NEVER forget if you vote yes.
I am not your constituent but you serve constituents like me:
Not ENOUGH difference to spit at!  REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED, NO trumpcare! UnitedforFreedom!
As a Louisiana citizen that voted for you,I ask you to stand with @RandPaul @SenRonJohnson against Obamacare-Lite! #FullRepeal
Consider #FullRepeal of ACA & say NO to socialized medicine 4 all. We've enough on the payroll as it is. Common sense legislation is needed!
Vote NO on health care bill. NO age tax; NO cuts to poor and elderly and children; NO caps; NO cuts EB; THIS bill is disastrous.
So here we are at Sunday night and you remain silent.  Cat got your tongue?  Go on and say it....NO to repeal and replace. Courage, now!
This is analogous to taking your hands off the wheel of a car, letting that car drive off a cliff & then blaming Ford for making the car
And no reason to repair the car you're driving when you can trade it in for a Pinto
Then FIX IT instead of giving tax cut to wealthy. 26% of your constituents rely on #Medicaid. 1/2 of them are children. #VoteNoAHCA #MEAN
Providing mental health care is not a disaster.  Oppose #ADCA #Americandeathcareact
While u read it, I hope you can understand how it will hurt our state. Put us first. You represent us. Wake up.
unmitigted. THE GOP and FOX loves their insulting adjectives. The party of the adjectives and very little more. SAD
And typically you free-loader politicians will fix CRAP with CRAP and call it yummy-food.
Well, u must have finished reading it bc you had time to tweet the LSU gm, so are you voting YES on TrumpCare & cutting Ins for 400K in La?
TrumpCare gives power back to Ins co: Lifetime caps, ability to dupe ppl into buying junk plans agn, confusing policies, penalties for poor
Is there a time you will be in your BR office?  I'd like to bring my 10 y.o. son by so you can tell him directly about the senate bill.
This is why the GOP has lost this voter forever.  You have no clue what you are doing and are ignoring the will of the people.
YOU ARE the to DISASTER and so is TRUMPCARE.  You have to KILL people for your MASTER to pocket money.  REMEMBER THOSE WORDS IN 2018.
Please Senator, regardless of politics, make sure,the bill is flawless. We can't afford a continued disaster the @BarackObama created
ObamaCare is not a disaster, You really should stop with this BS. You're a liar and We The People know you are lying. Romneycare!!!
And the bill is a bigger disaster than Obamacare could ever be
Healthcare is only for rich people !!  Let the poors drink water !!
I would say the tens of millions who have insurance now would find some redeemable qualities to it.
Stop calling Ocare a disaster, find a way to improve it. Implementing ur HC would create a national crisis. Fix this, cut the bipartisanship
You are going to damage or close the hospitals that will care for you and your family. This bill will hurt YOU! Irony abounds.
Why did you people vote for this ass
Here's a hint: This bill doesn't solve any of it....it just give more money to the wealthy. Go figure.
Reading the bill will fix it? AARP DOES NOT WANT YOUR TRUMP CARE!!!
Be a leader. Care for your constituents...not just the 1%. Kill this bill before it kills thousands of Americans. We can do much better
This"tax cut for the wealthy" bill makes things far worse. The GOP is the party of greed and cruelty. Thousands will die because of this.
#TrumpCare = #DeathPanels
"hmmm,let's see, decimating Medicaid? Check! Retroactive tax cuts for me and my rich friends? Check!Yadda yadda yadda- whatever,looks good!"
Medicaid covers 64% of those in nursing homes and 60% for disabled children. The old, the sick and the disabled. Wow GOP. Hate puppies too??
The GOP is ruining healthcare for the average citizen to grant a huge tax break to the rich and Big Business. WE SEE YOU GOP.
The GOP Wants to do away with Medicaid and destabilize Medicare. Then replace Medicare with vouchers that will pay nothing and cost more.
Not one Republican has an answer as to how the millions to be uninsured will access healthcare. Do you Senator? What is ur answer?
@JohnCornyn So we will have that disaster you created forced upon us?????
Pls also read this piece by a #Louisiana doctor who cares for patients on #Medicaid: https://articles.nola.com/opinions/index.ssf/2017/06/medicaid_expansion.amp … #SaveACA #SaveMedicaid
Please, Sen Kennedy, protect your constituents. Too bad the same can't be said about Sen Cornyn
Specifically point out tax breaks for rich, dare you.
It's unmitigated b/c repubes refused to help it.
How is Obamacare a ‘disaster’?
How could nixing pre-existing cond. protections (by eliminating the mandate), imposing lifetime limits & raising premiums be an improvement?
Why are you republicans even adopting a healthcare bill? Trump and you republicans promised a full repeal.
quit lying, aca not a disaster nor is it dead or in a death spiral. repubs have been sabotaging since the start. trump joined in. shameful
You can start fixing Obamacare by ADDING A PUBLIC OPTION, as originally intended.
This bill is shady. Less coverage, less people covered, higher premiums...but your friends make $ so you push it through. We will remember.
That bill is worse than Obamacare and you know it. How much did you receive in donations in exchange for selling out your constituents?
You're the ones who "unmitigated" it.
- This bill isn't worth giving up your weekend. Go play golf & vote NO on immoral Trumpcare tax cut bill masquerading as HC
US must fix the complicit nature of you Putin loving #GOP. The only reason you use Obama name is because your plans suck so much more. Liar
Fix it. Don't fuck it up more
the real problem w/ american healthcare? capitalism
focus = profits, not health

overhead = devastating
https://www.publicintegrity.org/2015/01/26/16658/health-insurers-watch-profits-soar-they-dump-small-business-customers … via @Publici
ACA is failing it's bc T & GOP have been trying to destroy it. How is kicking millions off healthcare better? How do you sleep? Shame.
#repeal of #Obamacare. 
Stop trying to fix or create govt program. That has failed and always will.
It should take you about 30 seconds to realize this bill is garbage. Why not spend the weekend working on fixes for the ACA?
If you want to fix the problem, focus on reducing the cost of care. Insurance and funding mechanism will follow. Med lobbyists own congress.
You think ACA is a disaster,  someone took it as a challenge to make it even worse.
Please make sure Medicaid an Medicare is in the bill full covarge
It's not about subsidizing sky high rates, it's about restoring real competition or going to single payer. Rs protecting insurance companies
Trump's Plan To Sell Insurance Across State Lines Doesn't Mean Lower Costs
Amazing the difference in states like WA where our politicians serve w/care & intelligence. Imagine if all states had supported the #ACA?
This bill doesn't fix anything - it's an even bigger and more deliberate disaster.
That's the sad part. It IS deliberate. Huge tax break for the wealthy and insurance and drug companies. Harm the old & sick to pay for it.
ACA isn't a disaster at all. It has issues that need fixing, but your wording is overly dramatic. But, Trump ppl like that rhetoric,hmm?
Here's an idea: MAKE CONGRESS A PILOT TEST. Put yourselves on this care for two years then get back to us. Signed, America #TheResistance
Stop protecting insurance industry at the expense of everyone else. It hurts taxpayers, businesses and makes us less competitive.
YOu mean the health care plan that every state is in favor of?  By replacing it with one that is in EVERY way WORSE?  #Traitors
Rs need to embrace true free market reform by unwinding employer based system & open competition or get out of way for single payer.
Fix this! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
It seems fitting that, with the #TrumpCare debate raging, I got this bill in the mail today from Ethan's most recent open heart surgery. 
Time to get the senator a dictionary with "unmitigated" highlighted.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
Get rid of it period. It was put in place illegally by an INELIGIBLE president. You lnow it and anyone over 50 knows it
Allowing pooling of small biz & farmers? Where is selling policies across state lines? Mandatory healthcare & meds pricing transparency?
Read this too while you're at it
By passing the unmitigated apocalypse that's Trumpcare?
So who bought you?  Or do you mean to work towards getting #Healthcare4All? Taxing corporations (b'cuz they people too.)?
More #blacklash. Everytime @JohnCornyn retweets he declares himself a bigger and bigger racist. The disaster is @GOP.The rest is manageable.
Under Senate HC plan, the more money you make, the more you pay for insurance! https://www.forbes.com/sites/theapothecary/2017/06/23/republican-senate-healthcare-bill-creates-scary-marginal-tax-rates/amp/ …
AP FACT CHECK: Obamacare is not in a 'death spiral' - Business Insider
Please keep premiums and deductibles low and affordable.  

God bless your negotiations.

No, senator. We've read the bill and analysis. The ACA is fixable. The new bill will be a complete disaster for all but wealthy Americans.
I received a form letter yesterday from your office in response to my letter. It made similar false claims. Disappointing but not surprising
Please help us....I have a 22 yr old with Down's who truly depends on Medicaid. Please No cuts and No caps. We need you
Please do not support this new bill.  Many Louisianians will not have health care.  70461
If, as reported, this bill will permit insurers to raise rates on older Americans by as much as 5x other rates, vote NO!
Totally! Millions of covered people and lives saved is a complete disaster! So suspenseful waiting to hear your thoughts! #AHCA #ACA
Stop with the partisan talking points. If ACA is broken, get to work and fix it. Help people in Louisiana, not the GOP
Obamacare is unsustainable. Let's make health care AND health insurance more affordable to ALL. Then Medicaid will be 
This @SenateMajLdr bill is an unmitigated disaster. Make no mistake.
You know very well that Trumpcare will hurt more people in Louisiana. Shame on you!
What about this unmitigated disaster in YOUR STATE?????? Louisiana nursing home rank LAST in nation!!!!!
Matthew (7:12):  Matthew (7:12):   Matthew (7:12):  Matthew (7:12):   Matthew (7:12):  Matthew (7:12):  Matthew (7:12):READTHE GoldenRule!
Please vote NO. 343,400 people in Louisiana will be *unable to afford healthcare* under this bill. No one should live w/o healthcare
Fix the disaster that is trumpcare before you try and get rid of Obamacare. Also call it the ACA so your redneck fans know its the same
Please do not vote for that abomination. You will be killing millions.
the GOP could not be any worse than the last 5 months. We need people that have a clue in Congress. Right now we have nothing.
My sister (41) & mom (61) likely won't survive cuts to Medicaid. Mental healthcare is LIFE or DEATH issue; La cannot afford cuts. Please!
Tax cuts for rich people is a fix for Healthcare?  Hypocrite
Yes, thank you
Repeal! Repeal! Repeal!
THIS will be your legacy. 64% of long term care is Medicaid. My mother. Your mother. THIS IS YOUR LEGACY and YOUR ALBATROSS if you vote yes.
Vote for the new bill & you are voting to kill and bankrupt your own people to enrich a few. This is not what true Christians do.
Obamacare is NOT a disaster and you and your ilk and your party leaders keep saying that.  Well, it doesn't make it true.  You're a shill
Thank you so much for your hard work.Most of your constituents realize that the Obama admin created a monster that is eating us up alive.
Most working Americans want AFFORDABLE catastrophic health insurance for hospitalization & emergency room coverage NOT GOVERNMENT HEALTHCARE
Cute photo, vote against the bill and for your constituents.
Don't bother reading. This bill attacks #Louisiana most vunerable residents to give obscene tax breaks to multi-billionaires. #UNACCEPTABLE
If the public health insurance plan Congresspeople get is not a disaster, we'd love to join.
Read and reject #AHCA. Wrong direction if you're looking to improve things for La.
We've been paying your salary & your health care for decades. Now you want to take our healthcare. Louisiana needs healthcare. #voteno
Trumpcare=unmitigated disaster. Tax breaks for wealthy &health benefits losses for the rest.Will you represent Louisiana or be a #GOPpuppet?
Think of your constituents rather than towing the party line. This bill would be disastrous for Louisiana. #VoteNo #ProtectOurCare
This bill includes retroactive tax relief for capital gains, a GOP payoff for the wealthy. Will you sell out for the GOP or stand up for us?
Care to share it with us instead of the lobbyists?
