Great. Too bad you were too selfish and hypocritical to support Sandy disaster relief bill.
Arkema plant has exploded. Reports that they didn't take all necessary safety measures. Statement.
He voted to delay stricter regulations:
Shame on you! Just shameful what YOU & Republicans are doing to the Afordable Care Act! All lives are at stake not just Democrats!
Will you speak out and admit your mistake during #SandyRelief so it's not repeated for #HurricaneHarvey victims??
No, he cares only about his own. #ChristianValues
Liars make the best promises.
If Texas spent their testing budget of $13.4 BILLION - yes, BILLION - on rebuilding damaged schools, children would greatly benefit.
You liar you are working to take $1 billion to help your god Trump build a wall that isn't needed. You always work against America

looks like dc needs a new examination!! :)
Dear America: We need water and supplies in Port Arthur. TJ Mid School Gym is now a Red Cross Shelter #harveyrelief @damonwest7.Please RT
Unlike yourself, others have compassion for Hurricane victims. #NoWall #RebuildTexas
That is not what your dictator is saying.
Very good. Now if only healthcare legislation, illegal immigration and tax reform could get such urgent attention...
WTH is wrong with you?
RIGHT !!!!!
This would be an ideal time for that to be "Bipartisan" instead of "Republican". Missed opportunity for good optics there, John.
Remember when John Cornyn rejected funds for victims of Hurricane Sandy?
What? Working for the people? Novel idea.
Like you did for Sandy?
You are always ready to spend other people's money..

Right after tax cuts, deporting children, building a wall, and watching a chemical plant explode because you cut safety measures.
.@tedcruz Congress must come together! These victims don't care about politics! Come together on aid or none of you deserve to be there!
Mr. Gorbachev, "Tear down this wall!". The disaster relief will go to Texas without Wall money being deducted, right? We do not build walls!
Your stance and inaction on climate change contradict any meaningful concern for the devastation in Texas. #sleaze #slime
A little too late. Shouldn't have opposed the Exec Order 13690.
Now, it's Obama's fault! Pathetic! You'll soon be blaming Obama for cancer! You will not araze Him as Black President no matter what you do!
Republicans lie quite often
Guess you will only help republicans since it isn't American leaders or bipartisan bill. Put people before party.
I was in NJ for Sandy. You're a hypocrite.
When do you intend to apologize to New Jersey and #hurricanesandy victims? What happened to independent, secessionist Texas?
Seriously fucking stop with the GOP propaganda and the narcissism.  I am so done with this BS. #VoteHimOut
The selling of your party first scum is relentless. All leaders must promise aid. I'm glad Repubs didn't say no this time.
Why aren't you in session NOW?  Immediate is TODAY, not next week.
Just Republicans?
Ironic considering that GOP denial of science and deregulation compounded this disaster.  Party of personal responsibility? #climatechange
The entire Houston petroleum corridor should be paying into a disaster relief fund to offset their greed.  #climatechange is real.
You promised repeal of ObamaCare too. How did that work out.
Any Federal funds for Texas recovery should include a provision to defund #johncornyn salary for his rank #hypocrisy on Sandy
Beat anyone, on the spot, with their own limbs, if they try to add pork to it! 
@JohnCornyn never stops his partisan bragging. How about "TX legislators work across party lines to get relief to stricken communities."
Attach an amendment calling 4 immediate townhalls by TX senators & 4 TX governor 2 participate in health exchanges & Medicaid expansion.
but will they demand cuts to pay for the bill like they did with the Sandy relief bill?
that's enough out of you, hypocrite you were ok with pulling millions off Medicaid. Now fake concern over helping people in need.
Shut up you liar. Your party is the one that wants to cut funding to build an unnecessary and useless wall
https://amp.ft.com/content/b38f50f6-8d0e-11e7-a352-e46f43c5825d …
#Texans, please read about your insurance claims. Very important.
Not your fellow loving evangelical Texans who did not object to your hate filled vote against assistance to the north, the east, the Yankees
To helping Americans in a disaster. No not you. Your Republican alt-right hatred had you blind to fellow Americans suffering.
Unlike you who let your Texas sized hatred of the north, the east, Dems, liberals, everything not CSA white power evangelical or kkk vote no
Texas is under water Shouldn't good real estate man like trump walk away Maybe give it back to Mexico I think you'll find true Americans aid
"Freedom means having no insurance" that was you right  Also you allowed your alt-right hate of "yankees" to vote no for Sandy relief right
Shame on you now a yes vote?#VOTEUOUT
No Wall, No Pork, Just Houston! 
@tedcruz
Only need 51 votes. Remember that for more than just this bill.
It takes a truly evil man to play politics with American lives. #hurricanehypocrite
You can vote to not help Hurricane Sandy victims but when it is your own state, suddenly your heart bleeds. #hurricanehypocrite
Just leave out the pork.
You refused Sandy aid when your NJ was in need, then lied about it. Dems still support Texas aid.
This crisis is far from over.. Port Arthur & Beaumont Texas are in critical situations.. Need food, water & medical attention Now!!
This:Woodrow Wilson Middle School on Lakeshore Dr., Port Arthur needs 2 feed 5,000.  One elderly man needs meds & hasn't eaten in 2 days.
No doubt. Wish you had shown such urgency when Hurricane Sandy hit NY & NJ. Stop playing politics when AMERICANS are suffering.
Thx 4 all of the deregulation to line you & your friends pockets, now we have to worry about explosions & chemicals here too. #votecornynout
Denial of science, deregulation and greed compounded this disaster.
How could that be?  91 days for Sandy.  Are there offsets for the expense that @VP demanded when in the @HouseGOP .
We want first responders & citizens 2 be protected from chemicals. Reinstate Tier 2 reporting for chemical plants.
@TheDemocrats will you retweet this since yesterday you were worried about the FEMA budget.
So you're not going to cut FEMA, etc, to pay for that stupid wall?
More #FakeNews, I see. @dcexaminer how many Pulitzer Prizes for journalism they've received. Oh, right, they're a click bait site.
#Shame
Excellent. Better than building a wall.
Let's rebuild and repair infrastructure. Not build a stupid wall 
House Republicans looking at cutting almost $1 billion from disaster accounts to help finance Trump border wall: http://apne.ws/mIcJW2P 
Keep out the pork!

While your there REMEMBER the majority of us #Texans don't want #Corporate tax cuts! We tax breaks for the lower and middle classes NOW!!
We need some leadership to calm the gas panic pls
I support #Harvey bill, But you #shamefully #blocked for #SuperStorm #Sandy that #Devastated #NewYork
No, Dems added so much pork they knew it wouldn't pass. Dems did that to them. Look at what they were adding into it.
Well, the Dems lead by Schumer have vowed to fight everything. Hopefully, he can be put to bed. Fight for Texas.
Guaranteed Dem will try to tie to some pork
Why wait until next week to start?  You represent Texas-start working now.  It's not like you have to cancel any town hall meetings.
Rebuild Houston not a Wall
Now your looking for some "pork?!"
I hope your friends in congress and your way of making laws don't get in the way of that help like you did with NJ
Even during this midst of a disaster, you are still being partisan. Shameful.
Meanwhile, the jackass-in-chief that John endorsed is holding campaign rallies and selling hats.
John supports cutting disaster aide, FEMA, NOAA, climate science so he can build his stupid wall.
And I'll just leave this here.
No one with a heart would deny hurricane relief for helpless victims- well except for you and @tedcruz and @VP when it came to Sandy victims
Headlines like this further deepen the divide. As if the Republicans alone are providing aid. Could you ALL just do what's right for people?
They have a majority in the house and senate. So yah it's pretty much up to them.
No shit?  The same guys who promised to end the ACA?
1/ First round of funding shouldn't be a problem. You and Ted and rest's opposition to Sandy will be relevant when the spotlight goes off.
2/ We can only hope that you heartless representatives remain in the minority. But we will remember your 2013 votes.
You're disgraceful. You can't even rally with the opposition in the midst of #Harvey. It's Republican or bust. Resign. You're failing.
If it doesn't target middle class directly, it's corporate welfare.
Unlike when New York & New Jersey needed assistance after Sandy, because, you know screw them Democrats... #liars #frauds @tedcruz @GOP
The Dems screwed you. They were the ones who added tons of pork knowing damn well it wouldn't pass.
Just like Sandy...
"Congress must ensure that a catastrophe of nature does not become a catastrophe of debt," Pence
Tell @VP that sponges aren't too expensive.
WE STILL DON'T HAVE HEALTHCARE


Why isn't your name on this letter?! Do you support white supremacists?!??  #HR496
https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Again with Republicans instead of bipartisan help to rally around Americans in need. Always trying to divide just like 45. Sad!
Waiting to hear TX officials acknowledge how their lack of oversight in urban planning hugely contributed to the catastrophe in Houston.
You are the epitome of what is wrong with our Government.Working "bipartisan" is the right way to go. We all know your voting record for aid
Or this could be a political ploy as a " stand alone" so it doesn't look "cut" so you can build that God forsaken Wall??
I'm still confused why @JoaquinCastrotx has conflicting reports with FEMA on the required date of insurance filing September 1.
It's not required. State law changes & it becomes more difficult to sue your insurance company if you file after Sept 1.
Or senator really needs to work w congressman, its causing massive hysteria/ confusion to people that have no access to phones/ computers
Today would be a good day to investigate @JohnCornyn.
#ImpeachTrump would be a great start.
Remember when YOU and Cruz voted NO for Sandy aid? Better hope karma doesn't bite you in the ass for that!
Will these Republicans who also want to cut @fema reverse course?
Fact check: the Sandy aid bill had little if no "pork". Read bill myself, couldn't find ANYTHING 'unrelated'.
Good! what kind of terrible people would try to deny Hurricane relief.  Oh yeah you and @SenTedCruz
Did you see the pork tied into those bills?!? The Dems are sneaky bastards and knew it wouldn't pass, they did it for politics sake. Wake up
i'll never respect a political "change of heart" only when it hits close to home. you voted against assistance for hurricane Sandy. 'member?
You just can't say congress. Can't be bipartisan even now. Pathetic.
Well, I would hope so considering that our government is for the people. #HurricaneHarvey
I trust #POTUSTrump to do what he states as far as his authority will allow, I don't trust @SenateGOP to do anything.
Keep praying
Hypocrite, blocked Sandy aid for tens of thousands, fraud and disgrace. @GOP
We'll see
