Yawn, no news there loser.
Smoke and mirrors, trying to distract constituents from important issues. #LastTerm
Disappointed in u John. U know this was yrs ago. at a public dinner. not hidden. not alone. not lied about.
PLEASE put country before party. Dont play the Trump games - thought u were better than that.
YUGE difference between a public luncheon and a private meeting. Bigly different. Stop trying to deflect and distract.
Aw, come on. You are pitiful.  Misrepresent all you want. The people know what Trump did and that u are supporting it.
This is a far cry from meeting Kislyak for a private or secret meeting. She's at a dinner with many guests. Reaching??
#TownHall
Are you still spouting this?!  Obviously not a secret meeting. Goodness gracious. Do you really not get it?  #LastTerm
Big difference between a one on one meeting during a political campaign and this meeting. #nocomparison
Tweet changes subject about your crooked party's lying cronyism and the regime's unfathomable corruption. #fify
Heaven knows I'm no fan of Pelosi but her behavior is irrelevant to the President's behavior.
Senator, when one of your children disobeyed and when corrected, said "BUT so and so did it first", how did that go over?
Why the cover up? Why do the leaders of your party keep lying?
Yes I definitely see a private double secret conversation here 
as mentioned in the article, this doesn't equate to an off record, private meeting (a la Sessions). #falseequivalence
Thanks for the update but she isn't the Pres or the AG who swore under oath they never met him. Stay focused!
did she say it under oath?
just stop- sitting at a table with lots of other people and having a private meeting- different things!
Did she lie under oath too?  Where are perjury charges?
Was the statement made under oath?
call Christopher Steele to testify #trumprussia
looks like a public meeting. Where are the photos of sessions meeting? Oh wait, it was secret
Why are you trying to cover up Trump's association with Russia?  What do you have to hide?
Again, she doesn't have ear of President and Again, 2 wrongs don't make a right. It's not ok whether Dem OR Rep.
How the hell was he a judge?
you and trump need a twitter sitter
lying under oath compared to what? You sir are in a bubble of lies! #TownHall #TownHall #lastterm
DIDNT LIE UNDER OATH
democrat leadership is 100% corrupt.  why do republicans try bipartisan with 100% corrupt leaders??
she didn't lie under oath. And this story is several days old, what are trying to distract us from?
She must have been plotting the overthrow of the government with him.
have u seen the pic of Russian ambassador at trump speech, front row? Trump said he had NO contact. He LIED & CONTINUES to lie!!
Among the privileges of being a Senator is the right to tweet 2 days late 
I hope you're not trying to draw equivalence between this 2010 group meeting and the shady 1:1 Sessions lied about.
keep trying buddy. Your boy still lied under oath. Nothing you can say about anyone else will change that .
And the slaves were immigrants too. #2020
so you're still on about this Pelosi meeting as tho it's at all similar to Trump? What about Trump's false claims about Obama?
do you have any interest in doing your job or do you only care about trying to paint Dems as hypocrites via false equivalencies?
was she asked under oath? I think not. Move along.
do you just sit there and write your tweets specifically to piss people off?
The problem is not that Mr. Sessions met Mr. Kislyak. The problem is that his boss is a Russian mole.
Photos contradict Trumps inauguration size claims you shameless hypocrite
this is a distraction and a smoke screen you are propagating. #russiagate investigate @realDonaldTrump. Do your job!
FYI - she was not running for @POTUS. Your new BFF WAS and his team is tainted by multiple ties. Desperate deflection
AGAIN, IT'S NOT ABOUT OTHER REPS - IT'S ABOUT THE INTEGRITY OF 45's CABINET/CAMPAIGN & THIER TIES TO RUSSIA. #PutinPuppet
Hohn, you owe an explanation to that horrible republican plan.
but that's a public place. What was #Sessions doing behind closed doors? #RussiaGate
Seriously? You want to go there? Your complicity will forever stain your legacy. Your children will be humiliated.
Oh. A state SPONSORED event? Stop using your voters' tax $ to chase nonsense.
This is what 7 years old & there are 15 people at that meeting.  Don't throw ur back stretching, ur replcmnt plan won't cover it
Do you know the difference between a private meeting and a dinner with al lot of folks including Republicans?
Disingenuous.
Please investigate ties between current administration and Russia. Stop playing games.
How is this tweet helping the state of Texas?
It doesn't look like a private, secret meeting to me.  Sorry, John, not the same.  #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS 75831
old news, and she didn't perjure herself.This isn't daycare!Stop diverting and get on w #IndependentInvestigation
you know what? A PUBLIC LEGIT meeting is very different from a secret meeting that's been lied about. Stop defending the crazy.
The now Attorney General lied under oath. What are you going to do about it? We can move on to Pelosi next if she did the same.
focus, please
by ur logic, this means we can show a picture of you next to a horse, and that proves you are a horse's ass. #TownHall
yeah she shouldn't have said that. Two wrongs don't make a right though, and she didn't say it under oath.
when are you going to have a town hall to talk to us?
- to paraphrase 1992, "It's the perjury, stupid!" Not to mention the secrecy of a one-on-one vs public photo lunch
meeting was in public and on the record.  No lies told under oath. No lies told to the VP.
Context is everything, Senator. You're not fooling us. This isn't about a large diplomatic gathering.
You're desperately trying to cover yourself after voting in a man with a long history of racist policies.
Not to mention that he committed perjury in his confirmation hearing, which should be grounds for removal.
.@tedcruz .@fwgetinvolved I'm more concerned w/ ACA repeal and EPA budget cuts.

awwww who's a big boy now? Feel better?
The press was there and it was a sanctioned meeting, not some behind the scenes scheming.
Weren't you just tweeting the other day about what a bipartisan guy you are? Yet all I see is an attempt to smear Dems. Hmmmm...
she was not asked under oath! Do not lower yourself to this. What Session did wrong but can be corrected.This childish
she said she didn't have a private meeting with him. Also she is not The AG.
Would you give it a rest? #INVESTIGATE #RUSSIA#ImpeachTrump #protectamerica
Oy vey. Then why didnt Senator Sessions mention that during his testimony? Even if he didnt lie, he obviously misled
You are again looking desperate, not strong.  You really need to stop defending him
Your saying that its OK for the AG to lie about having private meeting w/ Russian Ambass. b/c Pelosi met him once??
Wow, are they passing notes under the table? Glad your on the http://case.Now  let's look at Trump/Putin
But she didn't lie under oath to Congress about it. The potential perjury is the point, not the meeting.
Not "potential" - documented perjury.
she's not in the executive office and making promises for the next administration. There's a major difference.
seriously you fool? THIS is how you deflect from trumps massive corruption that the GOP refuses to do anything about?
Ministry of Propoganda at work, do not trust GOP as Bannon owns them, Hitler = Trump, battle for US coming soon
Gawd you just get lamer by the minute.
Face it. You're all liars and crooks. On all sides of the aisle.
17 Intel agencies contradict Trump's lies. Do we need to remind you of penalty for Misprision of Treason? #UScode2382
Your house is glass.
Deflecting from #Trumprussia #TrumpNoCare and #SessionsLied like the good little soldier you are.
like, what are you getting paid to do during the day?
Taunting his constituents via Twitter from his safe space. If he chokes on his hypocrisy, his healthcare is free.
big deal...no one is doing anything about it...what about the CIA2 within the CIA via wikileaks today?
doesn't matter. She wasn't an active spokesman for a presidential campaign at the same time Sad! #hypocrite
your job is not to intentionally mislead through false equivalence but to represent your constituents
Well said.
how many times have u met w any Russian under any circumstances at all. I.e. It was raining and u shared an umbrella.
Shame on Pelosi, but  different context.  Probably even minutes.  Can we get the minutes for the Sessions meeting?
put country over party and stop being a coward and hold a town hall!
What about that terrible Obamacare replacement tho
So she swore under oath she had no ties to Russia? Quit deflecting, Russia is tied to this Administration.
If you want to serve the GOP and don't care much for constituents, just take the Fox News contract already
Oh, look, a single dude out of a bunch of dudes from 7 years ago and not a shady one-on-one from a few months ago. Get a grip.
are you my senator, or are you just a sporadic, twitter-based version of the drudge report?
Please start representing Texans instead of dogging Dems. That does nothing for your constituents
How's the WikiLeaks business comrade?
distraction much?
John you are now nothing more than a parrot. What type of cookie are you receiving?
still? You're a hack, John. I feel sorry for the interns learning from you.
Dems love liars.
Can you say obfuscation?  Not even a good try for a Whip. Sad.
focus dude
Thank you for pointing out the hypocrisy; the #Haters aren't here for you no matter what; move on forward; ignore them
yeah Senator, go ahead and ignore us. Never mind that you work for US.
Yes, public meeting. Not secret meetings that Trump Admin tries to conceal and deny.  You are putting party before country
Healthcare rollout going to poorly you want to talk about Sessions/Russia instead?
She wasn't testifying under oath! Stop deflecting. #hearourvoice #texastownhall #RESISTANCE #persist
.@JohnCornyn @politico Apples and oranges and you know that, sir.
Really? She explained this! It was a diplomatic group-a little different than one on one. Very Christian snark as well
You should be outraged at thisas an American and a Congressman; but I'm sure that's too much to ask of you...
Still doesn't change the fact that Sessions, and most of Trump's cronies have been lying to you and the American people.
Any word on the 362 more important issues we're facing? Polish up that resume.
John and staff - you're embarrassing yourself by reaching on this one. #youpickedthewronghorse #delusional
public meeting in 2010, not secret meeting alongside Jared that Session didn't mention in his confirmation hearing.
Should someone who is investigating TrumpRussia be making public statements in support of 1 side? Independent investigation NOW!
seriously John. Don't distract us from your Dead On Arrival healthcare plan. You made your bed big boy.
,you do know the difference between a meeting held in secret and one held publicly with lots of cameras present, right?
Why r u indulging deluded arguments?  Call @JohnCornyn office to demand independent investigation into #TrumRussia     (202) 224-2934
Please tell me you don't truly believe what you say.
how about you do your damn job and protect our country?!  #RUSSIAGATE
oh, and btw, we don't want Gorsuch
Throwing your hat into this ring?  This will end poorly for the man in charge, you should probably steer clear
Once again you people need to understand the difference between official aboveboard diplomatic meeting and what you do
