He does not care about his reelection in 2020. He is already 65. He is only concerned about $. His legacy and history will tell the man.
A conversation implies give and take. Sometimes you have to listen. There is no evidence that you are listening.
But another vacation is more important????
I'm sure #Koch brothers waiting to see the return on their investment aka the @SenateGOP. You have all forgotten you work for WE THE PEOPLE.
The Koch agenda is the new Republican agenda. If you think this is to benefit the working middle class person, you are sadly mistaken.


There  goes our healthcare, OMG
You mean the conversation of 13 multi millionaire white men? Or were you including everyone including your constituents? #Wealthcare
YOU are finished though. You WILL NOT be re-elected, if you haven't been hearing our continuing calls/letters/faxes/etc. #Resist
Dude, you haven't *started* it yet, unless your conversation was meant to include only a couple of dozen Republican senators.
You took that $180,000 from the lobbyists and they expect something for their investment, right Senator?
SAD, bought again, are at $4million yet?
Question: does @POTUS understand how this proposed healthcare bill would work? Be honest!
*giant tax cut
Giant RETROACTIVE tax cut for the 1%
Senator, can you include us, TX constituents in the  conversation? Town Halls would be great.
You, 2 days ago:
I am closing the door. We need to do it this week before double digit premium increases are announced for next year. https://twitter.com/seungminkim/status/879091132994662402 …
Nor have we. (Your constituents)
If you're interested in conversation, why not hold town halls during the upcoming recess? Your constituents deserve to be heard.
Bring your guns, Johnny, you're going to need them!
You say that "WE" haven't finished the conversation but "WE" have never been invited into it! We don't want your socialism or globalism!
Have. A. Town. Hall. You are a public servant. Listen to your constituents. #backrooms #secretbills #coward
17% approval, after 7 years & backroom deals
Good, because it isn't affordable yet!
Maybe you'll get it right next tome
Can we actually make it a conversation? Not the backroom-no hearings-no amendments nonsense you tried this time?
Is it a conversation if you don't listen to the doctors?  Or ANY women?
There is NO CONSTITUTIONAL right for health care. Leave it to Free Market! Let Delusional Democrats own ACA Failure.
.@JohnCornyn, hope you heard this thoughtful discussion on healthcare in America: via @NPR: @KaiserFamFound CEO
Two words: Koch Brothers
We elected you Senators to enact legislation, not take recesses. Stay on the job until it is completed.
If @JohnCornyn said it, 90% chance it is #fakenews. Or, I guess, a lie.
Great idea. When do your constituents get to be part of that conversation?  #wealthcare
We want bipartisan overhaul of Obamacare, not the shit you slung at us.
By looks of the bill, you never started the conversation
What exactly is wrong with you?  You're making everything worse!  So much worse! Serve your constituents!
Cool, you & the other 12 old white guys keep working on your fantasy. But could you get the f*** out of the way so we can solve healthcare?
After the break- try dialogue rather than monologue- takes both sides to have a conversation. Women enjoy conversations - ask a few to join.
No Trumpcare!
I beg of you to be man enough and embody all that is as great as Texas and do not have a hand in the suffering and deaths of those in need.
As the whip, I hope you got @realDonaldTrump and Mitch to give TX a good chunk of that "thisisnotanearmark" chunk of change being dangled...
Do your job and fund ACA.
How can a Christian propose a plan that takes away affordable health care for the poor and vulnerable???
Just admit that you care more about a tax cut for the rich than the health of the people. At least then you wouldn't be a liar. Just a jerk
I know the conversation is not finished. I hope the lying is over though. Tell the truth about cuts Sen. Cornyn.
#NoMoreLies 
#AHCAisIMMORAL

Your nose is really, really red. Explains some of your tweets. John, you will do something to embarrass yourself out of the Senate this yr
This is the real motivation of the Republican Party #cowardcornyn is a liar. In fact, he isn't a true republican. He caved to tea party
BETTER GET IT TOGETHER  IF NOT?? PELIOSI SHUMMER WILL BE BACK.IN MAJORITY..PROMISES GIVEN MUST BE PROMISES KEPT!..WITH PUNY MAJORITY?I WORRY
#cowardcornyn refuses to Town Halls to hear from voters but he knows what we think and does not care. #majorityWhimp #TownHall #traitor
#cowardcornyn consistently places party ideology above the needs and best interest of voters. He represents the healthcare lobby not Texans
#cowardcornyn isn't having a conversation with democrats. He crafts a bill in secret with 13 repubs. No debate or public hearings like ACA
Try checking in with some WOMEN, Cornyn.
Struck out again
Aren't conversations typically two way? Why did the #secret13 lock everyone out? Listen to your constituents and improve ACA
No August recess for you!
You are the WORST human being alive. I can't believe you make our laws. Time for you to go.
Well y r u trying to pass a thoughtless bill when ur still discussing it. U make no sense whatsoever, John.
No shit
And perhaps never finish... Begin working with other senators beyond @SenMajLdr.  Begin to work w/democrats too
LOL What conversation?
perhaps you should have Conversations with BOTH parties, like in a committee setting? You know, normal order!
What conversation? You won't meet with your constituents!!
You misspelled "tax cut for the rich on the backs of the poor, disabled and elderly".
KEEP YOUR PROMISE TO REPEAL OBAMACARE! We don't want Replacement WE WANT WHAT WE HAD BEFORE THIS ABOMINATION!
We haven't finished our opposition to tax cuts for the wealthy by way of causing 22 million to lose health insurance.
There is no conversation. No town halls; he only meets with big donors. We constituents just aren't on his radar.
Must be hard for you to sleep at night knowing poor people still have health care.
It's not a conversation when only one side is talking. #youfucker
By reading these replies I'd say the jig is up, and people aren't fooled anymore. People's lives transcend politics.
"We haven't finished our conversation on healthcare... there are still more people we can kill."
Crooks. Texas deserves better.
I don't think you should be in charge of something this important. You have no healthcare knowledge. Help people. Stop working for insurers
Please keep having the conversation until nobody loses coverage as per the CBO.
Oh I'm well aware you all aren't done yet, not by a damn sight. But neither are we. See you after the 4th. #ResistTrumpcare @indivisibleATX
Hahahahahaha
Resign #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA  #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
The American people have and they're telling you to Fix existing law, not repeal it!
- This time the conversation should include experts, women, experts, Dems, experts, patients, experts, HC workers...
The word conversation implies discourse. We ain't got that, John. You just keep trying to cram a tax cut down our throats.
P.S. - townhall?
Nor are we, your constituents, finished with you!  Prayerfully we will be - come 2020!
Senator,  you n GOP are making it hard for moderate Americans to vote for you ever again! Pls show some leadership to unite all Americans!
Healthcare? Call it what it is-  a tax preamble bill to your "tax reform" fantasy that just happens to repel healthcare for millions -Greed
pass a bill that is the best not some warmed over Obama care
Ezekiel 16
Matthew 23
Matthew 25
Exodus 21

You will hear "Depart from me, ye cursed; I never knew you" from your maker at your judgement. 
Have you started?
Not by far. You greedy, self-serving GOP need to repair Obamacare & stop sleeping with the Ins & Pharma Lobbying Prostitutes. #WeWillPrevail
No overhaul. Just REPEAL!!
#townhall to actually start a conversation
Senator, you have yet to START a conversation with the American people on health care.
I hadn't realize you'd started it yet. Let me know when your townhall is.
Not seeing many positive posts. I wonder if your tweet-weasels hide that fact from you. Maybe they just say, "Wow! Hundreds are responding!"
Conversation. Might want to consult a dictionary (@MerriamWebster) on the meaning of that. #words
Complicit and corrupt at the core. You and the turtle dove less the dove.
If you want conversation, why don't you answer the phone, emails, faxes from your constituents?  No town halls?  #ourvoicesmatter
Loser. Criminal. Toady. Blowhard. Cruel and Evil man. History will not be kind
But your  bill is finished. Hopefully your career also if you vote for it.
Actually repeal Obamacare and pass a free market solution not another socialist program that will bankrupt us. There's an idea.
What's wrong with you guys??? Why can't you sit down with the other side and fix the ACA!?!  It can be done!!
You haven't begun. Come home and hold townhalls
Those conversations should include Democrats but Repubs don't want bipartisanship solutions. McConnell made that clear. Despicable!
No big enought tax breaks for the Koch Brothers yet .No enought people un insured yet
As a Texas voter, this proposed bill hurts my family.   Sit down with Dems and fix ACA please!
Here's the conversation you are looking for! Not a single person has responded favorably to this post. #SinglePayerNow #JustUs
Back to basics, if you drive you have to have insurance.  Medicare for all, everyone must buy in period. Then money out of politics
A conversation? Secret meetings with 13 men is not a conversation.
More like a conspiracy!
perhaps you should hold a town hall? Or twelve?
Care to have a conversation with us Texans? We're here waiting.
You bet your bottom dollar it's not done .. has not even started.  Are you having a town hall in Texas to see what your constituents think?
You are a disgrace.
It's not a conversation if you lock yourself in a room and don't listen to your constituents or anyone who disagrees with your position.
Frankly, I just "like" 90% of replies to you because it's obvious you aren't listening to anything I text/tweet/email/fax/vm @JohnCornyn
No healthcare system that runs solely on profit is a good solution.

One day you'll get what the rest of the world already knows.
Who are you conversing with? Not your constituents who pay the bills and you hide from. Sleazy ins. CEOs, who's pockets you are in maybe????
It is mind-boggling that you complain that 28 million uninsured is too high, so you "fix" that by dooming 49 million to be uninsured.
You didn't HAVE a conversation! That's part of the problem! No public forum at all! Most of your incompetent dirty work was done in secret.
Please ask women to join the conversation. Not rich ones. Urban and rural everyday grandmothers, mothers, students, workers. PLEASE.
Yep, it's not over, opposition cannot let down(for those opposed)
You could "overhaul" a hundred thousand Texans into having no job and millions of us into having no insurance, or you could...

just not.
You are bad at your job. Hope Texans rally to fire you next time.
You aren't willing to have a conversation. You claim to have offered Dems a chance to participate, but you haven't. You are a liar.
Keep an eye on McConnell. He's clueless. If you mean business make him do something meaningful.
Here's a new start to the conversation: "We are taking the tax cuts off the table because the top 10% have done well while others have not."
Senator, our level of hostility to you is roughly proportional to the bad faith and intellectual dishonesty you bring to this conversation
Finished? You haven't even started a conversation about it with your constituents. Come to ATX for a town hall. We have plenty to say.
(1) Ask CBO to score Obamacare right now going forward & compare its score to the new plan. 

THAT's how you sell the new plan.
Congress has had yrs to have this ready. You have Congress & POTUS but are still dragging your feet! Repeal ACA mandates immediately! MAGA!
Hell, we haven't even begun our conversation on health care overhaul. Happy 4th of July!
There is no conversation. It's happening behind closed doors, no dems, no hearings, no testimony.
I'm sorry to hear you won't get your Fourth of July bonus from the Koch brothers for not passing it this week.  Truly.  Sorry.
I am curious, when you do photo ops at hospitals do you walk around and unplug life support machines before you leave?
So will you sit down with the Democrats to hash out a plan?  Whose conversation are you referring to?  How about a town hall?
Maybe one day you will care about your constituents like Heller does.
lets hope SO there is a median that needs to be reached FIX IT work together @PoliticalDiscor @indtx36
We didn't plan on your lack of compassion regarding our healthcare. If YOU wouldn't want the plan for yourself, we don't want it, either!
I realize that your service for The Kochs must be very demanding. But if you can make some room for other folks' interests, much appreciated
Problem is, Cornyn only makes room for Trump's.
what conversation?  you mean your monologue?
Get to work. #GOP has promised for 7 yrs that they would repeal #Obamacare.
Coincidentally we haven't STARTED the conversation with our constituents on what they actually need.
Y'all going to include anyone else this time? Women? Dems? Your constituents?
Noop
Here's the low down dallas news, 2.4m texans lose coverage thanks to this scumbag. here's some more info.
Have you found some puppies you haven't kicked yet?
You never even started the conversation with your constituents Host Townhalls NOW BEFORE voting for this healthcare theft  #StopAHCA #resist
Might be a good idea to make it a bipartisan conversation when it comes to something that affects 1/6th of our economy and every American
We, your constituents, would like to be part of that conversation, too. When will you meet with us for a chat?
Look at you posing with the Russian comrade
how much longer do u need? u already spent years whining over ACA. when time comes to do something about it..nada. more complaints. #useless
We are hellbent on screwing America. - Sincerely, The GOP
You need to START the conversation, a bipartisan one. Don't hide in a closed room, write legislation, and think that's going to work!
No rose garden beer bash for the senate, Sad!
Maybe step back and learn what CA is already doing right, rather than push an atrocity on the American people.
Then I look forward to talking about it with you at your Houston town hall. When is it, again?
Coming to Texas for a Town Hall?
You haven't STARTED a conversation, John. You've lectured and dictated.
Can the nurses, doctors, and hospitals participate?
Sign me up!
Sure, you were ready to vote this week w/out the input of your constituents!  You'll be voted out in 2020.
We haven't finished the conversation on Not repealing the ACA. Make it Wirk. Do Your Job.
Work
Of course not. Don't want to disappoint the Koch brothers do you?
@realdonaldtrump @LBcrats The greatest President in history will be the one to give us single payer health care.
What conversation? You won't talk to us. Oh, you mean the Old White Republican Men Committee. Got it.
#TownHall
Hell yeah #TownHall #IWillDriveAnywhereInTexasYouCoward
If you'd had your way, there would have been no conversation.
