Uh....are you proud of this? You do realize there are at least 66million people in this country that think the entire GOP are crooks & liars
My mistake: 'who KNOW the entire GOP are crooks & liars who choose party over country' and we all vote. How many do you have? Spoiler: <half
Of course he did. Typical party politics. In 2020 we'll find some who can represent all of your Texas constituents.
Of course. Anything to distract from our failing president and the possibility of his collusion with Russia. Get off that sinking ship!
You do realize this article demonstrates what a partisan hack you are who will do anything to support a lying administration.
What is your obsession with the Clinton's?  Move on.  Texas is a purple state, not racist red!
Good to see that Russian hacking of US elections isn't a priority. Thank you for your service.
How about focus on the corrupt president and his good ole white boy's club?  Damn I forget you are a member.  Your days are numbered.
So glad you don't actually read what your constituents write to you on Twitter. Maybe don't focus on yourself and focus on them?
of course u did, instead of being a leader, u rolled over.
Cornyn is a dishonest man who only cares about his donors, not his constituents.
What about the Russians, Senator Cornyn?
You've clearly hitched your star to Trump and not Texas, Senator. Duly noted.
But not on #Russia? Isn't that a little strange considering they attacked us at the heart of our democracy? #complicit
Because if you focus on the elephant in the room you may be under investigation yourself for prior knowledge
So again nothing you talked about was relevant to the hearing. Typical Cornyn
Nice attempt to try to distract from the issue. But as 45 said, it was the Russian thing for the reason, not the Clinton thing.
So since the headline has your name in it you assume it's a good thing? Maybe read the article next time. Oh & #USAb4party
The headline isn't exactly a compliment
Yeah. Exactly. Keep towing that line John, and you'll be out of a job.
Vs what we really care about the connection between Trump and Russia. Work for us not Trump!
You really need to read more than headlines ... otherwise folks will know for sure that you're a partisan fool.
Do you think this is a good thing?
Your attempt to distract from the purpose of the meeting has been duly noted by Texans and will be remembered in 2020. #shameless
2020????It's that long???
2018 for Cruz
#Beto2018 #BetoForTX
Way to go after our Republic being attacked. Not.
Hmm. Read that headline again Senator. 

"Cornyn focuses on anything BUT RUSSIA in the Senate hearing on RUSSIA!!!"
Or "Cronyn doesn't check Apple Watch steps this time but is similarly productive"

*Why* are you focusing on Clinton's emails?

You know, I'm still curious about who sank the Maine. Could you get on that?
Disappointed in how you are treating these hearings.
Senate needs to confirm Trump's FERC nominees ASAP! #maga
This made my day.
His tweet is so stupid!!
No. I think it was the picture you posted that was perfect.
Way to focus on the current issue Senator. Maybe you should revisit suffrage? #stupidisasstupiddoes
Clinton emails??!! Because @JohnCornyn can't stay focused on the real issues. @realDonaldTrump and his band of Grifters
More likely adding up what $ he will bank for screwing over his constituents.
You don't seem to care about Russia attacking the US any more than that pathetic excuse for an AG...speaks volumes about your character.
Your performance yesterday in the AG hearing was woefully underwhelming. I'm ashamed to call you a fellow Texan or my senate representative
Yeah....that's what you really need to focus on.
Because Cornyn has his nose so far up 45s backside he can't see daylight! It is truly disgusting and, as a Texan, I am so ashamed!
I hope this is your last term. Clinton is not the one in question.
you continue to live in the past, not representing your constituents valid concerns about the present? We. Will. Vote. U. Out.
Clinton lost move on! Lets start to focus on the current issues! #76177 #RUSSIA #investigate #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator
Because Cornyn doesn't get It. Thinks treason is acceptable. #Partyovercountry
Why are you proud to ignore the real/current concern of Russian manipulation of democratic process? Does DT pay by the inane post?
This is incredibly stupid. Everyone I know HATES THIS! Fire Mueller already!
Yup - that's the tx Senator actively trying to change the narrative and timeline of events to protect a GOP president. #shameful
I hope your healthcare plan is not as out of touch with your constituents' concerns as these questions were. #ShowUsTheBill
Of course @JohnCornyn focuses on email protocol instead of foreign intervention in US elections. He is all GOP and not USA
Hillary is not at trial here.  Russia is! Democrats are Americans, Russians are not! Quit passing blame and take some responsibility GOP!
Why is it so much of the time I spend apologizing for my state is because of something you or Sweaty Teddy said?
Hey John, have ur staff answer phones.  Ur ?? Were ridiculous. To quote u, the election is over.  The topic was obstruction of law by Trump
How long can you keep blaming Hillary?
Here's what's funny: you think that headline is positive.
@GOP BASTARDS are screwing the American people over.
Why wouldn't u focus on tsk at hand?! Maybe because you're guilty of colluding too?
Why isn't Loretta Lynch being investigated?
#offtopiccornyn #complicit Hold #townhall to find out what your constituents actually think, the people you work for. Hint #NotPotus
Republicans are now the Communist Party
#CowardCornyn is a #traitor #trumpPuppet #PutinPuppet totally useless MOC #BoughtAndPaidFor Always places party over country
You are really gross.
Because he puts party before country.
"Cornyn, who was briefly considered to replace Comey at the FBI"
Holy shit, that's a terrifying thought.
Bless your heart. Please do your job & stop obstructing the investigation.
Shame of the nation and this formerly great state. Racing to the bottom with you, Cruz, Abbott, Patrick et al.
so you're posting this because you're proud?
John,  I am now questioning your patriotism.  We were attacked. By an adversary.  Our democracy is fragile.  Yet,  you do not care.
Your job at this hearing is to hold the AG accountable for his actions. You were pitching softballs. Say it with me: Russia Russia Russia
Cornyn is an embarrassment.  He did the same when questioning Sally Yates.  Time to vote his sorry corrupt ass out of office #maketexasblue
Seriously? The emails? Grow up.
even Nixon + Clinton waived executive privelege . You guys dont even want answers...disgusted that you put party over country EVERY time
In other words, my elected official did his best to divert from the true issue at hand. Did a foreign gov't influence our election?
Komrad Kabuki Theatre , I cant recall, I cant recall, I cant recall, I cant recall, I cant answer, I cant answer, I cant answer.. RUSSIA !!
But you can't see how sessions dodged and ducked and refused to answer questions. WTF
Embarrassing
It's about time somebody does!  Thank you, Senator Cornyn!
Um... 
Absolutely! !! Thank you for honoring your Senate seat! !!

#ACA allowed my son to recv critical op (2nd on brain, he's 4). Also has autism & adrenal fail. Single mom, don't know what I'll do w/o 
Not something to be proud of, Senator.
@GOP only makes people answer ?'s when it's in their interest? Why were you answering the ?'s for Sessions?
Thanks for the article that confirms you are putting party over politics and will defend Trump for anything.  Appreciate the clarification.
In your never ending quest to embarrass and humiliate your Texas constituents, of course you did.
You're embarrassing us all.
Lol John. Move on old news NO ONe CARES about. Why do you deflector, co-conspitor!!  Hmmm what is it John that YOU are afraid of?
Of course you keep babbling about HRC emails. Why don't you want the truth about #trumprussia You embarrassed TX - AGAIN! #CountryOverParty
Choosing party over country. We know. We don't expect any different from you now. #shame
That's what I saw, big John.
Good job John, America is proud of you ... and by "Good job John, America is proud of you" I mean the exact opposite of that.
How about we investigate Trump's sexual assault admissions he made on tape. Or walking in on naked teenage beauty contestants.
Yup. Cornyn is another Trump ass kisser. What a disgrace!
Your proud of that focus? You are no patriot. #CountryOverParty
Where can your constituents obtain a copy of the  DOJ rules about refusing to answer questions in a senate hearing such as Sessions did?
shouldn't you give it up? Perhaps focus on a corrupt government aligned with Russia? #doyourjob
Just more deflection from our TX senator, as usual.
When did you abandon honor and become a partisan hack? Smh.
How 'bout let's focus on Russia interference in US elections. A little less partisanship, a little more defense of American democracy.
The headline could've just as easily read, "Cornyn misses point of hearing." You really need to read articles before tweeting about them.
I would appreciate you taking this situation seriously before it is too late.
Thanks for your supportive comments today.
Do you have problems staying on topic? Do you understand or perhaps you are in cahoots with Trump to bring down our Democracy?
That's because he knows what happened with TrumpRussia connection. Texas can do so much better than Cornyn and Cruz.
Alternate: Cornyn provides cover for his fellow traitors.
Republicans and you are complicit to #TrumpRussia --and just stop it already with trashing affordable healthcare.
again, whateva it takes to please Baby Nixon. he told u to ask about Clinton didn't he?
Yep no concern the Russians hacked our election
Cornyn is a sycophant. A useless, self-serving waste of space in the Senate.
I'm honestly just confused as to why you shared an unflattering article about yourself
He does that quite often. If article says "Cornyn" he shares it.  #2020
.@JohnCornyn Thank you for confirming that you had no clue what the hearing was about.
It's almost like you are purposely not talking about Russian connection during the investigation about Russian connections...
What are you, and the Senate intelligence committee doing to ensure no Russian election meddling next week in Georgia? Or, don't you care?
Cornyn and Trump are BOTH in Putin's pocket, and both doing everything they can to distract America from looking for the TRUTH
Sure must be embarrassing to go to a hearing and not understand what the topic is.
I am looking forward to voting against you in 2020.  You should really focus on the Russian threat to our democracy.  Partisan hack.
I don't think this is meant as a compliment
way to be the last man who still cares about the HRC emails!
Still not concerned about Russia? Choosing trump and Russia over America
Not curious about Russia meddling in our elections?  
Noted
retweet becuz you are proud you don't cover Russia in the Russia hearings? It is traitorous! So is GOP secret bill!!
Nothing on possible obstruction
Good job. Focusing on the wrong thing. 
It seems that Trump, Session, et al have offered different reasons for the firing of James Comey. I believe Trump's reason: Russia
Deflection, whataboutism....
Pretty Russian-y tactics for a Texan.
Obstruction of justice (45) meet obfuscation of hearing (Cornyn); party before country. Townhalls now - where's schedule?
What a waste of time. So embarrassed to have u represent Texas. Add u to the list of people unconcerned with Russia attacking us?
I live in Texas, he's proven to be worse than expected.
Yup. When I tried to call his office, voicemail was full
Ditto.
Ha ha ha ha. You're a fool (well, the Senator is, who knows about the intern who posted this in his name)
You prove my point, stop with HRC, and get on with things that matter
Cronyn has the attention span and focus of a gnat. Nice job sticking to the Russia issues, Senator.
should've focused on Sessions' talk of sanctions w/ Kislyak & perjury for initially lying under oath about meetings, @dallasnews
Senator, you know the Russians hacked into our voting machines, right?  What would Reagan do?  Ignore it?
#CountryOverParty you are not adequately representing the PEOPLE. Do YOUR JOB and STOP being a tRump lapdog
I like how you retweeted this like you're proud you ignored the matter at hand to play partisan politics  bad job
Once again off topic?  It's almost as though you are trying to dilute the investigation.
@JohnCornyn , you DO know this hearing was supposed to be about the Russian hacking our election. Oh, yeah, not on your talking points list
I don't think that's a good thing.
This isn't a complimentary article for you. It shows you were off topic and off focus during this testimony.
You are proud of your performance today? Not so much. Do you have interns posting on your behalf?
THIS IS NOT A GOOD THING! Focus on sanction agreement. Trump campaign offered lesser sanctions on Russian while knowing they hacked the DNC.
Hey John, did you try blocking reporters from being in the halls of the Senate? Won't do a #TownHall & now blocking reporters? #NoShame
shifting focus...very obvious...thinks he is clever and not being caught at his deflection. This is about Republicans and Russians...
Thank you! Please keep it up!
Oh dear, you too have fallen prey to pouncing on anything with your name in it like it's good news. Rethink that strategy.
Why won't the @SenateGOP have healthcare hearings. No hearings, no vote. @SenateGOP @tedcruz
You didn't even read the article! It's not flattering John. Poor guy.  Not even smart enough to read.  No wonder you suck @ representation.
Why won't trump release his taxes?
Thanks for sharing documentation of your incompetence.
How about focusing on your constituents?  YOu know, those you promised and took an oath to serve?  Remember them?  How about that?  Pathetic
- Just b/c ur name in title doesn't mean it puts you in  light. Read the piece. And hire a damn social media mgr!
This "representative" has ruined my state.
Don't give a shit. Session seemed pretty credible. Trump is a mad man and obstructed justice. Do your job.
Yes, I saw, you were completely worthless.  #Trussiagate #GOPTreason #Supermax
You did Texas proud!!! Keep up the great work.
"Cornyn focuses . . . " 

You're even starting to sound/tweet like your lunatic BFF @realDonaldTrump 

Next you'll be mocking the disabled
Red Herring stuff draw attention away from GOP corruption.
Why?
Trump admitted he fired Comey because of the Russia investigation but hey, thanks for wasting everyone's time today, Mr. Partyovercountry.
Minions will be sorry when the New York Att General exposes Trump
It's not about Hillary. It's about the Russian interference in our election. But, you don't care about the country. Just defend the party
When, when, when will YOU demand public hearings w Lynch, Comey, Rice, Powers,Brennan...re their ILLEGAL activities? Isnt @GOP the majority?
Weird that you think it is a good thing to actively work against an investigation.
Hey John. Hillary is not a player anymore. DJT WON. How's that Russia/voter hacking thing going? Keep your eye on the ball dude!
You're an embarrassment. Signed, your constituents.
You need to do what's right and honorable
Don't just focus. Do something. I voted for you in last 2 elections. Still waiting for you to step up.
There are zero John Cornyn voters on thus thread. I wonder how he keeps getting elected... 
Umm...idk but let's go with bribery, graft, voter suppression, lies, special interest lobbyists, and did I mention the voter suppression?
What are you doing to our healthcare?
Put your Country before your Party. Do the right thing.
WHY DON'T YOU GIVE A CRAP ABOUT RUSSIA'S INTERFERENCE IN US ELECTIONS? Please enlighten us Senator, if you have a shred of integrity.
You're proud of this?
Traitor.
Yeah, he would. Cornyn doesn't want working Americans to know the truth about what's going on in Washington. That's why he's not doing job.
Right -  because the real danger facing the country is those emails.
Such a total embarrassment by Cornyn today. I expect a lot more from my so-called "senior senator."
Maybe he thinks "senior" means "about to graduate and no longer cares"
Cornyn trying to establish that Comey firing was because of Hillary. Trump himself has said it was Russia to the Russians.
Is it your life's goal to be remembered as a fool? If so you are an over achiever.
Rest assured, your constituents are focused on Healthcare. #weseeall @IndivisibleTYR @Tylerpaper #turntexasblue
Does anyone care about Clinton emails anymore? Seems like there's more important things going on right now #Russia
Diversion should be a sign of desperation.   Instead, some see it as a way to govern.
