Mistake is believing GOP has a mandate & u refusing represent all ur constituents.
Ur in Gerrymandering bubble that we will bust
No nane calling needed. Tx Governors walked away for 7yrs from millions in Federal funding for Medicaid in the ACA.
.@kateymaeATX @JohnCornyn So OK with you Travis County loses millions in funding AND pays millions to support illegals. What's a "nane"?
Willing do lot to protect vulnerable people. I believe in embracing immigrants, my grandfather came from Hungary
Just a wild guess: he came legally, learned English, assimilated, and was proud to be an American?
He had challenges but climate @ the time allowed him to keep his dignity. Not hater climate of today
"hater climate" because Americans more racist, or because of illegals? Grandad's opinion on illegals?
I'm with her!
How do they remove her from office?
Focus on Public Safety. I like her.
Why can't the Feds just get warrants?
Please explain further Cornyn. Why is this a mistake? Details are helpful.
I do not support this decision.
This is excellent. I'm proud of Travis county Sheriff, and you should be, too. Let's hope Harris County follows!
cut off all funding immediately!! It's our hard weakened taxpayers money needs to go to our citizens!!
Senator, how about holding the Trump Admin accountable? This native Txn wld love to see tweets about that.
#Resistance
Awww, Bet you love golden Trump pee pee showers too! Twatwaffle!
immigrants = humans = human resource, makes sense economically but not to you.
A good woman, with constructive ideas.  Maybe our next senator?
Way to go, Sally! Way to show not all Texans are xenophobic snowflakes!
I'm a constituent in Austin and I disagree with you. Not a mistake.
certainly do not agree with this sheriff's approach. Illegal is illegal.
Is it a mistake, or is she representing her voters - something you don't have the integrity to do
Sanctuary cities need to be outlawed!  They don't care about the safety of American citizens! Ask the Steinle's !
I voted for her. Not holding for ICE on misdemeanor saves taxpayer $$. Will still hold violent felons
wasn't she the libtard suing Perry a couple of years ago. Waste of taxpayers dollars!
@KenPaxtonTX @GovAbbott Go get them!!
You, sir, are a big mistake for Texas.
That sounds like a threat :/
Travis/Austin Liberal Hell Hole voted in Minnie Mouse for Sheriff! Whoaaaa....
Lock her up!
It is the will of the people who elected her. Democracy at work.
this Austin resident would dissagre
hypocritical again, you want small government unless you're the big government.
this lawless behavior will not stop until sanctuary cities and the acts taken by mayors and law enforcement are prosecuted.
She's doing what decent people do! Bravo! I'm a Texan who never fails to vote, btw.
incorrect. This is an effective step toward better LOCAL governance. immigration is down. ur spreading fear 2 win.
No, it's not a "big mistake", because sanctuary city policies protect & save lives. @TexasTribune
Sheriff was elected.  Support local folks making local choices.  Be civil and lead to aid sheriff in her work.
Since the TX GOP loves to invoke Jesus all the time, ask yourself "What would Jesus do?" Hypocrite politicians!
Liberal are against laws.
No one but illegals who commit crimes will be deported and it's only right!
Would you be willing to elaborate on why it's a mistake? Would love a dialogue on the topic
@PatrickSvitek @TexasTribune I thought the GOP was for local control, now you want the Feds & Austin to dictate local policy
@GovAbbott is there a way to take legal action against officials who take illegal actions like this?
“@JohnCornyn: This is a big mistake: Travis County sheriff announces new "sanctuary" policy https://www.texastribune.org/2017/01/20/travis-county-sheriff-announces-new-sanctuary-poli/?utm_campaign=trib-social-buttons&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social … via @TexasTribune” #fb
You're right When oath given to this sheriff It was swearing to UPHOLD all laws not just the ones they approve of
God forbid we follow with our history of supporting immigrant families
It's an even bigger mistake to completely ignore the opinions of your constituency. I completely agree with her.
.@JohnCornyn @TexasTribune Why is it a big mistake? Please share your thinking so we can understand the issues that are of concern.
I'm also curious to know why when we call your local & DC offices we get no answer & voicemail is full
at least one sheriff has  a sense of decency  in texas.
you've got to be kidding, right?  Sanctuary city is synonymous w/ harboring fugitives. It's illegal
Make sure that no federal $$ are sent to Travis County.  We are a nation of Laws...let's act like it.
Yes! Everyone I know is dying to pick fields and dish wash at a restaurant, but all the "illegals" have taken these glam jobs.
Awesome job by Sally to fight for #HumanRights and stop the #DomesticTerrorists in the @GOP
Please explain how so?
Are the "they" you are referring to immigrants?
not trying to trap, just making sure we were talking about the same thing.
But what if they are trying to escape to a better life and they themselves are also hard workers?
She's bringing the proverbial "knife to a gun fight."
defund all criminal supporting cities or counties
@GovAbbott @SenTedCruz Texans EXPECT & WILL uphold you to ENFORCE the #ruleOfLaw on these lawbreakers & arrest them. #Texas
A huge one!
I thought Greg Abbot signed something that prevented Texas from doing this kind of thing?
Lack of immigration reform is the mistake. It's day will come, not in your lifetime, but in the DREAMer's
so much for big govt meddling in small govt!!! Unless it's against Republicans ideology
I live in  Austin and I agree with her.
me too as well as all the women who marched on Sat
Cut the money to her .  I am sick of these defiant people to the laws of our country.  Send her to Sweden
you leave!! you are the one enacting laws that are diff than America has held for decades
Hey John, I'm a constituent and I actually live in Austin. We voted for her. We disagree.
Better mean #ruleOfLaw 4 defying the LAW she took a OATH 2 uphold! Being a Sheriff does not put her above the law.
but states rights!
RE: 'States' Rights.' It is Texas which will act FIRST to w/hold State funding to Travis County.
sure...the feds should stay out of it.
