lying by omission is still lying.   Quit picking & choosing your info.   
#LastTermCornyn 
#PeopleBeforeParty
#HearYourVoters
“Failure of the administration & House to bring certainty & clarity by funding CSRs has caused our company to file a 22.9% premium increase"
The answer is single payer healthcare! We pay significantly more in our broken system. Fix it!!! Healthcare for all not just the rich!
Fake news
Do you even read these replies?  Because you'd be better informed on the issues if you did. Unless you are being willfully ignorant.
Either you don't understand the layers of affordable healthcare for a nation or your gas lighting-most likely both.
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION!
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!
Your a snake in the grass. What are you up to now?
Fake news
So fix it. Your plan makes it worse!! Facts are facts. Fix the ACA.
Let me explain this real simple. When your motor and transfer is blown on a rust bucket. You don't fix it you replace it.
With a car you bought off Craigslist that has a shitty sonsumer rating because fuck it! mansplainer.
Fake news.
And you're aware premiums will increase with AHCA?
That only means the GOP tying of the SecHHS hands to soften increases has worked. Or do you think we're dumb?
We wouldn't have to worry about premiums if we had #MedicareForAll
Fake news!
Replace flawed Obamacare with universal health care. America deserves better
Fake news
So your answer is just make insurance a product for rich people.
Calling Sen Cornyn:  Texas now has largest pool of UNINSURED people in the country.  Take care of your own before pointing finger at others.
So far, the Republican healthcare plans suck balls. What most Americans want and the only thing that will help is Single Payor

I'm totally against repealing The ESTATE tax. If u vote for this, we will know u care nothing for average Americans
Fake News
Because YOUR GOP sabotaged Obamacare, Mr. Cornyn. How stupid do you think we are?!?
Fake news
With the majority in Congress since 2010, you've done nothing to make it better. You own these results. Now own the improvement or step down
How will Trumpcare remedy that?
Are you going to have a Townhall so your constituents can actually talk to you? Considering the last three weeks, we need to talk. #Townhall
Or your bill could throw 23MM off ... as long as the rich white men still have insurance all is fine right?
MO didn't expand medicaid. I wonder if there is a correlation?
Because you and your ilk have been stabbing the ACA in the back since it's inception. Do your fucking job.
I would like to know how much the roadblocks that the GOP added to the ACA influenced those hikes?
yes we know...where is gop leadership??? blaming democrats rather than working on solutions.
So what has the rep congress done to actually fix it in that time? Voting to repeal does not count as fixing.
What had they done in the previous four years?
Another state that refused Medicaid. You keep conveniently forgetting that, as you fought hard to battle against any Obama-generated program
john- why not talk about GOP plan ? cant ? wont ? prefer to deflect? tell us at a Town hall why we cant have Universal HC that costs half
Solution is ending Medicaid, replaced with #MedicareForAll . Personal responsibility combined with universal risk pool. Single fixed premium
Calling Sen. Cornyn: have a Town Hall and see what your constituents want!
This is like talking smack before the game is over...all indications are your replacement will fare much worse...and so will Americans...
Calling @JohnCornyn fix it and quit pointing the finger, you are in power now.
Your NOT from Missouri. Let there senators worry about it. #work4TEXANS
I wish republicans would be honest and state their belief that everyone is not entitled to healthcare, especially the poor & middle class.
Alternative facts, John.
Oh John, your pathetic desperation is showing.
Trump Russia investigation
- 800%. vs 145%:  Single payer, public option, fix ACA - all good options. Blaming ACA when u r in driver's seat? Stupid. #Fail
Which insurance companies pay you? Is it one or many?
yes, and Texas is a shining example of great healthcare. Good job.
Did Missouri expand Medicaid under the ACA?
Calling John Corning per CBO TRUMPCARE raising rates 800%
Correlation is not causation
you didn't finish your tweet explainin that GOP is at fault for trying to kill ACA over and over again.
I call absolute bullshit on this number without a proper link to the data.
I'm not paying the WSJ to find what out of context number they're manipulating in order to give cover to Republicans.
However, looking at Kaiser data, the premium increase in St Louis is something like 8% per year over that time period.
2621 days
2621 days @GOP had to care for Americans
2621 days for #Trumpcare #Failure
2621 days
Any employer on earth would fire you all
And it would be higher if ACA was not introduced. Premium increases slowed

Work across the aisle to fix problems, don't burn the house down
You don't know how to be honest and you insult us with these ridiculous half truths all the time, all the while refusing to meet with us.
Calling Sen. Cornyn: Texas passed up on $100 billion by not expanding Medicaid thanks to your friend Rick Perry.
What is your plan 2 lower premiums @MSNBC @IndivisibleTeam @RepRWilliams @SenTedCruz @TXDemWomen @IndivisibleVA @TxBlackDemocrat
Imagine how much they would have gone DOWN if you guys included a public option. You have no solution sir that will bend the cost curve 
We get it. The GOP supports insurance company profits over the health of Americans. You're a boring broken record.
Insurance is up because hospitals can charge whatever they want and price gouge the private payer market.
Be s part of bipartisan solution. Not a part of the negative info & complaints. 
Of course you are talking about states that specifically tried to thwart the benefits provided by Obamacare
Can you also provide the same numbers between 2004-2007? Seems important context for your argument. #ACA #ACHA
and you'd prefer to throw 23 million old people and poor off health care while saying you're pro-life. GFY, a-hole.
@SenateDems had 8 years to fix Obamacare. Stop  the figure pointing and FIX now.
Texan on Exchange here w/ monthly insurance: Comp  insurance:$165  Insurance:$125.00 and Health:$270 minus $128.00 tax credit =$142. (1/1)
Knowing I won't go bankrupt if something happens to me is priceless. Improve ACA and stop making insurance CEOs billionaires
At some point we Americans have to decide if we are a community or a collection of individuals.
Dems see us as a large community- everyone must contribute to get the services we want. Rs see us as individuals. You are on your own.
Don't be disingenuous, John. You know this is only part of the story. And the AHCA will only make things worse. Read the CBO report.
Weird how you conveniently leave out the part when republican leaders in Missouri have been sabotaging it on purpose.  Why not be honest?
Calling the CBO: your Republican healthcare plan will leave even more Americans uninsured than before Obamacare took effect.
If you want to continue to be my senator you better start supporting trump
STOP SABOTAGING PEOPLES LIVES. Missouri one of unhealthiest places IN MODERN WORLD. Stop tricking these poor people into dying. Greedy prick
You can tweet about Obamacare with no decent replacement, but can't tweet a single thing about #TrumpRussia? Disingenuous. Stop ignoring it.
Your solution?
Deep red state sabotage Johnnie, America sees through your bs.
Doesn't that mean companies were profiting off of the mandate that all Americans were required to have health insurance?
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION?
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!

Propose just one solution to anything...just one.  I double-dawg dare you.  You're incapable of governing. Just a simpleton rock thrower.
You've pretty much described the entire modern @GOP ...They are simply incapable of governance, only obstruction & rock throwing. That's it.
Lying by omission again!!!  Missouri didn't take the Medicaid expansion which keeps premiums down! Read the CBO - some premiums up 800% !!!
And how much did it go up BEFORE ACA? Honesty with statistics please. PreACA inflation was 8-9%, post ACA was 6-7%
ACA didn't tackle costs because of fear of medical industry lobbying. How will the GOP deal with that problem? You're now the driver.
Then fix it John Cornyn that's your job now!
800% beats that all to hell, doesn't it?
