We deserve to know where you stand on sanctions for Russia.
And this, right after our elections were hacked? Who does this? Guilty parties.
Tillerson is considering closing the State Dept.'s entire cyber office, limiting people who work on cybersecurity. http://politi.co/2tc74Nk 
This. 
Don't care! TOTAL REPEAL
Yet allows Russian diplomats to return to the US after the obvious act of war
<<<<< Healthcare failure misdirection.
Perhaps you could comment about the continued gutting of the State Dept?
Thanks Obama!
Hey look at this shinny object!! ... stop with the diversions. Repeal and replace OCare. Or voters repeal & replace congress
And Russia? We do realize this is not as egregious as Benghazi (insert eye roll here), but what IS that plan for Russia sanctions?
In other words, the Iran deal is working.
When will unveil sanctions on Trump? You have no patriotism left in your soul.
What about new Russian sanction?
Where are the new Russian sanctions? They recently attacked our democracy and according to rest of world, Iran is meeting terms of accord.
Eventually (Republicans) will get something done. @POTUS
When will you start listening to us? Now that your horrible healthcare bill was defeated?
Bless your heart.
Sanctions on Iran, but we are giving everything to Russia?  Traitors!!!!
More importantly, what is your stance on the Russia sanctions? When are they going to be approved?
But who cares about Russia, right? Let's just give them everything they want because #Kompromat.
Just cancel the nuke agreement! Iran is a terrorist country!!! Bomb their sites!!!!
Did Putin sign off on it? If not, @realDonaldTrump may need to get his signature first.
how about telling us what u are doing re Obamacare?
You should be pushing Russian sanctions.  Iran IN COMPLIANCE with agreement.  Russia meddled in our election and will again.  FOCUS!!
BREAKING: @SenSanders & @RevJJackson join hands to #resist Trump’s Vote Thief-in-Chief http://www.gregpalast.com/sanders-and-jackson-join-hands-to-take-on-trumps-vote-thief-in-chief/ …

@POTUS makes a billion dollar deal with a country who supports terrorists but that's ok??
Why hasn't the GOP(who controls both houses)put tough Russian sanctions in place? What are you doing to prevent election interference in 18?
Exact right policy, they are living up to nuclear agreement, leave that be, sanctions for other things.

Catering to war mongers?
whoopee do...
Yeah, we do care. We care about equal justice under the law and about reopening the investigation into HC's emails in light of new info.
#TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump #Resist
FLASHBACK: Don Jr. July 24, 2016. On the Clinton campaign's claims that the Russians were helping Trump: "It's disgusitng. It's so phony." 
#TrumpRussia #25thAmendmentNow #25thAmendment #TrumpRussiaCollusion #ImpeachTrump #Resist
Bush 43 WH ethics lawyer on NYT story/Donald Trump Jr. and Kushner meeting with Russian lawyer: “This borders on treason” via @MSNBC 
How about revealing a new health care plan? The middle class is suffering financially because of Obamacare and you guys do nothing!
So we are capable of imposing sanctions, with the exception of Russia.
how do they benefit him.?So now that you are part of his business are you changing titles? Senator to Chief of complicency
One word: RUSSIA????
And what about the Russians?  When are you going to speak with true Texans and address their concerns with healthcare.  You need to listen.


Quit changing the subject. What about Russia in the White House?
Russia-a-Lago. Senator this will NEVER go away
Disconnect-announce they are following the agreement and then punish for following! Is this simply another bash Obama policy? #SAD#BIGLY
What about Russian sanctions?
Have you cleared your voicemail yet? Not that you care what we have to say. Also - Russia, Russia, Russia
While you're at lunch, ask 45 for his plan for healthcare. If it's sabotage of ACA, you really need to let folks know.
New Russian sanctions are needed for helping rig the election for trump.  Nyet, on giving back compounds seized.
In tax reform; reduce or remove taxes on corps in healthcare industry & drs & all healthcare wrkrs. Watch services expand & costs plummet
Because President Trump is fighting hard for our Democracy. D.C. Is fighting hard for wealth redistribution, globalism and centralized power
Makes no sense.
What about Russian sanctions? Do you even care abt that? The people of TX care & we want them out of our WH.
How much is @realDonaldTrump paying you to crow incessantly about his Non-Achievements?
So, do you think he's gunning to run in 2020? Or to be Pence's VP?
http://ir.net/news/politics/126123/report-trump-jr-s-russia-meeting-recorded-intelligence-agency/ …. Article on Junior being recorded by intel agency in meeting w/Russian. Read
Where are the Russian sanctions?
Do you think people don't notice the space you occupy. Would be nice to see something done, no lip service, no complaining just real work
Russia Russia russia
Before or after re-certifying OBama's Iran deal?
Town Hallthis weekend?
But not to his home country of Russia? Shame on him.  Besides many know his loyalty is to Vlad.
Sounds great!!  And how's that working out for you?
Will @SpeakerRyan bury it in comittee to like russia sanctions?
Resign...
Cool.  Why are they still trying to get rid of the Russian sanctions?
