@JohnCornyn do you really want what's best for America? Seems like it's only about the Republican Party for you. #ashamedyourmysenator
It did, but while you criticize Comey for "leaking" what was a conversation he was involved in (the actual memo wasn't leaked to media) /1
you or one of your colleagues leaked the Comey letter to the press, probably that weasel Jason Chaffetz & that helped flip the election /2
so the Republicans & Putin are on the same team (something @SenJohnMcCain doesn't seem to get. Why would @HillaryClinton collude w/Russian/3
hack her own emails & leak to press?) /4
Why on Earth would you trumpet this? Stop fanning flames and govern.
Remember when you stood for something?
Sen, this is deflection, pivot, and distraction from real news. Your neglect to protect US democracy endangers your political career - 77030
Ditto from 75440. Even deep east Texas is watching you.
Chiming in from West Texas - 79908. I'll be supporting Castro for your seat in 2020.
Chiming in from DFW area... this girl from 76065 will be supporting someone who can defeat @tedcruz and @JohnCornyn !
@BetoSenate2018 is running against Cruz. I can assure you that he is a great rep - town halls and bipartisan work. He cares about us.
@BetoSenate2018 has my vote! Trying to spread the word! It's past time for @tedcruz to go! @BetoORourke is the one to defeat him!
SO WHAT? It's over! Comey's not partisan and you should be focusing on the PRESENT situation. #CountryOverParty
Yea back when you like Comey Senator!
The 2016 election is over, perhaps you didn't know.  But in 1,240 days your stupidity will cost you an election
Remember when you were actually a decent senator? Yeah me neither
You tweet so much wrongness, and yet keep on. Why are you hiding the healthcare bill? @SenatorCollins said it's "obviously superior" 1/
Why not have a hearing or maybe even two? Everything you accused, you're now doing. Hypocrisy is all the GOP seems to know these days.
It's sad. I was a conservative Republican for many years, but am now a moderate Democrat. I can't stand the way Rs act. Aside from Kasich /1
they're pretty bad, partisan, hypocritical, don't care about American ppl, only their own party and special interests & playing politics. /2
Not sure you realize what an embarrassment you are.
What I don't remember is the last time it seemed like you cared about serving your constituents or protecting the country.
Virginia is right Sen Cornyn
We remember. We also remember when our senior Senator refused to do his job investigating the white supremacists in the White House.
All because the clown running the show has a "R" beside his name.
No it did not - the Comey letter is not why people in penn, mich, and wisc voted for trump- it was trumps message on jobs going overseas!
It is so sad that you are just a shill for this failed President
You sound just like Trump .Blame Clinton The Election is over.When do you care what Russia did to us ? When do you stand up for America
When?  Sen Cornyn
So hard for you to tell right from wrong.
Not her horrible 30-year record.
For f**k sake John.. enough with this Clinton crap.. it's over. She's not running again.. move on! Focus on that pathological liar in chief
Yep.The man does what he believes is in the best interest of the country, no matter who likes it,or who it costs. = Integrity.Try it.
uhhhh ...because they are all in the tank for dems , all lefties
Can you please remember you work for us, Texans.  You do t work for the GOP or for the president.  You work for us.  Have a town hall!

Ooh! Is Resistbot working again?
Worked Saturday. Has it been down?
It went down House AHCA vote bc of so many people on it. It hadn't given me daily reminders since, so I thought it was still down! Hooray!
Ahhh yes I do remember that. All good now!!
Yes. We do. Doesn't change the probable obstruction of justice committed by your dear leader.
I think the correct adverb is "cowardly" not "dear".
I have given up on you, Senator.  Your questions (but the emails) at Comey hearing were last straw.  #outin2020
Deflect, deflect, deflect from your WEAK President and your WEAK and IMMORAL wealthcare plan.
Media is more interested in today's news, John. Get with the program.
yes we remember & we still believe Comey over comrade trump, all day long! You are a traitor with all this crap
Because it didn't cost her the election. The American voters cost the election.
You are a traitor to your constituents! The Russians are in OUR house! We pay you don't you forget that mister.
Are you getting a bonus to dirty Comey?
And???  What about Russia and their interference in the election? Don't you care that they did?
The Cruz campaign should hire you since only you could make Ted seem likeable by comparison.
I'm an independent.I can think Comey cost Clinton the election & that Comey discovered horror he created when Trump warned him off Flynn.
Remember when GOP put country before party? Yeah, me neither.
Shilling for Putin?
Watching closely from 77511 #CountryOverParty
It may come as a surprise to someone as partisan as you, but it's possible to disapprove of Comey's actions before the election /1
...but also disapprove of a power grab by POTUS to bend Comey to his will after the election. You know damn well that you'd be beating /2
...the impeachment drums if roles were reversed and Clinton had tried to railroad FBI director in this way. We see your sham for what it is
Well that and Russian interference....which apparently you are okay with because it got your boy elected!
This tweet is everything that's wrong with politics in the USA.
Does not excuse treason, colluding with an adversarial power,  shredding ethics laws along w/constitution. Stop #Partyovercountry
Don't forget @realDonaldTrump and the Russians.
#worstsenator #voteyouout
Why are you smearing Comey? You seem unconcerned about Russia's interference in our country. What are you hiding, Senator?
And we'd like to see the details of AHCA bill you're about to pass w/out an open hearing. Peoples' lives are at stake, you know.
Why are you not concerned about  the Russians' cyber  intrusion inUS elections, etc?! U bring up HRC?! What is wrong with you?
Comrade, why are you lying and distracting and manipulating to favor @realDonaldTrump We begin to think he has you by the balls @txlege 
What is your point here, Senator?
I remember when public servants served the public not special interests.
If Russians would have interfered & got @HillaryClinton elected you'd throw the biggest hissy fit. Cause it's 'your guy' you're not bitching
The Russians cost her the election
Remember when? We had a president with integrity, intelligence, and morals? Less than 5 months ago #ImpeachTrump.
Do you have a point?
Remember when you were considered a leader who loves his country more than his party. Me either.
Why are you bringing up (1) election and (2) Hillary?
Trying to hide something or change the subject?
It would be great if you would stop the distraction game and start listening to your constituents. This act you have going is just pathetic!
- You desperately need a social media mgr. You & 45 fail to grasp your tweets can & will be used against you.
If the healthcare bill y'all are drafting is so awesome I would expect you to be talking about that. Instead distractions and deflections.
That's right ...deflect and distract from your lover boy trump.  He is going down and hopefully take you and others with him #texasblue
We are far less interested in litigating tainted election outcomes, issues at hand are far more serious; striking at root of democracy.
So now you admit it may have cost her the election to get us to not believe him now. That's pathetic
You need to focus on protecting our democracy, not political agenda that serves you and your buddies.
Remember when Trump's approval rating were about 40%  Why are you focusing on Clinton?  Work on getting Russia out of our poll booths!
Comey is one of the few in government today trying to actually serve the nation.  Country before Party before Politics.
John: What's your point, boy
Lock him up
Yes, and I just want to know what's in your healthcare bill. I trust that Mr. Mueller will adequately handle the Trump/Russia situation.
An enemy has invaded us through technology and interfered in our election process. WHAT ARE YOU DOING ABOUT IT, SIR?  WHAT?
And the memos will cost Trumpnthe presidency.
Remember when Senators cared about their constituents and not their own agenda? Didn't think so.
Who cares? If Comey behaved in a manner independent of partisan politics baloney then, it tends to speak to his credibility now, Senator.
78240 here. Why do you insist on bringing up Hillary? Your constituents have moved on to more pressing matters- Russia & Trump. Pay attn!
This certainly  does not reflect an honorable senator looking for truth about Interference in our Democracy by a foreign aggressor!
When is GOP going to pull their heads out of time machine?All @JohnCornyn and GOP can do is relive past Obama and Clinton topics.Do your job
What does that have to do with 45's obstruction?
What goes around comes around.
We remember. Are you acknowledging the damage it did? You are complicit.
You wont get my vote this time
Seriously, step up your game. I mean, let's drag out Fast & Furious for some serious nostalgia.
What's your point?  The election is over. Your guy won and has been lying and destroying America since. Congrats
Remember when trump officials colluded with Russians nearly his entire cabinet involved in investigations? OH YEAH THATS RIGHT FUCKING NOW
Remember when? Senator Cornyn wasn't a disgrace to Texas? Yeah, me neither...
= @JohnCornyn
How about worrying about the Russia's interfering in our election, because you have little to say about that in public Intell Comm hearings
Oh but her emails! What about the #RussiaSpiesInTheWhiteHouse
And your point, Senator? That can't be undone and right now the thing that matters is getting to the bottom of your parties big mess. Not HC
Do you think us liberals are supposed to rally behind the decision to fire Comey because it's his karma for Clinton's loss? #NotGonnaHappen
And you will cost the country it's democracy
Not sure what youre trying to do, john. Divert attention so we will forget about the biggest problem...i.e. russian involvement in our gvmt?
People in 78216 are tired of your partisan bullshit. Stop putting party before country or you will surely be voted out.
goiing back to story resurrects illegitmacy concerns abt Trump's election. Wanna go there? Dems moved. U r stuck in denial
The focus is TrumpRussia bank connection to Putin
Okay, yes... and?
77042 here, your constituents are watching as you stand up for the man who has made a laughing stock of our beautiful country. Shame on you.
2012, Romney, republican presidential candidate: Russia is our biggest threat.
2017, republicans: Russia interfered with election? Meh...
Good to see you agree life would be better if Clinton were president.

And you're trying to redirect attention to 8 months ago. Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain. 3/3
Will Chaffetz  be arrested for leaking that letter?
I remember that when that letter was released @realDonaldTrump wasn't calling him a liar. #TrumpMustTestify
AHCA is wrecking healthcare & Medicaid for massive tax cut for rich. Sounds like Trump really doesn't want us looking into Russia 2/
What questions do you have for AG? The People have the right to know what Senators are thinking in a Republic.
It's time for your lemonade now old man.
Withdrawing from Paris shows you idiots put party before planet. Yes I remember, but there's a lot more concerning stuff happening now 1/
Stop trying to discredit Comey. #TREASON #corruption #fakepresident #enablers #TrumpObstructed
Just when I thought you had shifted your obsession from HRC to Comey, you pull her back in again. #blinders #Hypocrite #resist #DoYourJob
And I will vote against you. 77007.
So what. That doesn't make Comey a liar. You should know better. I think you do, you just have no shame. I can't wait to vote against you.
People can believe Comey was wrong in Clinton case and still find his testimony believable, compelling and very disturbing.  #CoverUp
You just can't grok the idea that someone might put sense of duty to country above party, can you John?
Why are you tweeting should be out golfing with @realDonaldTrump , no issues in the country right now
.@JohnCornyn And Senator, remember all you tweeted about when you are on the wrong side of history in this matter. #TXVoter
Your god sees through your actions. 

Hope you're all squared up, cause you knockin on them pearly gates gramps.
Want to actually do your Job?
You guys praised him at the time and then fired him over it? Please Senator Bedfellow, explain that bit of partisan rationalization!
Hillary cost Hillary the election!
Now Comey probably cost @POTUS his job and the @GOP administration. #BigLeagueTruth
Which makes the GOP's characterization of him not make a lot of sense, huh? It's almost as if you guys are full of shit and making it all up
You can't hide behind HRC forever. More important things RE:  #showusthebill #AHCA #ACA #TrumpRussia. Ready for that townhall on HC yet?
Your leader's words. I have serious concerns RE: #AHCA + daughter w/ASD + family w/pre-exist + self-employed. Our HC is on the line.
I thought this was gov for the people by the people? Do your constit. concerns matter? You took  input, but  picked what you shared.
I know many ASD parents  you & were ignored. This is why we want townhalls. If you treat constit. like the enemy, we won't be kind in '20.
Remember when your name was being thrown around as FBI Dir? You would have made a shittier DIr  than Trump as POTUS, and THAT says a lot
Let's debate the honesty of the top law enforcement person in the country because he exposed Trump lies OR we could talk about #trumprussia
Remember when Prez was told about Russia's interference in  elections n the Prez was not concerned except what Intel had on his involvement?
Are you a Senator or a Russian bot? Because I don't see anything you've tweeted that proves you are human, or American.
I think it's time to do a Voight Kampff test.
It’s your birthday. Someone gives you a calfskin wallet. How do you react?
Are you saying that it didn't cost Hillary the election? Is that the point? Please elaborate Senator Bedfellow.
Maybe he's trying to express his longing for Clinton & regret for Trump, but can't just come out and say that
Numbers still say that. Doesn't detract from Trumps questionable behavior. Where is your equal concern for that?
O should've fired him for preempting Lynch, but both were afraid of optics to HRC campaign. Oops.
How about Trumps and the @GOP use of Russian tactics and spreading of disinformation and the attacks on our election? You seem desperate
Each time you defend Trump, you're giving us one more sound bite when he goes down in flames. "John, who put party over country. A traitor!"
Ha yeah he probably buys gold from those commercials on Fox News.
Yes, we remember @jasoninthehouse released info about the Comey letter via Twitter. Was that your pount?
Remember when you had any integrity? Yeah, me neither.
This tweet is pitiful & transparent. 
You don't care about the election, just like you don't care about the Russian infiltration of US govt.
Most people aren't that naive. Comey has more integrity and honor on the bottom of his shoe than you will ever have. But Russia on election?
Remember when the Trump camp colluded with a hostile foreign govt and the republicans were complicit? History is going to remember.
Remember when you sat on the Senate investigatory committee about #TrumpRussia and kept bringing up Hillary emails? #StepfordSenator
If your brain functions the way it should, this can be still be true AND trump is an authoritarian thug  who you support for some reason
And your point is...?
The point is you whiners want it both ways. Typical liberal hypocrisy. It's just pathetic.
mhm. Remember when Trump asked Comey to pledge loyalty to him and to end the Flynn investigation?
Winter is coming, John.  Get ready.
Why isn't the GOP holding hearings on the healthcare bill?  Why is this bill being crafted in the dark behind closed doors? What r u hiding?
Senator, I realize you can't understand that some people put service to the nation above party politics, but try to at least pretend?
People can think both a) Comey's letter was a bad idea and b) his testimony was very troubling. Not you, as people are just a means to you.
Also. Math is hard and the universe is an asshole. What about protecting our country against Russia?
I think he should have been fired over that, right then.  It doesn't mean that I call him a "nut job" or accuse him of lying.
It was a set up to get trust from rep so he could stay fbi and leak info
remember when you said you were gonna do right by your constituents and by the people of the United States? you stand behind a traitor/45
Lol, so now you think the comet letter cost the election? What about all your garbage about how she's full of excuses. We remember John.
Remember when Comey said Trump broke the law and lied about it, it could probably cost him his presidency.
Yes, but doesn't mean you roll over when he exposes obstruction of justice. If FBI Clinton email investigation was valid, so is Trump/Russia
And my god the GOP is working hard to paper over the failures of a president from your party. Will it be worth the price?
Theyre ok with selling their country out
Clinton lost because we the people did not vote would not vote for her. COMPRENDE?
The election is over.  We have bigger fish to fry now.  Our Democracy is in danger.  Focus, sir.
Why are you still rooting for #TeamTreason ?
He's going down w the Titanic.
Does anyone forget this?  How is it germane to the obstruction of justice undertaken by Donald Trump?
To bastardize a quote from Poe: Quoth the craven, evermore, evermore. Your game is weak, Senator. As are your principles.
There you go again.  When you can't logically defend Trump, it's "but Clinton". Give it up already

Quite an eyebrow-raising pic of Trumpsters
