those regulations keep us safe and protect is from a repeat of 2008 bank collapse their worth the 2.8   billion
Regulations that keep our water supply safe and our air breathable. Great job John.
why do you not care about our future or our children? Do you not fully understand #climatechange or is this malice?
wow you're really proud about reg. Cuts now our water will be destroyed #votehimout2020
"expected" savings. but the net results r what matters & there's still that pesky multi-billion $ wall and stuff
And screwed the country in the process. NIIIICCCE!
and spent how much on housing Melania and going on vacation, and sending sons overseas?  He'd better cut more.
the majority of it taken away from SNAP. Really nice. Taking food from the mouths of children. Good thing to be proud of.
Yep, and it's all going to be spent on investigations of his treason. #removeTwitler #impeach #stickylittlefingers
41M hours of paperwork... was that 41 million people that you took SNAP benefits away from..."they no longer file?"
Got to pay for SS protecting the First Lady in NYC,  Pentagon renting Trump Tower, POTUS vacations at Mar-a-Lago.
But who benefits and who suffers from these cuts?
John, do you travel by coal powered train? @dcexaminer
You can't eat or breath money. Did we learn nothing from Scrooge?
and taxpayers will spend many billions more cleaning up the mess you, @realDonaldTrump & @GOP are creating.
My favorite one is covering up for who oil companies pay for foreign http://oil.Like  Exxon Moblie
2.8 Billion at the inauguration too!
Yes, and we'll all love that taste of coal in our water and the soot on our faces after we swim. Thx, NO THANKS
thanks for sacrificing our long term protections for a quick buck.
I'm more concerned that you aren't investigating RUSSIA and how they are meddling in our Sovereignty!  #Investigate
But who will keep our air breathable in Beaumont? Profits over people?
Cornyn supports coal mines dumping waste materials into rivers & streams. Coal mining deserves to die.
is that like not reporting payments to foreign governments and arming mentally ill people?
Please!  How much is that 'wall' going to cost? Or when millions don't have health? Or the ban. I could go on.
Maybe there was something else the @GOP could have cut?
BREAKING: Trump aides were in constant touch with senior Russian officials during campaign, multiple sources say http://cnn.it/2lIROHW 
the cost of these regulations will cost more money in the long run regulations are to protect shouldn't be proud
which have helped slow tax refunds and adversely affected consumer spending. Congrats
such BS, Admin Proc Act gives agencies rule-making procedures. Congress then exercises oversight. Nonsense.
who cares? Investigate trump ties to Russia!
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer it's going to cost peoples lives, but what do you care? The GOP lacks empathy. #shame
How is this a good thing?  Government is the word for the things a people choose to do together.  Like build roads.
Hello? Are you aware of what is actually going on in Washington right now?
so when Trump said he paid you a lot of $ on 1-19-17, what kind of work were you doing for him? Was it American or Russian $ ?
How much are the kids worth who will get cancer from toxic waste?
you mean 2.8 billion to allow corrupt people to take advantage of the middle class.
will you help the American people get the Russian Moles out of the Whitehouse?
Don't count the dollars count the bodies.
I and millions of voters are ashamed of this congress & this #45. No honor  No principles  complicity is guilt.
ah your Texas math. Answer your phone.
is that so you can spend it on the ridiculous wall? Instead of things like education, poverty reduction, NASA, etc?
I bet the people that were robbed of their homes in the fin. crisis, are really wanting less regulation. #SwampThing
I like clean air and water, don't you?
Who wants clean drinking water and air anyway... I bet the kids in Flint, MI wish they had a fee more regulations.
"Potential".....so where is my tax refund? Or did it all go to corporations and the wealthy? Waiting for a check.
Excellent! When are you going to cut my taxes in half? Keep your promises!
Please get your priorities straight. I'm a real constituent with real concerns and I need you to have a #TownHall and listen.
So who benefits from the deregulations? Big business or the average American? #resist
wow and u bragabout it How many kids has the GOP helped out of poverty or housed homeless vets. Great for corps& ur wallet
free for all so the economic bubble can resume and make some really fat pockets, at the cost of the working class!
i bet you are not even reading this. Won't even be bothered to listen to his constituents
at the expense of our country's well being. Party before country, right?
Wait a few years, then tell us how much it cost America in injuries, damages, lost wages...
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer inevitably leading to billions lost to fraud & corruption. S&L crisis in 80s, Enron et al in 90s,  CDS/CDO in 00s
and Russian oligarchs will be profiting even more from American energy coms & we won't need to be informed! Thx!
town hall
and how much is going into Trump's and GOP pockets? This will not help middle America. GOP Party over country. Shame
Thanks for the reminder about your priorities. I feel so much more free already.
n u still hav not said anything about POTUS 45 n what has happen btwn him n Flynn. i want to c his taxes
So this is worthy of bragging about? The GOP loves to blame regulators despite the fact they are there to protect us; unlike you
hope every penny is spent on ACA. Will need it with all of the increased pollution
give me a fucking brake
how much will it cost to clean up the environment later?
that's not true- the effect can't be measured like that and you know it
Not proud of this. But let's keep talking about Russian invest. Why have they been on our porch all day?
investigate already. You & GOP dragging ur feet. Today u say ull invest. What is the timeline? What is happening?
constituents want to know.
Oh good, that may offset a fraction of the cost to taxpayers when he's impeached. Until then the money goes towards his golf exp
Senator, you cant dismiss your constituents forever. When is your next town hall? #TownHall
the same regulations created to prevent another mortgage crisis? Or the ones that protected our water and air? Great
No. they haven't. Because the ultimate cost will be much higher. God have mercy on their souls. They will answer.
Russian collusion is the only story.
Makes 0 sense, regs not fees
Example though is..Coal ind. saves $ cause no regs & now can dump black coal in rivers
Comrade Cornyn! We have other things to worry about.
Has this number been peer reviewed by any organization? I ask because Google couldn't find any. Come to Texas, John!
Only to be spent on weekly trips to Florida. Guess golf and schmoozing R more important than caring for citizens
and increased pollution, gun crimes, corruption, etc. #SoProud
Maybe... But most of that comes from regulations that keep coal waste out of people's water. Rich today, poisoned tomorrow.
Sen. Cornyn, you and your colleagues need to get your priorities in order.
So you cut jobs and are hoping for another 2008 depression only worse. https://www.nytimes.com/2011/01/26/business/economy/26inquiry.html?mwrsm=Twitter …
$2.8 billion cut and 30 billion to pay for all the cleanup! #climatechangeisreal you know not what you do JC!
at what other cost? Polluted air? Polluted water?Polluted land?Safety?Civil Liberties?Lay it out for us sir.
TRUMPS "The War on the Poor" you mean.  And the Washington Examiner?? Your due diligence sources lack credibility
and his travel bill is $9 million a month
but we are paying $3 million every weekend for @POTUS to golf and $3.5 million a week for his family to live in NYC!
And how much have they cost us in national security?
thanks for allowing coal companies to dump waste into rivers. That "stream protection rule" was just killing free enterprise.
also excited for that Conflict Mineral Rule to come down in a few days...can't have those barriers to job growth & profit!
Your priorities are pathetic.
