This is not the right question. Do you want government agents trying to hunt down people who expose the truth? https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/893818965100834817 …
If a President leaked classified Israeli intel to a hostile nation who's arming the Taliban, would it not be a moral duty to reveal that?
And, let's cut the shit: A lot of very bad stories are going to drop soon. There's treason, not just his, but congressional leaders.
But the Trump Model Management stuff, that's just beyond vile, worse than treason, even.We deserve to know what kind of people are in power.
For me, that's #1 in vileness, #2 is the weaponization of hacked data. I want these crimes solved, and I want them solved NOW and FOREVER!
Then get your impeachment vote ready. Pin it! #LyingTrumpTrash
The question you oughta ask is at what point do ppl have a Patriotic Duty to Blow the Whistle on a Corrupt Administration? #Trumpleaks
As my senator, I would hope that you would want criminals exposed at all levels of government, no matter what it takes.
Does that include Lord Cheeto and family 
Yet, you're helping the president get away with what he is doing. Anything for power, right? Our citizens deserve so much better.
Until you cite the law you think is being violated, can it Senator. The law protects these actions. #journalism
"The Whistleblower Protection Act of 1989, Pub.L. 101-12 protects federal whistleblowers who report misconduct." Law's clear. You're wrong.
Didn't the founding fathers defy the law?
Our senators are a joke. #EmbarrassedInTexas
what if it was to save a nation?
You allow it everyday in your party and President yet decry leakers as the problem. We would be worse off without these patriots.
As a former SCOTX justice, you ought to already know that the Constitution is the highest law in US. Leak statutes are not.
So, Trump's violation of emoluments clause warrants investigation, yes?
I normally don't agree with you but I agree a leak is a leak.
You allow Trump to continually break the law, John. It's starting to appear that you may be involved. Will Mueller find your secrets?
I agree with John Cronyn the media can report but has to honor all security restraints and sensitivity .
Then do something about Trump. If not, you are part and parcel to Treason sir
But Trump has admin leak info that is favorable to him. Do you care about that? Or you only care about leaks exposing Trump lies?
Sessions' words sent a chill up my spine. With Fox, Breitbart, the NRA threats- are greatest warriors are Mainstream journalists.
Pardon me. "Our" greatest warriors.

What laws do journalists break when someone offers them info on a crooked President?  Seriously. What law?  If Pence is backstabbing? Legal!
Acting like there's a level playing field between the two is disingenuous.
And the constant unrelenting party messaging contradicted by facts isn't anywhere close 2 truth but you still say it #Over&Over @JohnCornyn
What part of "Congress shall make no law abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press" do you not understand? That is law. #journalism
But copyright infringement is cool?
Come on, man 
The senator needs to frame his propaganda properly. Right .@JohnCornyn ? Will you have a #TownHall this recess to say this to our faces?
Thank goodness there are those willing to break it.  Without it you and rest of Republican Congress would think all is peachy.
But some have a duty to protect the republic from threats both foreign and domestic. Trump is a threat. #TheCallIsComingFromInsideTheHouse
But journalists will only uncover @POTUS malfeasance thru leaks. You seem to have abdicated your oversight obligations so we make do.
So if I jay walk to save save a child out in the street; I had no right to do that and should be punished?
Perhaps stand up to said President then and not just journalists??? 
Journalist have an explicit freedom. The president does not. Learn the law.
Civil disobedience is the active, professed refusal to obey certain laws...of a government, or of an occupying international power. - Wiki
@DavidCornDC Every legal  expert said these are not leaks. There is no crime here! Not classified information. Just another WH distraction!
These aren't leakers they're whistle-blowing patriots. The US citizens need to know how mentally unstable 45 is & who has kissed his ring.
How about @JohnCornyn owes his constituents an answer to the question. Not the Russian run around. #CanCornyn2020
When has classified information been leaked?
One man's leaker is another man's patriot exposing malfeasance in our oligarchs.
There is a shield law for this very reason.
Continue being the terrible person you are.
Are they leakers or whistle blowers?
How does printing transcripts of conversations of @POTUS with foreign leaders expose law breaking?
First Amendment=Free Press.   Defying the law is when you lie under oath and omit on frederal forms.
If that's the case, shouldn't the election then been nullified?  Asking for several million people - the Majority.
=> The media contact agencies to query risks in publication. Often, withhold some/all depending on response.

Why so fervent under Trump?
Then why are you so loyal to trump who truly believes he is above the law?
Then put country before party and do something about it, or are you just a big gasbag?
Printing leaked info is NOT a crime. The leaker may have broken the law, NOT the journalist. Actual facts.
But are journalists breaking the law by publishing?   I don't think so unless they paid someone to get the info illegally.
For many of the stories the WH has been contacted and in some cases information not published because of sensitivity.
Weird how you only seem focused on the journalists when the President has an R after his name.
All perspective and which side of history you're on. I believe your country once referred to this subversion as the Sons of Liberty.
Leakers and journos need protection in times like these. The president is corrupt and GOP not forthcoming. America needs to know the truth!
"I don't think anyone - president or journalist - has a right to defy the law." Is that what we told the Nazis during the Nuremberg Trials?
The flaw with subpoenas for journalists is that it actually incentivizes leaking and jail time.  What journalist wouldn't defy and...
what future leaker wouldn't look for a journalist who had been previously jailed on contempt?
Hey, Sparky...Whiny Donnie continually defies the laws with his lies and deceit while you stand idly by all puckered up and ready to enable.
It is a crime to betray your country.
That's rich since Trump has brazenly defied all kinds of laws before and after taking office.
Foreign asset Flynn would still be NatSec Adviser if not for whistleblowing. That's what Cornyn supports.
Looking forward to you vote for impeachment then.
If you said is true, the prison will be crowned with criminals!
Hey Sen. You're not very good at this Twitter thing. I'd give up if I were you. What are u going to say when people like Bannon get caught?
@JohnCornyn journalists aren't defying the law, only the leaker is.
What part of freedom of the press don't you understand?
I m not press so i dont need to understand. U wana story, talk to starbuks and why their wifi is now off after hours. 
Typical politician's answer. Avoid answering a question by asking another question. Priceless Cornyn priceless!
Can you please point to an incident since Trump where a journalist shared classified information?
you see that potus is prosecuted for leaking four eyes intelligence to the Russians+destroying an Israeli intelligence assett in Syria first
Especially if the President and his cabinet/inner circle are involved in criminal activities!!??!!??
And you thought you could hv been FBI Director?
Great! Start with Article I, Section 9, Clause 8 of the United States Constitution.
Prove it.
Yes, he does. Ask him how the meeting in the desert was.  He's as dirty as they come. Hey John, what do they have on you?
as far as journalism, why Russia Today is still operating in the US with Wikileaks, cybercrime, fakenews and such? 1/2

CC @BresPolitico
Including rhe Emoluments clause of thr Constitution? Thats Article 1, Section 9
So ACA subsidies will be paid, per the law?
Press & transparency ensure the truth. If these principles were respected by Trump & GOP instead of attacked, leaks wouldn't be as rampant.
Time was when I totally agree with you. Today, we see GOP pols silent or complicit in the defense of rampant & verifiable lies by Trump. 1/
I am thankful someone will expose the truth! The GOP isn't worried about the mess in the WH. They're only worried about someone knowing it.
With all due respect @JohnCornyn you need to address the source, i.e. the leaking sieve that is the Trump admin. Start at the top.
If it is a classified document you should go to jail if I break the law I go to jail get a life no one is above the law
He is a clear political hack for Trump. We will remember this come reelection time that he is complicit in the corruption.
I will take the truth any day of the week, even if it comes by way of a revealing leak. It's for the greater good.
Why is leaking unclassified information now against the law but was no problem when @realDonaldTrump was asking for it during his campaign?
Your statement doesn't lend itself to anything but a self serving ambivalence to the POTUS constant lying. Grow a spine.
How can lies be classified? Lies and instability need to be exposed.
GOP, covering for a dangerous idiot is not patriotic.
Let's address these leakers asap.
Be worthy of trust Senator.
He's the worst!
Then I assume you will be initiating articles of impeachment for obstruction of justice Immediately since he confessed on twitter.
If Hillary had asked a foreign country to steal and leak Trump's taxes... would you think whistleblowers to this treason should be punished?
What's your position on a man that asks RUSSIA to leak stolen info which he weaponizes to steal the presidency from the winner of Pop. Vote?
Ok, then how about you start compelling the President to obey the law, then we can talk about stopping leaks.
Good, then you should start standing up now to the carnival barker in the WH for defying laws--let's start with emoluments as a warm-up.
Emoluments clause mean anything to you? (it's in the Constitution--forbidden).
My question..have you ever taken money from Russia or anyone associated with Russia?
I guess you'll be removing a president from office, then.
If Trump lies about something, I want govt employees (like you) telling us that he's lying & the actual truth. Can't be honest w/us, resign.
does that include President Trump? Clearly many if not all leaks come from White House. Who do you think leaked info on Sessions?
What about civil disobedience? Civil rights were advanced because brace people acted to point out the wrongs of Jim Crow.
Brave*
When the law obfuscates the truth, I would choose the truth. Law be damned.
how much money did traitor cornball take from Putin?
Come up with a reasonable alternative
If you live in Texas you know the big problem is we aren't sure @JohnCornyn exists. He never interacts with his constituents & doesn't care.
But it was okay during 2016 election?  Does not compute.
You all do daily with your lies!
Didn't mind Sessions lying under oath, emolument clause doesn't bother you you care nothing about the law unless it's a D breaking it
@jaketapper Then why does the Senate Leadership allow him to lie to America everday on seemly trivial and nontrivial things?
Question for you, "Is everything that happens in WH secret? Most of what I have heard leaked had nothing to do with Nat. Sec. Mostly T wrong
Trump ia breaking emoluments clause in conatitution every damn day and i do not see your outrage sir
Your reply isn't a question. It obscures the fundamental tenet of democracy: that our leaders should tell the truth. Liars need exposing!!!
Your WH is currently defying the law. Do something!!!
AS IN EMOLUMENTS? OR PRIVATE SERVERS? (Y'ALL HAVE THEM!)
Shut your mouth, until you can open it to address the crimes being committed in the White House right now. Ignorant slimeball.
Journalists are functioning as a check on the White House because cowards like you won't do their jobs.
why would the citizenry be against knowing what their elected officials do? I cant see a prob in reporting leaked info about govt
John, maybe if you Republicans would do something about this corrupt, mobster president, people wouldn't need to leak to expose him.
Then stand up to @realDonaldTrump! Or what you just wrote is complete B.S.
John, we have a WH that has been caught multiple times lying to public. A WH that purposefully keeps citizens in dark. Leakers saving 
Is it against the law to leak unclassified info?
@BresPolitico ...defying the law is every citizen's moral obligation when the law is unjust. It's called "civil disobedience".
It is apparent that  @johncornyn wants such rule when the so-called leaks corroborates the @GOP complacency of a corrupt @gop president
Care to respond to President Jefferson, Mr. @BresPolitico and me?
There are unconstitutional and unjust laws.  People challenge them by breaking them. That is what M L King Jr. did & we honor him for it
Levi Coffin & all those helping run Uhderground Railroad to help slave escape -  according to you they had no right to do so
Mies Giep & family broke the law to hide Otto Frank & family from the Nazis.  R U saying they were wrong to do it?
Harriet Tubman broke the law in smuggling slaves from Dorchester County MD to freedom.  R U saying she was wrong?
lncluding federal judges? @BresPolitico, willful denial of the right of access to the courts lS A FEDERAL FELONY! Do your job, Cornyn!!!
Your an embarrassment to Texans. Let the truth come out!!
this Senator is ONE of THE problems and many others Trumpsters; never answer the question asked but then ask another question. Deflecting!
Do you believe it should be illegal to report illegal activities?
Nepotism law, emoluments law, healthcare/ACA law. How many laws is the WH allowed to break former Judge Cornyn?
Fine. You are on Judiciary. What are you going to do about judges who sit in judgment of their own cases & Justices who look the other way?
You defy it every day by not enforcing portions of ACA that would make it stronger. So by your reasoning all GOP senators should be in jail.
Trump sucks and so do you. Jail me.
Freedom of speech is the law. Your feelings don't matter
you've been watching too many russian movies
@BresPolitico Remember those words-president cause I think they are coming back at you.
You seem fine with Trump defying the law day in and day out.
Except you're lying.
"I love WikiLeaks" president #45 during his campaign.  Where was your statement of outrage then?
I think I'll keep this tweet. I have a feeling I'm going to need it soon.
Then why have you stood by idly (in some cases, in supoort) of the @POTUS and his associates clearly defying the law?
I don't think so. It's not a leak as long as you have evidences. Am I right? 
Do you feel that the law should be changed so journalists cannot protect sources?
What you call leakers many people   refer to as whistle-blowers. You represent MANY constituents not just the ones that agree with you.
This must apply to the ACA too.   To sabatoge it is not upholding the law - An oath the president took when he took office.
Trump defies the law daily. Still hasn't divested from business. Still profits from Presidency. Likely obstructed justice. And you defend it
This is different, Trump is so untrustworthy that any leak is a good one
Well, them why is Clinton, Rice, Comey and Lynch walking free? It seems one law for them and one law for everyone else!
LOL this is a settled question @BresPolitico Or why did Judith Miller spend 85 days in JAIL?
Pssstttt. @JohnCornyn that wasn't actually an answer. I'd like to reclaim my time and ask for a direct answer
you didn't mention senator...
Journalists are an important part of American democracy. Any challenge to 1st amend should be met with as much fervor as challenge to 2nd
I don't think the progressive liberal media should be dictating to anyone "What the right question is".  They've missed the boat so so often
You know if .@realDonaldTrump stopped his habitual LYING leaking would not be rampant.
Senator - who will tell the people the President has defied the law?
Funny. You seem content to look the other way on Russian collusion.
John we we will do our best to be on their jury and make sure by nullification @jeffsessions & @ALT_DOJ will never imprison them.  LEAKERS
I think large increase of leaks out of Oval Office, etc, indicate a bigger picture. It says people r seriously AFRAID of Trump presidency.
when u, @jeffsessions & GOP go after Wikileaks & Assange THEN I'll take u serious re: leak concerns. 4 now-its just re: GOP self-protection
Justice Hugo Black, writing in NYT Co. v. United States, 1971
You can read the whole thing here, and perhaps you should, Senator, because you seem to have forgotten it.
He's kidding right? The president has already broken the law by asking am enemy govt to spy in his opponent.  That's High Treason,  Sen.
Unjust laws demand to be defied. That's the whole point of a Bill of Rights.
Heard of this law Senator? Let's talk about that at your town hall in Austin. When is that again?
How about his oath to the American people. The man lies w/o fear or consequence, thanks to u. Yes, he should be called out, w/proof.
Hope you feel that way when Trump people start going down
Hey @JohnCornyn. You realize the #CCW247 frightened boys don't agree with you on that, right?
The dysfunction represents you. As they are, you approve.
If the leaks aren't classified there is not a damn thing you can do about it 
We have a respected history of "leakers" bringing awareness to crimes perpetrated by our public employees. Thank you.
You clearly don't really believe this cause there are plenty of laws broken by the president.
Journalists are not defying the law, they are reporting the news.
I'm betting he'd like exactly that. What, you think the elite want the curtain pulled back to expose all their warts?
You should read 328 F.Supp 324, 331 (SDNY 1971).
What's your opinion about whistleblowers Senator? When is a "leak" not whistleblowing for the greater good of the public and institution?
I believe all = under Rule of Law. Laws should balance not bludgeon. Laws & juries always weigh intent/guilt. Protect Leaker/whistleblower.
How about answering the question instead?
You believe Trump does though and you've been protecting him.
.@JohnCornyn since you asked the question, it's fair to ask why you're OK with Trump's open defiance of the Emoluments Clause?
Indefensible lies he hires surrogates to repeat? Take a stand for the country and your own integrity. PLEASE!
