Turnabout is fair play, Senator. Remember Garland?
Garland was also qualified. Unlike DeVos.
and in what way was the obstruction of #Garland *not* historic? Or are you mere hypocrites?
well most are slimeballs and unqualified so forgive for not just handing them the freaking keys to the WH
the slime Allo handed the keys over on January 20th
takes a lot of balls to say that considering the headlines this morning 
Not new to me
Yet Republicans are in charge. So, what is your problem?
Merrick Garland
no no, blocking Obama's SCOTUS nom was #historicobstruction. Also, that alternative fact is on Google. #lies
Nope, @senategop and @JohnCornyn not even close. Check your facts first. Don't succumb to #AlternativeFacts. #HistoricHyprocrisy
no its not you need to do some fact checking
Not one word from Trump going to Mar-A-Lago every weekend and you had a field day when Obama went a few times a year.
Fuck you racist cunts. You will go down with the country YOU fucked up.
The day you lot are phased out cannot come any faster.
APRIL 28TH  already? That's how long it took Barack Obama.  You are such liars.
stop lying and start investigating the Kremlin's infiltration of the Oval Office. #DoYourJob
https://twitter.com/TruthTeamOne/status/831224872894345216 … Stop pushing corruption on America
Garry Kasparov: "We gave Putin a chance in Russia, and it was the last free election we ever had."
This is the worst collection of nominees ever in the history of the country. #impeachTrump
this is the worst representation our country has suffered through since before Washington - investigate Russian ties!
#HistoricObstruction was what your party pulled on Merrick Garland.
Obstruction!! What did you do with President Obama. The whole Republican party is racist. Shame on you.
Nope, @senategop and @JohnCornyn not even close. Check your facts first. Don't succumb to #AlternativeFacts. #HistoricHyprocrisy
Lies.  Took you guys to April with Obama.
-it's irresponsible for congrèss to continue this hold up of cabinet. I wish the democratic party got that message
you are all failures
If some of the candidates weren't so dodgy ...it could get done faster
Traitors, treasonous bastards... Thomas Jefferson is rolling over in his grave...
that's because they're mostly dangerous Bozos like Michael Flynn.
And for good reason.
Democrats screwing themselves. the party is circling the drain.
worry about Flynn before you confirm other traitors.
isn't it obvious why???
@GOP Sirs:We the People note your patriotism is now in question. Your failure to vote down POTUS cabinet picks, speaks volumes.
If Mnuchin is appointed you give a slap in the face to all the middle class financial lives that he viciously ruined!
The appointments are skewed to the wealthiest of Americans & unlike those since Washington most view gain over Values
I want to bring up an example of Tillerson/Putin now sanctions softened EXXON/ROSNEF.  Are these Coincidences? Shame!
Documented both Tillerson &Trump thanking Putin for calm reaction to sanctions & Flynn talking sanction. Concerns?
is the GOP in bed with the Russians what the hell is going on

So you'll pardon us for trying to slow down the process to protect the people from this mega-swamp of corruption.
...and some of them seem to be owned by foreign powers (e.g., Tillerson) and some of them are white supremacists.
While some of Mr. Trump's nominees are fine (e.g., Mr. Perry) some of them are incompetent cronies (e.g., DeVos)...
Yeah, should have moved faster on Flynn, huh? Each passing day, you own this administration's results a little more. #oversight
that's because dumb, dumber and dumbest are doing it
those dam democrats
why couldn't you just admit DeVos was a bad choice. Y did u make it party issue instead of protecting Our kids.
Liars! Bush and Obama said took longer!
also, if there were #historicobstruction it would be due to people standing up to #historiccorruption
alternative fact. Check your records.
http://observer.com/2017/02/donald-trump-administration-mike-flynn-russian-embassy/ …
I move to abolish this party in the government. Bye!
@bluedevildavey @JohnCornyn #democraticparty  is making sure they'll be completely voted out of government in 2018  Y'all fired
@bluedevildavey @JohnCornyn Those  obstructing  blocking Mr Trump 's progress need to  exhale and work for the people not against

The #TRUMP haters suggest @POTUS is losing support. Tell #GOP #Liberals @SenateGOP @SenateMajLdr #Media if he has lost YOUR support .
Good! How can you all just go along w/Trump's agenda of fearmongering & racism? Aren't you supposed to be honorable? Sad. #resist
maybe if they weren't all incompetent, it would go a bit faster
if you had been given better people it would not be a problem.
HA! You liars. Do you not know about research? The internet? Read: https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/politics/how-long-confirmations-will-take/ …
#alternativefacts #lies #liars #checkthedate #wehaveeyes
Did you even ask why? Maybe because they are completely unqualified? #historicobstruction
#historicobstruction is when GOP refuses to work with Dem President for YEARS!
#historicobstruction is when you refuse to meet Obama's nominee for SCOTUS.
That's because it's the most ill-equipped and ill-prepared group of nominees.
that's just an out and out lie.
#memoryofgoldfish did y'all really forget republican tactics the last 8 years?
check with Mitch McConnell about #HistoricObstruction - disgrace of republicans the last 8 years - such a shame
then they should have filled out their ethics papers faster.
No compassion for refugees or immigrant's. Half million homeless U.S. citizen's come first.
Come on.  You obstructed Dems last 8 yrs!
guess you are ineffective leaders. We should vote you out of office.
Liars, you know that's a lie, you should be censured 
Do you teach your children to lie like this?
well if those dumb ass ppl knew how to complete some paperwork maybe it would be different.
actually, no it's not. This is #FakeNews
Don't know about George but this dem party, with their undermining gov't operatiaon,  is encouraging chaos & violence
The reason is this administration is batshit crazy. These white folk really don't get it. Amazing
oh paleez, after what you f'heads did to Merrick Garland?
Shame on Trump for not properly vetting his nominees.  He is an inept politician.
Wow, you obstructed 8 years.  Short memory.  You're toast in 2018
Maybe because these are the worst candidates ever and POTUS was woefully unprepared.
have them answer questions get rid of insider traders and million dollar contributors and it would go faster
it's because the new cabinet members are fucking idiots 
Alternate facts.
factually untrue just like your "so called President"
remember this stuff is going on right?
UPDATE: Iraqi joint command says a number of Katyusha rockets landed in #Baghdad's Green Zone - @RudawEnglish
most unqualified picks ever.Not forthcoming with ethics/financial info.Stop with the #alternativefacts and #fakenews
perhaps it's a reflection on the candidates and who is choosing them. Perhaps they lack the qualifications?
Not true! Alternative fact
no it's not Republicans. Check facts, Bush and Obama took longer. Stop whining
This is an historically UNQUALIFIED set of nominees!  Hell, one is colluding with Russia!! 
Oh and..MERRICK GARLAND!
historic? this isn't even the longest in the last 20 years ... more #alternativefacts
Aren't there anymore billionaires available?
You people lie much?  Just all the time.
the majority of the nominees are terribly unqualified for the job.
fake news. Check your facts. Oh and maybe have people who actually know about the cabinets they are chosen to head.
awesome!!!!
Because their scoundrels and idiots.
Took until April to approve Obama's cabinet. Still lots of time. Probably a do-over on Flynn appointment too.
cause you dummies were to busy taking to Ruskies to make plans & prep. Time for full Russian/Trump investigation
Then nominate non-racists, non-fatcats, and qualified people. Not Devos for $$ or Sessions for racist
8 YEARS OF RUBBER STAMPING FOR OBAMA THEY NOW CHALLENGE THEIR ENEPTNESS.
that is a lie. Also, maybe because so many are suspect and completely unqualified.
1st of all, dates of all presidents appointed cabinets, please. Secondly, boo hoo? You obstructed Obama for 8 years
Good.
that's because your picks are BATSHIT crazy  remember the world is watching  we need IMPEACHMENT HEARINGS
GOOD!
worst nominees liars cheats HHS Price owns and sells stock who value can be determined by his position Mnuchin liesss
And this is the worst, despicable, group of scoundrels nominated to the cabinet in history!
cry babies in the Republican Party that gave the nation 8 years of obstructing the other party rich cry babies
I'm thinking, you might want to stop hurling accusations of obstruction, based on the thread of responses. #hypocrisy
pot...Meet kettle...."black black black"
It's not like any of them are unqualified or have ethics issues... right???!
what about that year you guys blocked obamas Supreme Court pick? Curious
Demoralizing. Tears Schumer should be given time out. The guy get nothing right.
the longer we can stall the eminent destruction this POTUS will have on our democracy, the better of we'll all be
Again lies.  Obamas cabinet wasn't confirmed until April. #morelies
and your point is what? If you people diligently #DoYourJob then we would not be in this mess 3 weeks after @POTUS
you think we can't check these things? You guys are more out of touch than the 2016 democrats were.
They are unqualified & have unprecedented ethical problems! You all need to stand up to the WH & demand better noms.
#HistoricObstruction Unpreparedness of #Trump & out-of-town "breaks" by #GOP do not = obstruction. #Garland was.
This is not true. Why does GOP lie so much? Do you not have truth to support your actions?
Quit lying.  Obama's cabinet took the longest.
white old guys have to go back to the clan meetings!
maybe it's B'cause you rushed nomination hearings w/o the normal vetting process that traditionally happened?
@CNN @CBSNews @ABC @NBCNews @FoxNews DEMS LIKE CHILDREN. CRY BABIES. THEIR DUMMIES WERE TAKEN AWAY. SPITEFUL IDIOTS.
LIARS!! #alternativefacts
it's fitting we've come full circle considering this cabinet represents the end of what Washington hoped for.
You do not give a fuck about America, only holding power. So by default you are guilty of 45's actions.
Because 45 has some appalling candidates. The whole world is watching the GOP to see if it finally grows a pair.
likely because, with the possible exception of Gen. Mattis, none of them are remotely qualified for their positions
maybe because they are historically the most unqualified..the GOP are such hypocrites, it's pathetic.
Not even close. Cabinets for 41 43 & 44 all took longer. Stop regurgitating #AlternativeFacts & do a little homework
You lying liars. Wrong. But, If GOP offered decent noms, then it would be fast. Instead you brought in #SwampCabinet
LIE!!!
Obama's Cabinet wasn't confirmed until April!!!!
Stop telling lies slime-ball!!!
it hasn't been as long as the waiting to confirm the replacement of late Judge #Scalia during #Obama administration.
maybe the problem isn't the democrats, maybe it's #potus45's unqualified picks.  #listentoyourconstituents.
Maybe if the nominations weren't horrifying on a visceral level, things would be different. This is on you @GOP
I've always thought the Senate needs more stiff old white dudes. It's just too mixed right now.
Which is why you should be ashamed of putting up such unqualified nominees!
thank Trumps #historicIncompence!
what you have forgotten Obama's 8 years and your do nothing senate
Quit whining and start listening to the people you represent.  This isn't mere obstructionism. Wake up!
more #trumpLIES
maybe if the nominees weren't so superbly unqualified 
Bullshit....
probably bc this BY FAR the most unqualified cabinet in the history of the US.
.@SenateGOP @JohnCornyn I'll see the time and raise you historically bad, corrupt, incompetent nominees #InvestigateTrumpTreason
we learned from the Republican playbook of obstruction non governance.
You lie!
Quit Playing Politics. DO YOUR JOB.  Counting the days till 11/03/2020.
because they aren't qualified
The sheer girth and volume of your balls must weigh you down.
try #historicIncompetence
100% true.
Yet we don't throw a fit and violently protest...this is also a truth!
When will you officially change the "G" in "GOP" to mean "Grifter"
@SenTedCruz listen to your constituents. Vote NO to inexperience & corruption, deregulation of EPA, banking, schools
NO!  Talk about fake news.
Well if Qualified People were nominated then there wouldn't be an issue.What are you thinking confirming these crooks
I think you meant: This is the worst new president's Cabinet since George Washington. #HistoricHypocrisy
Awww are the Dems not approving the crooks fast enough for you?   Need a safe space snowflakes? Get over it
I guess they should clear eithics reviews before being announced and maybe be minimally qualified.
Objectively false, disgusting lies to the American people from the floor of the Senate.
that's because every other president picked a better cabinet #payforplay
I don't believe what you are saying is true. Could you provide proof?
unqualified candidates...don't whine about obstruction till u live 8yrs of it like 2008-16...your arrogance slays me
