I took Comey's testimony as saying she directly tried to do so. https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/874024195361001473 …
Youre a senator, and youre pushing known false stories? You're shameful. (I even picked fox news so youll read it)
What about what @realDonaldTrump did?  Or are u not concerned that a foreign entity is controlling our @POTUS Or him making the swamp bigger
I took the line of questioning about Hillary campaign as a distraction from the real issue
Those two words sum up your recent performance adequately. No creativity. No leadership. Just me too
The email investigation is closed. What is your position on the ongoing investigations swirling around your false idol?
Sad you're a Russian Trump puppet. When you're investigated, you will really cry. Put country over party, Trump and your leader Putin
U find it a good use of time to investigate whether an out-of-office AG tried - and failed - 2 help the campaign of a losing prez candidate?
#pt but not whether the current Prez' campaign colluded with a foreign power to disrupt our election?
Does it hurt when you bend over backwards to protect our lying, scheming President? Shame on you.
Aren't you supposed to chair a meeting at the Reichstag or something?
This is not the pressing story, John. Country above party! Investigate Trump Campaign collusion with Russia, first!
The GOP Playbook is crystal clear!

Blame everyone else! Why is AG Sessions still the AG when we know he LIED UNDER OATH?
But what about what he was doing?
Of course you would because you're a useless partisan hack that won't stand up to the damage this Administration is doing to America.
No seriously.  Try to put this democracy ahead of your craven political party. Just try it.
So you're all corrupt criminals.  Big revelation.
Please join us in 2017. The republic is threatened by a corrupt incompetent poseur president and the collusion of his minions with Russia.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
I took Comet's testimony as saying #Trump, @VP, & Sessions did far more corrupt things than Lynch, so mark her for 4th in line & proceed.
I took Comey's testimony as saying @POTUS obstructed justice & abused power, while Sessions may have committed treason.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Took it does not mean he said that.  Like a car dealer says i took it to mean you wanted it
Stop Mueller.

Then you should also take his testimony to mean The President told him to stop his investigation into Flynn.
Again. How about discussing #RussiaGate ?
Bullshit
Sir, Sessions LIED and what you are doing by ignoring your constituents is unpatriotic. #TrumpRussia
"Unfortunately there is no cure for Clinton Derangement Syndrome. Sufferers experience a total collapse of judgment."
Did you also take his testimony as saying Trump asked him to stop the Flynn investigation?
Paling around with Breitbart & agreeing with the Washington examiner owned by Philip Anschutz. Must recuse Gorsuch if Anschutz involved.
The "real" people supporting Trump, question: what is he doing for u? Can anyone honestly answer? Healthcare? No. Tax breaks for WS-yea
Hillary Clinton still isn't the president.
All any of @GOP do is talk about HRC. She's gone. The issue is Russia & all money being laundered (T). #countryoverparty
answer your phone
Your both con's not men. KKK Confederates that want to destroy us.
Yada yada yada 
Leave ur bubble, get some perspective. POTUS tries to shut down Russia invest & ur focusing on Clinton's server. You lost all perspective.
Well played, Comrade!
Going to start investigating history, before addressing a current issue like Russia? Is it Trump or Putin that owns you?
Please demand that 6 women be appointed on the trumpcare bill.
I think we have enough investigations going on now. 
Senator I'm very concerned you get the health bill right.
You know what is most disturbing, John? With all we've heard in open session, you've heard much worse in closed. Still, you ride this out.
Just because I know she haunts you 24/7...
Interesting. I took Comey's testimony as saying the President is a profligate liar who likely attempted to obstruct justice.
Guess this obvious fact seems more nebulous—like a Rashomon tale for those still desperately trying to support Trump, tho. 
Interesting. I took Corey's testimony as saying the President is a profligate liar who likely attempted to obstruct justice.
Guess this obvious fact seems more nebulous—like a Rashomon tale for those still desperately trying to support Trump, tho. 
Glad to see you're working so hard to secure affordable healthcare for all Americans, John...
The hearing was not about Trump with the GOP I can see it was about emails and that is all it will ever be.Russia hacking is just fine
#TurnTexasBlue
The sad part is that Congress has known this all along and did nothing. But now the people know... and we have to do something about it
Of course HILLARY is what you got out of the testimony by Comey regarding Trump and Russia.  Because.  Reasons.  Review your oath, please.
Of course you did and of course you didn't see anything wrong with the whole Trump thing. You're a useless Senator
Keep up this BS and we will work to ensure your removal. #impeachtrump #stopdeflecting
Knock it off with the emails!!! Quit deflecting to Hillary. Investigate Russia.
Why won't trump release his taxes?
I took his testimony to mean that Russia is interfering with our democracy and YOU are clearly not at all interested in that fact. #FOCUS
And your constituents take you as a partisan hack. You're on the fast track to unemployment at this rate.
GOP obsessed with e-mails. Election is OVER! Even if she did, it apparently didn't have the desired impact. Focus on what's important
Lordy, I hope there are tapes!
You're everything wrong with the US political system rolled up in one goofy ball.... Seriously, you're embarrassing yourself daily...
Comey definitely said Trump told him to end the Flynn investigation.
@JohnCornyn ignores Russia getting around US sanctions on oil sales:
Cornyn didn't notice that Lynch didn't fire Comey, Trump did.
you should resign
Please just stop with the distractions from Russia trying to interfere with our democracy. Sheesh.
So - you believe Comey's testimony - or nah?
not surprised you agree with Brandon Darby, Breitbart Texas Editor-in-Chief....
and if you ARE concerned about Lynch's behavior the Trump team's behavior should have your hair on fire? Respect my concerns!!
Seriously?We're still not distracted-Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
what the?? GOP controls house and senate and continues to relive old crud? OLD FREAKING NEWS Represent ur constituents! #Voteout
If that's all you got out of the hearing, you really stink at listening #DoYourJob
HEY JOHN TAKE MY TWITTER TESTIMONY AS SAYING YOU SHOULD HOLD SOME FUCKING TOWN HALLS
Of course you did. How about Russia John? How about taking healthcare away from Millions? Anything keep you up at night? Anything???
Suppose if his bank account loses some money, that might make him worry. Seems money is what motivates him. GOP=Greed Over People
You hit the nail on the head! Also you'd think they would start noticing the low poll numbers and be thinking towards 2018/20
Seems not yet
Let's just let them ignore the blizzard coming for them! Think they view themselves as invincible in TX. Pass AHCA & see the hit the fan!
It's sad when our so-called leaders in the GOP are kowtowing to trump/russia to preserve their power. Traitors deserve a traitor's fate.
So what about the part where we were attacked? Did you miss that?
And Comey's testimony gave reason to have further investigation into Trump's  activities.  Of course...you won't agree.  Complicent.
Of course you did.  But you didn't take Trump telling Comey to lay off Flynn as problematic.  Oh, an news flash, the email probe went on...
Of course, because this gets the focus off of the actual intent of the testimony. How do all your takeaways have nothing to do with Trump?
Cornyn is a traitor just like trump! Cornyn has turned into a puppet! Party over people! Vote this hack out of office and LOCK HIM UP!
You're such a partisan hack. Good God.
It was just an extremely sophisticated attack on our country with the possibility Trump campaign colluded.  But you dont care about that.
Did you take anything else from the testimony? Like how the president tried to capture the top lawman in the country for sinister reasons?
Be a leader, not a partisan hack
Lines like that tend to be used by partisan hacks.
That was least important point.  Do you realize Russia interfered in our election? I guess we know where you stand. You are anti-USA
Maybe they are among his campaign donors, hiding in a PAC.
Which is no big deal, since it is fine to try and influence FBI investigation for political reasons.
Sir you guys Knew @Potus wasn't & Had never been under investigation. Why R U wasting our money & How can U keep Mueller now?
Hi, egg bot! Are you a Russian or Republican egg bot? But, I guess there's no difference. Right, @JohnCornyn ol' boy?
you are towing a line on a sinking ship. Grow some balls man and speak the truth!!
@JohnCornyn #trumpsbuttboy
#tRumpBootlicker
While I hate the politicizing of the DoJ, there is a huge difference btwn characterizing an investigation as a "matter" and trying to halt 1
Thank you. Minimizing/down-playing vs halting. Political vs obstruction. One is unethical, other is criminal. HUGE difference.
Why no memo from Comey?Why so predisposed to suspect worst of Trump when he hadnt acted similarly in this more overtly compromised situation
So, I believe you're working on a healthcare bill. Any chance we can see that soon?
Trump is under investigation for obstruction of justice. His campaign for treason. Focus on that maybe? Maybe??
Russia interfered in our 2016 election.  Where is your outrage?  Pitiful.
did YOU know that @realDonaldTrump wasn't under investigation???  Why allow msm/congress to continue to deceive Americans from truth?
Has anyone ever heard John acknowledge  meddling or express any concern whatsoever? I haven't and its both suspicious and alarming.
The next test of how far our Senator is willing to go in service to a coorrupt Pres will be when POTUS fires Mueller too.
Yep. I'm waiting for that shoe to drop as well. But seriously, I've seen enough already. Something beyond partisan politics is up.
When asked about meddling, John deflects to unmasking and leaks: "Obviously anytime anybody jeopardizes the privacy rights of an American 
citizen citizen, and as part of an intelligence gathering process that would be unauthorized, and then leaks that information
that's potentially a crime. And that's something we ought to pursue."  NOT ONE WORD about  hacking our election from #2 Senator in  Odd
Time to shut down investigation of Trump campaign & open investigation of Lynch/Clinton/Comey obstruction of justice. We demand it, Senator
I have no words for this stupidity. It wasn't right, but it sure as hell shouldn't be the most pressing thing on your plate right now.
I can't believe this is who you have become. A Trump surrogate. Agreeing with everything he says and does. It's so sad. What a legacy.
I really thought someone from Texas would have a more independent streak. Sad.
I wish you could be as focused on our leader and his Russian ties, considering that's your job and all.
Good god, man. You're pathetic.
stick to one investigation at a time, not the closed one about silly emails, but the one involving for. gov. interfering with democracy. SAD
John you need to get tougher. Can you see the corruption on the Left?
But you missed the part where Trump obstructed justice?
Dear Dope. Show one proof.
trump fanboy
How about his under-oath contradiction of trump? How'd you take that?
