Are you seriously still resisting an independent investigation? What are you hiding? #truth
I am sure I speak for many of us that we look forward to seeing you March for Truth, John. Where will you be?
NoTrump is a train wreck that has happened . You should put country over party.
The soonor you cover it all up the better right
Republicans in charge and falling in line behind Trump is already a train wreck
Quick fact check: There were at least 10 Benghazi probes. #CornynStakeout http://cornynstakeout.com/2017/05/19/sen-cornyn-says-there-are-too-many-russia-investigations/ …
There were 7 investigative committees into Whitewater. Along with a Special prosecutor. Often, investigative committees found info faster.
Cornyn once again doing what he can to give Trump cover for crimes.  The more looking at this the better.  Cornyn doesn't want to find truth
is such a clown
No crime & no evidence elicits this much scrutiny & Benghazi, Private jet full o cash to Iran, unsecured servers, deaths, it goes on can't?!
#TurnTexasBlue
Cornyn, you are living in a dream world
Too many could be bad, but let't have at least one and see it through. Trump looks guilty of obstruction right now.
This administration is the train wreck. & the wreck is ongoing, plowing through an ever widening swath of our gov't.
#TrumpRussiaCoverUp #GOPTraitors
Can't investigate the sexual predator enough, he is such a pathetic child, not qualified to be a senator never mind a president
How many Benghazi investigations were there?
You didn't have a problem with many investigations into Hillary Clinton. Why the sudden shyness in investigating?
Can't find any credible news sources to back up your nutty claims? CNS, Washington Examiner and InfoWars. Good grief, man!
I am a constituent , the American people want the truth. As a party you are all enablers. Stop taking our freedoms away.
The train wreck is the person u ppl voted for Trump!
THAT'S what you consider a train wreck? lololololol for days. Delusion runs deep, y'all.
Give me a break. The WH can't possibly investigate itself. You should be removed from office for collusion and/or intent to disrupt.
John, you're on that train. Hopefully it'll hurt like hell when you & the rest of the @GOP jump off the Trump train.
Versus the current train wreck already in progress ... John at some point you're going to have to stand up for America.
I'm afraid he's made it pretty plain that he's not going to do that. Why would he start now?
I understand, however, he needs to know the people's expectations and that he will be held accountable.
You need to speak out against this immoral, anti-American criminal!!! STOP with this #partyovercountry  #YouWorkForUs
No, Sen Cornyn, the White House is the train wreck waiting to happen.  Maybe time to raise the warning flag.
Again predictable.
What's really true: from Day One, the Trump administration was a train wreck waiting to happen.
three or four chairmen and the special counsel can deconflict, they have done it many times before.
Say Corndog are u going to disrespect Comey like u did Yates? Or are you going to ask questions regarding trump and the Russians?
Annul this Presidency.Congress has the power to do it. Now he calls Comey nut job to the russians, incl Sisyak ! America looks like idiots
If you care so much, stop obstructing and let those that aren't Trump lackeys get to the truth you are trying to keep buried. #MAGA #trump
Train wreck for you and your comrades.
Not worried personally, are we, Sen?
If u had asked Sally Yates any Q's about Russian influence u would have a modicum of credibility left on this. But u didn't and so u don't.
Only bc you can't do your job. If you could, we wouldn't be in this situation. Stop complaining that others are willing to do what you won't
Instead of following the Liberal Democrats lead, you should be standing firmly with the POTUS! U R the reason we need term limits!
So multiple investigations into your friend is a problem but wasting money on benghazi was necessary. Texas deserves better than you
A U.S. Senator believes its the # of investigations that are the problem, NOT the REASONS for the investigations. Guess Putin got to you 2.

the train wreck is the corrupt administration
No John, your ignorant leader is the "train wreck", & it's the double-talk of the GOP that's adding to the confusion! #BlueWave2020 #Byebye
True,making you argument against special prosecutor/commission to consolidate investigation inane. You are a GOP loyalist 1st, American 2nd.
did trump ask you to pledge loyalty too?                  or are you sticking w/the "family" like ryan demands.       #CountryOverParty
Impeach already and get it over.
Why are you not chanting, "lock him up!"
Perhaps you and the rest of Repub party will take responsibility for the hate monger corrupt person you elected and still champion.
Assuming U are referring to the multiplicity of damaging information that will result - & how difficult it will be to defend multiple fronts
If you would do your job focusing on the right questions to ask instead of distractions maybe we the people would get honest answers #2018
Trump is the train wreck. The investigations are a response. Blame the man, not the investigations.
So you don't want the truth to come forth or.....?
And wastes time and money.
We, your constituents, want to know the truth, and we obviously can't count on you or your treasonous party to give it to us!! Shame on you!
@potus is a train wreck already happening. Impeach or 25th Amendment him now!
Texans have asked you repeatedly to create an independent commission investigating this. If you ever held a town hall you'd know this.
I guess you should have thought about that before you backed a train wreck of a candidate for the presidency.
.@JohnCornyn Your Texas Constituents: Start listening to us and do your job. If you had, there would not be multiplicity of investigations.
You were trying to find a away to ignore @realDonaldTrump misdeeds, now you have a way out but want to act like you are concerned.
The GOP is a train wreck, this is your president.. you own him.
Certainly, you would not want to "inadvertently" impede the investigation. PS- your trump train already crashed!
perhaps if Americans believed the Senate investigation was being done in good faith, we would not have gotten to this point
You couldn't stay on topic! Of course we need independent investigation! #TrumpRussia #MarchForTruth
Whtat can I say, you let many of us down.
What about all the Benghazi investigations going on at the same time. Stop with the spin.
Oh bullshit John, 'Multiplicity of Investigations' likely to catch your buttkissing complicity.
Scared, traitor? Your constituents wanted this, but we also knew you don't care about your constituents. You'll be investigated too.
You're a train wreck that's already happened....Go Away, you're unless to your constituents
You Supreme weasel! WTF trump is the train wreck and ur trying to cover for him! U sir should be so ashamed! What happened to you?
JC shouts as a spectator from the sidelines......
well a grown up had to be appointed to do a complete and thorough job. You have done nothing in the time uv had.
Well, shoot, if you'd stood up and said at any point you'd wanted to objectively follow the facts, we'd trust y'all more. #CountryOverParty
Your entire party IS a train wreck. The people have finally found their voice to demand that you stop hurting us.
That's what you get when the House & Senate GOP are trying to obstruct truth finding.
You never wanted to do your job anyway. #gopcoverup
The "train wreck" was that Trump got elected at all. The GOP has been exploiting this chaos to try to force bad conservative ideas into law.
Train Wreck already happened on January 20, 2017
your shameful!
What are you personally worried about senator?
You iughta know
Senator, the train wreck is in the oval office. Your hypocrisy is repulsive. Do you ever speak with your colleague, McCain? Obviously not.
#canCornyn2020
You REALLY don't want to see what comes out of a true investigation, do you?
He probably has a Russian retirement plan
If they find nothing, we go on. If they find something, that's a train wreck? Only for you.
No, John. The American people don't trust any of you from the @GOP to tell the truth. Are you scared your skeletons might come out? 
Stop putting party before people and represent your constituents
You got that right!  A waste of #taxpayer $$s. What happens if all 3 don't come 2 the same conclusion? #RussiaInvestigation
- Solution is obvious - form a Select Committee! Public needs transparency & Mueller probe will be out of public eye
Train wreck is GOP enabling a treasonous POTUS who lies more than he tells the truth. Train wreck that you  are gas-lighting. 
Just stop NOW
Maybe...just maybe...you should have gotten off your ass and done something instead of impeding your own investigation as best you could?
No. Cornyn is much more interested in the ancillary stuff, hoping to distract from #TrumpRussiaCollusion. Still a T lackey. #OutIn20
Can't wait till we can jettison this trash.
I thought you supported finding the truth?  What happened?  Trump get to you?
The train wreck is ongoing.  Impeach train wreck trump and coordinate the criminal investigations.
Wow. So...disclosing ally intelligence to Russia is nbd? #Trumprussia
Funny.  Just heard Will Hurd saying just the opposite on NPR.
Traitor

How much time and money is being wasted on parallel investigations? I this not the "swamp" that needs draining?
Train wreck? I will bet dollars to donuts that special counsel won't ask a single question about the  discredited EO or HRC emails. /2
You and Ted can have those worthless avenues of investigation and continue to embarrass Texas. Won't bother this investigation at all.
Yes, congress should coordinate and defer to Mueller. Special Counsel is the right move and necessary to preserve our democracy.
Stop playing a partisan puppet. Be a patriot. Country before party.
Well I think it's safe to say that the American people put very little faith in any investigation lead by congress.
Let the Trains wreck. I want to see the Democrats, #deepstate & GOP RINOS with bloodied noses. 
American people: Trump presidency is a train wreck that is already happening.
I'd like to see the memos of your meetings with Trump
Good point. Me, too.
Sorry your boy trump is under investigation. Cant wait 2 see how long u support him until u jump ship like the other rats on a sinking ship
But on the other hand I guess we know where you stand. Still with Trump. This is unacceptable. Your loyalty should be to TX. #OutIn20
To the Constitution he swore to protect
Amen.
Well I guess you'll just have to be careful not to step on each other's toes, huh? WTH man? There is RUSSIAN infl in our WH. Do Your Job!
AMEN to that
