Under the Better Care Reconciliation Act, Medicaid spending would grow year after year, a $71 billion increase from 2017-2026
The more you give, the more it hurts to take it away. Scary words: "I'm from the govt and I'm here to help".
Medicaid is an extremely popular program. It's even popular among Republicans. Is it perfect? Nothing is, but it works better than private.
False. There is no correlation between Medicaid coverage and life expectancy or general health. Current growth is unsustainable.
not sure about life expectancy, but definitely correlates on mortality and health. No evidence it works WORSE than private insurance. 1/
Medicaid currently serves population w/ high health costs--end of life care particularly growing due to longer life expectancy. /2
health care costs are rising for all due to many factors but cutting medicaid doesn't fix. same problems effect private insurance. 3/
Here's a study fresh off the presses: http://www.oregonlive.com/health/index.ssf/2017/06/study_after_medicaid_expansion.html … 4/
And here's a meta-analysis proving Medicaid works. http://www.nejm.org/doi/pdf/10.1056/NEJMsb1706645 …
It provides better coverage at lower costs than private alternative. If you'd stop cutting taxes for billionaires, you could find the cash.
Boomers will need nursing home care. That's not cheap.
2+2=JELLO #GOPArithmatic
Better Care Reconciliation Act Proposal makes it right:

BCRAP

Go back to drawing board. Work w Dems, medical & econ pros vs ins/pharm reps
Also actual providers. I'm not sure why we seem to get left out of the conversation so often.
Absolutely. Committee should have ALL interested parties. Consumers, providers, economists. Insur co should be represented, just not solely.
Then quit giving tax breaks to the wealthy.
Sure, it can, if we raise taxes on people like you & me who can afford to pay more so everyone has essential, quality health care.
There r countless Americans who believe that in order to build a gr8 country, we have 2 take care of one another.What does the @GOP believe?
Their goal is maximizing wealth for the wealthy, not maximizing health for everyone.
More horse crap from JC, he should run as a dem. 
No tax cuts for the rich.  Period.  Tax cuts Should not be in this mess at all
We get what we pay for. I'd be happy to return to Reagan's tax rates.
And when GOP says we must reduce CORPORATE taxes, I get angry. The workers have seen payroll taxes increase and public services decrease.
You're right the spending can't continue 4ever but the costs will keep rising 4ever bc the new bill does nothing to actually cut HC costs.
That's why Obama's CMS was making sure kids w/disabil were getting early intervention. Cheaper. Tx is still denying ABA for kids w/autism.
It's not Medicaid growth that's the problem. The underlying cause is medical inflation, and your bill didn't address it.
1 fewer trillion $ non-functioning warplane should cover it.
Then work on cutting costs of pharmaceuticals, procedures, hospital costs, insurance company exec salaries, fraud, waste, etc. not coverage.
There needs to be an audit of those on Medicaid!  Some are using the system!!
All well cutting services to to disabled, senior s.
Repubs think cutting taxes on rich, increasing def spending & slashing social services & letting people die can continue forever - it can't.
Well, then do like China and cap birthrates. Wont do it? Then get your act together and stop lying about what you're up to.
Sorry, Grandma, no hospice for you, John Cornyn said that Medicaid spending needed to be controlled.
can the current pace of military spending go on forever?  Answer that. You won't.
Single payer.
Trumpcare doesn't address it. Need universal healthcare with large risk pool buying power to get costs under control so lower inc can afford
The current pace of hand outs to the wealthy cannot continue forever at the expense of middle class, disabled and elderly.
Under Obama DOL & CMS were creating innovative training & recruitment programs to ensure people w/disabil could get jobs.
Johnny Johnny Johnny no matter how much lipstick you put on BCHA its still a BS lie you tell your voters.
Address the underlying costs of healthcare. Lots of hospital and insurance CEO's making a ton of money for themselves and shareholders.
Glad someone is mentioning this fact!
#FullRepeal
bcra is a huuuuuuuge tax cut for very rich
Sure it can when you scumbags stop giving our tax dollars to your rich friends!
Actually, yes it can.  Stop giving tax breaks to the wealthiest people in this country. When the bottom is lifted up, we all are.
Because u have mismanaged/allowed others to mismanage it......stellar work Senator!
Hold #TownHall  Address the 22 million insured gap.
Since you seem to care so much, maybe you should give up your tax payer-funded insurance.
Amazing how everything you say about this subject is disputed by more knowledge people than you. #cowardcorynyn
Your plan is a major money kickback to the billionaires, so your excuse that giving poor people medical care is unaffordable is pure bull.
Then, you and your fellow senators and congress need to use the same health plan that you offer us citizens. Eat your own dog food.
Elephant in rm employer ins; it stifles freedom of movement. Good coverage in a free market would be improvement. Not there yet.
Then repeal all those corporate tax give aways to pay for it.
R Senators think cutting Medicaid by 35% is critical to "stabilizing" it. #Trumpcare is a tax cut.
Conservatives think that ever increasing tax breaks 4 the super rich can go on forever. IT CANT
Why is it that military spending can INCREASE, but medical spending cannot continue at same pace?  Why is GOP intent on killing people?
you can't continue as senator forever. Pack your bags.
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
It could if you would allow taxes to increases on those who have millions. But the main idea of GOP-"TAXES ARE FOR WORKING CHUMPS."
Stop the madness! We don't want socialism=death to America !
Guess what, I agree! But the BCRA's solution is to let insurance companies strip coverage. Maybe a poor person can afford a new junk plan...
But since it doesn't provide the coverage he needs, we've got all the same problems we did before the ACA.
Some solutions: close whatever loophole is allowing these fake standalone ERs to generate ridiculous bills.
Require that healthcare pricing be made transparent. I want to know if my MRI cost is $500 or $2k & exactly what I'll pay BEFORE I get it.
(@BillCassidy agrees with me on this one.)
Open Medicare enrollment to people in their 50s.
The country has GOT to get serious about reducing healthcare costs, not just insurance costs. BCRA is ultimately an insurance bailout.
Why is Susan Collins so unhinged?
Senator, if you got a handle of price inflation and brought the share of GDP down to levels seen elsewhere, you would have more room
We spend 18% of our GDP on health care versus the 6-7% more typical in other countries. Get that under control and we can ensure health 4all
You think the middle class can continue to fund & help make the rich, richer forever. We can't!

But the tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans can continue?  At a time our nation has high income inequality and it is worsening each year.
BullShit! Healthcare is a Right, not a market.
Then work on lowing medical costs. Pharma comps and medical supplies are making huge profit on the vulnerable and sick.
If it can't, then, why the big push to repeal it now?  Just wait it out, it will take care of itself, right???
It could - work on a jobs  bill for infrastructure- and don't  outsource to Foreign  countries. Your ideology is failing the  USA.
Your giant tax cut to the rich could be scrapped.  Voila! More money.  Don't scrap Medicaid.  Make it better.
Where's your jobs bill that entices companies to create jobs with quality benefits?
Yes it can. Have corporations making massive profits pay their share of taxes. End corporate welfare. That goes for the wealthy too.
So cut out astronomical defense spending
Seriously? Are you less intelligent than the Canadians who have managed to provide health care to their total population? #trumpeugenics
Single payer is the only way to drive down costs AND cover everyone.  This is what you should work towards.  Take profits out of healthcare.

So let's eliminate it? You have issues you must deal with soon. Idaho thinks you might need psychiatric help.
It can if we change our priorities. You know that.
Tell Rob Portman to quit pushing to expand Medicaid while claiming he's for repealing Obamacare.
Acceptable answer as long as you cut military spending by the same amounts every year.
Taxing Wall Street speculation would cover it.
Caps are not the answer.
This critic is mostly disgusted that you're disguising a massive tax cut for the rich behind making insurance more expensive for the sick.
So cut the rug out from neediest!
Military spending grows continuously. What's the difference?
But spending for tax cuts on the wealthy sure can!
Not if you want to give 500 billion in tax breaks to the already wealthiest Americans.
IT'S WORTH THE MONEY / IF WE CAN FIND THE GARBAGE MONEY TO PAY YOUR SALARY, WE CAN SURELY FIND MONEY FOR HEALTHCARE
Please call every Democrat who claims we are cutting medicaid a LIAR in the loudest, widest terms possible...Please don't hold punches.
The solution is Tax The Fucking Rich and SPEND MORE!
So cutting almost a billion dollars from it is going to help? Sure as hell won't help those who need it!
Then come up with a better plan to fix it than a huge tax cut for the wealthy. This isn't hard stuff, John. You've had 7 years. Chop chop.
The tax break for your rich friends doesn't have to go through at the expense of the poor ppl! @gop #truecolors
The employee model is still largely working but will not make sense for where the economy is heading and is increasingly disenfranchising
With AI & robotics, the shift to freelancing, the employer/employee funding model will begin collapsing.
It can if congress funds it! More sillyness from .@JohnCornyn , it is simple math and budgets.
The optimal setup then is a single risk pool. Anything else is sub-optimal from a systems perspective.
People making choice off the tables are sub-optimized. The larger the risk pool the better versus shrinking the risk pool.
Individuals don't make good choices or have the info. The actuarial tables do so cost is already aligned to benefits and optimized.
Not without tax increases on the wealthy, but you don't want to listen, do you? #trickledowndoesntwork
John, you & all other 'Pubs never directly address the tax cut for the wealthy question.  Grover had you by the balls from Day 1.
Cut spending on military. Extreme waste in that department
Private just adds a profit component with no additional value. Improvements are not driven by market forces largely since actuarial driven.
well TRUMP stated he could grow the economy we're waiting @MSNBC @PoliticalDiscor @IndivisibleTeam @indivisibletxjc @indtx36
But diverting the money from Medicaid to pockets of billionaires and CEOs makes perfect sense, right?
The cost of insurance is a result of the actuarial value of the underlying services. Private, public, etc. isn't the core of the argument.
Bigly tax cuts for the rich can't continue forever, either.  Of course another brilliant idea is  the debt ceiling.  Constituent 75023
Simply moving responsibility to those with the least power, least knowledge, and least ability to change anything doesn't work.
Insurance and Medicaid cost are a result of the cost of underlying healthcare. Focus on that.
So let's give the rich a big fat tax cut. Great plan. When is the town hall in Houston? We need to talk.
Your lack of imagination in solving this problem disqualifies you from public service. Resign.
Supplement with the millions of dollars you give BCBSA plans for admin'ing Federal Employee benefits, on top of the premiums taxpayers pay.
I need help with a FOIA to see that contract Fed has with BCBSA and other Plans for admin'ing Fed employee and Congress Member's benefits.
Ya if only we had a means to fix it? Fix it w/o killing ppl, fix it w/o condemning millions to no care. But that might take bipartisanship 
Sure it can. Just stop giving the super wealthy huge tax cuts they don't need.
In your words, #FakeNews 

#AHCA = #BCRA = #DeathCare = #Trumpcare = #Wealthcare = #TaxCuts for the wealthy
Maybe your critics.
Your views cannot be trusted when you want those monies for your rich donors.
What would happen if you set Medicaid up similar to the VA system as a separate entity? There must be a better way.
And you think you will be reelected....LMAO
I'm willing to pay for singlepayer gym memberships rather than a healthcare system that mainly treats obesity related diseases.
All you guys do is b*tch and moan how Obamacare stinks, push tax cuts for the wealthy & have no viable healthcare plan.  What good are you?
It has been here since you were a child to an adult congressman. Quit trying to justify taking Medicare and Medicaid from those who need it
No one trusts what you say anymore. You'd sell your mothers soul to get the murderous healthcare passed--all for that money under the table.
Maybe if you had the balls to raise taxes on the wealthiest instead of cutting them it could.
What is your plan for people with disabilities who depend on Medicaid to be able to continue to live safely in their own homes? Details...
Thank you for telling the truth. People don't realize that if we keep Medicaid spending as is, it won't be around for future generations.
Ridiculous #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
POINT 7: CBO lays blame for the insurer exit largely with Trump.   In fact... 12 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
A stunning pair of charts of the CBO report from my colleague @alv9n 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Center for American Progress has broken down the Senate bill's Medicaid losses for vets by state, based on the CBO: http://ampr.gs/2sjDZOO  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
This is wild. The tax cuts 400 families get from the BCRA equals the Medicaid expansion for 700,000+ people. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …
Who thinks that? Critics r calling 4 productive change that will save the program and the ppl who need it. U seem to seek it's destruction
In order to benefit your wealthy donors
Congress needs to be covered by Medicaid.
Simple solution, help come up with a better plan.  That's why we put you there.  If you can't be useful then get out of the way!
It is cheaper to cover fewer conditions and people.
You think tax breaks for the rich can continue forever...
So don't cut taxes for the rich....that easy
This will not change until Profiteering on injured/sick/dying Americans is ended. Medicare for All! @GOP
It'll be over sooner than you think. Only question is how much wealth will be lost when the financial markets crash
But your congressional salary and access to lucrative lobbying contracts when you leave can? 
Don't forget the recent request of $30K for rent. All the while the real taxpayers get screwed on programs with THEIR $ being taken away

You can't go on sucking as a Senator forever either. This is all about your tax cut. #worstsenstorinusa
O he'll continue to suck. He doesn't have enough shame to try to do better. We need to #VoteHimOut in 20. #TurnTXBlue
Unless he's convinced TX is gerrymandered sufficiently, he won't run. His approval rating is 28%. About the same as head lice.
Critics just think we can do better than an additional 22 million Americans losing insurance.  Good start is getting rid of 250+ tax break.
It easily could if we stopped giving the rich massive tax breaks that they don't need.
Dead people don't cost much, eh? Excellent point.
