And most telling ... whatever does the @GOP want to so with all that savings ... ???
How is that a saving?
all a shell game -they wanted 2 cap Medicaid spending & treat the delta as "savings" then pass that & other cuts on to the top 2% of earners
ACA has been the biggest improvement in de-escelating soaring costs so far. It can be improved to be even better
I can't fathom that much money, maybe you can use a more understandable unit of measure... how many stealth bombers is that?
R u just ignoring all the other facts.
That $ goes back into the economy, to Drs, Hospitals, nurses, etc. Maybe you need to levy new taxes to bring that $ back into the coffers
You keep cherry picking which projections by CBO you believe.  If it helps your bill, you believe it, if it doesn't you call it fake news.
Get illegal Medicaid down
BullShit! John, and you know it.
End Medicaid now!

They do not rely on Medicaid.  They may qualify, but they get military medicine free.


Families should be taking care of grandma. Locking her in a nursing home is the opposite of what is right
Did u read linked article?Many have outlived relatives&their financial resources. More r older with complex care needs
A few have. Part of that problem is people not having kids, therefore nobody to help.
Good thing you guys imported millions of 3rd world immigrants who contribute next to nothing huh?
It's not unsustainable.  It just demonstrates your priorities.
You want to cut Medicaid not to save $, but to give the rich a huge tax break.
REPEAL OBUMERCARE MEANS REPEAL OBUMERCARE, CONSTITUTION DOESN'T COVER HC, government has NO business being involved in HC, REPEAL, PERIOD!
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain
The population will grow and the @GOP refuses to raise the min wage or support unions that would boost incomes and Medicaid usage.
Obamacare fully funds the Medicaid expansion.
Please come up with a better hc bill that helps eliminate wasteful government spending w/out harming the people you serve
They're projecting more disabled people, driving your numbers. You want to take care from disabled people? Vote against ACA repeal.
How about taxes on people with more money than everyone else combined. Let the medicaid recievers "eat cake". You are mean. Please quit
What, so now the CBO isn't fake news?? Choose a lie and stick to it John.
As long as u won't pass living wage laws, give welfare to the rich, refuse to enact Medicare for all, Medicaid rolls will go up.
Oh, but you said the CBO is habitually incorrect. Sorry, Senator, you can't have it both ways.

How many deaths of Americans acceptable to you to give B$ to wealthest? ATX Townhall? @IndivisibleTeam
If this county would fully fund education, so our children could learn skills for good paying jobs, then there won't be a rise in Medicaid
You think that's bad? You should look at the maternal death rate increase in Texas.
When @realDonaldTrump is removed from office, we can never forget how long and hard @JohnCornyn fought for his corrupt administration.
Save the country, you plea. Ok, I am willing to sacrifice so kids have healthy country. What are you sacrificing, sir? Or your benefactors?
Maybe you should stand up to lobbyists and get rid of this profit driven healthcare system. Control the costs!
Only because healthcare will cost so damn much
Why is healthcare single-payer and less expensive in all other countries? No for-profit insurers or pharm companies. Who do you work for?
- Enough. Stop trying to justify the unjustifiable. BCRA stinks to high heaven & 83%+ of Americans know it. Single payer
You understand inflation and population increase right?
He's trying to spin cutting $800 billion from the program and taking 22 million (numbers from that CBO report John) off healthcare
Why haven't I ever seen you worry about the rising cost of the military?
So what? IT WILL SAVE 40,000 American LIVES.
People will DIE because of the #RIP
Republican
Insurance
Plan
22 million will lose insurance under @GOP Tax plan (it's not a healthcare bill).

Full text of #Deathcare bill
https://www.scribd.com/mobile/document/351994696/Senate-Health-Care-Bill-Discussion-Draft …
R u sure? #'s I heard~> CBO, posted (I thought) was $32 million.  I guess once you get numbers that big, a few millions + or - don't matter
Cronyn is deceiving you.  Read the CBO report for yourselves:  

https://www.cbo.gov/system/files/115th-congress-2017-2018/costestimate/52849-hr1628senate.pdf …
so, do you have a comment on that, that is meaningful ? inflation ? numbers ? economics ? demographics? taxes ? no ? nothing ? SURPRISE !!!
As a start, we must negotiate pharma costs.
Mr. Cornyn supports a cruel bill that hurts those who are not fortunate to have money/resources. A cruel, vicious bill to Hurt us.  Why?

that's thanks to the Wal-marting of American jobs. Work with no benefits. Want to tackle welfare? Start with corporate welfare.

then TRUMP needs to start making those deals and grow the economy @PoliticalDiscor @indivisibletxjc @nytimes @MSNBC @NBCNews
Wow, those spending cuts are draconian!
And mush worse under TrumpCare....you foolishly forgot to add that part!! Its like ur trying to deceive people.....Nah!!! Really?
This tweets was sponsored by a donation to the republicans by
.@JohnCornyn What's misleading about this is that the GOP plan reduces the growth planned by the ACA over 10 yrs. You're cherry picking.
Well when you keep increasing bonus' to health insurance admins. And pharma what do you expect? Call Buddy and see what he says.
That's because you don't have the balls to correct Medicaid to what it was originally intended for.
Well then do your job and lower health care expenses like medicine, hospitals, doctors, etc.
And these are the mean-spirited cuts the democrats are talking about?
Yes, Boomers are hitting the years where institutional Medicaid will be a big player.
clearly we are spending enough on Medicaid. Likely too much. How much per beneficiary?
74 million Americans on Medicaid. Almost $5000 for each one of them. How is it that almost 1 in 4 are on Medicaid?
Governing is hard, so best to work with Dems.
When you oppose Medicaid spending, you're saying you're opposed to saving American lives. Let poor people die so the rich can get tax cuts.
Senator - please read this.
We have way too many people dependent upon the government. Families need to have more responsibility for their own.
Show your work!
Is that due, at least in part, to increase in the # of older recipients - many of whom will need higher levels of care plus nursing homes?
Stop lying! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA  #SinglePayer #Medicaid 
https://twitter.com/johnarnoldfndtn/status/880416978472755201 …
You're constituents seem pretty pissed. Why don't you grow a pair and meet with us face to face? Scared? Cuz you're cheating and lying? 

There are no fucking jobs. And no fucking jobs with healthcare.
just goes to show facts don't really matter . they interested in all the fake news. they are satisfied until it really effect them
NEW POLL POST CBO ON REPEAL--

Keep/Fix ACA: 75%
Repeal: 18%

Among Trump Voters
Keep/Fix ACA: 53%
Repeal: 40%
Even his own party is not keen on the plan. It would be funny if we weren't going to hurt for this nonsense.
Why is that?  It's because of you allowing Your nana to spend taxpayer dollars on uncontrolled entitlements.
Sad thing is, we keep electing RINOs like you, expecting you to actually do something about it. You don't. We lose. America loses.
Absolutely unacceptable
Fix the ACA or you may get voted out of office. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
And is that expected to keep pace with growing health costs? I'll help you. The answer is no. You know what you're doing. Stop lying.
maybe...going out on a limb here: MAX PROFIT IN HEALTHCARE IS UNETHICAL!
Then you'd better start expanding Medicare. We need universal healthcare. The rest of the world does it and it works.
The economy is not working. People can not get jobs. Sears, Radio Shack, etc going out of business.
How does that compare with inflation and increased population of those eligible? Give all the facts. Be informative.
Great. We all agree that CBO report info is good. Now what to do about millions of people that will be left w/o medical coverage?
It's clear that You and the @GOP DON'T work for the America people. Your $$$ whores to corporations, special interests and Dark Money
Raise taxes.
So let's join the world by providing healthcare to everyone! Every American deserves quality healthcare. #MedicareForAll #Compassion #love
This would be better discussed in a #TownHall. Why are you hiding from us? We've got some serious concerns about your priorities
Pardon, @JohnCornyn, the  CBO predicted a certain number of expected deaths under #Republicaresucks and your cohort said they're left wing.
The baseline is spending under current law.
Perhaps if you raised the minimum wage to  LIVING wage more people would move out of poverty and not have to depend on medicade
And your plan does what for deductibles, caps, essential benefits? #SinglePayer
Which is still a cut over the current funding, particularly after adjusting for medical inflation, per the CBO, which you know. stop lying.
Fixing healthcare takes putting us, we the people, before your party! Either fix the #ACA or give us #MedicareForAll.
Just 17 Percent Of Americans Approve Of Republican Senate Health Care Bill : NPR
You keep trying to sell us on tax breaks on the wealthy. It's NOT WORKING. We WANT healthcare for everyone.
then work to lower drug prices & other expenses instead of gutting it & literally killing people! #StopTrumpCare #killthebill
I always wondered what a traitor looks like now I know.
You're an embarrassment to our democracy. Go back and read your oath.Your duties include protecting the American people not killing them.
so fucking cut defense spending.
Everyone knows what this law will be. Just a payoff for you and your wealthy masters. Do the right thing john boy.
Good... let's help Americans! You know, people!
So now you are advocating the @USCBO ?
Didn't you say that the @USCBO is invariably wrong just a few days ago?
I thought you did too
#BetterCare can go further
Disgusting hypocrite
You are horrible! You just keep lying and deflecting from the fact you are a traitor and want to take healthcare away from 26 million ppl.
Yes, but lets not forget....
CBO record of prediction is invariably wrong https://twitter.com/aaronblake/status/879492861896556545 …
Do tell, what was Medicaid spending scheduled to be in 2027 before you got your hand on it?
Fake. Ur concerns r fr the wealthy.
The NRA $$$ lines your pockets and you do not give a flying f@#k about your constituents. #turntexasblue
And your solutions are? Oh yeah, let people die.
He isn't worried about anything except the taxcut for the rich.
Why is a #Republican expanding wasteful gov program, but won't consider #MedicareForAll? Why do you support  single provider for veterans?

I got this from something YOU shared a few days ago. Do you post and believe EVERYONE is going to just take your word for it and NOT read?
Fair point, John. Care to respond? How about a Town Hall and hear what your constituents think of this plan? The intent of the recess.
CBO is accurate now? Weird. Several days ago you said it wasn’t.  Do you think you’ll ever do anything but be a gop lap dog?


Texans project you get voted out!
Whoohoo!!!
#CanCornyn2020
You much have some sort of schizophrenic relationship with CBO. Or short term memory loss whereby you forget which leg you're standing on?
Super wealthy shouldn't be given tax cuts to buy another vacay home while poor children and elderly are left to die. USA too wealthy 4 that
This doesn't sound like the GOP is "killing" Americans.  You need to get the TRUTH out to all.  Don't be pushed around
@JohnCornyn your wilful misrepresentation of CBO data is reprehensible. 22 million people LOSE COVERAGE. $700 BILLION are CUT. Texans DIE.
Crying about medicaid but we got money for space programs. war after war golf trips We pay for all of Trumps sons business trips
Numbers without context mean nothing, but you know that.
That's 5.6% increase year after year.  Calculating in inflation and population growth, it's actually quite reasonable.
Do you even understand what Medicaid is, John? If health care costs and addiction spikes, treatment expenses rise.
We need single-payer/Medicaid for all. And YOU need to hold open town halls because democracy.
Democracy is a good word Sen Cornyn
IDoes this keep up with the current pace of increasing healthcare costs ?
Thank Obama for the mess we're in right  now! But not letting YOU OFF THE HOOK for not being PREPARED to present a "Repeal & Replace" plan!
It is the duty of good citizens to do their part to care for others. RAISE TAXES ON THE RICH.  Problem solved.
Stop defending a HUGE tax cut for the wealthy.  We know your real priorities.

MORE bullshit spin by the Master of the Death Panel, @johncornyn
So let 'em just die, right?
"CBO record of prediction is invariably wrong" - John Cornyn 4 days ago
Weren't supposed to remember that & show creative use of information to distract & confuse. Thinks TX decline in educ means we're all stupid
Oh, with facts you agree with the CBO is golden today?  Allowing Americans to die is NOT conservative Christian pro-life position. EVIL yes
Real Americans would prefer to take care of themselves. Relying on govt. for life will insure your early death.
I wish my finances work like government finances. We are headed for a financial collapse with a certainty that is absolutely. You're fired!
so how do you feel about kicking 22,0000,000 of health care?  pretty good?
Yes, that's because health care costs keep rising.  Let's fix the ACTUAL problem!
You guys need to work through August recess.
You cannot put a price on the life of a human being.  Or do you?
It's a tax cut for the rich. End of story. #worstsenatorinusa
