195 countries signed the Paris deal, 2 oppose it. For now. https://usat.ly/2qCD7oD  
Is there a similar exit strategy to rid us of you as our senator?
So you don't think we should work to treat our planet with care?
Doing the right thing is morally binding. Destroying our environment is morally and ethically inept.
We'd like our children to be able to grow up and breathe. This is disgraceful.
But it's a good idea. As an employee of this taxpayer I urge you to convince @realDonaldTrump to stay in #Parisclimateaccord.
Another obstructionist GOP re-writing history.  You're such a joke.
So you're saying you would have supported it?  Then do so now. America could lead on this and set our future up for success.
Get real. Our Republican president is mentally ill and you blame Obama for Trump's demented actions.
Who gives a crud.  you and I know the negative impact on relations and world and it is a disgrace to leave it.  I vote in TX
Oh fkn yeah....you're going to be outta there buddy! #cancornyn2020 #cancornynin20
Shame on you. Do you have kids and grandkids? They will curse the day you said it's a good thing - good luck looking in mirror. SHAME
Does your political philosophy extend beyond blaming your former boss for everything?
Actually we were his boss, but he simply sold out to highest bidder. #oil #pharma #energy
yes, i know constituents are supposed to be his "boss." you've missed the point the jab
That's flatly not true.
So it's totally ok if we stay in then...
Yeah and The accord was another attempt at a massive international redistribution of wealth at American taxpayer expense. Good for Trump!!!
Let's discuss at a town hall John? Isn't that part of being our senator?
Way to pass the buck. 
You and Senators of your ilk would have shot it down. At least we have it until change of power in 2020.
Proud of being that third? Good company with Syria huh?
So why pull out?
So, does that make it right? What's right is voting you and Cruz out.
#cancornyn2020! Who will run against him? Let's start fundraising NOW for a challenger.
Who cares?! It's still vital for this country and our planet! What a childish thing to say.
Of course! Because y'all would definitely have given it an honest look. Like you did with Merrick Garland. So disengenuous.
And since your generation will be dead who cares about clean air and water, right? As long as oil and gas pay your bills..
That's because he knew that you who made a pact to "Say no" to everything he tried to do would kill it even though most of us supported it.
@USATODAY Yeah. Right. Let's test your clean energy ideas. Stick a smoke tower burning good ol' clean coal up into your office.
Great message to your grandkids, "I don't give a f*ck about you". Well, Johnny, we don't give a f*ck about you. You're done.
Bless your heart.
I'm sorry as a constituent wejust ceded our role as ldr in world to China,Pruitt and world. How does it feel to be in company w Syria&Nic?
So happy to be joining Syria & Nicaragua against Treaty.  Russia & China eager to take lead on this now.  We keep giving gifts to Russia.
So you want to kill the earth on a legal technicality? I can see you're a lawyer but I can't believe that you were ever a judge. No wisdom.
Whether or not it's legally binding isn't the issue
@USATODAY We see you.
So what? Thanks for ruining the environment for our kids.
Is this what you want for Texas? Polluted cities? Extreme weather that could bring floods and tornadoes? Climate change is for real!
Wow. Misleading much? Republicans never would even bring legislation to vote.That was Only way Pres Obama cld get even a little done
Thats your reason ? not that only Syria has not signed ? not that even oil co's want Paris Treaty ? weak tea  !! @tedcruz @JudgeJohnCarter
Better check your comments, Senator. You are working against your constituents wishes.

YUP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Binding or no, it's still critical for the future of our state and future generations. Show some cojones and put Texas before party for once
Yeah because republicans are ignorant and believe climate change is a hoax.  So it would have never been signed by them.
Never ratified, never would help the climate, I agree. we would wind up paying the bill as usual to make others look good. Thnk you
Try doing something ethical for a change. Or have you been morally bankrupt for so long, you don't know the difference between right & wrong
Not so fast. What about the Treaty on Treaties I keep. Hearing about? Sounds to me like when Obama signed it we are obligated.

Are you a science denier John or just paid by the Koch brothers?
You support this and your legacy will end in 2020 and you will be remembered as caving to a demagogue.
The USA used to be a leader! We are lumped in with Nicaragua and Syria. Can't wait to vote you out!
It doesn't need to be legally binding to do the right thing @JohnCornyn. I just don't understand how a grown man doesn't understand science
Please Do not destroy our Planet. Why reject Science? Your job is to protect our National Security.
Wow, the things you think to brag about are mind boggling. Following you, guessing games & all, is breathtakingly enlightening and sad.
So you are going to be one of those jerks. At least you take a stand, unlike @JudgeTedPoe
So it serves what to walk away rich white good ole boys
So you oppose this treaty as well?  I instead of pulling out why not work to improve?
Country over party Mr. Cornyn. We need to be the leaders in clean energy and taking care of our planet!
So Trump is trying to get out of it but you want to blame Obama for that how does this help Americans
Wrong side of history.Siding with Syria?Using Obama as an excuse,God gave us charge over the land you will be held accountable #stewardship
Republicans plan was to obstruct everything that Obama did do you really think it would have passed
So we will join Syria and Nicaragua in rejecting it.  We are an embarrassment to the entire world.
Do not let this happen. We are losing our standing in the world!
You are the worst senator for this planet
Hall of shame.
U.S. Senate Hall of Shame: these 22 Senators urged Trump to pull the U.S. from the Paris climate accord, joining outliers Syria & Nicaragua. 
It's upsetting to know that the US will no longer be the leader in renewable energy. Instead of adding jobs you're taking them away.
It is the right thing to do, and you know it.
Because you Repubs would have stonewalled anything proposed by Obama
So of course that means you fools must deep six It because it was a good plan! You must really love ur grandkids.....
But it is the right thing to do.
So that justifies withdrawing from it?
Why can't the republicans start doing what's right and not what's profitable for their donors?
That doesn't mean it's wrong. Pulling out only means more pollution and more profits for coal and oil.
A lawyer's kind of comment. Is it the right thing to do, Senator?
Nearly 70 per cent of Americans, including a majority of people in all 50 states support the Paris climate deal.
Cool story bro. Does global warming have to be ratified by the senate too? #ScienceIsGlobal #ParisAgreement
well, since he is no longer President, perhaps you guys could, if that was the course of action that you chose?
So what? It's still a very good idea to be a leader in the world on these issues. Or do you not care about the future of grandchildren?
He knew it wouldn't pass the Senate, & you were one of the main ones opposing it. Don't be coy b\c your Exxon overlords support it now.
So, your position that a good action you aren't legally bound to shouldn't be taken. Explains a lot, actually.
Gosh if the USA leaves the Paris Accord deal, we'll be with Nicaragua and Syria … "that's a good idea" said no one ever.
You are on the wrong side of the future on this one Corny. You and your Cheeto encrusted boss...
When is the last time you met with your constituency? Have a Town Hall - see what your constituents think about protecting the planet.
A cheat can never win in the end. Obama was the greatest cheat of them all.
Are you kidding? You do realize this is the future of the planet you all are toying with...shouldn't be political game play...
And now we have a mentally impaired president who tweets covfefe and cancels good agreements. Great trade.
It's not the law, so fuck the Earth, right?

Hey, when's the #TownHall?
Great, let's get out Senator Cornyn!
You sound like a twelve-year-old. Wish you'd grow up and start protecting our state. #DoYourJob @NRDC @SierraClub @MoveOn
Majority of Americans support it. The people of this world don't deserve to be cooked to death. You are standing alone.
You are also iignoring the fact that Paris Accord was never binding to begin with, but was a set of agreed goals trying to save planet
A lot of things arent legally binding, but it doesn't make it ok to go back on promises. It makes America look wishywashy and untrustworthy.
That would be because Republicans define themselves by being against what liberals want ,  so they would have rejected attempts to stop it
Of course he didn't give it to congress, Senator. The only thing you worship more than fossil fuel donations to your campaign is Jesus.
Seeing the GOP reduced to this level of Russia apology, climate change denial, voter suppression, misogyny and hate-mongering is shocking
knucklehead #covfefe
So it's ok to end civilization as we know it because the US crossed its fingers.
Noted.
So do something??
RIght and the Paris Agreement is just another Obama/Democrat CON JOB!!!
You are PROUD of that? NO. I vote you out, now!
Do u really believe that this is the right thing do do?
You support withdrawing from the PCA and post a picture of pollution to...what? Prove how breathtakingly idiotic you are?
...adhering to ethics norms...
...not hiring your son-in-law...
...releasing tax returns.../2
As it turns out, sometimes there are good reasons for doing or not doing things that don't have a basis in law. Like, for example.../1
The key word here is Obama. Republican hate for Obama clouds your judgement and seeks to doom the future for our children.

Lets be clear, as the whip you would have never let that see daylight. If Obama asked to let rain fall in the Sahara you would kill the bill
At what point do you intend to take your own advice?

http://politicalticker.blogs.cnn.com/2010/06/27/cornyn-dems-not-taking-responsibility-for-being-in-charge/comment-page-1/?fbid=tcWS3hJbh3j …
Don't blame Pres 44 he was working against an obvious racist Republican Congress and look how that's working right now! You have lost sight
He didn't refuse to submit it. He held off in hopes that the Senate would come to its senses. He knew you wouldn't ratify.
Pinning your refusal to ratify on Obama is more transparent blame shifting. Grow up and do your job.
You shouldn't blame this on Obama unless you can say you'd ratify if he had submitted it. Global warming is real. Get on board.
Nicaragua opposes it because it doesn't go far enough. Syria may not oppose it in principle but... You're okay with US ceding leadership
To China. 

Used to have some respect for you. Now I know better
And what is your point?
Don't be a dufus!
You are right.  Let's not worry about our moral responsibility to our children and future generations.  After all, they aren't your donors.
Why do you want to destroy the planet?
You and your fellow Republicans would never have ratified this agreement. Supporting your climate denying president is losing position.
I'm trying to forgive you, Senator. I'm trying not to hate everything you are letting happen to our country. You're a shameless shill.
And you're point is?
We are awake and plenty pissed. We will vote in numbers that are going to stagger you and the GOP in 2018.
Oh, do you mean the obstructionist GOP led senate full of racist hatred for 44? Yes, no doubt he refused to play your games.
America First! First in investigations but now runner-up as the Leader of the World on the GOP Watch.
That doesn't mean it's not important economically and environmentally.
@USATODAY what a crock! Still hurting America to be obstructionist to first African American president? Disgusting as usual!
- Do you think the USA should be in the same column as Syria & Nicaragua, with the rest of the world arrayed on other side? SMH
Shame on you for ignoring climate change science. Our economy, world leadership, and health will suffer for such ignorance.
Do you care that your grandkids can't breathe without coughing? Or that they drink water like Flint's? Your legacy is greed over science.
How will you look your grandchildren in the eyes and tell them you're leaving the world better than you found it?
You know that this WILL NOT save jobs and yet you keep lying. Why?  What do you have to gain by the US emitting more pollution into the air?
But it's still the right thing to do. US joins Syria in denying climate change? Rs will be held accountable for embarrassing the US on this.
Your children will love explaining to theirs why Grandpa chose the wrong side of history.
And you were one of the 22 Senators urging Trump to withdraw. What is wrong with you?!
How convenient. Still, if you care a whit about future generations, you will do the right thing - encourage and support it.
How do self-described Christians justify policies that will destroy the planet they believe God created. Fake Christians?  Sad!!
Yep, lets be just like Nicaragua and Syria said America NEVER!
Why would any intelligent president submit anything to a senate that wouldn't approve a Scotus nomination
@USATODAY - Thanks, Obama.
Do what's right and not what you are told to do by people you do not work for.  Grow a pair
No.  because it has Barack Obama's name on it, you @JohnCornyn & all the other GOP pricks, hate it.  Period.  Nothing more.
Your sheet is showing again Senator. I can't wait to vote against you . The fine people of Texas deserve someone who truly represents us.
Doesnt matter. You should support it!!!!!
Will President Trump submit it
So what's your excuse for urging 45 to leave it?
No.
... That's what you took from this?!?!
You have become a professional liar, you work to destroy America and now the world.
Why not make it legally binding?
Exactly. This is an issue of global proportion and we should be leading from the front. This isolationist policy will lead to ruin.
2020 vote this fool out
It is still a good idea - keep a place at the table to maintain a level playing field to quote CEO of Exxon!
You really, really, really are 1) standing brilliantly in your denial of science 2) a paid monkey.
PS. @BarackObama did not cause your hang nail or ED. Or left handedness or tornadoes in TX. History & truth will show what losers Rs are.
It needs to be "unsigned" or submitted to the Senate now, to be turned down w/Rs majority.  Don't let it linger for when Ds control Senate.
As you planned, eh? So Rs could get out 1st chance? Your constituents care about the environment. Apparently more than you about your job.
so you want America to destroy the planet?
Isn't that wonderful. He probably thought you wouldn't ratify what 80 other countries think is right.
https://www.kirkusreviews.com/book-reviews/condoleezza-rice/democracy-rice/ …  Please read pp 90 - 111. Some of us LOVE OUR COUNTRY. You apparently do not.
So this is Obamas fault? Of course it is because the republican congress is so pure and honest and y'all care about America (only 1%).
USA will be judged by the company we keep. So what other countries aren't participating?

#InvisibleSenator 

Town hall?
If that's your excuse, it says a lot about you.
THAT'S the leg you want to stand on?!
"If everyone else jumps off a cliff are you going to do it too" mom
The reason is because of Senators like you that are owned by the oil industry.
Would you have supported it if he had? Based on your staunch partisanship, I'm guessing that would be a big NO!
Obama already signed it.
We need to get out. Not that all things are bad in the accord, but we are a sovereign nation and should have complete control of rules set
You are so tough on Twitter, how about holding a #townhall with your constituents to discuss your unwavering support for Trump?
But it still the right thing to do for our kids and thier kids and thier kids and thier kids and thier kids and thier kids and thier kids
Always Obama's fault, right? Do you actually care about anyone but yourself and the GOP? Well guess what, if the planet fails, so do you.
Low taxes, cheap oil, and bibles (and guns) in the classroom! Who's excited for America 2018? #thanksGOP #ThanksPutin
Not according to the President of the European Union.  He had a good laugh about that today!   Me too!
The trauma of having a black president for 8 years on the bought-and-paid-for rich white man is massive indeed. #Traitor #VoteHimOut
Your grandchildren will curse you for this. Are you ready for tidal inundation in Houston?
and it beyond amazing that you are now such a delicate flower "well no one asked me and I have been SO hurt this whole time."
@USATODAY not even sure if you can just say you are party above country...it appears u r Trump over country & party.
We should be in this agreement and leading the world against climate change
Because the Opposition Party (thanks Par) would have opposed regardless of merit.  Own it, repair your past. Mistakes.
@USATODAY what a misleading graphic, it's all out redistribution of wealth,
Legally binding? No and U wouldn't've voted for it. Morally binding? YES, YES, YES. Step up, B a leader, convince Prez not to abandon Paris
What about morally binding? How do you look sleep knowing your consigning future generations to a world that is less habitable? Science bah
Everything is Obama's fault. Never mind that you've never supported anything that limits climate change. #BlameObama
