
How about GOP complicity & willingness to stand by the results of those Russian "active measures"?
You need to be worrying about real tax reform !
Um, what is a small war?
What are YOU actually DOING about it besides cruising around for photo ops?
#complicit
Everyday you stir the pot acting like you are against the Russians and then you ask the weakest questions at public Russian hearings.  Truth
Amen!!! HE DOES!! Trump is Putins puppet and Cornyn is trumps puppet - they’re all on strings
I don't trust you at all. One day if the Russians invaded us i would not be surprised to find you standing behind them kissing their butts.
Hope they're running the other way while he's kissing, puts him directly in the line of fire.
There's one entity that can remove Trump: Congress.

Mueller can't. The courts can't.

If you want Trump removed, change Congress.
Democrats undermine our democracy
A disgrace to every individual that gave their life in defense of USA's freedoms that the GOP could care less about Russian interference
Tool we live in a Republic, learn your history!

On US "active measures" to undermine democratic electoral processes in foreign countries, over 80 times.
Yet you haven't started impeachment proceedings?
He should be out of office by now. Cornyn needs impeach this SOB!!!
hi yes what about our president's active measures to undermine our democracy?
You are in furioriating. Because while we all agree the Russians did a terrible thing. I can't help but think you are playing us Texans.
And what do you say about the citizens of foreign nations being allowed to lobby to change our laws and  protest to change our democracy?
Do something. 

Rep. Green is introducing articles to impeach the Russian asset in the White House. Move to impeach!

GOP is being exposed.
What do you say about the MILLIONS of foreign citizens currently lobbying to change our laws,  interfering with our political systems?
I agree this is happening, but don't believe the Small Wars Journal is a reliable news source.
Yet you allow foreign citizens to lobby to interfere with our politics and protest to change our laws
and yet, you toady to the so-called "president" your Russian friends helped to elect
Did you vote for that Russian to head our criminal division of our DOJ??? Did you or did you not? I would like a yes or no! No doublespeak
WHEN are you going to STOP yapping and start getting rid of the Russian destroying our Constitution and country?? WHAT ARE YOU GOING TO DO?
When are you going to DO SOMETHING and impeach Putin's puppet
Don't you mean it is big hoax? Don't you believe your president? Me neither!
You should do more than tweet about the problems. You're sounding more & more like the orange idiot. That's not a good thing.
Like the Loons on the left
Like the Senate
Hey John, do the job we elected you to do. Support our President.
Russian are running our country - I didn’t vote for a dictatorship!
You just realizing what the rest of us have been paying attention to, and asked you to look into...
What will. Do 2 protect TX from election hacking? Gerrymandering..cheating..#texansdeservebetter
Allow Mueller to continue his investigation. Support the truth as it comes from Mueller. This is not a partisan issue.
During the original hearings, you sang the "but...Hillary" song. You lie some much I can't tell if you care or not. #Resign #complicit
You endorsed the candidate that knowingly colluded with Russia. You knew as a member of Senate Intel. You did and continue to do nothing.
Your buddy Trump benefited from those “active measures”. How many of you have taken Putin’s dark money as a result of Citizens United?
And that is why you have stopped the probe on #TrumpRussia. Love your new dog chokers you are all wearing @SenateGOP. Yank! back in line.
“But Russia didn’t interfere”-GOP
Watch your links, John. Not sure about QC on this one.
John Cornyn, NRA and Koch brothers lackey...
These kids are likely"left" minded Senator-sure you're cool with these "virtual special forces teams" #Resistance https://tinyurl.com/y77vnf3p 
#TrumpRussia #BetoForTexas #BetoForSenate
Let me know when you’re actually going to do something to protect our democracy. Not just tweet
You forgot to add "Trump campaign conspired.."
But it's OK if we do it to other countries? I.e. Ukraine, Israel, Cent America
Did you send the Russians a thank you card?
They've been doing that since before WWI. Hopefully you all in congress aren't just realizing this. Nothing new for sure.
I'm sure this tweet will look real stupid over time!
Yet no action by you on the sanctions that have yet to be enforced.  All talk, no action.
Electoral college is the LAW. Bunch of snowflakes. Get over it. Mueller is the one undermining the people.
likes to create apertures allowing for reality lensing which enables his fear based propaganda and suffering based profiteering
#GiveBacktheBloodMoney, John. the #NRA is another entity undermining our democracy. They give you and the #GOP lots of money.
Democrats are the problem; not NRA

SAVE THE ALAMO!  Don't let Little Bush, George P Bush, Tx Land Commissioner, DESTROY the Alamo, we MUST save! @savethealamotx
Finding your concern about this a bit disingenuous. When it got your guy elected by the Electoral College, you didn't care. Why now?
#FakeNews
And absurdly moronic.
The head of your party is a Russian Puppet, and you embraced him.
Worked out good for the GOP
Watch it, your emperor won’t like you saying that.
#TrumpRussia
Watch the *countless* times Trump and his team denied any collusion or ties with Russia 
Look no further than the oval office if you're concerned with undermining our democracy.
Why didnt Republican leadership inform  about  as our IC communities confidence grew? #TrumpRussia
NEVER FORGET that in September, McConnell reportedly rejected calls for a unified front against Russia & cast doubt on the intelligence. 5/ 
Why does it look like VP wasn't briefed about Russian active measures in our 2016 election? #TrumpRussia
FLASHBACK: Mike Pence January 2017.

Q: Did any Trump campaign member have contact with the Russians?…

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
