so you're back in Texas? Fantastic! So are we! What's convenient time to commence with the town halls!
@megalibrarygirl @JohnCornyn For the love of God, don't let him leave again!
yes, would rather have him back here... not wreaking havoc via D.C. Solution? Huge 2020 defeat!
Yes! But first we oust @tedcruz ! @foamie75 @JohnCornyn
Visit El Paso! We want a town hall!
Don't worry. I'm sure the idiotic wall you guys are building will destroy all that.
Did you have any Town Halls with constituents?
Too bad you couldn't schedule a #TownHall open to all constituents. Texas voters deserve better treatment.
Not exactly a diverse group - when are you going to listen to the rest of the Texas voters?
When is your town hall meeting?
the valley is doing well in large part because of NAFTA and global trade--wake up
That's great.  Maybe you can hold a #townhall in the Houston area.  But then, you won't be surrounded by sycophants.  #scared
why are you hiding from voters?!? TOWN HALL MEETING!!
the Rio Grande Valley is 99% Hispanic & you don't have the decency to have more of ur constituents ob the table. SHAMEFUL
Got any time for your constituents? We'd like to know what you're doing about the fact that we have Russian ears in the WH?
Come to Houston! Waiting for a town meeting! 
town hall now! #DoYourJob
Denton County is worried about you. We can't seem to reach you. Would you arrange for a town hall quickly? #WheresOurRep
You are doing a GREAT job, Senator. Please keep in mind you've been targeted by a professional lib astroturf Twitter campaign.
HAHAHAHAHAHA You're funny!
this doesn't look like your typical public town hall. And I didn't get an invitation
Did they tell you we don't need a damn wall?  #TexasSenators #LastTerm #Resist
When are you coming to North Texas?
Did you visit with voters or still only concentrating on those who agree with you? Not my senator.
we need you to stand up to DJT.  Represent the interests of your state, not just yours.
no town hall?
too bad you're only meeting with supporters and not more of your constituents
Really going to devastate border economies with Trump's wall?  Eminent domain?  Put country before party! #failingpresident
not sure what this post is about. What exactly are they doing to keep The Rio Grande Valley thriving? Thriving in what way?
too bad you didn't have time to chat with some local little ole constituents at a #TownHall...
When is the Houston Town Hall?
John and Ted Cruz are conveniently out of town in South Texas to hide. NO TOWN MEETINGS!!!
If you have time to meet with community leaders, seems like you have time to meet with constituents? Can't wait for town hall.
But when are you holding a town hall meeting for your constituents?
how about you hold a town hall and chat with your constituents too!
A wall will certainly disrupt that. PS: when's your open town hall?
when will you have a town hall in the Austin area? I'm an educator, can we talk about DeVos? I'm not "the establishment"
I'd like you to look me in eye to directly answer questions. Coming to 77489 soon?
I read a lot of constituents asking U 2 come 2 them. Hell, we'll take a single town hall. And the busses will be from w/in TX
He's hiding because he knows he's wrong. Investigate Trump and Russia #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
there are A LOT of VOTORS who would like to meet with you but you can't seem to find time for them. Maybe we find a replacement
No diversity. How about meeting with Muslim leaders to help us report terror? 45 has scared them into hiding
Come to Houston for a Town Hall meeting. Houston is the largest city in the state. There is much to say.
seems like you are avoiding your constituents. Failure to hold a town hall or answer the phone will cost you your job
come to El Paso and see how safe our border is!!
. @JohnCornyn We still have heard nothing about a town hall while you're back in Texas.
Please hold a town hall in Austin. Your constituents would love to speak with you and hear what you have to say.
When are you having a town hall meeting in Central Texas? I would like to talk with as well.  Cherry picking?  #DoYourJob
As a member of the Plutocratic Party, do you feel you only need to meet with "leaders" instead just folks? Rationale, John?
Answer your phones. Constituents are calling.
still no town hall. Just another senator with no spine. We will not forget how you stuck next to a crazy man no matter what.
When can we expect a #TownHall?
no one answers ur phones in ANY of ur offices or ur voicemails bec ur vm always  full. Hiding fr voters is a bad, bad sign, fr u
When and Where is your town hall?
I must have missed your announcement of your upcoming Houston townhall. When should I mark it in my calendar?
Come to Austin, please. Let's talk ACA.
I had to put my sunglasses on, the glare of white male privilege is blinding!
any chance of a town hall in the austin area so residents can voice their concerns to you in person?
Glad to know you're in TX. When & where are you holding town halls? Let us know!
nobody gives a shit about this Senator. Why won't you answer your phone? Town hall in Austin when?
it would be great to see you anywhere in Central Texas! When are you scheduling a town hall to meet with your constituents?
remind me, when is that Town Hall again?
@tedcruz Waiting on a town hall in Houston. Our senators are inaccessible!
Nice that you met with some community leaders and donors, now when are you meeting with your constituents? It's recess, afterall
so you were in Texas? That's great! When's the townhall?
did y'all talk about how DJT fired another NSC advisor 4 criticizing admin Latin Amer policies? How do they feel about that?
Did y'all talk about how terrifying the threat of ICE must be 2 ur constituents?
Did u talk about how important it is that u all meet w const to allay their fears?
Did you talk about how Mex planning to buy corn elsewhere? They usually buy from US. R they afraid it may shake bor economy?
When are you going to have a town hall in Houston, TX?  Your constituents want to see you and talk to you.  Houston 77059
I'm glad you were able to visit with local officials. Will you please schedule a #TownHall to meet with your constituents?
ur failure to appear for mtgs with your constituents is going to ruin you. Ppl r talking, r u listening? #townhallmeeting
why not meet with your constituents tonight at 6:30pm in downtown Austin to chat about stuff? @TX10Indivisible @indivisibleATX
Why are you letting Trump waste our taxpayer dollars? Wastes enough to save the ACA.  DO YOUR JOB!
Good to see you meeting with officials but when will you meet with constituents?
When are you coming to north TX? We would love to chat with you.
Find some time for a town hall, we need to communicate out displeasure
when are you coming to DFW? We are waiting a for a town hall. I will bring 
So, when are you going to meet with Average Working Joes? Your refusal to interact with your constituents will lose you your job
I'm sure you've seen the recent survey showing a slim margin of support for Trump in TX...keyword: SLIM. I'm also a #texasvoter
when's your town hall?
when r u coming to Galveston county?
Coward, answer your phone.
very few Hispanic leaders at your table
looks 95% white  and 80% male to me... now quite representative is it.  Echo chamber. God forbid he hear desenting POVs.
when are you going to hold a town hall with all of your constituents to discuss major issues, not just cronies and donors
we wanted to do town halls and you instead went 2 an echo chamber?  When will you meet with constituents.
when are you coming to meet with your constituents in austin?
The GOP says that sanctuary cities are less safe, but the opposite is true.https://
