Mr. Ryan, we are anything but united at the moment and the divide is growing daily. And I don't see our leadership doing anything about it.
People who oppose @POTUS have been rioting and screaming for him to be gone since election. Nothing but stoking of the fires from D leaders
Instead they try to further delegitimize him at the Inauguration. Disrespect him and those who voted for him at every turn.
Even Mr Obama still refers to himself as the President on his twitter page.
Because he ALWAYS will carry that title you nitwit!  Take a civics class!
http://emilypost.com/advice/addressing-a-former-president-of-the-united-states/ …. His Twitter page should say either former or identify number.  It should not say Just President
Emily post?  Hshahahahaha
There are several who have etiquette rules on it.  I picked the first.  If you weren't to lazy to go look for yourself, I wouldn't have to.
Maybe you should lead - support the Pres we chose - control the floor as fellow members spew. How do you think we feel out here?

Sorry, but progressives fought the corporate Dem's. MSM rarely cover the progressives.

Paul Ryan Taped With Russian Ambassador On GOP Money Laundering http://patribotics.blog/2017/06/09/paul-ryan-taped-with-russian-ambassador-on-gop-money-laundering/ … 
We first need to start with the @GOP @realDonaldTrump acknowledging the role both played by hating on @POTUS44 for 8 years, apologize first
You won't see it from the demoRATS
Humanity? Is that in your healthcare plan? Trump said it was a mean plan. No to Ryancare!
I guess you forgot when Trump told a crowd he'd like to punch a guy in the face?
We r united in making sure u and Trump do not make this country the laughing stock of the world
The nation was once Under God!  Until The Nation returns to founding Biblical principles that made America set apart, more anarchy will come
Except we are not and you bear some of that blame.
Perhaps u should have that conversation with fake potus.  U, GOP enable him & his hate.  It's time for GOP to be American before party!
How can you speak of humanity when you are taking away and reducing Healthcare for the poor and needy while you reward the rich. All talk.
Double talking Speaker Ryan this is the reason why people generally don't trust politicians like you.  Take from the poor, give to the rich.
You guys need to get behind our "President 100%". Stop the games
There's zero humanity in trying to covertly take away healthcare.
Healthcare is going awa all on its own thanks to the failure of obsamacare, soon there will be none and then wat r you goin to cry about
The elderly, disabled & poor will just do without. This will NEVER be a Christian nation, the GOP doesn't have a clue what Christianity is.
Guess funneling 2 cronies BILLIONS of taxpayer $$$ under guise of OBAMACARELESS is ur idea of humane@JudicialWatch FOIA ALL Co-ops records
Jesus, I read these things and know you are just so full of bullshit rhetoric. I am actually saddened for you.
Hey @JudicialWatch FOIA lawsuit for ALL ObamaCare Co-OPs financial records
Yay for you..you're against fellow Americans getting healthcare. We get it.
Fellow Americans have healthcare, but it's failing, so how's that working out for you obsama lovers
Brush a pig sir ....@SpeakerRyan
United in trump corruption. I agree. @realDonaldTrump realDonaldTrump
U should tell @realDonaldTrump not helping matters with his 2 year old temper tantrums on twitter. U want UNITY grow up stop the nonesense
Hypocrite! You don't want unity. Everything you do divides the country.
United in blocking POTUS agenda! We see right through your Dog and Pony show!
Maybe taking regulations off of gun ownership by mentally unstable wasn't such a great idea in hindsight? Now that GOP we're targeted?
Pelosi tried to come across as "sad" But she lies so much, and consistently flip flops you can't take her seriously.She is mean like Clinton
Us United.U can't show us people your great health plan,You want to kill SS,medicare,Medicaid,Take away food from kids.While u rich eat good
Assassination is NOTsmall thing! Violent Dems call 4 this all day long. Americans see it! hate to say, BUT now U see what Americans suffer.
Start by getting rid of Mueller and supporting our POTUS
Uhm, pretty sure he doesn't have power to fire special counsel.
Unfortunately @SpeakerRyan you need to go. You are not representing us or our @POTUS. Why are you not defending ???
I guess you forgot when Trump told his crowd they used to take guys out on stretchers from rallies that protested.
Most American's try! However, our President doesn't. It's very depressing.
Lets do that.  How about a respectable president, diplomacy and decent human rights. Attention to the citizens wants and needs.  That works.
Paul, U R wrong. YOU have been tested & U have flunked both history & patriotism. Don't ask what WE can do 4 nation, do Ur job! @NBCNews

The best way to show the world something about us is to toss the idiot out of the WH and for you to step down
Stand up and speak out loudly for our duly elected President. Help get Mueller to RECUSE bec of Code federal regulations 45.2.
Why would u want to skip the investigation? Then we'll never know the truth?
Because the investigation is baseless. Because it's only purpose is to stop our President enacting our will. That's why. It's a waste.
Maybe it's not baseless though?  If he is so innocent why not want to prove it?  If he is innocent it will go away.  Why be scared?
Not scared. Just sick to death of the BS. They are delaying the wall, tax reform, replacement of Obamacare, etc. The things we voted for!!!
The correct term is the Affordable Healthcare Act, unless you make millions, you have been bamboozled, nothing you want, will pass, sad 
@mdvarnado1 @ebalbright @taraeloranto @freeusa6042 @jenkins1261 it is unfortunate that you have resulted to untruths in regards to @POTUS44
You should try getting behind the @POTUS and stop undermining hem every public opportunity you get. #RINO
then why are you and the GOP aligned with a corrupt government with a POTUS who incites violence at rallies?
I'm done being called a bigot, because I'm a Christian that doesn't agree with radical Islam.
And we will humanely provide healthcare for those in need.
And you are not helping by running to fakenews Cnn with nasty rhetoric against our POTUS
Great sentiment. How does taking healthcare away from 23 million people for a tax cut to the rich achieve it?
Obama added ppl on healthcare but 90% were on Medicaid 2 b paid 4 by taxpayers. The load was heavy & he made it worse. They Still went to ER
You and McConnell need to back Trump and get his agenda passed.
He has no agenda. He doesnt Read any of the legislation.. examp: Agenda is neg Drug Price? NO he is doing the opposite. LOL Sad
We must pass the bill before we see what's in it! 80% of America got fucked over by Obama and his corrupt cronies!
False news reporting is no fantasy-it's real and has to be called out. Riots like Berkeley where ppl were pummeled have to be called out.
Then why aren't any democrats allowed to debate your mean healthcare bill? Such hypocrites!
It was done behind closed doors in the night. Remember, "we have to pass the bills, to see what's in the bill."
The word humanity stems from "humane". Is it humane to let 23,000,000 humans suffer/ die because you want to take their healthcare away?
Do y'all ever get tired of being overly dramatic?!  Obamacare is a failure all by itself.  What did the humans do before Obama took office?!
If being 'overly dramatic' means caring about the sick among us or having empathy towards the less fortunate in society, then, no, never
Socialism and redistribution of wealth is NOT Christian. It's stealing.
What you stand for is inhumane. When did you lose your humanity or did u never have it? Unamerican
What I stand for is the MOST humane. If you understood economics + human nature you would know that.
I do and have the degrees to prove it. You spout propaganda that put not just this nation in peril.
U r deceitful and it is obvious.  When u support @POTUS Trump, we will believe u.
Be the change YOU want to see in the world and the rest will follow.. Don't ask others to do that which you aren't willing to do yourself..
Who you trying to kid? Citizens have your number
Lying Ryan!
But we aren't. I have nothing in common with homophobic bigots.
Hey Adam glad to see that you are doing well  it's Robbie I have changed a lot I hope that all is good with you and your family
What you need is HUMILITY
We'll follow your example, Senator Ryan. Whoops. No, that's how civil wars start. Scratch that. You follow ours. #TheResistance #Impeach45
You are "resisting" our legally elected president. Impeach him at the peril of this country. Cutting off your nose to spite your face!
Except when it comes to protecting the poor, the sick, veterans, the middle class, the elderly, the environment, endangered species,
Paul Ryan stfu u Traitor!
FBI has RECEIPTS
https://twitter.com/JernauMoratGurg/status/875450902244503553 … and Richard Burt from Alfa Bank just ratted on Sessions...that's why even the lawyers lawyering up yesterday.
BAHAHAHAHA! When Putin employee, Richard Burt, is turning on you, you can be sure pee-pee tapes are not far behind.
https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/jun/15/lobbyist-russian-interests-jeff-sessions-testimony?CMP=share_btn_tw …
But we're supposed to be sick and tired of all the winning by now...
All we are sick of is hysterical crazed democrats trying to hamstring our legally elected president.  Our votes should mean something.
If that were the case, Trump wouldn't be president.  Remember, he lost the popular vote.  Ur rite, votes should count for something.
Accept the results.We have an electoral college for a reason.  & if dead & illegal votes weren't counted, he likely would have won popular 2
Thank you.
So Conway saying if she was shot twitter comments would be of "cheer", is that our humanity? Is that what WE the people stand for? SHAME!
Show it in action as well as rhetoric
Now the entitlement budget is at 60 % with the fact you knocked off seniors and vets freebies by which they paid into system .
You're asking too much-the left is incapable of unity. They've no moral ground
You need to stop the BS!! The BS investigations of Trump! Are you kidding me?! Go after lynch and Hillary!
Grow up.
Not for long. How can you say your human when you don't care if people loose health ins. PREMEDITATED LEGAL MURDERS.
Once again you display how out of touch you are with what everyday Americans are feeling.  Look outside the DC bubble.  Things are not ok.
You aren't, and I'm not united in your hate. I'm not united in republicans saying violent things about Obama. I want to show the world
Let's not forget about Big Oil...  So.  Since you've abandoned the Country as our "representatives", how are we "united"?
When will you start to take care of your constituents as you are paid to do? More people know what you are up to now. It will cost you!
If rich.
Support the president or resign!
You need to go away
Looks like democrats have gone completely crazy.
I think it's obvious that this president can not handle the job. Help America by doing the right thing.
When are you going to tell Trump?
About cost instead of my quality of life. It's contradicting and it's victimizing the victim to solicit sympathy
Your family is the NRA.
Does this mean your party will stop its relentless propaganda and threats to the wellbeing of 24 million+ Americans?
Yeah, we're being tested because of that JACKASS you and your cronies continue to allow to live in the White House.
This is a nice concept HOWEVER Does "united" mean we are united in takin care of our poor and vulnerable or only the rich and powerful?
We will be one when @realDonaldTrump, @VP, & @SpeakerRyan are all gone!
deeply disturbed by the Baseball field shooting; nice if the  GOP wld  acknowledge the flawed policy and dangerous rhetoric that  led 2 this
We are once we vote democrats out
we are divided because of people like you!  You are there to serve your rich buddies not the middle and lower class who need it.
You r responsible, along with McConnell,  for all the misery u r putting the president and voters in
There is nothing human about you!
We are one nation & need to treat each other as siblings-care abt the sick & elderly, women's rights. But the #GOP hasn't. Will you chg?
what a touching comment  - now show your loyalty and unity to the president and the Conservative party
Tell newt Gingrich to shut it.
Being Tested?! Trump has been BRUTALLY tested by left right nevertrumpers,& #msm. Thank God the ones that voted him in SUPPORT HIM STILL!
Meanwhile if you haven't heard , Jerry brown sharing taxpayer funded technology,reducing whatever leverage you have over China .
Screw healthcare and get taxes done
I would ask that you print these words and remember them every day because you don't show me that this is how you feel.
Health care is a mess, so enuff with endless investigations, have hearing, get dem input. So they can contribute to solutions or not.
You always get tested when you ignore the constitution in favor of  a 70 year old who uses his office as a way to make millions.
How about cutting the crap and start doing your job by backing @realDonaldTrump and leading the rest of the GOP to do the same
The hate that is coming from the media and the left, has got to stop.
Speaker Ryan, I hope you are not under any allusion that your demo congress fellows have any intention of "uniting"?
Please everyone support @pnehlen. He is running against Speaker Ryan. Nehlen is pro-Trump & America 1st. @SpeakerRyan is for his donors.
Mr. Ryan please practice what you are preaching to us and SHOW us you are UNITED with OUR President! !
U are failing the test. Repubs need to push back & stop letting Dems run all over them, especially you.
As important, why can't u lead GOP Representatives to unite behind President Trump. All should do so loudly & clearly without reservation!
You're talking to that idiot joe walsh...right?
you need to get the rest of the gop that are not behind Trump. Please!
All hacked . Can't listen to McCain you don't start fights unless you know you can win . I support border tax
You believe that and I have some swamp land to sell you in Florida. You and McConnell need to start seriously supporting Trump!
Vote Paul Nehlen 2018, Paul Ryan is impeding on the People's will. Start standing strong beside President Trump, the people's choice.
Tell that to the Democrats and their violent followers!
Dude...create your own diversion... stop hiding behind others!
STOP RIGGED TRUMP WITCH HUNT which caused deranged man to gun down GOP. Arrest LEAKER COMEY/McCabe. Rosenstein/Mueller conflict
Oh please...quit the phoney rhetoric. You aren't at that level.
They also telling the working class and families will be devastated ,can't afford it , millions knocked off healthcare .
You and the GOP have been nothing but obstructionists for the last 8 years, but now you want to come together? Start with bipartisan AHCA.
We are being tested right now, and you're failing. Do better. #countryoverparty
You have proposed, and passed law after law that divides us by race, economic class, & faith. But you are polite when you slash & burn.
Far from United....listen/read to what is being said. All blaming left or right, spewing hatred, encouraging conflict. Listen to Conway!
NEVER say the same of BLOTUS who is divider.

My #OpeningStatement - take a look: 
When you need a  pretty speech in place of 'action" @SpeakerRyan is your man
Your cries of unity are a laughable joke. The majority of Americans support nothing you stand for. Yet you push your agenda anyway. #Resist
Yes we are being tested and you failed!! Either get on board with @realDonaldTrump or go hang with ur swamp monsters! U r on thin ice! #MAGA
Join us in openly supporting your President!
No, the GOP is not united in humanity. I am sorry for the shooting, but that does not change the fact that ACHA is very bad for People.
And Rodgers all stated no obstruction ? The only obstruction or influence is the death threats GOP is getting , it intimidation ,yet the FBI
148 Days, 7 sailors missing, 0 mentions from @POTUS, 2 tweets re: Hannity, 1 illegitimate POTUS
Thank you for sharing this video.  Glad that you can lead the country in showing that we are not afraid.
If this is true why isn't Ryan doing his job by defending potus
Remember you voted 2 strip that away under pre-existing injuries. Nothing says umatter more than being denied coverage
You hypocrite. You want to tske health care from 23 million people, and you cry "unity" because Scalise was shot?? HYPOCRITE!
Kind of hard when you are bent over taking it from the Donald. Your career is OVER. ANY RESPECT IS GONE. You stayed with him at 38%.tsk tsk.
How about uniting behind our President then! We the people elected him. We the people can unelect you! We chose the POTUS respect choice!
Do you have any humanity left for healthcare?
It is time to get in step with @POTUS we need to stop the madness and get to work for the people or get out of congress.
Pass the test, Paul. INVESTIGATE Clinton & Lynch!!!!!!!!! Wth?? Dems do their job, why don't you?
You have been drinking too much Kool-Aid  I thought we won.  
Act like it
The rhetorics and incendiary comments from your boss and from both sides of the aisle has to stop
You are a hypocrite
Funny you should talk about humanity...what's the status of kicking people off health insurance?
Someone has to have a serious sit down w @NancyPelosi She just doesn't get it Her name cud be on some psychos list It's gotta stop #StopNow
Then be human!

I know, I know. Just let me enjoy these few "nice" words from @SpeakerRyan before I go back 2 calling him a #RINO #Traitor 2 the #Trump Prez
With Iran . Now what did Flynn do? He was taking office in a month , brown, Ashcroft , Kerry, Obama ,Durbin are the traitors to state
Show that humanity to the world and give America universal healthcare and invest in America. Curve the profits of insurance and pharmaceutic
What is the meaning of unity when we purposely make 23 million more uninsured just because of campaign elections? Job security...very sad.
Paul Ryan you need to step up and lead!  Stand with our president & support him!  How about tweeting the resistance movement to stop!!
Here's a way to start from NJ. a longtime New Jersey #dirtydem strategist responded #HuntRepublicans and #HuntRepublicanCongressmen.  Nice!
Iran sanctions of republicans don't support Russian sanctions . Let me be clear I have several reservation about the Russian investigation
Ohhh NOW we are being tested. Not when all the other tragedies occurred right?
United in our humanity?  We've seen the House #GOPCare plan and there's nothing HUMANE about it. #GOPLies
Except where health ins, medicare,medicaid, soc security and welfare benefits are concerned.  Then its rich first! @MSNBC @potus shame!
Speaker Ryan, you need to quickly get on the Trump Train and get moving. 2018 could be a big year for you, one way or the other! #MAGA
U need to resign as speaker immediately
next vote cycle - your gonzo.
Your being tested bc of your leaders hate & greed You rep follow him with your greed & are dividing this nation apart So stop with your lies
No words from POTUS on the acquittal of the cop who killed the black man but halt travel 2Cuba &give arms 2 countries w/human rights issues
How about you get behind our President or get out of the way! Take all the other weak Republicans with you!
If only that was true. This nation's unity is tenuous at best. Republicans must stand tall and pass their agendas. #MAGA
Let's get united in the Trump agenda. That's how we win, support our president, @realDonaldTrump!
Do you @SpeakerRyan understand HOW we are being tested? Perhaps democratic ideals, executive powers, constitutional rights and US moral code
Please, @SpeakerRyan, get behind our President. There are people who want to stop us from success. We're RIGHT not LEFT
I don't understand how real Americans can stand to have a lying s.o.b. in the white house and another one that's speaker of the house
Oh good heavens Mr. Speaker, wake up! The left is blinded by lies of global corporatists trying to rape America. Fight or get out of our way
Why aren't you investigating corrupt Lynch and Rice! Y aren't you supporting POTUS? Are all of you corrupt? Looks like it.!
Nice
We are being tested by representatives who are sniveling, backstabbing cowards.  Start publicly supporting our President's agenda now!!
