You seem overly concerned with Dems and you have been silent on the Russia Trump investigation, which is extremely conerning
So you support the Russian nominee for the Supreme Court?
In anyway possible!!!! The GORSUCH nomination was stolen! Dems need to fight it just as long as it takes!
It's sad and embarrassing how willing you are to bash Ds--you represent us too. It's clear you are "party over country"..and ppl
you and gop keep pushing me further and further to the left.
we welcome you with open arms, Ms. Missy!! Help us turn Texas blue! 
So, if M Liasson says Dems can't win, that  =her supporting GOP? I think you need to review basic logic, senator
Obama wasn't under FBI investigation for rigging his election & u stopped his SCOTUS pick. Stop whining about Ds and work for Me
Rs need to decide and admit they care 0 about their constituency. Proven every day. Your next town hall is?
We're all losing thanks to you and the Republicans.
We will remember how you threw in with Trump and company and how you ignored the people. Hindsight: #2020.
Leadership, you lack these skills. I’d be willing to listen if you’d quit making it about sides. We are all Americans
Let's not forget that #TexasSenators will be on the wrong side of history on this. #LastTerm #Resist
why are you not more focused on the crap with Russia?  My God man, get your shit together!
release trump taxes  to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
With the POTUS under investigation you should not be voting on a Supreme Court Appointee.
For you it's about winning and losing. For your constituents we just want effective government.
With pride and integrity. How do Republicans want to win?
you need to think about when you lose next election, I'll jump for joy
wait..for it...Kennedy and Roberts made your party spit nails
Merrick Garland much?
- We've gone 14 mths with 8 - why the rush? NO VOTE until 45 deemed legitimate. FBI investig = "constitutional crisis" per GOP
#MerrickGarland You are such a huge hypocrite now John. And you hate your Democratic constituents obviously.
and the constituents you ignore are deciding that 2020 nomination w/ every email, call, tweet and town hall request you ignore.
My constituents say they want a town hall meeting update, but I know in their hearts they actually want snotty partisan whining.
The problem, sir, is you see this as "win" & "loose" like it's a competition or game. This is why Partisanship is out of control. Stop.
how can you justify a court selection from president that lies and is under investigation?
That's the truth, @JohnCornyn has turned into such a smart ass.
Why do you even post things? You don't read any feedback.
We must call them everyday and demand they vote the best for the American people, not for party.
Stop being so nasty and do the right thing. Distance yourself from a stained legacy. Think about your legacy!
That's the problem with all politicians. Aren't you suppose to come together for the good of the country
awww look! He's trying to be an immature, petty, schoolyard bully just like the boy he has a crush on!
this is serious shit John. Maybe the worst in our country's history. Yet you stand by..complicit. Coward.
what if trumpbis guilty? Do we have another election? Are his nominations nullified? Are his EO's nullified?
oooh the special report team...give me a fucking break. Nothing happens until the FBI investigation is completed.
How about making a statement about Comey's testimony? *crickets* from you. Constituents want to know!
not while our president is under investigation by the FBI #IllegitimatePOTUS   Everyone has to go
Get put of the land of "IF, want, give it to me"! It's not going to happen, I prayed to rid Obama the muslin.
Full disclosure: Mara is an NPR reporter & a Republican. Did you see Merrick Garland today?
you already lost with Merrick Garland
this tweet is unbecoming of your office
A week or two ago you were whining about how they wouldn't work with you. Now you're going to ram it down their throats. #2faced
As long as you've made peace with how you want to lose come 2020. It's unethical to go forward on SCOTUS nom.
Keep up the partisan assault on your Texas constituents Senator, it shows real leadership!
Will u be a grown up & shut this dangerous child down after finally getting your pound of silver?
The real losers are the American people. This administration is corrupt & you are too if you put party b4 people.
They will lose with the full conviction of righteousness, fighting the tide of Soviet influence.
How much would you like to lose on your moral authority, Senator?
, you should decide how you want to lose your next election--looks like it will be by backing a corrupt administration.
@JohnCornyn Judge Gorsuch is a corporate flunky (Home Depot for one) as are you  #election2020 will see you out of office
#FullRepeal  of Obamacare would be a great thing #freemarket  would find cheaper solutions to #healthcare 
Based on the hearings, it looks like Trump managed to pick a judge who will be a thorn in his side. Looks like Ds win regardless
http://www.palmerreport.com/news/key-witness-in-preet-bhararas-russian-crime-probe-was-just-thrown-from-fourth-floor-of-building/2007/ …  interesting
#TrumpRussia #CornynRussia. Enough said.
according to @marcorubio potus shouldn't appoint SC Justice in last year in office. #Trumprussia #russiagate
that's cuz she knows ur party will use the nuclear option if you don't get your way. Whether that is now or later
HAHAHAHAHAHAH you & DJT have such hard-ons for Fox News.  You're both fkn laughing stocks. 2020 my friend...2020.
encourage the other party to support him, pls don't throw snarky words back at them
Fox--that's the "news organization" that legitimizes false reports about our former ally's intelligence service.
you really should hold off while the trump investigation proceeds. You all waited long time w/ Garland.
no confirmation until #TrumpRussia investigation concluded
The country says Rs need to decide if they work for us or for Putin/Trump. Confirmation can wait til FBI finishes investigation.
It's like the election: "I'd rather lose than win the way you did."
just like y'all need to start serving your constituents or decide how you want to lose when your term is up
have republicans decided how to lose on health care?
FBI says Trump is under investigation.
ALL APPOINTMENTS, ESPECIALLY SCOTUS, SHOULD BE STOPPED WHILE INVESTIGATION IS ONGOING. #RUSSIA #corruption
oh, wow, so Fox supports your GOP bull? 

Color me unsurprised, Senator.
why would you give a lifetime seat to a person nominated by a Russian puppet?
why would you give a man who has not- will not- proven his loyalty to our country this honor?
this hearing needs stopped until #Russia2017 #RussiaHearing is done. Period.
We should not hold SCOTUS hearings while the FBI investigates the Trump administration #russiagate #SCOTUS
#Russiagate #CornynRussia
Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland, Merrick Garland

Merrick

Garland!!!!!!
#PartyPlayer just like #TrumpRussia  Disgusting.
