The USA, created by int'l community in Treaty of Paris in 1783, betrays int'l community by withdrawing from #parisclimateagreement today
Plus just for history's sake, the Brits came back in force in 1812 and burned Washington, DC to the ground and did other bad things.
She must be a Jew, they brought Marxism-ACLU-ADL-SPLC with them 1900 and they hate the Makers of USA...Christians; Protestants to be exact.
I don't even know how these people got a job teaching our young ppl. Our system is failing & we're asleep at the wheel.
Different wording. All getting to same out come. We are free nation from any other nations control. And many died for that right.
So now US was "created by an international community," just like Muslims helped build the fabric of our nation. OK, Harvard!
OMG! Must have studied at place like Georgetown, that doesn't require history majors to take American History.
Worry about climate change using our children as an excuse while condoning the millions of deaths by abortion.
@WallyJohns Academia needs some new plumbing...too much crap flowing  instead of clean rectitude
Pathetic
we quote Forest Gump here loosely-Ignorance is as Ignorance does-WOW are our standards that low currently in Academia? @POTUS @JoyceChaplin1
Replies lost track of main point. USA would have been birthed whatever world community may have accepted via treaty. I agree w/ @tedcruz
I.e. Cubs are World Champs by performance/effort. The parade in Chicago was a formality. If parade had been washed out, Cubs still Champs.
The treaty simply formalized the reality that the United States of America was born.
That is the the current state of incompetency in most universities. Most professors don’t know much about the TRUE history of our nation.
Isn't that the qualification for being a professor these days?  Never worked, never contributed, clueless about history : YOU'RE HIRED!
Right on, Ted!
Maybe she is saying the Treaty solidified our freedom, out of that freedom we created the Constitutional Convention in 1787
Who got the history right? And who got the international law right? 
Ted Cruz Is Right: http://www.thepublicdiscourse.com/2017/06/19539/  via @PublicDiscourse #TXSen
Doubt most politicians don't understand our #Constitution. Why They take liberties to bury it further.
Meant they DON'T understand our Constitution and public doesn't either so they stomp on rule of law more and more.#schools #education
Ted if you've ever watched Waters World you've seen what our colleges ( Harvard included) are turning out!!! You're right Sad!!!
Also sad that she served her Paris history lesson on a red herring platter.
Cont. If Harvard Prof. don't know; neither will our future leaders; neither will a whole generation until they lose their freedom. Sad! Sad!
Continued: the young man said:"You don't know. I've lost everything!"I replied:" You had the freedom to make the mistakes you made" still do
Continued: "your generation has no idea of how easy we could live under a dictator, or even what life is under one.  You only know freedom"!
A young man interrupted me as I was thanking a WW2 vet: "We are not free!" I replied: "You have no clue how close you came to spkg german".
Your fans would like to believe Americans did it on their own but in truth France saved us. Declaration+Revolution+allies+Constitution=USA
You're splitting hairs.
Just the elitist illuminati view of our history.
Yes it is & even more sad, we are paying for our children to be brainwashed in these higher institutions of learning.
A degree from Harvard is basically worthless now
That is horrifying
Thankyou Mr Cruz. You've always been highly educated. Yes our anglo-saxon european ancestors created a great nation.
Lol very sad
Either do you, shitkicker. Read a fvcking history book. That is, if you have the mental capacity to read books.
We really should be concerned by the attempts to rewrite history. Academia is twisted by the election of President Trump.
She's a kool aide drinking jerk. Tells us a lot about what's wrong with a lot of our elitist institutions of higher learning.
And these assholes are teaching our young adults! Bend over and kiss your ass goodbye!!
So what would have happened had the U.S. not signed the treaty?  Ans  We would still be the U.S. case closed.
Intellectual elite progressives consistently demand higher authority approval for all endeavors. This is how they operate to keep power
The tenure is the problem. They should have to earn the right to stay every class, period
Just sad. US Senator doesn't understand the document(s) that officially ended the Revolutionary War and defined US borders & sovereignty.
All too common.
You know that the 1783 Treaty of Paris ended the Revolutionary War and recognized US as sovereign nation, right?
Total BS. 1783 we settled the surrender and borders, not their part in creating USA. They fought  revo to stop us from creating USA.
What was the name of the formal peace agreement between Britain and the USA that ended the Revolutionary War and set boundaries?
The Treaty of Paris was between King George an the U.S., not the "international community"
And you're surprised by this news that the Harvard president has a limited thot process?
Says a Canadian
Might want to read Art. 1 of the Treaty of Paris. Also Articles of Confederation. U.S. predates Constitution by a few years.
Oops, I think you just knocked out in the first round there, ding ding
"Sad. US Senator, Harvard Law degree. Doesn't know that national statehood requires international recognition." per @JoyceChaplin1
The ignorance of our educators never ceases to amaze me.... No wonder our youth are uneducated by historical norms....
yeah, I think I learned that the Revolutionary War ended with the Treaty of Paris in the 8th or 9th grade.
IOW, you mean in direct violation of Rom. 13:1-7?
rumor has it, the US came about along with the big bang theory../sarc
#BoomRoasted 
Treaty is what gave US official recognition by Great Britain. Yes, it was result of the revolution; treaties settle war issues.
That is sad. But they also forgot about the Treaty of Versailles. France ignored Germany's actions allowing WWII to snowball.
I would demand a tuition refund if I took one of his classes
No surprise, libs know nothing
I'm glad somebody spoke up. Thank you
Just sad that you're our senator. Luckily we will be voting like hell to get you out next year!
The 1783 Treaty is what ended the Revolutionary war and made Britain and other countries recognize America's independence as a country.
You failed at history as much as you did trying to run for President.

You bring nothing but shame to Texas.
@JoyceChaplin1 So glad President Trump withdrew us from the AWFUL Paris accord that we had never ratified! It would have hurt the US greatly
You are man-splaining to a Harvard historian? Haha!  She is smarter. She can run circles around you.
you are an origianal sir. I wish TN had a Ted Cruz.
Climate change is propaganda to soak the American Taxpayers. Climate Change is natural and normal. Deal with it.
Chaplin is one stupid lady or a crook! Thank you for schooling her Sen Cruz.
Thank you. For fearlessly speaking the truth amid the psychosis that seems to have infected professional educators. #RUNAGAIN
why didn't your direct your comments to @JoyceChaplin1      I agree but it would have carryied more weight had she seen them
@JoyceChaplin1  - love how you confirm that USA wasn't a country until White European men confirmed it in 1783. Hmmm?  #facts,onlyifitworks
guess they have been rewriting history. Good grief
Amen Senator Cruz!  God bless!
Chaplin is 100% wrong. She used the word "created" first time, then refers to foreign recognition. Biased libs too proud to be objective.
In her defense, she's utterly insane.
Declaration+Genocide of indigenous people+Revolutionary War+Slavery+Constitution+Debt(modern slavery)=USA
This is the most stupid thing I've ever heard, and this is a Harvard professor? Wow!
Sad yes more moronic
Please read this.
This  is  u 
Revelation 11:18 The nations were angry, but Your wrath has come...the time has come to destroy those who destroy the earth.
This is what our educated professors are spouting The dumbing down of America
Who would allow Chicago Center on Global Affairs to be setup and used to break up the US states?
They just keep spewing propaganda! These Marxist Radicals in USA are Traitors for Open Borders which undermines our Sovereignty!
Kind of like a president who still does not understand NATO countries don't pay us. Don't open this can of worms Ted, it won't end well 4 u.
you are the man Ted!!!
^ Strong, intelligent women schooling @tedcruz is becoming 'a thing'.
First was Sally Yates, now @JoyceChaplin1 
Sad. US Senator, Harvard Law degree. Doesn't know that national statehood requires international recognition. https://twitter.com/tedcruz/status/870475665908408321 …
They've found a teeny, tiny point...and make a career out of it.
*made
That is pretty pitiful to have tenured Harvard professor knowso little ,the students lose then America missedthe collegeeducated <knowledge
You skipped the Articles of Confederation, which were based on everything you stand for, and which failed, utterly.
he is running this country by the constitution ans the laws of this land some thing we did not have for 8 years.
But Ted,
YOU do NOT know how the USA was LOST!
You are BOUGHT
US sovereigns became slaves to banks after US bankruptcy in 1933
Research it!
It is sad. But what do you expect from brainwashed and delusional people who don't know history. It is scary to see these people at colleges
Who let 'Cuba's Revenge' pretend he knows US history?
You are the sad one.  You would sellout renewable energy and a sustainable future for our grandkids because the oil and gas industry paid U.
@JoyceChaplin1 Ted, please leave history debates to professionals. You clearly don't know what you're talking about.
Why did the professor get Tenured; Period???  Not Americans values!
Thanks Senator Cruz for consistently calling out revisionists. Also, kids are now taught that Jimmy Carter was a great leader.
Actually, Jimmy was the BEST President of my lifetime. Of course, he was a great leader.
Very well said Mr.Cruz Keep up the good work.
Get Him, Ted!
You're wrong Ted what a shame
displays that Harvard is no longer worthy of respect
You have*hot tobe kidding! When did she have her lobotomy? Gads .. !!
He should be removed from Harvard! This is disgraceful! When is action going to start being taken? #KathyGriffin needs to go to jail!
Seriously your a dope.
so you're saying they stopped teaching US history around the time they stopped teaching civics.
To be fair there's judges in the 4th & 9th circus courts that clearly don't understand the Constitution. They failed US history/civics in HS
You just can't fix stupid at any level!
Actually, you're wrong, sir... Peace of Paris treaties ended the war, so it goes: 'war+treaties+constitution=USA' #History #TryAgain 
American gov't doesn't hold treaties valid unless it serves them...violated every single one made with natives.
Neither can the American President.  So sad!
Ted, you are brilliant! Did you know that?
And the Constitution was written and ratified 6 years after the Treat of Paris. Which is also after the US was a thing.
By that logic, the CSA is a country
Even someone tenured at Harvard didn't grasp American History
If the treaty doesn't count then neither does the war.
Sadly, most professors are liberals.  I understand they have changed textbooks to reflect that garbage.
Very sad indeed
You don't even go by your birth name.
Another academic elitist trying to rewrite history to further their leftist agenda
Hey pendejo Declaración + Revolution + French come with Aid + Constitution = USA  looks like you wasted your time in collage
Just sad. GOP Cruz tried to trip Sally Yates up as she testified at hearing when Cruz only read part of a law.Yates-Cruz=Cruz laughing stock
@SadiesQ the earth has been over populated since 1860s, ppl that are worried so much should do the world a favor. .
sry I'm just retweeting anything that makes me mad lol. I'll stop now
it's a good time to be mad ,we hear our leaders praying for victims every other day,I guess the answer is take care of it.
maybe soon they will get the message, so keep tweeting it's cathartic
Anyone notice that @CNN liked this post? I think a small area in hell froze a little bit.
Yes do you remember a time when people were brain washed into not thinking for themselves?
Kinda scary, isn't it?
@JoyceChaplin1   Ted knows revolutions. His father was part of the revolution that brought the communist Castro to power in Cuba.
You took over $2 million from oil and gas. You're nothing but a shill and mouthpiece for big oil.
what the hell is wrong with her? We declared our independence
After what happened in London,this is why we need Trump to hold a joint press conference with retired DHS agent Philip Haney ASAP!
Sweetheart, the treaty of Paris ended the revolutionary war. #pickupahistorybook
Stupid being passed onto the stupid
Very sad!
If you look, a lot of previous POTUS have attended Harvard & or Yale. #ImagineThat
By this reasoning, we should conclude that the USA was created in 1787, with the Constitution being the limiting factor in terms of dating.
Of course, the Treaty of Paris predates the ratification of our Constitution, so when did we become a separate nation?
Those who can, DO. Those who can't, TEACH. Like @JoyceChaplin1. #Left/#Dems rewrite history b/c they want Globalism. #USA = Independence
/ & these far left lib profs r brain washing our children.  Man-on-the-street interviews show how clueless our youths are today
Thank God for you Senator! For always standing up for USA and TX
Twit
THANK you. This is who's educating our future leaders? Her lack of historical knowledge is shocking and shameful. Explains a LOT!
So the United States didn't exist before 1789?
Now you're catching on!
Will you agree confederacy is not American but anti-American
That's why Harvard is in decline. Too many years of Leftist propaganda and indoc into sabotaging American history. Please take over LibertyU
The ironic part is that the French during the Revolutionary War fought on America's side, not against us, for our independence.Who betrayed?
Please help my brother Blue Navy Vietnam Veterans. We are sick from Agent Orange poisoning and we can't get help from the VA. Thanks Mr Cruz
Recommend she study John Adams who was also a student at Harvard and became a founding father and President!
Why they are removing #confederatemonuments to erase all #AmericanHistory 
Your ignorance is showing Senator. Bigly.
And that's what's teaching our youth, know wonder their not to bright.
What??  C'mon Harvard.
I'm thinking he's probably teaching a history course. Makes sense to the libs.
Another Harvard obscurantist
Didn't Obama say this wasn't "Treaty", just an "agreement"? So if we don't agree, no big deal.
You dont know and understand the USA history.  Shame on you.
Bush Sr...Reagan...every admin asked "just incase its true" and made allowance...they did not say "screw it, we ignore and maybe nothing"
The Treaty of Paris of 1783, between the United States and Great Britain, ended the revolutionary war and recognized American independence.
That person should not have a job in that position.
Sad that you actually don't understand the process. Try again.
Typical unfortunately. Never been to a rodeo but can tell us all how to ride a bull. Lady you are at the wrong end of the bull.
WTF!?
Maybe not clear on how it was created...but we are all witnessing how the GOP is allowing Russia to destroy it...
Even sadder that .@tedcruz doesn't know that the we would have lost Revolutionary War without help from France (an international country).
Ted, have you ever considered having a position based in logic and not whatever felt good to your inner Yosemite Sam?
Well the #ParisAgreeement was never a treaty anyway since Senate did not consent. @POTUS44 never sent to Senate
Yep.
Ted Cruz doesn't know the difference between a treaty and a war, and his obnoxious partisanship is why he's so unpopular in Texas.
That's pathetic... they taught this in high school and tenured chair at Harvard doesn't know this ... Wow!!!
And all this time, I thought it was invented by Al Gore!
Our Nation has gone to hell in a hand basket. Only took 8 to 16 years. Time to be strong and do what's right.
I will repeat this again: you were the only candidate worse than @realdonaldtrump. That says a lot you smarmy prick.
How'd you get verified?

"Better to remain silent and be thought a fool than to speak and to remove all doubt."
 @JoyceChaplin1 
#Ironic
#DoubleEntendre
