Vote yes on Devos, please. U'd have to b a spcl kind of evil to be against school schoice for kids & for lobby $
You...haven't researched this at all, have you. Not even a little? Just one Google search?
It's a huge debate, but "special kind of evil" reveals you are pretty ignorant of the pros/cons.
http://m.kltv.com/kltv/db_345020/contentdetail.htm?contentguid=xuCdjSYE … Article from an East Texas news outlet re: one of those "evil" perspectives.
lol. Yes please, I need educated on this subject.
she doesn't know that mentally disabled children have a right to an education for one thing
Hadn't heard that as I've been working, but bravo for an actual viable argument and not a personal attack. :)
Read about how this has crippled Michigan's public education. She also wants to do away with the IDEA Act...
How petty!!!  I wish him luck in his endeavor to resist Trump, his supporters, and all they stand for.
instead of constantly attack Chuck Schumer, why don't you listen to YOUR constituents. We're not happy.
seems to me ur doing a fine job of alienating ur own base, Sir.
your dilllema: satisfying the base while protecting the Republic
Sir: We the People ask you to stand up for what you know is right behavior or know you will be forever known as an opportunist.
is quickly unraveling. He needs professional help.Time to step in & do something.He's loosing his mind. Save US
Cornyn's dilemma: Supporting his constituents while defending the indefensible. #noDevos
vote NO on DeVos, Senator. We will remember this next election cycle!
He is already a waffling hypocrite.
Cornyn's dilemma: Not losing his position if he destroys education in America.
Schumer is working hard to shrink the Democrat minority but what are you doing to help him?
I would say that you sir, have a much larger problem on your hands with the nut in the West Wing.... and Trump too!
's dilemma - Representing only a portion of his constituents while maintaining his power in Congress. Country or party, Senator?
schumer is w rhinos and democrat party globalists....globalism loses, sovereignty wins
So he has the same problem you have? #DoYourJob
Interesting article, but listen to your constituents. Vote NO to DeVos and Bannon.
It is time for you to really see what our POTUS is up to and his inner sanctum. This is not how a democracy works. Do your job
Hey Cornyn, you need to focus on the constituents you supposedly represent. Stand up and be a man.
Cornyns dilemma, saving his soul, while placating a tyrant. This will be your legacy, collaborator.
doj needs to pursue voter fraud cases on all democrat party leadership.
isn't that exactly what you are doing by refusing to acknowledge the # of constituents asking you to BLOCK Devos? We see you.
I am tired of the far outs having their way all the time as bully and haters
John, how long will you ignore your own constituents by jockeying for a place in Trump's train wreck?
you need to be focus on not voting for Devon!!!!!!! Not worry about Schumer.
your dilemma is follow your conscience or follow an unpopular president. Please listen to your conscience
vote no against Betsy Devos. She's incredibly unqualified. Read your emails
don't follow in Twitler's tweeting habits.  Goodness gracious, worry about your own backyard.  Like, why don't you try UNITING??
Minority president (by a lot). When do Rs start putting the country ahead of the party?  Terrible cabinet picks - esp. DeVoss.
Maybe if you keep quoting Cornyn he will start reading WP. Improve TX literacy! #noDevos
Since you don't care about Texas kids enough to vote no on Devos can you at least add "first do no harm" to oath
@pkcapitol Oooh- never provoke a republican! They'd just as soon destroy the USA before admitting they've made a HUGE mistake.
@pkcapitol At least he has the balls to stand for what is right. #Coward #YouBreedShame
.@JohnCornyn minor problem compared to GOP. @realDonaldTrump said he respects a leader who murders his opponents & said The US does the same
It's time corny should start worrying about his own base in Texas (from a TX voter/taxpayer)
Trump Tells O'Reilly He 'Respects' Putin http://insider.foxnews.com/2017/02/04/preview-bill-oreilly-donald-trump-super-bowl-interview … Here's the REAL dilemma and the world is watching.
a hateful politician looking out for YOUR own interest and not what the people want #Votehimout2020 @karenhunter
clearly you're republican 1st over anything else and that is disgusting you have no morals or values just
that's what you're supposed 2 do u work for the people of the US and protect those who can't protect themselves
Enjoying your trip to Florida with our "so called" President.Texas is watching.
in a few short weeks, your party has turned our country into a laughingstock! You are an embarrassment.
Country over party!  What do you think about the president's opinion on Putin and how we are just as bad? Any comments?
https://media.giphy.com/media/26gs8weRkGeCo7Y4g/giphy.gif …
O’Reilly told Trump that Putin is a killer. Trump’s reply: ‘You think our country’s so innocent?’
http://wapo.st/2jPzEi4 
Your dilemma: Getting reelected after ignoring constituents & not standing up for what is right. History will judge you harshly.
Dems against DeVos campaign is on rampage. She must be bad for teacher unions, but good for children.
Your party is dying one tweet at a time. America will survive. The Grand OLD Party will not.
How do you feel about Trump attacking another judge?
John's dilemma: Satisfying his belief in conservative principles while alighting with Trump
did they tell you all to talk about this today? Listen to your constituents and stop this stupidity
Democrats have stepped over the line with the latest round of court filings. Too late to make up.
Your dilemma is that you're abusing your majority and have a complete lack of self-awareness #Rightsideofhistory Get with it pls
you might b in that position next year--keep kissing POTUS ASS.
.@JohnCornyn a representatives job is to speak and vote for the majority, or did you forget that?
Cornyn's dilemma, hiding from his constituents while collecting his check. #TaketheDeVosPledge
vote no on DeVos and please answer your phone!
@SenSchumer JC, fyi retweeting the exact headline is redundant -- Kind of like saying stupid Republican.
@pkcapitol Vote no on DeVos. Speak out against the #MuslimBan. Your constituents (me included) are counting down til 2020.
Vote no on Bannon to the NSC. Ask Trump to show tax returns or undergo congressional investigation. Tell Ted Cruz to do his job.
You post more about him than you do about your views.
#NOtoDeVos a blatant disregard for your constituents, D's & R's, on this unqual candidate, is YOUR dilemma.
Worry about yourself. We continue to try and reach you. Vote No on DeVos! Listen to your constituents.
more hacky partisan tweets while POTUS says US the moral equivalent of Russia. The GOP is garbage.
#RepublicanHypocrisy 

#EliteTakeover  #RepublicanCOUP 

#EnemyOfDemocracy 

#Collaborator 

#GOPtraitors
is this you? Or someone managing your account?!
#EliteTakeover 

Republicans are shutting down any ethics overview 
Our president just equated the US with a murdering thug who takes out airplanes journalists & dissidents. Help!!
no dilemma. Vote NO Betsy DeVos. You are my senator.
DISTRACTION: Keep ignoring the fact that your president publicly disrespected  another Federal Judge.
You see all these posts, Senator. You're supposed to represent our voices. Clearly you don't give a shit.
cornyn's dilemma, endorsing Trumptastrophe and trying to weasel out of it later. Also, how to best spend big oil money.
Your dilemma: getting reelected after you have screwed over and fleeced your constituency
You need to worry less about Chuck, and more about your constituents. Texas 78613. Vote no on #DeVos.
your dilemma: keeping GOP Senate order w/out looking like even bigger suck ups to white supremacists. #boxturtle
Vote No on DeVos!!!! we want to talk to you.
focus on yours. How can you promote a wholly unqualified candidate for Sec. Ed?
He'll support DeVos and get others to do so b/c he's a Republican first. USA and Texas be damned.
