Q: Will John Cornyn ever stop playing stupid partisan games and work for the good of the country? A: No.
Zero chance of that happening.
I will vote him in again and again
By yourself? Wow.
Just that one lonely bot? lol
He'll get more bot support once he renews his oath of fealty2  
Perhaps another vote2repeal #Obamacare or repealing more pollution regs
Will Republicans try to make this about Clinton?
Everything the past 25 years has been about Clinton for the GOP. They're the party of anti-Clinton and tax cuts for the rich.
Now that's not fair. They reeeeeeaaaaallllyyyy hate Obama too.
Agree, but Obama was brief. They've hated the Clintons and loved tax cuts for the rich for much longer and have been consistent about it.
It's amazing, isn't it? You can directly follow their policy decisions based simply on their hatred/opposition to the Cs and O. Wild.
Yes, it's one of the only things they've been consistent about. Repeat it enough and here we are today with this lunatic as POTUS.
I guess British intel is operated by Russians too.
17 US intel orgs are fake? Plus I guess all the major news organizations are fake news 2.
It is not rocket science to connect the dot to see the corruption in DC
1)Why are you Senate Cornyn encourag division in our country. Like @JohnMcCain @lisamurkowski @SenFlakeStaff @SenCollin
Try focusing your on working for the greater good
Here we have a Trump puppet who defends and supports Trump at every single turn pretending to care about Russia. Partisan hack needs to GO!
I see you're in full InfoWars/Breitbart mode today.
Texans I know proudly tell me everything is bigger in TX. Thank you, Sen. Cornyn, for proving that contention when it comes to lying!
@MaxineWaters is like a rabid dog. Does nothing for constituents. Only capability is texting anti- @realDonaldTrump crap
FALSE
My opinion based on observation.  TRUE in my mind.
I cannot wait until you are gone.
Smoke and mirrors to distract from the real traitor.
Your pushing a NY Post editorial? Holy shit, is that all you have? This is too funny. Good one Senator.
This ought to scare you. 
@BobSMueller Will Trump stoop any lower? Assange is pro-Trump and lies in attempt to smear Mueller's good name.
breeaking news! " will trump sign sanctions against "Daddy"- "Will Oli Garch cash in those chips on Familia Trumpyus" STAY tuned!!
why do you just not do your job, Comrade ? you are so yesterday's man #resist
Hold a town hall
Democrats shouldn't stop anything Republicans are in charge of House & Senate & all committees, so do your job.
They know it benefits the country to work with Democrats.This is why ppl are angry at http://you.You  put Party before country

As a Texan, extreme disappointment in republicans, especially McCain. You need to come out publicly against McCains traitorous vote.
Thank you, John Cornynovich. You're building upon a foundation of zero credibility. "NY Post"? Seriously? You need to put down the Coolade!

3)like @SenJohnMcCain says,"you're getting nothing done." We pay you to work across parties. Angry you are FAILING TXns
Will Republicans try to make this a partisan issue instead of focusing on national security and election integrity? So far, yes. Pathetic
It was the liberal leftist communist like democrats who have to date tallied 11 million illegal votes so far
http://www.nydailynews.com/amp/news/politics/billionaire-gop-patron-behind-trump-social-media-bot-army-article-1.3236933 …
No.
Stay focused and follow the $$$$! We all know it's THE only  motivation. Let's get on with it. We the People want our country back! #Resist
EhHell No! WE WILL NOT LET THE http://S.O.Bs  what's sauce for the Goose is sauce for the Gander! this investigation is realKarma
Will John Cornyn ever put country over party?
Either except a position on his damn staff OR be a senator. You can't keep taking his money and feigning interest in Texas any longer..
How can Democrats block a probe, wouldn't it take majority members to make that happen?
Why are you defending 45 in this?
Do you have information of which Mr. Mueller should be aware?
Russians will do everything they can, agree?  Russia doesn't want US to lose/win (they got Trump the hack); idea to destabilize all fronts.
STOP Senator.  You're embarrassing yourself as well as the Nation.
BullShit! John. You should just get out of the BullShit! biz. You're not very good at it.
No the Russian probe of Isis found a line item in Obamas federal budget and pictures of him with Isis the USA  should be in The Hague
Republicans need to step up, NOW! Get behind Oresident Trump NOW!
Make sure they don't. Equal justice under the law.
You're kidding, right? Were you part of putting this: http://bit.ly/2vUaohZ  together? It's too obvious that you're covering.
Will Republicans do the right thing and get the traitor out of the WH? C'mon John...Country B4 Party.
I remember when treason was a crime. You should remember too, John. It was like...back around November, 2016. Wake the F up!!!!
Does Cornyn know he's peddling the same redirection/misinformation that the typical russian bot peddles?  I bet he does. Cornyn is complicit
You're projecting. Not everyone is a shill. Don't you get that Trump will hang y'all out to dry when he's done with you? Look at his record.
You mean they want to investigate your Russian ties and worship of Trump over America? They need to force you to confess to everything
What exactly is your point?  Please focus on representing Texas.
Will u initiate the probe? If not, then why do u care what the Dems do.
Your should be commended for soviet – style propaganda techniques.
You rely on the NY Post for information? You're a real Texan and a complete buffoon!!! You need to start reading some Texas papers.
My esteemed TX Rep, it's not 4 U 2 ponder but ensure us that you won't allow dems blocking probe into their own corruption @SenTedCruz help!
I thought Republicans were in charge.  try convincing D's to work with your Ideas, instead of trying to make them comply, or win the "game"?
Dude, no. They won't. The fact that you'd suggest so makes me question what little regard I have for your moral center.
Democrats are the scourge of our nation!

You are an embarrassment @JohnCornyn putting party and Trump before country. Shameful, truly shameful.
Does the GOP let the minority party dictate who testifies before Congress? Only when it's convenient!
No. Russia has dirt on everyone, @realDonaldTrump's is worst dirt and Putin has it. We don't fear an investigation. But DJT does. #kompromat
there are more important things to investigate, you HACK! Stop covering for #illegitimatePresident comrade Trump!
Will you open YOUR eyes to Trump's collusion with Putin?
Suggest u view On Assignment w/ @RichardEngel. End party over country. Ur oath of loyalty 2 Trump came after oath 2 CONSTITUTION, u choose.
Go ahead and waste more taxpayer dollars on yet another Clinton witch hunt. See where that gets ya #loseCruz2018 #canCornyn2020
No. They won't. How about the GOP?
Are you & Donnie in a contest to see who can post the most ignorant tweets? What's the winner get?  
#YouWorkForUs
What is shameful is the witch hunt that has no basis in fact & keeps pointing back to the Dems!
Will Republicans stop the charade with repealing ACA and work with Dems?
Fusion itself had been hired by anti-Trump Republicans who dropped their funding when Trump won the GOP nomination.
Why is @JohnCornyn and @GOP allowing the Dems to block probe of a Russian op against Trump?
John, since the @GOP is the majority party, why aren't you pushing for Glenn Simpson's testimony? What are you hiding from Americans?
Will you grow a spine and stand up to @realDonaldTrump when it is shown he is a traitor in the end? People of TX deserve better than you.
Let me help you with some facts so fellow TXs can make informed decisions. Bush family can help you answ who hired? http://www.vanityfair.com/news/2017/03/how-the-explosive-russian-dossier-was-compiled-christopher-steele …
Ques. Sen. If Steele finished invest 4 free & gave to McCain for IC which of the 2, or both, are you Sugg is Russ OP https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/01/11/us/politics/trump-intelligence-report-explainer.html?ad-keywords=ampmobile&partner=gamp …
Lol, oh look at the outrage now. Guessing DNC stinking of Russian and other foreign money.
you & r's have blocked every question, probe & investigation into anything regarding 45, his family & Russia. your hypocrisy defines you.
The real Russia collusion stay brought to you by DNC & McCain & Comey! That is more than Mueller signed up for
My question is will YOU block fixing ACA?
No one has to "conspire" against Trump. He & Jr are doing a great job providing evidence against their selves. This makes YOU look crooked!
Do your job and preserve our democracy. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
Oh FFS John, stop with Trump "I know you are but what am I" 3rd grade nonsense. It's reckless to boost conspiracy theories.
Quaint. Trump's treason is not his fault!
Remember to vote!  Republicans, plan NOW to go to your Primary Election.  GOP can do better than Cornyn in 2020!!
Did Republicans block Trump "collusion" probe? Do Republicans understand leadership? What is wrong with y'all? Why are u acting like losers?
Please read something else besides the NY Post and the Examiner. Your brain is shrinking. And we're sick of you and your partisan crap.
I hope so. Trump is unfit and unstable. He needs to be removed or divested of power quickly. No one needs to pour more $ into his craziness.
Seems like you have enough to worry about in your own party.  Actually doing something productive with health care maybe?
You really hate democrats don't you?  When working across the aisle I never see you as the first to reach out.  Maybe ur the problem.
Senator, when do you think you need to start working for America rather than Trump. Please stop playing politics and do something for USA.
I hope not @JohnCornyn. It's a shame to waste the money but good to expose the extremely high @realDonaldTrump BS and diversion
Complicit Liars like Coryn and all the Trumpers should be first drafted when Trump starts WW3 or Civil War.. great way to show your love
They're about as worried about that as they were about Obama's birth certificate or the endless Benghazi conspiracies (that is, not at all).
Will you do your job and represent the wishes of your constituents and pull your head out of DJT's crack? @JohnCornyn
You have the majority so there shouldn't be a problem. Why do you let the Dems get their way no matter what?
Will Cornyn ever understand the difference between partisanship and representation?
Hoping we have forgotten all about your healthcare fiasco huh John? Nope. Your lies didn't help that & it won't help this situation either.
Seems unlikely.
End this nightmare! Impeach @realDonaldTrump and @mike_pence!
If you can't protect proper procedure and order in the US Senate you should step down. We asked you to get serious on Russia months ago.
John stop defending him. He had help from outside forces to steal the presidency. About 40% of people did not vote. We need no masters.
You are quickly becoming a laughing stock. Ample evidence Russia was helping Trump and probably responsible for his victory. #RedHerring
Oh! But, John, how in heaven's name can you continue to support that narcissistic, megalomaniac clown from hell?
Only if 60 votes are required.
Now this certainly qualifies as FAKE NEWS
What is it with you & opinion pieces? Why don't we discuss REAL issues at a #townhall? Why are you so scared of your constituents? 
You work for the people of Texas and not Trump, Inc or the Koch  Brothers.
The GOP is complicit with Trump, you will always put Party over Country John, you can help yourselves.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whataboutism?wprov=sfla1 …
This would fit into Mueller remit, he is a straight shooter, if Dems helped launder Russian money or anything else, he will find it.
Was it Jeb Bush or Never Trumpers who hired Fusion GPS first, this must be made part of the record
Fusion GPS was hired by Republicans first, be careful of what you wish for, Mueller is probably investigating this as well.
1. Democratics don't chair the committees.
2. Simpson declined to appear. 
3. Kushner negotiated to testify without oath and closed session.
The New York Post.  . Lord Voldemort is on his own as far as I'm concerned seeing as he wasn't terribly concerned with our democracy.
WTH is gnawing at you senator? The fact that you have a full count and still Congress is impotent? No pride left or you would not post this.
Give it up already John, you're going down with him if you continue to dissemble like this for him
.@JohnCornyn & .@nypost must think people are really stupid. The Rs control the senate and the house currently and have the final say.
Don't you mean Russian op FOR Trump? Or is your loyalty to party outweigh loyalty to country?
Why do you refuse 2 have townhall meetings in Texas? Do you support Mr Mueller? When is impeachment of 45?
Will our senators put country party?
How can this be possible? Who runs the Senate?
Ask your boss.
Trump budget director: It's White House policy that nothing gets a vote in Congress before healthcare http://hill.cm/bwLKico  
God you're a hack. Salty from not being a good enough whip?
Nothing but empty suit. Bone dry water wells  have more use. Resign, do something,Exit, drink oil overseas!
Yes
"block probe..." pfft.
Do better. Stop ur petty BS. #cornygoals#dobetter
voters hate all this....gop and dems in congress are either fascist, socialist or dysfunctional....while the hcare problems continue to grow
I think you & MANY REPUBLICANS are SO naive
DEMs have gone too far Left & have & ARE using ANY means to get their way
DEEP CORRUPTION IN DC
