Take OUTMedicaid cuts:you hurt disabled,elderly& own TX school districts depending on Medicaid reimburse bec TXLEGE won't fix TX ed funding
Don't do this to our health care.
800 billion from Medicaid! YES this will hurt Texans. 4 in 10 children, 60% of kids who have disabilities and 60% of nursing home care!
You say "talking" but you mean "shamelessly lying"
Again, stop advocating the AHCA like it's good for everyone, because the only way they benefit is if they're wealthy, or suicidal.
why won't you come talk to us in TX?  When is town hall during recess?
@wolfblitzer -Stop saying ACA was a failure. The failure was yours. You didn't support health care for all Americans. Over 60xs repeal? 1/2
How was it a failure if it actually works in my state?Why could we make it work&other states couldn't? It was a choice to make it work! 2/2
@SenateMajLdr had to check with ** BIG PHARMA ** before releasing BS health care plan #CornynLies #McConnellLies
It's a joke. It will cost more $$$ to repeal when they can just FINALLY fix. Ask CA, MI, OH, etc - they make it work!
Seriously how much of a tax cut will you and @SenTedCruz get if this passes? 765$ billion for wealthy. #SAD#BIGLY >23% of Americans want!
Be nice if you would talk to TEXANS #TownHall
Why?

Tell him all about the #DeathPanel that crafted #TrumpCare
Being honest or lying to @wolfblitzer ?
Your failure of imagination suggests early onset of dementia. Might want to consult with a physician.
John Cornyn: "I can't imagine a more transparent and open process." Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahah
In all seriousness, how do you sleep at night knowing that you are taking health care away from those that need it the most? #compassion
A shallow man, indeed.
How do we know you're being dishonest and disingenuous? Because your lips are moving.
Trying to sell your defective product?
Disgusted by your posturing on the bad bill.

Pull his fake beard for me, will you?
You are looking old today, I am older. b representative of all citizens not just rich,white & men citizens.Women might should take control
Well if you're talking, your lying. No need to listen.
I read the bill. Shameful is the best thing I can say.
AHCA act rolled out is horrendous.
Your senate healthcare bill is atrocious and rips healthcare from millions of Americans to deliver a $600 billion tax cuts to the wealthy.
Watched all your poetic lies. Sure, it doesn't cut Medicaid. I was born at night, Senator. Just not last night.
He said, "Gives flexibility to the states". What the hell does THAT mean?
It means Gov Abbott gets to screw us even more!

Biggest Cornyn Lie This Week: 

"I can't imagine a more transparent and open process."  Via @ericawerner
Dear god you look like a ninny!
Neat
Thanks for sharing.
You needed notes to answer q's on a bill that you helped draft? We in big trouble if you don't know what is in it.
Wolf Blitzed!!!
Get something done John!
As constituent & health professionals from SA Tx, Vote No on the Health bill; cannot allow insurance to decide what is covered
Why?
Your health bill is cruel to sic older folks, it mind boggling.  I am fifth generation Texan and your bill will kill me and many others.
You don't like Trump's tweets, the distraction is dumb  investigation with Mueller & his many democrats helping him. Move on to agenda
I hope you said you don't support the health care bill since this constituent DOES NOT
Your ability to lie so easily and freely is frightening. It's not normal man. Get help.
Talking to @wolfblitzer ?? Wow. That had to be torture! Glad I missed it!
Your health care proposal is despicable and a reflection of the lack of consideration or care for the American people. It is appalling.
Looks fake
- Open & transparent how? How will ppl on Medicaid get health insurance with these cuts?
Why didn't you answer his question as to ur thought on why Trump lied about having tapes of Comey? U think it cld be witness tampering?
Your killing us. Not like comedy style... Like slow sure death to millions in the name of some billionaires want Tax breaks. Want and need??
Does that make you fake news now?
HOW ABOUT YOU TALK TO YOUR CONSTITUENTS IN THE TEXAS CAPITOL JOHN.
I heard your lies. Your "healthcare" bill is a tax break to your buddies. Texas can do better than Cornyn and Cruz.
Are you talking about the death panels you're about to unleash on America?
"I can't imagine a more transparent & open process"?!?! Well, almost everyone else can since #AHCA has been behind closed doors w no debate!
Not impressed.  Leaving healthcare at the hands of those in Austin...might as well give out arsenic to elderly, ill, and disabled.
"Give out arsenic"
Dear Lord - don't give the GOP any ideas.
You're Probably lying too #DoYourJob for ALL Texans
Why would you waste time with @wolfblitzer from Fake News @CNN
At the end of the day (so to speak) nobody is going to thank you. Do you enjoying hurting ppl?
Talking about how open the process was in drafting the AHCA Or how bad your imagination is?
We call him "Blitz," sir
Watching. Sincere question. You want to cut growth of Medicaid. How does your legislation help people get non-Medicaid health insurance?
u have really small feet. random comment yes but also too obvious not to notice.
Wasting your time. #FakeNews
