@POTUS I think you remove ILLEGALS from rolls, and watch the deficit reduced, we're starting to win the battle, huh!
wow. You're an election judge, and you get on here yelling about illegals. Good to know. Liberty, I see.
it's scary the judges that get elected in Texas @JimSpencer7 @JohnCornyn @POTUS
@ChrisSalcedoTX @ToniTagliarino @JohnCornyn @POTUS Beautiful ain't it, we're free, free, free at last, Thank God we're free!
You forgot what freedom cost, you are making our freedom cheap
Oh no you don't, men & women die each day so you can spout off!
I'll bet money you never fought @Married0305 @POTUS @ChrisSalcedoTX @ToniTagliarino @JohnCornyn
Missing t/ point.We've all fought for freedom, fight now is not to lose what's been gained
John! My premises were soaring before Obamacare. And I couldn't get coverage for preexisting conditions, you ninny.
choose: brutal free markets that might fix price inflation on healthcare OR an aggressively compassionate single payer plan.
& ur ok with an additional 24+million kicked off HC?!Regulate what the insurance co can charge! Fix ACA, add #singlepayer and stop the 99%
liberal critics are same who don't even know what they are protesting.  Do the best for all that you can and ignore critics
lols, the CBO spoke for itself. I'll be supporting a primary challenger.
fewer will suffer if we expand Medicaid in TX.  Stop obeying party masters. TX first
LOOK FOR A JOB, DUMP TRUMPCARE
this bill would make it worse!
We want real and thoughtful reform of the ACA. This bill as it stands is heinous and dangerous. Slow down and get it right.
try bringing a real solution to the table and not this dog and pony, 3 card Monty bill. #Trumpcare is a disaster!
thank you Senator for stating truth.  Texans are worst hit by this nightmare Trumpcare.  Your constituent, FW TX
How will Ryancare add choices?  It reduces the number insured.  Demand creates supply.  Economics 101.
premium price increases slowed after ACA. Remember healthcare was an issue before Obama?
That's what your bill provides.
I'm ok with anyone not being insured who doesn't pay for it or who doesn't want to be insured. It's called freedom #FullRepeal
this best u can do? U ever read replies? Nobody wants R 'plan' ; all want improved #ACA or even better, #MedicareForAll #resist
seriously? Your bill will allow more to be insured? With what incentive? With what decrease in premiums?
see the non-partisan CBO analysis please.
your snarkiness doesn't make you a better Senator, it just makes you look defensive. This is your job. You ASKED to work for us.
we're not ok with 24 million of our citizens losing coverage. Why do you want to take away life saving treatment?
The House is apparently ok with 52m uninsured. WH estimates even bloodier. Roll up your sleeves, cross the aisle, get to fixing.
Are you okay with my parents - age 50-64 - getting slammed with 15-20% higher premiums they can't afford?
They are solid GOP voters - but never again if GOP does this to them.
Just make sure to vote!
Give up your insurance and go on this plan & see if it works for you. Also, try living for a month salary of min wage worker.
you know Senator I could be perfectly happy with your health care package. Where do you send your premium?  How much each check?
they're not, which is why the support improving it; GOP ADDS 24 MILLION TO THAT NUMBER!!! That's 30 + 24. 54 = More than 30.
and maybe everyone who wanted to get rid of Aca for 7 yrs should have spent time on tweaks instead of this rush job.
& states that took #Medicaid expansion doing way better. Thanks for nothing #txlege
the trumpcare plan isn't any better, put parties aside and do your job.
people's lives are at stake. Which makes this is an all or nothing issue. Half measures and playing politics won't cut it.
That is what YOU will be causing if you repeal Obamacare.
the house bill solves literally none of those things. Stop trying to distract people.
Your number includes 20 million Medicaid users who will NOT be affected. #FulRepeal? Yes. #FullRepeal
how much of a tax break will you get? Way more than I do.
I guess you're ok having a traitor as your boss. 
You are kidding right? Those changes actually make the system worse. People over party. Come on!
Single payer NOW.  Medicare for ALL.  Decent healthcare is a HUMAN RIGHT, not just for the privileged few.
50+M uninsured, soaring higher premiums (everyone except young) and unaffordable deductibles (basically everyone) is better?
No, we are noT ok with that. That's what we had before ACA... being snarky suits you.
It appears @JohnCornyn is more interested in attacking critics of #Trumpcare/#GOPCare than defending the bill on its merits. I wonder why?
Also, is it opposite day at the Cornyn house? He must know deductibles will soar w/AHCA. And of course 24 mil?
People make bad choices and seems govt wants to protect them from themselves. No incentive to work and budget
You could FIX the ACA, but NO!  You're still in a snit that it's called Obamacare. How sad you provide no leadership!
we are ok with ACA and you improving it.  More coverage and more affordable deductibles.  Repeal isn't needed.  I vote in TX
still reading through comments to find one of YOUR constituents who agrees w/you. Appears you stand only w/the GOP on this one.
, your constituents want you to work for them, not your donors.  We won't forget.
, AHCA has soaring premiums and even MORE uninsured.  GOP took a  good idea and made it worse.
The new plan doesn't fix a single one of those. #Laughable #GiveAModerate
And somehow #TrumpDontCare is a superior alternative? So pathetic you and @tedcruz are in that clown's back pocket.
Are YOU ok with your state having the worst maternal mortality rate IN THE WORLD?
No, we are not. That's why we want Universal healthcare like the rest of the civilized world.
just fix the ACA. Why is this not the obvious choice! Stop hating Obama and make the thing work.
What the hell is wrong with you?
No, but better than the number uninsured by the #AHCA.  Why don't you suggest a rational improvement?  I think #singlepayer might be good.
Straw-man.  I am ok with what happens if we don't start another entitlement. The answer is not to have the gov pay for your healthcare.
so your plan is to kick another 30m off health insurance? Why do I have trouble believing you...
- excuse me, but premiums are projected to increase for 10 years before improvement. Give me a break!
Repeal and replace sounds sexy politically.  What's REALLY sexy is a bill that truly attempts to help those who are in need.
You need to join the real world and then you might understand! But. I think you are not intelligent enough to get it!
what are you even talking about?
nope.  Single payer is the answer.  Plain & simple.
you really should show up for a town hall meeting. We'll tell you what we think!!! 78610
Its most likely fake news. Everyone wants health insurance.
Come on @JohnCornyn .  You are a well paid United States Senator.  Quit the 6th grade argument. If you believe this true, provide data
No. We just want you to FIX it; not make it worse.
NO! Why is it we have to accept either? This is your oppty to make it right but NO you sacrifice seniors. #doright #fixit
Are you making problem better or worse? Go single payer.
Seeing that most Texans are undereducated, underemployed, and uninsured, how does that bill help them?
How does #Trumpcare / #rhinocare fix soaring premiums and deductibles?  #FullRepeal
Are you talking about your own bill?
Read the CBO report.Your plan will kick more people off healthcare than even b4 ACA. Not healthcare, a fig leaf for a tax break!
Single payer and be done with it. Stop sucking up to the insurance companies.
Do your job. We didn't elect you for your unproductive sarcasm. Won't make that mistake again in 2020. #goodbye #TrumpRussia
- FIX the ACA, reduce uninsured, expand Medicaid, move toward Medicare for all/ single payer. Trumpcare = bad for USA! #NoAgeTax
What are you even talking about? We need non-Trumps to have some minimal respect for reality; you have to save us from him.
You can't do that if you're trotting out these... disingenuous distractions? Delusions? What are you even doing?
You are making up false facts. You need to quote real facts put out by our own gov agency DOB facts. Making up lies is criminal
How about Medicaid expansion &
caring for the elderly & sick. ACA needs severe adjustments.Expand yr mind and think about every1
ObamaCare Just proves the Govt has no business in health care when govt regulates Cost will always increase GET OUT OF MY WALLET
My ins was 90$ a month 500 ded 50 copay with no gov involvement now i pay 300 a month2000 ded and 100 CO Repeal
So i am basicly paying for nothing
ur incompetence shows, when you tweet.
Have you compared the cost for 65-yr old under ACA vs ACHA? Oh wait, ur exempt. Help your constituents (me) & fix ACA.
Your fellow Senators?
Read your tweets. 90% against AHCA. Fix not repeal Obamacare. When is reelection? Maybe retire soon.
stop with the #RepealAndReplace bs and #repair ACA
There are problems with Obamacare that can't be fixed until both parties are willing to work together to address them.
AHCA is dogshit and you know it.  If you really care about providing good, affordable healthcare you'll work to fix Obamacare.
Why do you insist the House bill is the only alternative?
I am disappointed, Obamacare is full of corruption & kick backs, needs to be repealed 100% . Credits don't work, need lower cost
Only Democrats who would love to maintain Obama's legacy! Even a failed legacy!
I just moved to this state (Tx) and can see already how dishonest you are. Will be voting against you come your next election.
No the premiums are not soaring for most. Of those that are (7%) why? What would happened if the GOP got behind the ACA?
Of course not and you know it. Why don't you work to make what we have better? Yea we know, can't support the Black mans work.
What have you offered?
#FullRepeal
it's better than 50+ million uninsured, soaring premiums, unaffordable deductibles, and worse coverage courtesy of republicare
the cbo says the bill will increase the number of uninsured and - in the short term at least - also premiums.
, actually after 8 years of GOP stating "they could do better", turns out they can't. Do. Better.
Hey all, single payer solves everything but doesn't line the pockets of Johnny DeVos Cornyn so he won't back it. Vote him out.
GOP had 7 years to come up with a plan--and this is it? Sad.
Repeal ACA and let the free market takeover. Healthcare is not a right.
Time to think about Americans who need this health insurance. Would you choose ACHA? Or just wait for emergency room?
I guess you are happy with screwing over the poor and old people in Texas.
you know why that number is 30M right?  Because many states (such as TX) didn't take the Medicare expansion. We're not ignorant
Hold a town hall so we can tell you. Maybe then you will listen, instead of this weak tweeting like your orange leader.
Message received John.
Healthcare catering to dark money interests.  GOP quicksand.
Obviously not. We just want to fix it,  not make it worse.
-  you are so full of it - we have a plan make it better- but that's not your plan
Senator, it appears you would be much happier if 50 million or more were uninsured & rural hospitals & clinic have to close?
... taxpayers pay for your health insurance-WHY can't congress use OUR taxes to cover everyone-wld u give up yours?
What in the hell are you talking about? Are you suggesting House bill REDUCES uninsured? Of course not -- this is just garbage
grow up. Fix the things that need to be fixed and stop making Americans' health a partisan issue. Loyalty to people before party
wait, so the response to 30M uninsured is to add another 25M to be uninsured with the new plan. That's going the wrong direction
bill doesn't guarantee any premium reduction. U can say it but doesn't make it true.
If you don't like high numbers of uninsured, why support a plan that will increase them? Why block Medicaid expansion?
not OK with new bill putting Alzhiemers patients out in cold. Guess you hate sick senior citizens also
R these my only 2 options? How about giving me better 3rd option that will allow my parents & I 2 receive adequate health care
"What? You don't like broccoli? Well I guess you just want to starve then, huh?" Silly right? Stop giving billionaires tax break
.@JohnCornyn well Aetna kinda did it in a bit of an underhanded way if you recall..  Wasn’t for any reason but try to bribe government
you appear to be fine with so many people loosing what they have.  This new one will cost more and help less.  #LastTermCornyn
Oh and she's a longtime GOP voter that will be switching parties. #peoplebeforeparty #SaveACA
Disingenuous argument. Premiums rose only for a small subset of consumers & the issue has a simple fix. https://www.google.com/amp/s/mobile.nytimes.com/2016/10/26/opinion/the-acas-premium-increases-are-a-fixable-problem.amp.html …
My mom will not be able to afford care w/your plan. She will die w/out her medication. Fix it or step down & let others fix it.
not what CBO estimates said  come on
.@JohnCornyn no people are angry because this bill helps nobody except the rich and insurance companies. Out of touch
STOP LYING!! I looked at the numbers myself, it's basic math!
my husband and I are retired o&g eng.  Our health costs have gone up for years,not just during ACA.
I can afford more if a needy person is helped
can I get your healthcare plan? Can you make that available?
Gov should subsidize major health services of individuals so premiums aren't inflated for rest of ppl on plan, but we all should pay for HC.
the "fix" is worse than the problem. You had seven years to put something together.
Facts - Premiums rise 15-20%; 24M MORE w/out; Medicare insolvent by 2025; $880B Medicaid cuts
you just described the effects of the house bill...
Everyone upset b/c they have to pay something for HC but nothing is free. Left ideology is tax the successful so we can all be equally poor
So you want universal HC? C'mon man, do better with math. You think 24M off HC is going to help costs for those that pay for HC?
John that's facts & left doesn't want to discuss facts, just criticizing the right for trying to get the corruption & high cost out of HC.
.@JohnCornyn so I guess proponents of the bill are ok with increasing costs for the poor and elderly to provide tax breaks for the wealthy?
have you ever done anything positive for texas? Nope, you have not.
so will you provide leadership to enhance Obamacare not replace it or will you just continue to put party over country??
@RepKevinBrady @JoeNBC @POTUS I think what we would be happy with is you guys fixing ACA and not screwing us the voters 2018!
If Republicans would have helped make it better instead of continually trying to break it we would all be better off. FIX ACA U own it now !
all 3 of those issues will get WORSE under the #AmericanHealthCareAct
…and the “soaring” and “unaffordable” are quite debatable and only become true IF the GOP deliberately undermines the ACA!
If TX and the other states that refused to take ACA supplements 10 Billion to Tx alone more people would have been covered We Are Not Stupid
Better than the 54-58M who will be uninsured under the GOP plan…
isn't that what happens with the #AHCA ? The new bill is way worse. Stop lying/trying to confuse people.
A little sensitive this morning...ACA can and should be fixed...Trumpcare is a disaster and yes we don't Trust you !!! CBO is Truth
nobody is OK with this but the alternative proposed is inhumane. You would know this if you LISTENED to your constituents.
you are ok with elderly and poor people dying or losing everything? The GOP has no soul. You will all see at the polls. No more.
They are not OK with 52M uninsured and even higher deductibles / premiums with #AHCA while giving $800B+ tax break to wealthy
do you seriously not understand how insurance works? In your position that is unacceptable-Please educate yourself or stop lying
you can fix ACA instead of giving millions in tax breaks to insurance CEO's
seriously, no seriously...what is wrong with you? Just admit it you hate your constituents
We kept saying fix, not replace. How does this plan solve any of those problems? It doesn't.
not true.  Why is it so hard to completely repeal and get govt. Completely out of healthcare??
we are unhappy with both ACA & AHCA but AHCA is worse. Maybe try and FIX the ACA in ways that don't hurt people!
Ignore the naysayers and keep doing the right thing for the American people.
are you serious with this ish? CBO says MORE WILL BE UNINSURED under #trumpcare. stop LYING. we see through it.
Does the Republican bill address cost? Where's the reform 2 allow people to buy across state lines and tort reform? Full Repeal!
no, but it's way better than your plan.
False dichotomy there, sparky.  We'd prefer that you put together a bill that helps.
For example, national catastrophic insurance for all.  20k/yr 100k/lifetime deductibles.  Free market for all other insurance.
Incentivise consumer involvement by offering 10% cash kickback when they shop for treatment and it comes on less than average.
national plan deductable debt is non-dispersible like student loans can be immediately taken from tax returns and 10% garnish.
IOW try some IMAGINATION  over this lame strategy. The status quo killed this industry.  A tweak to the status quo won't help.
Let's see how yours sounds in tweet form 'Repeal taxes and bribe insurance incs and their execs to do what we want for five yrs'
Doesn't sound like a plan at all.  A better plan was created on the toilet this morning than Congress (you) did in 8 years.  Sad
how dare you act as if the GOP bill is an improvement. It HURTS people and we aren't stupid so stop lying to your followers.
Don't lie to registered voters.
you're right that's why I'm committed to #MedicareForAll and not your shitty abortion of a plan.
What I am not okay with is being gouged with higher premiums because I am 65. I am healthy because of ACA. Who cares?
better than your alternative, but no. We all want single payer
Party over people as usual! Let's have a Town Hall to discuss. Show us u give a rats ass about us baby boomers.
Obvious why YOU support this terrible bill--tax breaks for insurance execs and penalties paid to companies instead of gov't.
no!  We've always wanted YOU to help more people vs being recalcitrant creeps who opposed everything Obama tried. #trumpcare
did you know you are actually allowed to do the right thing?   Fix it, don't break it more.
no, make the ACA better. Tx should've expanded Medicaid. Republican obstructionism is what's hurting the ACA. #SavetheACA
the only reason you should repeal the ACA is for single payer.
#thatsthestateofallhealthinsurancesenator
this bill will kill people. What does RS have on you that you can't do what is right for Texans? Improve ACA, expand medicaid
Guess what John?! HSA's have unaffordable deductibles way worse than a ACA plan!
So FIX the ACA! Your bill makes everything so much worse. It's not a viable option.
so I guess you are ok with 50M uninsured, people losing employer coverage, and plans that cover nothing?
have you just lived long enough in the Obamacare Derangement Universe that you can't see reality at all anymore?
I am not ok with high premiums or deductibles. Haven't seen anything that offers that. Have you?
what I am not Ok with is a Senator that sends stupid Tweets. Get back to work and fix tha bill. You are the WHIP!  Act like it.
Fix ACA.  I worked over 40 years. Earned my "entitlements".  Always had insurance.  Now I will lose it due to GOP greed. Selfish
NO!  No we are not. So fix it so it works for everyone.
Trumpcare is going to fail and you're going to be sorry you hitched your wagon to it. Trump, too, for that matter.
Your plan stinks. Have a townhall, you're out of step you w/ your constituents. 14 mil uninsured next year alone, read the CBO!
Cut big oil subsidies, golf trips, perks for the rich. Stop screwing elders, poor and vulnerable. ABHORRENT.
let's improve upon the ACA not downgrade it. Universal healthcare like Canada. Why reinvent what's already successful?
You seem to be unable to understand simple problems. #trumpcare will make things worse. We want you to fix #ACA instead. #resist
no we realize that ACA has to be fixed out the REPUBLICANS have refused to work with DEMS for yrs. it is ur fault
What we want is for you not to make anything worse. Fix what needs fixing but keep what works. We should cover more not less.
Actually we are not. CBO and common sense shows AHCA will be worse for people.  Back to drawing board for u. Do ur job.
, @SpeakerRyan plan is critiqued by everyone, hospitals, doc, industry.Your disgust for the poor, elderly, disabled sinful FIX IT
It's certainly better than the 50M uninsured we had before ACA. AHCA would take us back to that many uninsured.
