No one disputes ACA probs. A good representative would read all responses and address people's fears. Are you listening, John?
Conservative Christians make for the WORST type of politicians.
Corrupt / And vilify small groups. Healthcare isn't a privilege
and the Repub alternative solves that by throwing 24 million off healthcare. That's better ... for the rich & ins cos #norepeal
--families from going bankrupt over immorally high costs for life-saving treatments.
wait until they see how much they will pay for less coverage under your rethuglican plan. I will come back and see their replies
Do you truly believe this crap? or are you being the good little soldier doing what youre told to do.
John get govt out of our healthcare
thanks for posting this. Now following @NancyPelosi to  support her as she defends the helpful #aca from #gop
I'm sure you can relate to Pelosi, given that your constituents are pretty universally disgusted with Trumpcare.
I saw the new amendment that was offered to make Trumpcare better: a Medicaid work requirement for able-bodied enrollees.
A Medicaid work requirement does nothing to fix the bad bill that is Trumpcare. Most Medicaid users DO work if they can.
Remember, Medicaid does NOT pay for rent or food. Or maybe you're talking about pregnant moms on Medicaid?
Pregnant women in Texas have often relied on Medicaid because of the mess that is health insurance in our fair state.
Tell a pregnant mom to get a job to qualify for Medicaid? Good luck to her. Despite laws to prevent discrimination, it exists.
I wouldn't be surprised if this drove up Texas maternal death rates further. We've already seen them spike... an epic scandal.
How ironic. Take a look at the White House's similar question. It didn't go very well for them.
- How about a Town Hall next Sunday? We've noticed you seem to have leisure time to tweet a lot on weekend mornings
I will attend a town hall any day.
Nah, he's not having one.
#2020
Do you honestly think the way to lead is by insulting half of your constituents?
using a clearly partisan site to defend your position - no good. Hold a town hall and see what your constituents say
Uh...never heard of "Free Beacon". Would you please do your constituents a favor & at least quote the CBO or MSM.
And what in the hell was she expecting to hear? The usual Democratic response is to just lecture; they don't usually listen.
Term limits on senators and when out they get Social Security and Medicare.  Problems fixed.
You Sir, have no business calling other people out! You are becoming more and more like the Orange One!
And did anyone bother to show those who were helped by the ACA???
I didn't think so.
#2020
@Mrrandy123RP @FreeBeacon Karma doesn't come with a menu...You get what u deserve.
I'd love 2 see u share your response which are overwhelmingly negative. ACA needs reworking for sure but current plan untenable
#AHCA if passed will be bad for Americans use #Freemarket  Gov run healthcare is a disaster no matter which party in control
you're retweeting this crap and not holding #TownHall? I have some choice words to describe this behavior.
Seriously, Senator?The responses quoted in this article don't even say anything.They're not stories.Aren't you better than this?
Prices won't go  for premiums, deductibles but they will most likely lose their insurance. Until you regulate the insurance cos, we are !
all this tells me is that Russian trolls are still hard at work. Town Halls tell a different story.
November 3rd 2020 #LastTerm
and let's ask about before Obamacare?
what are you hearing from the MAJORITY who did not vote for 45? Those of us who dont want to abandon the poor, seniors,disabled
my insurance costs increased bc the insurance companies are greedy. The US govt allows insurance to dictate price.
here's the thing:  insurance companies saw a way to increase costs with an excuse. My HC costs increased some but not BV of ACA
Town Hall.   Chicken shit
give us your healthcare
.@JohnCornyn will you be giving up your healthcare plan since you think so many Americans should do without?
She like most Commies can not handle the truth!
please learn to read and stop focusing on the Democrats.  Focus on what your constituents are saying.  Fix this mess
I'm ashamed that you're my senator. The people of Texas deserve better.
STOP making it worse.  Be a part of the solution not part of the problem.  #DoYourJob
how many do you get?
Do you realize you RARELY get supportive responses? We will remember your acts next election cycle. #wewillvoteyouout
You're quoting fake news sources now? You look more like our horrific president daily. #youpickedthewronghorse #wewillvoteyouout
Just wait till they get on YOUR plan. Oh, wait, it's the oldest, sickest, poorest citizens that will be hurt under YOUR plan.
Positive responses ONLY please! I'd hate to tweet this and find out that there are Texans with differing experiences with ACA.
fix the problems. You have had 8 years to get it together & this is it? Tell your lobbyists to get back to work.
Ahhh taking your cues from the other teeeter these days? Classy! Way to demonstrate your ability to lead the People.
You should be fixing ACA not throwing it out. It's like demolishing a house with good framing instead of just remodeling.
your tweets get quite the responses don't they? Typically not what you were intending.
I keep pointing that out.  He doesn't listen...to anything...but 45. Makes one wonder. #youpickedthewronghorse
man...are there now paid trolls on twitter?
What we need is a national health care program.  Cut out the insurance companies.
That's right John. The ACA is flawed. It should be improved. The AHCA doesn't do that.
John Cornyn's tweets are absurd, half truths, showing how out of touch he is. Next town hall is?
So ny senator shows he does not keep an open mind, quoting @FreeBeacon. He also doesn't listen. No rep, no taxes. Come after me.
dude, I don't want to hear it. Trumpcare is not good for your constituents. #voteno #DoYourJob
Why don't you focus on explaining why @gop can't pass a bill when they control Congress? Easier to slam the Dems?
Why are you defending the indefensible instead of working on a solution that will help the people who need healthcare?
t is funny that pelosi got responses she didn't intend but I feel for those on Obamacare whose costs skyrocketed!
U are trying to sell us on healthcare many will not be able to afford!  We already know GOP's plan will cost more and kick millions off SAD
"Politicians tweet gets negative response" is the story of your Twitter acct.  Glad responses matter.
What @JohnCornyn has in common w/Trump: Shaming Americans while sucking up to Putin. #kremlingate
Yet Repulicancare does nothing to address cost. If you are listening to Americans, then vote no, and write something that lowers cost.
Washington's/Trump's (hence yours, too) plan: destroy the US & prepare us for Russian invasion. Gee, thanks, Comrade.
I'm CERTAIN her tweet resulted in negative responses only. #biased #fakenews #propaganda
Once it goes thru the process & tweaks made,will b fine. Now, ACH/medicaid not being accepted by drs n facilities.
.@JohnCornyn Get rid of the lottery provision. At 100M:1 odds doesn't make a difference & wastes money. Leave Medicare/Medicaid alone! (4/4)
.@JohnCornyn AHCA tax breaks may reduce cost for middle-class. Low-income will suffer b/c tax breaks wont help them.  Subsides better. (3/4)
.@JohnCornyn AHCA tax provisions compensate insurance executives ($400M) to stay in program. That's not how I want my money spent. (2/4)
So this is your idea of a scientific poll? I guess it fits with the rest of your scientific knowledge.
.@JohnCornyn Yes. Middle-class hurt b/c insurance co. dropped out, & lied about losing money. Low-income fared well b/c of subsidies. (1/4)
U R what U eat. In this case, a poorly informed senator... Anderson Cooper still wants his profile picture back.
Andrew Stiles, editor for freebeacon gave $ to Trump campaign-his occupation listed as "#1 TRUMP FAN" on FEC filing. #BiasedNews
ACA has flaws, but Republicare won't fix them. After all this time, is this really the best you can do?
Everybody who responded complained of cost! And ur awful plan is going to cost them MORE! Don't lie to people! It's much worse!
The Washington Free Beacon has been added to the growing list of untrustworthy and fake news sources. #Pickles #newz
@JoeNBC @POTUS @RepKevinBrady Yea John, I hear you.  I heard Pete Sessions had a similar experience at his town hall meeting.  Comments?
You're deflecting again. AHCA is a bad bill & y'all r jamming it thru so we won't focus on #TrumpRussia. Shame.
& don't think we've forgotten about that Gorsuch vote on Monday. Make sure ur staff is ready. We have a lot to say to you.
you have the power to fix rather than destroy the ACA show some moral courage and compassion.
Not compassion 2 have a plan where u can get insured but cannot actually use it b/c it is so expensive. Repeal
77511 here. Don't care much about anything u say until u get trumps taxes released to an independent investigation
really? And you don't think people told their ACA success stories on the WH site? Are you that naive?
So that makes AHCA right? Your only reason for supporting AHCA so far is that ACA is bad. What Im reading about ACHA is not good
"The current plan is bad" does not negate "The new plan is worse".  That's, what, fifth-grade English class logic?  Get with it.
this is pathetic. You supppsed to be a senator not some b rate internet troll. #trumpcare has been overwhelmingly panned.
It's a shame you guys are pushing a plan that will make that all worse.
John, is this what u spend Sunday mornings doing? Spurring political divisions.
Isn't that what Pelosi was expecting to do? Relax it's twitter, so what if he is sharing with his followers 
