But it's ok for our government to do business with Saudi Arabia right? A country that is worse than Cuba for human rights. Ok hypocrite.
Well.. we can do the right thing with Cuba without hurting ourselves economically & military. Not as easy with SA
Plus, Cuba us our neighbor
How is this policy good for anyone including the people in Cuba? We don't need SA. They don't even let women drive!
SA is a very strategic ally. Impacting Cuba doesn't really have a risk to us.
This policy simply pressures their govt economically to be more humane to their people.
 the Duterte fan wants 2implement humanity in another nation while people r shot daily in US?where is the humanity
Take off the partisan glasses quickly. The pt is, this in Cuba has no risk. At all. 
In the Philippines & SA it does.
No partisan glasses.it is business &politics,nothing to do with humanity.he lit a fire in ME by playing 2 Saudi tune.
One wonders why one commie country China gets treated differently than little ole Cuba. This has nada to do w Cuba. All bout Obama. Petty bs
1. China & the US rely on each other economically - we don't rely on Cub
2. Cuba is our neighbor.

It's not spite, it's that Cuba is no risk
Nothing to do with China providing cheap labor for Trump merchandise?
Maybe? I'm not a Trump fan.. but it's the world's 2nd biggest economy. If one of us hurts economically, the world does.
So.... probably not anything to do with Trump's businesses. China impacts us all.
Not so fast. Interesting factoid do you know how China reports their economy?
Are you trying to make a point that somehow our economies do not impact each others?
Nope not at all. My point is we have different measures. And we do not rely on  them for our successful economy
Thank you Senator.
Many who are upset about this would praise it if the last administration had done it. Good to have you speak truth to it.
How do you police that? Once they get over there how are you going to police where they spend there money?
They must use cash. Credit card companies can't do business w/ the junta linked businesses.
I still think this is so disingenuous. We do all kinds of business with totalitarian governments.
I agree. We allow business w/ the Burmese military oligarchy. I haven't followed the area news but they did release political prisoners
The Q: open up n let criminal oligarchy get richer or pressure them 2 change n help the people from suffering. MSM will side w/ criminals
China and Russia are going to fill the void there anyway. Russia is negotiating a military base.
Russians will not build a military base - Monroe Doctrine.
Russia will not invade Crimea...
I really don't understand y'all. You speak of freedoms of Cubans, but you have a radical congress and senate about to demolish healthcaresmh
Rubie boots. Lol
You are s joke.   Stand with our president
Is it cuz Cuba is a small country unlike China and Vietnam and others we have no problem how they treat there people.
I hate communism but it's the Cuban people who must brake the Castro govt.  Not American Cubans living the dream here in the USA.
Responsible military engagement without monetary benefit can help. Don't shun the Cuban mil. It worked w/Nicaragua in 80s, it can work now.
but not individual travel. This is bad.
@realdonaldtrump 
Do nothing-really political move. Ineffectual order is just red meat to that base. Lots of hot air but no lofty effort.
Your jealousy for @PresidentObama is eating your soul. You will soon be just a  shell. I'm sorry for your family .
What do you miss most?
Thanks for your narrow minded thinking.
good
Your nose is brown. How is stifling free trade &  socializing with the Cuban people supposed to help them? Cold war is NOT going to help!!!
Let's talk about how your parents where Batista puppets and left like cowards.
Great speech you gave!
Castro regime will forcefully take their people's dollars;  Trading with other countries; still cubans remine the same.
I have seen pics of Cuba. A paradise to explore. Peace be with all decisions that will be made. One day the dust w/settle. God help them 
You are actually hurting small business in Cuba with this policy
how?? We leave for cuba in several days. Staying in private homes, how does that hurt our Cuban friends?
Because you will not be able to do it in the future
Americans can't travel there now except for Cuba Americans, right. Another Loss of Freedom. Protecting Pharmaceuticals? Trump's hotels? Who?
They were just starting small businesses to compete. Oh, you mean giant, American companies starting in Cuba. Nevermind.
Is this policy pro Cuba. No. Does it help Americans. No. Does it stick to that black SOB Obama. Bingo.
His whole agenda has been to do away w/ Obama's agenda. In a decade we'll be standing in the same place.
Can't wait till the next POTUS reverses the reversals and then the next one can reverse reversal reversals. "Back to the Present"
Places like UAE, QATAR & Saudi Arabia use work visa enticements to create slave culture, but let's fingerbang them.
#LINO
#FuckTRUMP
Please what do you? By your write up
WRONG! @CNN @ABC @CBC @nbc @BBC @marcorubio @nytimes @washingtonpost @LAHT @latimes @LVidegaray @mauriciomacri @EmmanuelMacron @Univision
And benefits Trump's hotel business.  Who is he in this for?
Sir WATS the difference between China, Vietnam why so much hate toward Cuba? Is it the Kennedy connection that really bothers our govt?
#MCCAINSHILL #LILMARCO #NARCOMACO #CUCKBOEY #LOBBIED #DEEPSTATELAPDOG 

@Russia IS OUR ALLY ! #GLOBALIST #LIAR ! 

@RealAlexJones @infowars
Let the Cuba thing go! Nothing we have done has worked.
So it's ok to hurt the Cuban people as long as you get your glory?
Don't do it  take example from surrounding places in relation
I HAD NO IDEA THAT ANY TRAVEL, ANY AMERICAN $'S WENT TO THE MILITARY. WHEN WILL BE REALIZE 0BAMA HATED AMERICA. LOVED DICTATORS.
We have better relations with Vietnam where 50K+ us soldiers died in 60s and 70s. Cuba embargo hurts the people it seeks to help.
And what better way to eliminate the competition for Trump hotels in Cuba?
Be quiet Marco..... We do not like "Brown" nosers or ass kissers
Frustrado h.p tu , tu padre y el resto
Damn, I didnt know Marco supported Daddy Trump... #MAGA
You're saying the people will NOT be hurt by less tourism?
No WH Press briefing 
Sounds like Cuba to me
Because Trump gave you this symbolic action on Cuba, you'll let him kill Floridians' healthcare? SHAME!
Republicans really hate freedom.
Ok I said this b4 Trying to prevent money spent in a communist country from going to government/military is impossible.
Why is there no embargo against Saudi Arabia? 15 of the 9/11 terrorists came from Saudi Arabia, and Cuba has worst human rights issues?
Hypocrites when the potus is dancing with Saudi Arabia who has the WORST human rights and especially womens rights non existent
The whole point of 'travel' is that you eventually leave. Im confused, is MR assuming if you visit cuba you can't come back to the states???
@POTUS have you been to Cuba? I have...millions of tourists and not enough places to stay..Europeans will take over! Sad!

Russia thanks you for this brilliant move
Lying much sir?
Castro  needs to stepdown or be removed by the people .
Little Marco.  Are you still around?
Americans who need health insurance, can't buy it because Mark the Rube @marcorubio snuck repeal of Risk Corridors into Appropriations Law.
nothing done in Cuba had help the situation on the contrary the peoples are the one who are suffering and still and still
And for the next FIVE years the Government can come to you and ask for your journals & contacts. We will be behind Russia & China by then.
Kiss your career goodbye
There was the American Revolution, French Revolution, Ghandi, MLK, and Arab spring. Take your country back like Castro took it from you.
Just stupid!!..
I saw you talking about this on meet the press, not sure it is clear what this means.
Marco wants the country handed over to his rich Cuban friends to once again treat the people of Cuba as indentured servants
You sold your soul. That's one account you can't fill back up with Super PAC money.
Won't you paddle back to Cuba, you said you were out of politics what happened?
oui si lenbarco est lever
Marco you know how intertwined the military is with most Cuban business. The new policy will only reduce the income of poor Cubans. SHAME
I an proud that you went to Cuba with @Potus , i am sure he appreciated ypur present .
Nothing is going tonhappen
@POTUS Cubans luv donaldduck so much keep him!Take him to Cuba let him be President over there!  @realDonaldTrump #impeachtrump
Cubans who had hope for the future, lost it with the Trump/Rubio plan.
.
awesome!
@POTUS 
https://youtu.be/A5uJw0MmDvc  subscribe to my YouTube channel
Yes, you are 100 % correct
Sen. Marco Rubio. Le agradecemos que hagan todo lo posible para liberar a Venezuela de esta dictadura. Saludos
Obama was a great president.  Keep fixing his legacy.  Do the same with Obamacare.
What are the places we can spend and stay going to have a star if David on them?
Eres el mejor.vuelve a postularte para presidente.please
Hey little you're insane bc only an insane person thinks things change by doing the same thing over and over again.
Cuba does not need you racist dogs, the rest of the world loves Cuba.
OMG!!! #ISIS is taking credit for all that #Democrats do!  #Democrat party under the complete control of ISIS! ISIS is a Girl's name! #MAGA
The Cuban population does not agree with you!
How can you call yourself and others who supported this policy  a Democrats when has Country has  blockage  before I was born
Hey amigo remember less government in our life don't take my fundamental human right to travel... have you no shame
That ain't gonna happen the govt runs everything & they'll just get what is paid to #Cuban pple back in their hands you know that don't play
Don't the people work for Castro?How will Americans know the difference between; - example the Cigar factories
Really?  Come on. What a sham.
Sure! with anti-Obama nut in the W H.
Do we have an embargo against Saudi Arabia over their human rights abuses? No we just did a 100b$ arms deal. Cuba needs to be treated fair.
I will travel to Cuba soon by myself, and travel where i want and spend money how i want. Try and stop me Rubio!
Marco the Cuban people are tired of the Castro's and the Miami Cubans dictating their destiny ,do the right thing stand up for what's right
2..it was a dream come true for this Irish gal to visit the country in February....
well guess what? i will travel to Cuba independently soon, just like i did last year. And go where i want on the island. Try to stop me
shame on you Rubio,, for supporting the restricting of my right as an American to travel when and where I want to.
That way 45 can not lose money and gets his revenge when they wouldn't let him build there..how can you live with letting your people suffer
The Cuban govt is funding North Korea
Gets to work
I want the USA to have a completely normal relationship with Cuba. Why do you support Trump? He's a louser
Are you Batista's illegitimate grandson that your @POTUS suggested during the primaries?
What has economic pressure on Cuba ever accomplished?
As long as the tour group we'll be forced to go with has it on their itinerary, you mean. Do we really need *more travel restrictions?
This big proclamation by #45 meant nothing. A big Nothing Burger. You couldnt back him before but now you are for absolutely nothing. SMH
This is incredible. Why would you do this? Oh yeah cause Obama did it. Your a petty man boy
@jenlhoie  now it's time for you to help our POTUS
He called you "little Marco" in front of the whole country and you still work with him. Sad.
It's ironic how people make Cuba to be a horrible place for its people, but agreed when US refugee laws for Cubans was repealed
I see your point, but it is a ridiculous one. No single private person owns a hotel or resort in Cuba to lodge foreign guests.
Just like you Donald,  Rubio reacts and makes policy based not on facts but political ax grinding. Two sad,  petty  men.
Repeal Obamacare do not replace it allow the free market system to repair itself
Well Marco, apparently not so easy to travel to Cuba now and spend US dollars there. Thanks for the sell out!
I was in Cuba 6 years ago. China and Brazil were pouring money into infrastructure, parks and hospitality. Russia will be there, if not now
@POTUS
Rubio is a turd
Jajaja ya estuvo que se lleve acabo, this should apply to everybody in the Cubans @marcorubio Q se aplique a todos incluye a los cubanos
You mean anywhere not competing with Trump hotels?
So sad that you support policies that have failed for 50+ years
So that means when Trump Inc opens up their Cuban golf courses, casinos and hotels they can rake in some extra dough? Hope you get a cut.
Individuals traveling? You know the tour companies are required to use gvmt hotels, guides, etc. We stay in Cuban homes
Really?
Talk to @fathomtravel 
You and @POTUS are hurting no one but the Cuban PPL
Too bad no Trump Hotel in Havana, would be different, no?
You got that right. This cynical deal btwn Little Marco (the sell-out) & potusIgnoramus is wrong-headed, stupid & backwards.
Another Republican throwing his integrity away. Vote them all out.

#BanRefuges #Libshits #DeportObama #CastroisaLibtard
Resign
It's no wonder how the Cuban exiles and neo-conservatives with flow of campaign funds to Trump hold US back from normalization of relations.
REMEMBER US TOO. VENEZUELAN PEOPLE NEED YOU HELP PLEASE DON'T ABANDONED US. S.O.S
Seems like the USA preaches human rights to other countries when there's some other issue they don't want the public to know about.
Stop the Russian bullshit shut it down demand Muller resign. You know Trump would have told on himself by now if he done any of that stuff.
But u have to be with a tour group, right?
Traitor!!!!
I see a bromance forming here...
You and Trump suck
Your point has been heard! Hi away now.
Trump did business in Cuba during the embargo.  You elitist righties make my ass tired! Cubans are NOT for this EO.
Does that work both ways? Foreigners coming to US can stay anywhere it doesn't financially benefit Trump?
Biggest hypocrites in the whole world. America does business with the worst of worst and put crazy laws and then blame the other guy. Loool.
I stayed where well pleased me
Old wounds carried forward by activist exiles who helped carry FL got nothing to do with American interests.
When are you going to back us up by backing @POTUS?
Hypocrite.
Can we just ship you and Trump to Russia?  That would be excellent for the USA!
Help Americans and provide a website with a list of approved locations. Don't make for unnecessary stressful situations for booked travelers
No way   Only rich white peoples should be able to benefit
Now start speaking up for our @POTUS @MarkoRubio2016 we now know you @GOP are in bed with @DNC
Do we have the same rules for China or Vietnam?

So you took a bribe. Now I have lost all respect for you too
So getting out from the Little Marco nickname was worth selling your soul for?
Castro is leaving office.
Does the same apply to Trump properties around the world?
Deny a free flow of cash to Cuba....the brother and the Commies die. Yet another Trump insight....Let's keep him.
Thought you were smart.
GOD BLESS THE CUBAN PEOPLE, Hope they'll be free soon!
Pls speak up and support Pres Trump Rosenstein & Mueller need to resign Witch hunt needs to b shut down Stop wasting tax payers $
