Under the Better Care Reconciliation Act, Medicaid spending would grow year after year, a $71 billion increase from 2017-2026
Explain how that benefits poor, less populated remote towns in places like south and west Texas?
How is our state going to manage the block grants if we can't even manage our own education system?!!
Only IF you can afford the premiums and deductibles!  Far too many won't.  They'll have no "prev. care" & end up "no pay" at hosp ER
The hospitals will suffer. Pvt hosp. will turn patients away or eventually close.  County hosp. will pass on the burden to local tax payers.
Like the pre-ACA disaster?
I am honestly curious if you actually believe the BS you put on your Twitter.
Thank you Senator Cornyn for your efforts
?
Agreeing with the 1st statement to provide alternate means other than Medicaid. Don't agree with increased Medicaid spending.
You are pushing this moderate Republican forward to becoming a Democrat.
You ignore the fact that low income families don't have the money to pay for private health insurance.
If you want free-market reform, you have to unwind employer based insurance. Let everybody buy their own. Too disruptive, politically risky
@MeetThePress @CNNSotu #senilecornyn #colludingcornyn must have forgot pre #ACA
Continuing your bold face lies. Also still want to see kids with cancer die and seniors with akzhiemers sleep on street. Not everyone rich
How about in Texas my health has degraded severally & I have no insurance with no Medicaid expansion & years of fighting disability
I'm now unable to walk, in a chair & can't do anything myself with my disabled mother taking care of me because I have no insurance in TX
I have almost no chance now with only county help. I need medical equipment, surgery, Dr appointments, disability but my case denied again
I didn't expect you would even notice this or reply. My situation is headed to an end and I'm trying hard to get through it.
Unaffordable, discriminatory, routinely fraudulent private health insurance is not a better alternative.
Seems ur spending a lot of time trying to defend this plan...
That's not saying much now is it?
Do you even remember when you sold out the American people?
And higher deductibles for those who can't afford them. Thanks a lot!
Medicaid is fine, move on...

And by critics, you mean everyone but 45 Republican senators.
Have you ever had to battle your insurance company over claims???  The whole model is to not pay.
Disingenuous argument.  Medicaid increases due to costs increase, but bill cuts Medicaid significantly resulting in coverage loss. #nomorebs
That Medicaid patients can't afford
Prove it
Did the Koch Brothers pay you to say that?
To those who can afford private health insurance...  Many cannot today, and many will not have any insurance if BCRA passes. FACT
And what happens to those that can not afford private #healthcare? Stop criticism of Ocare and make improvements to it. #Healthcare4All.
how can you honestly say that this is the best health care plan? It's beyond pathetic.
umm, more like u ignore all the feedback from medical field, AARP, and CBO. John-we will remember these tweets
Critics know that saying it is better care is a lie. It reduces care substantially, and kicks 22 million people off of their insurance.
https://darnaffordable.blogspot.com/2017/07/the-most-dangerous-philosophy-what.html …
How is it better if most low income families will not be able to afford it senator?
"better" but unaffordable
That's not true and you know it, Senator Cornyn.
Pot, Kettle Cornyn. You're one to lecture about ignoring-- when are you going to stop ignoring your constituents and meet with us? #VoteNO
Kettle Cornyn is stale!
God, you are so out of touch with your voters.
Why is it better? Facts, not blind free market worship, please.
"critics ignore that we provide a better alternative to this fully owned Corolla: a Ferrari with $2000 tires"
Wrong! Have you used private insurance? 1st find provider who accepts it. Have fun. 2nd get unexpected bills and rejected claims. Enjoy! 
Can't polish a turd
private health insurance has thus far given us nothing worth building on. Scrap it and go #MedicaidForAll!
This is completely ridiculous and inaccurate. Stop lying!
@BarackObama = #action #you #guys = #reaction
What good is health insurance that no one can afford?!?! Trumpcare is pure bullshit and YOU KNOW IT!!!
That only works for people who can afford to buy insurance. Many cant
LIAR the private sector will be so expensive no one will be able to afford it. Not to mention the preexisting conditions.  #DoYourJob
Except the millions of Americans whose jobs pay so little that private health insurance is way too expensive
How can the elderly and poor and sick kids pay for this?
Stop trying to ram this down our throats, the GOP promised #FullRepeal of Obamacare, get onboard or get out of the way. 
Yet so few could afford it. WE are better than this.
For rich white men like you
Passing this bill !!  Will elect you out of office

Providing it only for those with cash
Apparently no one else is as intelligent as you. Or maybe you are the one that is wrong.
How does that help a single mom making $15k/year who's trying to kick opioid habit? Out of touch much, John?
Not ignore. No matter your rhetorics, the maths was just terrible. 50M>>28M
Give America what it really wants: one payer coverage for everyone.
That no one can afford or access b/c of the cost of premiums, deductibles, and lifetime caps. It puts employer provided plans at risk too.
Critics are clear. You are not a good person.
You promised FULL REPEAL & have broken your promise. We'll remember & you'll be unemployed.
But is it affordable???
Wow....did it really never cross your mind those same people cannot AFFORD private insurance???
Medicaid is for people who can't afford coverage
You ignore Texans.  You ignore what we say.  You ignore the horrific statements by our President.
You're ignoring the fact that people are on Medicaid bc they can't afford private insurance. How are you so out of touch???
Again, you are completely lacking in integrity. May you reap what you sow.
If one can't afford the better care then one cannot use it.
The French, Fins, Brits, Germans and Canucks all enjoy single payer. Maybe time to quit sucking insurance cock cor PAC money
Why not a town hall in Houston to explain this to ignorant critics like me how cutting basic Medicaid to give tax cuts to rich will help?
Johnny you and your old GOP really smoke the best BS and believe in your crafted crap. I want SINGLE PAYER now and I am not on medicare.
well except for women, children, the aged, the disabled, the poor, and any other American Republican lawmakers do not like.
Higher premiums and deductibles for equivalent care and no restrictions on governors undercutting minimal coverage requirement. Try harder.
It's not better if you can't afford it. And if they can deny you coverage bc of pre-existing conditions or lifetime limits.
You must have short memory.  Healthcare before Obama was a disaster.
No it wasn't. You're simply repeating what the liberal media and the Obama administration has vomited for the past 8 years.
Obamacare has a BRAND new approval rating,higher then YOURS!mend don't end, it's doable,stop spinning your wheels and have a go at listening
But it will only cover a few, and not all who are currently covered.  So it's unworkable.  Try again.
It isn't a better alternative when it won't cover maternity. Or pre existing conditions. My health is not for sale, or for profit.
Unless you are poor or over 50.
secondly, we don't ignore that fact, we just have no faith that it will work
first off, why are you retweeting your last word game tweet with this one? Shouldn't it be it's own tweet?
You are a lying liar who lies.
Not for the average Americans. Maybe for wealthy people like u who can't understand the difficulties of the average people
I provide an even better alternative: don't get sick. Just a meaningful as your BS.

Another reason not to vote for you. #2020
how can a Christian support a bill that takes health care away from the port and the most vulnerable?
Keep trying.
Not all of us are policy illiterate. Your lies are offensive to educated people all over this country
I believe that contradicts the CBO report.  Evidence please.
More nonsense from Texas.
Except...you don't.
Lying isn't cute, John.
Source CBO
But if no one can afford that care, does it matter?
Healthcare styled after British NHS is better option.
Yes and I remember what it was like before the ACA when I couldn't get affordable insurance with a preexisting condition. Your plan is ugly
you cannot be trusted. you have been compromised.
Ur healthcare plan is such a pos that only 4 of the 13 who wrote it said they would vote for it
U r an awful person! Harming Medicaid harms millions & u r clearly aware of it.....& don't care!

You ignore the 22 million ppl who lose insurance! Hold a #TownHall and explain your stance. These tweets do not help anyone. #TownHallDodger
Koch Bros got you by the balls?
Bullshit Senator. #VoteOutTheIncumbent #Vote2020
Put our money where your mouth is... we all should have the same healthcare as you! 
And what is your position on the executive demanding that states turn over voter information? Sounds sketchy.
Not repeating your lies isn't the same as ignoring. Virtually every major medical institution says your plan is bad. #WorthlessSycophant
How does this argument justify increasing costs for retirees and removing benefits from disabled and low wage earners?
And why should we be held hostage by company insurance? This is an antiquated system. Insurance should be portable. #cowardCornyn
And who handles the money?
R Senators ignore the CBOs explicit statement that most of the 22M losing care cannot afford these "affordable" options. #Trumpcare tax cut!
Where can ur constituents see the tally on for/against your repeal bill? I'd like to see this info. 77494
You Congress members need to use the same healthcare you design for the people. You are know better than the people you represent!
Bottom line is you have not one care about the families you hurt and the deaths you will cause As long as the Koch brothers are happy
Anybody buying this garbage?
Provide the qualifier for better, based on what metric, deductible/out of pocket, Pharma coverage, procedure coverage?Stop just saying shit!
No one has ever rejoiced at the prospect of working with insurance companies...you continue to provide the wrong answers to this mess.
@POTUS has it right, repeal Obamacare first and come back with a plan. Then we'll get to what Americans want most, a fresh start!
Why not just have everyone use the Congressional health care plan?

Its good enough for you, it should be for us.
That's a blatant lie.
Critics know you had years to come up with a good plan. You ignored women and Dems in working on this. Millions lose out.
Where will you be celebrating 4th?
GOP wants healthcare for rich only
BCRA Still Hasn't Passed DespiteYour BestTwitterEfforts

REPEAL FIRST >> THEN REPLACE

@GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick @MacThornberry @SenTedCruz
He does not care about his reelection in 2020. He is already 65. He is only concerned about $. His legacy and history will tell the man.
Apparently, you don't pay any attention to the 10 Commandments:  Thou shall not lie.
That will be unaffordable. But you, Trump, and others making $$$ of investment income get great tax cuts and pocket a ton.
Now that is Fake News. 
Work with Dems to fix ACA.  Be a strong leader and propose a bipartisan solution.
U have no credibility.  U didn't even let other members of the GOP read the bill and failure to collaborate with Dems is repulsive.
Repeal and replace After ur VACATION!
liar.
If you think you can HIDE the money you're taking from the gov't with breaks for the rich and balancing it out by killing the poor w/o H/c 
Absolute lie. Not better care for women.
Don't you mean ACCESS to private insurance IF you can afford it?
And a cost that millions of Americans can't afford. It's about having #quality and being #affordable
And the only ones who win are the insurance companies, and of course you with all those lobby $$$
Catastrophic for small business owners with small profit margin while they grow.
doesn't help those that can not afford or do not have access to the market with an employer.  W/o req'd maternity care no good 4 women.
Just like critics ignore that an improved Affordable Care Act is better than an undermined ACA. Stop playing politics with our health care!
critics see through your lies- its  a transfer of wealth poor to rich bill , and a give to pharma and insurers.nothing more-nothing less 
how? I haven't found that info anywhere
Senator, you have hit on the exact issue.  Your critics ignore you and you ignore your critics.  That's exactly how DC works these days.
chips addressed uninsured kids and bridged gap between private ins and medicaid, i propose ahip "american health ins plan", chip for adults.
Horse shit. Access means nothing. Affordability is the problem - people don't CHOOSE to be on Medicaid. MAKE IT WORK FOR ALL!!
Convince the CBO that the number of uninsured Americans stays the same or goes down, and then I am happy to discuss those details.
Critics don't ignore that. Rather, the private system isn't available to those who can't afford it. MEDICAID/MEDICARE EXIST BECAUSE OF THIS.
***With premium support chained to CPI.
Who are these "critics" and "we" you speak of?  Provide specifics instead of re-tweets.  Have a town hall, than u can lie directly 2 my face

my daily plea for you to JUST. STOP. TALKING.
Your plan will kill people I've read it
@GOP @realDonaldTrump 
Critics can't ignore disturbing 45 tweets & allegations. GOP complicit. Impeach now - 45 unfit for office.
No YOU DO NOT!! STOP THE LIES @JohnCornyn
Better for who??!! You, your wealthy donors and insurance companies? 2020 cannot get here soon enough!
How! Will there be mandates for insurers, hospitals, providers? Please provide specifics.
ONLY IF YOU CAN AFFORD IT. THAT'S THE GAG.
Lol
Your lies are literally endangering people's lives. Stop it.
Senators ignore that it is morally repugnant to make health a privilege for those with money.
BullShit! Private health insurance WASTES >20% of all healthcare $s in overhead: dividends, bloated executive comp, and bribes to Senators.
Probably because it is fiction?
Better how? https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/2017/politics/obamacare-repeal-coverage-loss/?utm_term=.b7979eac5037#48 …
In Tx young  women are dying at a greater rate than 3rd world countries aftr giving birth. NO Meidcaid, NO PP, just "private ins"
Better for you, Big Phar n Insurance  Co not citizens. Keep at it.
The bigger issue is providers can't afford to take too many Medicaid patients because it pays less than the cost of a visit.
Always been an option. Lg % pop cant afford it, & certainly cant under ur new plan. Ins execs get millions in bonuses every year.
That the poor will be able to "afford." Out of touch. You don't realize some folks are counting quarters to buy food!
You are lying, otherwise GOP would have developed such a thing over last 7 1/2 years
Lol you are so out of touch from the majority of Americans, especially those living at or below the poverty line. You don't have a clue sir.
Cost ranges?
Private health insurance that costs more and covers less, Huge tax break for the wealthy,  credit for insurance exec pay #NoBCRA #nothanks
If that were the case we wouldn't have needed something like the ACA to curb the uninsured rate, again, I ask, please resign
Lies. By eliminating essential health benefits and allowing core age caps people will be oaying more for less care.
Disgusting lies from a disgusting liar
Credits tied to 58% actuarial value and possibility for lifetime caps on current EHBs. Stop deluding yourself John, it's embarrassing.
I'm sure coverage will be available, but we won't be able to afford it. All the money went in your pocket.
Lol, Idaho thinks you are lying, and knows your way is wrong. Idaho also thanks God for placing you in Texas. #JohnCornynLies
More expensive with less coverage than before.
What are you even saying? Haha. What? That's not a thing. What you are saying isn't a thing. #NOTNORMAL
