What will you do to address it besides blame the Obama admin???
Obama blew it then, the Republican Congress and WH are blowing it now. When will our election sovereignty be defended?
When you pick up arms
Freedom ain't cheap
That's a stupid statement ! He botched  nothing , he turned a blind eye cause he was arrogant like the rest & never thought trump would win!
Uh,... duh. Obama messed up on that one big time. But be thankful, John. His screw up allowed Trump to win & the @GOP have all 3 branches.
You should send him a 'Thank You' card.
Why didn't your Boss do something about it?
And GOP is continuing the botching
Love it. Article re "frustrated Dens" quotes Republican John McCain!

Seriously?  You think taking the #TrumpRussia tactic is the right path?
Christ then what should we call what you're doing? Spend next hearing talking about something other than Hillary before speaking
And you've done? And I'll bet Mueller doesn't botch it. Who'll you blame then?
And your point is what?
U KNOW if Obama would have done more early on, he would have been criticized for trying to help HRC win election.
America is saying Republicans ruined healthcare, or are about to run it for millions. Why not tweet about your accomplishments?
From a guy content to do absolutely nothing about it. You traitorous hypocrite.
You spend much of life blaming those you disagree with and trying to justify yourself instead of working together. Unwise way to spend life.
No they don't.
Frustrated Texans say they wish you would quit this childish finger-pointing and represent their interests.
Don't your arms get tired continually carrying all that water for the @GOP?
If Obama didn't do enough why are you not pushing Trump to do more? Repubs have the majority, get to work!
Republicans held him captive on this and you know it.
Lies again. Well, what the hell did I expect from you haters..
And you collaborated to bring America down
Obama would have been damned if he had, and now damned because he didn't. Republicans that support this BS r pathetic.
So what's Trump doing now?
So your job is to respond now. Sanction Russia and get to the bottom of this.
Based on Mitch McConnell threatening him. The GOP leadership also knew the problem and didn't tell anyone either.
When you point at someone else, three fingers point back at you.
For the love of all things holy, would you just STOP ALREADY? You're so pathetic!
The biggest problems are gerrymandering and voter suppression and you can do something about that.
And if he had done something Rs would be yelling "no fair".
False.
Past tense. And we think you and most of the @GOP are botching it now, present tense.
I would have liked to see stronger Dem response. Trump is urging House to soften sanctions. At least Dems punished Russia.
Wow John. The brass! You know you'd have been first in line criticizing him for using his position to unfairly influence election
Sooo they're unhappy with the follow-up lie?
This was intentional as every scripted  machiavellian move the Obama admin made. A strategy to bring down US sovereignty.
Frustrated TX Dems say Cornyn continues to botch Russia response
So now it's your responsibility to make sure hacking into our elections and classified information isn't given to the wrong people again.
During hearings about what the Russians did you only ask questions about Hillary.
Please tell us what you're doing about it now. We want our democracy and country back without Russia shaping policy.
You knew and did nothing. If American fails, it will not be because of men like Putin or even Trump. It will be because of men like you.
Remarkable that your response to WAPO article is to rub salt in US's wound & take ZERO responsibility on @GOP end. #WhatsWrongWithAmerica
So what exactly are you all doing about it now? Doesn't it smack of hypocrisy to criticize when FBI, NSA, CIA under Trump don't care either?
Obama worked secretly to stop Russia while not interfering with election. Q: Did you help POTUS? Y or N.
When is your town hall? You're so brave and such a man if the people! Love to hear your defense of all the shitty things you've done! Coward
Also I'm resorting to immature name calling because I respectfully called your office 3 times and was hung up on or transferred.
Please don't take away our health care.
Yup then you got in line to suck off a foreign country meddling with our sovereignty. Anyway, take any poor people's insurance away today?
Nah, most of us Dems are frustrated with you and the rest of the horrible GOP leaders
Mistake may have been taking issue to Congressional leadership - and trusting that your @GOP would put country over party. Stupid, right?
Hatred and division only plays into the agenda of the foreign power that meddled with our democracy. Choice is simple - America or Russia.
An attack on the DNC is an attack on America. Where is your patriotism? Where is your outrage that America was attacked?
The peaceful transition of Presidential power is one of our sacred processes that define our democracy. Obama protected that in his actions.
You're a traitor to the country, John. Just so you could hurt the poor and five the rich a tax break. Sad!
If he would have done anything you would have screamed he was meddling in the election. Stop your partisan politics John.
Why aren't both parties outraged by Russia meddling?! Stop pointing fingers & do something
ICYMI, Obama is not president anymore. Time to move forward. What is current administration doing to respond & how are you supporting it?
Obama admin did all of this AFTER Nov 2016 election once they knew Trump won. And NO ONE is questioning that? Really? Our Govt is CORRUPT
Hey there, @JohnCornyn. When can we get together for a town hall? 
Love, Texas.
Dems will certainly have to do a better job than Obama did at countering treasonous Republicans in bed with the Kremlin.
So we should too, is that what you're saying John?
You skip where he asked for bipartisan support to go public and the GOP wanted to keep it secret? Sounds like HE wasn't the problem.
Also frustrated that you, repub senate and Trump are continuing to botch it....
Because he did NOT want the fall out from despicable repubs if he affected election! U know this! Quit covering for trump/elected illegally!
So what are YOU doing about it now?
You knew what he knew and you wouldn't support his strategy for the benefit of your party and not Americans.
What are Republicans doing about it now? #TrumpRussia
Thank you for admitting that Russia interfered. What are you doing about it?
Frustrated Americans say trump and the GOP have done zero to address it post election. 5 months. You own this now @johncornyn
So you admit Russia was interfering?  Does that bother you?
What do you call someone who criticizes others for trying, but never tries themselves?
Senator, what are you doing to end Russian meddling?
I call them Republicans.
And there you sit, saying nothing, complicit in your lack of concern. It's hard to feel safe in this country w/leaders like you.
So Russia is supposedly fake news but you're criticizing Obama's response? You can't have it both ways, sir.
So you acknowledge Russia interfered in the election with the purpose of electing Trump. What are you doing about it?
....when is your town hall in Texas?
They / you need to read the WHOLE Washington Post article - Republican state and fed reps obstructed at every turn, not Obama
...had Pres Obama said something publicly you, GOP and your master--Trump would have yelled and whined claiming he was interfering. LIAR
Where was the "frustration" when he was screwing everything else up???
Does the Senate GOP members vote each day which one told the best damn LIE? You win today's BS GOP BEST LIE. @SenateGOP @SenateDems
At 50k feet;there's no diff between Obama's handling & yours John, it's inaction.  Get down lower though & it's clear U & @gop are complicit
John once Obama told the Senate and GOP did nothing, you all became complicit in the russian hacking and trump's win based on hacking
Imagine if this was your reaction in October 2016, it'd look like you were concerned about country instead of political party.
No. It was Senate GOP members who botched it. Stop lying John. Look your grandkids in the eye and explain why U did nothing about russia
Maybe so. But do you ever wonder why ISIS, Iran, and Putin all wanted Trump to be elected? 
My tip for the day: if ISIS wants you to do something, do the opposite.
and you are aligned with a corrupt government.
Who cares about Russia !!!!
That dog won't hunt. The only reason anyone is frutrated is your party's desire to turn our country into a communist dictatorship.
Only you keep saying it, plus our Pres.  Deflect deflect deflect
Conspiracy theorists had him cancelling the election already -- yeah it wld have gone well. But how can he botch a hoax / fake news anyway?
at least Obama does not cuddle and praise Putin all the time @MSNBC @DFWIndivisible @indtx36 @indivisibletxjc @indivisibleATX
See how they're capable of not being blind partisan clowns? Learn John.....
Frustrated Rups say Obama to blame for everything to deflect from the failures of miserable, mean, ignorant, lying manbaby they elected.

This constituent says he ran out of time. You have plenty but all you want to do is destroy and deconstruct
And if he had done something you would have tweeted to the moon how Obama was putting his thumb on the scale for HRC. Catch-22
What did YOU do? What did McConnell do?
You're ridiculous!! How much are you being paid by ?!? Resign now! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
Read more about botching the Russian response at http://cornynstakeout.com 
You better reign in trump. Just because Obama missed the mark, doesn't mean trump shouldn't do better.
What are you doing to prevent it from happening again? Oh wait I remember.. Your asking about Hillary. Way to botch Russia response sir. SAD
Get over your hard on for Obama. Look at the current president and his bucket full of lies and hypocrisy
Frustrated constituents say @JohnCornyn botched healthcare and stonewalling Russia-a-lago probe
he was in difficult position. What is Trump's current excuse? Yours?
Frustrated constituents say Cornyn puts party before people.
Right always pull the past to justify the present .
Maybe you should try criticizing YOUR leader when appropriate, eh John?
Oh, ok. Now, Obama should have done something? If he had done more, we wouldn't have the stooge in the WH. You sure you want to run w/this?
O botched a lot more than that. Look where he's put the party. He's fine but the party has hit an iceberg
"frustrated dems" and johnny the troll.
but to give this claim credibility, if that's the case it sorely needs to be dealt with.
@realDonaldTrump collusion would explain the exit polls.
Not this Dem.  I completely understand Obama's predicament. Trump has known since January and wants to lessen sanctions. Give me a break!
Glad to see a political party admit when their leader makes a mistake. Just to be clear, do you believe Russia interfered in our election?
No its you and McConnell who refused any bipartisan letter.Who refused to believe Clapper You will go down in history as the traitor
Why are you still talking about Obama? Get to work and do something right for America for a change!
Why shud've Obama done anything about a "hoax"?
Frustrated "Americans" wonder what current president is doing trying to water down Russia sanctions bill. Also why all the russia meetings?
8 yrs O blamed every1 but himself 4 his admins bottomless well of ineptitude - goes around comes around. Dems r the party of hate & blame
Other than pass the conceptually flawed & failing Obamacare w/o a single Republican vote b/c had 60 seat majority, what did he accomplish?
@chrislhayes wants them to watch his show...presumably he's come up with a bogus explanation he is presenting as profound & subtle
Damned if he did damned if he didn't
Your boy Donny has done zero re Russian interference. Ask Sean Spicer.
Delusional Cons say it never happened.

I'm Ziptie Mitch. I chose party over America.
I love the Russians and I hate protest.
