Obamacare's skyrocketing premiums and deductibles, with few if any insurers willing to sell policies, are hurting millions of Americans
What's the price for your "loyalty" to Trump to pass healthcare for harm in lieu of good?
GOP has done nothing but fight & sabotage our health care system. Any business would look America's people as it's greatest resource.
They have not been invited to the table - quit lying!
We are paying attention @johncornyn.  Yr representation that D's won't lift a finger is BS. D's are waiting to work together to improve ACA.
this is a lie. Sen Heitkamp offered to work w/you but you will not cross the aisle. what is wrong w/you?
Really? They've been saying they're ready for a while now... #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
If @SenateGOP abandons this ideological commitment to undermining our health care system, Democrats are ready & willing to work with you. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
And I’ll keep urging my colleagues to do what I’ve said we should be doing all along—working together on real solutions in a bipartisan way.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
I’m ready to work with Republicans to lower costs and make healthcare work better, but that’s not what this bill does. My full statement: 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
The American people don't want repeal & replace. They want us to work together to improve the ACA. https://www.axios.com/public-wants-republicans-to-work-with-democrats-on-health-care-2457433357.html … 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Public hearings, expert testimony, and bipartisanship should not be a backup plan. https://twitter.com/kasie/status/883019911039262721 …
https://twitter.com/brianschatz/status/887067578480422914 … #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Maybe we could work together? https://twitter.com/sahilkapur/status/887033066446782464 …
Tired of all that wining you guys are doing yet? I'm not. #lapdog
oh surely you jest.  If by lift a finger, you mean BEND OVER, then yes, I agree----  #Stupidshitgopsays #Obamacare #AHCA
You must hate humans
It's hard to help when the GOP writes a health bill in secret. Why don't you follow a regular procedure: discuss, debate, hold hearings?
7 years to get a plan together. #HealthcareBill
Ain't it hell to be in charge, Johnny? Whatcha gonna do? Besides kill people with your plan, that is. #TrumpcareSucks
I DON'T BELIEVE YOU.
I think this is my favorite response, haha.
You mean like the Senators who get to keep it? Like John McCain?
Repubs control WH, House and Senate, and yet it's the Dems fault when they fail. That excuse is getting old. The ACA is not that bad. Fix it
Unfortunately they weren't part of the process to draft a solution. Can't even get GOP on board. Sad!
WHAT a liar, how can you LIVE with yourself?? U and @SenateDems can stop bleeding, do it!!!!! People will suffer and die if you dont!! 
Daily reminder: I hate you.
Wait 13 Senators got in a room, didn't tell the rest of their party members what would be in the bill, you got blow back.  Democrats, what??
U & the rest of Repub party sabatoged the ACA that's the only reason it's failing, nothing good coming to your sorry party
That has got to be one of the biggest lies I have ever heard a politician tell. I'm 55 years old, so I lived through Watergate. You're evil.
Are you trying to win an award for the most disingenuous Senator? Good God.
Please don't act like you care about bipartisanship. We know you don't. Just own it.
Not just Dems. Many Republicans are showing that they too have morals and a backbone

Why do repubs insist on making ACA look like it's failing. Stop calling it Obamacare if it bothers u. Repair the ACA & say it was your idea.
You lie! Dems will help fix the ACA, not repeal it.
Is this disingenuous tweet really the way you want to represent your state? Texans are outraged w the lies u tell & games u play. #Ethics
D's would work in a bipart effort to improve & repair the ACA.  It's the R's that are focused on Medicaid cuts for poor & Tax Cuts for rich.
It's easy to see that repeal is not a reasonable action. They are more than ready to discuss improvements to the ACA
The irony is thick
What do you offer that's worth their vote? Where's the negotiating? Where's the compromise?
Repubs have had 7+ years 2 come up with solution, & yet nothing. So blame it on the Dems instead. Fix the ACA & get over it's not that bad.
another way I know this is a lie is by counting the number of Dems on the committee that wrote the bill. ZERO.
Huh... Weird... You gut ACA to hand wealthy a giant tax cut, and Dem's are uninterested in participating... Strange.
another way I know this is a lie is by asking WHY ACA is struggling & learning GOP actions are killing it Could Dems stop you No-GOP has #'s
You and McC went behind locked doors and wouldn't let anyone help. Now you want to say Dems unwilling to help. Healthcare for ALL, equally.
Why should they they've had no input? Invite them to the table work together and get a plan that is good for the country.
Kind of like you the last 8
If the GOP WAS COMPETENT, they wouldn't need the dems. I am finished begging u to do your job
Why are you surprised at that? Don't Republicans know how to govern? Try doing something and don't say, "It's their fault." A cop-out.
How can Dems help when they are shut out The plan U propose has an 80% unpopularity rating U don't represent tea party you represent Texans
Let Obamacare  implode.  I'm so tired of Liberal games.
This is disingenuous as hell. You can't be obstructionist to the ACA, undermine it, then pin it on the Ds.
It's also telling that after opposing it for nearly 8 yrs you've got jack shit for a plan to replace it.
Why don't you try governing instead of blinding opposing the policies of a black man?
Huh?
Playing the blame game just like the Prez. U have a full house but u've wiffed on a better plan. none want urs. It's cruel. CBO score any1?
You had 8 YEARS 2 develop a decent bill. What a colossal waste of time. This debacle is on Reps, not Dems. Stop the whiny finger pointing.
Lie
Sounds exactly like what Republicans did to Dems. Don't stand so high and mighty because you will be knocked down.
It's funny how you refuse to work with Ds, refuse to hear your D constituents and then claim something like this. Funny in a horrifying way.
When you meet behind closed doors and don't invite any democrats don't accuse them of not helping.
Stop sabotaging Obamacare, you dolt!  And get a heart.
Why does Senator Cornyn believe Americans don't want The Wall?
Please quit spitting out lies. The Rs have been unwilling to fix Ocare. All Rs have been doing for last 7 years is obstruct obstruct. Fix it
Why should they help you gut Medicaid & take healthcare away from millions? If u can't pass it w the majority it's bc the bill is terrible.
I have seen lots of public offers to help but 0 offers to reach across aisle to include. You need to provide proof or its just more lies.
Yeah, helping you take healthcare from millions isn't something Democrats are willing to do. Shocking!
When did you Ask?  Seems to me the TGOP leadership has said they do not want bipartisan help on Healthcare.

That is a lie of course only places where Obamacare in trouble is in red states 30 million more have health insurance just stop the lying
It's a widely accepted fact that Obama care is imploding, and both sides admit it
So their desperate attempts to find the room where you hid the drafts didn't count? Nor their constant pleas to be included in the process?
How can you say this with a straight face, when EVERYTHING has been done by Rep Senators behind closed doors?
If I recall for the last 8 years you all were completely unwilling to help in the process of constructing the law so shut up
You're full of crap. Dems r wanting 2 work with u as soon as u take out provisions 2 kill Medicaid. Beginning 2 lie like Trump now?
The diversion to blame D for every failure has begun. Heck even @realDonaldTrump is blaming dems for FREDO this morning.
Maybe you work with Ds like you have townhalls and work with constituents?  Work with=more than just agree and vote for.
you've had 7 yrs to improve ACA. Now you don't have Plan, refuse to show bill, don't want help. Except for the votes, that is.
So far you have kept dems from participating until you want their vote.  You were elected to represent Texans not just GOP TX.
you have not asked for D's help you are trying to get it past by Reps vote only. Dems want to work to fix Obamacare
GOP & trump sabotage causing much of this! Rest is fixable if GOP wanted to fix it, but they only want tax cuts for rich donors!
Dicks never help
Liar. Your group of 13 men wrote it in secret w/no Dems, no hearings, no experts...
You are spilling fake new, sir!
Kind of reminds me of when the Rs didn't lift a finger to help for, oh let's say, 8 years.
Don't ya'll control the congress? If ya'll could put together a decent healthcare program it would probably pass wi/ flying colors.
Mendacity
Are you incapable of telling the truth?
Did you invite them to help when you wrote the plan in secret? NO
Quit.  Sabotaging.  The.  ACA.  NOW!  #CanCornyn2020
Did they tell you that at the hearing you held for your bill?
More Rs false claims. You're just liars all.
Hard when to help when you are locked behind closed doors and won't hold hearings. Liars and cowards. We are in some sad times.
When did you & yr health care cabal there ask them? I must have missed that. #2020iscoming
Introduce a bill that requires all parties to cooperate for the greater good of our country or be forcefully removed and replaced MAGA
John's ego has grown past his capabilities. Whether he runs or not depends on where the most $ is. He could be indicted and jail Trumpgate.
#help #what
What have YOU done beside show votes that you knew wouldn't go anywhere with prev admin. Where is the repeal bill for @POTUS to sign????
But it seems the Repubs can't get their act together either! Let's repeal Ocare now! Surely all the conservatives will get on board???
Dems helped get Patient Protection & Affordable Care Act made into Law, which YOU and McConnell are trying to dismantle along with Medicaid.
Don't pay attn to the hateful liberal trashing here.  I know that you are working hard for the American people.  Keep up the good work
You
Doubling down on your own bullshit via retweet of yourself? Good god.
What are R's doing besides complaining?   Be proactive and suggest alternative
That's a blatant lie. You have another tweet complaining about cost of Sanders' proposal! You cut the Dems out, so they are working alone.
Oh, and Merrick Garland, you two-faced Russian sympathizer.
Seriously, quit lying to constituents...you haven't tried to get ideas from Dems! You just want a win #CountryOverParty
How do you live with yourself deceiving the public about Obamacare and the horrendous bill you favor that will cause untold suffering, death
What goes around...
You and the rest of the GOP have made sure that insurers leave Obama care. It's all money in your pocket, crook - paid to u by ins companies
do you blame them John? perhaps you may fool your followers that don't keep up with the news as much, but I do find this tweet offensive.
Maybe you should take advantage of your ACA- insurance coverage and get a medical opinion and treatment for your delusions.
You are a liar. #saveTheACA
Your party is deliberately sabotaging it.
You are such a liar! You haven't even brought them to the table. You can't sell #deathcare so let's blame someone else. Pitiful!
Your days in office are numbered sir.
Seriously, stop whining. You have a majority, and you still can't get anything done! Maybe if you weren't constantly blaming them!
And how would you like them to help? Just vote for the bill land let their constituents die?
We remember the rotten meeting in 2008 where Rs' put party over country STILL ARE!  Traitors to democracy. Remember  M. Garland?
Hypocrites
R u for real. R's racist, nasty, refusal to do ANYTHING w/dems/ Obama, still fresh in my mind. ACA has saved lives Rs want to hurt the sick
hahahahaha!!!!!HYPOCRITE!
Small mind! Like gop did with ACA! #disgrace #FAKECONGRESS #fakesenator #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP
No. That accusation belongs to Republicans, who refused to help fix ACA.  Dems won't help u destroy it w your death care plan.
Come on, Sen. GOP has shown no interest in bipartisanship. BRCA is too radical to even win over moderate Rs. GOP = destroyed next year.
Have you personally reached out to any Democrat with a genuine interest in working with them?  #Doyourjob
Dems won't repeal Obamacare but will work with you to improve
Can I asked what have you done to work with democrats?    I know very little because you love Parisian politics
Imagine if the effort you put into crafting these disingenuous and dangerous tweets was put towards creating life-saving laws instead.
Please rethink your campaign of smarmy, hyper-partisan attacks and deliberate disinformation and put the families under your watch first.
Really?  You think people are going to believe that?  What can they do about it anyway??  Your replacement isn't bringing premiums down.


You're an outrageous liar! Rs obstructed and refused to help for 7 years, now Rs won't include ads! This is on you!
in case you missed this....
Right. We don't want to help take away health care from 22,000,000 people.
I'm certain they are looking for a way to hang their disaster on the Dems.  Stay far far away from this mess.
Are you tweeting to yourself in a mirror?
LIAR! Tell Ds your ready to fix Obamacare and they'll come!
Having closed door meetings will generally have that effect.
Kept out is different than unwilling.
Whoa. Whoa. Whoa. Hold up. I seem to recall CLOSED DOOR bill writing that didn't include DEMS or WOMEN or PEOPLE of COLOR. Whatch yourself
its because they want SINGLE PAYER and the liberal sheep have NEVER TAKEN IT UPON themselves TO EDUCATE THEMSELVES HENCE SHEEP
Bullshit!  Hillary offered to give you her whole plan.
Our President is a Russian agent
YOURE NOT TRUMP JOHN. YOUR BAD TWEETS DONT GET TRACTION. JOHN LOOK AT YOUR RATIOS. DO A TOWN HALL/TWITTER INTERVENTION NOW.
Why don't you get off Twitter & reach across the aisle? Dems have said they know the ACA needs to b fixed.  So work w them & freakin fix it!
Believe it or not healthcare worked just fine without Socialism BEFORE Obama! REPEAL & DO NOT replace & let Capitalism fix this.
Garland.
I'll meet you at the kickapoo lucky eagle casino to talk about it.
The irony!
God, you're the fucking worst
How many fingers did R's raise during the creation of the ACA John, answer honestly.  We get what we give John, try being bipartisan.
It's a shame the republicans sabotaged the markets, so of course the insurance companies are leaving. #DoYourJob #doyourjob "senator"
You seem to forget that R's have the majority & said you didn't want D's help.  Stop being such a partisan hack.
I think it's because they can't bare the fact of loosing the name.
I see your tweets haven't gotten any more honest or tasteful or based in reality over time. Sad! Disappointing! Rude!
How can they help if there are no meetings or hearings nor a chance to submit amendments? @JohnCornyn
You had seven years to figure out a better alternative to the ACA, but all you do is blame the democrats and protect the Russians.
My god, you have to be the most dishonest politician in the bunch. Democrats were totally shut out of the crafting of your BCRA.
God how do you sleep at night....a$$&&hole
you did nothing but sabotage ACA since its inception so perhaps you need to finally stop whining
The instability of the Healthcare Market is being undermined by the congress not being able to act.
Seriously, stop saying that. We ALL speak, write, call, fax, march, act, and lift middle fingers against your attempts to destroy America
They might have a suggestion at the next (first) public hearing ya'll hold
So far the Republicans think that they know it all" so instead of repealing - it fix it.  Texas has rural areas who will lose health care.
It appears that every suggestion from the Democrats to assist the Republicans has been denied or rebuffed.
Help you uninsure 20+ million? Why would any decent person help with greedy deception?
Also, why would they help you? You're a traitorous bunch the likes of which forefathers sadly did not anticipate.
The Constitution anticipates a President like this. It does not anticipate a Congress so indifferent to a President like this.
#StraightRepeal
Because of the GOP sabotaging it. Funny how the insurance comps are still raking in mega bucks, as are their crook executives who bought u.
You are the worst! Dems want to be involved by have been locked out. Why do you not know this @JohnCornyn?
So you're suggesting a bipartisan committee to work on it? Looking forward to that announcement.
Senator this tweet makes you sound like a whiner.
, not true.
I bet they'd be willing to help you schedule some hearings, John.
I know this is a crazy idea but if you asked them to help & meant it, they would? #FakeSenator
SO #repealobamacare !!!!
To HELP???

To help take away Healthcare from 22 million people?

You're a dick Cornyn.
Why would dems want to help dismantle healthcare to reduce coverage for millions?  Everyone hates this bill.  Except rich or gullible peeps.
Oh John, temper tantrums are it a good look on you. Especially given the root of the whole problem is the Republican Party. What a joke.
* That should say not a good look on you, but whatever, you catch my drift.

Shut up John. They offered to help draft a plan. You shut them out and locked the door. You're a liar and a traitor #TrumpRussia
Ds won't help you take away coverage from over 20 million people. Be willing to actually try and help people and they'll participate

No public hearings.
No debate. 
No bipartisanship.…
I'm sorry...what??? #LyingLiar
You wanted the ACA to fail and did what u could to destabilize it. Now that you succeeded, you want to blame the dems? Way to deflect, john!
Why would they? ACA went further than any law to stabilize health care industry & make it fair 4 all. Yall did nothing but destabilize It!
Wow.... you know you're not going to be reelected so you're just be as big of a lying jerk as possible. Sad!
Lies. GOP omitted everyone but 14 white R men from the process.
Help with killing Americans? Hope not. I sent you a letter re: healthcare and yr response showed u didn't read it. #repealandreplaceGOP2018
Help you throw millions off healthcare to pay for giant tax cut for rich?  You're damn right they are not interested in helping
Just like y'all over the past 7 years.  Y'all bitch but don't do a think.  John you're all hat...you know the rest.
This is a COMPLETE LIE!
You have got to be kidding me.  Like the Republicans "helped" President Obama??  C'mon! @JohnCornyn
They might if you agreed with the fundamental premise that healthcare is a human right.
After McConnell said he didn't want to hear from them. Period. Partisanship.
