@JohnCornyn take a stand against Gorsuch he is pro corporation & anti worker anti women & against the disabled. His decisions don't hold up.
While you are at it perhaps you can call POTUS & explain nepotism and conflict of interest since you are interested in our founders intent.
Why did the importance of the text and understanding of the Constitution not apply to Merrick Garland? #partisan
Mind reading people from 250+ years ago is a strange way to run a modern democracy. Judges exist to interpret. That enables flexible govt.
We can call it legal skynet.
why didn't you worry about the Constitution last year when you refused to even hold hearings on Judge Garland?
.@JohnCornyn It would have been great if you and fellow Republicans had held to that text in the case of Merrick Garland's nomination, then!
.@JohnCornyn And get this straight: when we get done unseating @tedcruz as a Senator for Texas, we're coming after you, too!
No nominee while admin is under FBI investigation!
The constitution was written to protect property holders. Its evolution is necessary for quality of life for ALL Americans.
Scalia claimed to be an originalist who abhorred extraneous docs, except the ones he approved of, re: Federalist Papers.
#ImpeachTrump now #Trumprussia #ExxonKnew #ExxonRussia
Garland remember that name. No president under FBI investigation should be able to appoint anyone to anything.
Gorsuch should not be on the S.C. and you know it.
Shouldve followed the constitution last year & confirmed Garland.
are you willing to appoint this nominee while Trump is the subject of an FBI investigation?
Actually if your were following the procedures laid down by our founding fathers, Merritt Garland would be the nominee.
.@JohnCornyn Be sure to mention why you have not publicly expressed outrage over @POTUS, Nunes, or loss of liberty from Leg you endorsed.
yep. Which is honor our privacy. Stay out of our vaginas. Protect our civil rights. Respect separation of church & state.
What does The Constitution say about a President filling a vacant SCOTUS seat? #MerrickGarland
You gonna hold a seance with the dead founders? That's the only way you're gonna know original intent for certain.
have you released yet that your constituents do not care what words come out of your mouth yet? 45 bought your soul.
If you really believed, that Merrick Garland would have had a hearing. This seat was stolen.
Too bad you didn’t have such reverence for the constitution under the previous President.
Funny you couldn't even give the previous nominee the opportunity to be considered. Bipartisan and pious - great combination.
vote no
give it up.  He's an President under FBI investigation.  Not scotus pick for him.
Like what?  Making sure slaves get returned to their "owners?"
how bout speaking with Texans in Texas
where was this speech for Merrick?
Not right before the election! Come on now!
and will you speak about selling out our internet privacy too ? @TXlege and you too Comrade @tedcruz  we'll see yours first !
There’s a special hell waiting for people like you who trot out the flag and the constitution only when it suits you. Shame.
I'm your constituent and I do NOT want Gorsuch on the supreme court. It's time you start caring about what's best for America.
77511 here. Approve nothing of trump's until all investigations clear him. Investigations can't be thorough without his taxes
by original u mean wat u want it to say. Release trumps taxes to an independent investigation of Russia's influence on trump
No to Gorsuch
And what did the Constitution origional say about blacks and women?
please stop acting nice the Dems are acting out just like the protesters they hire to attend republican town meetings get it
Republicans have all 3 branches of gov. The people gave u everything yet u do nothing. When will u have confidence to lead?
Be sure to include that a nominee should be given a hearing.  Merrick Garland
"Originalism" = Bunch of today's white men try to impose their rule by exploiting alleged notions of dead white men who did it.
You stole the seat !!!
Oh, goody, more sucking up to your orange overlord. People, not party, first. Merrick Garland hearing stolen by Rep obstruction.
Be sure to cover the part where Senate can ignore its duty when the opposite party nominates the Justice.
since when are you concerned about the constitution. You weren't three months ago
Get Gorsuch on the SCOTUS! Be bold! Enough nonsense! @SenateGOP
it's offensively apparent that congressional Repubs will let the 'house burn' so long as they get deregulation and SCOTUS seat
also important to know whether or not the sitting POTUS colluded with the RUS bringing into question all appointees
"...but for the presupposition of our constitutional structure which it confirms.” 7/
“we've understood the 11th Amendment to stand not so much for what it says, 6/
And in those rare cases where the constitutional text clearly forecloses your desired outcome, you can just assert that 5/
I must have missed it. Did you mention the unprecedented actions of R's holding the seat open for a year?
..in politically salient cases, it's not mentioning legislative history in reaching the result you'd have reached either way 4/
..in roughly 99% of cases the constitutional text is of no value in deciding a concrete case of any interest 3/
..and if there’s no possible historical case to be made for your political preference you can and will just ignore it. 2/
Your phony "originalism" just means you manipulate the levels of abstraction to reach almost any result you desire, 1/
great senator! Then please get with senator cruz and get back to work on repealing obamcare. Return healthcare to free market!!
Hey John! seen latest numbers? - GOP strategy & not listening to constituency driving Dem campaign donations through the roof!
Right, we should never change a single thing in the constitution, the founders couldn't be wrong! (cough *slavery* cough).
will you apologize for the shameful obstruction of Merrick Garland first? If not, you have zero credibility on this topic.
you need to reread that Constitution #TrumpRussia
Did you not think that the Constitution was a priority for Merrick Garland? Double standard for GOP. Obama had mandate, Trump no
Please address the failure of the U.S. Senate to vote on the valid Supreme Court nomination of Merrick Garland.
I hope this means you recognize importance of 60-vote standard. If you're going to read the constitution, you better respect it.
Damn straight& don't take the wiener way out by invoking Nuclear Rule.  Vote the Vote Let chips fall as they may
 ALL jurists should be constitutionalist, non political
I believe the seat was Obama's to fill per the Constitution. Merrick Garland should be the one.
Is it because in the original constitution only white male  land owners were citizens and Slavery was OK?
You to pontificate to us, your constituents, yet you never listen. Per our forefathers, you do not represent us as you should.
doesn't matter, you suck
I urge you not to vote for Gorsuch ! Another bad choice 2 b made by y'all !
IF Republicans understood the Constitution, or cared, they wouldn't have obstructed Garland . So #gorsuch can get bent
uh u think sessions is a man of integrity. You are a horrible judge of character.
Coward.
Please explain how Article 2 has a time stamp. You have betrayed Constitution. Pains me to have you talk about it, Oath Breaker!
Confirm him now!
Independent investigation into Russian ties b4 any confirmation.   Start your constitution lessons with the #toddler-in-chief
we will not support a nominee from a illegitimate president, you are unAmerican for supporting the nomination
Can you pursue that Constitution for what we should do when GOP stands idly by while our POTUS shows to be committing treason?
Justice Garner could help you out on that
Yes, it's THAT simple. They didn't make it ambiguous for any specific reason. No real reason for law school.
.@JohnCornyn Was Dred Scott decided correctly, Senator? How does that square with originalism?
Those interested are watching  CSpan, no need to self promote.
I assume your entire speech was about how shitty Dems are. Thanks for representing.
Thats like me discussing heart surgery after staying @HolidayInn Express
we heard that speech during Garland's nomination... oh wait, no we didn't! #garland
No hearing, much less a vote on Garland; you are a complete hypocrite.
going back in time 220 some odd years will help us move forward how?
Thanks for the warning.........
Lovely.  Now what about your treatment of Merrick Garland?  Was that constitutionally mandated in your mind (or anyone's)?
the constitution is a living document that changes as our country grows. Gorsuch will only stunt our growth. Vote No.
Corn Dog why do you hate the citizens of the U.S. so much? Filibuster away Dems! Illegitimate nominee by a mobster president.
Where was your understanding for Merrick Garland?
Stop colluding with the Soviet rats
let's get this done.
Also, don't blather about the Constitution while you support a President who is sold out to a hostile foreign power. We see you.
In regards to the Constitution, you should be speaking about confirming Merrick Garland.
You don't get to blather about your deep and abiding love of our Constitution after you pissed on it over Merrick Garland.
It's clear you don't listen to your constituents nor plan to in the near future. We need to VOTE YOU OUT when the time comes!
Will you be speaking on the section in the constitution on advise and consent?  Something the GOP failed to do w/Pres Obama.
Would founding fathers have supported holding a seat open 4 over a year 4 rank partisanship? Where is that in the constitution?
Garland should have a hearing today. You purposely obstructed this country's tradition and respect for SCOTUS appts. SAD!
can't wait until your term is up
As society grows and evolves, why wouldn't the law of the land?  Slavery, women's right to vote come to mind.
Texas wants Gorsuch
Don't speak for Texas until you know all of Texas.
you voted to sell our info to ISPs. What do you know about the Constitution?
Talk on Lincoln's view of preserving Union compared to present view of dividing & highlighting differences rather than uniting.
U need 2 start putting country over party. @POTUS could use some 1 reciting the Constitution. Not sure he knows what's n there.
And yesterday, you flat out sold out your constituents.  #VoteHimOut
.@JohnCornyn #ContextMatters - juvenile to take the position that all 21st-century issues were handled by an 18th-century document.
Question is will Republicans break the rules to change the rules following the Harry Reid precedent, may not have to.
Mea maxima culpa is a good way to start a speech coming from architect of obstructionism.
Does the constitution say that Senate should not even meet with SCOTUS nominee during Pres last year?
Your good talk could cover role of diplomacy (think treay w/GB 2 end Revolution) & allies in promoting trade & intercourse.
Emoulements should be in your talk along with high crimes & misdemeanors, and role of Senate in each w/regard to 45 and crew.
be sure to wear period clothes & smell like a barnyard - no need to adapt & adjust to modern inconveniences like deodorant.
Should you promote nuclear option, please stop now. Resign; else promote country over party, and debate & compromise over blocks
#MerrickGarland he would have done more for BOTH parties, but you and the others refused. @SenateMajLdr wait for  #Trumprussia
Don't forget to mention that Gorsuch is the candidate clearly preferred by Vladimir Putin.
@GOP @JoeNBC   And speak and speak and speak and speak, yet say very little worth  noting.  My sympathies to senate colleagues!
Will speech address obstructionism?  I can't find that in Constitution or Federalist Papers.
What was the "original intent" about when a clump of cells becomes a legal person?
You are incorrect sir. It's NOT partisan, it's about a sitting president & team under investigation. @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff
no nominee appointed by a president under federal investigation should be acceptable to either party! @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff
If you really care about the well being of this country, you'll move on to less permanent issues. @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff
that seat has been empty for a while now and no disaster has happened as a result. Why the haste? @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff
There is no logical reason to proceed with the nomination other than to further the investigation. @SenSchumer @RepAdamSchiff
That individual rights are subordinate to corporate rights because money talks?
As one of your constituents...I urge you NOT to vote for Gorsuch.  Where did the $10 mil come from?  Vote NO
We can't hang on the original words of the constitution. It's 200+ years old and times have changed.
Does that mean you're going to stick to the original law and not adopt the nuclear method if you're filibustered? 
Very smart Quiddity!
What "original" intent applies to pollution of air, water, food across state lines? To nuclear weapons and cyber security?
Democratic citizens said we do not want Gorsuch, and the Democratic Senators are carrying out the wishes of their constituents.
"Listening to constituents" is an alien concept to Cornyn
Sadly I think that's a true statement for many of the dinosaurs in the Senate.
Did the framers intend that money be deemed to be speech? Does the 1st Amendment guarantee freedom FROM corporate religion?
you talk a lot but rarely say anything of importance.
oh goody! You just love to hear yourself talk! I'll take a pass!
Well OK, the text is important. What did the framers intend on the subject of corporations having religious beliefs?
Put Americans before party.
@CamilleGtine  we know this but dems wont listen
Maybe listen to your "customers"  We want our stolen seat back!
Like that bit about militias in 2A?
why do you refuse to listen to your constituents. Merrick Garland should be the nominee.
I've asked Cornyn to call me over a dozen times...He is a COWARD
Originalism. You know, because slaves are worth 3/5 of a person and only white males have citizenship rights.
The "text and original understanding" suggests that citizens are stupid, women have no rights, and POC are subhuman.
If that's what you believe, then argue originalism. I'd prefer you get with the times though. Elite men from 230 years ago--
--could never have conceived of our modern world, and trying to refer back to them will lock us out of the future.
While we're at it, I'd like to remind you that Gorsuch was nominated by a man who's admin is under investigation for collusion--
--with a hostile foreign power, and that this seat belongs to Merrick Garland until the Senate holds hearings and votes on him.
Article 8, Sec. 1 makes the *General Welfare* a top priority of the Federal Government. Funny y'all ignore that part.
.@JohnCornyn No vote on a nominee by a potentially illegitimate president for a stolen seat! #MerrickGarland #SCOTUSnominee #gorsuch
. No on Gorsuch
My original understanding is that slaves were allowed. Worse the South used them in census count. #Historyrepeats
unless you're going to tell us you're a "no" vote and want #MerrickGarland, then everything you say is BS.
Blah blah blah 
.@JohnCornyn Sure because the country hasn't changed AT ALL since 1789. Garland--not Gorsuch--should be getting a hearing. #Feckless #Resist
how about that 3/5 part and the bit where only white landowning men got to vote?
#originalism
I'm so glad my grandkids won't be able to adapt old rules for their times either!
Will you be speaking of how you violated that constitution in regards to Merrick Garland?
