My husband just had an MRI that cost $4000 with insurance. He asked what it would have been without & was told $880. Explain
1/2 Same reason a $600 sonogram is $80 w/out insurance.
Ins. co. doesn't reimburse $4K.
Reimburse @ contract $$ w/health service/provider.
Yes but we have to pay what insurance doesn't pay which is more than if we didn't have insurance.
No, you don't.
Provider cannot make you pay the difference. 
You only have to pay your co-pay for the visit plus any deductible requirement.
We should have just said we didn't have insurance.
I personally did that a few years ago when I had 2 MRIs, a CT and sonogram done in one week.
They let me make payments w/ a down payment.
I've always had great coverage until the last few years. The deductions I said are per person Sorry if I miss lead you.
Healthcare and insurance coverage are not synonyms. If only people stopped conflating the two!! That's how we got Obamacare in 1st place!
Biggest lie that @JohnCornyn told this week about his monstrous health care bill: 

"I can't imagine a more transparent and open process."
...Until Texas waivers them out of coverage.
Are you selectively informative? Block grants to a state that refused to expand Medicaid and kick children off insurance is hardly assuring
John, that is a lie! The bill does not EXPAND cvg-It REDUCES cvg! R u really putting this comment out there expecting people to believe it?
Not good for Texas. Stop putting party over state/country.
You support death to senior citizen and children with brain cancer. Also say insurance should not pay for childbirth. Pathetic
How dare you claim to be prolife when you know this bill will kill people. #youarealiar #shameonyou
Why did the link you posted yesterday saty that Medicaid would be gradually reduced over time?
And raises my rates. Not happy
Hey there Senator.  The tweet was deleted.  Whats up with that?
Clean REPEAL!
You,  sir, are a liar.   Not a good one,  but a liar.   What do you tell your Heavenly Father  about your problem with lying?
#FakeRepeal is political suicide for #GOP.
 
House & Senate #RinoCare bills suck for the people, but also for GOP.
 
Why is #GOP so stupid?
Your statement is a sad joke, but we're not laughing.
What about healthcare premiums and hc tax deductions for adults 50 +? How will this plan affect this group?
Come to Texas and have a town hall. Feels like you're avoiding constituents. If this is great for us,meet us and let's talk.
He will probably go to Woodlands, where money is no obstacle.  They're getting the tax breaks.
Liar you mean Subsidies smh...what about the millions you are kicking off Medicaid and insurance.
I can't imagine a more laughable statement than you calling this process "transparent".
Not that is misleading.  23 million Americans will loose health insurance. AARP DISLIKES YOUR BILL
We don't believe you have our back, .@JohnCornyn. Protect the ACA! This is politics over people.
What happened to being able to purchase Insurance across state lines? Ins Co's should not have a monopoly in Tx!
Wow john, everyone thinks you are a LIAR.  Plan on explaining trumpcare to your constituents this weekend, u can run but we'll find u...
@TeachingHospTX how can you even make up this level of LIE?! There is NO chance this is true! Prove it!
Does the wind whistling through your ears at night bother you? You are an embarrassment to the US.
How can you claim to be prolife and have the sick, elderly & young kicked off Medicaid. It will certainly be death sentence to many!! #Vile
Were you actually quoted correctly when U said U couldn't imagine a more transparent process? If so, please get checked by a Psyche!
Lie
If you think this is transparent, you must be Superman. But your flabby tits tell me you're not Superman, and you know it's not transparent.
We're watching & we vote. What if every Texan who spends more on coverage & care under this bill votes against you?

John Cornyn: "I can't imagine a more transparent and open process." DID U SAY THIS??
And yes, you are our Senator.
Show us the proof of this statement! People before party! #VoteNoBCRA
Full repeal NOW! If you vote for this bill you WILL BE RECALLED!
Not true. Non-disabled adults without dependent children aren't eligible regardless of income in Tx. Subsidies not available poorest of them
Liar. How can you even be a US Senator? Pure evil.
Liar
Advocates for low-income Texans must be thrilled! Can you link to their statements of support? Non-foxnews links are preferred, of course.
Quit and do something else. You don't represent Texas constituents.
We can't believe anything you say. You've lied to us too many times.
Pre-existing conditions must be covered as they are under Affordable Care Act.  Lives are at stake.  We will remember 2018.
I appreciate your strong stance against personal responsibility!
When you quit giving the wealthy tax cuts and help average Americans have healthy families, you have my vote.  I will remember 2018.
Constituent here. No longer trust anything a Repub says about healthcare
Was republican for years and live in your state. What you and your fellow rethugs are doing reinforces my decision to leave your party. Sad!
Why ARE you taxing older Americans?
Pretty sure this is completely a lie.
Yep, it is. He can't even get his own plan straight. Under 100% FPL will have "access" to commercial plans with unaffordable deductibles.
Bullshi*....and I will repeat bullshi* every time u attempt to justify this awful HC plan! Ur constituents hate it! And u know this.....
You know we can read, right? You are lying and making a mockery of thinking people. Just stop.
Oh look! An age tax #Wealthcare
The ease with which you lie is truly disturbing.
unless you firmly believe that your health care bill is sincere and honest, I hope your conscience bothers you to no end.
How about the $800 billion Medicaid cuts?  #JohnCon
Covfefe phony taping and a Fuck America health plan, a double shit sandwich all in one day. Making America White Again. Congrats
When will you stop lying? This bill clearly cuts cuts Medicaid by a lot more. But it's okay since the rich get their tax breaks! Bullshit
We all know this #HealthCareBill is just a bullshit way to give your donors hundreds of billions in tax breaks. Why try to hide it? #Bought

Tax breaks for your donors!
Is this more GOP lies #worldislaughingatUSA #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #FLYNN #MANAFORT #PAGE #COVERUP #SAD #JOKE #FAKECONGRESS #FAKESENATOR
Don't Forget @JohnCornyn  I am a Texan too.
if more people die, they have less reason to fear repercussions.  While they themselves sit with far better insurance on taxpayer money.
If more people die, they have less responsibility to seek out jobs that pay a living wage.
if more people die, they have less people to worry about not voting for them in their next elections.
You are an extremely dishonest person. Shame, shame, shame. Just tell the truth. You care about the welfare of the wealthy above all else,
Well, if this bill is so great, why not make it effective BEFORE 2020 and next Senate and Presidential elections?
, eliminating sub for hard working people, to 300%
Fake news
Hospitals are adamantly opposed, as are pediatricians. And you'll crush rural hospitals-but, hey, how about that tax cut for the wealthy?
7 years & days of backroom meetings & that's all you came up with? Stop trying to put lipstick on the pig
...and it is bad for Texas. Texas deservers better than Cornyn and Cruz.
You mean like Obamacare did?
You lie as badly as @realDonaldTrump. This plan is bad for Americans and benefits the wealthy more than anyone else. Texas deserves better.
Honestly, after 7 years of "repeal Obamacare", it's pretty funny to watch you trying to sell Zombie Obamacare.
YOU LIE.
As a Texan, I am ashamed that you are our senator.
This is not about our healthcare, it's about your wallet.
How can you possibly believe this is true?
I look forward to your explanation of how. How about an early #TownHall this weekend?
Tell people they have to at least read the bill before they criticize or protest it. Obamacare hurt me badly!
Unless you are a woman who needs health care, right?  Because we don't matter.
A yes vote by vote is a vote out of office
As your constituent, I will die because of your decision to play "God" with healthcare.
Liar.
John Cornyn has no soul. He does not care about innocent lives because his is so corrupt and disgusting.
Liar.

Ha. Funny. According to DSHS, income below 100% AND age below 18. Nice try, buster.
.@JohnCornyn this is a bad bill that leave hundreds of thousands more Texans without health insurance.
The tax cut alone for someone making a million dollars from GOP bill is equal to the US median income - Chris Hayes
Texas has the highest maternal mortality rate in the U.S. & western world. AHCA decreases women's access to healthcare.
Until you're willing to use it, its not good enough!
False!  #Trumpcare bill is dissolving Medicaid! Work w/ @TheDemocrats 2 draft new bill! Vote ur conscience and heart! Listen to @SenTedCruz
Let's wait for the CBO. I don't believe you either.
"Our plan will help deliver access to better care at a price the American people can actually afford". 

Show your working
I guess if more people die, fewer will ultimately need health care, so we save money?

Don't support the AHCA.
Have you even read the bill you wrote, Senator?
This bill is Obamacare with GOP paint.
WE ARE WATCHING YOU. DO WHAT IS RIGHT FOR AMERICAN FAMILIES, NOT FOR THE WEALTHIEST AMONG ALL OF US.

CNBC: Trump's Carrier deal is not living up to the hype — jobs still going to Mexico; hundreds bracing for layoffs http://cnb.cx/2s06XTV 
You are so far gone, you wouldn't recognize truth if it slapped you up the side of the head. This raises deductible, is less for more. Liar.
When is your #townhall?  You're flying home this weekend right?  Let's talk about this!
Pfft. He'll be too busy meeting with his big money contributors -- you know, the ones benefiting from his wonderful 'health care' bill.
HOW CAN YOU LIE TO PEOPLE WHO DEPEND ON THIS FOR THEIR LIVES. DISPICABLE.
Did you not read your own bill? After 2020 NO MEDICAID EXPANSION FOR ANYONE, NOT JUST TEXANS
But how many lose coverage? how much more is coverage for preexisting conditions? How big a tax break for your donors? ... stop lying
How many times did you tell Perry to stick to his position of not expanding Medicaid coverage in Texas? I would like to know that big number
White bubble that recognizes nothing but people like yourself? Perhaps a town hall could enlighten you.

So when can we expect the minimal honesty from you regarding the true situation in Texas? Do know this stuff, or do you live in the rich,
Texas has the highest rate of uninsured in th country, along with the worst incidence of maternal death in the country.  Wages are also low.
You're taking healthcare away from those who need it the most. Texas will eventually turn blue. #IStandWithPP #SaveACA
Hello  most docs do not accept medicaid in texas.
Liar!
Disinformation, deflection, dishonesty. This is a tax cut for the wealthy. Pre-existing? Women's health? Disabled? Medicaid? Medicare?
Cuts in Medicare hurts the handicapped, the elderly and children. Who could support that?
The rich and insurance companies
lies. All lies.
Coverage or ACCESS to coverage and the type of coverage being offered? Sure can't count on Dan and Greg to care about poor.
Just repeal it
Shame on you. I watched you refuse @SenSchumer offer to work together. You don't care. Trade places with any of us and you'd get it.
You DO realize that Texas didn't expand Medicaid. So poor people in Texas are screwed. thanks!! #TrumpcareSucks
Here's a hint; get a job or you should've saved your money better.  You obviously have internet.  Get rid of it.  Paying you is not my job.
Congratulations you make over 250k a year. If not, there is no tax savings for you.
I'm one of the poor people he screwed and didn't even kiss first
99% of the folks who are so against ACA have mostly bought into a slogan-repeal and replace- but their lives will be unaffected or worse.
Children's Hospital Association of Texas has different analysis. Said AHCA would ensure less Medicaid money and your bill cuts even more.
Well @JohnCornyn would say that is fake news.
400% of FPL on ACA vs 350% of FPL w/ Trumpcare. Pretty sure that means fewer people covered. Don't lie to your constituents
Better care? What kind of a lie is that???
Once again your quantity outweighs the quality. This is a trash bill and you know it #DoYourJob for ALL Texans
Nah bro
There were 100 hearings for ACA , why is this bill getting 0? Why can't there be public debate? Why are essential health benefits sunsetted?
@TeachingHospTX hey, have a town hall and discuss this monstrosity of a plan.
He won't, @JohnCornyn is too scared to face the people he represents, the same people he screws.
How will the 54% of Texas births that are currently financed via Medicaid be covered?
Surely you don't tweet this with a straight face? What about the thousands of Texans your wonderful bill will harm?
Show me on the bill where the good things happen for low income Texans.
You suck
LIAR!
Where does it say that?
That's not what I've read; can you please point to where this occurs on the bill?
I'm just glad Warren Buffet will get a $680,000 tax break. That's more important than our seniors getting health care
Also, did you see how Coats described Trump as "obsessed" with the Russia probe?
I don't know you, John. But based on what I do know, you're a very bad man.
So, no. They're cutting it to shreds.
#Shame
Protester ripped from her wheelchair and carried off

#NoCutsNoCaps #StopTrumpcare 
Interesting how protesters started screaming five seconds after the bill was announced. Are the psychic, too?
@NWTeel , , NO!
