please vote against the bill. We can at least agree on that point.
#yourefired
you realize you are bragging about spending less on people's healthcare, right?
were saved
and let's no forget cutting taxes for the wealthiest Americans! When will congress repeal EMTALA law of 1986?
If you repeal that then the cost of caring for the poor can't be passed to insured citizens, of course the poor will die. A win?
I cannot respect ANYTHING coming from a man who quotes Brietbart "news". Embarrassing!
How many more people would Medicaid cover then?
Can we cut back your Cadillac plan, too?
You're cutting medicaid, which helps poor kids.
before we fire you we are going to strip you of your lifetime healthcare #yourefired I hope you end up in jail.
Republicans want to kill seniors, the sick & the poor. Giving rich tax cuts & Insurance Co CEOs tax cuts in the process.
under bill, senior citizen will lose needed end of life care
@tedcruz as someone who's had insurance for 30+ years that gets worse every year. More expensive less coverage and harder to use
Good news! Under the American Health Care Act you will no longer have insurance at all!
come on sir, an imaginary 30℅ cut is not what we voted for; we voted for repeal.
as your constituent in zip 77469, I request you vote against this. Also as health pro, Sm businessman
Imagine how many people could have health care if we didn't have to pay for Melania's golden palace in NY or DT's golfing trips?
Healthcare, especially Medicare, is not an entitlement. I paid for it.
And this constituent in 78751 asks you to vote against it, if it even gets to that. This sad plan accelerates "death spiral."
Trumpcare isn't viable. It will destroy lives and kill people. Unless that's your goal... Is it?
U never will or don't want2 understand: whether they are insured or uninsured-we all pay4them.Insured costs less than uninsured!
oppose any bill that hurts the neediest and enriches the wealthiest.  This bill isn't reform.
Still had entitlements. They never go away. FREE MKT is solution. Get govt out of way!!
Pity we cannot enact entitlement reform on members of Congress.
If we extracted their sense of entitlement, then there would be nothing left!
OK.  Show us how.  Promises, promises!!
My son on Medicaid due 2 his Autism. I don't think of his medical care as an entitlement. It allows him 2 see a doc when needed.
health care is a human right. Not an entitlement program
yes you have the right to provide your own healthcare
LOL
.@JohnCornyn #TheResistance will #RepealAndReplace you.
I love this tweet so much I want to make it brownies.
funny and great attitude. Keep it up. Do not join the haters. We can resist with love and chocolate!
and voting. Next to baked goods, that's the most important part of #TheResistance 
2018 feels so far away!
Sadly his time isn't up until 2020.
there are others, #TheResistance will change the balance.
think about that when you cut taxes door the wealthy.
@SpeakerRyan was so obsessed with #ACA and talked about his better plan for 7 years. His plan is BAD. -your constituent
and millions of Americans will be without health insurance, major catastrophe, why don't you challenge the predator's defense $?
or your actions are putting low income kids without options for health care.  Jesus would be proud.  I vote in TX.
What's the body count? Seriously, how much does a constituent's life cost?
at the rate we're going, it likely depends how much Soylent Green we can get out of them.
I dare you to switch your insurance to Trumpcare. Luckily for you, you'll never need to be on Medicaid.
Entitlement reform? How can you justify taking support for the needy/children and giving the rich an unnecessary tax cut?
we are going to repeal and replace you!!!!
$400 million would go to pay for executive compensation. More rich buddies of Trump? Are you already looking at job postings?
Yeah, but now tell us how much nat debt increases!
you are making claims without the CBO.
Meanwhile hardworking low and middle income people can't afford your tax rebates.
#trumpcare is a lovely gift to the rich and to the insurance companies. Remember, u represent real people. @nytimes @dallasnews
bull shit and you know it!
AARP and AMA are against it. Care to respond?
glad to know you hate the poor and the elderly!
you're going to screw over every poor person in Texas to make D.C. donors happy, why are you selling out Texans???
this isn't a bill we should be proud of as it stands today.
Tragic you've forgotten actual humans  $ to rich will hurt. U should see faces of all elderly poor needing Medicaid. GOP shame.
33% less help for Americans in need of health care. That sounds terrible.
Let's have a #TownHall so we can discuss. @PeteSessions is willing to do it, why not you?
Your health care is paid for, it's not that way for your constituents, remember. No #Trumpcare
It also gives tax breaks to healthcare providers making over $500,000 per year. Seriously? We need healthcare! The rich don't!
I will not b able to afford coverage at all! Obamacare subsidies have been replaced with tax breaks that hinder my age bracket.
Entitlement. You are one of the most entitled people on the planet, Senator. Where do you get off trying to make poor people sicker???
Major ineptitude in U & GOP. You've wasted time on @POTUS lunatic rankings & flop healthcare bill. Start working 4 CONSTITUENTS!
that's how many people cannot afford health insurance. So what is your plan for that?
And many would die.
REJECT TRUMPCARE!
Because of elimination of medicaid expansion? this means the sick uninsured presenting to hospitals who provide for them.
.@JohnCornyn the GOP replacement does more for insurance industry than it does for the people. #CorporateInterest is your priority #Shame
it's NOT a daggum entitlement. every American has paid into it.
I have! The last of the baby boomers will be the test generation. We will be the 1ST NOT to have SS/Medicare why?
How dare the elderly and kids be unable to afford insurance!
Costs do drop when fewer people can get it. These tax credits are supposed to make the cost of health insurance affordable?
Cutting healthcare for children, the disabled, and pregnant women is the brave thing to do. So leaderly.
.@JohnCornyn Wow, look at your Twitter feed Senator. I think Republicans need to realize that Texans want affordable healthcare. Period.
Remember Marie Antoinette?  That's entitlement answer
how about the $3m ur Russian friend Trump is spending on the weekends? And the BILLIONS on the stupid wall!
who cares what happens to grandma right? As long as your butt &  ur spouse is covered by tax payer funded retirement & perks!
.@JohnCornyn That's because LESS people would have coverage, so less would be spent.
And more people left without coverage. I guess compassion isn't your strong suit? #hearourvoice #texastownhall #resist #persist
opting out of 1 mandate & replacing w/ another was not our idea of replace #fullrepeal
Obviously from the liberal trolls on this thread have an ignorance when it comes to corporations and where the jobs come from.
A entitlement is when I pay Trump sons business flights and pay him for secret service hotel rooms .3 million a week to golf
vote no on HR 610. Please make school lunches better in TX.
Another falsehood. The bill kill Medicaid eventually. It allows insurance companies to keep bloated profits while Americans die.
You work all your life and pay into medicare and are told that is a entitlement Your money is going to a CEO
not exactly "major." Nice try.
How much do you pay for insurance Senator? I demand an answer.
.@JohnCornyn By cutting healthcare for the poor and elderly. The people who need it most.
Where is the CBO score to show how many people would lose coverage and how premiums would be affected by this plan?
Why do you hate the elderly?  Raising their insurance rates is wrong, not to mention all the other junk in your bill.#DOYOURJOB
let the house budget committee determine our savings. Have no trust in government anymore.
#ACA might have worked, but you and #GOPGerrymanderBots obstructed every step of the way. Now this horse plop is the answer?
it will allow ins. companies to increase premiums for those with pre-existing conditions...not able to afford insurance
it will also give tax breaks to the wealthiest Americans as well as tax breaks to insurance companies
You have health insurance paid by the government. Why shouldn't others?
I demand it go through CBO before any vote
and how many poor/elderly  people get to choose between paying for medication or food/rent to accomplish? #shameful
when is your next town hall meeting ANYWHERE? We are not hiding as you previously suggested. You are. Schedule now
You forgot to mention all the people who will die because of Republican carelessness.
so help fix it, earn your $$, go to work... don't just complain, reconcile!!!
remove anyone thats not a US Citizen
major would be 1% growth u can do better!
A nightmare and sell-out to those who voted for your so-called prez.  Disgraceful.
Single Payer!  Medicare for all!  America's healthcare delivery "system" is completely broken.  The only real reform is revolution.
notably, Medicaid demand doesn't change even if you magically reduce spending, so you either bankrupt states or poor/sick people
Very Lame as usual...Rhino.
I get it! If you cut funding and kill off the elderly and sick, there will be less people to draw social security! Brilliant...
How about the number of deaths per year due to lack of insurance? Or is that not as important as $$$?
Cutting Medicaid spending even *as* health care needs rise. Is your proposal to cut aging and disability by that same amount?
You must vote NO on this if it gets to you!  Seriously this is taking healthcare away from Millions because of higher costs!
I'm a voting Texan & when you use the word "entitlement" to refer to healthcare it strengthens my resolve vote you OUT.
I believe healthcare is not entitlement.  Our country is strong enough to support health for all
...and if poor people get denied their chemo, and healthcare CEOs get bigger bonuses, so be it. Are you really OK with that?
on the backs of the poor. #CornynFailedTexas
What's the CBO budget score for this turdburger?
Christians are supposed to care for the poor and vulnerable, not criminalize and punish them. You have no shame.
stop saying "entitlement" when discussing life and death. And how could we know if @GOP hasn't released any hard numbers?
And what about those old people? Keep our grandparents and aging parents covered!!!
That's because people would LOSE INSURANCE under the new plan, and PAY MORE.  But oh yeah, gotta fix those entitlements!
This bill is a Granny killer.
By "entitlement," do you mean "basic health care for the disabled and destitute"?
millions & millions end up w/no insurance, Elderly pay 5x more.  U all can't fiscally think of a better way to invest.  SAD
STOP! No Obamacare light! Support Rand Paul's healthcare bill. Deliver on your promises! @POTUS @RandPaul #RepealAndReplace
those numbers sound great if you are a bean counter. However, this is about humans and health care. No repeal, no replace.
Not even a good start.
Doesn't a third less spending imply a third fewer people would be covered?
this bill is bad and you should feel bad. I award you no points. May God have mercy on your soul.
Preexisting conditions is the ballgame
For anyone wanting to cut medicaid spending I extend an invitation to spend a week with me in these nursing homes!
Medicaid is NOT an entitlement! We pay for it!!!
or in other words pay for Trumpcare on the backs of the poor, the most vulnerable.
that is great love to see you saving money! Don't forget to give CEOs a bonus for that! #KeepACA
another provision of this shitty bill is the repeal of the 80/20 mandate, so now CEOs can get BIGGER bonuses!
They are already getting the bonus. This just removes the need for the companies to pay tax on them.
Defunding PP will ensure it's much higher than 4%. Maybe learn from past mistakes.
You're talking about leaving poor children, elderly and disabled patients without any care at all. Have you no decency? @JohnCornyn
Poor people are not just percentage points for you to shave off a budget. This will kill people. @JohnCornyn
You're talking about kicking little old ladies out of nursing homes and leaving them under bridges instead. @JohnCornyn
Would you want that for your mother or grandma? Taken from her room and dumped on skid row because the Medicaid ran out? @JohnCornyn
too bad you don't have to use this sorry excuse for insurance.  You're privileged
so, you're backing this garbage?
The AMA is not supporting the new bill, do you agree with them?
ya know, you really should just stop tweeting! Every frigging one of them shows how ridiculous and out of touch you are!
can't we do better than 2%?
Bill cuts Medicaid expansion, but Texas never had it. 5X more cost of insurance for elderly. Fix that!
Medicaid needs to go! Medicare part A for all. States can get grants for clinics.  private insurance. #Obamacare #Trumpcare
says who? Not the CBO. Is this #alternativemath ?
Do you plan to achieve this by throwing people off Medicaid? Or will it be by magical healthcare fairies?
Kill more people for less money. Uh, OK. I 'm sold.
, entitlement = senator getting great health care and drawing a salary plus pensions at the same time. I mean you, sir.
Which is exactly what Trump ran against. You guys are gonna pay big time in 2018 and 2020. You should plan to "retire"
entitlement? What about the huge tax breaks for corporations and the wealthiest Americans? Why are entitlements OK for the rich?
because they are better than us peasants. Many of them believe that God has ordained this.
awesome. What happens when healthy people decide not to purchase insurance UNTIL they are sick? What's the CBO?
Healthcare is NOT an entitlement.
FIX the ACA! We need a public option. American citizens are ENTITLED to healthcare, regardless of their ability to pay. FIX IT!
Why don't you work on getting illegals off of Medicaid and save real money? Anchor baby parents shouldn't be afforded Medicaid
ok, but that is paid for by fewer poor people having health insurance. It's not like you found change in your couch.
you could cut more money having a publicized health and fitness improvement contest.  Winner gets to fly on air force1.
.@JohnCornyn tax cuts for the rich and Medicaid / tax credit cuts for the poor? Are you really proud of that? How Christian of you.
Must be nice to get free government healthcare as a US senator. Hypocritical much? You and your colleagues are quite entitled.
While causing how many people to lose their Medicaid health insurance? And driving up uninsured costs to hospitals how much?
way to go! Spending less money when you have no money is still spending money you don't have.
Why not say "Major screw the indigent reform"?Medicaid is not an entitlement.It's a social welfare program. You're gone in 2020!
Repeal it completely!
ok good one, you haven't made me laugh this hard in years
Not sure “Major entitlement reform.” is a complete sentence…#GrammarTroll
You really think Medicaid is an entitlement???
what a coincidence---that's about how much the increase in health care would be for an average family ---so much for affordable
it's a terrible bill and hardly a "solution" to the healthcare problems in the US. Try again, sir.
Why don't you guys pass tax reform before doing healthcare? You'd get more bipartisan support for tax reform and we need it!! 
