Sure, burn down another political norm and eliminate the filibuster.  Might makes Right.  Or nominate someone who can get 60 votes, Garland?
No Garland, Obama isn't POTUS nor is Hillary thankfully!
You tell em Senator!  Loved your speach regarding 1A! We have the right to associate, support and vote for our @POTUS Donald J. Trump!
And I will vote against you in 2020, one way or another.
You should be ashamed of yourself senator! Vote NO on Gorsuch!
Yes because you don't care about us Texans you care about Trump.
Why don't you have any outrage about Russia meddling in our politics? #2018 #2020 #WeAreWatching
You and the rest of the GOP are despicable. You & your kind are pushing more people from the middle to the left. Thanks! #canCornyn2020
Not fair. Give him up/down vote. 59-41 he loses. Why do u then want to change rules? That's giving him up or down vote.
@RandPaul @SenTedCruz ok with me to go Nuclear!
As one of your constituents I am asking for you not to confirm. But you don't listen to us. I have left multiple messages with your office.

GOP blocked 79 Obama nominees w/ filibuster before Reid used nuclear option.

McConnell will use it after Dems say they'll filibuster ONCE.
ummm ok.  What else you got?
It's ok. We will all remember when you are up for reelection.
Wherein you follow the unhinged tunnel vision of your leader #lemmings #resist
how cute! your party gets its only wish granted after pushing an incompetent, compromised president on us!
If Obama is not allowed to pick a judge in the last year of his presidency why should Trump get to?
I think you will guarantee a large turnout to unseat you in 2020. So good job! #votehimout
I'm with you on that! Cornyn needs to remember that if you lie down with mongrels, you get up with fleas. He needs to go!
Remember Merrick
Disappointing Senator.
Last time I checked his name isn't Merrick Garland.
Shame on you when you wouldn't even give Garland a hearing. Voters will remember you siding with corporations & will vote you out in 2020
Start packing jack ass
& @JohnCornyn  you'll be outta there in #2020 because we will remember @MerrickGarland #resist
And we will be able to hold you accountable for supporting a judge who hates workers and women. Oh yeah, forgot, you do too!!  Watching you!
It's clear you're desperate to try to get agenda points done before your corrupt GOP POTUS goes down under legal proceedings. SAD
How much did you receive to push this so far?  We all know you don't require much.
Yeah, screw what your constituents think right?!
Shame on GOP. Watch your back ... Russia is going to bite you in the a$$ before you know it.
So partisan dick measuring has nothing to do with this?
Nuclear Mandate
I can't wait until the new nuclear rules are used to push through SCOTUS picks against the will of the GOP later on.
& #45 was elected 'one way or another,' by hook or by crook-mostly crook. America is being stolen from us by the rich and their lackeys.
The Dems are poor? Pelosi richest woman in Congress. Hillary got rich off foreign donations including Russia!  NO PROBLEM?
Vote now. Work to do.
I think the Republicans have some 'buthurt' coming up in 2018.  "One way or another"
And you will be voted out, one way or another...
You will change the rules for you SCOTUS but you did not even give Garland a vote. Shame.
Take that up with Biden & Reid! When the shoe fits both sides wear it!
John, this statement makes it sound like you're threatening the American people. Why is it so difficult to be respectful and considerate?
Because @SenSchumer & his partisan-beyond-reason Dems have shown they'll simply obstruct a Judge they previously supported, the People voted
You are owned by big donors, perhaps dark money, but mostly by your gigantic ego and power hunger. It's YOU above your constituents. #2020
If you R this much in favor of ANYTHING, it cannot be good for the average citizen. Your reputation preceeds you, always on the side of $$$.
Why not finish your investigation first? Just in case?
Sure, go nuclear and Dems will overturn everything in 2020. You broke it. Remember Merrick Garland? #hypocrite
You've got so much to say about Gorsuch, and yet you're still too scared to meet with us to find out how we feel. #TownHall #BringOn2020
@JohnCornyn We won't forget & go away by #2020.  We know what side of democracy you stand on. It the wrong one. Your a shill & a thief.
Sir, your words here make you sound like a bully. Wonder why?
only way is nuclear, which they'll regret in 2018 when Dems have majority. Be careful what you ask for!
Blow up the rules of the senate and you will regret it. You wouldn't be in this spot if you followed the constitution and gave Garland vote
You & the rest of the @GOP are selling the future of our country to the highest bidder. SAD times.  y'all are insane for going nuclear 
How about waiting until the cloud of treason has been lifted from the white house?
What is the other? Cooersion?
Great. The man who thinks  women need employer ok for pregnancies. Just continuing the war on women.
An extremist like this clown will set us back even further than @POTUS is trying and failing to do. Investigate him and confirm next nominee
Oh GOODE TX KNOWS WHERE YOUR LOYALTIES LYE!  THE EYES OF TX ARE UPON YOU!
Who are you trying to convince? Your tweets are becoming my joke of the day.
Dark money donors win. Very sad.
You're ridiculous. You're insulting the intelligence of your constituents. You have no respect for us. We will remember. #wearewatching
Forcing a poor choice down U.S. people's by changing rules is not what should happen. Find a better nominee. Luckily Garland still exists.
#2020
Any thing to make your dark money donors happy and keep the money rolling in .Gorsuch works for dark money not the people just like the GOP
Oath breaking worked out for Replutocrats so far. You must be so proud. I am not. Karma 2020
That is what I thought of repealing Obamacare and we saw how well that worked out for u !
U may b surprised !
Republicans have no problem doing whatever it takes even while compromising Americans safety and integrity.
Illegitimate SCOTUS #illegitimatePrez where are the patriots?
oops, wrong pic, but you get the point :s
"we and the NRA will make sure of that if that's what it takes!!!!" "
I know Repbulicans who wish they could chew off the arm they used to vote for this maniac  None of them realized w/ a loose cannon is @POTUS
It's now become "YOU'RE" job take care for the constituents who put you in office bc 2018 is coming & a lot of you are going down.
Broken promises to the poor/middle class, women, LGBTQ community have taken the worst and it goes on & on & on.  Do Your Job Cornyn
