When will you realize you don't speak for the majority of Texans anymore? Your constituents aren't "radical leftists." LISTEN.
So no comment about that Michael Flynn thingy?  Russia paying you off too?
OMGosh, hypocrisy much? This is getting downright annoying. Have some self-awareness, we are fed up and want a #TownHallNow
lol, good one.
Trump is unhinged and you're just being your partisan self to pretend it's not happening. So much for country first.
courts stink He does not
so is this advise you offering to trump or are you saying you won't comment because your house could break to?
@SenFranken  as a Texas citizen/voter I apologize for the poor judgment and lack of professionalism from Cornyn. #Frankinsright
LOL, Glass Houses, so true. so true.
what part of the statements don't have you questioning his mental health?
I don't understand this tweet. Franken and some GOP colleagues seem to have legit concerns about POTUS having lost his mind
what meds do you take?
What will it take for you to put the integrity of the republic against your own self interests? Trump is a fascist.
look up fascist, compare to Potus, I see no similarity. Hitler killed 6M, Potus trying to save thousands.

I see your getting the same hate that @senscott. I think they getting paid per tweet for their anti- social behavior. #MAGA
EVERYONE questions his mental state and John, if you and your GOP colleagues DO NOT shape up, we'll start questioning yours!
I already do. @JohnCornyn says constituents calling DC and local offices = an "establishment campaign". He's against Texans.
Already 2 viable, exciting candidates exploring taking his seat.
Uh yeah cause he acts crazy. 78610
Frankly I find it alarming that you aren't concerned.
very good point Senator
We all question Trump's mental health.  Did you question Reagan's?  It is a prudent thing to ask of a leader.
Sounds serious. We should be informed at your next town hall. When is that again?
@indivisibletx03 @JohnCornyn Would love to know. Cornyn wont answer his phones.....
@realDonaldTrump is a pathological liar. He is incapable of telling the truth in a sustained basis. So Ill or evil?
you ought to have a debate with @alfranken and put your money where your mouth is.
If you are not also questioning Trump's mental health, you are not paying attention.
Seriously every senator should be questioning his mental stability. Are you going to investigate antics over the weekend? Sad
Franken didnt have a security briefing in the middle of a goddamned public restaurant. That. Is. Nuts.
Do they not have phones in your glass house? #AnswerThePhone
please listen to Texans. Fight Trump he is no conservative. Trump is dangerous for Texas. I am a voting constituent
Flynn, Russia...how about your house of cards?
, not the tone I expect from the senior Senator of our state. Are you channeling @realDonaldTrump or is an intern tweeting for u?
I'm questioning your mental health since you're not questioning @realDonaldTrump 's mental health!!!  #2020
how dare you say that about al franken? He has been the only voice of reason. Firing you is long past due. Voting you out
I don't have a glass house but I do have a Ph.D. in clinical psychology...and @realDonaldTrump is hella pathological.
Yes we do. Please take a stand against the inappropriateness of this WH
I question your mental state for not even asking about Trump's constant lying
we should question your mental health for not questioning his...
disappointed if you dont think SOMEthing is off about Trump and his need to make false statements about almost everything.
I question mental health of those who don't question mental health of delusional president with nuclear codes.
Let's have a town hall meeting and discuss the issues. Thank you!
I am a constituent from rural SE Texas. When will you be holding a town hall near Houston or Beaumont?
I'm in the mental health field; every professional I know agrees Trump has extreme Narcissistic Personality DIsorder; dangerous
They should be questioning his mental health and whether he is fit to serve as #45.  You should be questioning as well.
lots of Texans question yours as well!!  WHy don't you answer your phones?  What are you afraid of?  Why don't you rep us well?
We have to quit letting the narrative of the left take us to the ditch. We're smarter than that.
I just saw a selfie w/guy who carries the briefcase w/nuke codes posing w/Maralago guest.  I'm going to need you to FOCUS!!!!!
Yeah, the difference is, @alfranken hasn't told a number of demonstrable lies, has no conflicts of interest, and ISN'T PRESIDENT
You cannot tell me in good conscience that 45 is a stable minded person! Watch and listen....he's a nut case!!
Sir: We the People find that your patriotism is now in question. Your failure to vote down POTUS cabinet picks, speaks volumes.
wish we could see those Trump tax returns...Glass has been painted over by your Republican party
don't waste taxpayer time and money with your ad hominem attacks https://yourlogicalfallacyis.com/ad-hominem 
I thought you were the more sensible of my two Senators. I am disappointed in your choice to not elevate the discourse.
snarky tweets not appropriate for the POTUS nor a senator. Be the example - your constituents are watching closely.
Do you believe that 3 to 5 million people voted illegally? If so, please provide evidence.
Why don't you answer your phone and address the constitutes of your state?
let's talk about it! Meet me for coffee anytime or you could ahve a town hall in Texas and talk to the people you work for.
Me, I question the mental health of anyone who voted for he-who-must-not-be-named.
Aww. You need a nap, buddy?#SleepyJohnCornyn
your own mental state is in question if you continue to support Trump. He's a sociopath who works for Russia. #35pages #proven
.@JohnCornyn Judging from your twitter stream perhaps we should be questioning your mental health as well - breath man!
Senator Cornyn,I am not sure what this tweet is about but please stop the name calling it is unworthy of you
Do you mean to insinuate that Al Franken is mentally ill?
@SenateMajLdr For me, it's simple. No ideology here. If you vote against the party, they won't fund your re-election bid.
GOP Leadership mystifies me! O-Care here for years & no replacement plan. Been told O-Care to implode. Why no plan?
we're watching & paying attention, you don't just represent some of your voters & we're beginning to question your judgement.
When is the next town hall scheduled? When was your last one?
the POTUS is a habitual liar and you are an enabler
let's talk about you, your vote for DeVos, your lack of engagement with your constituents like myself.
GOP should be questioning the WH relationship w/ Russia & appt of a far right conspiracy theorist to the NSC.
Have a Town Hall Meeting in Austin and we will test the strength of the glass house where you live.
We'd love to have a town hall in Austin to chat about it. Just pick a date. I'm in 78729 and have lots of questions.
People in glass houses. We're looking at you. Can't wait to vote you out in 2020.
Town Hall? Let's talk
Stop making obviously false comparisons. You're a Senator. Please raise the level of professionalism and nuance in discourse.
I am a constituent and concerned citizen from 78723.  Do you have a town hall planned anytime soon? I would love to talk more.
You will be remembered by history for standing idly by while this madman president of yours destroyed America.
Please.  I challenge you to insist on a psych eval of your president and see how that turns out!
Enough jokes. Why isn't the GOP investigating Flynn's illegal communications with Russia? Nat'l security not a priority for you?
John, what are *YOU* going to do about Flynn?  You say you are a patriot: call for an investigation, NOW.
turnabout fair play
please don't divert attention. We are concerned re:POTUS's belief voter fraud w/o evidence. You should be too. [image: @AOLNews]
if you don't question trump's mental health I question yours!
hard to believe you don't. You must be drinking the kool-aide. You were not so generous during the primary.
Everyone questions Trump's mental state. It's your job to pay attention. You are on the losing side of this.
they SHOULD be questioning his mental health! You should to! Best get on board this train....
y r u not comn unglued about ethics violation of Conway n security talk in public by 45 in FL?
Is this an example of that contempt and derision that you're not showing, John? You live in the glassiest house of all, sir.
Anyone who doesn't question a president getting his 'news' from Breitbutt and InfoWars, needs to check their sanity.
I don't have any respect for anyone enabling a FASCIST/unqualified/criminal and the treasonist mob dirtying the WH!
...And then there is the whopper about climate change...I am a Texan. I know you.
You lied to the people of West, Texas!
Stand with and for the people of the great state of Texas and we won't worry about glass houses as they help show our integrity.
So you're cool with the way President Trump handles himself? Really?
Makes me question your mental health for NOT questioning Trump's. You and you're colleagues need to shut him down now!  #urfired
Senator Franken says Trump lies, he does on an almost daily basis. and at a higher pace and less artfully than most politicians
keep reminding your constituents to vote for your opponent next election. Keep your bullshit fresh in our minds.
As a TX Senator you SHOULD wonder about the mental health of POTUS, especially if you want to be re-elected...
One cannot add to the stature of a midget by cutting off the legs of a giant. DO YOUR JOB!
Perhaps you should stop trying to discredit others and listen to your constituents.
You should be questioning his (Trump's) mental health. We all know y'all would love to push through your legislation tho.
you're a party liner with no morals but you got money, sorry sap that you are.
can't wait 4 next Townhall in ATX cause this Republican woman wants to set you straight in how u lost your moral compass! Resist
Trump paid you a lot of money according to his own statement 1-19-17 live CNN TV. Your actions are speaking volumes! Really?
Franken is probably one of the most well adjusted,
Sincere & hard working senators.
if you're questioning this, I'm questioning your mental health. #representus #sad
remember that you represent the Whole state of Texas not just the Tea Party/GOP
I question Trump's mental Heath as well and those congressmen that don't think the admin is off the rails'
Wow. Now you're even starting to tweet like @realDonaldTrump Sad!
YOU are in question. Thinking calls/tweets fm constituents re: DeVos was an organized campaign. We got your number: 2020!
you've really got to stop with the snarky tweets. Youre so awful. Instead listen to your constituents. Try it. Might keep ur job
Al Franken is a joke everyone knows this how in the world does a frumpy comedian get on the worlds most elite list
impeach trump! Before it's too late
Got to question your mental health if you can't see that @realDonaldTrump is a narcissist and a pathological liar.
starting to question yours too! Epic tweet day.... why don't you meet with your constituents? More town hall less tweeting.....
So do majority of Americans.  Why do you blindly follow POTUS? You are suppose to represent a separate part of government.
Pretty much the whole country is questioning Trump's mental health. Get our of ur bubble. lowest favorables for any president.
Really Cornyn you seem more ridiculous with each tweet. Do your job.
lol says the man raving about #establishment #conspiracies
Any sane person would question Trump's mental health, not to mention that of his supporters.
you don't know it yet, but you cannot deal with a crazy man either---you are his puppet--/very pathetic
bahahaha. Yes a mad man just like Nero!!!! Just days till America starts burning
We already know there's something wrong with you. Maybe BLOTUS got something to blackmail you with?
Meaning what?
- 45's v alarming mental state obvious to anyone with sense. Are you blind & deaf? #CountryOverParty #InvestigateRussiaTies
It's cute that you're trying here, but your dismissal of @realDonaldTrump lies/delusions to attack @alfranken is troubling.
you should, too.
And you're next.
when is your townhall meeting?  please provide address, time and date.
this is not establishment conspiracy. Fundamental to our constitution is the right to protest.
NEWS ALERT!! USA & the whole world question trump & GOP. People in glass houses....
Okay I'll say it again, history is not going to be kind to you unless you stand up to Trump.
u R not 1/2 the Senator that @SenFranken is. Take a lesson from him & put #TXConstituents 1st, leave your personal interest out.
why wont you hold a town hall?
#FindYourBalls & stand  4 #TXConstituents & against #TrumpensteinTyranny. Oh yeah u can't even #answeryourphone #chickenshit
no senator, I don't care about others right now. I'm concerned about the President of these United States!
That's #small of you. @alfranken has history intelligence and integrity. I'm disappointed w/ the cheap shots at a colleague.
, Statements like that will likely get you silenced on the floor of the senate.
You're a horrible person. Trump is batshit CRAZY!
Trump is not fit to be president on so many levels. Don't be a rubber stamp for him. - A Texan voter taking note.
Embarrased for you right now; R Sen Sasse isn't afraid to stand up to Trump.  Why are you?
Every day more and more people I know are questioning his sanity. It's sad lately you are too closed minded to see it too.
That coming from someone who couldn't even write good comedy.  He is still a BAD JOKE.
better to live in glass house...than ignorance
let's put @SenAlFrank  in quiz bowl vs @realDonaldTrump with Cornyns Sen seat to party of winner.
What the hell are you talking about? You need to get serious about your evaluation of Trump not questioning those who challenge
You, Gohmer & Cruz  should check with a shrink, too. As a matter of facr the whole GOP is cuckoo..
Thanks for playing but you should not have drunk the KoolAid
What does this tweet mean? Are you changing your hardline postion?
@tedcruz Your constituents demand a #TownHall
, when are you going to call for an investigation into Russia's deep involvement in this administration and the election?
, uhm. Most of America sees the "emperors new clothes". The clothes being..narcissistic personality disorder mixed with ?
puh-lease! EVERYONE is questioning his mental health, you NOT questioning it makes me question you
Sen Cornyn I don't think you understand how much integrity @SenFranken has with the American public & he's EARNED it
you can't ignore trump's mental state if you take your oath to us seriously
Hang on. Are u suggesting that if a Senator's mental health is in question, we shouldn't question the President's? Are u ok?
has someone hijacked your account? They are making you sound like an unhinged hack. Oh & when's your next town hall in Houston?
@daveweigel Say that on the floor, Senator, so your boss can R19 you.
The problem is, if you would come out from behind your wall, you might see reality, but cowards always hide
Trump is a mental note job in anyone hitching to that train going over the cliff with him. Pretty fucking obvious.
You and all Reps know he's unstable & unfit to be Pres. 2017's version of the Emperor's New Clothes. #ImpeachTrumpNow
funny how all you Republicans are hiding behind closed doors now. You think that's going to work for her next reelection? No
Dems are gaining about 4 pts per election in Texas. Do your math.
hey John, maybe if he would show up or answer your phone, your constituents can tell you what they think!!
republican Head in the sand only works for so long. Republican suicide baby! Can't wait to see you slither away
"We are only as blind as we want to be" Maya Angelou
U need to check yourself & not be such a hypocrite! You obviously have more loyalty 2 your party over the people u serve #rule19
How dare you? Put this country first or give up your seat. 

Of the only 15 words the #sickbastard knows, you are DISGRACEFUL!
.@JohnCornyn What were you saying about glass houses, ya city slicker nutbag?
John, I say this as one of your constituents. You should probably stay off of twitter. You aren't very good at it.
I question yours as well
deep down, Sir, I have to believe that you are scared for your future and future of those that you love.
If you aren't questioning his mental health, then you are part of the problem.
why don't you answer your phones?I live in 78759.I call daily and rarely get through.I'm angry with you and you lack of respect
At least Franken is funny. Your guy? Not so much.
@daveweigel You should agree to debate @alfranken in public. You could do that, right? You're not Texas scared, are you?
You've done enough. Have you no sense of decency, at long last? Have you left no sense of decency? #ShameCornyn #TownHallNow
Why are you always so snarky?? Take the high road
@daveweigel So who r u talking about? R u talking about u and the rest of the Repubs? I'm curious.
Seriously you are jealous that he's funny and you are stodgy.What is your red line for this admin.? When do you think of legacy?
