Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov says President Donald Trump accepted Vladimir Putin's denial of interference in 2016 U.S. election

You know what @realDonaldTrump did the same day Jr, Manafort, Kushner met the Russian? He sent his 1ST tweet about Hillary's "33,000 emails" 

On Fox, Corey Lewandowski says Putin's firm denial ends the Russia story. 
Also, have you been paying attention AT ALL? Trump said just yesterday that maybe it wasn't Russia. Of course he accepts the Russian POV.
And you believe the president?
American free press r liars and not 2 B trusted 

American Intel agencies r liars & not 2B trust

Trust Russia 

Russia friend
Is this the action of a man who accepts Russia hacked our election?
Which would be worse?
Putin & I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking, & many other negative things, will be guarded..
Trump is forming a DC and Moscow cyber security team. We are now safe. We believe Russia  uz Trump says so and u never stood up
the Texans that voted for you, WE BELIEVED YOU WHEN YOU SAID GIVE US ALL 3 HOUSES!!! HOWS THAT REPEAL COMING ALONG? THOUGHT SO..
AHEM...
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election. He vehemently denied it. I've already given my opinion.....
And you believe Trump?
Do you? U r the ones giving Russia a pass.....good grief!
Has Trump denied it? Has Trump even had a news conference to tell his side of what was said?
Multiple sources claim that WH won't rebut Lavrov's statement that Trump accepted Putin's expl. Thus, must conclude Lavrov was accurate. OMG
Two liars in a room...who would you believe ?  I think not POTUS..he has always denied Russian involvement.  Where have you been?
You are halfway to the coming to the light on this post, Senator.  Keep going.
ENOUGH OF YOUR POLITICAL GAMES. OUR NATION IS LITERALLY UNDER ATTACK AND TRUMP IS WORKING WITH THEM. DO SOMETHING!
Again, Russia did not just hack voter rolls/DNC. They hacked:

*Pentagon (2015)
*State Dept (2014)…
Feel stupid yet?
(like me misspelling feel)
Aboard #AF1 neither Mnuchin nor McMaster deny @POTUS "accepted" (as Russian FM Lavrov said) Putin's denial of US elex cyber meddling.
Don't act like you don't, traitor
Trump is an anchor around your neck pulling you under. You're so besotted w/power and Koch $$$ you don't see it. But don't take USA down w/u
I certainly believe the president is stupid enough to take Putin for his word
Over Trump - absolutely!  Trump has said repeatedly said that Russian didn't interfere and has attacked our intelligence agencies. Traitor!
Given that Trump said, "Americans [not necessarily him] were concerned about" Russian hacking, Lavrov's statement was consistent
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @RepKevinBrady @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   Senator, Do you believe The Serial-Liar-In-Chief?
What's sad is the integrity of the President would ever come into question, but that happens when you lie, lie, and lie #countryoverparty
I believe the Russian foreign minister as much as I believe @realDonaldTrump.  So sad for the US that your head is buried in Trump sand.
First, this is a factual news report of a stmt. Second, no note taker, no record. Trump got played again. Russia can/will say what they want
Put aside election attack & ONLY CONSIDER FACT RUSSIA IS RIGHT NOW HACKING US NUCLEAR SITES - DID Trump ACT APPROPRIATELY in Putin meeting??
I don't trust Lavrov or Trump. Sad state of affairs for this country, but the President is not trustworthy at all.
tRump doesn't believe our own Intelligence Agencies! Yet you still support him.
The question most of us are asking is, why does Trump believe the Russian foreign minister over our intelligence?
Who does President believe is more useful to him personally, Putin or entire US Intelligence Community? https://twitter.com/mcfaul/status/883390261392429056 …
Trump is a traitor if he did.
YES! Just a day B4 Trump refutes US Intel Agencies & denies Putin/Russia involvement!  FACT IS TRUMP LIES!
The American people don't but apparently @POTUS does.
Trump said the American people had concerns about interference in elections. Trump didn't say that he had concerns. Russia won this one.
More than I believe trump his lying lackeys like you. The Republican Party bought and paid for by kochs and "christians" like GReen
You might want to give it 24 hours before doubling down so you can see what lying @realDonaldTrump tweets. Just sayin'.
Warned you about this yesterday. Trump believes Russia over US all day, every day.
Here's you, looking stupid for backing a dumb administration
fwiw, Mnuchin, McMaster, Cohn on AF1 declined to dispute Lavrov's & Putin's account multiple times https://twitter.com/majorcbs/status/883761067985444864 …
Donald took him for his word. Better listen to daddy, john!
Why didn't Trump NOT even bother to mention ANYTHING to Putin ABOUT HIS ATTACK OF OUR NUCLEAR SITES HAPPENING RIGHT NOW? NEVER MENTIONED????
Ok get over it. You lost. I know it hurts but time to move on.
If the president were a smaet@man he would have had additional people and a stanscription of the meeting - our POTUD lies all the time
Trump let Russia get away with election hacking by not holding them accountable for doing it! Why do you support Trump over America ?
Holy crap Senator...
Given the tweets of our President and his denial of things we all know are facts, sadly Lavrov might be more believable.
Is he contradicting anything our President - himself - has said?
You seem to believe  Russian operatives in the White House.
#FullRepeal 
Implying you don't? Conspiracy theorist!
Who are you asking? What's your opinion on Russian interference on election?
Why not? T45 trusts Lavrov, shouldn't you?
And you believe Trump #cowardcornyn? #PutinsPuppet #traitor #trumpuppet it will be a great day when you are out of office #coinoperated
When Trump turns around and partners up on cyber security with the very team who hacked the 2016 election, who am I supposed to believe?
Not any more than I believe his buddy tRUMP.
As long as we both agree that it would be outrageous *if* he did, I'll take that as a win.
That's the problem. Our POTUS has such a credibility problem that we don't believe either of them.
Nope.

So, when do you and @GOP  start taking this crap seriously.
Funny you don't! Since you find it easy to deny Russia interfered in our election
@SkyNewsBreak More than I would believe Trump. Trump lies all the time.
We cannot trust the president or the Russians. Or the legislative branch.
Hey John, have you written your defense of sanctions lifting and returning US-based spynests back to Putin? Not much time left!
I DON'T BELIEVE TRUMP OR TILLERSON.
And you believe our Russian president? Seriously! Reagan is rolling over in his grave.
and you believe Donald Trump?
GOP definitely does as there is no real charge to get to the truth on the hacking matter.  All lip service, no action. Pass the Senate bill!
Where were U when Thumper denied Russian involvement?  Party before country Maj Whip w/only personal purposes.
recent history suggests more validity with Russian FM than this WH #partyovercountry
And you believe Donald Trump? Seriously? The man lies EVERY DAMN DAY! What is wrong with you? Get a spine........
Is your team so technically inept that you don't understand what Meta data is, and who warren flood is, - Not Rocket science.
Are you all deaf? Putin denied & asked for proof. What more do you want? If Trump & Putin can work together, fantastic!
MOVE ON.....the focus needs to be working w/Russia where we can: Defeat ISIS, Stop N. Korea, End Syria wars. Trump won, period.
Waiting for YOU to speak abt Russian influence, attacks on freedom of press, healthcare. Tired of your snark if you don't speak out. When?
Well when our president LIES constantly, and as late as yesterday refused to say Russia interfered in the election... yes.
I heard his speech while in Poland/ Russia making efforts to find out if meddling took place. Obama's problem was telling the world all!
It absolutely sickens me that you are my Senator. More than you can imagine. A suck-up, morally bankrupt, partisan hack. So disgusting.
Transparency fosters belief.
No one believes our pres. Sad day for US.
He and Trump are equally credible. @DLeonhardt

We now see the problem with a president who is a pathological liar.  When it's his word versus even Putin's we don't know who to believe.
Let's see the tax returns.  Russian loans?
Damn sure don't believe you, Trump or Lying Ted!
And you believe Trump?
Situations like this are the reason why honesty is a virtue, @JohnCornyn. How are we supposed to trust any of you?
Could you give me an example of why you think trump is truthful?
Do YOU? #TrumpRussiaCollusion
You believe Donald Trump, 'nuff said!
However knowing Donald Trump it could be true. I just don't want to believe it.

Your move, @realDonaldTrump. Do you believe the loyal Americans of our intelligence agencies or Putin? You should clear this up now. https://twitter.com/ap/status/883381310173179905 …
@SkyNewsBreak and you believe Trump?
There was only three people. And no one there to check the translation. I suspect both statements.
He's easier to believe than our Great Orange Russian President...
@SkyNewsBreak certainly don't believe @POTUS, neither is credible hence the reason open and free press is needed.
Well it's consistent with what Trump has said himself so why shouldn't we believe it? 
And we are supposed to believe our own government with the liar-in-chief in charge?  You, sir, are a disgrace to Texas
You seem to since that's been your stance for months, that it was no big deal.  GOP has ignored this issue to its detriment.
So you're saying they did interfere? I thought you said they didn't.
My thoughts exactly.
I totally believe literally ANYONE over Trumpster, and you
