Searing heat? Think it might be time to deal with climate change?  TX counties could see losses of 10-20% of GDP!
I'm surprised you even care. Oh, wait...
And you are for policies to make it hotter?
Guys, what Dr. Solutions is saying is solar & wind are totally unreliable for growing A/C demands. What is reliable is #coal, oil & tax cuts
Have Texas sign #ParisAgreement, with over 330 mayors who already signed. Support #scientists and #epa. Stand up against climate change.
#ClimateChange
Too bad a scientific concept can't explain this. It's such a mystery! #sarcasm
Perhaps consider climate change is real and Texas will get hotter. Make policy real changes for our only option - Planet Earth.
And dismantling the EPA is devastating the world......stellar work Johnny!
Seems that "Crooked John" has teamed with "Good hair Perry" to try and restart coal fired power plants in Texas. Kiss my ass JohnRick!
Repeal first!  We conservatives want an end to Obamacare. Repeal it and move on to tax reform.  Worry about replace later!
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @RepKevinBrady   We can always use hot air from D.C. to make up the difference.  Ready to do your part?
At times in the winter, wind power supplies 40-50% of Texas electricity.  Four times California.
Your GOP so you don't support wind power, you hate science and don't believe in global warming so what are you whining about
You might want to compare that to this in @houstonchron  "High winds on hot days could help lower electric bills" : http://www.houstonchronicle.com/business/article/High-winds-on-hot-days-could-help-lower-electric-11266769.php?t=3eb3117cb0 …
And you are helping to make sure it will get even worse, supporting your climate change-denying president. #WorthlessSycophant
Well big John, that's called climate change. Texas leads and wind energy and we need to keep it that way.
Leads in wind energy.
On the plus side, Solar is having a great day.
Does not hurt solar panels
It is not touching Black Gold!
Did you even read the article? Texas wind power is awesome, we just need more of it to keep up with the demand. Not oil, gas, and coal.
Interesting.. what's causing it, I wonder?
Lol. How lost does he have to be to tweet this?
http://digital.olivesoftware.com/Olive/ODN/HoustonChronicle/shared/ShowArticle.aspx?doc=HHC%2F2017%2F07%2F06&entity=Ar02103&sk=D0926220&mode=text …
Did you read the article? It says the these conditions are favorable to wind generation on the coast. Also, climate change much?
Ya climate change is a thing huh? Who knew? Oh ya.. like over 90% of Real Scientists that's who. You make me tired.
Deflection John.When are the town hall meetings about healthcare? Why are you avoiding meeting us fave to face?You afraid we will take yours
So we shouldn't have alternative sources because of challenges?
Not as much as what YOU plan to with your BCRA ! You're supposed to HELP Texans, but your GREED is allowing millions to die! #SaveOurCare
John...
Seriously!
Why are you tweeting Bloomberg instead of @BreitbartTexas ?  Have you talked to Gov @GovAbbott about protecting the Texas electrical grid?
Do you ever think for yourself or just regurgitate what your Koch filled bank account says? #YouAreTheSwamp
Yep, but climate change is no big deal, right? A mix of wind and solar is the key.
Gee. I wonder what could be causing that
Hey Corny! Global Warming is going to hurt a whole lot more than Texas business if something isn't done to stem the tide...
What are you saying, that as earth warms we have to use more  fossil fuel?
Point of article isn't heat, it's the location of high pressure.
Better burn some of that clean coal Honeysuckle Lenin keeps going on about then.
@indivisibleHOU DJT doesn't think climate change's real, remember? Let's discuss during a town hall. Oh wait...that's only 4 a democracy.
PUT YOUR COUNTRY BEFORE YOUR DESTRUCTIVE PARTY!!!! #25thAmendmentNow
Too bad we can't harness trump's blowhard comments to generate wind. Be happy to discuss energy, healthcare, or whatever at ATX town hall.
Did you read the article?
- Climate change perhaps? 
Nothing the like searing Texas sun for solar power!  #Environment #Renewableenergy
So...Use wind when its at its best, build more wind farms near coast, more solar. Still better than fracking, fossil-fu
Maybe it wouldn't be so damn hot if we had built wind turbines 20 years ago. Keep putting out CO2 into the atmosphere!
Change the picture- support the basic science & reality of climate change, its man-made nature, or the probability of it, and do it now!
So use polluting petroleum energy instead of clean solar?  M-Kay
Climate change is real and we need to find environmentally friendly solutions.
You really just set yourself up for this one #climatechange
Those unsightly monstrosities need to go anyway.
But global warming is not true so how could this be true. This is what our current government would have us believe. #fools
2 of 2 Power strategy is a blend- base load, peak, $/MWH, and diversity. Only a political ideologue would blindly pursue 1 generation type.
Climate change affects so much, including the economy, jobs, energy, and quality of life.
The Koch brothers do not allow Global Warming or any kind of  science. Got to keep those 6 figure checks coming
So maybe use solar?
Did u go to Trump U?
Let's put a price on carbon. Read on #CarbonDividend from @TheCLCouncil or @citizensclimate - this heat is also bad for the people: Texans
You're gloating about this? Wow! My electricity @ home is 100% wind, costs the same as polluting kind & I feel good abt helping environment
It's God's will.
1.Still think climate change is a Chinese hoax? 2. Wind Power on TX coast could benefit. 3rd. Gas spins up cheaper & faster than coal.
Did you hear about how California's solar energy is overloading its grid? Can you imagine--someday there might be TOO MUCH RENEWABLE ENERGY?
Here's the article:
Better get back to coal!
Why aren't you calling out the admin for denying climate change then? Were you paid well to ignore science? #RepealAndReplaceCornyn
Yes, we know you hate progress and will do anything to avoid pissing off your oil, gas, and coal benefactors. WE GET IT!
Loosening EPA death grip means we can all relax and let fossil fuel industry help bake us into delicious #MAGMA filled galactic cake ball
Scott Pruitt is dismantling the EPA's council of peer review by climate scientists. We're on the verge of irreversible damage to our planet.
So maybe we shouldn't be debating the scientific fact that manmade climate change is a real thing and actually try to do something about it

Your tweet made me chuckle at the irony of it all. Thanks, I needed that. We need new leadership.
Would be PERFECT for solar power!!!!   Get away from fossil fuels!! @MarkRuffalo
This announcement from our elected official was bought and paid for by BIG OIL. GEE I wonder what your angle is Senator #trickyJohnny
Wind Power co-ops not donating enough to your campaign?
Well I'd love to hear your thoughts on #globalwarming at your next #TownHall. When will that be again?
so, laughing off climate change is just fun, right?
Priceless, @JohnCornyn hypocrisy is limitless...
Dump the windmills. Stop Tilting. Stop subsidies on windmills. Get these Windmills off TX highways. @TexasHouse @TexasSenateGOP @SenTedCruz
Judging from the responses with reference to #globalwarming, I'm guessing this tweet didn't land the way you wanted. #TownHall now please.
Burn more oil and let's get the planet warmer.  That will solve the problem.
Sure is a good thing, huh, Senator, that the whole man-made climate change is a Chinese hoax, right?
So drill baby drill, and dig coal! Yeeee haww!!!
<sigh> Texas is only going to get hotter. How do you plan to help us?
Also this....
Yeah, thanks to global warming. That doesn't exist, right?
So you are admitting that climate change is real? Great! Looking forward to your plan on combatting climate change, Senator.
Are you admitting to man-made climate change? Do you understand how backwards-thinking fossil fuels are now?
Texas needs leaders who understand Climate Science. @electcrowe is coming for Lamar Smith in 2018, & Texans will replace you in 2020.
Instead we have leaders who tweet headlines.
What are you going to do about it Senator, burn more coal? #ClimateChangeIsReal #VoteOutTheIncumbent #Vote2020
If only our legislators didn't support withdrawing from the most comprehensive global climate agreement to date...
I mean absolutely it wouldn't fix everything tomorrow but good god, @JohnCornyn the free market has failed to address this adequately
Have way more sun than wind. Maybe we need more solar farms.
Well you're a doctor when it comes to healthcare, why do you think it's so damn hot scientist?
Hmm, could it be #ClimateChangeIsReal? Maybe if we reduce greenhouse gas emissions we can keep it from getting worse.
Oh the irony. Not going to get better unless we do something about a warming climate.
Consider solar.
