So better for them to have no healthcare? How about making it more affordable or instead of tax break for rich work on increasing wages.
I get what you're saying about increasing minimum-wage but you're wrong before I retired I hired hundreds of people at different times I never paid minimum-wage if they were worth only minimum-wage I did not hire them some people are not worth minimum-wage that's the simple fact
I know this goes completely against liberal thinking but how does a liberal justify paying someone who can get nothing done and routinely ignores instructions
I hire engineers so don’t deal with minimum wage hiring. I do know that many  people that I encounter in minimum wage jobs work way harder than a lot of executives. Wage discrepancy is pure greed, lower taxes will not mean higher wages.
Trying to say this as nice as I can but if you have not hired and worked with minimum-wage people every day of your life you don't have any idea what you're talking about
Here is an example of the people who call minimum wage workers lazy. People that hire them and then don’t pay.
I wouldn't know. I've never hired anyone at minimum wage but I know there's a lot of 12 $14 people that are not worth minimum wage and I have never not paid anywone i'm sorry that you are living in liberal Lala land
Rino , keep your promises or resign NOW
Yeah, like y'all care. Texas refused the Medicaid money in the beginning but had the Graham bill passed .... WTF?  Y'all suck
Instead of improving Obamacare John Cornyn wants to see people suffer just to prove Trumpa point. Thats what type of guy John is
Thats obvious...we are FORCED to support failing insurance companies; the "tax" costs more than basic coverage
The real story is that people don’t know how to take exemptions on their tax return. And that we need #Medicare4All
Then you fucking pay for it
Stick to the party line however stupid it is!!
The young pay for the old and the well help pay for the sick.Unless its Repu. Then the burden falls on the Ones who can least afford it.
I am one, and you put that out there as if you give a shit? So what's your real agenda?
What I'm saying is that's not the full story. You bank on the general public being idiots and not seeing where you play a big part in this.
Because guys like you messed it up. Low income families should be on Medicaid and you could've fix the subsidy gap but chose not to.
YES!!!  Not expanding Medicaid was bad for TEXANS
Paying the penalty by CHOICE.  They chose not to have insurance.
Ppl pay penalty bc it's way cheaper than a premium thats as high as rent on limited income in a Rep. state where Medicaid didn't expand.
The subsidies are generous for those in need.  Check it out.
Not "generous" enough 4 many families Ive met who make too much $ for Medicaid yet not enough for ACA premiums. NO1 should fall thru cracks!
Medicare for all!
If they can't afford it now, I can't wait to see what you all offer, eyeroll, you are killing Americans. #singlepayernow
Sounds like a good reason for single payer to me!
This is a lie Mr. Cornyn! Stop lying Mr. Cornyn it is beneath your office and the State of Texas.  Again stop lying!
“@JohnCornyn: Majority of Households Paying Obamacare Penalty Are Low and Middle-Income http://freebeacon.com/issues/majority-households-paying-obamacare-penalty-low-middle-income/ …” that's why single payer!
Yes, because Abbot would not accept the part of the ACA that covered the lowest income people.  Republicans care about money not people. $$$
That was before Abbott's time. Perry refused to expand Medicaid. Oh, and Republicans want you to make your own decisions about how you spend
People with common sense want health care for all! Abbott ext. Perry's policy. Why would any decent person want some to have no health care?
Healthcare has always been available to everyone through hospital's emergency rooms. Not best way, but available.
Many are willing to pay more in taxes so that all are covered. We are going to pay one way or another, I would rather do it up front.
Quit trying to sabotage the ACA.
You often (always?) post articles that tell half of a story with the deliberate intent to obscure the truth. It makes me not respect you.
I already don’t respect him.
This whole healthcare system is a joke! Get things done! We don't pay you 6 figures to sit around and bicker!
http://John.How  can you live so long and have your knowledge be so short? Don't you you know how insurance works?
They are not paying squat....they are like ticks from Mexico n other countries living off taxpayers....Welfare Reform will fix blood sucking Dem ticks....
if not poor wouldn’t need subsidy. Which Texas didn’t allow. Repug fault.
Yeah, thanks for turning down Medicaid. I had ACA in 2014 and was happy with it, but she since you made it more expensive, I pay penalty.
Yet YOU have failed to offer a viable solution. Don't complain unless you have some sort of solution.
When it comes 2 helping poor & middle class, GOP has NO solution! They are NOT interested in helping anyone but the rich!
Agreed. It's a disgusting waste of out tax dollars.
And you put them there.  How many low income children will lose healthcare because you and complicit #GOP?
Then fix it
is this really the sort of tripe you read?  no wonder you're so ill-informed...
So, we WANT to help the poor, or. . .
the majority of households benefitting from the ACA are low and middle income
Why haven't you done something about it? #sevenyears
Work with democrats, and the people the legislation affects, to fix it.
Killing chips, Medicaid, defunding planned parenthood,  and sabotaging healthcare is not the answer.
Because of republican actions to harm the law and people as a result. #liarcornyn
Wonder if that has anything to do with certain states refusing to expand Medicaid...
HAHAHAHAHA... Free Beacon as your source? Ranks right down there with Fox, Breitbart, Infowars, and their ilk.
So fix it and stop trying to take even more away from low-income and middle class
#MedicareForAll #WorldMentalHealthDay #ImpeachTrump
Another completely unhelpful tweet. Help Texans. Expand Medicaid, fund CHIP. Join w Dems to fix issues with ACA.
Fix it MF!
Should have already been repealed and replaced. Shameful.
Stop acting like you care about low & middle income families. If you did you wouldn’t sell US out to big oil, NRA, & big pharma.
Higher paying jobs require health care benefits to be competitive. Shore up the exchanges to make ins affordable for lower wage jobs!
Please,  quit trying to deconstruct a system that people need.  You have the power to help your constituents, be constructive.
That source has a conservative bias, John.   Try using something unbiased.....congressional budget office or tax policy center for example!
Like so many in this thread have said, you only criticize never offer real solutions. Sad that you call this leadership.
Bipartisan improvement of ACA. You can do it
STOP TRUMP FROM STRANGLING OBAMACARE.  THE BLOOD OF TEXANS ARE ON YOUR HANDS YOU COWARD.  STAND UP FOR ONCE AND SHOW US YOU HAVE INTEGRETY.  HEALTHCARE IS NOT A POLITICAL BARGAINING TOOL
So how are you going to resolve this?  We all agree the current system is flawed & expect our leaders to act to IMPROVE it.  Get to it.
Gosh why don't they just sign up for Medicaid since it was expanded expressly to cover folks like this?
Oh, right. Texas Repugs like @JohnCornyn didn't give a crap about them, or about stabilizing the insurance market in TX. #ACASabotage
And your solution is to let the insurers price them out and not pay the penalty. Not a good idea. Get to the root, single payer will work.
Because states like Texas opted out of the gap-filling Medicaid expansion. Tell the truth. They're hurt by your selfish greed.
There you go again...no effort to improve ACA only sabotage and obstruction.  Make changes to lower cost not take away ins from millions
So let's take health insurance away from ALL low and middle income Americans.  C'mon john.  Really bad idea from your Koch team.
Healthsharing Ministries are an excellent alternative to a broken Healthcare System for many like-minded, health conscious Americans

.@HouseGOP, be honest with the American people. Your tax plan is a big, fat tax cut for the already well-off: http://bit.ly/2y5sfXm  
So, they get refunds it is taken from that. Others can afford it. GOP needs to control the Moron.  77015
If they don't buy insurance, their "insurance" is the ER and the bill is paid by us through higher prices. Why NOT penalize them?
Probably because the vast majority of households are middle and low income
Stop calling it Obamacare - start calling it CornynCare, since you’ve spent 8 yrs trying to replace it, failed. You broke it, you own it.
and how are YOU gonna make it better? not worse?
Then work with Demos to improve ACA which is what majority American want.Stop be the problem be the SOLUTION.
You think??  How much are you paying???
Rs promised repeal/replace for 7yrs & failed-then Trump cut ACA ad budget by 90% so folks who'd get free coverage wont hear about enrollment
Duh. Because high income households have employers who pay for insurance.
So fix the system. Your Fuhrer and party keep trying to take away insurance from these same ppl and more. Do you have an opinion om anything
No, he only follows orders & toes the party line because he is a MASSIVE COWARD and an embarrassment to TX #votecornynout #ImpeachTrump
Dear John, 

What's your solution to this? Oops, you don't have one. Get off twitter and do some real work!

Sincerely,
Your Constituents
Which one of your offices do I send the bills I'm getting because I can't afford health care?
I think it's bad publicity for you to stand in any photo or news feed with McConnell. Re-Election I hope not!
I think the U.S. Sen. should pay the penalty since they didn't get this done. Shame on you Sen. Cornyn!

ACA sabotage. Documented and analyzed.

And tellingly not denied by anyone in the Administration to my knowledge.

…
The Government does not have the Right to Fine anyone. Aren't you buy working for Illegal's to even care about Legal Americans. URTHESWAMP
Yet more selective information and moral bankruptcy from AN OLD RICH WHITE GUY WITH NO CONSTRUCTIVE INPUT TO OFFER
Then use your skills to fix that issue. Don't throw the baby out with the bath water.
Skills?  Surely you jest.
Stop your nonsense I see you are telling people to vote against their best interest fix it don't just tell how you can break it
Majority wish your party would smell the roses and dump Trump. Compulsive Liar
8 years to come up with something better. Good job butter cup smfh
& how many would find insurance affordable under ANY of the bills y'all put forth?
If Republican States like Texas had expanded Medicaid instead of sabotaging ACA things would have been MUCH BETTER FOR LOW INCOME PEOPLE. #DOYOURJOB
Fab is right on 2 counts 1) your sabotage 2) do your job for all citizens.
You are the Whip, why didn’t you get something passed?
What does that tell you about for-profit health insurance?
I hope you’re listening to these responses.  Medicare for all, a healthcare system that includes all and does not penalize the lower income.
I guarantee he's not listening to us. The opinions of citizens don't matter to him. The only thing that matters to him is donor $$$$.
Best argument yet for a better system like the rest of the civilized world has.
And you tried to prevent that by.................?
Bless your heart.
Like Texas...read this again John. This speaks to you, Greg, and Rafael...
I'm going to guess they also live in states that chose not to expand Medicaid in order to sabotage the ACA.
Your idea of Healthcare is only my wife and I  deserve healthcare and My 1 prcent donors The rest of you can do with out
Scare tactics. Pathetic.
Free Beacon? Really?
not allowing 1332 waiver to Iowa, Iowans are going to find out about that gem too.
And how many of those are in states that selfishly didn’t expand Medicaid?
Just what lower and middle income America needed-penalties with no health care!
Dem's, Repub's AND RHINOS stop playing games & repeal obumercare!!
threatening CSR payments are hurting YOUR constiuents, think about it, they will find out, too.
Paying the penalty vs premiums ppl can't afford is DISGUSTING! Come on POTUS get EO 2 help on insurance!!
you’re terrible

The FY18 Budget gives $1.5TRIL in tax cuts to the richest Americans. It cuts about the same from Medicaid & Medicare. Whose side are you on? 
John, In Texas, have met you. Please work with Trump Admin as team on getting health care done & over. God bless.

The Top 1% get nearly 80% of the Trump tax cuts.  Top .1% get nearly 40% of the cuts. This is absurd. 
When we vote you out of office, maybe you can get a job as a headline writer at one of your favored right-wing rags. #CornynOut
We could just have an option to buy into Medicare.
You know, those of us who have Medicare, pay for it each month.  This year it will be about $180. So it isn’t free, but it is good.
I paid $20k last year between premiums and my 2 girls. How can we keep on living like this?
Then fix it for them without them having to lose coverage. You just don’t get it. Texas deserves better than Cornyn or GOP policies.

Many are doing it as protest  they could afford insurance choose not as form of sticking it to obama #stupid
Covfefe
I maintain; career politicians only grow govt. DJT upset comfy nests...easy money, corrupt power. Integrity zero! Need term limits big time!
Trump tried, 4 stupid republicans and the entire demo-rat commies REFUSED it.  Now let it die a slow, painful death.  #1 WALL, DEPORT ILLEG.
Bitter much?
Last but not least .... repubs never intended to repeal Obamacare.. it’s evident.. all 3 branches & fake R’s do nothing. DJT outworks all !!
True. But gutting ACA funding, Medicaid thru tax reform isn’t answer. Stop trying to  taking healthcare from the sick, indigent, poor.
Republicans never wanted programs that help people. Right?? You never wanted Soc Sec, Medicare, Medicaid or healthcare. That's the truth.
Stop it. Stop pretending you care about people. You are a Trump man, defending him to the end. He is ripping this country apart. Dark times.

Not 2mention, Obama was driven to complete “redistribution of wealth” ! He had an ax 2 grind. Alinsky tactic..control healthcare control ppl
It will be much better when the Repugs redistribute ALL the wealth upward. Let the 99% eat dirt.
http://money.cnn.com/2017/06/26/news/economy/senate-health-care-bill-rich/index.html …
https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/02/16/upshot/republican-health-proposal-would-redirect-money-from-poor-to-rich.html?referer=http://r.search.yahoo.com/_ylt=A0LEVip_r9xZIN8ArvA3nIlQ;_ylu=X3oDMTBya3R2ZmV1BHNlYwNzcgRwb3MDNARjb2xvA2JmMQR2dGlkAw--/RV=2/RE=1507663872/RO=10/RU=https%3a%2f%2fwww.nytimes.com%2f2017%2f02%2f16%2fupshot%2frepublican-health-proposal-would-redirect-money-from-poor-to-rich.html/RK=1/RS=Pec_maAUJJgTNNlFtrPrv2SuUZA …-
This healthcare thing for uninsured could hv been fixed w/o hurting the already insured.  Honesty not a factor in govt.  it’s a shame.

If catering to bureaucrats & lobbyists wasn’t front & center we wouldn’t b in this mess! It’s really not difficult but u all live 4 $$$

I’m one of them but I’d rather help the poor than the rich senator.

Because its the cheapest option. The insurance premiums and deductibles are unrealistic.
How many of those households are in states that refused the Medicaid expansion?
Yes, like Texas.  John is a one trick Senator, he votes party never people.
Duh
Please, no more about healthcare. Maybe Trump can help as POTUS. You guys blew it
Yep, because selfish GOP governors like your buddy Abbott refused to expand Medicaid to torpedo the system. No concern for those people then
Now let's not forget who let 9 million kids lose insurance.
And who proposed multiple plans that completely screwed the most vulnerable for wealthy tax breaks.
How did any proposal you supported improve that?
Excellent question. Maybe if #CowardlyCornyn would #HoldTownhall with constituents we could have an honest conversation.
Thanks #GOP sabotage!
Fact Checker:  President Trump has made 1,318 false or misleading claims over 263 days
That's bigly!
That is right Sen Cornyn we are paying Obamacare penalty! Dems gave IRS authority to steal our money AND @SenateGOP are too lame to repeal!
You're freeloading off of honest taxpayers who end up footing the ER bills for folks like you. You should pay a penalty.
I don't freeload idiot I pay directly to hospital & doctor! Dont believe in paying for insurance & have very high deductibles! I am taxpayer
And live where states have killed Medicaid?  You need to go
I thought Trump rescinded the Obamacare penalty early this year.
S. 1804 eliminates the tax penalty for lack of coverage by guaranteeing coverage to all.
So your answer is to make sure the 1% gets a huge tax cut by cutting other government services/programs. That's a special kind of tone deaf.
Imagine what would have happened if states had expanded Medicaid and set up marketplaces and we had an admin not trying to blow it up.
Our marketplace starts at 900 per month (couple) with a 13K deductible. ACA is junk insurance sold as reform.
If u cared about the poor u  would have brought CHIP renewal up 4 a vote, Senator
Senator Cornyn continues to spread the falsehood that ppl r poor because they choose 2 b.
#trumprussia #trumpnazi #donnydaycare
Uh. Yes. That’s the largest population & Need Healthcare! The Rich are smaller numbers.  #Duh
I'm going to guess they also live in states that chose not to expand Medicaid in order to sabotage the ACA.
Yeah. Like Texas, where gerrymandering is an art form and safe-seat lunatics like Corny Cornyn know they don't have to give a shit.

First tweet of the AM is a dig at Obamacare. What about Texas Tech, sir?
