At the cost of 22 million more uninsured, thanks but no thanks
You've only had 8 years of this crap.  Reminds me of a dancing chicken
GOP=Greed Over People
@JohnCornyn Spend $$ on #HealthCareForAll 
No more WARS #StopEndlessWars!
@GOPHELP #HealthcareNotWealthcare #SaveACA
2/2 that is a luxury. Until someone you loves loses their job, reaches lifetime maxes on treatments, or worse, u will never know
On the backs of elderly and kids. That's not my America! Maybe instead curtail Trump's golf trips?
hmm, by killing off 22 million souls. Your constituents say vote NO! #CASTRO2020 Your days are numbered
#1/2 I know that for you & many of your supporters, the resistance against your SHCB is confusing & easily named & dismissed...
But what about this statement. Do you stand by it?  
Nobody knows how much I despise Cornyn
You and me both. He's terrible.
That's good!!!!!!
How did you spend your payoff from insurance companies and big pharma, John?  See you in the voting booth, you pile of .
Can we rename this tax cut to something that more accurately reflects what it is like..."Wealthcare" or the "Billionaire Bailout Bill"?
Increase premiums on the middle class yet brother Chaffetz lobbies for $30/K yr housing allowance.  Rich get richer...and the band plays on
Wow, shocker Senator! you uninsure a large portion of the population and add all sorts of exclusions and costs go down... duh!
Keep your promise, John. You said you were "closing the door and Trumpcare must be this week." now it's not, so time to scrap it.
And kill how many people?
Who pays for people without insurance? US taxpayers will be footing the bill no matter how it's sliced.Let's err with universal healthcare.
By taking it away from the middle class and poor
But wait, according to you, the CBO is habitually wrong. But not this time...right?
What Christian takes basic healthcare away from the poor and most vulnerable amongst us???
Bull":!!  You lie.  Ripping off poor for tax cuts for your cronies.  Disgusting.
And reduce the number of Americans when they die! You must be so proud!
Quick question: what does it do to the actual humans though? Kill the poor and make the rich richer?
Oh, and you're right. Killing millions would save money. Hope the good Attorneys General decide your actions cross into negligent homicide.
CBO:  23 MILLION lose healthcare, 15 million in 2018.  Every medical group opposes.  GOP healthcare = Deathcare  #KillTheBill
Whoooopeeee! Now you can pay for half of what the Armed Services panel requested for just one year by gutting medicaid.
You can save a lot of money when instead of treating the sickest they just die. SMH
HMM, just about exactly the amount they need for the tax cuts for the wealthy! in this "wealthcare" disaster. So glad it's dead.
That's great and all but what does it actually do for idk our healthcare?
And reduce the population by 3 million?
Wow. You know what else? Disco record sales were through the roof in 1977!!!! Wait, what happens when we add context?
24 years. That's how long I spent patching together healthcare for my chronically ill child. #ACA saved her life. This is life or death.
And cause millions to lose coverage. It's a failure. 21st Century....all Americans should have coverage....not tax breaks for the rich
Reducing deficit puts burden on middleclass, catastrophically ill children, elderly & poor & pays wealthy. Do u think u r an honorable man?
"CBO record of prediction is invariably wrong" - John Cornyn
Hahaha!! Still acting like you are "fiscally conservative"?!  You're hilarious, Johnny-boy.
That's super. So if I kill off a few of my kids, I can save on my overall spending for the year. Wow! More $$$ for me and my fav ones.
Every penny which will be given to the 1% in the form of tax breaks
And 22 million people will lose coverage. Or would you rather argue the CBO isn't reliable? Which is it?
30 billion a year. BIG FUCKING DEAL. YOURE GOING TO APPROVE 50+ Billion more in defense spending.
(Aside from the immorality of killing around 20,000 more Americans to save 30 billion dollars)
dead people who owe less money are still dead people. #Wealthcare
You could also reduce the deficit by not giving tax cuts to your rich friends.
And reduce coverage to 50 mil people

Democrats will not be happy until they force universal healthcare on all of us.
Funny how you agree with CBO score when it says what you want but discount it when it doesn't.  John your hypocrisy is remarkable!
At the cost of millions of insureds.  Talk about the impact on people, not just the dollars for your rich donors.
Youve spent 13 Trillion (and counting) on a plane that doesn't work but yeah, lets make health unaffordable for 22 million people for that
I've said this before John, but you sound like the kid on the playground that just beat up the poorest kid in school for his lunch money.

60 year old Texas constituent here John, won't ever be voting for you again, nor ANY of my friends either. #TrumpCareFail
And give $700+ billion to the wealthiest Americans.
At what real costs?
Be careful @JohnCornyn, if you kill all the poor people who will be left to serve you?
Please, Senator. Show us how this bill helps the middle class.

Thank you.
Tell the truth!
Maybe don't give the top 1% a tax break at all & pay down the debt since that was another campaign goal that has fallen away.
Does that include the tax cut for the super rich?
& money is what it's all about? Here's the difference-people are ensouled, created in the image & likeness of God, worthy. Money is not.
It will make the rich richer and hurt hard working Americans. Deplorable
Why should a healthcare bill reduce deficit rather than reducing illness and death? #realquestion #VoteNoAHCA #resist
Because when you take away benefits from folks, it frees up a whole bunch of money for tax cuts on the wealthy.
At the cost of how many lives?  #KillTheBill #Wealthcare
By letting people die.  Savings!
Where does that money come from? Who are you taking it away from?
Wait a minute... I thought the CBO score was something you couldn't depend on & is "invariably wrong" per you yday. So which is it Senator?
By destroying American lives. Cornyn is party and Koch Brothers over country

CBO is known to be useless! No matter how you try to sell it, we don't want it! Full REPEAL OR NOTHING!
That's what you took from the report? Talk about rose colored glasses. #NationalSunglassesDay
At a cost of 22 million lives.  No big deal.  #VoteNoACHA #WorseCare #Vote2020
But this is based on CBO predictions. You said in your previous tweet that the CBO is always wrong.
while people DIE. Rich people only care about getting richer and themselves.
Paranoia, delusional, schizophrenia all signs of a major Koch addiction. Get help John. #NoBCRA #CanCornyn20
Don't forget the hidden costs of denying preventive care to 22 million people. They'll get sick eventually. It adds up.
So would raising taxes for the extremely wealthy, but then you wouldn't be invited to Koch retreats anymore.
How much do you stand to make from a "yes" vote?  Please tell us about the part in the Bible that says the sick must fend for themselves..
Repeal Obama care. Crash and burn it and blame the Democrats. Turn healthcare over to the free market. It cost less!
On the backs of 22 million people
At the expense of the American people. Try again.
It's a Loser bill and non-starter when it throws 22 million more Americans out of healthcare!!! 
How much will it put in the pockets of the people you report to, your rich campaign donors?
Welcome to "all we care about are bucks" America. Forget about the tired, poor, huddled masses.
Sure, because we don't have to pay for health care for dead children and the elderly who rely on Medicaid.
Reducing the deficit isn't the end-all-be-all; that's not even the point of this bill. It's to provide health care in case you didn't know.
You're cherry picking the 1 good thing the CBO said about it. The rest was very bad. We can all read.
But screw the american people instead. #MakeAmericaLookDumbagain #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP  #JOKE #fakecongress
Idea:  Spend less on military, more on healthcare, infrastructure and education.
Make sure you send a card to the family of those who die from this bill. On the inside you can write "Thanks for helping reduce the deficit"
Raise my taxes to pay for it, don't take away healthcare from millions.
This bill isn't just $s on spreadsheets. People's lives are at stake, including people who voted for you. Pay attention, sir.
Do the math for us, @JohnCornyn. Divide that $ by the # of people who will die under #WealthCare and tell us what an American life is worth.
By cutting Medicaid/Medicare spending. Have you looked at Kansas lately?
And increase deaths of Americans by a gazillion %

hey Corny, how about a #TownHall ?
That was you take away?  Also, look at you cited sources again.
cites the freebacon. oy shit!
As if this was the only metric that matters...
So what? You're planning to redistribute the profits to your shareholders later. We all know the game you're playing.
Don't care-it will reduce revenue too! No increases in H/c, no Trumpcare! Don't raise my rates, and freeze out my kids from h/c!
Savings entirely achieved by shifting the burdens from rich on to those who can't afford it and who'll get medically induced bankruptcies
13 hours ago you tweeted how the CBO is always wrong....so which one is it?
Cornyn is going to polish this turd as hard as he can.
Be sure to thank every person kicked off Medicaid for that.The poor are doing what you're too gutless to do, debt reduction. #TrumpcareSucks
*by punishing poor people.

Btw, how many lose their insurance again? Maybe you can use those savings to get then back on their insurance.
Sure, once all the sick and elderly people die off, we won't need to subsidize them.  Right, Johnny?
John you may be the worst twitter user I've ever seen.  Nobody cares about the deficit when you're taking away their healthcare. Nobody.
Dear John Cornyn,
GOP=Greed Over People
#CBOReport #HealthcareBill 
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/amp/cbo-report-complicates-gop-support-health-care-bill-n776981 …
Yes, and leave millions uninsured. Proud of that are you?
So we should accept THIS figure from the CBO but NOT the numbers that talk about those cut from insurance?
If we didn't have a government we would save a lot of money, but those pesky little people require spending.
No maternity benefits? So cruel to women. But men's sperm create pregnancies, did you forget?
It's amazing how much money is saved when you kill off the poor, sick, disabled, & elderly. And you get a tax break.
Tax savings for no health care.  Goals.
If you actually gave a shit, you wouldn't be spending over 500B on tax cuts for the wealthy
While taking $700 MILLION away from Medicaid and giving $400 MILLION to your rich friends! #GOPtruecolors
You JUST tweeted yesterday CBO predictions are invariably wrong. Which is it senator? Do you have short term memory loss?
He's a lawyer.
Just wondering. Of the 22 million you're trying to kick off insurance, how many do you think will die?
By knocking 22 million people off the rolls and limiting the protection of those still covered. Interesting what you call a win.
Trumpcare offers a $33 billion tax cut for the richest 400 families,paid for by eliminating Medicaid expansion for 725,000.
John don't let a yes vote come back to haunt you. Signed constituent
Meanwhile people will die, greed is not what God wants from us. You really suck as a person, you will be judged by God.
and many will die.
- Would be a good thing BUT FOR the issue of millions losing HC & deficit reduction at the expense of the least among us.
Stop!! This propaganda you are spewing in order to appease your wealthy donors is not going to work. Unbelievably shameful.
How much money will the wealthy get in tax relief? How many will be uninsured?  How many will be affected by lifetime caps and lose Medicaid
But we got money to go to war with North Korea ,Iran and who ever your pesident starts a fight with daily
But people will die without HC!!! Stop spending so much money terrorizing the Middle East to save money.  Support Life, not death & War!!!
stop hurting us
are you on staff at Free Beacon? They seem to be the only news outlet you're reading. Broaden your outlets.
-Can't get taxes from dead people.
But at what cost to sick Americans and their families?
Another BCRA vote bites the dust: Susan Collins confirms she will vote to block GOP health care bill
Cutting fraud, waste and frivolity in healthcare as well as federal government will as well. Try that instead of killing people, FOOL.
And how much will it reduce the population of America?
At the expense of 22M Americans, you seem joyful to hand money to the rich and destroy the poor. Is this a display of Christian values?
Next you'll be touting that Morticians love the Senate Deathcare Bill...
That 'freedom of choice' costs everyone in the price of uncompensated care hospitals raise rates to compensate. Your bill is barbaric
And leave 22 million people w/out insurance. But boy do we need new weapons
Now you're worried about deficits. Where's a federal budget bill? GOP & no budget bill for how many years. CR means you refuse 2 work.
at what cost? These are people's lives.
This bill should be called what it is - A Tax Bill for the Wealthy,  There is no HEALTH or CARE in this bill. @TX21Indivisible #ACHA
Guess that's what happens when you kick 22 million off insurance. Wonder how much more we'd save if the wealthiest didn't get a tax break
But the CBO is invariably wrong, isn't it?
You mean the deficit that the endless war, bailouts and your party created? Bless ur heart.
@JohnCornyn @SenateGOP #DeathCare increase uninsured 40mm & allows states to eliminate essential coverage #VoteThemOut #NoAHCA #DeathParty
the cost of 22M lives? Does that make it ok to abandon millions of Americans? Deficit got so bad from 2 unpaid wars, you want to add bodies
The Tax bill, at the cost of the health of women, children, the elderly, the disabled, the undiagnosed, the yet to be diagnosed, vets.....
While st the same time, reducing the population of those pesky, sick Americans

Free Beacon.....seriously? Man ur tweets r getting more and more desperate!
Because it's a tax bill. Not a healthcare bill.
Exactly and the fact that they would be proud of that is ridiculous
There's other ways to help the deficit, but I guess it's easier when you kill 22 mill of their healthcare. Money before lives is your Motto
Didn't you just say that the CBO is invariably wrong? #FlipFlop
Wonder what Cruz will do now, his deal was bring down premiums. CBO claims they will come down. Will Ted get on board?
You're only source is a well-known conservative publication?
Reprehensible Republicans. Greedy millionaires. Unpatriotic and unAmerican.
Remember when you said this, yesterday?? I enjoy you cherry picking facts like a farmer when you haven't done a real days work in your life.
Rather than hurting poor and vulnerable why don't you increase taxes on the 1% instead to reduce the deficit? Let's start with the Koch bros
I thought you said the CBO was always wrong.


It will reduce the number of insured by abt 22 mil. All so a few people who have zero needs can get more from the needy. Wealthy want more.
Read the whole story. 
22M less insured because,
WAIT FOR IT

18M will CHOOSE not to purchase any now that they're not forced to.
Oh, John. You can't cherry pick from the CBO. If you want to take credit for the deficit reduction, you must also own increase in uninsured
Congratulations Senator
CBO: 4 million would lose employer-provided insurance under Senate GOP ObamaCare bill http://hill.cm/rVKx7VV  
Why is this CBO number correct and others aren't? Asking for myself because I can't stand your lies and hypocrisy.
Vote them out throwing us under the bus for the rich. Raise our premiums. Let them have the same health care bullies.
If the deficit was primary goal, all the tax savings you trumpeted yesterday would have been kept in treasury. Yes, we remember yesterday!
You left out the "by gutting Medicaid and killing thousands of Americans" part, John.
Over zealous Cornyn staffer is up early trying to start a tweet storm.
What idiot would work for John Cornyn?
Some, apparently. He has a communications director, for all the good it seems to do.
