Aren't members of your party trying to gut the Civil Rights Act & Affirmative action? How do you reconcile? Meet us & explain! #wherescornyn
What time is your town hall meeting with your constituents??
Why run for President? We have a President that wants to help us but the Dems and GOP never Trumpers are blocking everything he tries to do.
Maybe he'll be a real one
Lol
really? after the way the @GOP treated the last one?
What does this have to do with the bigger issues our country is currently facing?
You tried it.  Bless your heart and iron your hood.  Meeting starts in 5.  Torches will be provided
Perspective - at least you are not tweeting Breitbart, Faux, or Info Wars this afternoon.  Sorry, I think we already know your angle here.
If it's the right person for the job, who cares about the race, creed, religion, gender, sexual orientation or political orientation?
Is someone going to run against Comrade Trump in 2020?
Only a republican, even better - Whip leader, would tweet this.  SAD.
Let him run against Trump in 2020.  How about that!  Who would you support?  Since we can't get Trump to stop twitting, maybe you should.
The GOP hated Obama cause he was black and is still ripping on him so what is the point of this article
So what?
Not hardly!
As long it's not Donald Trump or Mike Pence he would be welcome
Why does the color of his skin matter to you?
Yeah right - wake me when the Republican Party nominate Anybody for President who is not an old, rich, white male.
What is wrong with you @JohnCornyn ?  Who posts things for you?  They should be fired along with you.  It is a shame we cannot fire u now
According to the GOP a black president can't possibly be a real American and will go full birtherism on him as well.
GOP lost sight of democracy. It requires a spirit of respect and cooperation, a willingness to listen to and work with opposing views.
Would you and McConnell make the blood pact against him like to did Obama? You disgrace Texas.
What are you smoking?  Does Sessions know?
At least he won't be orange...and a complete liar and con man.
Hopefully, the GOP won't makes his presidency as difficult as they made president Obama's.
I don't see this happening based on how frequently the GOP deploys racism to rile up the base.
The next POTUS should be a man/woman of character, decency, and compassion for others. Even if he/she is white, black, polka-dot or plaid.
That rules our GOP, period!
Really John Cornyn.  Why not a woman?
Isn't it pretty to think so. Republicans either slandered our first black president with birtherism or stood silent at the slander.
And GOP would still obstruct him.
Here's to you Cornyn, from a true blue TX constituent and LEGAL voter ...
And while I'm at it, let me include @farenthold in this reply
Not with you and your racist crew 
LOL! Cornyn is to racist to ever support a Black president. Cornyn represent the hate & racism of Sessions and Pence.
Dream on.
Really?  Someone besides Tim Scott I hope!
nope
Nice try.
When is your town hall?
Glad you found your "black guy"
WAPO-socialist fascist progressive tool should die asap.Tim Scott serves the people. Dividing folks via groups shameful. Unity - human race.
In forty years maybe.
Hahahaha. The racist GOP is out in the open now! No fucking way. BTW weren't you connected to the KKK?
See we are racist, there are black republicans! (Sarcasm)
That would be terrible for you!  You hated the last black president and pretty sure from the way you treated him it was bc he was black.
You are still racist. Your voting record and close relationship with #JeffSessions proves you're racism. #StopLying
Because the GOP treated the Obamas so swell? I think you forgot to take your old man pills again this morning.
NOT THAT ASS HOLE NOPE!!
I watch the news. I don't remember seeing that there was a chance of hell freezing over. #Impeach45 #FireHannity
Glad to see you're keeping the race-baiting alive.
Then @GOP needs to stop voter suppression #2018midterms WILL GET YOUR ATTENTION @JohnCornyn
Will y'all still use the Southern Strategy?
I hope the next Presidents are qualified & have knowledge, dignity & class, regardless of ethnicity, gender or party. Improvement over 45

Come on, man 
WONDER WHO HE HAS IN MIND??
I think the next black president will be a woman(and NOT a republican) #KamalaHarris2020
Good luck with that.   We all remember how you and your party treated the first one.
He will not win! Yet, he will not receive the African American Vote.
BOTH HC and Obama called McCains eligibility to run as President into question because he was born on U.S. territory in Panama Canal.
The People got tired of being libeled as "Racists" simply for disagreeing with Policy.
If ever there was fake news this is it. The mostly white @GOP would never vote for a black President & blacks wouldn't vote for a Republican
GOP idiots.Half the country thinks Lincoln was a Democrat.KKK evolved from Dem. opposition to Lincoln.South finally the land of Lincoln Lol!
#Putinbot
For that to happen, self-serving white GOP politicians (aka you) would have to stop activating their constituents' fear reflex with race.
Problem is that people still see a person's race, ethnicity or political affiliation first instead of honesty and integrity. So we got Trump

Oh yeah. The party that just elected the most racist President since Andrew Jackson is gonna nominate a black man. #GetReal
Don't care black, white, red, yellow, brown, or polka dot. Don't need another Republican in the White House.
Really? You guys spent 8 years fighting a man cause in your mind he was a Black/Muslim/non American. Rs would rather have a white male Dem.
As evidenced by the last 1, a black President is just as capable of being bad for the country as a white one. Race doesn't matter!!
America will have made major progress when Parties no longer differentiate candidate race or sex, but all your generation will have to pass.
Michelle & Barack continue to be the most influential lights in the . You and @GOP failed to push back birtherism. NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN
You should worry about the Orange President currently in office. Wait. Are you missing Obama too? You are home, Townhalls. We wld luv 2 chat
Gee. Isn't this identity politics?
Is this why SIC is working so slowly? Are you "earning" your pay?
Do you think Castro will use your silence against you in 2020?
You once again fail to offer any perspective on this. Your only recent perspective is we should jail journalists. Probably why you abstain.
Your silence is showing support for selling our elections to foreign countries. Is that consent? Do you believe this is how it should be?
When's the Town Hall? Topics-Healthcare, F'ing Wall, Russia. Texas Voters want to talk. Nope, next Pres-Kamala Harris!
You are a failure. You and your colleagues do not support our constitutionally elected POTUS & you ignore obvious corruption.  Resign now.
Why post this. The majority of the people know that one main reason republicans didn't like President Obama was because he was black
Thank you Thank you!!
Grow some principles and address the issue publicly. By a statesman instead of a shill.
Perspective - why should it even matter what color the President is - or gender for that matter?
It doesn't matter, but since the @GOP is anxious to erase one black man's legacy, they feel the need to deflect from the obvious.
.@JohnCornyn I thought conservatives hated identity politics?
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jack_Abramoff_Indian_lobbying_scandal … It looks like you have a history of either overlooking or by some accounts being involved with, stuff like this.
Sorry, John. The endemic racism, sexism, and xenophobia of the GOP has been revealed for the world to see. You tied your anchor. You're sunk
https://washingtonjournal.com/2017/08/04/new-report-reveals-mcconnell-ryan-took-millions-russian-oligarch-tied-putin/ … Here, it is compared to Abramoff. You remember him right?
 we are in this ugly situation because the Repube voters hated having a Black man in the Oval! No other reason then the color of his skin
On the one hand, I'd appreciate a GOP that doesn't demonize black folks much less black Presidents. On the other hand: not gonna happen.
There won't be another Republican anything if you people there now don't repeal and replace Obamacare and support President Trump
Why would anyone do that?
...because the GOP was so supportive of the first black president?
Today would be a good day to investigate John Cornyn.
Nope. Kamala Harris.
SHE HAS A DAM GOOD CHANCE
https://www.dallasnews.com/opinion/commentary/2017/08/03/tangled-web-connects-russian-oligarch-money-gop-campaigns … Still no statement from you. Was he involved as well? We're you? Why should foreign money be allowed in our election
https://www.usnews.com/news/national-news/articles/2017-05-16/mitch-mcconnell-paul-ryan-shrug-off-washington-post-report-trump-gave-russians-highly-classified-intel … Could it explain this? Are you compromised, as well?
Indeed. The entire GOP power structure knew what was going on. Many of them had been compromised ages ago, Russia just now called in markers
Why didnt Republican leadership inform  about  as our IC communities confidence grew? #TrumpRussia
NEVER FORGET that in September, McConnell reportedly rejected calls for a unified front against Russia & cast doubt on the intelligence. 5/ 
Will you demand to see his papers too?
Your party deserves to be punished for AT LEAST a generation. I don't give a shit who gets the nom.
yall need to ditch the racist policies first.
Even @MaxineWaters is racist against her black voters... which is admittedly fun to watch, if it weren't so dangerous.
Your party needs to gain perspective
He will not be a Texan, not w/you, Cruz, Abbott, Patrick, et al running GOP.
Where's townhall schedule? Your performance is abysmal.
Becaus Democrats are far more racist in increasingly blatant ways?
