Instead under #Trumpcare the federal govt will be able to bar you from healthcare for 6 months if you miss a payment https://www.vox.com/2017/6/24/15867614/senate-health-waiting-period … https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/879364347595829249 …
One reason Obamacare markets failed is because they're not free markets, and we shouldn't let Dems claim market failure.
There's no such thing as a free market. Not because they're not free, but because they aren't markets. At least not for very long.
Tell that to the Internet. Very free, for quite a long time. Slightly less free now but still freer than most. And therefore more successful
How do you think that market came to be? Who do you think makes sure that competition is allowed to set up shop?
Preventing monopoly (a reasonable gov't function, I think) is not the same as proactive meddling/regulation.
Now you're talking degrees of involvement. How do you feel about the markets created by roads and internet access?
Also, the government basically invented the internet.
Even if that has some truth, it does not mean it wouldn't have happened without them. And it's irrelevant to our conversation.
Healthcare is NOT a right!  We have no constitutionally driven business to be in the Insurance market. GET OUT!  Let the Free Market do it!
If you are an taxpayer you have a right to have health insurance. Every other developed country in the world provides HC to it's citizens.
I plan on firing Cornyn's ass simply because he's been in the swamp too long. He calls Democrats friends!
You are so full of hate. What the hell happened to you?
There's a difference between hate and righteous anger. I follow the Commandments of the God of Abraham Isaac and Jacob. I hate Satan
Ok. I don't even know you but I feel your anger. Why, if you don't mind me asking?
Unrighteous politicians are destroying our country! Democrats are Enemies of the Republic and Constitution, consistent Torah violations.
Fair enough. We disagree on some things I'm sure but that's the way it goes. TY for answering. Take care.
And you think this will change that?
U don't know what ur talkn about.
They couldn't afford the premiums or deductibles. 
Median wage ~$45K/yr. 

Premiums for a fam ~$30K/yr w $15K deductible.
Those people never got coverage.

You know what kills insurance? Texas urgent care centers (owned by PE) over billing as emergencies.
No. The government didn't pay its portion of the subsidies. Or have you forgotten
One reason #TrumpCare is designed to fail is, it's worse, more expensive coverage for all but the richest americans. But you guys don't care
And with your bill, premiums will be much higher
, we're sick of being represented by someone who lies to us daily. Put your country & YOUR STATE ahead of the GOP for once.
That goes to say poor people can't pay for insurance and wont be able to get it so what will they be fine then, dummy.

Obamacare markets R N trouble b/c GOP/TP has sabotaged it at every opportunity since implementation. At least B honest. #VoteNo
Here are some of the recent reasons why Obamacare has been struggling. These guys wanted it to fail. #VoteThemOut #GOPHatesHealthcare
If you lose your coverage or your premiums go up after they force this bill through, make sure you blame these duplicitous bastards. #Tragic
They are smarter than they look. They all know tons of people will die because of a bill almost nobody wants. #TrumpCare #NoAHCA #DeathBill
This is a new one, John. Any data to back that up?
You and I both know he has no data, only talking points that the Koch's have given him.
@JohnCornyn is certainly earning his expenses for the Koch weekend.
Oh for sure. They probably said, now John, if you do not tweet some nonsense about Obamacare, you won't get your whole weekend comped on us.
If you feel that it is collapsed-failed market, why is your bill not roll out till 2021?
Or because not enough healthy people signed up to float all the sick ones. Simple math.
The limits on high premiums is gone. Insurers can charge anything they want. Miss one payment & no insur 4 six months.
Free Market insurance only! Quit spending my tax dollars on unconstitutional endeavors. Healthcare is NOT a right! We can fire you!
From what I'm seeing, the GOP bill is really a Loser and should never be passed. Trump needs to 'fire' all who have supported it!!!
You are correct and have just made a very strong case for a single payer system.  This is also no reason to make things worse!
Wait, what? If people signed up and didn't pay premium, then there were no associated claims. This makes no sense.
Would you kindly provide the data for this statement
This is a #BigLIE&YOU KNOW IT, SIR! #TXGOP #sabotaged #AHA REFUSED #MedicaidExpansion USED #PlannedParenthood as a #FakeExcuse #ShameOnYou!
Well john, Texas among others refused to expand medicaid.
@RonWyden The reason Obamacare failed is collusion between Repubicans and the insurance companies. Did u get your pockets full?
gee, maybe because they couldn't afford it? Single payor for all would solve that problem. But your corporate overlords wont let you do that
@RonWyden @voxdotcom biggest reason ACA struggles is GOP sabotage! Fund risk pools, stop threatening not to pay subsidies & fix!
How does the "pro life" party justify kicking 20 million people off of health insurance?  Hypocrites!
How many ppl can't afford ins or end up in the ER and can't pay the deductible? Let's get that info out there.
No, the states refused to help.
Another reason is that the federal government is welching on its agreement to pick up the slack in smaller populated markets. #yourelying
What a horrible, heartless provision.   Just like the rest of this abominable bill.  Unless, of course, you're filthy rich.
Back up your baseless claim
Cite your sources.
Just like liability ins., if you don't pay you can't use it. Signing up doesn't give benefits; pmt does. #gopdoesnotcare
Bullshit #JohnCornyn. GOP blocked CSR payments thereby sabotaging ACA angry b/c it was created by the black President. We are not stupid.
Please cite your sources.
The reason it failed is because of constant attacks by the GOP. They don't care about the health of Americans.
Or, because the GOP House never provided additional implementation $ after initial appropriation set forth in the Affordable Care Act itself
The markets didn't fail! Just because you keep saying it doesn't make it true!
1) please cite your source, 2) exactly how is this solved with your plan?
He won't cite or give any information as to how it will help. He is all rhetoric and safe from election concerns.
Well then fix it!!! #76177 #MakeAmericaLookDumbagain 
#fakecongress
what do Republicans think would happen in 2018 if, as the CBO says, 15 million people lose coverage and premiums go 20% higher?
how can you support a bill that 22 mil people will lose coverage, and a higher increase than current ocare, and we are supposed to like it?
WTH is wrong with you john,  we are your constituents,  i live and was born and raised texan, and you sir, are no TEXAN!
The another reason was our obstruction of the democrats during the creation of the ACA, but lets not admit our fault in this mess.
What?
this will cause more people to die. Die. As in death.
Where do you get your talking points Do the Koch Brothers train you ? Lets see the new plan for you
No, that is BullShit!
22 Million People will lose coverage according to CBO. What’s the upside for us? (people who aren’t billionaires)
Senator what is the value of the retroactive tax cut do you receive?  You, your spouse & "blind" trust benefit from trading heathcare stocks
Great bill, John! https://twitter.com/braddjaffy/status/879435017948192770 …
So BCRA causing >300% increases in monthly premiums are going to make people more likely to pay?
The Pres this year eliminated the requirement to show insurance or your income tax would be rejected: this loophole might have been closed.
Mainly it's because your party sabotaged it at every chance and now Trump threatening to withhold payments. Enough of your b.s.
Maybe you and @SenRonJohnson should get your stories straight.
.@SenRonJohnson says in interview today that guaranteed coverage for pre-existing conditions is what's crashed insurance markets. #news3
One reason you're a useless boar tit is you let the Koch brothers pee down your throat and make you say it tastes like lemonade.
I have a life threatening illness and will die without treatment. The cuts to Medicaid mean I will have to buy coverage, 1/
For which I can now be denied because of my preexisting condition. I will have to pay out of pocket to continue seeing my doctors 2/
But I cant afford the out-of-pocket expense for my care. This bill will literally kill me. Please stop. I am begging for me life. Please.
One reason you're pushing a crappy bill is you've accepted $180K from insurance & Big Pharma lobbyists.
Please Please Sen Cornyn! U are Better than this,What the hell happen 2 you? what happen to your morals, ON behalf of TX IM so sorry America
No, it failed because it was designed to fail!  REPEAL THE DAMN THING! You fing ran on this for how many years now??? REPEAL!
Does that include employer healthcare, or just from the "marketplace"?
Vote no on trump care or I will vote no when you are up for reelection.
Senators portray small, last-minute changes as major “concessions” even though they do little to undo the bill’s overall damage.
That's because they initially thought it was free.

This is wild. The tax cuts 400 families get from the BCRA equals the Medicaid expansion for 700,000+ people. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …
Republican Death Panel #trumpcarekills
Republican Party Has No Problem Hurting The American People To Give Tax Breaks to the Rich #trumpcarekills
No, regulatory uncertainty is the reason that carriers pulled out.
government has NO CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT 2 force Americans 2 buy ANYTHING. We're still having this forced on us BECAUSE YOU WON't FULLY REPEAL
Tell the truth for once.
Now they won't be able to pay doctors or hospitals. Awesome.
EVEN if republicans let obamacare fail, Rs will surely get the blame. The Ignorant voters believe whatever R told. Dems & media will lie
DON'T TRUST YOU.  You have proven yourself to play the part of replucrat. Don't know why Texans send you back?
Just like they do with car insurance.
So then your solution should include enforcement, not throwing 23 MM people off and gutting Medicaid.
Another reason Obamacare markets fail is because Texas governors never signed up for Medicaid expansion. Stop playing with our lives.
How does your bill address this & keep this from happening? If you can't even get @GovMikeHuckabee on board, your bill has issues, Senator.
No because R's would not expand Medicaid to balance out. You really believe this BS you r spewing don't you. Admit it this is a wealthbill
Then those policies never went n2 effect, so those insurance cos never paid any claims. That would not have contributed to failing markets.
Huh? That's a new one to me.
You really seem to love this plan. Prove it by requiring all of Congress to have to use it. Until then, no thanks. I'm a voting constituent.
By excluding yourself from the bill, it's very clear that it's not good.
#FullRepeal < how hard is that? !!!
GOP & you don't want to carry Obama legacy & rip ObamaCare with your cold  by create bad bill AHCA & BRCA #NoAHCA
ALEC & Koch brothers bought you GOP & you kept gaslighting ObamaCare is better than AHCA known as Trump(not)Care
Gee, what does that say to someone who lives in a gilded reality world, has never had to decide to pay a light bill or pay on insurance?
Are you kidding me... lying to the American public like this should be illegal! If you didn't pay premium the plan was never activated.
Ur plan fails because it's not a healthcare plan. It's a tax break for the super rich and a huge subsidy to pharma
Congress also failed to fund and created a ton of uncertainty
Tell your staff to answer the phone.
Wow u surely came out of Koch wkend energized & doing 360's!  Nobody ever gets killed going 20 mph - speed kills!  Slow down debate this !!
is this what was decided at the Koch donor meeting this weekend!  this bill is not what Texas wants.
GOP never paid the money promised. Don't BS us.
Your party has worked to make it a failure, ignoring that it succeeds in many states.
THE MAIN REASON Obamacare fails in red states is that the GOP worked so hard to make it fail.
Long story short, Senator I simply do not trust you and the GOP to look out for my interests. You and party have shown who you represent.
You can stop now. Looks like you've met your Koch Weekend quota. Congrats. But it's still a tax cut for your donors. Nothing more.
how?
Axelrod: "So disingenuous for @POTUS to argue exchanges are collapsing when they're SUBVERTING them by withholding subsidies." We see you...
Where is that CBO score?
Where's that "fulsome debate"? Is it hiding in a box with the last trace of the senior Senator's integrity?
One reason Obamacare  failed is because Republicans did their best to sabotage it.  The country will be the less for that.
Pure bullshite john and you know it. GOP states choked off ability to expand medicare is why. Go tell damn lies to your wife friends family
So you're blaming citizens for a policy failure now?  While making a policy which would punish citizens?
have you really read the new policy? and people have already been punished and it was because they can't afford insurance.
Sounds like a good argument for single payer, to me.
or at least a public option.
Dude, you & the GOP hv said it's to help give money to the richest!  U R despicable & your constituents will show you in the next election.
Is that a talking point you received from the #TreasonWeasel?
Poor people sometimes have to pay bills late. But u don't have 2 worry, given the fact that you are pulling 3 state pensions + Sen salary.
This is actually a valid point. Not paying premiums throws the whole concept of insurance out of whack.
R's sabotaged by ending gov't attempts to enroll people.
R's sabotaged it - "...constant promises of imminent repeal have spooked insurers and individuals participating."
R's sabotaged it. "Whitehouse issued an executive order and took other actions that strongly implied it would no longer enforce...."
yes the mandate to have in the first place and then pay a tax if you dont.
How I wish that both sides can put their partisan egos aside and come together and come up with what will work for the American people!
Repubs worked to destroy it from the start if it were not for Obama we would be without a healthcare system periodically guys could careless
Your solution: Make sure millions more will have no insurance. Where is this logic?
people already don't have insurance. what you mean?
If you could only give one ounce of compassion to your constituents like you do to the Koch Bros and this ridiculous bill , it be  very nice
@RonWyden please provide the statistical data to prove UR statement @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @PoliticalDiscor @indtx36 & SIURCE
You don't understand anything about this topic, do you?
My understanding is they got coverage when they became sick & then dropped after treatment. Boy some hearing on this would help clarify
If you miss your first payment the policy is void. So that's nonsense.
And if you pay for say, 6 months and then stop, the insurer can come back to recoup anything they pay out for you after that time.
Seriously John, you're an attorney licensed in Texas. You can't be this dishonest or this incompetent within the ethics rules.
Enrollees have no right to pay in escrow when insurers have inadaquate networks or incorrectly deny treatment. Very one sided law.
Can you provide numbers in addition to conjecture to that point?

One more way to screw over the poor. Bar them from having insurance if they miss a payment. And please tell me who pays if they go to ER?
Or, only signed up after a catastrophic diagnosis
I refuse to sign up or pay for your trumped-up coverage. And I will owe you the fines until the day I die
There must be a penalty for non-pmt, which means they will drop out of insurance.  Then what? Some will never be responsible.
"Instead under trumpcare the Fed gov't will be able to bar you from healthcare f9r 6 months if you miss a payment" 1/2
Way to support and provide healthcare for middle (ever shrinking group) and low income Americans. 2/2
Isn't that a personal responsibility issue, the heart of Conservative View?
If you're concerned about us, work on improving Obamacare. You will get Dems support. You wrecked it on "Risk Corridors".Tax cuts 4 RICH 1%
I'm throwing the bullshit flag on that.
Hard to take Cronyn seriously after his televised exchange with Sally Yates. Embarrassingly ill prepared/petty. His message lacks honesty.
State and federal GOP lawmakers didn't like having a black man in the white house... thats the #reason the #ACA is being aborted #Cornynhole
B4 ACA useless healthcare coverage. After ACA, still useless and can't use it until premiums are met.  USELESS!  Like Government is useless.
Your #wealthcarebill gives us less coverage for more money.
"Does it improve coverage? No. Does it improve affordability? No." -- AMA president. http://spr.ly/60138WLOb  @MorningEdition #HealthcareBill
Your legacy will be treason and cowardice. Your children already know it and so will your grandchildren. America will make sure of it.
One reason Obamacare failed is because the @GOP didn't want it to succeed
I should say, "failed"
is tweeting out his "Why I support the GOP DEATH BILL instead of my constituents Diary"
Pathetic.

#SwampOfLiars
#VoteNoACHA
Hey Ron ... did you give any input into the bill ..or are you just whinning to be obstructionist ... get on the train if you want input
If true, how does TrumpCare fix this? People simply don't have insurance, so no more problem right? Healthcare bankruptcies instead.
Please hold an actual public hearing on AHCA instead of having arguments on Twitter.
That is very mean.  Who is going to pay when the uninsured get sick and show up at the ER?
I'm cynical enough to imagine laws being passed that allow ERs to refuse treatment to the uninsured or having to eat the costs themselves.
senator, trumpcare is nothing but trinkle down healthcare.  crumbs for the poor and the rich reap all the rewards.
Nope. Your party sabotaging has worked well. Problem is, you can't blame Obama for it.
Maybe some, I know that I pay every month.
Ironically, your #wealthcarebill is a stripped down version of the #ACA with billions in tax breaks for the wealthy. #TownHall to discuss?
Oh, look, another fantasy Republican taking point.
No! The reason is cuz the young & healthy didn't sign up in the #'s needed to keep the market risk down....    insurance=statistics
True but also GOP sabotaged by not paying CSR. They made certain it would fail. All political & no regard for human life.
What about the constant uncertainty caused by a complete unwillingness (on the part of Rs) to work w/ Ds to improve the ACA? Mention that
You can spend the weekend w/Kochs and this morning tweeting but you can't hold a townhall with your own constituents?
@RonWyden @voxdotcom John is just mad that you found the punishment provision, Ron. Rumored more to come....
When premiums for preexisting conditions is 10k; normal working people can't afford it #ProfitsOverPeople
This is not a healthcare bill single payer or will that hurt your pocket no lobby for insurance and drug companies get them out of DC
It was pay the premium ,eat or pay the gas electric and water bill. #insurancenottheindianway
Get the federal gov't out of the healthcare business & deregulate!
No they work too hard. They want broker fees.
@RonWyden I've been traveling in Texas. Glad to see you got your lips off Koch brothers' posteriors
Still there & sucking hard. Cornyn is owned by Koch Brothers & his sugar daddy trump. He is capable of anything else.
#ACA SAVES LIVES. #AHCA WILL BE A KILLER- AND @SenateMajLdr knows it.
@RonWyden @voxdotcom pulling subsidies, repeals and threatened repeals, T refusing to pay. What exactly r you lying about now J?
So immediately dropping customers after a late payment is an explanation for this provision?
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Must-watch. Beyond powerful.

Mike Phillips, who lives w/ spinal muscular atrophy, on what losing Medicaid benefits would mean for his care. 
#AHCA IS UNAMERICAN. #AHCA = LESS CONSTITUENTS WITH HEALTHCARE... THIS IS REGRESSIVE. #Democracy is progressive.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
You cannot afford to pay your bill today; now you won't even be permitted to have coverage for at least 6 months #bringoutyourdead
Way I understood it, it's next enrollement period plus 6 mos. So that could B 1 yr w/o coverage. So THESE R Christian's? Y R Muslims bad?
So now you're desperate enough to just make things up, John? I get it, your mega donors are going to be mega pissed but man, take a breath.
YOU DIRTY LYING VICHY GOP.  #lawsuit
#shame ON YOU, John.
Huge protest inside and outside of Senate Majority Leader Mitch Mcconnell's office happening right now. 
#Shame
But the main reason would be sabotage by the @GOP huh?
how?
#Shame
Capitol Police: 43 protesters arrested as disability rights activists conducted a "die-in" to block hallway near Sen. McConnell's office. 
The MAIN reason is people like you rigged the system to MAKE it worse than it should and could be.  @JohnCornyn ...SELLING OUT AMERICA!
https://mobile.twitter.com/Seth_Lemon/status/877908300549017602 … #shame
Protesters with disabilities stage a "die-in" over cuts to Medicaid outside of Sen. Mitch McConnell's office. 
Actually, it's because of

1) Insurance companies being greedy
2) Congress being bought and paid for by ins. companies.

There, you learned.
#Shame on @JohnCornyn , LYING TO THE PEOPLE.
#LIAR #VICHYGOP  #shame
Healthcare Protesters are arrested outside Sen. McConnell's office on Capitol Hill after the release of the #SenateGOP Healthcare Bill. 
Also because Republicans pulled necessary subsidies they were given for it in an effort to sabotage.
judge did that it was illegal in response to law suite by states
False.  Not sure where you got this hat from, but I doubt it was a valid source. Also, what language is that?
I guess you can read it in English since I'm poor at writing. hahaha
They aren't "failing".
