Here's the deal, sick and healthy pay insurance  $ to sick and  $ to healthy. What Rs are proposing will deny sick basic coverage.
If you want the sick to not have coverage, just say so. Risk pools as proposed are not workable. Ins market & actuaries both say with this.
France isn't bankrupt
Senate Majority + House majority = Victory. Why is it you guys cannot do what the American people want? That is, Full repeal of Obamacare
R's: we need to allow ins co's to cut coverage and raise prices for people over 45 and/or sick so healthy people can get a lower price.
How are you going to control COSTS? Your plan does nothing to control COSTS. At least single payer negotiates prices. What will you do?
Single payer would also provide a BIG tax cut to companies because uncompensated care would disappear.
Do you understand that single payer healthcare is paid for through taxes? It will not reduce taxes, it will increase them.
Yes, but think of the economic burden. In the US we spend 18% of GDP on health care. In Europe it is 6-7%. That's a 2 trillion cost.
Yes we like going to the doctor.  The GDP doesn't reflect as bad. Medical tourism is part of that...
Few go to the US to get medical care. And it's not a case of "liking going to the doctor" given our lack of preventative care.
Many have come here over the years, it's how the medical industry became 1/7 of our economy.
No, thats ridiculous. It's not because of waves of foreigners. Its because we pay 3 times as much.
The big problem is the R's don't touch run away costs of health care services other than reduce demand by cutting 22 million off the rolls.
Johnnie boy what are you smoking?
No bail out for insurance companies! Regulations please
No other counties have gone bankrupt because of it.  Are you telling us the US is not as financially solvent as Croatia and the like?  Poo!
Get big Pharma and insurance corporations out of your pockets!!
What other countries that have single payer healthcare are bankrupt John?
Assuming your constituency can't research is an insult. Bald-face lying is even worse.
Indiscriminate defense spending and endless wars are bankrupting our country.
Yeah and multi billion dollar subsidies to fossil fuel companies, big pharma, and big Ag...
(1/2) There is a difference between subsidized and tax breaks, 1st is given to those who cannot survive on their own such as wind and solar
Please see definition for subsidies "direct and indirect"
Who's definition?  Liberals define anything they do not like as a subsidy.  A tax deduction for a profitable company isn't a subsidy.
Your mistake is that you tried to shove the bill down members throats.  They represent States, their constituents and Governors said no!!
Universal healthcare 4 all!  Healthcare is a human right not a privilege 4 bloated Senators who put their interests over the ppl they rep
Point to one other country that has been "bankrupt" by single payer.  That's right- there isn't one!
Where is the full repeal of OC that was promised to the American people?
.. so do the right thing (what was promised numerous times) & REPEAL!  Your RINocare band-aid makes it worse. And you'll own it.
Are you insane. Insurance Co,s have big profits and over pay top management.
.. and quit justifying GOP cop-out w Dem policies - we know what they want. Do what we voted you in for - REPEAL! Nothing more.
Under Bernie's single payer plan, EVERYONE would, at the very least, be guaranteed a top rate medical examiner/pathologist at their autopsy.
It will not bankrupt the country...But, it will help millions of low income and poor people
"single-payer which will bankrupt the country" he says with no empirical evidence.
False, and false. Stop lying.
The only thing that will bankrupt the country is republican control. Tax breaks to the rich outrageous military spending unfinanced wars.
You have no evidence for that.  Single payer does more for less overall money more efficiently.  Try to take Medicare away (single payer)
It's never bankrupt the U.K., Canada, Australia and many more. If anything it saves us money

R's: Treason is okay as long as Republicans are doing the betraying.
How long did you know about the Trump meeting with the Russians?
You certainly can't call whatever you are selling healthcare reform...How much $ have you received from big pharma/insurance?
Single payer, like every other, non-BK, 1st world nation
Why will it bankrupt the country? Have you seen his comprehensive plan? Stop using scare tactics and work for everyone.
You are so ignorant about what single payer would do. I suggest some research before you open your mouth. I'm ashamed of you.
What part of "single payer" do you not understand? (Apparently ALL of it!)
We are the only country in the civilized world that does not have universal health care.Why? Outright greed!
I know, right? Don't they know we need that money for wars? Silly lefties.
Why would single payer bankrupt one of the richest countries? Many other rich countries have single payer. Quit lying, fix healthcare.
Trumpcare is going to kill Medicaid & millions of Americans. Bottom line...you're playing a shell game.
Or, you could embrace a blend of free market and socialized like the French or Swiss systems. (And stop being a partisan hack)
Of 35 largest economies in world, 34 have universal health coverage. Maybe we could ask them?  Ins, pharm earning lots now.
#RepealObamacare now!
the financial ruin you speak of will be yours, your fellow party.   All the $ for your votes would hurt your income.
When he can't convince America, then senator tweets showing how little he knows about insurance..politics  & health-insurance <oil & water>
I'm so sick of your shortly leadership.  Can't wait to vote you out.  Disgraceful.  Enjoy your exempt healthcare.  Hypocrite
R's say "I don't want the govt in my healthcare." But. Healthcare is in our gov't. ($$$ & lobbyists) So, what now?
Republicans war on oil is bankrupting U.S statistics say more republicans filled bankruptcy in this country very few democrats did.
liar & liar. Many other countries do this successfully. Just need GOP to agree it should be done. PPL moving our direction!
Can Washington be more transparent? I'm tired of not seeing the flying shitbags that think they pass for gov't. @JohnCornyn
Just look at how single payer has bankrupted Canada, Germany, Norway, Denmark, Sweden, The Netherlands, Britain…
The Purple Health Plan is a single payer which won't bankrupt the country.  Why don't you educate yourself about it? #HealthCareReform
Yeah...let's bail out the people who drive up costs and make single payer an impossibility. With no reforms.... can I vote against you yet?
If we run it like the rest of the 1st world, universal healthcare would cost half what we currently spend and with superior outcomes
Realize that Conservative Texans even hear your tweets in Charlie Brown's teacher's voice. White noise. 2020 can't get here soon enough.
Single payer is working in other countries. Seems we could learn from them. Why you won't is beyond me.
You are a liar.  #CanCornyn2020
640,000 people are forced into bankruptcy every year in our current system & single payer costs less than what we're already paying.
It's literally the opposite of what you said. Taxes for single payer are not on top of current expenditures for individuals and businesses.
You mean Socialism for Insurance Companies but not for The People?
Wrong again, John, you're just showing us how ignorant you are of the basics of #SinglePayer. It is EXACTLY what we need.
How do you know it will bankrupt the country? Have you seen his comprehensive plan? Stop using scare tactics and work for everyone.
John's ego has grown past his capabilities. Whether he runs or not depends on where the most $ is. He could be indicted and jail Trumpgate.
then work WITH them to come up with something better.
Thanks schmuckoo, w/ you and #turtle TX will +1.1 million 2 uninsured allowing us to remain #1. Unfortunately, CA will now have more #txlege
This senator does not care about his fellow Americans because he does not believe he can be voted out.  A shame to public office.
A country unable to provide healthcare for its citizens in not worth defending. TX has highest rate of maternal deaths in childbirth.
Accept the same health care you are are voting for your fellow Americans and you may gain some credibility.
You are adding to propoganda to further a corrupt agenda.
We need to get ins. Co. & pharmaceuticals out of health care.  We need Universal Health Care.
Are you kidding! Bail out ins. co.!  They are one of the reasons we are in this mess! Or, do you get $ from them? What need is to replace u.
Lies
Lots of non-bankrupt countries have single payer health insurance and people I know from those countries like their national insurance plan.
You have the majority. Do the right thing! The dims crammed enough down your throats in the past!
Fox TV much?
Insurance companies do not require bailout when CEO's make 6 & 7 figure incomes
Rs: What we want is to take $700 billion from 22 million and give it to a couple hundred billionaires who give us A LOT of donations.
It's hard out there for those of the for profit healthcare industry.
You mean Single Payer like EVERY OTHER INDUSTRIALIZED DEMOCRACY! Ya let's do that.  #colludingcornyn #putinpuppetcornyn #wealthyowncornyn
Has a snowball's chance in Hell in U.S., but what is your evidence that #SiinglePayer systems bankrupt advanced countries? None that I know.
Really?  Bail out insurers?  From what?  Not quite as much rapacious profits?
Meanwhile you care not that I your constituent is going to pay FIVE more! #TownHall 75248
What we need is de-regulation of Insurance companies & let the Free Market Work! #RepealObamacare
lies and propaganda.
How do the ADVANCED countries manage single payer health care?
Has single payer bankrupted any other first world country?
Single payer works. Yours doesn't. & you know good and well insurance companies are not going under. You are lying! Tax breaks for the rich
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain 
Helping your donors #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #sessions #kushner #donaldJR  #COVERUP #sad
You are still the worst.
#FigureItOut #StopBlamingOthers
Lie and lie!
How about we pay for it by bankrupting the insurance companies? Simple
#StillAbsurd please just stick to what makes ur plan viable/an improvement for people of the nation. I'm tired of #partisan finger pointing
YOU LIE!
NO!  Reign in the insurance companies, stop taking payoffs to your ilk, reduce the insurance bloat!  Make insurance affordable!
Let 50 year olds buy into Medicare. Public option would make private insurers more competitive
Which party controls all three branches right now? That's right, the #GOP. Quit complaining.
A single payer plan would help corporations compete in the global market. No more unpredictable health care costs to worry about.
A single payer plan would help families. Parents could stay home when they have small children without worrying about their healthcare.
A single payer would help small businesses and entrepreneurs. They could take risks in start-ups without worrying about their healthcare.
You like to quote everyone else's ideas. What are yours? You do NOTHING but talk and kiss the Orange Fuhrer's ass. #DoYourJob Stop lying
A single payer plan would save money!  Everyone would pay into the system and get the healthcare they deserve. Fair and economical.
This Texan is with @SenSanders
Don't try to distract and redirect. We know Republicans are in charge in Congress,  and THEY can't get it done! We NEED more Conservatives
Let em die, huh John?
Charge people more for single-payer until it doesn't bankrupt the country...  that's how I know you are lying.  #HealthcareBill #healthcare
We the people should start taking away congress's insurance, lower their salary to that of a part time Worker, and take away all the perks.
Right. Because the Democrats are the ones who want to protect the wealthy and corporate interests. Try again.
If the ACA is good enough for the Senate, it's good enough for the American people.
So taking healthcare away from millions is ok?  Making women's coverage negotiable is ok?  Why do you hate women?
and yet all you care about is tax cuts for richest 400 people and killing Americans by yanking their insurance away
Wrong. Guess again.
The GOP plan is a tax cut for the wealthy with consequences for the poor. It's not a health care plan (& the Cruz Amendment is nuts).
Congrats, John, two lies in one tweet. 

Insurance companies don’t need or want bailouts, 

An America-wide risk pool would SAVE money
Every other developed nation can afford #singlepayer John...why can't America? Because we spend to much on war?
The liar and traitor keeps talking but it's all noise. The GOP had seven years to come up with something and they give us crap.
Bail out insurance cos??? Are you freaking kidding? How about their CEOs stop making millions per year in salaries???
@GOP lies to sell tax cuts for the rich.
Rs: let's pass a bill that removes coverage from millions and creates a death spiral in individual market
Wait, how much do we spend on military? Guess which is more likely to kill me: Cancer or terrorism.
if you take the profit out of health care and put the healing back we can survive#ScaredFatOldWhiteGuys
Bail out insurance companies are you out of your fn mind?
but we let wars bankrupt the country?   You have  and @GOP NO moral high ground on this
Obamacare sucks!
More lies from a liar. Vote this partisan clown out!
What we really need is a clean repeal as promised.
More #fakenews someone that only wants to benefit his rich friends. No concept of what it means to struggle
False
No, the huge tax cuts for the wealthy and corporations and excessive military spending will bankrupt the country.
actually, single payer is good. also bernie would have won
Why can't you honestly address the real concerns and suggestions for improving ACA? How does this partisan distortion benefit you or us?
This is such bullshit!!

- Single payer. Join the rest of the West at last.
Those on Medicare like it. We spend more money on military than any other country! Medicare for all. We haven't tried that yet. Let's try!
By the way, has anyone told you you're as bad at Twitter as Trump? Not a good look for you.
What gets me, people throw glorious ideas out there, politicians ignore it, or call the speakers stupid names and claim we don't understand.
