Mostly because it won't be achievable with the aging population and reduced immigration!
Stop the fucking Repuk propaganda. You and your criminal gang are the ONLY reason for the lack of insurers. You have blocked everything.
Many of those critics being economists, not some ideological robot like you
Sir you and I both know they cycles of the American economy,  we are primed for a market correction already not 3% growth. Talk to Sanford
Right now we are complaining about R's taking credit for O's economic growth figures.Rs have NO growth figures OR 'economic assumption' yet!
It's not possible for many reasons. Even the WSJ agrees - didn't you see the article last week?
basic understanding of economics tells you that there are ups and downs and to think we will continue up through 2020 and beyond is naive
If you value your job, don't support this budget. It's a slap in the face to the very people Trump pledged to help the most.
nope. It's not. He promised spending cuts on the campaign. Stop being over dramatic.
He also promised he wouldn't cut Medicare. This budget proposes cutting it by $800 billion. Oops.
How do people not know the difference between Medicaid(a welfare program)and Medicare(a true entitlement?
Regardless of how you feel about them, that doesn't change the fact he's going back on his promise not to cut them.
I never heard him promise not to cut back on wasteful government programs.
And then he became POTUS and seen the fraud, waste and abuse in welfare. I'm not mad
because it is unrealistic and you are betting on the lives of people!
No serious economist believes we will have sustained 3% GDP growth. What special information do you have that they do not?
Trump's inability to add and subtract $2 trillion.
Those critics include conservative economists... really what does Trump have on you that you can't be objective? Pictures, loaned you money?
Why did you vote to hide @realDonaldTrump’s tax returns from Americans & block efforts to #FollowTheFacts (for the 8th time)?
It's UNREALISTIC !!!
Do you have an original thought ever or is it constantly R party propaganda? #USAb4party
Mostly they complain of the god awful job this administration and you senators are doing.
Some of those critics may be your constituents...but you wouldn't know as you haven't held a Town Hall...
Critics now complain that you're making up numbers to justify terrible policy. We're not complaining about a 3% growth rate. Good heavens.
It's time you quit sitting on your ass and start earning the paycheck you are drawing. Your nothing but hot air and a disgrace to Texas.
Critics are economists. They have more cred than you or trumpster on this issue. #factsmatter
Economy was in the trash when Obama took over so you would expect higher GDP growth, now different story. Do you have any experience in govt
Yeh, you guys are doing a terrible job and we're not supposed to complain?  Your prescription is same that led to 2008 crash.  #Townhall
You are probably right Corny...that figure does seem unrealistically high...
I hope you will vote no against the healthcare bill that will kill millions of Americans.  Stand up for Texas.
John, I can't believe how ineffective you and the "GUM" (Give Us a Majority) Republicans are in affecting legislation. Your all Losers. SAD
The good thing is that All you DEEP STATERS will   never be in a position of leadership again. You made your bed, now you'll have to ly init
Economics can significantly change in 4 years. Duh
Trump is bad fpe our country. He is behaving at a minimum unethically. Remove him now!
As your constituent, I believe nothing that comes out of your mouth. Your career is dead.
23 million uninsured. Happy Now?
Then how about YOU explain how it's possible for 3% growth. Recall gov spending is in the GDP calc.  C'mon, man-up and show your mathemagic!
Banking on a 3% growth rate, that no one can find how to get there, is just a lie.  Unless you plan on dramatically increasing taxes.
It's not critics John ... its regular folks that can understand difficult concepts like addition, subtraction, etc ... you know, math.
some of these know-it-alls should go back and look at the Obama GDP budget projections; talk about fairy tails; selective memory at work
I complain about you every day now.  I don't know what's happened to you. I won't be able to vote for you again.
Why is it that the most blue region of all, highest tax rates, etc, the 9 counties of the San Francisco BayArea are at full employment?
By critics you mean an overwhelming majority of economists? 

Can we have a budget that benefits anyone beside the rich?

#BudgetVote2017
An impossible goal.  Is math not taught in our schools any longer?  Nor economics?
But you should totally completely blindly continue supporting everything 45 does...or you could also be a critic...not a bad thing
To research-trickle down, Reagan
.@JohnCornyn as we all know, Obama and Trump’s terms did not start w/same economic state. Also, GOP policies actively hurt economic growth
Dear Senator, if you believe this is a reasonable assumption, would you care to put some money on it?

Your support and that of your #PartyOfLiars of this President reveals u as a bigot and a #traitor to our constitution. #CowardCornyn
Because it is fantasy and you know it!!
Just shut up! You have become totally irrelevant to your constituents. How about raising the tax rate on the rich, not the poor?!
Maybe you can discuss this with your constituents at your upcoming town hall.
Are you getting it that not all people are as uneducated as you & rest of GOP hope we are? In fact, we are aware & angry w your deception.
it's ok not to understand finance and economics John. Hire someone who does to walk you through it.
its not complaining, its justified critique _ there is no sign whatsoever that these rosy forecasts are realistic.Budget dreams ! @tedcruz
Pointing out the absurdity of that assumption isn't complaining, it's being reasonable. Good topic for a town hall, though.
Not "rosy" -- more like delusional. "Magical thinking" is not found economic policy.
If we don't reach 3% I'm assuming you'll make up the difference out of your own pocket then?  Cool.
Thank you, Captain Obvious
- Not complaining - noting assumptions don't comport with reality
:Sir:  do you read comments?  This is only communication--dialogue--if it's 2-way. Plz respond. Cite economists. We're not dumb.
Oh that and the $2T double counting too..
It's impossible to have an intelligent discussion about something so complex as the US budget on twitter. Look 4ward to your townhall.
duh
Brennan (CIA) pattern of Russian operation in Trump camp you might want to change that spot your popping your tent
Update: Critics now complain that @gop can't add numbers properly. John Cornyn sends ignorant tweet as his response. Gawd you're awful.
Make it happen then
We voted for Trump because he's the only one really listening to taxpayers!  SPEND MY MONEY WISELY, SENATOR!  SUPPORT THE PRESIDENT!
I thought Krugman's comment on this not-very-credible budget was amusing:
Just a minor piece of the Trump budget fiasco, but still: Schrodinger's death tax -- both abolished and a major revenue source. 
http://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2017/05/23/trump-budget-scam-215183 …
Disappointed in your comment that budget is DOA.  As your constituent, I want a balanced budget, eliminate fraud/waste. Make tough choices!
What are YOUR thoughts about the atrocious, insane, field day for the VERY wealthy (your people) budget? Get off your knees and tell us.
Going from 2% to 3% is, in reality, a 50% increase. One more thing the GOP is all talk and no sense on.
Who said "This is kind of the game, "  "We know that the president's budget won't pass as proposed." ?  Oh, that was YOU!
Critics also don't believe in unicorns & leprechauns, you know why??? They're fairy tales, just like this ridiculous growth plan.  
Not true, I'm complaining about what a shitty senator you are.
Critics now complain of POTUS unrealistic rosy economic assumption to justify a rediculous budget. Bad assumption = bad budget @JohnCornyn
this is a terrible budget proposal that decimates help to those that need it most, just to make the rich richer (and pay for STUPID wall)
I would be far more impressed with a president who was able to balance the budget without unrealistic forecasts. This is just irresponsible!
When you go home tonight, please meditate on this: my devotion to 45 could cost me my job. #partyovercountry #YouWorkForUs
I'm disgusted with the dishonest reporting using the word CUTS. You and Trump need some simple charts to explain this to the public.
You mean sober, objective people?  No one believes him on anything anymore.  That's the price of chronic lying.
Critics? What about experts?
Also, didn't you say something about the proposed budget not going anywhere? Did yoi change your tune to be *more* pro-Trump?
It may be time to stop enabling bad policy, John. No really. This is crap, and I believe that you know it. Self-preservation time, Senator.
Were you in the gang of 8 that was briefed in Aug and covered up the hacking to help Trump win
They're unrealistic based on current environment.  Get a brain & stop being Trump stooge.
Why so shy, senator? Why not a little townhall or two? No confidence in your job performance?

#RubberStampForTrump
Fake news.
The budget is immoral.  Those of us with a conscience will oppose it. Why don't you grow a heart and a backbone and join us?
well, instead of whining-U explain how growth will increase? Exceed actuals the last 10 yrs? With tax CUTS and budget INCREASES?
Grade school kids already found simple arithmetic errors. Rs are incompetent Trump boobs, he's infected your party with epic stoopid.
Because no credible person can back that up. Can you find someone who will support the claim that 3% growth is reasonable?
Do that voodoo that u do
As they should.   It's called Pie in the sky!
Because it's impossible
You misspelled economists.
Have you looked at trumps proposed budget? Seriously, have you? Good grief!
Because our economy hasn't tended to fair well when the safety net is ripped to shreds and handed out to wealthy people to make bracelets
Rightfully so. We have a mature economy and growth will never be as high as it once was! Talk to an economist
It's not just being too mature it's about regulations & govt limiting growth. I own a bus & reg have limited & slowed my pace of growth.
It's the same old trickle down smoke and mirrors BS that has been used by to screw the middle class since 1979. Y do u defend a liar?
Those were glory years for our POTUS
Are you already trying to walk back your 'Trump's budget is dead on arrival - all of them are' comment from less than 48 hours ago?
Vote NO on this bill! #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator
Every1 complains about this blood sucking corrupt admin. No 1 to include U give a  about the people. Rich getting richer off the mid n poor
Release trumps taxes to Mueller
Yesterday your boy gowdy didn't like the answers he was hearing from the old director. I he was coming at all angles to get 1 word  NO
That is a valid criticism. I have little faith in corporations to hire after tax cuts. Many have had record profits for years and no jobs.
John, it's not your job to defend Trump, focus on your job.
How can you defend a budget that cuts aid to those who need it most?
Will never happen @JohnCornyn.
math is hard
This is literally the largest and stupidest arithmetic mistake in the history of the federal budget http://nym.ag/2q7sBcD 

The Trump budget has an addition and subtraction problem, via @BCAppelbaum  https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/05/23/us/politics/budget-cuts-deficit.html?_r=0&referer=https://t.co/BbMBjqnLgD …
Rosy, no... delusional, maybe...
@JohnCornyn how about you respond to your constituents, you know the people you supposedly represent in Texas from your ivory tower in DC
Isnt being fiscally skeptical a GOP trademark? Supporting a budget that devastates our vulnerable isnt very Christian either...just sayin
Hiding behind Christianity to enrich themselves & destroy mid class & poor. Democracy is in peril. We must fight to keep it.
Dynamic scoring and rosy projections are a bipartisan issue. Do you support removal of dynamic scoring?
I agree. Obama was wrong and so is Trump. 2% is high for where an advanced economy is going to be for the foreseeable future.
Why don't you come to Texas, have a few town halls, and convince me otherwise.
Nothing, but nothing, is "rosy" about this so called "administration". It is a non-healing gangrenous wound on the soul of America.
thanks for contributing so thoughtfully and constructively!
Sorry. I trust @LHSummers assessment. And with that there's the whole "bleed the poor/sick/elderly/children to line my pockets" aspect.
They also c complain of senators who avoid their constituents and refuse to do town halls.
They also complain of being ignored and talked down to by condescending, hypocritical Senators and representatives.
