.@ErnestMoniz: "strong case to be made" that Pres climate decision "biggest foreign policy error" since Iraq War. 
You thinking it's silly doesn't make it not true
So you're down to just variations on "if you disagree with me, you're stupid" now? It's not a good look for a US Senator.
You have so much time to tweet yet no time for town hall?
The only thing that is "silly" is that the GOP can't get anything done.  #byeFelicia  Time to vote every last right wing conservative OUT
Cornyn thinks #climatechange is "silly." Does he also show his grandkids apocalyptic planetary destruction films for "fun"? #cornynstakeout
the rest of the world agrees, only @realDonaldTrump and @GOP and of course the 20+ clucks who signed the letter don't agree.  hmmmm
@KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz @CNN your right! #russia is our worst foreign policy mistake
True -- his biggest foreign policy blunder by far is Pro-Russian foreign policy. So bad it
is impeachable
Cornyn has $1,134,506.00 reasons not to want to stay in Paris agmt. all from coal, oil and gas interests.
^This.
You're right about one thing: Trumps pro Russia policy is the worst foreign policy blunder in history!
#Impeach45
Half the Great Barrier Reef just died, the other half pending, but yeah, ecological literacy aside, sure. No big deal.
Please go sit down and quit embarrassing our state
And tRumps foreign policy rating is a B+ my ass. Twitter isn't his problem. His twisted ignorant lunatic MIND is the issue
He's MENTALLY ILL
Again, nothing silly about climate change.
Some people believe the scientific consensus & then there's you… Time will tell who's being silly as all our lives are in ur hands, Senator
@KateBolduan You obviously don't know what you are speaking about! Its great that President Trump got us out of Obama's mess!
Absolutely the worst foreign policy decision ever. Remember. Not everybody in Texas is a stupid Drumpf deplorable
You used to be smarter than this, John. What happened? Did the putin potus cut off your cajones?! #ClimateChangeIsReal 
He drank copious amounts of #TrumpPutinKoolAid
You mean #covfete? 
The GOP dug too deep.
Moniz is PHD Stanford nuclear physicist and frmr US Sec of Energy. YOU think he is silly? YOU know better? Best to keep quiet.
45 and GOP Regime trust the "facts" spewed by Hannity and rest of those morons.#impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump #impeachtrump
If you love trump so much why did you bow out of FBI nomination?HYPOCRITE.Which side are you on?
Trumps or the good of the country?
PICK ONE
@EnergySecMoniz could not agree with Mr Moniz more.
actually it will be shown to be true each day more and more.. none of our world wide allies trust us any more..
Is #silly your #covfefe ?  Some code only u,  #45 & a few select people understand? How about #LastTermCornyn
Who manages your twitter account? If it's a staffer you need to fire them, they're making you look stupid. If not, we need to fire you.
I'm in total agreement with this. You are old, irrelevant, and support the worst President in history. #votebluetexas
Pelosi invoking God and the Bible almost broke my TV.
@MattMackowiak @KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz @CNN no...nope the silliest thing was " Fake Media" .....yep that was way sillier
In the world of Trump surrogates that's not even close to being true
Poor snowflake, you just can't handle the truth.  Do you need your pacifier?  Or is the fossil fuel industry paying you per ignorant tweet?
The Pentagon, ExxonMobil, the insurance industry, & financial industry, & every country but Syria. Denial just looks *really* stupid now.
You learned lots about climate & physics in law school eh? Or maybe journalism? More than a PhD physicist? Do you even know what physics is?
Cornyn knows he has a job until 2020, he no longer has to pretend to  care, work, meet, or represent his constituents.
nope. Absolutely spot on. Short term thinking just like Iraq war boosters who said it would be over in weeks.
Silly? When did you become a nuclear Physicist? I'm a disappointed constituent. What happened to you?
Well, it's hard to just pick one. There's a long list of Donnie's foreign policy errors, and you have a stateroom on the Trump Titanic
@KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz @CNN when u don't understand something John, just ask.
Definitely not silly..clean energy efforts employs 6x the people coal does, Accord would keep the Great Lakes clean, 21% of freshwater-loser
Remember your TV commercials for your election, you were wearing your little cowboy outfit? THAT was the silliest thing Ever!!
Who is God's name are you to question anything this incredibly qualified and brilliant man has to say. Your arrogance is limitless!
John Cornyn is a puppet of Trump...a special kind of Yankee bootlicker
You are a fraud & pathetic senator. I am so looking forward to when you are booted out. @KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz
Our senator is too busy cashing checks from Big Oil to listen to the concerns of real Texans. Not a day of honest work in 15+ years.
You are such a lap dog. Securing that spot in the administration huh? DT does love those that suck up to him.
Even Exon and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson were in favor of staying in the Paris accord. R U a Putin puppet too? #blue wave coming in TX
Please hold a town hall and tell us exactly HOW silly you think the reactions to pulling out of the Paris Agreement are.
@KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz @CNN Maybe not-we just have to wait and see, don't we? Our grandchild will surely know.
I happen to agree with them, as do most scientists. I suggest you meet with #scientists and review #ClimateChangeFacts.
Nancy, you're asking a Republican to READ, review & think independently. That's just too far out there - they have no capability to do so!
At one point it was only a poorly kept secret here in Texas, but your moronity is now world renowned. Great work John, you truly deserve it!
Cannot wait till u r voted out
No, it's not. I believe you are making a terrible decision. I am your constituent and you need to listen. I will be calling daily. Fyi
Disagree...this was a Stephen Bannon nationalist policy decision.  It reinforced Trump's failure to mention Article 5.  It sends a message
to the world that they cannot rely on the US for moral leadership, as representative democracy, to lead as a clean energy super-power.
Trump weakens the West and the only people celebrating are Russians and delusional Trump supports.....and I guess you????
Trumps isolationism will be the ruin of America and his voters will be hurt the most.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
What has happened to you?  There actually was a  time I admired you and actually voted for you.  Country over party!
Girl nailed it, son.
Science is silly to the ignorant
Thanks for having my back, John Coal-man, I mean Oil-man, I mean Cornyn. MAGA!
Disagree.  Hope we dont need our former allies anytime soon militarily.  They may reneg
...townhall?
You are clueless.
US creates new big three with Syria and Nicaragua.These countries have great values Trump is Making Russia Great Again Aren't you concerned
Governing is hard when inclined 2 complain & obstruct, & sit on hands. Where is immigration reform bill? Need another 20 years, Maj Whip?
Tell your grandchildren this is "silly". They might even believe you until they grow up--and wise up.
@GOP 
Nihilist as Maj Whip can find something 2 obstruct.

How's that townhall schedule progressing?
@KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz did Senate ratify that treaty????
Pretty sure this guy is a scientist and you are a #cowardCornyn and a #politicalparasite #partyshill who's getting rich from corp interests
@KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz @CNN not so sure. Do you like being in same group as ONLY Nicaragua and Syria for NO GOOS REASON?!
We shall see buddy.  We shall see.  I bet you guys got a nice war in ya though.  So maybe 2nd?
Trump/Russia WILL NOT disappear without a complete independant investigation #coverup  #MarchforTruth  #Texasvoter
If you think it's that silly why did you do NOTHING about it? Funny how you jump on the bandwagon now. Hypocrite. Vote Cornyn out of office
John ... you are funny, but everyone knows the silliest things said, regardless of topic, is whatever comes from you.
Says the guy bought and paid for by Gas and Oil.
Best to leave this to the experts, which you are NOT!  ExxonMobil, Shell, Google & other large providers of jobs DO NOT AGREE!
What, the assertion that we could be leaders in a new economy?  Sounds like the right plan to me!
Have a town hall and explain why you think so.
@KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz Have you been watching the president, Cruz or Abbott at all?
The President's already made so many foreign policy errors, it's a real toss-up. Violating FVEY confidences, taunting North Korea...
Your support of leaving  #ParisClimateDeal at the detriment of the future of your own grandchildren! Shame. Disappointed in my Senators!
Trump's biggest one, for sure.
Truth. Like it or not.
Lawyers and corrupt legislators who owe favors to the awl bidness, they know way more about climate (vs. weather)change than scientists.
So what are your scientific credentials john
Sez Rs. Wars over resources, starvation and disease, the drowning of your coastal constituents. Don't matter. Shut that scientist up.
Oh man, you pushed for both didn't you? Do you ever get tired of being catastrophically wrong?
It certainly is not the smallest foreign policy error. #climatechange is a huge concern.
To ignore climate change for the sake of a short-term boost to some US industries is wildly irresponsible on a global scale.
No. The silliest was the President's speech.
@KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz @CNN No, your constituents think u are the silliest thing that happened today. Mr. Complicit w/Russia
Trump is owed by ExxonMobil.   That's all I need to know.
Oh, now you speak up! 

CASTRO for US Senator 2020
Nobel physicist v John. Did you even listen to the case Moniz made? History says you tweet headlines but haven't read the story. Same here?
Speaking of silly things, how are YOU? We will remember your officious support of this disaster of a president.  This is your last term.
Ah, yes.  We should take Sir Mophead literally AND seriously!
He's an idiot!!
Couldn't agree more.. #lookingforheadlines.
Here's something even sillier, John. "God will take care of climate change" 
Care to actually make an argument rather than adding nonsense? Given your track record I have no reason to trust your judgment.
you believe the pain, suffering and possible wars that will be waged over the lack of natural resources are silly? U r the worst

Before Trump left #Paris, these 22 Senators told him to. Hold them accountable: http://bit.ly/2s1v0G7  
Most awful thing is the vast amount of money  you and @tedcruz received from oil to see this die. Your days are numbered #traitor
https://twitter.com/IndivisibleTeam/status/870659566945619968 …
So why do @elonmusk and @JeffImmelt disagree with you on the existence of climate change? Tell us again how smart you are!
How so? The US just abdicated willingly & w/out remorse world leadership. China & Germany will fill the void. Take off your gop glasses.
@KateBolduan @ErnestMoniz @CNN Seriously you trust our dancing w the stars EPA director over this guy?
John, tell how much oil and gas have lined your coffers? I'll wait....or i suppose it's public knowldge, so I'll just post.
I agree. Colluding with the Russians will turn out to be the worst foreign policy by a US President. Ever. And you stood right with him.
You don't like this topic? Fine. I'd rather know what you're doing to investigate #Trumprussia. Is our President compromised by Putin?
dis of Nato members was worse than Paris withdrawal.
You're disgusting and will be voted out of office soon enough, as a constituent of yours I'm sure of it
Don't worry. You still maintain the top 10 stupidest things said.
Not according to @FareedZakaria .  I like Fareed a lot. Smart man.  I still admire intelligence and passionate centrism,Senator.And I vote.
.@JohnCornyn I'm sure your support has nothing to do with oil companies that have lined your campaign chests. We're watching. #TXVoter

Explain why Trump, his Repubs and Syria believe they know more about climate change than the rest of the world? Ignorant Jerks!  #VoteGopOut
Mr. Cornyn: with all due respect, your statement just shows how out of touch you are on this topic.
The world seems to have passed you by. Dumber than dirt comes to mind to describe your knowledge and ability to truth tell.
Yes, attack the silliest argument instead of the best. Take the coward's way out
We should be leading this effort. To ignore science is to deny future generations the same chance past generations have had. #maketexasblue
We all live in this planet.  For the U.S. to not engage with the world is an isolationist strategy...and dangerously tests our democracy.
So,  what's the plan for staying the leaders on all new energy technologies? Keep burning oil while the rest move on to solar and electric?
Another Obama guy your Right it is funny. Y'all know that boy is not from around here.
You mean, Massachusetts? Shut up and sit down, child, adults are talking here.
Who do u think you are sonny. Just a disrespectful person who needs a lesson in manners
No. No it's not you hack.
Hey john, we can all agree its silly that you represent Texans. You're a terrible senator
Isn't Moniz the traitor who gave Iran $150B?
the more you tweet, the more committed I am to fight for you to be voted out of a job
As a European, this is not wrong. It has nothing to do with the content of the Agreement. Withdrawing from a deal with allies is bad policy.

Your shortsightedness in this matter is astounding.
Man - RepubliCONs will say anything to protect their treasonous leader. Total scumbags
who are you to judge given you are aligned with a corrupt administration
How's it feel to be sitting next to Syria- a country whose leader is gassing his people? Feel good and noble?
I'm pretty sure the silliest things said about this topic all came from Donald Trump's own mouth. Let's ask 99% OF THE WORLD'S SCIENTISTS...
no ur among the silliest things said on this topic
And undisputedly among the silliest historical entrants into the US Senate
For @JohnCornyn: Oil Industry Campaign Funds > Scientific Consensus-Majority of US Voters-Pentagon-Business Leaders-Basic Human Compassion
This is a foreign policy self inflicted wound. It wouldn't even cost us that much particularly with other major countries on board.
Really? Disagreeing with every country other than Nicaragua and Syria strikes me as rather unclever. America is becoming a laughingstock.
...and Nicaragua is pursuing a more aggressive approach than the #parisaccord, to saving the environment.
So yes, just is and Syria....and their country is run by a brutal madman, so at least they have an excuse. This is beyond shameful.
What a thoughtful and nuanced argument, John Cornyn. Must be why those silly, brilliant, much-smarter-than-you CEOs exited Trump's council.
Let them go.
Nah
Not even close. See anything by climate change deniers.
Larry Summers said the same thing. We will more trouble getting other countries to cooperate on things important to us.
I think the VP saying "for some reason" people are concerned about climate change is WAY sillier.
Yes!  That was a crazy thing for VP to say!
I blame the press covfefe.
He forgot to say "this week", @potus will make much worse errors before he's finally removed from office in disgrace...
Yes, this is what I fear.
maybe you should hear what the Pentagon has to say about ignoring climate change
