My insurance is up almost 200% in Texas w Blue Cross Blue Shield & no eye or dental & no new benefits.
Sounds like a great argument for single payer.
In my exp when the govt gets involved it will cost us more. I feel if we go to single payer it will be even more expensive. Nothing's free!
Listen, nobody's going to say a single-payer system is perfect. But it does work and it does control costs better than what we have now.
I work in a hospital. I see DAILY people not getting the care they need because they have no insurance, or they do but it refuses to pay.
Because they will do that: refuse payment whenever they can. And for non-funded, hospitals must provide care anyway. Guess what is our most
reliable payer? Medicare. It's despicable to let any private company make a profit off the sick.
I have Federal Employees Ins and it is awesome with low premiums. The federal gov pays out  a great deal for us. Why can u have great ins?
Few healthy are signing up because penalty just reached its maximum this tax year. Also, ACA has no health cost controls.
Instead of playing the Obama card tell us how your proposed replacement will control health costs, or cover more people.
#FakeNews
We need one payer, Medicare for all. Healthcare shouldn't be a privilege of wealth!
You fail to tell ur constituents that the hikes in premiums are mainly a result of Rep Gov opting out of Medicaid.
Fine, give us what all of Europe has,nationalized medical care. It's a human right
What insurance do you have Senator? You probably have the Federal Employees Ins. Explain to ur constituents how much u pay.
Those states are also the same states that fought like hell to ensure the ACA failed. What about the 11 that created their own exchanges?
Senator, you reject affordable healthcare for all Americans, but u r perfectly fine w/The great policy u have for being a federal worker.
When this plan of yours harms millions of Texans, you won't find Trump standing with you Cornyn. He's a master at shifting blame. Beware.
I'm not for any party. UT it seems historically the GOP is about the wealthy and not the general public
I've worked with medical insurance for 24 years. Get off the lobbyist train.

But they were already going up before Obamacare. Blame whose responsible,  the insurance companies.  Stop with the political lies
Dems have the answers but have been sabotaged by GOP.  Cross the aisle and help us have quality affordable health care!
AHCA will be worse not better. Fix the healthcare problem not complain about it.
do you know why?
Reform not repeal.  The house plan has now been revealed for what it is and its horrible!
Wondering why? You can thank your GOP congressmen and senators.
Yep, and probably would have gone up anyway. Why do you keep focusing on ObamaCare. Create a better solution, that is what we pay you to do!
So what is YOUR plan to bring down costs.  Cuz all I see is you trying to give tax breaks to your rich friends, not better healthcare.
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION!
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!
How is Trumpcare going to remedy that??
So fix it and quit complaining
Doesn't account for subsidies, but ok is the solution to remove 20m people's insurance, screw elderly and pre-existing conditions?
Have you read the CBO score? If not, then you're derelict in your duty to country. If you have, then you're either stupiid or a liar.
So your solution is to cut people from coverage, increase premiums for the elderly, disallow pre-existing conditions & reduce services? Nice
Remind us why a worse statute that harms millions of Texans is any kind of solution to this purported problem, Corny?
Universal Healthcare works just fine in the rest of the world at half the cost of USA. Please explain at a Town Hall why not here.? 
The healthcare industry needs to face anti trust regulations. Their gross margins have to be astronomical.
Get government out of MY health insurance decisions. I don't need big brother controlling my life. Since when did government get so involved
A true leader would've been working to fix the ACA the past few years. Instead, @JohnCornyn & Rs continue to work to gut our healthcare.
(3) All I see is R's trying to replace ACA w/ something worse just so they can get bragging rights. Stop posturing, start fixing
(2) The real question is, what are you going to do about it?
(1) I don't think anyone debates the fact that ACA didn't fix all the problems w/ healthcare--Rep. obstructionism saw to that.
How do you counter this?
Not sure, but willing to bet that "nyah nyah nyah can't hear you also Obama" will figure prominently
You made me laugh out loud at work. Well done!
Screaming about problems w #ACA doesn't excuse #AHCA
The #AHCA is NOT the solution. Fix the #ACA & show us that people over party exists
playing games with insurance subsidies on a month to month basis causes some of this
Once again Senator Cornyn, math. 105% < 850% projected under #TrumpCare. This is now about erasing Obama, not about American healthcare.
I would suggest single payer but that probably doesn't make you richer so you don't care.  Also?  Quit playing the Obama card 
& whatever you do, don't mention the Russians.
How do you feel about 800% increases for the elderly?That's what the AHCA has in store.Listen to your constituents and not ins. co. donors!
States were given option to handle own exchange and refused. New plan forces control on them and you want me to believe they'll do better?
Because y'all have done nothing to help the average American. Keep standing in the way of progress your days in office are numbered
What do the polls say about the other states? Hmmm.. You will find their premiums went up substantially too! And what you are about to do...
.@JohnCornyn if you spent this much energy making ACA better, we would be in good shape.  Instead, your partisan side is coming through.
Listen, if you're fixated on deregulation, fine.   But let's start be driving down costs.  Why can't a PA operate non-ER care without MD?
Still not buying the BS.
@charles_gaba courtesy phone for you.
But the alternative is going back to large numbers of people uninsured & Texas is #1 in that category.
What about the ones where they are state run, hmm?
My insurance covers me at a rate I can afford despite my having a pre-existing condition.
Hey @JohnCornyn why have you only retweeted the one tweet that agrees with you? What about the rest of us? You represent us all!
You do understand that premiums do not equal out of pocket costs, right? Subsidies offset the premium increases.
Saw your speech just now on AHCA Very strong arguments !
"Stunningly dishonest"
Trump's team issues an incredibly dishonest study of Obamacare rate increases http://fw.to/kWaidFS 
Single payer. Single payer. Single payer. See, much like you, if I say it enough times, naybe it will come true!!
So , you're promising the AHCA will solve this problem?
Again, b/c pre-existing illness and the poor are a liability to the profit of insurance company... Gov't regulation is only solution
We get it. The GOP supports insurance company profits over the health of Americans. You're a boring broken record.
Until the govt puts price controls on what hospitals can charge private payers, healthcare costs will continue to go up.
And now you have no problem letting insurance co.'s charge us 50-65 year olds five times more!  I am already paying more than my mortgage!
If people will get out and vote!
Weird how all you can do is bash Obamacare. Why don't you talk about how great ACHA is?  Oh, right.  It's way worse.
What's your point? Prove that the R plan will drive them down. Stop running on someone else's policy. Offer something better or shhhhh.
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION?
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!

You r truly unbelievable. You r complaining about a system when ur "fix" will make things infinitely worse.  How do u sleep at night?
Here in Texas ours doubled since Ocare started.  Ridiculous that insurance premium would make for a nice house payment.
- Scrap AHCA & either fix ACA or go single payer. Problems with ACA largely rest with GOP. Universal care for all citizens!!
thanks Mr obvious. So when will you and @SenateMajLdr get off your asses and do #FullRepeal. Useless drones. #TermLimits
How much will premiums increase for a 65 year old on the new plan?  Remember how much rates rose from 2001-2006?
CBO score is out.

—14 MIL more uninsured by next year
—23 MIL more uninsured by 2026
Single payer.
I'll take the 105% over the Republican's 850%.
People shouldn't forget how insurance companies were screwing over so many before ObamaCare. That's why Reps want to keep so many parts.
Explain to us how AHCA magically fixes anything. Explain that to someone your age who makes $25k/yr and will see an increase of 800%.
Thanks to the GOP's sabotage of our healthcare system. You would rather kill and impoverish Americans for political gains.
lets discuss how Trumpcare care is going to affect the lives of millions @indivisibletxjc @IndivisibleTX05 @Indivisibletx7
Would have increased much faster w/o Obamacare and 24 million less people would have insurance, insurers kicking ppl off, preconditions, etc
John, stop trying to bs us. We've seen the CBO score. We might be Texans, but we ain't stupid. Save the lies for your GOP peers.
So in summation, we are taking insurance 23 million of you freeloaders!
