The US didn't accept defeat on 12-7-41. We have staying power.
Choose to reach across the aisle instead of fueling partisanship. Extend your hand for the greater good.
Losing? We are just getting started. Thanks for the fuel.
But the judiciary is winning.
You'll note that even the circuit judge appointed by Bush voted against Trump's stay of the TRO.
You said the decision was made by "the most liberal" circuit, but the conservative on the panel voted against Trump.
.@JohnCornyn
.@JohnCornyn
Again with the bashing of your constituents.
This is a dumb article. They lost in November. The next real battle is November 2018. Waiting to see how much damage is done.
supposed to be representing ALL the people of TX, how is this post supposed help those of us that are TX dems feel represented?
instead of 'war', maybe focus on the things your constituents actually want accomplished? Stop being petty and serve your people
Not against Trump. Worried for the country we love and loss of constitutional rights being threatened.
it ain't a war. That's inflammatory. Shame.
.@JohnCornyn
How did you enjoy the 9th Court?...your a puke
Please explain, as someone who isn't Dem/Rep, what your purpose is here? Bragging about unfit choices and terrible policies?
Youre insulting your constituents & you dont care. Im embarrassed that you represent me. It should be about people, not parties.
When you only vote on party line, everyone loses. You should be ashamed. Voting in unqualified cabinet members hurts the country
STOP posting about the Democrats! #DoYourJOB
thank you for citing a real newspaper. I disagree with the sentiment expressed but IBD has real journalism cred.
Whatever helps you sleep at night, Senator.
That is what you think....just wait your going to be REAL surprised
many of us are in Texas.  You would be advised to listen to what we are saying and stop willfully ignoring your constituents.
too bad there has to be a war. All y'all politicians need to learn the art of compromise.
why don't you have a live in person town hall to discuss?
.@MilkyMcCarty .@JohnCornyn Agree. You have reckless disregard for what your constituents want. 2018 is so close and you will be replaced.
sorry to burst your bubble....I want him replaced as well, but it's 2020 for Cornyn
true, but 2018 can oust GOP majority rule, diminishing his reign so no bubble burst here
We may be losing some of the battles, but we won't lose the war.  We are not going away so be wary.
Way to be divisive. I guess you only represent the Texans that are red? This red Texan is sick of your extreme partisanship
but we're gathering our strength to resist you & Cruz as elections roll up, trump will torch himself, no help needed.
I don't think so!
Have a townhall, say that to our faces! Let's oust the useless #partisanhack #election2020. #coward not worth anything to #texas
No, not so much. We will remember your vote on DeVos. Good luck with that.
Sorry to break it to you but the #RESISTANCE is a bipartisan effort to save  from tyranny. Not Dem v Rep "war."
time is up old man, enjoy your last couple years in office
be clear sir. I am your constituent and I oppose almost everything you stand for and I assure you I am not unhinged!
Town Hall sir and we will show you the people feel. Are you scared? #coward
@DBrandewie @SenTedCruz @dallasnews Trump stated on live CNN 1-19-17 paid Cornyn $ & he had to work for it. Cornyn sold his soul
And if you would answer your phone you'd realize how many of us there are. 2020 can't come soon enough #stillwepersist
No one respects Hillary Clinton or like her, don't blame me I Voted for President Donald Trump
They lost the war when they picked Hillary Clinton to lead them, Donald Duck could of beating her as well.
Your arrogant dismissal of a large number of your constituents will only make us resist you more. #WePersist
fake news. The moment you step foot in your district you're going to run away like a coward.
a bit premature to declare victory. The war has only just begun.
Are you even listening to all Texans demanding to be heard? Progressives live here to and you are NOT listening! TOWN HALLS!!!!
As your constituent, I weary of you demonizing me for supporting progress in the US. I will work hard to remove you from office.
No, We are not.  You will be losing your job soon, though.
U r clearly out of touch. Can't wait to hear u distancing urself from corruption in 45's admin u r spineless  #investigateTrump
- Someone is losing their seat next election.
.@JohnCornyn  While GOP are digging their own metaphorical graves with their constituents. Answer your phone & talk to us instead of insults
, ya think??  Not so, Senator. We are watching closely
you are not listening-not to Dems, not to Texans, not to americans
I hope you will work with him, and not try to undermine him behind the scenes.
you err by continuing to view what's happening in our country as a war between the GOP and the Democrats. Wake up.
Please stick up for us the Trump administration scare me...
you are talking nonsense.
Perhaps a real leader would refrain from gloating or promoting a partisan war. Show some integrity #resist
you keep telling yourself that.
regardless we will continue to resist & stand for values we believe in, like the people. All people. And Corps are not people.
and republicans are losing their constituents.
again, check your sources.
Houston needs so very much.  Can you DO YOUR JOB and answer your constituents questions?
we can't lose what we never had(Trump)
follow his votes and comments. Perhaps, this will get Dems and Rep out to vote in his re-election!!
hang on tight fool. We haven't lost yet!
Its nice to see you admitting to being completely partisan because that's not petty. You are an embarrassment to Texas.
you're going to be on the wrong side of this. I'd keep my distance if I was you.
The civil war is just beginning. These early scrimmages don't mean the war is lost. You'd be wise to listen instead of gloat.
Many Texans are against Trump, not just democrats!!! A perfect example is Former First Lady Barbara Bush.
Alternative facts, Senator.
You will be replaced ! Let me say, @realDonaldTrump phrase, YR Fired " by the people. Not making many friends or supporters
it just started sir
in bizarro world?  How out of touch are you?
quit deluding yourself. The Resistance is making major gains.
Republicans are losing their war with reality. Impeachment, along w/your unemployment, are coming faster than you can imagine.
You and @tedcruz are the ones losing. #WeAreWatching #WeAreVoting #2018 #2020
- don't call it yet the war isn't 3 weeks. The war is thru '20 to vote you out. We need a rep for ALL of Texas. #uworkforus
No, you're losing a war with your constituents.
3 judges ruled 45's EO is crap
Millions march against 45
Corp Am denounce 45
GOP is hate filled & in bed w/ Putin="winning" NOT
#TownHallinTexas
and you are losing votes by the minute.
Let's check back on this thesis after the 2018 elections.
Democrats lost to Trump in 2016
24/7/365 fill Fed courts w Trump appointees
the only losers are the American people.
This good guy, bad guy approach is childish and insulting. Grow up, grow some balls, and listen to your constituents for once.
Your source for news is apparently similar to your source for voting choices. Business above constituents. #2020
false. It's just begun. #resist
@jaz2cox 
Hardly.  We are organizing and unifying.  We are the new tea party. And we will voting in 2018. You should be scared.
we aren't at war, we are voicing our democracy as the Constitution allows! Have you read it? #Resist
tell trump to release his taxes. Investigate Russia's influence in our elections. Preserve medicare and social security.
why on Earth are you on Trumps side?
please denounce this fool. I am so disgusted by the GOP. Lost any ounce of respect
we would not have lost our war in Betsy deVos if you had any ethics to follow your constituents wishes
so it's all about republicans against democrats?? It's not about the people you SERVE?
.@JohnCornyn wishful thinking. While you play crony politics, your constituents are organizing, planning, and taking action. We #resist
Focus on working with them. Partisan politics are destroying America. You only work with Trump because he claims he is GOP
You live in an alternate reality where Trump is popular, spelling is not important, and Texas is highly sophisticated.
The more resistance the Democrats give OUR president, the stronger we become. #MAGA
Your job isn't to fight Dems. It's to represent your constituents whether they are Dems or Republicans.
Which means that Trumps coup against our democracy is in danger UNLESS you decide to do YOUR job, sir?
keep telling yourself that
lol definitely keep telling yourself that. You're too afraid to meet your constituents. But you're winning? LOL 
If U think fighting for what is right because Senators such as yourself aren't, then I'll take unhinged. Try again my paid Sen.
the US will lose everything w Trump.  Guess you're ok joining up w Russia.
We're patient, need time to replace u & Cruz... til Texas is blue...again...
- might want to put country over party. Russia story widens & you need to do more than symbolic sig on letter. #TownHallTX
to USE the language of POTUS, the GOP is losing worser.
WOW. You're citing Investor's Business Daily while Ds are fighting for the middle class. Telling, sir. Very telling.
Losing? Over half the vote and probably a portion of the non-vote are trying to make their voices heard. Your job is to listen.
You're losing your mind with reality.  Have you seen what's happening in Washington DC?!
Someone's busy this morning.. Spending your Saturday trying to drive an extremely partisan & non relevant message, are we?
Quote opeds all you want, unless you #DoYourJob for Texas worry not for POTUS but for Your own seat in 2020
it shouldn't have to be a war but since he insults everybody who doesn't agree with him it becomes that.
WRONG. The people. We the real people. We will prevail.
what with the snarky?  Reminder, you represent ALL Texans and if you don't start showing it...bye bye in 2020
They are doing the right thing by fighting against Trump. They may be currently losing but more ppl in America voted against him
And you're losing votes by the minute. Support an investigation into Trump's conflicts of interest. Avoiding it is disgraceful.
By all objective accounts, 45 keeps getting his ass handed to him by our judicial system. Enjoy your alternative facts.
you're losing your war with your constituents. Dems are standing up for human rights. You stand up for corporate rights.
wrong.

Wars just begun and we are not all DEMS. We are retirees, nurses, teachers, CEO's, investors, managers, welders, electricians...
great article the American people have woken up. We're taking our Country back with no apologies
The #Trump brand is losing also, why? The demographics of the Trump voter can't afford it and the educated are running away
maybe it's not always abt political wins and loses. Try doing something for the country and not just for your party for once
I
No1 patriotic interests should the safety of America. We elected @POTUS to help protect ALL our borders. #DOorDIE
and the GOP and president are loosing the public.  What's your point .  Regardless, both side's should be choosing  over party
we gotta wait till 2020 to get rid of this one. Want to run against him? I'll help you!
THAT SHOULD BE NORMAL, PLEASE!
John, I'm also tired of your extreme partisanship. Is not just democrats who are against Trump, it's all sane people
we're just getting started. Your #alternativefactsarenotfacts
John, you are running out of chances to stand up to Trump. You can see he's in flames and will explode soon?
well they have my attention now and as a constituent in Texas I will vote next time you are running for reelection
You keep telling yourself that. We're coming for your Senate seat, and we will get it.
then why are you the one whining about receiving so many phone calls from us?

See you at the impeachment trial Big John.
