You say border, I say immigration. Remember when the House Republicans refused an up-or-down vote on that bipartisan Senate bill? I do!
For those who need another reminder of the ridiculous level of obstruction by the feckless GOP-
You're already decimating our ecosystem with this total bullish!t. How much land are y'all stealing?
First map of the border wall, via the McAllen @monitornews  http://www.themonitor.com/news/immigration/article_a7237160-796f-11e7-a379-837d144b424d.html … 
Illegally decimating land -
Seeing ppl wading N the H2O is HOW U C Illegals? They do NOT pay Taxes but they take from State & Local Charities! Besides they're criminals
Look here ding dong, your gibberish had ZERO to do with what I posted and as far as I can tell isn't even English.

Try getting your mind out of the gutter & cleaning up ur mouth w soap! That would be a good start! In understanding any American Citizen!
you're muted for 1. Being off topic 2. Butchering the English language & 3. Thinking you have any right trying to control my language.
Try to have a good day!
I don't want to pay for that fvcken wall.
*on
Thanks.
You talk, investigate, and talk some more, AND STILL NOTHING to further @POTUS agenda. #BuildTheWall &
#RepealObamaCare + #Jobs #Jobs #Jobs
FALSE
Support our President and support our country's security.
It won't work. Trust is too fractured in this country and Republicans won't the ones to rebuild that trust. Wall is a waste
What are you going to tell South Texas when you destroy the environment there. #Save#SantaAna...people in TX don't  want wall. .
Not needed and wasted effort. Concentrate on education and single payer health insurace.
Stop whining about Pres. Obama when you have Captain Crazy in the White House now. Stop rolling over & hold him accountable!!  #impeachtrump
The last admin didn't have the sadistic self-destructive streak necessary to do what you please to call "securing" the border.
So obsessed with Obama. If anyone is lacking political will, it's the party with control of EVERYTHING that can't accomplish anything.
Border wall is a huge waste of money and you know it. Start working for American people.#SaveSantaAna
Much appreciated Beavis !
Funny. You claim to be Christian. You claim to live by Christ's words. Yet you ignore his commands to care for refugees as our own.
Nothing I hate more than people manipulating biblical teachings to fit a political agenda.  Jesus didn't command that gov allow open borders
One other thing, @LaurenDees, where'd you go to seminary? My comment was based on my first year New Testament Survey course notes.
2be clear Im concerned re:fed debt at home yet when it comes 2refugees &developing nations in gen. still believe US must cont. 2b generous w/resources &expertise both via gov aid &private partners-none of which req. openng borders indiscriminately &in ways not planned 2benefit US
You know what I, your actual constituent, care about securing? Our elections.
Can you also add to the act to make sure to send everyone back to Europe that came from or born from ancestors that belong in Europe ?!! Plz
Oh for the love of......get off this secure the border.  You need to work on getting more people here legally.  Businesses/farmers need help

More proof you don't understand anything about our current immigration system.  Learn something, why don't you, instead of wasting my money?
Thinks Millions of Calls From Concerned Texans Are Part of "Establishment" Conspiracy
Corny and Cruzy only care about getting re-elected and getting rich.  Not their constituents.   So we need to vote 'em the hell out.
Getting rid of or rewriting NAFTA will help with illegal imm. you do not think you are a better on business issues than the POTUS do you?
Anyone else wondering how much we get charged for these BS propaganda film productions?
Anyone have the will to streamline/monetize immigration process, or are Walls and increased militarization the best idea y'all have?
@lucilovesmic Just asking, should there be total war upon the Republicans and the conservatives? People think they're all bad. Thoughts?
I'm related this a lot of them, so I have the vote no to that. 
what do you mean "related this a lot of them?"
Be a good lapdog & concern yourself with keeping your master's trap shut
When are you having a town hall.
Totally agree!  When will Senate fund the wall!!!!!!
Sir, I am concerned over NKorea. Your thoughts?  I'm sure we all are worried and would like to speak with you
No, you would not support the funding for the border. This is game of liars poker and I am not buying it.
I'll make it easy for you:
Most of the people coming across the border are coming from the northern border not the southern border, so get real
Cornyn is Mitch McConnell's anti-Trump buddy! RINOsaur just like Mitch!
Just in case you hadn't noticed, you've embraced a madman, on a path to a premature departure from the White house.  Unwise choice at best.
Apply the 25th amndmnt-we could save the country from nuclear war & focus on emplyers who incentivize illegals rather than pay Americans
This shit here doesn't build anyone's trust. You've raped our land and done untold damage. It's disgusting.
And neither do you
does this act build a border wall from Brownsville to San Diego??
@JohnCornyn building trust huh? So the wall equals no faith and therefore shows your like of trust! What's your angle?
Hi, I'm @johncornyn, I want you to be as scared of brown people as I am of the orange one. I also hate sick people and women #thatsyou
Waste of money
You've got to be kidding Senator. Waste of money.
Too bad u are NOT up for reelection in 2018, you would be GONE. Enjoy the next couple of years. TX won't forget u supported Bozo Trump.
Just NO FUCKING WALL. It is not needed. The $ can be used to fix healthcare. That is what is needed.
Sen. Cornyn WHAT DO YOU MEAN America's Trust Ac? Is it posted on your Website & where R the Funds coming from? I'm a TXN. No Wall. EJ  
WTF! America's trust? This admin lies just for fun. Now we're on the cusp of nuclear war. You are so sad John.
Not gonna matter when we get NUKED.
How irresponsible of you to waste more time and money on border security. Last time I checked the Mongolians were not charging across.

The GOP doesn't have the political will to provide ample visas for needed labor.
The GOP doesn't  have the political will to punish illegal employers.
Several attempts @ immigration reform indicates otherwise.
Calling, BS on you Little John.  So you and The Donald are going to build a wall through Big Bend?
You have got to be kidding me! Quit following @realDonaldTrump into the abyss. Smh
This goes back to your obstruction post a cpl of days ago. Another example of GOP obstruction, lies, and propaganda. Townhalls
You're as xenophobic as that jerk in the WH. You seem to forget we are a nation of immigrants.
RINO HUNTING SEASON BEGINS 2018! We know when your up for reelection Cornyn. You will be replaced!
Really? Who will pay for the wall, we poor tax payers?
Yeah
Securing the border w/o slowing legal traffic is hard. Ask the Airlines. Law abiding Mexican citizens are NOT the problem. @GOP @POTUS
A Wall is what the American people want.
Is Mexico paying for it?
Thank you John Cornyn 4 standing w our POTUS & many American Citizens who want success in all things USA puts Her hand too!
Administration has the WILL to do a lot of good for people but is stuck w/feckless R party that does nothing to promote agenda!
Drove along I-10 from TX to AZ & saw many more Border Patrol vehicles & check points than ever B4. Keep up the good work y'all
What a complete waste of time and our money. The only person you ever seem to represent is yourself.
Taking away Texan's ancestral homesteads to build a wall that won't work and costs WAY too much. 

Thanks republicans.
Don't uses my tax $ to pay for the Wall
Do those things and American will trust you again.
Do what you promised and repeal Obamacare, punish criminals, (even high level politicians)get the damn wall built, and blow up the tax code.
even libs want secure borders
Build that wall!
That'll go just as well as your healthcare repeal Senator.
You failed in Texas
ur wording is incorrect.
the last admin had more important priorities 
#NOWALL
Please examine the history of the initial militarization of the US-Mexico border and realize that it has created the current crisis!
God Bless you Sen Cornyn!
Your congress didn't have the will to write a Health Bill, so I'm guessing this act is empty as well. Probably racist crap.
Someone needs to watch @LastWeekTonight
You're so out of touch with the priorities of your constituents. Read the comments under your tweets. Then have a #TownHall. We deserve one.
Another DC Republican failure in the works.
Tell it to Vlad traitor
People were crossing that border long before there was a USA.
Republicans controlled both houses so why are you blaming Obama? You did nothing before.
Let's agree to disagree... When is the next #TownHall to discuss priorities with your #constituents ? #women continue to die in #Texas!
14 hours and few retweets, what does that tell you about what your followers actually want? Think about it
Spend the money on OUR infrastructure? More than 50,000 highway bridges in #Texas have structural problems or are ‘functionally obsolete’.
What do your constituents think? Come face us. Honor Texas Town Hall meetings. If Ted Cruz can, you can.
What do people fear so much?  Diversity?  Concerns of criminal activity are grossly inflated.
Do YOU, John, have the political will to stop the sky-high perinatal death of TX women? How can you sleep at night?
No wall!! Environmental disaster!
Racist. Fear monger. Trump sycophant.
Johnny Six Gun! I feel safer already!
If I recall correctly,  you are ranked pretty high on the RINO list.
It wasn't lack of political will it was GOP obstruction.  You did nothing that helped Texas if it helped Democrats.
Where's that check from Mexico to pay for this much needed wall ? Is it going to be tunnel proof to ? Morons one and all !
Great! So you are coming to the RGV for a town hall so we can talk! Outstanding! When shall I pencil you in??
You are not building trust, you are building fear & hate
You're wasting time and money. None of that is going to stop immigration. Who will pick the fields and mow the lawns and bus the tables?
STUPID! Do immigration reform with guest workers & make employers responsible for hiring undocumented workers, no wall needed.
Use the wall money to fund health insurance! Oh, but then your buddies won't get huge contract to build a useless wall. #now all
You're an awful human being...may god have mercy on your soul
You frauds claim to care about deficits but support a many billions $ wall that won't stop anything. It'd be funny if it weren't tragic
There MUST be a lot of $$$ being tossed around... for all these politicians/crooks to be committing career suicide! If that's what you want!
Cronyn needs to go. Get these lying corrupt politicians out of government.
President Obama put a lot of money towards border security. You're lying again as usual. Playing to 33% of voters doesn't work
Senator I hope u have the political will to resist tax payers paying for the border wall. All ur other ideas are excellent.
Why can't you just support Trump, without bad mouthing Obama every chance you get. Obama was POTUS for 2 terms; you can't change that!!!
Don't let John McCain kill it
Problem is Congress doesn't have the will or courage to do anything and American people are sick of it all!
I will do everything in my power to oppose you and that stupid wall.
The last one worked on reducing number of border immigrants and succeeded
So you are ok with building the wall through a national wildlife refuge and the national butterfly center?
Oh, just shut up. You need to #DoYourJob and start representing the people of TX. #Beto2018 #TurnTXBlue
You are wrong. History, logic and reason will prove it so every step of the way.
And what are you going to do about the tunnels? Spending money on a wall is a waste of taxpayer money. The wall will never be impenetrable.
You know @JohnCornyn this Admin can't offer new legislation and argue its merits.  U always put down Obama or the Dems. You lack class.
The last admin didn't prey on the fears of people to advocate for a policy that lacks efficacy while being racist.
you wasted America's trust with your #Trumpcare failure.  In this dishonest bill,  where does the US paying for your @POTUS wall fit in?
you  @SenMajLdr & @tedcruz proved you're corrupt & care nothing about Texas or America.  Building trust = pay for the wall suckers. #resign
you are all abscessed boils on the ass of democracy. you've shamed our government  & our country.  None of you are fit to rep the US.
That is a BIG stretch.
and lawfulness to our immigration system, and the Building America’s Trust Act will help us do just that.
The federal government needs to regain the public’s confidence when it comes to border security by restoring order
This wall is not wanted or needed.
Build that wall and seal your fate.
Try finishing a freeway first please!
How is border patrol " Building America's  trust?" Will you please explain?
Maybe it wasn't a lack of political will, maybe it was just that they could think of so many better things on which to spend $2 billion.
Hey John why to you always criticize Obama? Look at what u have now ....how about leaving 44 alone ....
and it will fail just like your party's healthcare bill..
No wall it is stupid and I do not want to pay for this nonsense
Stop spinning the truth
Which is what? Another version of build a wall that won't work?
Please. Do something to help the American people and stop worrying about everyone else.
Obama DOUBLED funding for border security and deported more criminals than under Bush admin. Ur partisan hackery is insulting to TX voters.
This is the truth @JohnCornyn.  How is it that you can lie so easily to your constituents?
Just wait until you & the goons in the WH start to try to take Texans' land #vetoBeto
A nation whose core principle is that all are welcome does not need any walls. #NoBanNoWall
Immigration policy in most countries is designed 2benefit host nation.ualso forget that when we had more openness we had no welfare.
When is your next downhill?  We will discuss this.
Oh sigh. Really?
You guys just don't get it. You'll create a recession. We need a guest worker program for low-wage agriculture, cleaning services, etc.
Nor did any administration before Trump's. Why? Because a wall is a waste of money and won't keep illegal immigrants out. Theatre.
Thinks Millions of Calls From Concerned Texans Are Part of "Establishment" Conspiracy
Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall ! Townhall !
He's been in office since 2002. He had his chance to "build a wall" lots of times.
#BuildTheWall
Stop.
Racism is a mental health issue. Only wall Texans want is between us and you and that other freak @tedcruz #getbent
What are you going to do about the Russian operative in the WH? Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
You don't have our trust. We tell you that everyday on here. You don't acknowledge it. The @GOP must go.
Such a POS move-villainize the growing minority/eventual majority of Texans? You're not even playing politics just race baiting to ur base
Question for you and your interns: What percentage of these replies support @JohnCornyn ? I see 0%. 2020 can't come soon enough.
Does that include a fence?
#CanCornyn2020 #WeWillNotForget
We don't want a wall. We want to tell you what we do want.
Is this the one Mexico is supposed to pay for?
Secure the border using technology and diplomatic negotiations. A wall can easily have a tunnel built under it. #WasteofMoney
Pretty sad when your approval rating is slightly below that of a used car salesman
Healthcare John Healthcare Healthcare!
How about build the wall John
Just go away.
The wall is a bullshit waste of money .  I live in Texas.  I live  with Mexicans.  Some undocumented.  They are great neighbors.
the last administration also didn't deport mothers of cancer ridden children or vets who served this country proudly. Shame on you, John

More lies....why don't you get these #Russian #Traitors @realDonaldTrump @SpeakerRyan @SenMajLeader @DanaRohrabacher out of our government
You really don't know what your talking about,  Just blame Obama ! I pulled a nail out of my tire, I know Obama did it !
funny how you've been impotent all this time and now you are ready to do something, I agree w @LouDobbs rinos out
MY trust was in President Obama. I have no trust in the current president.
I love president Trump! He is exactly who I want as our president.
If you really wanted to build America's trust you wouldn't screw your constituents by supporting #Borderwall in Santa Ana Wildlife Refuge.
The very fact that you don't understand that American's do no want this wall shows you are not fit for office.
Trump may have the will but his ideas R bad 4 Smerica.  I hope your ideas R better sltho I doubt it.
Trump abused and used underage girls in his modeling business... Epstein his bff has tapes... keep supporting him you pathetic small man
Dreamers being sent back for minor infractions like a traffic ticket, and veterans being sent back has to stop, though.
"Hey BATA, BATA, BATA, BATA... SWING! ..and you're outa there!"
bully. Hate. Bully. Hate. Bully. Hate.
A wall is not an answer it's just dividing races.
YOU HAVE NOT DONE ONE THING TO HELP TH PEOPLE IN TEXAS WE HAVE YOUR NUMBER IT IS A NO VOTE OUT GO HOME
I'm a voting Texan and I do not want a wall.
I'm going to fund a can of ass whooping!
Wrong! When will you stop carrying water for this loathsome president? At your age, don't you care about your own legacy? Learn from McCain!
.@JohnCornyn what in Gods name happened to you to make you so hateful to the people you're supposed to represent? #Resistance
Thank you Senator for supporting secure borders! #BuildTheWall
Shame on you
Quit destroying irreplaceable wilderness preserves to do it! Didn't even follow due process, just started mangling key habitats.
I would not say they didn't have the political will, they just had smarts to realize we are facing far more important issues.
US don't trust you that's for sure. You are a Trumpster and in with Flynn.
Ah yes more pork for your friends, the Corny Handout Act #cornygoals.
Obama deported more people than any president since Eisenhower.  Your assertion lacks credibility.
Not towards the end and given obamas record how is it racism when Cronyn promotes border security but ok when it's Obama deporting people
