wonder if that Judge in Hawaii is watching  today? He should take a good look at what he approves of
Deep state/intel apparatus spokespeople @TuckerCarlson and @GillianHTurner are catapulting the propaganda, if you know what I mean @FoxNews
The #KochBrothers are now saying they'll pledge millions of dollars to #GOP #Congress critters who vote against #TrumpCare. @ChrisRulon
why don't we see Muslims renouncing terrorists acts in the name of their religion?
Why don't we know what the guy's name is?
How about the attack in our own country in Wisconsin?  Why isn't that worthy of your twitter?  Hack!
yep right on time too..they use anniversary of Brussels attack. awe so sentimental. Fuck them!!
I just laugh at this stuff these days. These idiots are practically begging for these attacks.
this reiterates why the 2nd amendment is so important in the US
very true. Most U.K. Police are not armed just ones in certain areas like this.
Isis HAS to be STOPPED. If a dog deemed'dangerous' bites someone,we put it to sleep.GOOD NIGHT ISIS
MuslimBrotherhoodPlan to take overAMERICA isMove here& have Each to have 5 kids getting Tax $Welfare
Tucker do yourself a favour, if a story involves London give @KTHopkins a swerve, she lives 200 miles from there, and speaks for no one.
My sister in-law is there & saw what was going on. We were scared! She's ok & safe.
Out of playbook of Satan - judgment of the west. "Whom the gods wish to destroy they first make mad.
yep and we're next
U.S.A. must stop allowing people in our country who do not become American
Tucker thank you for having Katie Hopkins on your show. She tells us what media won't!Thanks Katie
lmfao, try THE SAUDIS PAL
I can read an Emeril cookbook and follow a recipe does that make me cajun?
Boy your smart
The attack today in London is right out of the playbook of Islam. Quran 9: 29
@BMartinovski @GillianHTurner @FoxNews What one can tolerate; one can never change. Islamic ideology is tolerated as violence
yeah, and what playbook was Trump surveillance from, nefarious nightmare" ?
@JohnCornyn @GillianHTurner @FoxNews Thought 45's secret plan would be showing results by now.
Lol, I heard NYC is taking terrorist precautions.  Oohhh, another attack will make you believe!!!??
Such a pathetic mayor.
Ohhh, now now, youre being so racist!
When you import rodents who have no appreciation for the morals of your society, do not be surprised
Islam is a religion of peace! Looks like the radical Christians have struck again!
Must we wait for Bush to die, so correcting the wrong direction in this WOT doesn't embarrass him?
did you figure that out all on your own? Amazing. Didn't think right wing media were that bright.
way out, and conform or die to any that are not of the faith = Not a Religion of Peace = A Threat to Europe and the West.
Fact of the matter is, 1400 yrs of Barbarianism with no TRUE reform. A manuscript with death for those that seek change & a
& what they have planned for Europe, the West & the World. What you & your audience choose to do with it determines our fate
Tucker, Ayaan Hirsi Ali today on your show gave you the secret key to what Islam is, why they are doing what they're doing,
and to think America Law Enforcement continues to prohibit deadly force on those in cars?-
why not say "my heart and prayers go out to the victims" rather than fear mongering.
@TheresePicard @GillianHTurner @ Which is C I A no doubt.
right on!
America needs to go on a jihad against Radical Islam! Libs and left needs to get out if they way
@drofdem @GillianHTurner @FoxNews when will libs realize that kindness to Muslims is seen as weakness to them
No, it's right out of the playbook of the Mossad. THAT is the real truth even Fox won't say.
This is what we are facing! Be open minded but not so much that your brains fall out!Drain the swamp
100% CORRECT!!
WOW SHE HAS A FIRM GRIP ON THE PAINFULLY OBVIOUS 
#NO_SHIT
all Islam is pure evil.
The biggest threat to our democracy is traitorous Trump and the enablers in Congress ie @JohnCornyn
Be the way, where is the comment by the illustrious London mayor???
Agreed; America wake up!!
@JohnCornyn @GillianHTurner @FoxNews Russia attack on America  do you care?
where r all the evil libs? Nothing to say? Epic!
Islam can only be fought wth truth. Learn what the Quran says. http://kfrnet.com 
But of course, it's all @realDonaldTrump's fault for warning the world about it. 
@TuckerCarlson @GillianHTurner @FoxNews
Use our playbook and carpet bomb Syria and Iraq ISIS locations.
Yeah No Shit
Right, deadly ISIS. Well, not nearly as deadly as accidental falls, but you know, so deadly. #think
yep and wants  to make America a Muslim nation. Not happening. Thank you president Trump.
no, this is right out of the books of Islam: Qur'an, Sira, Hadith! All else are distractions.
And yet here
we are, letting them into the USA! It is MADNESS!!!
Aryan Ali is a very brilliant woman TNK yu for giving us her brilliance
LIBS ARE STUPID THEY BOW TO BULLIES AND THEY CUT OFF THEIR HEADS LIBS GIVE THEM FLOWERS WTF?
YOU WANT TO INTERVIEW SOMEONE..PAUL JOSEPH WATSON IS AMAZINGLY SMART LIKE THE GAL YU JUST HAD ON
unfortunately, protect your borders people!
Car, knife attack at Ohio State injures 11; suspect's background probed
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mOYm_CCxxKk …
Exactly. Thank you for support.  This is the  reason Trump is trying to secure our borders.
there are books out there that promote a caliphate. These are available worldwide.
tommy Robinson says BritishMuslims last year downloaded 50,000 terrorist Manuel's.
Not ISIS, but a wayward Muslim trying to get his wings! Guilt for partaking in Western Society!

cnn is a joke right now
RACIST!!!! They are all just good people looking for a better life.  XENOPHOBE!!! Open Brdrs for all
Duh...
Civilians are going to have to DEFEND themselves!  Politicians won't do it!
What is your definition of "bloodbath"? It's tragic three people were killed, but "bloodbath"?
when was.the last time Muslims Marched against Attacks like this ?  Thats Right Never!
shouldn't we be on alert? Just a matter of time before another attack in US
@JohnCornyn @GillianHTurner @FoxNews travel ban for everyone!
Not really.. Isis usually multiple attackers.. this looks like homegrown lone wolf 
TIME TO CLOSE THE BORDERS!!!!!
@JohnCornyn @GillianHTurner @FoxNews come on people! Be mad at ISIS, it has nothing to do with people coming into US!
This is what they warned they would do. Take us all out just a few or many. They said we'd see more
exactly
And the standard response: we stand in solidarity, justice will be served, this is a wake up call...
dylan roof automatic white supremacist terror attack anyhere in west is "copycat" "inspired" etc. ?
Not surprising Liberal-atheist media didn't report the London attack ~ sin of omission hypocrites
YEAH-  ISIS'S Book
illegal immigrants they are aliens. You have to come legal to be a immigrant.
...SCREAMING this for ever...the only way you stop that is force them to stay in their country n rot
Democratic policies give place for what we saw in London today. Symptom of anarchy #tucker #MAGA
She must have said ISIL or Dash, isn't she one of them???
Meening lefty!!!
How did you come across that playbook, Tucker? You gonna share it with US Intel?
London attack seems so, how do I say this, ISIS and DNC and #NeverTrump
your right Tucker are we the only one who sees this that way. Explain to people no such thing as
it's play for play directions of Isis and we need to stop these savages.They invade,divide slaughter
wow, you guys are actually covering news over there??? @cnn too busy w/ Trump/Russia. Nothing new.
brainwashing cult
Walid Phares mentioned that the mind is the weapon for these terrorists now. EXACTLY IVE BEEN...
.@TuckerCarlson @GillianHTurner @FoxNews No it's out of Democratic playbook: 100+ yrs of homegrown violence, lynchings, murders & bombings
Many YT videos of this POS in action spouting nasty anti west rhetoric He should have been put down.
It is uncomfortable to know their most powerful weapon is their sick depraved mind.
ISIS peddles in human misery, it is their only currency. Of course this is out of their playbook.
just curious Tucker - what playbook is trump associates collusion w Russia out of?
um no actually it was prefected by Palestine and Hamas ISIS just adopted it .
ya think?
No comment yet from POTUS about London terror attack?
he's been talking about since day one

Dems,ACLU & lib judges are threat to Nat Sec by continuing to block our POTUS pause on refugees 
@FoxNews
They are part of the swamp & should b drained.
Why is it I read he was a middle aged ASIAN man?
Tucker-you did a great job unmasking that unbelievable fool out of Maryland yesterday.
we need to be more prepared for these types of cowardice attacks!
Cops w/o guns 4 self defense...unbelievable! Laws in UK R designed 2 protect savage acts not innocents
Western Europe better get real
that looks like the case. Just like the people there have just become numb to terriost.
MSM, Dems and judicial want to bring them here. Protect illegals, put Americans at risk.
Democrats are endangering the lifes of Americans for the sake of politics!
I believe the Scum that carried out this attack is abu izzadeen aka trevor brookes afro caribbean .
Can someone please explain to me the difference between a radical Muslim,
and a devoted one?
sad that it may take something like this to wake up Britons. Prayers for the victims.
we need to take a a serious look at Muslim immigration.
Israel bombed Syria, helping Isis, why is Israel helping our enemy?
And they got the playbook from the KGB.
So sad! The warning signs have been around for some time now, this didn't have to happen.
Don't discriminate against a loving religion. How do we know this was a jihadist attack. Or radical Islam. Islam is a religion of peace.
Probably because all these attacks are linked to radical Islam.
But NO let them come in as refugees to kill and rape our girls/women. Wake up
we have a major problem with Islam and a hard stance needs to be taken or we will live in fear.
We have strong leadership now. USA will be safe and ISIS will be Eliminated. #maga
#bluekoolaid
What page???!?!
And America can be next. Who should be blamed when America gets hit!Democrats of Course!

Don't forget the attack @OhioState
It is amazing how trump has become the next naustrodamus and predict the future.  Everyone who doubt it him have to apologized. MAGA.
When did you start working for RT?
da...great observation. That's why she makes the big bucks....two administrations...
Right out of Bush and Obama playbook! #ARRESTObama and #ARRESTBush! Disgusting!
London is at war but many in denial bc their gov't lies 2 them. Death sugar coated as diversity.
We are allowing them in, subsidizing their war on us. Liberal Politicians and judges are responsible
I do not understand how a single individual can rock a city and world. With the resources we have?
We should have drilled here 8 years ago. Less involvement in the mid east
She's hot and intelligent but I tend  to tune her out and turn my head due to her #NeverTrumperism.
*their**
Its DESTROY them with one big 500 pound bomb. Its really simple if your thinking of the P of USA.
https://twitter.com/ten_gop/status/844621333791068161 …
#Russia
literally out of the playbook! It's in there terrorist training manuals
Do you have a copy of that "playbook" I can borrow? You being an expert & all..
Agreed, when you can't state the obvious it's a problem
you're clever!
it's just sad!! 
