.@JohnCornyn Not an HC fan, but if she is all the @GOP has to talk about, what good are you?
You lack intelligence apparently
Are we going to be hearing about Hilary for the next three years? When are you going to start focusing on planning for the future of ?
You are so rude.
Move on already. You sound like a bitter ex who despite the sidechick, is still trying to prove his manhood by dissing the ex. Justgrowup.
The inability to point the finger at oneself is always an epidemic and you're a great example.
I thought winners focused on the future and the next three years, not savaging a defeated opponent over and over again.
why are tweeting about HRC when there is a corrupt government ruining America for our children?
Let's focus on the over 800,000 Texans that will lose coverage if #Trumpcare passes. When is your DFW townhall? I have questions!
Wow, I'm as tired as hearing about HRC's lack of anything as you are. Will you hold an ATX town hall so we can bond over this?
Are you still focusing on Hillary? Let it go.
Speaking of conscience, Senator, where's yours? Don't you feel the Russia investigation deserves full-time staff? Do your job.
Stop deflecting! #DoYourJob #CountryOverParty #IndependentCommission #saveourhealthcare #ClimateChangeIsReal
You are so divisive. Why can't the GOP move forward? Why can't the GOP do something to actually help Americans?
Why are you so obsessed with her? When are you going to look in the mirror?
What? Are you even serious? #trumpenabler
You lack remorse too.  Dirty money John?   No wonder you were against Paris agreement.
You should should jealous - Ted got more dirty money than even you
Hypocrisy & deflection seem to be the strongest GOP traits. Don't see a bit of remorse from you for ignoring your constituents
Narcissistic Borderline personality!
What is the point of this? What are you doing for all Texans?
ROFL. That's rich coming from you. You have no remorse or conscience. You really should think about what you're posting. What a HYPOCRITE!
- Women voters will remember you were too busy castigating Hillary to work on your agenda. Time's a-wasting GOP. 2018 here soon
Yeah, this isn't an issue. Do you know what is? Russian interference in our elections. How is that #TrumpRussiaCoverUp going? #doyourjob
She may lack remorse but at least she has a soul, apparently in contrast to most of the elected officials in your party.
Hillary stole the money donated for the Hatian hospital, but chelsea had a multi million dollar wedding.
Have you looked in the mirror or spoken to the President recently?  Talk about alternative facts.
With conscience comes empathy, which is an ability to put oneself in another's shoes. Those who lack empathy are called sociopaths.
Are you like Trump, terrified of ridicule? Perhaps brought on by buried trauma from childhood? Do you feel humiliated by strong women?
Let's examine your conscience. Do you have a personality disorder and that's why you have no conscience about lying. Do you feel remorse?
You're enabling a very dangerous and possibly compromised president, but yeah, let's talk about Hillary.  Yep, she's the problem.  #disgrace
John Cornyn lacks integrity.
Fascinating the way old white guys still obsess over her. Is it because you can't control her? Do you prefer women who are submissive?
Wouldn't it be nice to discuss something that was currently relevant?
most of us think Hillary was the worst person @DNC could run in 2016, & we STILL preferred her over @realDonaldTrump & @GOP
meanwhile, you're celebrating that @realDonaldTrump is destroying the planet for coal, without an ounce of remorse. Shameful.
She's the only person against whom @realDonaldTrump could win the presidency, and she STILL won popular vote!
Ironic that you are posting an opinion piece about someone lacking remorse and conscience about political decisions.#TownhallATX to discuss?
USA is becoming a global laughingstock thanks to Trump and the GOP. Y'all should be ashamed of yourselves. Look ahead, not back.
Still attacking Hillary. Sad!
Your obsession on this topic borders on disturbing. Study up on Mueller investigation, Trump Russia, Putin, Kushner, Sessions...
Conscience? How can any GOP leader supporting 45 point a  abt lack of remorse or conscience? Quit pointing  and lead w/ some conscience
Stop diverting attention,  be a patriot and do what's in your power to stop nepotism; this is the USA, not a banana country.
What's with all the opinion pieces, John? It's like you can't find facts to back up your insanity. Stick to FACTS, not #alternativefacts! 
Are you aware Russia meddled and influenced our election? Have you ever acknowledged that even once? Only a traitor would act like that.
In other words- she's a politician of late capitalism
Why on earth should Hillary show remorse of conscience - you should have remorse of conscience for supporting everything Trump do or say!!!
Textbook narcissists,
Less talk, more do, Senator.
Instead of relitigating 2016 how about setting up a plan for a #TXTownhall and meeting with your #constituents? I'd like to ask about #AHCA
And lack of ANY women in the senate group working on it. Why is that? We are half the population. Also, what about #PreExistingConditions?
Or how about how y'all plan to reduce costs, premiums, and provide better coverage under #AHCA? Because in reality it's not addressing that
And why the need to gut 800 billion from Medicaid? To pay for the tax cut for insurance CEOs? How does that help my family 2 afford ins?
Shouldn't you be holding the current president accountable for his behavior instead of worrying about a private citizen?
You 4 men do not want children to eat or have health care Women are not allowed birth control because of you
The lackey staffer who does tweeting for Cornyn should be fired.
HRC has nothing to apologize for & the fact that you think she does shows your true Misogynistic Nature. #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue Shame on you.
Are you kidding me? How about a lack of remorse from all the people who voted for a lying, unfit, sexual predator who is dismantling the US.
HRC is a private citizen. The GOP controls all branches of govt but has not accomplished squat.  Why is GOP a useless governing party?
That's rich coming from you.
Um, you're seriously talking about people without remorse or conscience, with what you have to defend in the White House?
Hi John.  The trump admin moved 2quickly lift the Russian sanctions after the election per reporting.Were you one of the pols helping them?
Like Trump, Ryan,McConnell or you ever had a conscience.
Yaaawwwwnnn.  Get over it.
I calculate that's because she's a true sociopath.
Your entire party is grossly obsessed with her. Move on.
