Where do we send the baby presents Dad?
Hey everyone did you see this?
Stunning!!
Where can send a baby present
Make illegitimate babies Great Again!
Married Former Trump Aide Admits Campaign Affair and Love Child, Sending Angered Ex-Mistress to V...
Congrats to you and your mistress on the new baby! Oh and congrats to you and your wife on the new baby. Oops lol
Rigging an election and colluding with Russia is the way to win.
I am not sure what you are trying to say,all I hope is that 45 and the Republican r gone soon.
How is the newborn buddy?
Let me specify the newborn from the mistress AJ?
Gerrymandering is a hell of a drug
So, Democrats lose seats in the Senate, and blame... Gerrymandering?
Sure, go with that.
Sounds plausible.
So, Democrats win pop. vote in 2016 and can do BETTER in 2018 but still lose seats?

So, yes... blame gerrymandering.
2 Senators per state.
They serve for 6 years.

The math is tricky, but not every election is a Senate vote.
Sorry you didn't know that.
Are you unaware of the current court case? It has had an impact.
Throw in voter suppression & goodbye free elections. Regardless of party, that should concern you. Every American deserves representation.
*45 folks don't think so. they think tumbleweeds should count!
#MAGA
Done and Done!
What an indictment on US democracy that more votes consistently ends in electoral defeat.
I came to the US 20yrs ago and still got taught it's a representative republic in civics class, they didnt teach you that?
I'm fully aware of the system. Just think its incredibly undemocratic.
Again. 
Not a democracy 
Prevents populous states from overrunning the system
What would be wrong with a more heavily populated state having a democratic mandate equivalent to its population?
Seriously?! Did you sleep through civics 101 or trolling?
Notice you didn't answer.
Only your presidential candidate would pander to 2-3 states who would dominate the whole election.
You can't make this stuff up
Why does CNN pay Jason Miller, he lies  everday on TV?? CNN needs to get rid of him like they fired Jeffrey Lord's today!!
Just As the Founders Intended..
The Founders intended to have one unbalanced chamber (the Senate). They did NOT intend gerrymandering or outright minority rule.
Jason. Shoulda put your dick away. What will @kayleighmcenany think? Or @KellyannePolls? They wanted that baby from you.
Stunning ... especially to those elite folks who think everything but NY and LA are "flyover states".
LA is not a state!
Really. Not if you've been paying attention to the actual voting trends.  Like How is this a surprise to you? #cosmopolitanbias?
Hey Chris. The below chart is from @businessinsider and accurately shows the counties that @POTUS won. This is America now. Get used to it.
Have you looked a map that actually accounts for the population of those counties? People vote, not acres.
Hillary:
Won popular vote in '08 primaries, lost delegate vote to Obama
Won popular vote in '16, lost EC to Trump

Poor strategies x2 
HRC's strategy was a factor, but GOP controls 55% of House seats and 52% of Senate seats w/ only ~50% of the vote which is more the issue.
Other factors:
And yet Obama got reelected easily and left office with a 58% approval rating. 
And his legacy is ............
Syria?
ISIS?
Yemen?
Drones?
Libya?
Iran?
Sudan?
Nigeria?
ACA?
Pallets Of Cash?
Funeral Selfies?
BLM terror?
Only stunning to a democrat who believes his own BS. 

It's going to be much worse than that. #MAGA
LOL. Yeah sure, the President with the 36% percent approval rating and the Congress that can't do anything are forces to be reckoned with. 

He's the least popular POTUS  in modern history & you don't need polls to know it. Can't convince his own party to pass laws he wants. Sad!
The party of the cop killers and flag burners isn't going to beat him.
Gerrymandering is undemocratic.
Oh, I don't know, in Illinois and Maryland, it's *very* Democratic.
I didn't use a capital d.
So? It's generally the complaint nowadays that those terrible Republicans are doing the exact same thing Democrats still do w/o issue
I don't recall making that complaint.
Dems do same, they just don't win much across the nation. Perhaps that should be focus of the Democratic Party instead of sheer narcissism.
Or maybe we should clamp down on gerrymandering for the good of both parties and the country.
Never happen. Federal law forbids it (minority-majority districts) and even "non-partisan" commissions get captured by political interests
Make illegitimate babies Great Again!
.@CNN .@JasonMillerinDC whoops! babies in the house.  What a moral upstanding man you are Jason! #hypocrite #liar #childsupport #MAGA
You republicans are just on a roll. Fox News sexual harassment eric sending dik pics and now Jason not pulling out in some chick & has a kid
But, it's like Reince said, Republicans have to have a GOVERNING MAJORITY. What the fuck. We have McCain, Murkowski, & Collins = 3 Dems.
Their problem is they have a legislative majority but an agenda that is only supported by a minority of the country.
Both McCain & Murkowski I know specifically voted AGAINST what they campaigned ( & won) on.
I wonder how indictments and impeachment will affect this.
If that were to happen it would be 1000x worse for Dems. We will destroy both parties if Trump is impeached
Doubt it, but whatever it takes to remove traitors.
I believe the @WhiteHouse leaker is @mike_pence , who will benefit if @realDonaldTrump is impeached?
I never thought about that--I wondered if it was someone closer to him.
You never think about anything smart, oh by the way, shove that head up higher & you can be like your mentor, hillary.
This is impolite. I'm blocking.
Strange thoughts in his head & he writes it in a tweet? lol.Weirdo.

-so Pence-the quiet one.
Gotta watch them ones.
An article pinned Pence
Remember when you guys destroyed john edwards? For having a bastard?? NOW YOU HAVE ONE TOO!! William snow?
Instead of trying to win back voters, the Dems wake up every morning w/ their thumbs in their asses pretending they didn't lose the country.
I'm wary of this 538 statement. 'Do Support' and 'Don't Support' teetertotters every day. Trump voters can't be counted on in 2018
What do your wife and kids call your mistress' child?
@JasonMillerinDC Jason miller deadbeat dad. Cheated on his wife. Great Christian values. Republican hypocrites. Cons&cheats
And now we know why Jason had to abruptly decline TRUMPS offer to work in the white house. He KNEW it would do real damage to the new wh
That is MARRIED JASON MILLER WHO HAD AN AFFAIR AND BABY WITH AJ DELGADO!! all while preaching on tv about good Christian gop values.
Christian value Republican Jason Miller who had an affair while on the campaign with another Trump staffer and had a child out of wedlock
Congratulation on your new child Jason!!! Bastards are in these days.
Gerrymandering, voter suprresion purges worked like a charm
And @RepGutierrez should know. He benefits from gerrymandering.
Keep playing identity politics, by all means.
Democracy dies in the gerrymandering. The USA will be exhibit A.
Not stunning; just the facts.  Democrats can't win the House or Senate by just holding CA, NY, MA, CT and IL.  That's the truth.
But hey, keep on "resisting" and crying Russia did it. Thanks in advance, you are one of the best advocates for Hugh @GOP wins
Yeah ... not buying shit from #FakeNews
Nope. No bias on your part at all, Cillizza.
What? No claim of lies from u?!
Really stunning?! Your clearly have you head buried up there deep!!
Not "stunning" yet. Wait until you see how bad it's really going to get for Democrats, Chris.
Dems have huge support in a few places & limited support in many places. Need to open their tent to non-purists in places that require them!
Damn, what a way to ruin a day....
Wow...Chris. An honest analysis. Or rather retweeting an honest analysis. Good job.
Maybe list of who to hate to include majority of all Americans was a mistake..& riots & silencing conserv speakers.#WePersisted
#winning #MAGA
Like more cowbell, what the Dems need is more Maxine Waters.  hahahaha
It's not 'stunning' if you've been paying attention
You guys ain't seen nothing yet. Continue pushing the Russia-gate nonsense and democrats will continue to lose
This report assumes that the rest of the country cannot change it's mind about politics, no matter the disastrous Repub health care vote 1/
2/ or any of the shenanigans that Trump or McConnell pull.
Hahaha
The democrat party is now a regional party it is dieing off but just not fast enough and every time we beat them they double down on stupid
Awesomeness
Makes me fear for America.
AWESOME!
Great news
the look on their face when everyone @POTUS campaigns for wins... #PrimaryTheRINOS!
One more proof that we no longer live in a Democracy. 
Face it. Dems won't win by dividing ppl against each other.
Gerrymandering. Disgusting when Dems do it. Disgusting when Republicans do it. USA needs and independent/bipartisan commission to draw map.
I'll take it!!!
Oh, our old friend @NateSilver538 starts predicting again, I'm sure he's not afraid of eating crow again and again. #MAGA
Another CNN propaganda piece. You'll still be losing. You won't run the table. We will run the dnc out of Washington and CNN with them
Hello gerrymandering
Moral of story = Stop colluding with these goons. People see thru the BS!
#Democrats #betterdeal REPACKAGED #Trump Agenda and they hope VOTERS are too stupid to notice. What mission do they have worth following?
That is going to happen. Economy  strong will vote republican.,CNN is Democrat station.
when you have democrat governors openly converting and saying they finally came to their senses, probably not a good sign.
Democrats are f***
Beautiful information Chrissy 
Heart warming
Not as stunning as your corruption and collution with a political party, El-Hacko. Sucks when you've all blown your credibility. Introspect!
Nothing stunning- the people aren't buying the bullshit the left is selling. #MAGA
Stunning? Fantastic!!!!! 
Lol...ummmmmm....they won't get ANY
It's almost like this country is getting sick and tired of liberals.
Spectacular!  Love it!
@cnn reporting is Peak. I wonder what Ivy League School @CillizzaCNN went to, he definitely didn't go to a Football School. #cillizza #cnn
You all starting to create the narrative for not taking over the house. Hilarious. Losers mentality.
So all the Dems need are policies that appeal to both urban and rural areas. Simple.
#nomessage
Chris can barely contain his totally unbiased excitement!
Excellent news.  Guess Republicans aren't as dumb as they look.
HA HA!
Lmao, this has been going on for years, and Trump is the culmination of it...keep it up, liberal coastal elitists 

The wave is arising and primary season will be brutal
Chrissy...stop.
Not really. America sees through the constant lies of the media, particularly CNN.
@mitchellvii @GingerMcQueen @RealJamesWoods Democrats are so, so screwed!
And comforting
Based on trending @DNC #FarLeftLoonies loss of logic Trump WILL HELP @GOP maintain both houses of Congress in a landslide to#MAGA #LeadRight
@joey_desmarais been saying
2018 is coming, and before you know it 2020 and then the Trump train comes to a screeching halt lol and an adult takes over in the WH
This just reveals your cosmopolitan bias lol this is an amazing moment 
This is reality bro, Trump is a failure, and the GOP is failing while they have a majority. This proves they had no ideas only block Barry

That's how bad you guys suck. Is it sinking in yet?
Here's the problem:
This has been well known for the past year. Glad you have finally reached the final stage of grieving and accepted resistance is futile.
Abortion litmus test anyone?
Good. Democrats/press suck!
That metric does not include the millions who realize they were duped by Trump and will not vote for his party in 2018.
Really not that stunning if you've been observing the Democratic Party.
Here's the problem:
Obama got millions more votes and had an approval rating 20 pts higher than Trump genius.
Dems are toast
And?....that's bad?
Lol!
Hey Chris! You suck at journalism.
Get ready for more safe space crying
I think it shows the lack of support in the 'flyover' states. The message of the D's just isn't resonating with common rural folks
What's stunning is the elite's disbelief that entire US doesn't think like them. We don't want socialism. See, e.g., Venezuela. #nothanksDNC
Come on Chris, this is the same outfit that predicted HRC would win...
We HAVE to fight the gerrymandering and vote suppression that dilutes our votes! This is unfair representation!
Do you really think the party of hate and violence are winning anything. Fake news doesn't work.
And yet pollsters still oversample Dems and look foolish when election results don't match pre election polls
The oversampling of Dems makes pollsters look foolish. Chris Wallace defended it a year ago when his gal Hill was "winning" bigly.
Hope that isn't more fake news
Then we need to win more than those districts.  But talking isn't action....
You say stunning, I say MAGA 
No one's blaming President Trump for House/Senate failures
Sweet
Chris is sad and disappointed.
But #BothSides right?
This is incredible. Shows what an electoral minority the Dems truly have.
Did you read the article? The Dems get more votes and fewer seats. That's a structural disadvantage, not an "electoral minority".
That's what happens when you become geographically clustered in coastal bubbles while ignoring 3/4th of the country. 
Start acting like it.
Cause you know... Americans have sense... And Cillizza does not
Wow so your claiming almosts as wins well i hope you keep winning
Sad. Hate and #resist might not be the best platform?? 
It must be really bad when the left is already setting expectations low for 2018.
I'm literally getting a Troner reading this.....
I bet Dems lose more
So you're sayin' that there's a chance. ...
Stunning?
Not surprising
Everyone hates Congress, just not *their* guy/gal
Maybe you can pick off some moderates
Stunning is watching the @CBSNews live feed where @HillaryClinton posted 'BURN THE CITY DOWN' night after election loss...
Even with the media hiding their skeletons, the scoreboard shows the Democrats are reaping what they sow.  #oldideas
Oh they aren't old - just vomit inducing to right thinking americans
On that basis you were similarly appalled by the many proven lies of Obama. One example--- Remember "if you like your.........", and etc.
OMG.. THIS COUNTRY IS SCREWED FOR YEARS TO COME. WE DO NEED A POLITICAL REVOLUTION ASAP!
The Koch network has infiltrated everywhere.  They are who really run this country.
That's right. Mediacrats finally waking up, are they? Well, welcome to reality.
the key is getting dems out to vote!!!
Vote 4 what? More illegals? More taxes? More crime?
only stunning to those who haven't been paying attention. The Dems will lose Senate seats in 2018, there's almost no way around it
MAGA
#MAGA all the way. Viva @realDonaldTrump
The @thedemocrats are a dying, coastal party.
Nice!
But they'd still be sure they were going to win both houses until about 8:30 that night
Next November is still light years away in political time. The US could be a gigantic smoldering radioactive ruin by then.
On suicide watch there Chris?
Yeah and that certainly is not happening
only if you ignore the  main part of the country
There's a preference cascade underway. Don't get taken out by a piece of flotsam.
@FiveThirtyEight #MAGA
@ComfortablySmug People, justifiably, hate the media more than Trump. In other words, when u think you are helping the DNC u actually aren't
Not sure what delusion one must have to think Dems have ANY momentum lol Hint:LGBT rights is noble but wont get you the house in 18', WH 20'
Reality to the MSM despite their daily narrative of the opposite.  Wake up MSM America is tired of the socialist ways the past 8 years! MAGA
