Republican leadership photo
A robotic stuffed animal trotted out for photo ops & parades, and a bunny.
The bunny is smarter and more qualified than you are
Does that rabbit belong to the NRA and give you large contributions while you ignore The People?
Where are you? We'll come see you now.
I'm not going to heckle this tweet because for once you didn't say anything 100% asinine. My Easter gift to you, senator.
Happy Easter, John.
That you're both full of hot air?
What? That the bunny will still have the same job 4 years from now and you'll be unemployed?  Do your job and represent all Texan's.
I think it's a clown and rabbit - both filled with hot air!
Yeah, that whole crucifixion thing is Easter hyperbole.
it says there are two ridiculous objects in the yard that are full of hot air.
That you want to deport the families of the people that mow your lawn?
Yeah, two imaginary characters
Yes, poor bunny didn't have a chance of looking cute while standing next to you.
That your shoes cost more than a year of subsidized healthcare for a low income child?
At what point does circling the wagons around Trump cross over into becoming obstruction of justice?
What does this picture say?
It says Cornyn talks to the Easter  Bunny, but not to real constituents.  #2020
So busy meeting with Easter Bunny that you ignore your real constituents.   #townhalls 
#LastTermCornyn 
#VotersFirst
That Jesus won't hang out with you?
Are you grabbing that rabbit's butt?
You both try to associate with Christian tradition but are actually unrelated?
You're both full of hot air?
Yes, Texas has a joke for US Senator.
John, don't post anything else. All it does is wind up the town hall fanatics into a frenzy.
You're right: empty, elusive, fake, a bad egg. How about you do your job and hop on over to Austin for a Town Hall?
After Austin, Houston
You misspelled "im holding a town hall". Thanks Easter Bunny! #ResistTrump
Best reply yet.I sure can't top that.
That you're so scared of holding a town hall that you'd rather pose with an inanimate object filled with hot air? Pathetic.
thats your Town Hall answers ? @txlege @TXDemWomen
What exactly is it saying? Lost on me.
Texas Senators Cornyn and Cruz pose for the cameras
Happy Easter to you and your family Senator Cornyn.  God bless.
Cant tell which one is the biggest fake inflatable bunny.  Hey @cornyn u getting any idea what constituents think of u based on the replys?
Easter Bunny? Fake President? Rigged election? Russian collusion? #RESISTANCE #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpColluded #republicancollusion
Yup,... the replies speaks volumes. We think the inflatable bunny holding an egg would be a better senator than you.
No the resurrection of Christ says it all
Happy 'Dude Walking Out Of A Cave' Day to you as well. Now,... about holding a town hall in San Antonio.....
You are a #furry ? Now everything makes sense. #furryfandom
The Easter bunny is an arsonist? That's not very nice.
it sure does
both filled with hot air
Great photo a fake rabbit and fake senator. Did the rabbit hide your integrity like Donald Trump taxes
Wow! This is a great comment. 
What does it say? Is that the bunny of liberty? The real reason for Easter?
It sure does! That rabbit wants a town hall!
Maybe bring big bunny with you to town hall meetings with constituents? We have much to say to you. #DoYourJob
Such a nice picture of you and Sean Spicer
That you give more attention to inflatable rabbits than to your own constituents?
Indeed it does. You'd rather hide behind inflatable cartoon characters than face your constituents at a Town Hall. Sad!
Looks like the Ether Bunny paid you a visit!
You're right ... a jackass with a bunny!!
That you rather meet with a plastic bunny than your constituents!!
99% chance the bunny will show up at a town hall and 0% chance the stiff next to him will. #BUNNYforSENATOR2020
Yes two things that are fake
Uhm, are you sure you want to share this? Might want to have that right hand showing.
Wait, left hand.
Is that an Olympic Easter bunny? Why the fuck is he holding a torch?
I thought only Christians celebtate Easter?
Its the story of Jesus....
Both full of hot air and shouldn't be taken seriously? Also has a short life span?
Is the bunny stuffed with big corporate and oil money too? Or is the bunny afraid of town halls too?  I don't understand.
when will you meet with Austin constituents?
Wrong on so many levels.
is that the only constituent you are willing to meet with? One that doesn't talk?
An imaginary constituent - one that supports Cornyn no matter which way he flip flops!
We want trump to release his tax returns?
Is this the Replutocrat replacement for the Statue of Liberty? A weak facsimile of a freedom symbol and a weak facsimile of governing party.
...I don't get it john please explain
Is the inflatable rabbit a metaphor
Egg in the faces!
One of these is a rabbit, and the other one is a bag of hot air.
That you’ll shill for any photo op possible?
That you hide behind fake things...
I did not vote for the bunny.
You have a Furry fetish?
What is in the hand? A torch?  Surprised you ack the Easter bunny. Defund PBS but want Sesame St characters at the WH egg roll. HYPOCRITE!!
"All" being that you're really Donnie Darko?  I KNEW it. #HappyEaster #RESIST
Are you not Christian?
You're both full of air?
Which one is more empty?
Believes in fairy tales and Easter eggs, denies global warming despite overwhelming scientific evidence. SAD!
Huh?
Yeah that you've completely lost it.
that you believe in a magical rabbit that paints eggs? You are a joke.
It sure does, and we will not forget 

 #TrumpRussia
One is full of hot air, and the other is a blow up Easter Bunny
Um ....
You standing next to an Easter Bunny blow up doll 'says it all?'
oookay ...
that rabbit stands with Planned Parenthood! So should you.
If you mean that republicans would rather hide behind a cartoon character than govern ... you're right!
Is that a treason rabbit?
Who is that with the Easter Bunny?
