.@JohnCornyn leaves door open to delaying health care vote; says Aug. 1 is the "drop dead line," via @PoliticoKevin http://www.politico.com/story/2017/06/25/obamacare-repeal-senate-republicans-239937 …
So since its so great Senator , Why don't u drop ur Obamacare & join the rest of us on Trump's DeathCare train? What's good 4 us is good 4 u
Maybe the double digit increases should be announced. Let Dems explain that to their constituents who can't afford ACA already.
Why are you convinced that your plan will not increase premiums when everything suggests otherwise?Stabilize the markets and hold a hearing!
He's not convinced of that. He just doesn't care.
Your refusal to try to fix ACA and @realDonaldTrump comments have led to many companies pulling out - u have helped kill ACA
only because the @GOP worked so hard to destabilize our economy, the future of our country and basically set out 2 kill the poor
Fellow Texan here -please reconsider. This is not a health care billn it's the opposite, pushing people in need off the rolls @tedcruz help!

Oh. You want TRIPLE digit premium increases, you hack??!!
How's this going?  #TrumpcareFail
Famous last words
BCRAP would reinstate CSR payments which WH has been w/holding to blackmail insurers. Reinstating reduces inc by 2/3
FU it's our money!
Did the Koch brothers tell you you had not killed enough Americans with this effort. You need to kill more? Did they give you a number?
you should have some balls and hold a town hall so you can hear from those you are cutting off
Never met a billionaires payoff you were not willing to take. Who cares how many American lives it cost. Whether in war or at home.
You had a chance to fix the ACA, but because of your racism you're compelled to destroy everything the successful black president had done.
You sir are just a bad human.
NO! This is not what your constituents in Texas want! Stop developing plans to kill and bankrupt the middle class. #saveaca
@seungminkim @PoliticoKevin @politico If WH pays the CSR's as REQUIRED BY LAW the rate increase will drop by 2/3.
Senator, I beg you to please consider merging Medicare and Medicaid & making the new system available to all with cost determined by income!
So under your plan, there will never be double digit insurance premium increases? Please put that in writing.
Stay true to your evangelical slave state ethics of killing minorities. Billionaires and the kkk Jim Crow lives in the lone star state
You are always willing to send Americans poor Americans to their deaths to further the agenda of billionaires. Bonus points for minorities
Pretty sure being spineless is a pre-existing condition.
Pity you view this as tax cuts for the rich disguised as a healthcare plan
didn't you already close the door back in 2010?
As if you are calling the shots here. Poor delusional Johnny.
More  then? Sellout!! 
You and your sorry GOP tax-break care for the wealth unAmericans are sorry representatives of the American people. Keep looting the country
Why go double digits when your bill go for triple digits, right? Here's the hike for Ft. Worth, 60+, middle-income crowd.
Even worse for some deep-red, rural counties in Texas. They are just going to love you when they get to pay 48% of income for premiums.
Can't wait to watch @realDonaldTrump folks freak out when they realize what trump & his posse took away as they give tax cuts to rich
Goodbye Senator, hope you will enjoy public sector
Yes, by all means. Let's make healthcare inaccessible for many, and get the rich their tax breaks as soon as possible.
Closing the door on your EMPLOYERS? Please remember that you work for the people, not the other way around.
Don't pretend like you're doing anyone but the richest people in America any service here.
this is the trump plan to reduce the population.  less poor people, the GOP will never lose another election ever.
#MoreCancerMoreProfit
When health care is for profit.
Americans are pretty astute and getting even better at recognizing con artists, please don't use those deceptive tactics.
Nooooooooo! You fail us!

If my life were important I would ask if I live or die. 
michelle!!! you get it
I saw it five times here in Chicago.
Yes, before all you lying GOPers end up owning said increases because you refused to actually repeal as promised.
This tweet...did not hold up so well.
This aged well, jerk.
NOPE. Your bill will not make anything better, and America is rejoicing that it go delayed. We will fight #BCRA #wealthcare
How did that go?
Lol
You mean the double digit ACA/Obamacare premium increases caused by GOP's/Trump's intentional sabotage?
Actuaries: TWO-THIRDS of premium increases next year will be due to Trump sabotage—leading to increases of 28-40% 
http://health.oliverwyman.com/content/oliver-wyman/hls/en/transform-care/2017/06/analysis_market_unc.html …
Oops...
You are intentionally sabotaging the ACA.  Your bill strips Medicaid from most vulnerable and screws the rest of us. Texans will be hurt!
Nice tweet. Really held up. 
it's hilarious but insulting to our intelligence that you continue to pretend you're at all concerned with the public interest.
Fakenews
WHY is this so hard to figure out? FIX THE ACA!!! You can start with refunding the risk corridor & expanding Medicaid.
Gotta get the Mercers and Kochs those tax breaks huh?
I
N
E
F
F
E
C
T
U
A
L
Lulz.
Actually you're slamming the door on Americans. But that's always been the @GOP agenda: pillage, plunder, rape, and ravage.
What say you now @JohnCornyn?
For once, listen to the people you represent. You work for us!
Or the Kochs spend millions in primary opponents for republicans who vote against it.
This aged well.
@JohnJHarwood @seungminkim @PoliticoKevin no, you need to listen to your constituents, Senator. We hate this awful bill.
Fake news!!!
ooops
Oooh someone's 1% overlords reeeeeaaally want their retroactive tax break.
You are the worst. The. Worst.
NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPE.
This bill even raises premiums for healthy working Americans. And will result in 4 million fewer insured thru employer. Do you hate workers?
Yes, the answer is yes.
How's it going, big guy?
This aged well @JohnCornyn
You crooks are TRYING to CUT MEDICAID IN Trump's BUDGET TOO. Medicaid CUTS 50% in 10 years. SHAME! #liars
Do you ever tweet anything that isn't a lie or falsehood?
Once again proving you don't care about your constituents.  This plan is worse.  You promised to fix health care and make it better. DO IT!
McConnell is going to override you, El Presidente.
Dont get your fingers smashed in the door now.  Looks like a delay to me
Senator Cornyn you are an embarrassment to the Senate and the state of Texas who has not an ounce of decency or morality in your whole being
Coward
We need to do it this week before more evidence comes out GOP worked with Russia to steal election. SMART!
Doesn't matter how many doors you open/close. History will not remember you kindly. TX voters will remember how careless you Rwth our lives.
You mean b4 you're found out to be frauds? Too late.
Behind that closed door, Hope you think about Mcconnell using Medicaid when he had polio as a kid. KellyAnne said he should have found a job
One Texan to another: You're not serving our best interest. We PAY you to serve us. Why are we STILL paying you? Ask yourself.
John be smart tell turtle to go fudge himself.. think of all the harm you will cause
TFW you can't wait to kill some poors
Sir, insurance premiums were going through roof BEFORE ACA. The ACA has slowed that prior growth. FIX the ACA. Change name to soothe GOP.
**we need to get moving on fucking over 24 million Americans**
We are slamming the door in your face. #ObamacareWorks
No one believes you "need" to hold a vote before announcements you'd think would help you with your vote.The bill will not be law this week.
Enjoy your 4th of July. Hope you keep your doors open while you're home so your constituents can tell you what they think of the bill.

Talk to Donald Trump. He shrunk the pools and increased the risk in them through an executive order.
So much for that door.
Sounds like the door just slammed shut!  You're right - you've had 7/8 years & the bill still SUCKS!
Senator, I've been calling your office all day to register objections. FIX YOUR MESSAGE CENTER. Can't? Then stay away from health insurance.
I will make sure I vote you out of office!! All you care about is your damn party. This bill is a death sentence  and will make me pay more.
I do not know who in TX voted for you but they are either having buyers remorse or are hateful lime you!
Can't wait to vote you out of office. You were a good AG, but Washington changed you. So sad
Then you are closing the door in 22m people who u put at risk. Your fearmongering forced the instability-you had no plan to solve. Shameful
We are hoing to vote your worthless butt out of office if you vote for trumpcare/mcconnell boondogle screw the needy bill.
Don't let the door hit you on the Az.
you can't take away people right to live!
How are you changing next year's premiums with a bill that doesn't roll out till 2021?
Yet increases go even higher if the bill passes, so just close the door now.
Maybe if POTUS would approve CSRs that insurance companies were promised, there wouldn't be double digit increases?
How do you feel now that the CBO is out? 15 million extra people to lose healthcare next year. Good luck with elections after that.
We're closing the door on your Senate career in 2020.  Can't wait to replace you with someone who values country and constituents over party
He's actually "closing the door" because the more time people have to review the bill the more they will realize it is a terrible bill!
In the week since bill release, what have u done to gather input of minorities,women, poor - none of whom were rep on your secret committee?
No, you don't. You and your cronies need to take the American people into consideration rather than only rich white guys. Stop and listen!
So, you're saying that this bill will stop that from happening? Are you willing to stand by that prediction?
Trumps bill screws over the poor and sick for even more money, but texas has never been a state who cares about that kind of thing.
Cancel your tax payer funded health insurance.
I wish you were not my senator so much. You have really let Texans down and we deserve so much more. This bill will hurt us. Shame on you
Did your parents raise you to lie or is that something you picked up on your own?
There should be lots of debate on this & there should be Committee reviews.  Input from medical experts and public review...not ram it thru
You are closing the door on 22 million Americans and ensuring millions more will no longer be able to afford health care. Shameful.
He knows he's lying. Double digit increases will happen with or without this bill and they will be higher if it passes
"Big Bad John"Cornyn does another tap dance for the very rich. The Texas Medical Center in your hometown will suffer as much as its clients!
Double digit is better than triple or quad under #wealthcare for me. Sad truth is you all COULD fix that, but choose to break it instead.
Translation: I am closing the door. We need to provide tax cuts for the 400 wealthiest families in America, and we need to do it now.
You sir should be ashamed! Under your bill, my rate increases with less coverage! You're sent to represent us, not your party! Do your job!
If u GOP wldnt hv messed with ACA in 2009 we cld hv had best health care system in world, ? Is y? Y do u GOP hate American ppl
Stop the bullshit John. If you pass this horrific bill TX blood will be on your hands & we promise BCRA will haunt your soul forever.
It would be refreshing if you VOTED for your Constituency instead of the Lobbyist who have lined your pockets. 2018 and you're outta here!
No.
What is wrong with you? Why do you hate Texans? Why do you hate Americans? Why do you hate children?
John, why don't you guys reach across the aisle and fix ACA?
John, did you have even 1 public face off to discuss this?
I can't wait for the day you retire.
*die
There, fixed it for you, @jjames127654

@JohnCornyn
Let it fail!
Counting the minutes until I get to vote against you. You don't care about TX health...you only care about your own kickbacks. #Wealthcare
Didn't the CBO today premiums would increase 20% under this new Trumpcare plan?
How about offering extensive tax write offs for those who help pay for surgery to help others.
Wouldn't have been that way had the @GOP not actively sabotaged its implementation. Now you're going to repeal without a real replacement.
Yeah, close that door & continue to work in secret since even the small peak you provided citizens shows just how catastrophic this bill is.

What, doubt digit increases bc of your party's meddling not high enough for you? Sir, you don't care about constituent health.
#CorruptGOP #CorruptCornyn #BoughtByKoch
This bill is not about healthcare or insurance. Tax cut for rich donor friends. Way to rep Texas home of uninsured
Yes, by all means, DO address imaginary double-digit premium increases by guaranteeing multiples of such premium increases.
We need to throw tens of millions of our poorest citizens off of health care?? Heartless coward!
we were experiencing increases prior to ACA and you did nothing.   FIX ACA prob's.....EASY fixes.    D's are on board.
Do not repeal Obamacare!
Try covering people's insurance needs FIRST. If plan is as great as you say, in a few years rich get tax breaks.
Hey John, as a Senator who believes in this bill, ur switching ur health care and that of your family to go thru #trumpcare to, right?
The house needs some fixing up. 

Quick, burn the house down!
That vote better be "No!" Or you betray GOP principles and voters.
#Deathcare
The choice is clear go down with AHCA that has a 21% approval rate and a 56% disapproval rate or cut bait and work to improve ACA
You mean "before more people realize premiums will increase 400% with Senate Bill."
From what I'm seeing, the GOP bill is really a Loser and should never be passed. Trump needs to 'fire' all who have supported it!!!
We don't believe that. They're increasing because your not funding it. We're not stupid. One will you learn that? #resist
@Bencjacobs close it down now; people will die if it passes
lol don't worry your new bill will take care of that!
Sir...you are a huge ginormous POS 
Like you ever opened the door John. You represent the mega rich so let's not pretend anymore. Ditto for Trump. You own that too.
Closing the door because ashamed to face taxpayers. History will not be kind to this Congress-- ignoring Russia+T-care = treason.
@seungminkim @PoliticoKevin good grief, John. You don't even believe that horseshit.
If health care for the poor is so unimportant why do you use a fortune in tax payer funded ins every year?
This is so dishonest. But I guess people keep voting for you so ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
How are you improving healthcare?
GOP equals hate
I will wait with @samdman95 too 
The argument that less is more is ultimately BS. Time to give it a rest. The ACA could be fixed, its not failing, you're failing Texans.
Keep your slimy hands off of my ACA. I don't mind paying you to sleep, where you can do the least damage.
Can't give tax cuts to rich people and help poor people be healthy? Rich people it is. You gotta have standards eh? #Hypocrite
Double digit increase and fewer covered? You are a real winner you hypocrite. Why is being able to go to the doctor or survive illness bad?
You're an awful person. And will be judged as so, when the time goes. What have you done for your fellow man? Taken away their insurance.
you need to think about your constituents and what a hardship you plan will place on them. Vote NO!
