Why not give us facts on your death care bill??
WHERE DID YOU GET THIS FIGURE
That would be because Texas didn't expand Medicaid. You cared more about ACA failing than you did about helping Texans. Thanks a lot.
I'm heartened to see that your constituents are aware of this. The question is why you either don't, or are so comfortable lying to us.
Yes and under your plan they have NO insurance
Won't have an option in the new bill
2.  I can't imagine supporting a family and having this new health bill.
It is also WAY cheaper to live in Texas than in NYC. Food alone costs 35% more
Liars gotta keep lying
450, 000 were forced to buy insurance they should have already had. if you have no insurance and get sick, who pays Sen. Cornyn?
Imagine how much less that would be had we taken the Medicaid expansion.
That was the Republicans fault.
Then #REPEAL it!
In what year? Source of data? Is it the corrected data? Some likely would have been exempt since Texas refused Medicaid expansion.
Boom.
You, the Speaker and the rest of the gang of 13 need to take a class on insurance actually works.  Include more than 13 old men.
John Cornyn never cites his source - because there is none .
Where did you get this number...I see no references. You really do like to talk numbers. Didn't your teacher tell you to show your math?
What does it take, dump Trump and move on
Texas makes it almost impossible to qualify for Medicaid. That's on Texas.
But when you cut Medicare for the rich they won't be any better off
Because Texas did not expand #Medicaid @gop hated OCARE for 8 yrs and still don't have anything better #voteNO #ahca #killthebill
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!  I stand with Rand!!!
I Stand with @RandPaul too! #REPEAL
You are lying
Then why aren't you standing with Cruz, Rand, and Lee? You don't want to repeal Obamacare, that's why!
Because Texas cruelly refused Medicaid expansion out of shear spite
Facts to support that nugget? Or are you dealing in fake news now?
Stop complaining about it and FIX IT!  That's your actual JOB!
Because Texas GOP governor wouldn't expand Medicaid, Texas lost billions that went to other states.  Another GOP failure for Texas.
I find that incredibly hard to believe. The penalty doesn't apply to people for whom the cheapest QHP is greater than 9.5% of their income.
I know for a FACT that I got nailed $462 this year and I didn't break $20,000. It DOES apply for the lower people.
Should ask for your money back.
From the Federal Govt? Funny.
Fake News
Oh, you care about the lower income Americans now?
Nonsense. Qualifying Exemptions: health coverage considered unaffordable; would have qualified if state expanded Medicaid
Do you care to comment about the FACT Texas refused Medicaid expansion causing Texans to suffer? #hypocrite Your lies senator are brazen!
This is because Texas didn't expand Medicare.
Because Texas didn't expand Medicaid and they could not afford insurance without subsidies. That's unbelievably disengenuous of you.
Disingenuous is being nice.  Cornyn has turned into one of the worst LIARS in DC.
What color is Texas?  Why weren't they covered?  Say it!! God I can't wait till you're out of office and we #TurnTexasBlue!!! 
JM, first off no. I am a professional, own my home, work full time, & go to UH for my bachelor degree. Have a 401K, an IRA, & own my truck.
Liars spin facts the way you do. Not Christians.
Anybody notice that these low life senators don't insist on OCare for themselves?
Voting yes on this bill is a bite to ensure OCare is institutionized forever.

You are a fool!

A no vote is a vote for liberty.

Bastards!
PLEASE INTRODUCE

"APOLOGY TO BARACK OBAMA ACT".

GOP SHOULD APOLOGIZE TO HIM FOR DEMAGOGGING THIS ISSUE FOR 7 YEARS BUT NOW PRESERVING IT.
So y won't u repeal OCare?  This bill is CRAP!  

Submit full repeal and let the losers (Collins, Heller, McCain, etc) vote it down.

LIAR!
So you're bragging that 450 thousand Texans didn't have health insurance? You're proud of that?
Under the Senate plan older Americans will pay 5 times more than young Americans. It was 3 times more undr Obamacare.
enough John.
It was a small fine. Obamacare makes insurance affordable for those folks. More so than your heartless plan.
We all agree how awful Obamacare is and how much it's hurting the middle class so WHY ON EARTH did Republicans FAIL TO REPEAL?
You have had 7 yrs to do something about this. You campaigned on repeal of obamacare. We expect repeal or you will be repealed.
That they would not have been charged if Texas had expanded Medicare...
terrible. Medicare for all would fix that,
Dear John, 
You're still missing the point. WE DO NOT WANT repeal & replace. We just want REPEAL. Bring down Obamacare. @GOP @AWRHawkins

To be clear: new #Trumpcare deems maternity care, mental health treatment and Rx drugs as essential for Congress but not rest of Americans. https://twitter.com/sarahkliff/status/885575745191497732 …
Because you didn't expand Medicaid you fuckstick.
Because Texas wouldn't expand Medicaid
How much did they pay when they got sick?
under the dumpster fire, no one has to worry because they will have NO insurance whatsoever.
Under every Admin, ppl making under 25K get a ticket if they drive a car without insurance. What is your point?? C'mon, we arent buying it!
I am ok with that why u are not ok with it boggles my mind a penalty for not having insurance if TX got fed sup we wouldn't have this NEXT !
All parts of all three Obamacare mandates need to be repealed, Senator. Anything less is immoral and unacceptable.

 Here are the consumer protections the Cruz amendment wipes out: 
& AHCA still has it! No Free Market GPO option = No Reduction of cost & increases death spiral. This will be @GOP fault & Primaried OUT! BAD
1) Many of those people would be covered if Texas expanded Medicaid
2) People with low incomes get an individual mandate exemption

Where is this documented? I would like to know.
That sounds like freedom of choice. A fairly stupid choice - to go without cover - but a valid one. How many Texans lose all cover w #BCRA?
And if we'd accepted the Medicaid expansion that wouldn't be a problem. This is on the governor
They should have had access to expanded Medicaid.  GOP chose this.  Why complain it's broken when you advocated for the breaking?
so get rid of the tax penalty and work on health care, instead of just taking it away from them altogether. How is that better?
This  I know is a lie, I do not have Ins and never paid the penalty tax and I make more then that! We can call you lyn John

Cornyn's desire to eliminate the individual mandate will harm my middle class grandson with type 1 diabetes. leaving the republican  party
Because TX didn't take advantage of the Medicaid expansion. Town hall in ATX pls.

New #Trumpcare is even worse. Insurers can trick you to get a plan that doesn't cover you if you get sick. That's not insurance. It's fraud. https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/885516734320529412 …
You can't continue to hide behind your lies, just go away
Why don't you put the number of people that were helped by Obamacare that had subsidies? I have many friends that FINALLY had health insur.
Because Texas never accepted the Medicare expansion...tell the absolute truth.
Can you cite these figures?
all kinds of exemptions for individual mandate. you did not share them: https://www.legalconsumer.com/obamacare/topic.php?TopicID=5&ST=TX …
Question is: how many actually paid?
Incomprensible for you, but if you are trying to live on under $25K have to make choices and even if you want healthcare maybe have to forgo
Your reasoning is that they didn't want it.
Under GOP Wealthcare 22 million people get kicked off and left unable to afford coverage. That's no "choice", that's just being mean.
And under trump care 22 million Americans stand to lose their healthcare. How about we fix the problems with the affordable care act instead
Get to work fixing it then..do your job john
Cite source?  If true, tweak that section of current law.
You fail to mention that Texas did not expand Medicaid and everyone that should be covered is not!  The GOP "cuts off nose to spite face"!
If they are relying on the tax funded public hospital emergency rooms as their fallback, then this is their premium.
It's called individual responsibility. I thought the GOP liked that ideal?
1. I don't believe you 2. Making insurance too expensive and giving tax cuts to your wealthy friends is not a "health care plan."
Single Payer Universal Care for ALL!  Healthcare is a human right!
Under #TrumpScare 30M ppl will lose healthcare while ultra wealth reap big rewards.  US knows where you stand. PS- treason, obstruction real
They wouldn't have had to if cruel @GovAbbott had expanded #Medicaid.
#DoYourHomework
I actually kind of like @GrahamBlog and @BillCassidy 's ideas for healthcare. However, being in Texas I feel like we would get screwed.
I just want to be able to get back to $25 copays and $5 generic prescriptions.
Your bill doesn't make it any better
No they don't. They get a waiver, John. You don't know because you live in a bubble and talk to NO POOR PEOPLE in our state. Come visit.
Cornyn is human garbage. A traitor to the country. The enemy of the people.
This bill stinks and is not a repeal and you know it.
Please post the source?
Show us how you generated these numbers and where information you based it on comes from
Why aren't you retweeting this JC?
Straight from the National Review
And under your BCRA law, 100s of 1000s of Texans will lose insurance, sicken, and die. A nominal tax seems pretty trivial by comparison
Just think Cornyn, if you pass your healthcare bill you get to add murderer to your resume. The piece de resistance. Career crown jewel.
So exactly how does @senategop bill help them? What will they get and how much will they have to pay?
This message brought to you by the ~$214k in campaign contributions John got from BigPharma & insurance co's between Nov '10 and Nov '16!
Source:
Was it because we didn't expand that program? Cause I'm pretty sure that's what happened.
Cause my state of texas WOULDNT sign on to expanded medicaid. Stop twisting it to your benefit. Texas is GOP controlled and has for years!
You don't have the votes, do you?
Tell your staff to either answer the phone or clear your voicemail, you horrible excuse for a human.
Care to cite your sources?
EXCEPT THERE WERE WAIVERS FOR THAT. 

STOP. LYING. TO. TEXAS.
Texas refused to expand medicaid, I did not have to pay a penalty, douche.
under BCRA there is a penalty box, it's a mandate for coverage.
Also remember that Texas REFUSED the Medicaid expansion! Thanks to the Texas GOP leaders!!! That would have been Rick Perry back then.
You're lying.  Most people in that income range are eligible for exemptions or they use Medicaid.  the ACA does NOT penalize low inc people!
Pssst. If the state had signed on to ACA Medicaid expansion like other states...well, you know what you're trying to gloss over.
Good...Don't want to have insurance, pay the penalty of the risk an ER has to treat you with no insurance.
