Will be calling your office in the morning.
This appointment is bad for the environment. 

Vote NO to DeVos

(Texas resident here)
was having convo with 4 of ur constituents, u have stirred up a hornets nest! Ur gonna be out of office soon
notwithstanding imminent biome collapse from climate change, GOP announced additional deregulation
make sure to use this when you lie to your constituents about climate change
& GOP just roll right over Dems to get their way. Listen to ur constituents, sir.
#AnswerThePhone
If he won't answer flood his email  easy and quick
the climate change denier?
the EPA regulates chemicals/toxins that endanger the health and safety of our children and families; I hope this pick was wise.
@DBrandewie @SenTedCruz @dallasnews Trump stated on live CNN 1-19-17 paid Cornyn $ & he had to work for it. Cornyn sold his soul
Trump stated on live CNN 1-19-17 paid Cornyn $ & he had to work for it. Cornyn sold his soul
Is he really our best person for the job?
GOP he no right to bitch about boycotts and blockades. We saw GOP do it for 8 yes #GOPcorruptAF @CNN @thehill @FoxNews
this is not something to brag about. He sued the EPA 14 times. Your constituents do NOT want him.
Keep it up buddy and you will be out on your ass.
I didn't see a single positive reply to this tweet. That should be a sign that you aren't representing your constituents.
just continue with this craziness. You have been given the chance to be reasonable and you are blowing it.  Wake up.
the oil companies are celebrating while our planet dies.. good job! Bye bye in 2020!
He sued the EPA repeatedly. You will be responsible for him. Stand up for Texas, for us. Stop being a coward like the rest.
Please for goodness sake think carefully about Mrs. DeVos. She is not qualified. Please, I have a 5- and 3- year old.
There will be grave consequences with this choice.  Will you accept responsibility?
and this is a good thing sir?
why won't your office answer my phone calls?
still waiting for ur opinion on the "Muslim ban." 1 in 10.9 BILLION chance u will b hurt by an undocumented immigrant. Why ban?
Your contact page has been down for days. Your webmaster has been notified three times by us. Constituents getting angry. fix it
It's a shame they get paid when they don't do their job.
like all of our Representatives who won't support their constituents' wishes. Forgot who he works 4. Time to remind
Why are you so proud of advancing these liars? Did they pay you or do you have no spine?
soon you will realize the people have had enough.  You are all way too beholding to companies ready to destroy our air and water
.@JohnCornyn Cant wait!
thanks for voting to destroy our environment. My kids thank you too.
Who cares about fresh air or clean water, right?
Whee! Moving forward toward destruction of our natural resources!! Your grandkids must be so proud!! 
You really think reducing EPA will help all the TX kids w/ asthma? You can remember leaded gas, DDT, mercury, etc--great times!
I am a constituent in Texas and the more you support trump the less I respect you no guts
no guts at all. Shames me alma matter.
you better get it together. You're going to get voted out. #AnswerYourPhone
Pruitt has no business running the EPA
bye bye environment. Thanks for nothing.
you don't want a strong EPA because you are a partisan hack of special interest groups
Way to guard the hen house with a wolf.  Shame on you and all the GOP.  You make me embarrassed to be a Texan.
Senator, please say #NotoDeVos! She is not good for Texas education! #BetsyDeVos
did you vote for or against Scot p?
I see that your staff can update your twitter but not answer the phone...
Well, I guess the Earth had a pretty good run.
Why did we do that when he lied to us and we caught him in the act?
Write reasons for your votes. Ur constituency has a right to know why you vote the way you vote.  Should be easier than phone.
Al Franken is just the TINIEST bit smarter than you, isn't he?
still not taking calls from constituents I see...don't expect to get voted back in.

Please make the correct decision for Texas children and do not confirm Devos. We need someone with education experience.
you changed the rules to suit you and approved a man who foreclosed on widows and you are proud? Read this Psalm 71
I hope you will not vote to allow pollution of streams
please do not confirm DeVoss
Booooooooooooooo
not my choice! Ore earthquakes around the USA #nopruitt
vote NO for Betsy DeVos!!!
if rules needed to be changed to get what you want, there is something majorly wrong. #AntiDemocratic
This is a horrible choice for our country. Stand up and do what is right for a change.
Sir:We the People ask why you  are ignoring facts regarding Scott Pruitt. EPA protects our earth.Put in place to stop pollution.
hearing you speak on the floor today was disgusting! R's have blocked progress for the last 8 yrs. Wake up & work for the people
Sir:We the People are shouting in the http://streets.You  are not http://listening.Vote  No Pruitt. Vote No Jeff Sessions.
thank you Senator for making it clear to the American ppl the truth about the democrats and their unprecedented boycott. 2018!!!
You've turned American land into partisan politics, and we all have to pay the price. These aren't our values. Do your job pls
heaven forbid they actually get all information needed to make an informed decision instead of speed dating style hearings
#democrats will be on the right side of history for this presidency. Where will you be? #Resist #unacceptable
you misspelled "despite the will of the people".
Vote NO #yourTXconstituent
You all sat with white supremacist NAZIS through his inauguration they even gave closed speeches to GOP. GET OUTSIDE! #resist
This voting constituent will remember the relish with which you manipulate the rules to your favor. #YouRepTXNotTrump
They called it JQ question. They decided to keep the Jews out of their deploraball at Trump inauguration.
You're on the wrong side of history. You stand with alt fascists. Deploraball? Had the "Jewish question" whether to invite them.
Pruitt is terrible for our future. Please vote against him for the sake of the environment.
sad day when we have to look to China to save the environment. Party before planet is no way to govern.
Why bother when the goal is to disband it?
can you in good conscience vote yes for DeVos knowing it's not what your constituents want?  Put kids first not politics.
please vote against devoss. I am a Texan and we will vote you out if not protecting constitution
Block De Vos, pay to play-unAmerican!
your handle says "representing" the state of Texas. #ANSWERYOURPHONE if you want to represent your constituents!
Disgusted with @SenatorCollins @lisamurkowski on DeVos. Also disgusted with loud mouth McCain and Graham. Republicans own enemy.
horrible news.  Check your emails.
Great we don't want President Bannon to get upset with any of you.  Thanks for sticking up for Texans, not.
well then, let's hope for that boycott to get busy
.@JohnCornyn will Repubs continue to suspend Senate rules? Will there be no bipartisan work? You're supposed to represent US ALL. #TEXAN
from sea to shining sea isn't part of your American values anymore, apparently?
you are losing support every time you put PARTY over COUNTRY. Stand up to Trump or lose your seat. #2020
recognizing that your wish is to make the US better, my wish is that you would be a little more introspective
Moving forward. Good. Dems need to participate to be relevant. Otherwise keep moving.
Do you ever consider D boycott as a legit sign of concern among a large % of the citizenry, or is this just a win-lose thing?
"Notwithstanding" = notwithstanding Senate rules that you and your cronies continue to violate. @JohnCornyn
dirty politics now dirty environment.    Why don't u take care of Texans the same way u pay homage to Bannon.  I mean Trump
Protect the CONSTITUTION. COUNTRY BEFORE Party.
hard to believe that you do not see what is happening to our country. You will go down in history for all the wrong reasons.
does he still have lawsuits pending against the agency he will now lead?
Start listening to your constituents. It's not that long till 2020and we are watching you and won't forget. Country over party.
This is nothing to be proud of. @JohnCornyn is 2nd worst Senator from Texas.
Put Americans before party. One political party in control leads to tyranny. #ImpeachTrump
Okay, I'll start hoarding water now. Thank you.
Kick Stuart Smalley's ass again today.If he gets cranky,tell him that"he's good enough,smart enough&dog gone it people like him"
Shameful. It is sad to watch the destruction of Democracy for party politics.
after all you just vote on party lines.   Good doggy, i suppose.
Someone to head the EPA who fought the EPA. Someone supported by climate change denialists such as you. Flint water nationwide.
The Democrats will and must oppose Pruitt. Unlike you and @tedcruz , they're reflecting the will of the people.
not much point in trying to communicate with you. Office closed.  No reply. I guess i should just trust mitch to fight 4 TX. GL
way to go, John...vote personal preference instead of what constituents want.
Stop changing rules. The Dems are doing a great job. Wish I could say the same about my Texas senators.
wasn't a boycott, they were waiting for more info. Better to be informed before making huge decision. NO to DeVos!!!!

do we know his preference for clean water (lead free), clean air, & the 2 for1 drop in regulations? Let's not have DDT back.
The man who sued the EPA 13 times as OK AG? NO! Your constituents know that disqualifies Pruitt.
Country over Party Senator, don't ruin this country by confirming an EPA foe. Business fine and dandy, regulations are necessary
Resist DeVos, another crook in government .
sorry to hear. I want clean water. He doesn't care. Vote NO Betsy DeVos.
Great. You're advancing someone who has sued the agency that he's supposed to be heading. Thanks a lot.
No on DeVos, crooked Repug.sell out !
this was not a smart decision for the environment. You as a supporter will be held accountable sir.
So we can start dying sooner from poisoned water and air.
Why not just shut the EPA down and be done with it?  Let everyone know where you stand.
With each passing day, I wonder more and more why I voted for you and Cruz. You're party-line voting, partisan hacks. #lostvote
agree
