Is bipartisanship possible? @alfranken: "@JohnCornyn and I have done a number of things together. Don't vote for him." #TribFest17 
Yea you need to step off-a Texan
Don't worry Al, were not voting for this sorry SOB ever again..
Grandpa John now going straight up incoherent. Time to repeal and replace John.
I would love to have a senator who cares more about his constituents than his corporate donors. So disappointed in you. #outin2020
At least HE listens to his constituents.  The only things you've done is ignore us and take money from Pacs. Maybe it's time YOU leave.
1,136 days & Cornyn will be nothin' but a bad memory, living a life of luxury at Texans' expense
At least he talks with the people of Texas. When is your town hall Cornyn?
Isnt def. of "crazy" expecting varied results from a continued standard of behavior? Why u still use Twitter? #crazyaf #everyonehatesyou
You’re not funny. You’re not  concerned with real people. You’re  a senator concerned about Koch bros and $. Sad.
As your constituent, I happen to agree with @SenFranken
I would rather have Al Franken as our senator than you and Ted Cruz.
I would rather have a cardboard cutout of Franken than either of them.
At least al Franzen is not sucking the teat of POTUS
Graham Cassidy is cruel/inhumane adversely harming up to 86 million Americans. 27% by no pre-existing coverage(54mil), & 32mil not covered.
Can I give you a ride to the Houston townhall? By the way I have yet to see FEMA.
Lol. I won't...unless he kills me first. #cornygoals#votercleansing
Disappointed that you seem to undermine President Trump. Better watch out for elections in 2018 or all Republicans will be voted out. MAGA
When you ignore your constituents like you do @JohnCornyn no one should vote for you. Party over country, it’s the GOP way!!
Looks like @JohnCornyn will be losing his donors and his job because he failed to repeal something Americans want. #LOSER
I can give him a ride in the bed of my F-150. San Marcos Regional Airport, right?
How about you do your job, Cornyn, and respond to constituents concerns, rather than the high $$$ donors who direct your positions?
I asked for a response from Cornyn's office end a staffer called me from D.C. to tell me bald-faced lies.
Don't worry, @SenFranken - There are a lot of us in Texas who won't vote for @JohnCornyn.  We'll celebrate when he's gone.
@JohnCornyn can't even work with fellow @GOP Texas senator @tedcruz in their fractured party!
Don't take the ride, Franken. You might wind up being tied to someone else's shady campaign contributions.
Well since I'm smart enough to make up my own mind I'll decide when it is time to vote PS won't be a Demorat
He was much better as a comedian.  Oh wait ......
Putting 1/6 of the economy at risk is irresponsible. U are an abomination of public servant. Y R U against health care 4 American citizens?
Enjoy your last term Senator. You do not serve your constituents, you serve corporate interest. You have held no town hall this entire year.
I'm sad you represent Texas and Houston strong will stand up to vote you out
Ya mad cause we like him more?
@alfranken is just saying what most Texans already know. That being you fellate your donors while hosing over your constituency. #YouSuck
#Texas deserves better than 2 @SenateGOP that care more about party than citizens of their state.By the way Sen Cornyn: your mailbox is full
lolz to you both!
He rather have a true American to give him a ride to the Airport.  And flying commercial.  Not private.  Vote NO on new health bill.
We would like a town hall with you. We do not want the Cassidy-Graham bill. Please talk to your constituents...all of them, not just donors
If you vote yes on Graham Cassidy, you are a man without morals, Obamacare isn't perfect but Graham Cassidy isn't the answer
You cozying up to Al is all Texans need to hear to know to Vote you out of office next election. We need a conservative not a RINO.
How about we keep Al and dump you, Senator Cornyn?  Vote no on Graham-Cadsidy!
Senator Franken is a treasure who is interested in governing in a bipartisan manner.
No vote on the GOP's BS health bill, clear your voice mail, have some Town Halls, and really listen to Texas Voters would be nice John!
You could learn a lot about compassion & connection to your constituents from Al Franken. Alas, your sense of humor is not fixable.
Quit pushing bills like Graham Cassidy, Johnny.
No matter how I feel about your G-C note, THAT is funny, @johncornyn. Well played.
Bless your heart. Vote no on Graham- Cassidy. Keep DACA. Hold town halls & listen to your constituents.
Leftists who smile to your face in the halls but destroy you on camera should be voted out. That's not governing. #ScrewRegularOrder
Need a ride to a town hall?

Why don't U offer to exchange seats with Al Franken? Then we could sleep at night knowing our interests are represented, not rich donors.
Their base shouts down their own electorate who in turn make hideous claims of supremacy & racism. Bipartisanship in committee is impossible
So show some balls and work with @alfranken to #FixACA. Or are you too scared you would get cut off by your Koch dealer?
No Johnny, we, your constituents are going to send you packing and keep @alfranken! Bye bye 
Your approval ratings in Texas are abysmal. Perhaps you should catch a cab to the airport and purchase a one-way ticket to Nambia.
Perhaps he can work for the Nambian Covfefe company. Since it's made with 100% confusion, Cornyn would be overqualified for any position.
How about you talk 2 #constituents (Hi there!) about why you support #GrahamCassidyBill when it does the following??
Here are 10 reasons why the Graham-Cassidy #ACA repeal bill is AWFUL. RT! 
Al is a  nothing more! He never WON an election w/o FRAUD! He is in Soros Pocket...back pocket near his smelly full adult diapers!
Go away Russian bot.
#Putinbot
Fleeing Texas already?
Senator you are disappointing.
Pls have joint press conf w Abbott to explain how h/c bill will be managed for TX.  Yr office doesn't know.   Reg order would help us know
@SteveBoggs2 wish we had him.
At least Al honest.  Which u and your Trump shills should try to figure out one day
Have you commented on McCain since his illogical no vote? Can you get a Dem from a red state? Paul change his vote cause he dislikes McCain?
Cmon that was funny
Politics aside it really was a weak joke.
Not a single state wants this #GrahamCassidy
Cruel chaos: Medicaid Directors: "Largest transfer of financial risk to states in history." "Vast majority of states" won't be ready in 2yrs https://twitter.com/aslavitt/status/911018434804068352 …
Many of us would rather give you that ride to the airport. Texas deserves better.
2020 vote Cornyn out!!
@alfranken Texans are trying! #byeIn2020 #TurnTXblue #resist
So when you are voted out of office u plan to get a job with UBER?
So you're not only a lousy Senator, John, you're a lousy humorist.
Be sure to take a picture of trees on the way and tag it “Broc cly”
I would never vote for you, but I would work with you. I believe in bipartisanship and working across the aisle...
He wouldn't give you the same regard, since he's such a partisan hack
Sir, Lions don't swat flies. @alfranken is in the senate as a result of voter fraud. He's not worth the time it takes to respond.
Johnny's a weak politician who is lock step with no spine representing TX in the federal govt. Crazy to think he has done nothing but talk
Please resign
Please, please resign from this seat so Texans can elect a man of integrity, intelligence and concern more about people than position.
I, for one, will be taking Al's advice.
He was respectful to you. True doing the same. Golden rule.
Do you fly commercial John? Or do you abuse it like @ScottPruittOK @SecPriceMD @stevenmnuchin1   Bunch a grifters. Are you a grifter John?
No way you're getting another free ride to D.C. @JohnCornyn  #turnTexasblue
Sweet Jesus, is there something wrong with working together to find a better solution for all Americans??
I like Al Franken. I wish you had a modicum of his humanity.
I admire Senator Franken's conscientious, compassionate and fair representation of all of the people of Minnesota. They are fortunate.
You said it better than I, sir- concurred.
So nice to see Texans coming together to oust you and @SenTedCruz .
You’re an embarrassment to our state
How about Vote NO to Graham-Cassidy Health Bill and stand WITH Texans instead of Donors. I'm your constituent and so far you're IGNORING us.
You are an embarrassment @JohnCornyn.
Al Franken cares more about your 27 million Texas constituents than you do for your one- Donald Trump.
I'll take Al.
I'd like to give you a ride to the airport to get you the fuck out of my state!  Inviting Cruz too!!!  Supporting Trump blindly UR downfall!
You are THE SWAMP, Senator
Good point Al. Perfect delivery
You're in DC.
Team Franken here.
why don't you address WH divisiveness and behave like an adult. This is no longer about partisanship it's about racist in chief.
Cornyn engages in smug snark more than he engages with his own constituents.
62-34 you're not really representative of his constituents.
A Senator is elected to serve all of the people of the state, the best interests of the entire state and the entire U.S.
and the interests of his state are very clearly republican. Thinking that is some kinda gotcha 
Telling that when the Russians wanted to attack democracy and destabilize our government they chose to support a Republican candidate.
hes right? thts why you are commenting correct?

