Instead of name dropping, you could recognize #NationalCancerSurvivorsDay. You're stripping their healthcare, & cant even tweet a platitude.
Suppose we have to name drop now to prove our worth to you! I can go there:  I attended St. Andrew's & Isidore Newman w\Cooper Manning &..
My Daddy was Dick Cheney's minister at St. John's Episcopal in Jackson, WY (when he pretended to live there). Do I earn a town hall for 1000
Bravo!!!!
Gracias! Seriously, WTF do we have to discuss our pedigrees like show dogs to get our Senator to pay attention?
No !!!!  Or be a mega donor. 
even give them a shout out on #NationalCancerSurvivorsDay. It's our job to make sure they remember John's heartlessness & donate accordingly
Nice! I had no idea about @MDAndersonNews!! Well done!
I used to be a fan
Sandy and "me". You wouldn't say "I with the great Peyton Manning"
Sandy and me. #texaseducation
Actually, doc, since it's at the beginning of the sentence, it would be 'Sandy and I'.
"I with Peyton Manning" isn't correct, so it is "Sandy and me"
But with two people it is 'Sally and I'.
Or Sandy or whatever
You wouldn't say "I with the great Peyton Manning".
But you would say 'Sandy and I with the great Payton Manning'; this is basic 6th grade English.
I would love to see you meet with your constituents. You know, the people you are supposed to represent? Hold town hall meetings.
I'll be happy to pose with you Retired pastor who thinks feeding the poor and healthcare for all citizens is a rt  It comes following Jesus
You have too much time on your hands. How about a town hall?
Did you ask him how to keep our intelligence from getting intercepted by Russia? Probably not because you'd rather just block for Trump.
Birds of a feather?
Racists hillbillies stand united
It's a giant forehead contest.
Save it for the #TrumpRussiaConspiracy . His #impeachTrumpnow will be bigger than his inauguration
lol
More bad company. Peyton is not the sharpest tool in shed.
Is he a constituent? Silly question, Cornyn doesn't meet with constituents.
He's not so great anymore after today
wasting taxpayers money, again.
Peyton Manning a sexual assaulter meets a POS senator from Texas. Fixed it.
Getting your picture taken with a sports hero is not going to save your political career if you continue blocking President Trump's agenda!
Not so great Peyton Manning anymore.
I was a fan until I learned how he likes to hang with traitors. Shame on you.
What has this got to do with you representing constituents in the State Of Texas!
And today your buddy is golfing with your Dear Leader. Birds of a feather....
I'm embarrassed for Peyton Manning and his whole family.
Such a great guy that he committed Sexual Assault while playing @Vol_Football  Woman was fired rather than investigate #PeytonManning #TRASH
*Sandy with...
*me with...
Sandy and me with...
great ??? 
Go golf with the ahole...
Collin County constituent here.  How about a town hall?

#InvisibleSenator
We don't care.
How about you hold a meeting with your constituents? What are you scared about?
No wonder you're too busy for town halls
It's all about you right? How about meeting with your constituents?
But you can't find time to meet your constituents?
I get it. Unless we have a helicopter or are "great" in some kind of famous way, you don't give a shit about us.
Great, but how about you meet with your constituents? When will you hold a town hall?
Cute, but when are you going to meet with your great constituents? #cornynstakeout
Do you even admit that you HAVE constituents?
Why would ypu meet with us when we cannot afford to buy you like the oil and gas industry did?
when are you going to have a town hall?
How about a town hall in ATX so you can tell us all about meeting Peyton Manning! I'm a fan!
U are either investing in private prisons yourself or they gave u a big check. This was not your stance b 4. Time for u to b fired
now u want 2 support private prisons by going back 2 mandatory sentencing starting with illegals which would cost the tax payers more money
Glad you have time for the wealthy and influential. What about the rest of us? #TownHall
*and me
Peyton you should really consider not standing near scum like this. He wants to kill us all slowly
Great! Because nothing represents your dedication to Texan's like a picture with Manning right? He's done so much for us.
Did you ask Peyton if he would help you find your integrity?
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
I would have posed with you and your wife if you'd met constituents while in El Paso. I just don't have that kind of money.
Troy Aikman busy?
...townhall?
When's the townhall?
You call PHD scientists silly and you call athletes great?   You sure are some kind of backwards hillbilly aren't you?
Why won't trump release his taxes?
Yeah, that's what you were elected to do. Eat tacos and hang out with celebrities.Good job. Now, about the President selling out the country
bring him to a town hall meeting! Oh wait, you won't have them!!!
Gosh I thought Peyton had taste . Cornyn is bought and paid for! One of thing he worse things in Texas!!!
Is Peyton a constituent or a donor to your coffers? #FakeSenator
It's Sandy and me. ME!
Silly! If only our Senator cared as much about our environment, healthcare system, and collusion of #trumprussia! #brickwall
Name dropper
If I'd known you were meeting Manning I'd have asked him to find out when you plan to hold a town hall.
Run, Peyton! That #cornynstink sticks and reeks of partisanship and hypocrisy!
WOW!!! SUPER!!! Way to go Man!!! That's Amazing!!! Here I was thinking you were going to tweet about defending democracy from Russia.
Looks like nice fundraiser.  You must have enjoyed it.
Awwwww. I love my Peyton!!
Seriously? That's all you've got?

Hacks.
#Traitor  !!!  Do your job!  Protect our democracy and our Constitution.
Try to spot the larger forehead
that the best you can do?  so disgusted by your phony indignation when grilling sally yates.  what deceitful cad you are...
We have a winner.....and to his right, a loser. Too bad you will meet with him and not the people you are paid to represent. #2020
time for celebrities? But not concerned constituents. U sellout your principles for GOP. But can't make progress, as Trump sucks
That looks easier than a town hall with constituents.  At your age I suppose we need to understand.
He has no stamina.
When did he become a constituent? Where is that townhall schedule? Your employers have lots 2 discuss with you.
Let's see a picture of you with the big lotto winners check from your swamp friends in the energy lobby!

What ya call double jerks!
Fake news

He's a cheater. But, ok, I see why you'd like him.
