WATCH: Sen. @JohnCornyn says it's a mistake to "personalize this to President Trump... this is Russia" on investigations in the Senate. #MTP 
Of course they are, wouldn't you if your opponent with someone as outdated and naive as Donald Trump
You mean legitimate media? Yes- it's a big mess.  What are you doing about it?
It's a mistake to think it's ONLY Trump. You're right there. How much of the GOP is complicit?
And how much are the Democrat?  They have been far more in league with the Russians.
#putinbot
You mean like this MSM?
.@JudgeJeanine: "There is no law that says a campaign cannot accept information from a foreign government." http://bit.ly/2vrc5T5  
Actually....there is a law.
Why are you blocking your constituents? Proving, year again, that the only voices that matter to you are those of your millionaire donors.
Why won't you talk to us Or acknowledge our concerns? only access we have to u is thru twtr &yet you block? I voted for you!! Represent me!
You voted for a man who is exactly who he's been...enjoy! 
His history didn't indicate  he would be spineless & not stand up to basic ethical corruption of @realDonaldTrump (who I didn't vote for)
I disagree  I was well aware of his history  But maybe you're right...? 


Can you JUST answer this?-
@realDonaldTrump, his family & Kushner are Putin's American oligarchs. They'd do ANYTHING for MONEY to bail out of their stupid deals. #maga
Russia uses the Trump family too
And when @realDonaldTrump says:
Work with #Russia on #Cybersecurity....
Maybe it was or wasn't #Russia....
no meetings w/Russians

You said
This is personal. Trump has committed impeachable offenses and thinks he's above the law. He's not.
So, you're finally admitting this is happening. A little late to the party #cowardcornyn but still defending your daddy #trumpPuppet
I would agree with you except that members of the Trump family were meeting with the Russians about the election. That's why it's on Trump.
Russia is using Trump too. It's all coming out now, John. You know Mueller will get to the truth of what happened.
Take a poll in your state.  Can the russian issues be hung around Trumps neck?  They may wonder where you,ve been for the Past year.
Grand
Old
Putin's party
Lol, you left out dim-witted POTUS
How much money have you got from Russia?  Probably not as much as McConnell.
@JohnCornyn proving once again he is out of touch. @MeetThePress keep exposing these @GOP idiots.
Calling our Free Press the pejorative MSM intentionally undermines a pillar of our democracy
Texas gave trump our voting records! Can also be used for cyberattacks, propaganda & social media disinformation!!! Down to district level!
And US Senators representing Texas who were more interested in Clinton emails and Benghazi than Russian hacking.  You are fooling no one.
Let's be honest - you might be okay with a little treason for a win.
Well, just in today's news - Russia is saying they are almost done getting their compounds back - for nothing in return!!!  Do YOUR JOB!

You continue to put party over country at this critical time. SHAMEFUL. 2020 comes, you're toast.
You left out your overlord @realDonaldTrump
How do you want to be remembered as a patriot, or as a TRAITOR. Less than 40% of US remain gullible, the rest of US are watching you! #maga
Focus should be on Putin, his oligarchs, and the Trump collaborationists. You pretend to be tough but let corrupt Trumps off the hook. #maga
MSM is unwitting, but GOP knows exactly what's going on. Don't they John.
#treason. You are just as guilty because you are trying to cover it up.
Trump is mentally unstable and is consumed with narcissistic greed.
Do not try to normalize these things
This issue can't be summed up in a tweet. It is both about Trump and is also bigger than him.
Oh look. It's 2020. #boybye
Oligarchy:  a government in which a small group exercises control especially for corrupt and selfish purposes.
I'd say we'll wish you goodbye in 20 Cornyn. But more likely we'll wish good riddance. This country and our state DESERVE BETTER
@MeetThePress So now the position is : Russia is bad, not Trump! That's perfect for simpleton consumption, John
Pro life Senator who is pro death to kids with cancer and seniors with alzhiemers and on medicaid
And how is the alt-right media contributing? The term MSM is #FakeNews and helps undermine an important part of our democracy. A free press!
According to trumpy they didn't do any of those.
Wow.  When did you realize this.  And are you going to do anything about it?   We've been waiting.  They also kill opponents...
"This healthcare bill has gotten much better from the conversations we've had amongst ourselves." You don't speak for me. Work together.
Plus Unwitting or are they Witting Republicans?
Give me a break! The real culprit is the CIA and the intel communities who funded ISIS and the coup d'etat of Ukraine!
All  your spinning is not going to save your traitorous Dear Leader. Please retire; you're a joke. #RussiaGate
Yep. What have you done to stop them?
Unwitting? Seems to me like the MSM has jumped in feet first in defense of what the DNC has done.
Well John, if you think your reputation will improve you're wrong. 
#NobodyLoser
#LockJohnCornynUp 
#TryingToKillUs
#JohnGotRussianMoney
I think you meant elected officials are undermining trust in the Free Press. i.e., where would we be without Woodward and Bernstein?
I hope we are wrong about the president , but what if it is true can we all agree he should resign or be impeached!!
Russia is using unwitting Senators too.
Grow up Senator
You play into their hands when you belittle the news media.  Russia loves that!
I thank God for the amazing journalists in our Fourth Estate.
I looked up the meaning of "jackass" in the dictionary and, you guessed it, your picture was there.
You're a traitor.
They aren't the unwitting dupe you taint goblin.
Shame on you shame in you traitor to America resign
Karma, brother.  Karma.
HOW ABOUT UNWITTING MAIN STREAM SONS.
There's no such thing as the MSM
Hello? The Russian government worked to elect Trump and he was willing to accept that help. This is very much about Trump!
Russia could only help your party if it was invited in   Who sent the invite? Maybe you?
Cornyn it started with Trump live all die all TRUMP TRUMp caused all of this is choices his lies his family don't candy coat this treason
And all the lies that matter most to me
Where draining me dry making a ghost of me
By defending him and making excuses, you're indirectly (or directly, maybe) promoting @realDonaldTrump's immoral and dishonest behavior.
I thought you were Christian? When are you going to stand up for those principles and be honest about the kind of "man" Trump is. Spineless.
You're a disaster. Why do you continue to embarrass us on the national stage, like that?
So, Senator, is Trump's characterization of the investigation as a "hoax" productive, or does it undermine the goal of the investigation?
@MeetThePress This IS TRUMP & U & entire administration! You are more complicit by the minute! You must have no shame left.
Senate intelligence committee is a joke you 4 one proves no intelligence on your side, just cover-up #TexasVoteCornynOut #GetTheseCrooksOut
This is bad:
"US is leaderless. Let Trump fumble, hopefully we'll get through our own elections without their interference": Russian TV U-turns on Trump.
Except that Russia specifically wanted Trump for president, and specifically did not want Hillary Clinton.
R u seriously suggesting that trump did not orchestrate collusion w Russia? U r delusional & if u don't get on board the truth train...2020!
The president that you support Tweets, Watches TV all day or travels. Is that making America Great Again?
So what are you going to do to save American democracy from the Russians. We may have Russian operative in the WH.
Why does the Republican majority enable and support trump? Is it party first self serving ignorance, cowardice, fear of their emperor?
It's all about trump supporting and encouraging the nation that attacked us and probably committing treason. Ignorance is no defence
Also, Trump. Did you miss @selectedwisdom testimony? These things work so well because Trump uses them.
And shouldn't you be saying "follow the evidence", not "look over here"? It truly stuns me seeing what you're willing to do to my country.
Even in the face of pro-Trump Russian influence, you will put party over country.
Unwitting seems to apply more to the Trump family than the MSM.  Quit pandering to the tin foil hat crowd- Texans expect better.
Reprehensible. How many democrats were invited to reinvent ACA?
No, John, it's pretty much Donald and clan colluding with Russia. How much more evidence do you need that Big Don is an idiot?
This IS Russia... using Trump.
Inviting Russians the day after and said these horrific statements and has yet to say a single negative comment about Russia and collusion
@MeetThePress - Glad your view is that it's not partisan & serious. Now convince 45 to stop minimizing it - his base is gullible
Putin & Lavrov had private mtg with 45 and Tillerson a week ago--no one else allowed to hear the deals taking place. This *should* concern u
McConnell knowing & doing nothing. And you,John, yes you, knowing & looking the other way. You & 45 are in this up to your pink necks. Shame
One of the worst GOP liars I've seen on #MTP yet!  The coverup & lying is #SAD all will be accountable-no on escapes divine laws! No one 
Trump eagerly spreads Russian propaganda. Why? Because it benefits him! And you? You're an apologist for this unpatriotic behavior.
Unwitting @realDonaldTrump and family
WHY DOES TRUMP NOT HAVE A PROBLEM WITH THiS?
Trump knew about Russia and invited them in when he said "Russia if you are listening". It is personal because he wanted their assistance
He's a liar & will b held responsible. This is a disgrace. Imaging if it were the other way around. GOP would have the ropes out. Hypocrites
Russia using the GOP (and I don't believe they were unwitting..more like compromised) GOP was given the power and you crapped the bed.
You're right, we shouldn't personalize it to Trump. We blame all of you who enable him as well.
You said Dems want to fix healthcare by throwing $$ at it.  Wrong!  You want to take $$ from healthcare and give it to your rich buddies.
With the assistance of Americans working on Trump's campaign.
Russia is trying to undermine our government. Trump, personally, abets them. 
...don't think we didn't notice your subtle media slander
Collins is 1 of 100 Senators.its ok to vote against bill, but what gives her the right to vote against ALLOWING the other 99 to debate? RT
When trump falls, will you change your tune?  Might be too late.
Sen. Cornyn I support @POTUS. You are a never Trump globalist obstructionist. Americans want @POTUS to #BuildTheWall
This entire WH administration---its staff, its appointees, its POTUS---jumped on the Putin Treason Train & is complicit. Don't deflect.
So it's ok for Jr to meet w Russians?  You are on the wrong side of history, traitor.
@GOP=gov't of Putin. Save our Democracy and put country before party or confess and resign as treasonous traitors. @SenateGOP @HouseGOP
Except that he literally INVITED it in a campaign speech. And his son literally INVITED Russian intervention. But other than that, mistake.
Don't you mean "unwitting POTUS?"

We're they using  cyber attacks and social media when Donnie Jr. posted his emails?
Still kissing up, we see.
Trump campaign. Front and center.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
.@SenatorCollins to @ThisWeekABC: GOP health care bill "would make sweeping and deep cuts in the Medicaid program." http://abcn.ws/2tfyJkR  
God, I hate when politicians avoid questions. Was it a hoax? Yes or no? Period.
You finally agree that foxes in the hen house not good. Phew, okay.

Now, try a little harder to understand that it matters who let them in.
Russia is the theme of the Despotic Left's FUD (Fear Uncertainty and Doubt). Why are you buying into the Left's FOG they call Smoke?
Get real! It's obvious to most Americans that he was clearly involved too! His own statements involve him.  Follow the dots!
#MSM is what is protecting us from GOP apologists. Trying 2 discredit media is old trick (See RMN/Watergate). Party above country I guess.
If you had a backbone, you would immediately introduce a bill to prevent campaign contributions to pay legal fees of junior: private citizen
Catch a clue, this was collaboration pure and simple.  Get your head out of the sand.  PS, the country has never been this divided thanks T.
Russia uses stupidity of party over country folks to enable the Trumps, et al to ruin U.S. within and standing with other nations.
So why haven't you pushed to get additional sanctions thru congress?   What solutions are you proposing to combat in 2018 elections?
Then why are you not holding @POTUS @realDonaldTrump accountable?
And who is enabling, pray tell?  Next you're going to say Hillary made him do it?  Magic words: NOVEMBER 2020. Either be a patriot or adios!
Yep. Jared Kushners social media company. Thanks for confirming.
You know this tweet is not going to age well. #CornynsComplicit
What does Trump have on you?
When did YOU know of the interference? When did YOU know that Trump (or his campaign) was involved? Will some reporter ask him? #FreePress
And an unwitting administration, party and president.
Then work to get the investigation completed so he can be cleared or otherwise.
Here we are again.. Loads of complaints and far fewer likes. Get a clue and put #CountryBeforeParty
Why are u trying to cover this up? That is a naïve and a dangerous (to the USA) effort on your part.
@GOP uses these tactics all the time. Doing it right now. And, I know honesty is foreign to you, but GOP wouldn't win anything w/o cheating
You forgot to add spineless, complicit GOP MoCs to that list
