you know, John....y'all can undo everything President Obama did. Every regulation. Every law. 

You can't undo him. 1/
no matter what you "reverse", or what you undo, you will ALWAYS be the average guy who failed next to an exceptional man. 2/
He was exceptional at adding to the national debt.
yeah, I'm sure Trump will balance it all out with his go-to move of declaring bankruptcy. 🖒
or we could do the common sense thing and, you know, spend responsibly.
right, like building an 80 billion dollar fence, at a yearly upkeep cost also in the billions!
or maybe you meant starting a trade war with allies. OR maybe you meant an unwinnable war with a major religion?
You don't think a large number of a "major religion" weren't already at war with us before Trump was elected?
you're nuts! Have you no shame? Are you an American? Poor Texans whom you represent. #stoptrump #impeachtrump #russianrex
You have a short memory.  God help us.  Consumers are in trouble.  Hope your donors are happy!
Thanks for screwing the Texans that voted for you!
Regulations actually were protecting the US citizens, remember us, the people whom you represent?  And our environment...ugh!
Good job on the link, Senator.  The opening paragraph summarizes exactly why what you're doing is wrong.
do you realize these regs were put in place to protect the citizens? Remember 2008? We do!
And you're proud of that why?
Your constituents want you to vote NO on #Devos! Are you listening?
it is clear from the twitter respondents on each Sen. Cornyn tweet that he is not listening.  2020's in 3 years.
yeah man, we don't need financial planners whose duty is to their clients, do we?
#votehimout2020
and allowing mentally ill people to purchase guns? NRA over American lives.
it's truly sad that you refuse to be an honorable, man of God and let your greed get in the way of standing up to Trump!
Are we throwing the baby out with the bath water?
wrong on devos wrong on clean water wrong on corporations making disclosure of payments to foreign govs
Please tell me how you can justify that its ok for mentally disabled people to be given a gun?
Trying to undo EVERYTHING your predecessor's done is vengeful and will hurt many-including your constituents.
Since your vote was Yes to Devos, Texas is looking to get rid of you! #Youaredone
If he won't pick up his phone email him!  easy and quick
Guns to mentally ill, coal poison in water, vote for DeVos means u do NOT represent the people of Texas. Shame!
Can you please explain why water pollution & mentally ill having easier gun access is good without saying Obama?
a terrible mistake. We Texans are ashamed of you.
come on folks. We all know that clean air & water are overrated. Who need bank regulations we all know recessions r fun for all
You and 45 are both a danger to this country.
Do you support the impact this could have on Texas Workforce regulatory activity? Asking as a constituent.
so in other words -- no safety/ health protection for actual humans.
Yes, because who cares about clean water? The fact that you can walk without a backbone is amazing.
Obama will go down as 1of the best.Decent &beloved. Trump is ur albatross.Obstruction,not governance, ur legacy.
It's nice to know that you prioritize water contamination for the benefit of the declining coal industry. #lostmyvote #resist
I think he truly believes he works for the coal and finance industries.
Some regulations are protection: protect the citizens from predatory corporations
Thanks for allowing coal and finnce companies to power corruption and pollution. #DefeatCornyn.
Please help preserve environmental regulations, not dissolve them.  Very hard to eat and drink money. Constituent Orange, TX
In a very underhanded, sneaky way. A lot of us were quite ignorant before this election. Now we're watching.
Are you seriously proud of that? You mean you are scrapping regulations that protect Americans.
he seems to care nothing for his constituents or America. Stand up for us. Not big business.
#GOP @JohnCornyn for guns to #Americans
receiving @SocialSecurity disability for severe #mental illness?
@MSNBC @WSJ
You're proud of that? Molly Ivins was right about you when she said at least you sure LOOK like a Senator.
House Republicans WANT more guns in the hands of shooters like the ones at Sandy Hook, Aurora, & Ft. Lauderdale Airport. Do you?
Where were you repubs during the Obama years? All the go along to get along B.S.  Now you want to act all tough?
this is not in the best interests of 99% of Americans
Texas has questions for you. Time for town hall, Senator
@RepTomPrice Incentivize HOSPITALS, DR GROUPS & URGENT CARES to negotiate DIRECTLY w employers, bypassing insurers, COSTS DROP.
@SpeakerRyan @RepTomPrice Incentivize HOSPITALS, DR GROUPS & URGENT CARES to negotiate DIRECTLY w employers, bypassing insurers, COSTS DROP.
@VP @MitchMcConell Incentivize HOSPITALS, DOCTOR GROUPS & URGENT CARES to negotiate DIRECTLY w employers bypassing insurers, COSTS WILL DROP
stop him. He is crazy. The Republican Party will forever be known as the crazy party if he isn't stopped.
@jjauthor @RepTomPrice @POTUS @vp @SpeakerRyan PLEASE in repairing or "curing" Obamacare, you include -->
America's democracy wasn't enough? Now you're out to destroy the  too? #ImpeachTrump
@tedcruz such as rolling back of oil comps LIKE EXXON to disclose payments to foreign govt's @SenWarren https://www.facebook.com/senatorelizabethwarren/videos/721834187979077/ …
So what do you have against transparency and clean water, John? Shouldn't we learn from the past,prevent another 2008 recession?
trai·tor\ˈtrā-tər\n person not loyal to his own country. A person betrays country of people.
Siding with the NRA to sell guns to nuts & dumping poison in streams does not MAGA. Supporting corp. greed = lost elections.
I'm a Texan, 78728. Child with dyslexia. Please, please vote NO on DeVos! Don't fail the most vulnerable people in your state
So we no longer care about clean water, clean air, and making sure mentally ill people can't buy guns?
Senator is your Twitter intern a bot? You represent Texas, not just (R)'s, at least for now....01/03/21
Exactly!
YES! I have been calling your ofc but mailboxes full! I CANNOT AFFORD to spend 21% of my income on healthcare!
common sense and reason required. Our president is a national security risk who's been compromised. U know this
all the money you've made will never buy back your soul.
.@JohnCornyn @washingtonpost Bring on a new, worse recession... where the rich get richer and the poor get poorer. #jackass
Yeah because we really need more crazy people with guns!
is this supposed to be good news? Polute our water?
So, you're okay dumping coal mining waste into our waterways? One time do something for the people and not big business. #resist
Awesome. Who needs clean water? #staythirsty
so you're Ok with Coal dust being dumped in your yard?
YAY, so we can lead into another Great Recession!!! And I'm sure politicians will make bank shorting against it!
I hope all this Trump ass kissing is worth it when you're not re-elected & you go down with the ship. You all need to grow up!
You're all a bunch of condescending, arrogant, incompetent jerks who only have your interests in mind. We pay you to work 4 us!
She knows how to throw a lot of money towards people to buy them off. You are thinking of your party. Not the kids!
Why are you proud of this? Oh, that's right... you value the party over people. Got it. #partisanhack
It means we don't think she's the right person to fix it! She has no idea how to fix it. She only knows charter/private schools.
about time. Lead follow or get out of the way.
because screw our kids by poisoning the world they will inherit, amirite?
Jobs and 2nd amendment first; planet, safety second
Thank you for showing us what you truly believe in. #JohnCornynOutIn2020
moronic to think regs were passed willy-nilly. Admin Proc Act requires public comments-w/out comment U end them.
you shouldn't be excited about this.
And this pleases you? Guns for the mentally ill? Pollluting rivers and streams? Shame on you!
 filling the swamp 
no integrity
the greed of republicans is truly revolting. This is pure corporate greed.
Finally, we can all be exposed to carcinogens at the higher rate you think we so richly deserve.
Protecting citizens from corporate toxic dumping used to be a bipartisan value. Shame on you all for selling out @JohnCornyn
Really? THIS is what you're touting as an accomplishment?
Would be nice if someone in your staff answered the phone so I could personally tell them I'm not voting for you.
Hill Republicans move to weaken the National Instant Criminal Background Check System
Hill Republicans move to allow Coal Companies to pollute our drinking water - Shame, Shame, Shame
at least Hill Republicans are being transparent about protecting corporate corruption & destruction - your donors are very happy
Just what need, coal mining debris in our streams! Gee thanks.
Hill Republicans move to allow oil gas & mining companies to make secret payments to foreign governments = Happy Donors
Including favoring coal profits over clean water. Very disappointing. #YourTXConstituent
move to allow methane emissions from oil & gas operations on federal land - you don’t care about Mother Nature?
Because they are racist and working in the interests for corporations.
he doesn't care about us Texans. He cares about himself and his seat. You're losing your seat! You are shameful!
don't bother to call. He's not taking calls because he's ignorant and chose to turn his cheek to our children.
you think this is a good thing?? Yay, I can't wait for the destruction of our world!! Thank you, Senator.
you will most certainly be voted out for your irresponsible voting.
scorch earth Republican agenda? That doesnt work for people
does that include the Obamacare regs?
are you bragging about this?  Oh and the mentally ill can get guns again... way to go GOP!
You DO remember West, right?
So you've cleared the way for big oil/gas/coal to bribe foreign governments and poison the American public??? 
Senator, as a Texan I'd like you to explain some of these. What good does dumping coal waste serve?
Wait! Protecting streams?! Scrap? Remember, Texas children deserve to be left a healthy environment! What regs?
'GOP votes to poison more Americans while simultaneously stealing their healthcare'
@tedcruz Thanks for protecting me from clean water- close call there!
You are not representing your constituents by doing this.
The @GOP has become a ridiculous cartoon villain and they don't even see it. Disgraceful partisan hypocrites.
you're a morally bereft joke of a human being.
Again, look at what ALL of your Twitter followers are saying. You aren't representing the people.
how is this an achievement?
Wohoooo Great Recession 2.0, thanks
You really need to read the room @JohnCornyn. Constituents like me prefer to not have coal mining waste in their water. You've lost my vote.
Sir, when will u start listening to ur constituents? We want clean water don't want Devos.
Finally revealing you are in the pockets of big money, not thinking of the future generation
you can't ignite the crazy orange elephant in the room forever, you know.
thank god mentally ill can buy guns and mines pollute creeks. Great job!
Nothing to be proud of, shows your ignorance to protect your own environment and people. Sad.
your party is a cancer on our country. Without voter suppression you'd never stay in office. Be ashamed.
Making America Flint again!
Sen. Cornyn, please be smart and wise what regulations you undo.  Not all are bad but a LOT are.  Tread softly!
Great. Now you can dump coal waste into the water again. All regulations aren't bad!!!
Pollute the water in coal country John.  Your kids and grandkids won't be impacted.
get your head out of the 1900s. It's 2017. Time to focus on renewable energy instead
Ur awake. Can I give you a call?
Apology to the French Reolution: But Mr. Cornyn the people have no clean water. Let em drink soda.
you're boasting about intentionally endangering our environment?  What's wrong with you?
These r the regs requiring a broker to act in your best interest. Such evil. It could be the end of self dealing
YAY!!!!! I've been waiting to dump coal mining waste into my streams!!!!! sarcasm @washingtonpost
