.@JohnCornyn stop citing @dcexaminer and start citing responsible, researched journalism.
Yes! A thousand times, Yes! #factsmatter
Hey John, are you willfully ignoring Trump & the GOP blaming Obama for not doing enough to deport Mexicans? 
more strawman arguments while ignoring the facts.
Obama didn't base an entire campaign on bigoted threats. Credibility and integrity earn benefit of the doubt.
no he just did it quietly. You're right.
@tedcruz Your constituents demand a #TownHall
All this response in support of 45 is for your conscience alone; your constituents are terrified for this country. REPRESENT us!
"detain individuals apprehended on suspicion of violating law, including Federal immigration law" 2/3
Make no mistake, this is a deportation force to deport ALL undocumented people, including those "suspected" of a crime 1/3
Why didn't you post this at that time? Also, REMEMBER you won't do anything Obama did!
this is a sad use of your time and energy. You aren't paid to critique critics. You are paid to represent Texans. Do that better
Another article from the Examiner....yawn....
I listen to my party way to long John Cornyn and I found out your not the devil himself.
Agreed. But-Obama did not drive non-violent folks into underground/scared to call 911! This makes my home less safe!
Flashback in 2021: Cornyn Loses Seat; Ignoring Constituents Cited
2021??? Too long.
He's not up for re-election until Nov 2020???
he committed Treason along with Hilliary, McCain, George Soros etc the Islam group doing same I am 75 yrs Texan!
pointing to Obama doesn't make it better. Many were upset at his deportations also
it is a matter of prioritization--where should we allocate ICE resources---dreamers, DACA, ---clearly not---get realistic
Very, very different from Obama's order of folks convicted of serious crimes. We all want serious criminals out of the country.
"immediately construct, operate, control, facilities to detain aliens at or near the land border with MX" 3/3
You also realize that ICE is detaining far more than dangerous criminals - I.E. moms. http://time.com/4665860/arizona-deportation-mexico-guadalupe-garcia-de-rayos/ …
As you know, there's a difference between "not interfering" and "expending limited resources in support of."
The problem, sir, is that we now have confirmed cases of non-criminal deportations. That is why we are no longer "mum".
note to John: Obama is no longer president.  This is a waste.  You have no plans for the present to share?
that article makes it clear there have been fewer and fewer deportations with each president. What exactly is your point?
His point is that he didn't actually read the article.
lol he really didn't read it.  It actually clearly shows the difference between Obama policies and the CA.
ICE raids as we speak, deporting ppl for minor infractions. Do u want THIS 2 b ur legacy? Families ripped apart?
as a TXn I cannot abide this & I don't understand how u can either.  Shameful way to treat our allies. Take a stand
As a member of the GOP, do you have to take some sort of oath to lie and distort facts/history? We're smarter than you.
I think you forgot that Obama is not the president?  There's a new guy in town.
I criticized him then, and Trump now. 2 wrongs don't make a right. Telling that u support Obama's deportations now.
wasn't right then, isn't right now. Constituent from 78728.
Obama never made a show of it, scaring children and their families, because that's not who America is. Reign it in, Sen. Cornyn.
I support our President Donald Trump
, is this a roundabout way of saying you don't support the current @ICEgov activities? If so, your constituents are behind you!
It is not the same you racist.
John guess we're gonna have to yell at your donors. Let them know!
why are you still talking about Obama? 2 wrongs don't make a right....
TX detained legal citizens w/out due process. Let's have a town hall and discuss. Do you read legit news?
And this helps to solve the problem how?
@SecretsBedard STOP! This is not a stinkin' popularity contest Speak for u & Administration. U R in office Not Obama
.@JohnCornyn .@dcexaminer History doesn't legitimize profiling. We should have learned from Operation Wetback. ICE is actively profiling.
- Obama didn't split up families & uproot hard workers who lived whole life here. DO YOUR JOB. #NoBanNoWallNoRaids Putin in WH?
In posting this article, are you taking a stand against ICE raids happening right now in Texas cities?
then why all the open border, flooding talk? Obama was either tough on illegals or wasn't. Can't pick both
Flashback: Repub mum on how they have & continue to use false fear of uncontrolled immigration for political profit
Good. Most people understand what illegal is.
hahaha! this is your defense. wow you are rapidly ceding ground.
federal law says anyone employing 10 illegally can be jailed. Focus on that. Go after the ones who own you. #2020
Today: Cornyn still not answering phones or holding town halls because he's a coward.
Didn't we just talk about partisan bias this morning? Thought you wanted to do better. So why this disingenuous headline now?
You guys are mum about it. You guys act as if he welcomed everyone in without vetting. Get your criticism straight.
twitter game on point. How about actually talking to your constituents?
Meanwhile President Bannon has let Russia into our Whitehouse.
Never too old to point out that someone else started it huh?
to be clear to you deaf ones, it is not so much the orders as it is the way they are rolled out w/o much thought!
and bring tacos!
because when he rolled out his order it was clear and priorities set! This one is tag them and bag them!
Obama focused on Illegals with CRIMINAL RECORDS - people that would not have been vetted into the USA. NOT FAMILIES.
Where were the protesters?
No real surprise, hypocrisy is after all part of the human condition, we all suffer from it.
Obama is gone, and the R's are in charge. Stop relitigating old non-disputes and get to work solving real problems.
Deflection, deflection, deflection.  John Deflection Cornyn
many called Obama the deporter in chief. The criticism was there. His policy also had a balance. DACA allowed
for model residents to work and live without fear while those convicted were deported in record #s.
trump is killing DACA and ppl who don't even know the country they were born in will be forced there.
someone who arrived in their childhood, may not even speak Spanish or know anyone there. It is inhumane to force
those people out. And allowing their work permits to end is exactly that.
Allowing someone to stay, just because their parents dragged them across the border, rewards the parents
it treats the dreamer like a human being. It is the right thing to do. Look at the criteria for DACA.
the dreamers are better citizens than many natural born citizens.
Don't whine about Obama, defend deportations in your own words. Can't wait until you're not on the public dole.
enforce the law, court orders are respected or they aren't, illegal criminals on final order of removal remove
you are one of the worst offenders of this.  Always point to someone else. It's childish
