Tax breaks for the rich? Trickle-down rebranded. No thanks.
You know he was the biggest no one till he got paid... hot wife. Still has to impress her
Steve Mnuchin is lying.

You should be better than this.

Senator.
Can you (or any Republican) show some concrete evidence that trickle down works. I'm flexible, with evidence. But there is NONE!
His opinion seems to be the minority.
#magicalthinking
Nonsense. This absurd plan would be yet another structural expansion to the national debt.

Plz RT this so all those dumbass Republicans know Dems have NO intention of working w/them! https://twitter.com/sengillibrand/status/912837218208755712 …
and increase deficit by 1.5 TRILLION.  Fiscal responsibility out the window. Along with ethics
You do know that people with a quotient of intelligence sees through your bullshit, right? And I doubt you will but #FirePai
Thou craven unwash'd clotpole!
Not according to the experts, it won't.
Senate, no one will ever get everything they want! Agree on something to can sleep at night with & get it done! Citizens are the losers!
Tired of the same hold outs again & again. Their little hurt feelings should be set aside & think about what the people voted to have done!
GOP tax plan will at least pay for his use of private jets, right? I mean, there's no reason we should think this guy would lie.
Tax cuts for the rich don’t trickle down.
You know this is a lie.
What about the federal deficit? does it matter anymore?
Too funny.
A unicorn told him so.
Tax cuts for the rich... yeah... sure
Will it cover his private jet travel cost too? Sorry, I can’t trust him to handle any tax plans or anything financial at all for me.
And maybe pay for his use of private transportation instead of public. Plus wife shopping spree and request for govt plane for honeymoon
Wealthy oligarchs are the winners here. Nothing for the poor except losing healthcare? Cruel, inhumane abomination of a public servant.
Would the savings pay for all these people to charter military planes?
Trickle-down BS we've all heard before. I'm sure Mnuchin doesn't mind that he'll get a tax cut.
My month-long Hawaiian vacation will also pay for itself because I'll be so much more productive when I get back
Right! And the War in Iraq will be over in six months and be paid for by oil revenue.
Pipe dream. Depends very very much optimist projections. Again name one tax cuts worked?
Pure 100% speculation. The Reagan administration tried the same plan and the National debit doubled in the 8 yrs he held office. FACTS
Extended warranty, How can I afford not to buy it!
Basic math. Take in less money=more $$!! Unleash the leprechauns!!!!!!
Mark to market baby!
Not what others in administration are saying...... http://abcnews.go.com/amp/Politics/trump-adviser-guarantee-taxes-middle-class/story?id=50149729 …
Balanced on backs of middle class.
Mnuchin flits around in private jets at taxpayer expense.
Now that’s some bullshiot right there!! Why aren’t you all screaming about the deficit going up or is it only ok if a Republican does it?
what about the deficit that you always were concerned about before?? were you lying when you said that for years?
I might support if there were incentives to wage increases & R&D and new factories. Reparative the $ but put it to work immediately
Because he's got no conflicts of interest for pushing the proposal *sarcasm*
Mnuchin is a con artist.  How did he get approval? Look at his history with One West Bank.  Utterly unfit for any federal office.
U can fool some of the people all the time all the people some of the time but never all the people all the time.  Plan will benefit wealthy
@@stevenmnuchin1 Gamblg on econ grow for tax cuts w our nat'l debt in trillions INSANE! It's illogical it will cost B$ for hurricaine relief
Munchkin would lie about anything
Is this the same uber rich guy who tried to get the govt to pay for his honeymoon? Always looking out for our country, huh?
But would it cover this administrations private jet travel??
Mnuchin and most of the Trump regime are pathological liars and corrupt as Hell. Please find the courage to tell the truth. #CornynWeak
Why don't you tell Mnuchin to start paying for his own shit first before you quote him. The GOP needs hip waders it's so damn swampy there.
How many times are we supposed to believe this lie? Tax cuts never ever ever ever pay for themselves.
Yes, sure, let's take the word of that out of touch guy. Your constituents stopped believing you long ago. #lastTerm #turnTXblue #resist
CBO – munchkin is nuts, this will crush the middle class.
Just like all those private jets, huh?
...and should we talk about travel cost? Can you say private planes? #GOPIsBadForPeople
I wonder when #GOP will realize that "tax cuts" are not the key to growth, generousity is!
And you're the sucker who believes the banker man who benefits from the tax plan. Hell, you do to. How much they paying you Senator?
I hope the Senate can pass something. The House is doing a good job.
Yes, forget what everyone else says, and listen to Mr. Mnuchin. A fraud in and of his own making. Stop the nonsense senator.
No it won't. Fortunately not all of us chose to forget what happened with Ws tax cut

Same B/s Reagan gave us. Borrowed 6 Trillion to pay for tax cuts.Bush 1 raised taxes,still borrowed 4 Trillion. Reagans tax cuts that bad.
Tax cuts for the 1% don’t generate enough $ to fuel growth. We’ve been learning this lesson since Reagan. Do something different.
Haha, where have we heard that one before?
lower rates for lower/middle, lower corp rates for +jobs, pay with higher rates for plus $2 mil income, rev neutral day 1, lower debt future
Did you get permission from McCain?
Even if it does, which is doubtful, balance needs to be tipped in favor of lower/middle class away from upper, also lower corp tax for +jobs
Willing to bet the nation on pie-in-the-sky economic forecasts? Job growth with unemployment at historic lows? Need tax credits tied to hiring to get jobs.  When the longest running growth falters, what will u have left to stimulate the economy?  Foolish!
Let’s just see what the CBO has to say about that...
Funny. So what about his private jet use, he gonna pay for that? How about Price, you gonna let him get away with screwing USA?
@JohnCornyn john why do you openly lie to the American people?
Did you hear Gary Cohn outline the ideal situation for a family of 4 making $100k yesterday? He predicts they'd get back $1000. That's it.
And then he says the family can buy a car or renovate their kitchen with that money. What? $1k buys you 3 or 4 IKEA kitchen cabinets.
And $1k for a car? Try to get a reliable used car for under $10k today. Yep, these tax cuts are for rich people who'll rake in far more.
You expect us to believe this stuff?
I, your constituent, do not trust anything you or Mnuchin say. You both have proved to be greedy, corrupt liars. Do your job! Represent US!
How much would it save YOU?  And Mr Cruz?  Let's have a townhall and maybe a debate with somebody who knows numbers?
paid for on the backs of the middle class
Will it pay for itself and its wife?
and Gary Cohn Says Americans Can 'Buy A New Car' With $1,000 Tax Cut.  Are you as out of touch with reality as they are?
He would say that. The ultimate spokesperson for the 1%. Thanks for enlightening us all, Senator.
Grandiose promises. Sounds like "You can keep your doctor."
Sen Cornyn: Mnuchin, like DJT, is a liar. This admin is full of liars & thieves. Pls find another source to quote.
In what world? I've had it with "alternative facts". There's no such thing. Here in Texas, we call them lies & those who say them are liars.
Narrator: It wouldn’t
DID YOU READ THE ARTICLE?  Seriously, you are a joke.  Basically, the conclusion of the article is Mnuchin living in a fantasy world.
Then why don't I believe the Trump admin, Sec Mnuchin or you? Average Americans will be stuck with the bill and tip.
Didn't for Bush
Seriously John, did you really tweet this? Apparently you are part of distorted reality then. This tax plan will hep no one but the rich.
what swamp were y'all draining again?
Like Price and this guy are more than paying for his plane rides and Mexico is paying?
Nonsense, of course.  We not going to fall for this line this time.
so we should believe a guy who's unapologetically fleecing the american taxpayer with private jets for getaways with his wife? WRONG!
When Cohn and others can't even guarantee the middle class taxes won't go up while the rich get big breaks, it's obviously your scamming!
This is a lie.
GOP thinks we're all as stupid as MAGAts. Trump is delusional. GOP complicit and trying to fuck over the rest of us. Cornyn, you're done.
proven time and time again that trickle down works. Rich get tax breaks and it trickles down to the pockets of politicians.

If facts and data don’t blend well with snake oil, then you try to make facts and data disappear. https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Tax cuts for the 1% would cut billions if not trillions. How recover from disasters fueled by climate change?
Amazes me I’m expected to manage my money and pay my bills but Govt has no budget for 9yrs & spends like teenager with daddy’s credit card.
Mnuchin isn't a source anyone should trust
How is it going to pay for itself when we are adding $1.5trillion in debt?
Pardon us ordinary folks for not believing him. Bless your heart.
We all know this guy is a liar amd theif. Cldn't take away healthcare so moving on to our income. Party b4 Country always,  huh Johnny.
Lies...no welfare for the wealthy
"...and you get a private jet....and YOU get a private jet...."
BULL!
Oh look, more swamp monsters free loading on the tax payer dime. And more silence and insction from you!
Trump interior chief took thousands of dollars in private flights at taxpayer expense: report http://hill.cm/0LoUdkQ  
So damn swampy.
A two-fer from Ryan Zinke: he charged taxpayers $12,375 for a flight on a private plane *owned by oil executives*: https://www.washingtonpost.com/investigations/2017/09/28/59533ed8-a4b8-11e7-ade1-76d061d56efa_story.html?utm_term=.b87410f16904 …
It's not really a "plan" so much a Hail Mary pass. And the economy isn't something you should take a gamble with.
There's a snake in my boot.
It was voodoo economics in the 80s and it's still voodoo economics today.
Lie
And if you won't believe this foreclosing liar who has written previously about how this doesn't work, guess you're not  Republican.
By "pay for itself" do you mean campaign contributions from the rich to Republicans?
This came out as a lie days ago john...
Cool. So who’s paying for his personal travel?
Coming from the guy who asked 4 a military plane for his honeymoon...I have a swamp or bridge 2 sell maj whip.
Townhall schedule?
Yes by stealing from middle class to pay for tax breaks for wealthy and corporations. Trickle down economics does not work. Fraud.
Off the backs of the working class, and Price is going to pay for his private jet travel himself
Heard that before on both sides usually BS.  Need to see some number breakdown and serious details, not just generalities.
Tax plan for the 1%. No one else gets squat. Same old trickle down lies
 yes cuz the 1% is going to share the 40% of the country's wealth they control with the rest of us.

Even National Review has abandoned the idea that tax cuts could magically pay for themselves http://www.nationalreview.com/article/451544/republican-trillion-dollar-tax-cut-irresponsible-anti-growth …

Amazing. GOP Rep flat-out admits they were only using deficits as a “talking point” against Obama.

https://nyti.ms/2fAx3fR  
Remember when they were all saying Trump was untouchable because he’s rich? Good one, right?
Proof that this admin will say or do anything to further enrich themselves
trickle down economics does not work. Reagan and Bush tax cuts led to spike in deficits. Facts. full stop.
Mnuchin is fake tax news
I think he means it would pay him. (You too, right? Too bad about is regular folks.)
“By Millionaires, For Millionaires “
Very good Secretary Meh..Min..Mu h...Mnnnn , aww forget it. Can't say that name.
When has that worked before?
Yet more lies from an administration that lies lies lies  no integrity shameful
Can you provide any evidence when tax cuts to rich corporations ever created job growth?

All the public data seems to show otherwise. 
You missed: Analysts and economists on both sides of the aisle, however, have disagreed over how much growth tax cuts are likely to generate
...and said there is no clear evidence that cuts generate enough growth to offset their costs.
Enjoy this study that @SenateMajLdr tried to have silenced because it refutes their basis for top tax cuts. 
http://www.dpcc.senate.gov/files/documents/CRSTaxesandtheEconomy%20Top%20Rates.pdf …
Didnt Kansas try this crap and resulted in a mear economic collapse?
Yes. It's also been tried federally many time, always resulting in the same thing, recession.
The GOP tried to sell us a healthcare plan that took away healthcare while telling us it didn't. The American people shouldn't trust you.
Don't you ever get tired of lying? We all saw what happened in Kansas.
Trumped up, trickle down? Last two tax cuts led to recession. Not convinced.
Oh like private military jets?  Thieves. That is what the republicans are.
Oh, John. Mnuchin thinks we're that stupid, but honestly, you fell for it?
Hahahaha. Right. And doesn’t help 1%.  Yep. Gotta a bridge to sell us too?
Not a bridge! A neato-keen WALL!
Says the rich guy that gets to be richer with this tax plan.
By pay for itself, does he mean our children and grandchildren will pay for it? What happened to fiscal conservatism?
I'm sorry, but just because Steven Mnuchin is Treasury Secretary doesn't mean he is qualified to speak.
When has a tax cut EVER generates economic growth?  
Mnuchin=DanAkroyd with Bass-o-Matic Tax Plan
Not seeing how this tax plan benefits anyone except the very wealthy.
results of Bush tax cuts -  exploding deficit, imploding economy- prove this as a lie.
And the whole trickle down crap from Reagan.
Hahaha riight says the guy who removed the peer reviewed study that contradicts his claims....
Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Please tell him and all the cabinet about Southwest Airlines. Walk them thru the reservations process so they see how it works.
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
For the wealthy
Pay the 1% and punish the 99%

We did the math: Trump could save more than $1 billion under his new tax plan http://nyti.ms/2xNZE8b 
Just think, John, reform in a revenue neutral manner w/o dynamic scoring, if SecTreas is right, we could have a surplus. A conservative idea
it would pay for it on the backs of the middle class @MSNBC @TxBlackDemocrat @TXLatinas @votolatino @HispanicCaucus
As he knows from the peer reviewed paper he took down.
Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Sure would love historical data showing that massive tax cuts for the wealthy pay for themselves and help the rest of us.

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
MNUCHIN is a liar
