"Trump’s rash departure from Paris agreement leaves farmers worse off" http://hill.cm/f2lRvbL  
Your statements define silliness. Now, back into Trump's pocket-it'll feel good for you to be back home
You seem ignorant.
How about a town hall in San Antonio?   Are you too scared?
I don't think there's anything silly about climate issues.
Climate change is real, polar bears are floating on ice flows , seas are rising , drought and in some areas flooding .
Calling something "silly" is not an intelligent response.  It makes you look like nothing more than a partisan hack. Oh, wait.
You are a fool. Your heirs will know that you left a fortune from your dirty corporate contributors but also left them a polluted earth.
Your strategists tell you that you can't win on your merits, so you're running against journalism instead?
what if you are wrong about this?
Trump made a huge mistake pulling out of the #Parisclimateaccord You know better, shame on you. Time for you to go
You denying it doesn't make true
What's truly silly is your continued lack of self respect and maturity. Stop ignoring Drumpf's stupidity and 8th grade behavior.
200,000+ farmers and ranchers would disagree with you - their livelihoods depend on addressing climate change.
Damn John. The National Farmers Union called you out and you're too chicken shit to respond. Typical GOP.....
Is this the "silliness" you refered to?? Cornyn rec'd $1,134,506.00 from coal, oil and gas interests. Put yourself first right Cornyn?
What's silly is having an imbecile in the White House.
That is a very ignorant comment. Are you publicly claiming to be a climate change denier?
Silly? It's silly that you are so scared of your constituency that you refuse to hold a Town Hall...check your agenda with your employers
We all know your in the pocket of fossil fuel. Keep your excuses handy you will need them for 45
@thehill You may be the worse senator in TX and your only competition is Cruz the antichrist. Well done sir, well done.
You are just repeating the Republican mantra , you know in your heart climate change is real.

Because everyone knows what farmers need are more regulations and top down mandates from beaurocrats with no farming experience.
Dismissing the National Farmers Union? I guess this is why you won't have a townhall. Actual Texas farmers might show up.
Coward....you are a coward Cornyn.
You call protecting our planet for our children "silliness"?
.@JohnCornyn Prove your point, if you have one. When you don't, it shows you have no ammo to use. @GOP is more silliness! See?
Yours is the 'silliness' since the US CANT leave the Paris accord until 2020!  You & POTUS make a scary pair of dolts!
How about meeting with your constituents to explain your views on climate change or are you too busy sucking up to your big donors?
Lies
This is how much money u received from oil and gas company senator Senator.  John Cornyn (R-Texas): $3,031,956.  We r not stupid.
How big was donation from big oil? Please sit down your killing your own grandchildren #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP
If by silliness you mean supporting a move that puts America on the same level as Syria.
Did you actually read the article? Does your veggie garden in your backyard make you an expert?
Doesn't sound silly to me but I don't have donors telling me what to think
John, it is only silliness to the Trump cult members.. Not silly to most of the world and to Syria and Nicaragua .
Your affection for 45 will be your undoing sir. You are part of the decline of our standing in the world and history will not be kind.
Whistling past the graveyard.
Thanks for your detailed analysis.
Are you referring to your tweets?
Sometimes I think you just read the comments to the articles and not the articles themselves.
@thehill Your constituents do not find Trump's actions silly at all. We are appalled and at you as well.
You are absolutely correct,  a lone political party is right, it's the world that has it wrong. That Senator is silliness.
If you had any sort of scientific or factual counter-argument you wouldn't have to resort to grade-school name calling.
@thehill is silly a lot I notice
Fellow Texans, your senator continues showing his contempt for you and your concerns. For him, it's more convenient to tweet than meet.
The silliness Sen. Cornyn is the abdication of leadership, the appearance is we just don't care about the world. My question is do you care?
A professional doesn't call scientific research 'silly'. Perhaps immature and irresponsible men with blind egos do. Show some integrity.
John, u do more ag than Roger?
So the Hill is only reputable if you agree with the anti-liberal opinion pieces?
Nice comment on your own constituents.....@txlege
Please
You know what would be extra silly? If the US lost a bunch of scientists to France!
Omg, it's contagious....our leaders can't stop tweeting lies.
The silliness is that it ACTUALLY leaves EVERYONE worse off.
...townhall?
Yes @JohnCornyn -- super silly! We'll be laughing all the way to the polls in 2020 to vote you out. Just us, your silly constituents.
#UrBadRhetoric
What is silly about facing the dangers of climate change? Maybe you can explain this at your next town hall meeting.
No, Senator. More reality. Your refusal to believe science is embarrassing.
Anyone who supports this appalling president deserves to be voted out of office asap.
@thehill WOW U are SAD! science is FACT - u fossil fuel funded excuse of a senator! History will remember these stupid tweets!
You're competing with Trump for King of sleaze, you're not in his league, yet. But you're getting closer.
Don't feel as though you have to support Trump just because he is a republican. The man is unhinged. How can y'all not see it?
Well gosh golly. My oil-loving Sen. calls this fancy pants science "silly," so it must be. What was I thinking believing science over you?
Silliness?  How do you farm with polluted or no water?
I'll believe farmers before I'll believe you. Environmental protection is good business, especially for farmers.
What can you expect from that liberal rag?
Tillerson-"we're better served by being at the table." Perry-renegotiation was better than,"Let's just walk away..."
Foresight is 2020. Watch out for the resistance, Senator.
Вы идиод.
Evidence? Or are you as fact free as Trump?
Well if you said it, it must be true. After all you've never been known to lie or blatantly ignore facts
???  Silliness on "whos" part?
Out of 50+ replies only 1-2 were in favor of your silliness.
Why is it silliness? BTW, when is the town hall? #chicken
Party over people. You're too scared to meet with constituents, so you snark on Twitter! Go get another check from big oil while you can!
How so?
There goes another reminder of Cornyn's loyalty pledge he gave to his party.  Remember, party over country every time.

We will be left out of the loop on this deal Big John. That's the point of this "silly" article
Try reading a report from a real scientist Senator
What's silly is a sitting senator, with no intention of listening to constituent concerns, using twitter to mock his own constituents.
More silly, snarky, non-substantive tweets from you #tRumpBootlicker
This is my refrain every time I read anything about the GOP
Texas resident here really pissed off at you guys not getting Obamacare repealed and replaced.  Get to work already.
One question for you Explain how.......
.Silly John. Between 2011-2016 you took in a disclosed $1,442,393 from Oil & Gas industry. How much did you get from dark money Super PACs?
You should probably lay off Twitter...using the term "silliness" is unbecoming and pathetic. Do some research on TrumpRussia.
@thehill - You're a little testy about this. Public blowback louder than you bargained for? #TurnTXBlue #GreenTX #ScienceIsReal
what about it is silly?
Blowhard
Silly! They won't be able to grow cops! Silly! Their crops will be underwater! Silly! Their crops will die in the heat! Silly!
How is this silly?  Have you talked to farmers and ranchers?  Have you spoken to true scientists, not right-wing pundits?
You're a terrible senator.
So sick of these liberals.
you don't get out much do ya? or read world news? or travel to other countries? Maybe talk to Neil DeGrasse Tyson, have him over for BBQ
The closest "The Hill" gets to farmers is playing Hay Day on their iPads.
Why don't you have a town hall so you can tell us what is so silly about this?
There's an absolute connection between environmental changes and agricultural decline.
Wish the R's would really tell what this really is all about. Its about control and taking our money. Such Bull!
The people who justify destructive policies don't tend to get statues in parks. Not that you care, but crass politics is not appealing.
The single most effective way for an individual to combat climate change is to go vegan! Put that on your fork and eat it! #govegan
Are you senile? You already retweeted this with the same caption...
You will go down on the wrong side of history Senator.
Cornyn rec'd $1,134,506.00 from coal, oil and gas interests. Put yourself first right Cornyn?
GET THIS TEXAS..SEE WHO OUR SENATOR REALLY WORKS FOR...HE IS A LOBBYIST IN SENATORS CLOTHING...
