Based on your performance yesterday it is clear that we cannot entrust this investigation to the Senate. We need a special select committee
Who will treat this investigation with the great seriousness it deserves. You did not as a single question related to this investigation.
It is crystal clear where your priorities are, and they are not with the investigation of Russian interference and collusion.
The investigation must leave your hands. And we'll see about you leaving the Senate in 2020. You disgraced us Texans yesterday.
You embrrassed your self yesterday .More worried about Trump than Flynn giving Putin our secrets and Russia hacking .But No shame
I'm embarrassed he is my senator. @tedcruz made Texas look foolish as well
Remember that when his term is up n get out the vote. Not enough Texans vote. If more voted, Texas gerrymandering wouldn't work.
Yep, ready for @DwayneStovall
The firing of the FBI director is serious. We deserve to know why. Release the tax returns.
A hostile nation may have compromised our democracy Senator.We need you to put partisan politics aside and find out what the hell happened.
As a constituent, I agree: They need to stop distracting, diverting attention away from the dumpster fire in the room in the room.
Right!  There is 400lb Gorilla ex KGB chief in the room for Christ Sake!
No, the American people need to know to what extent Trump is monetizing the presidency and colluding with corrupt oligarchs around the world
John, that makes no sense. Are you going to investigate Trump or what?
Go away
.@JohnCornyn The ties between the Trump campaign and Russia is a far more serious concern, and we need to know how and why it happened.
Na na na na. Hey. Hey. Hey GOODBYE
Nyet, that was unexplained to you. Listen next time. Russiagate is the MOST important issue. Think America not power for self. Patriotism!
Please explain to your constituents what "unmasking" means. You galavant through twitter like an episode of Scooby Doo.
COUNTRY over Party. I'll repeat. Country over Party.
Oh yes let that be the issue ...
I agree but not more serious than having a traitor in the WH. Where is your outrage on that? Why are u afraid to confront @realDonaldTrump
it's a shame you don't care as much about the people you claim to represent,  you know,  those taxpayers that pay your salary.
"Unmasking" is legal. Why retweet a misrepresentation of yesterday's evidence, sir? The Melting Pot is abt to boil over.
Are you and @tedcruz involved in the #TRUMPRUSSIA coverup? It looks like it. #SallyYates was excellent. She should be in congress
Did you ask this same question when the DNC was hacked?
"Unmasked" people mad because they've been found committing treason. FOH
@GOP LIKE YOU SHAMELESSLY CHOOSING PARTY B4 COUNTRY; RUNNING INTERFERENCE FOR @TRUMP; #MISPRISION OF TREASON?
You suck, Cornyn.
Ashamed your represent my state. Trying to paint Sally Yates with a partisan brush when you were being nothing but partisan.
You are totally ignoring your duty to your constituents and your country. How can you continue to defend this admin? #wrongsideofhistory
How many Russians did you talk to sir?
No! We need to get to the bottom of #russiagate. Stop obfuscating!
You sicken me. How can sleep knowing you sold your soul to Donald Effing Trump. You and Teddy boy embody everything wrong with Washington.
You showed your blind allegiance yesterday.  This house of cards is coming down and taking all of you with it!
Yesterday showed me and many others that the GOP is  all with Putin..and Trump .Sold out your country for power and money
Not all g.o.p are with Russia.  Lindsey graham, John McCain & even the turtle Mitch McConnell say Russia poses a threat to democracy
ask me what my name is.  you can start with me John.
Since when have you really cared? You're one of the biggest big govt RINOS ever. #fail #RINO
No we need to know why it took 18 days to fire Mike Flynn.
Were it not for Frustrated+Courageous Souls bringing USVoters into the light - as "GangOf8" didNOT - USAvoters would be Deaf+Blind  @AP @CNN
Said the editorial page that is Trump's mouthpiece! Some of us read MANY newspapers, Cornyn. Underestimate your constits at your own peril!
I wish senator Cornyn cared about Russian involvement in US elections.  Does he have Russian ties?
How about you focus on the meddling in our country by a foreign power. Is winning more important than security?
Are you worried, Senator?  I look forward to the current investigation and grand jury indictments. Something tells me you are involved, too.
Not as important as Russia's attack on US Democracy
get your house in order, GOP's new nixon is on a tear again
Comey was fired for investigating Trump/Russia. As your constituent, I demand you begin impeachment proceedings now.
Can't wait to stay goodbye in 2018. You, sir, are pathetic.
@tedcruz We need a real, independent prosecutor who @realDonaldTrump can't fire, Sessions can't intimidate,&Congress can't muzzle.
If this Comey news does not convince the senate and house to stop worrying about the "leaks" nothing will.  #FBIDirector
The request is made BEFORE their identity is known and must be approved by collecting org. #trumpRussia is real story!!!
How long can you stand by while our democracy is in such danger from its unprincipled leader? Please stand  up for what is right.
Stop. Nobody thinks you're interested in anything but partisan warfare.
What about the collusion of the Trump campaign with the Russians to hack the 2016 election? No interest?
Forget the names of the names, we want @DonaldTrump taxes and we want to know his Russian involvement!
John you are supporting and encouraging a coup. Get it together. Why do you hate Americans and love the fascist in the WH?
That's bullshit and you know it. It's not about the damn leakers it's about the info! I'm more fucking concerned about that than who leaked!
We need to know if Flynn committed treason. Keep your eye on the REAL issue
Let's also add the reveal to the press of the name, the story and who knows what else.
I want an independent investigation into Ties between Russia and Trump and associates. #russiagate
Know what else is a serious concern? Trump's ties to Russia.
I am very tired of your/GOP gorilla dust. Focus on getting the facts on Trump & Russia.
You were an embarrassment to our state and country yesterday with Sally Yates. You should be ashamed of your "performance", it was horrible.
Trump did it investigate him.  What about Russia?  Any concerns there?
And the American ppl need to know if Russia has blackmail and deep financial ties to our president.
Are you serious? That's what you got out of that hearing? Really? #deflection
Leakers need to face a consequence or there will be NO incentive to stop future leaks!
me thinks you are the partisan litigator of which @tedcruz spoke
The REAL problem is why you think this is more important than Flynn's actions!
Your desperate dog whistle here (implying Susan Rice did something wrong, which she did not) just confirms you role in Trump's cover up.
Why this this a bigger priority than the actual substance of the accusations of treason against Trump & cronies?
We need to know why you are still in office?
#unmaskTAXRETURNSofpotus #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE
The only concern is for the guilty, being found out!
You and Ted Cruz looked like fools at the hearings yesterday. Yates put both of you on your place .I live in your district.
The unmasking is a false flag controversy. Stick to the point. #RussiansHackedOurElections
Maybe it's time to ask Pence how that info got out.
Give it its own investigation later. This was about Russia, you foolish hack.  You showed your stupidity and ignorance.
You are an utterly incompetent hack, and Sally Yates justly cleaned your clock in that line of questioning yesterday.
We sure do, John. And if the reasons are "evidence of collusion with a hostile foreign power", are you going to accept it?
Because there still some patriots! Let talk about Russia
Since you were trying to "get" Yates, not getting to the truth of Flynn, indep investigation is a MUST. You can't do your job w/o bias.
How about looking into the Russian links that threaten or nation and our allies, then circle back to your political agenda
It was Bannon, and you and the WSJ will lose interest in doing something about it once that comes out.
I'd rather know why U R complicit & supporting a known treasonous man yet can't wait to kick out every undocumented person in TX
It happened because patriots are trying to reveal the President's crimes in the face of Republican partisan obstruction.
I agree. Why don't you & Cruz & the other misfit toys deal with this & we get a special investigator for Russian meddling in the election.
You were owned by #sallyyates who has more integrity and patriotism in her pinky toe than in your entire being + your crony @tedcruz.
And Russian interference in our election and the fact Trump has many people working for him that may be in collusion with Russia isn't?
how many times did you meet with the Russians?
You are dense. Yes - but more importantly our nation is under attack and YOU aren't concerned at all about that you useless partisan hack.
As a diversion from the Russian Treason. I told you, John, you are putting your own neck in the noose by delaying prosecution.
Shame on You!  Listen to director Clapper.
Preserving our democracy is what U s/b primarily focused on.  The bigger problem is treason at our govt's highest levels. Subvert=Complicit
Your effort to make Yates look partisan only made you look uninformed and partisan. Country before party!
We know how and why. Maybe if you had stayed in the hearing you would also know. Flynn discussing sanctions with Kislyak, unauthorized
Doesn't treason bother you at all, Senator?!  Shameful.
Collusion with Russia is a paramount concern and Americans deserve an independent investigation.
Lead, follow the law, or we will vote you out. All you did was deflect and obsfucate yesterday.  Where were your ?? About Russia?
More importantly is the need to know that @realDonaldTrump has not been compromised by Putin
Live in dallas..still looking 4 a representative that puts truth and justice above politics. Yesterday epic fail
The American people need to know if our President is a traitor to our democracy or if he just lied to us to get elected. Drain the swamp!
What does Russia have on you ? We all heard the the GOP was hacked also..but they sat on the info. Yesterday was very telling. #RussiaGOP
#AnswerThePhone, Feckless John. Stop hiding from constituents. #TownHall #Impeach45 #TheResistance
The American people need to know what's in trumps taxes and the documents on Flynn trump wont release
We are thankful for it ! Flynn would still be in if it wasn't for the WP .You showed who u work for yesterday.
We want to k ow about Russia!  Stop trying to divert attention away from it!
Ppl affiliated with Russia in the White House is also a serious concern.Yet U used zero of your time at hearing asking about it.#hypocrisy
The unmasking is not that serious when you are talking to the enemy however you being unpatriotic is a serious concern
The how: like what the WH did for Nunes. The why: cause people in the Trump organization are messing with America-see FBI investigation.
https://twitter.com/TrueFactsStated/status/861463418120884224 … Is this what you are afraid of Senator?
Bad news for Team Trump-and Paul Ryan. Amb Kisylak is....loquacious. He liked to chat people up. Make deals. And every word was recorded.
#RussiaGOP 
@GOP @Cabinet @VP @POTUS @USAGSessions INVITED RUSSIAN SPIES N2 2016 ELECTION. PRE-MEDITATED TREASON. 
#trumprussia #trumpgang
Russian influence in election, and ties with the Trump campaign, are serious concerns. American people want to know how & why, and action.
You seem more concerned with how we found out about Flynn than Flynn's treasonous behavior. Get your priorities straight!
30,000 Americans Unmask by OBAMA ! 6000 Unmask names circulated!
I'm your constituent and I am so disappointed that you do not share my concern for Russian interference the American political system! Shame
Shameful treatment of USDAG Yates, an outstanding intellect and patriot. You thoroughly embarrassed yourself with your petty accusations.
Your avoidance of the Trump-Russia issue is unacceptable: Texas deserves better representation!
We know why Sen Cornyn. These people were plotting against  USA & being  protected by Trump &   some members of  the GOP
de orztz zrdzbove the law
TREASON is a serious issue too. Flynn needs to be buried under Leavenworth and you finally need to be unseated for supporting a traitor.
And please stop covering for Trump. We deserve answers about Russian collusion. You are looking guilty by association.
Yeah @JohnCornyn @TeamCornyn @tedcruz @SenTedCruz made #texas look bad yesterday. Shamed the state. #TrumpRussia #Russiagate #Flynnghazi
Unmasking is a legal process, as Mr. Clapper explained. Were you not paying attention?
Interference in US elections by a foreign entity is far more agrevious
I am disgusted by your continued attempt to attack someone for doing her job in order to promote your political agenda.
Are you throwing a tantrum because Sally Yates made you look silly yesterday?
Respectfully Sir, someone is protecting whoever leaked, so will we ever truly know, or as the Feds typically say, need 2 know, public not
Let me fix that for you. 
American people: The fact that Russia interfered in our election (and will do it again) is a serious concern.
How much did Russia put in your offshore account?
Fortunately the unmasking or leak of FLYNN prevented a Foreign Agent from heading NATSEC?  Would you disagree?
You and Cruz did a great job of underscoring why we need an indipendent nonpartisan commission to investigate this Russia stuff.
Appointing a Russian spy to be our national security advisor is a more serious concern, IMHO.
Spies need to be unmasked. And hung
Like 45 calling them enemies, not opponents?
It's a serious concern that you're trying to insult a witness over her wrongful termination that has nothing to do with the subject.
Having you as our senator is a serious concern.  The Texan people need to know how and why that happened and never let it happen again.

Why did you and Cruz leave the hearing before it was over??  Couldn't take the heat from Yates??
I loved how Sally Yates stood up to you and Cruz!  She's awesome!
What about Chaffetz leaking the fbi memo to the press about Huma Abedins laptop? Where's the outrage for that leak!???
You clearly miss the point John.  Your continuous attempts at distraction and coverup for treason will stain what legacy you have left.
He was unmasked because he was colluding with fucking Russia!!! He's a traitor!!
But WHY they were unmasked is the more serious question.  What were they all doing working with Russians?  We need to know what's going on!
Your personal agenda seems to be in direct conflict with the task the committee was set up to do. #IndependentInvestigation #stepdown
John, your conduct at the Yates hearing was BLATANT OBSTRUCTION. Look in the mirror, ask yourself, what would a Patriot do? #trumprussia
It happened to keep America Great!!
It happened because Michael Flynn lied.
This would be hysterically funny if it weren't so hypocritical.  #YouWorkForUs
It happened to keep politicians like you in check.
Your reminder that U voted for her confirmation sounded like a veiled threat shaming as a true patriot to the USA she did her job. #UNLAWUL
It happened to protect American Democracy you twit!!
Again, they r only unmasked after serious eval, then & only then, does the info go 2 person requesting! The witch hunt here is from @GOP
Report: Ignoring Trump's possible treasonous collusion with a hostile foreign government, Senator prefers focusing on actions of black lady.
Seriously, she was National Security Advisor, and you think finding out the names of people conspiring against the US is a problem?
John, she is not a Dem hack.  She was hired by Bob Barr.  Last time I checked, Bob Barr was a REPUBLICAN from GEORGIA!
the unmasking of my name, Erwin Mazariegos, is a serious concern.America needs to know why I’m GOP political opponent:patriotism
What's imp...knowing flynn is compromised by russians, or leaking that he is a traitor? Hmmm which one is more dangerous to American lives?
You didn't seem interested in that yesterday when you had the opportunity to ask questions about it.
It's not as serious as collusion with Russia. We don't care about unmasking, we care about a president beholden to Putin. #Trumprussia
You shouldn't worry about leaks if you are telling the truth!
They unmasked flynn because he was speaking to russians about sanctions and I am sure much more!  Why is there a need to hide so much?
And your a liar.  Based on #SallyYates and #JamesClapper there was no evidence to support that!  They unmask names for national security.
No more than the hook the Russian have in on our President
What has trump promised you?  Is it more imp. than taking care of the American people?  I am voting you out, you can not be trusted!
Ha! No, unmasking names is a legal process.  I need to know why you are not focusing on the real issue!
Pathetic- even for you.  The only reason you'd throw in your 1/2 cent on this is you're compromised.
It's called whistle blowing. Why did @realDonaldTrump hire and keep a man known to be compromised by Russia? Why the lack of concern? #hack
What's more serious is knowingly appointing a potentially treasonous individual to the position of NSA.
No it's not. It sounds as if it was completely normal. How about investigating why trump hired a foreign agent? Where was vetting process?
Obviously we need an independent investigation. GOP is on the wrong side this time and keep pointing at shiny objects. Pathetic.
Bless your heart. This makes you appear desperate, sir. We need an independent investigation, clearly.
Why did you totally dismiss Trump and staff lying about Flynn? That is the serious concern. We can't trust the pres. and we can't trust you.
Unmasking is a normal legal and routine process of Intel interpretation. What is of more concern is the actual traitors who were exposed.
Sure, AFTER we solve the Russian election interference problem!  Focus!
See Sally Yates. See @JohnCornyn. Embarrassing for you pal. All shaky, treasonous and misogynistic. Her taking you down was awesome.
There is a lot we need to lnow. And zero confidence in you. Your concern is focused in the wrong direction. Clearly on display yesterday.
You protest too much.  Hmm
If you recall Sen, Obama decided not to let ANY of possible collusion info be released to public until after Election. That was a mistake!
Yesterday, the entire committee agreed "this must never happen again."  Half meant "gettin' hacked", other half meant "gettin' caught." TP
So when you find those that acted illegally....put them in prison.  We are tired just talk!
A SERIOUS concern is how many GOP compromised by Russians. #treason
