Nurses deserve the same  respect and reverence given to Police and Fire!!
@nicoleklemme
Can we volunteer if we are out of state? Florida is not a compact state
Me too. I know u can't do paid work. I am emailing and will c. Maybe why it is for volunteers so out of state RNs can work?
Great gov, great job !!! God bless you !!
@Dtomlian33
@DanaPerino Great job on @TheFive tonight...as always! Prayers you, Peter, & Jasper have a nice weekend...God bless! 
 #TheFive 
, I am a nurse, how can I help , what do I need to do?
This tweet should have said if you want to be a decent human being and help out please email...
We can barely cover all the open shifts in our hospitals many want to but we can't leave our jobs and our patients here.
I just emailed. I want no money-it's called being a Christian and a RN
Ohhh the temptation!!
I think in my area ALL the nurses worth their salt are already WORKING preplanned DOUBLE shifts.  Check W/ local hospitals.
I think this is y nurses eat their young.Arrogant comment.But hey us PRN CC ED TNCC ACLS can CHOSE TO LEAVE FOR OUR FAMILIES 
they can hit me up summer 2019
If u pay for my airfare...
I will volunteer if I can get to Florida but no flights to get there. I am a nurse and will do it for free...
Get that embezzled money from the Red Cross to pay those nurses.
Pay these Nurses Rick!
Hello I'm An LPN From Illinois, I Want To Assist
@TheRickWilson can you amplify?
I am anti the Republican party, but I have 2 say, you have shown commitment & care to the citizens of Florida. I want to commend u 4 caring!
Thank you Gov Scott for all that you're doing in preparedness for the people of Florida.  We're going to need it.
I'm a nurse but i live in Brazil but if you need me to go help
Next emergency, could you get the military to use their cargo planes to evacuate people out of state?
,I'm all available but I'm in Nigeria!
I wonder if you'll be donating your salary? I wonder if you'll be checking to see if the nurses who volunteer benefit from #DACA?
How would they get there?
Sent along with resume
A lot of nurses are going to be working at hospitals and shelters away from their families...they never get enough respect.
RN from NL, Canada. Willing to come down to help you guys out!! Emails sent, God Bless you all!!!!
GovScott please Volunteer!
I don't understand why they wouldn't get crisis pay...

Do we need to have a Florida license?
Plenty of us canadian nurses would help if you let us
Most important fact here is nurses for SPECIAL NEEDS human beings. Nurses can do for them more than anybody. Not a bad thing to ask for them
Wish I was in any shape to come help. Stay safe.
How about "calling all scientists, I need you to help get my head out from my ass when it comes to climate change"
I'm an RN at @MayoClinic in MN. Have you reached out to orgs for nurses? Ryan @rjahoover
job growth
Answered Survey Monkey survey sent by the state.  Haven't received any information.  Willing to volunteer but need information
Many nurses can't afford to leave the job they have to volunteer. There is also a nursing shortage and that does not help.
Dawn Curry Ignagni they need you. I'll join you and help deal with the pets.
I live(d) in the Keys. We are there for our community, and our community is there for us.
Shits gonna get real, fast!!!!

#Trumpland #ChickenHawk

If any Hispanic or Muslim first responders turn up?

Or, only those like Nurse Rachett?

#TrumpRICO
Can't volunteer, already forced to be locked down at my hospital. Thanks anyway
Hey Scotty, while you're at it, why not admit that climate change exists and that it's caused by mam?
Mam? My grandmother is causing climate change? 
I know of a kind nurse, works hospice, 3 kids in college, been here 25 yrs, probably would've helped but she was deported a few weeks ago...
How did she get a license and pass a background check if she is here illegally? Who would hire her without an SS#? 
In California we have laws that allow us to treat humans as humans.
She still would have had to get licensure, schooling, and then get hired without an SS#. I called BS on this story (as most nurses do)
Believe whatever you want, facts are facts
I would work for you but you have to sign a sworn statement that you understand what CO2 ppm is.
not today voldemort
You really wanna help Florida, ricky?
Resign.
2 all past & u gov. Scott according 2 those who live in 1/2 of Fl. flooding happens even when just d tide goes up Don't sell land in a swamp
Did he actually use the word volunteer,I am so sick of these GOP governors.
Most of the nurses I know need their pay to live. We have bills and kids. Getting paid doesn't mean we have no compassion!
Talk to your buddy 
https://www.google.com/amp/amp.usatoday.com/story/96999464/ …
R.N.'s are usually  only licensed in the state we work and live. Then again, there is probably some disaster protocol.
But there are compact states for recognition of each others licenses in the compact. Makes it much easier.
If I could I would!
Want gov't help now?
Stop with the socialism. The private sector will handle it.
Would love to be able to help, but the other nurses would be taking care of Sheila snd me.
Governor Scott - what do you think of climate change now?
With that great JBJ catch its dirty water in Boston!
Can any nurses help at all online from a distance? Something to consider.
I will be volunteering my time after the storm and dealing with some potential issues! I'm a nurse over in St Pete please send more info!!
Where is the HUMANITY in these comments????
Nurses don't need no humanity, no money either, I guess. Is Scott working for nothing?
#Nursesareneeded You would have more nurses if you didn't cut out all the nursing jobs at DOH.
Why ppl here yacking about nurses to volunteer with out pay. Why dp you first find out the details before you make your speculation?
I'm a nurse, where do I sign up?
Texas offered $52 an hour and accommodations and travel paid for emergency nurses.
They needed the call...there are about 2,500 nurses down there now. Stay safe everyone.
Heeded  not needed.
I'm a Nurse & I'll volunteer for places who can't afford 2 pay - FL is not 1 of those places.
Btw there is no nursing oath to work for free. So stop saying that!
But what if some Hernando County female deputy tries to arrest an ER RN
You are doing a fantastic job with this storm Governor. Wish we had you here in NY.
I'm a Co RN, I'm available but without means to get there.  I've replied to the email.
RN, ready to volunteer any time from now!
No we have more than enough of those idiots in this world.
Im a CNA  sometimes i wish i had my RN
Nurses & docs shouldn't be working for free. Crisis or not
Sir, doing a great job during #Irma but with all due respect, that email address could be much simpler.
how about having people bussed from one shelter to another to make the most of the space you have?
Nurses have special hearts -An inordinate number of my friends are nurses-wonder what that says about me? I must like those who give a darn.
Sir--If a Registered Nurse has an unencumbered license in another state--will Florida waive the need for a FL license?
They'll waive it due to emergency.
I was just thinking the same thing.
PUEDEN SER ERFERMEROS DE CUALQUIER PARTE DEL MUNDO?
SOY AYUDANTE DE ENFERMERIA VIVO EN ALEMANIA Y ESTOY LISTA EN CUALQUIER MOMENTO QUE ME NECESITEN PARA IR AYUDAR Y APOYARLOS.
i'd like to know where you're helping out Rick!??
still deny #climatechange #ClimateFacts ???
Give it a rest. Now is not the time. Many lives are in danger. Let's stay on track
Calling all volunteers in Florida!!!!
He wants volunteer nurses to work in special needs shelters? God bless those that do it but no way I'd put my license on the line free!
I sent an email, I can start driving Monday from PA.
REALLY??? You are a bot/troll.
James Woods is already on it. Not to worry. He'll get er done.
I'm a 27 years exp RN in Seattle and Forida is my home state. Is a temp Fla license for the special needs shelter possible?
Prayers With #Florida .. It's Beautiful Cosmopolitan State .. Dn't Panic,Evacuate & Then Wait @marcorubio @realDonaldTrump #Irma
If you'll acknowledge Miami isn't the only concern, mandate Charlotte co. Open Neil Armstrong elementary it's the strongest school here
Email sent.
The #Governor doesn't need to Plea for #Volunteer #Nurses at this point!He should assess Reality after #Irma.FLA has Very Good #Medical Help
I'm in CA, would love to help but would hope for stipend to pay my 3,000 mile flight?  @FLgovScott
So where's the millions of donations  are?
@FLGovScott Thank you for doing an amazing job being at least a 5th gen Fla seen a few storms.Very impressed great job. God bless, Be safe
THATS SOCIALISM! USE CAPITALISM AND LET THEM CHARGE YOU $100/HR FOR THE TIME.
Calling all GOP POLS: FL and all other states need volunteer politicians to admit climate change is real and mostly human-caused.
You know, I get why people want to be paid, but as a man with family in florida bracing for irma, I cannot believe money comes over people.
People are trying to stand up for nurses.

With family in danger why aren't you concerned about poor planning by @FLGovScott ?
I am an RN from MICHIGAN. What can I do to help ?
bless you
The U.S. virgin islands really needs volunteers I hear.
pay them you cheap dork
you made a billion dollars ripping off medicare. pay the fuckin nurses
Why can't you pay the nurses for their work?
Will police and other emergency workers also be expected to work for no pay?
He asked for volunteers. Volunteers. He isn't forcing nurses to work for no pay. Jesus
Pay that clown no mind
Now that you mention it Rick Scott is almost as big a clown as Trump and both just as corrupt.
Registered Nurse in Texas & would be happy to assist if needed.  There is nothing wrong with volunteering your time and skills.
Time of need please respond
Really?Now you beg & call for emergency nurses..Sorry, Guv, but your state elected a climate change denier. Hope they impeach & indict you!
Nothing like making the email address so easy to remember #Irma
OMG
Always the nurses who show up help and get little respect from MD's after. Good luck!
What's a "special needs "shelter...a separate one...why?
How about you pay those nurses?  @FLGovScott @POTUS
@pmmillerr
Ha ha ha ha ha yes this is the one
Are you going to force people to do drug testing from your wife's company before giving FEMA Assistance??
Women are always expected to volunteer. Men do not want to take care of cleaning all the nursing home patients that are piled into shelters
Assumes all nurses are women...
Will you take Medical Assistants, who have worked alongside Nurses doing their exact same duties for years?
@benshapiro , just accept that we have a nation full of pussies, and your approach isn't working. Figure out what does...
We are willing to send nurses! We'll send an email soon.
Maybe pay my 75% increase in health ins costs.  Thanks Obama and Rinos. 
Governor Scott you're doing a great job for us.
Awesome
As much as I would love to work for free, it's logistically and financially impossible when you have a disabled wife and 2 kids.  Am RN.
Totally get it! Thanks for wanting to help.
A crisis either brings out the best or worst in us. Thanks to volunteers.
I have one year nursing training and I am a top vascular ultrasound tech. Need any of those?
@CourtDollaSign
Wait r u a republican governor?
@irisbreeze Can Florida really not pay the trained medical professionals it needs?
Gov RIck Scott amazing leader!
God Bless you!
I hope many will join :-)
Florida needs help!!! Please
@anissaanicole
Maybe look at the nursing students to help from local colleges and give them credits for helping
this ASL interpreter is the best you have had! thank u
NYS nurses sign up for this "volunteer" service to serve their communities during times of disaster/need!
It is an honor & what nurses do!
Remember Gov Scott a GOP republiKLAN wants smaller gov, now need help,, oh the hypocrisy!
Not that it matters to some people, but thousands of police officers in TX took vacation time to go help with Harvey relief effort 4 free.
My fellow Americans, ask not what not yr country can do for u but what u can do for yr country-JFK  #maga
I'm a nurse who would love to help but I don't have enough PTO, or money for travel and accommodations. Mixed emotions.
A true leader would go out to the predicted landfall, stare that liberal-ass hurricane down and shout into it "climate change is not real!"
Are you accepting nurses from Canada????
This is not an email address BPRCHDPreparedness@ http://flhealth.gov 
We Tried 2 help. U might want 2 contact Desiree Matel-Anderson who does amaz'g things & has every level of expertise. #trafficrestrict'ns
I also have RN friends stuck there working who had no choice. Hopefully they're well compensated for their sacrifice. Don't bash nurses.
But @realDonaldTrump said he had it all covered?  fail.
We hear there are plenty of #DACA nurses but . . .
you seek help the day before a catastrophe? what the fuck is the matter with republicans?
Look guys. There will be a lot more to pay for than nurses in this disaster. If nurses want volunteer, just show gratitude.
If only Florida's leadership were competent enough to anticipate the possibility of a hurricane, and budget according.
Florida turns to socialism? What happened to: Let the free market decide, of yeah #socialismworks
What are the requirements? I retired from nursing 5 yrs ago & my license is inactive, but if it's just custodial care I can help
Good luck down there governor. Prayers to all Floridians from Michigan.
I'm registered & ready. When you don't know what else to do, you help your neighbor...
@LANURSE1  I want to go
Email address is not valid @FLGovScott
He's not going to demand a drug test before folks get FEMA relief, right?
I am a nurse and I sent an email. Will wait to hear back. My license needs to be recognized in their state. Praying.
Pay your nurses
Really?  Providing transport, food, and housing?  Not in the shelter
You've never volunteered during a natural disaster, have you?
Me?  Lots. Hurricanes  Katrina, Wilma, Gilbert, EQ in Haiti, Matthew in Haiti....
Ok. Then you know the first ask doesn't always get specific. It's a call to action. Your "Really?" seemed to expect a full offer via tweet.
I'm insulted in the way he is requesting professionals. He is not putting a random call out for firefighters, Paramedics, etc, largely male
Ok. The gender thing did not even come to mind for me. I saw a simple request for volunteers in an emergency. Sorry.
For Doctor's that can help
I have a friend who is an RN. She is in the hospital has to stay there until Monday pm.Had to bring her own bedding and food ?WTF?
i am trained in crisis intervention and can assist.  Thank you Sir, you are doing a great job!
You are a God-send 
Dana the louisiana Cajun Navy need an interview. They did not stop at rescue they are handing out supply now and need more for Florida.
free nurses better than paid nurses.
I'm sure you meant to say that nurses who volunteer their service are better than nurses who expect payment for their sacrifice.
No, If that's what you want to think the RW bot said.. ok
If churches in Texas want to be paid (3 churches are suing for federal money), why not nurses in Florida?
Which churches? I tried to Google but didn't find anything
All volunteers should get PAID! That's why there's disaster relief funds (MONEY) @POTUS #Florida  #IrmaHurricane2017 #HurricanIrma
Im an RN from NJ. Sent an email but waiting for details
Thank you!
A Texan sending love and prayers to you and your state.  Keep up the great job.
@Aysiahxoxo
CALLING ALL LEADERS: We need a Governor who knows what the Hell they are doing...
nurses, unlike pundits, can actually do something
If I was financially able to come down, I would volunteer in a heartbeat. Im a LPN in VA & my heart breaks not being able to do anything. 
I became a nurse because I care about other people
Someone should loot his mansion.
Why should they give their time for free? Tax a millionaire, pay a nurse for God's sake.
Done.
