Some of us are pushing hard to get you out of the White House.
Seriously? You've not done the 1st thing right yet. You are ignorant, if you were a true patriot you'd step down now b4 u ruin America.
MUST,GET,IT,RIGHT

BECAUSE,SO,FAR

AM,GETTING,IT,ALL,WRONG

SOMEBODY,PLEASE,HELP,ME

CAN'T,HELP,MYSELF

SUGARPIE,HONEYBUNCH

I'M,A,MESS  sad
May the Lord help all of you to see how desperately we Americans are for tax reform and infrastructure spending. Voters want both now!
Will this  new Healthcare affect Medicare? P S You are doing a great job!!
Yes. It will reduce your benefits and make your premiums for secondary coverage increase particularly if have PX cond.
#lockyouup #collusion #treason #wheresjared?
Why do you feel the need to act like a news station? That's what we have CNN for.
Cut income taxes to 0% and forget about healthcare. Then you'll truly be following The Constitution, sir.
Haha
And they are going to tell you that it's DOA....and impeachment is looming.  Have fun.  #ComeyWeek
 My fav cartoon character
SINCE IM NOT ON WELBAMACARE, MEDICAL MUTUAL AND CVS CAREMARK DENY MY CLAIMS AND CHARGE ME DOUBLE FOR THE ONES THEY DO!
Kick their ass Mr. President, or the healthcare bill and tax reform will not get done this year. Would be disastrous! 
Dont try to kid us , you been playing golf for that last 100 days .
Tell those republicans to shit or get off the pot
You mean we must continue to sabotage Obamacare in order to fulfill our grand plan of crippling healthcare for millions of Americans!
Yes... keep it up Mr. President
Then maybe you shouldn't be in the meeting...
Get em Boss !!
blah blah blah ... Thursday 10am ... #ComeyDay
My talk & do President, Great!
I call bullshit.
Yo momma gave birth to bs when she had you.
Thank you Mr. President for working so hard for us. Please know you are loved, prayed for and tremendously appreciated!
The only arrest made has been an American telling us the truth. What in the actual fuck?!  
30 day you said you would take care of isis
Great. You should clean house and get rid of all Obama era appointees immediately. How many more Reality Winner types? #draintheswamp
Is mike pence going to attend? He is going to be president very shortly. He needs to know.
Why don't you go golfing again? I like it better when you're doing that instead of fucking America
sometimes it's not about PUSHING HARD to reach the goal, it's about time, mutual respect and knowing the wants of the other party. think sex
U have no idea about what's cutable and what's good for the American people, who voted for U. None!
Get the rule changed to 51, and get it all done! @SenateMajLdr #CARPEDIEM51
Just a reminder - your plan will take away health care from millions of people. The opposite of what you promised. Take *away*, ie less.
It will make healthcare more accessible to more people by getting government OUT Force companies to compete again Econ 101 repeal #obamacare
Just a reminder, trickle down doesn't work!
You haven't got Healthcare or Tax reform right since you have been in office. Because you don't care and just push whatever.
If you could check your sensitivity at the door and have people on your staff you oppose you...you might have some success. Some.
But right now...your approval rating is lower than eating spoonfuls of Miracle Whip.
Annoyingly it's gone up 1 percentage point. Yesterday he was on 36%
It would be fascinating to Trump's approval ratings around the world. Obama's ratings were through the roof.
You don't know the first thing about healthcare, they're going to have to explain it to you. I wish I was kidding.
Always complaining about deductibles and premiums as if you've had to worry about either in your life. You don't understand issues.
You also tweet falsehoods about healthcare to your own constituents. You're lying to your own people about their healthcare.
ACA was not perfect but it was light-years ahead of anything you can or will come up with.
Cause you've gotten so much else wrong?
Don't cry Erich,  you only have seven and a half years left.
I'm betting he can't make seven and half months. He will declare America Great and file bankruptcy.
Liberals prediction was never right. Dont bother.
More a wish then?
Sure. I do respect your right to make wishes. Lol
you my friend, are an idiot.
dad?







Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare. We are all pushing hard - must get it r...
Please make them stay through the summer, if needed, to get this done. They had years, we want this Done, Now!!
You forgot to finish your sentence (again). You meant to say Tax cuts for the 1% and Healthcare cuts for 23 million people #sad
JBC- obamacare $2500 savings? LOL I live in AZ, how high did my premiums go up this year? 116% Deductible is $6K #sad Not laughing
So let's fix it. What the GOP proposed is a dog's breakfast. No women at the table! It needs to be a bipartisan effort and inclusive.
4,000 pages of legislation & 20,000+ pages of regulation where do you suggest we start? All you have are phony (D) talking points.
That being said, they had how many years did they have to develop something and what they came up with was garbage.
Compared to obamacare, I don't think so. They were definitely not planning on victory nor do (R) act as if they WON and are the majority.
The rose garden party?  We need everyone to work for the good of the people, not their party. Opportunity to lead here...
It's a noble statement, but that's not how (D) govern when they are in power. (D) haven't acted in a noble manner since Nov.
think you might get around to filling the vacancies only you can fill? I mean there are only 1100 of them #MAGA
Maybe if you guys didn't block all his nominees...
you know that actually didn't happen right? Because you know they don't have enough votes to block? @realDonaldTrump
you don't need to have majority in the senate to block a nomination. Republicans have the edge by 2 votes, 3 counting Pence.
I have no idea what you are saying here.
It's not that hard for the Democrats to block legislation when they are barely in the minority. Moderates are a thing.
really? Because our Senator said no  That night @realDonaldTrump put out $7 m in ads against him& they told him he'd be primaried
They need to get these things done asap or they lose their jobs to true conservatives #impeachmccain #impeachgraham draintheswamp we MEAN IT
Nothing will happen this year. You FAILED. But, since you cheated, who cares? #enjoythehearings
Want to get something right ,,, get out of my White  House and let Mickey Mouse be president ,, at least he is not an embarrassment
You are Russia's puppet you want their money,all your gangs  wants something from Russia you are a thug. Resign
Getting it right for the people not for insurance co or the rich! Don't forget what you promised!
Then leave the office you are desecrating!
WAY TO GO MR PRESIDENT!!!
Just wish that Schumer and his band of unmerry men would work with you for once.
Gee. Haven't we heard this optimistic talk before just before Trump's massive failures?
Delete your account!
Please resign so we "can get t right"
We are gonna stand up for our rights!"
(Bob Marley and the Wailers )
#RESIST
#COMEYDAY
#IMPEACHTRUMP
But so unprofessional and embarrassing. A real leader would not feel the need for censorship
 Stand for what you believe allow others same
insurer leaving the #aca in Ohio is leaving because of you not guaranteeing subsidies. You. #ahca #TrumpCare #healthcare
Every thing will happen and NOT TO WORRY Mr. President. You and your team are doing one great job and America Loves you. Stay safe/healthy.
#Obamacare was wealth transfer & genocide
Depoliticize healthcare & put #AmericaFirst
Migrants: free unlimited healthcare while our own die.
Healthcare? Didn't you just cut the best health care system the US has had?! 
You sure about that. You're on tape telling your 1% buddies their taxes will be cut. Wow, can you spell D E F I C I T ?
Thank you  President Trump 
Tax cuts to the top 1% and non existent healthcare.  Something to be proud of.  Fraud.
How can you get anything right if all the people working at the WH are incompetent and out of touch with the needs of the American people
obama got it very right. u lack the grace and wisdom to see that, u r clueless. u still havent figured out u work for americans, not russia
Cheater!
With u the picture nothing will go right no health care this year & u will pass tax credit 4 wealthy u r a sad person nothing 4 middle class
You already got everything wrong. Taking healthcare away from 23 million people will be your legacy.
It better be for low and middle income or your a typical lying politician and no 2020
Trump care will kill people...You don't care...sick...
You won't. Sad
yeah right so you and your cronies can get richer every time you open your mouth your nose gets longer#TRAIN WRECK
Concerning cutting their taxes and not touching their healthcare!?
Get it right? By screwing poor people over and taking away their benefits? Why do you hate poor people so much?
Mr president,do away with private contractors.  That may stop the garbage Spiller! They don't appreciate working for the country & it shows
Our President is the greatest!!!!!!!! Don't you just love him!!!
We the ppl want YOUR healthcare! Anything less go back to the drawing board. Taxes? Not paying it just like you...
You push hard when you try to do a #2. Your so-called health care "plan" is a joke. You can't get anything right.
Tax cuts for whom though Donny?
Just expand Medicare to anyone not covered by Private Ins in states where Private ins doesn't want to cover cancer patients @SenSanders
you will never do it donald
Great about tax cuts, etc. Mr. President please try to have a talk with Sessions to work out any differences! MAGA
good idea,but people are asking if mich mcconnell is up to the job,he just seem like he cant get anything done
Yep...BIG meeting....first question was about Comey ...you are going to be in deep 
Reverse-Trump Tax Policies Lead To Economic Boom in Sweden
Don't forget, the American people want TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS too!
Then how about involving everyone?  Why are you only meeting with Republicans?
you're a monster
But @KellyannePolls tells us to ignore your tweeting rants. What to do, what to do?
Good luck GOP on keeping your Party's MAGICAL promises for heath insurance that's cheaper, same coverage, & doesn't kick anybody off. #AHCA
Indeed we need to get it right. So STEP ASIDE, ignoramus,  and let some folks with knowledge and experience tackle the problem
I've supported u from the beginning but letting Sessions go would be another big mistake for you. Stop acting like big bad businessman
Us million billionaires need every 100 million we can get!
What do you care if lower income families can't afford HC or people pay exorbitant rates for pre existing conditions? It doesn't affect you.
When are you releasing all your tax returns?
I didn't think it could move any further to the right. Damn disgraceful
Much like Trump Care your tax breaks will benefit the wealthy, taxing the middle class & working poor at higher rates. Trump screws poor sad
Congress can't compromise with one another. I vote to replace then in next election. It shame can't fix health care or taxes.
Keep on pushing...it may help your waistline, your friends, Russia, Saudi Arabia...your friends, your waistline oh and your friends!!!
We (the people) do NOT want tax cuts for the rich and we DO want healthcare. Start governing for the people, not for yourself
Is this so you can pretend that the #Russia thing isn't actually happening? Does that make our little president feel better?
Get this dick right
From what I see, the only way to get something right is if you stay out of it.  Rush, rush, rush!  Fast is not better. GET IT RIGHT!!!!
my friend, this is good. I hope you have many more meetigs like this. Your voters look to you to guarantee health care for everyone.
I Support and Trust my PRESIDENT! MAGA! DTS! #proudamerican #buildthewall
If we don't, rich people will still have to pay taxes and poor people will still be able to get healthcare! SAD! #ImWithStupid
Tax and health cuts you angry orange!
Tell your Representatives to get to work or you will make sure they are looking for a job!
A new study finds as many as 4.7 million children could lose health coverage under the GOP health care repeal.
Republican politicians need to get behind and support Trump. You will be remembered at election time!!!
You need to step down and allow a person that knows politics do this job
I believe the part when you say you're pushing hard. On what is the question???????????
You mean you must get the most profit. Sick.
I didn't like what Kathy Griffin did... I hated it just like I hate how you sold your soul and betrayed America
pushing hard ... that explains why your face looks like that ... have you tried prunes? ... many old people find them helpful
We have control of both houses- Its time to start out calling the rinos and the establishment for not serving the people's best interests!
And what to ask the X FBI Director.
Support you Mr President. But please don't take away Medicaid. The poor also need healthcare.
Why start now?
@POTUS @GOP How many millions will you need to kick off insurance, you sickos? I hope the deaths you're causing weigh upon you...
Tax cuts for your rich friends and screw the rest.  Your proposed healthcare sucks!
Wow! This tweet makes it sound like you're actually working!
Are you getting the tax cuts you want for big companies and your golf buddies?  I come from elite area.... know how it works
Let  the Insurance Companies cr so     the tate lines and get the Phår must o comedownintiheir prices. and let the people work out
Please take out the mandate to purchase insurance. It costs our family 20K for something we don't want or use.
That would be a first
Ask the "leadership" why they aren't aggressively defending you how about it!
Part 1. I did a paralegal investigation on Blue Cross/Blue Shield, Medicare, etc. and found alarming tax evasion... Nolga
Swampity-swamp-swamp-swamp!
Focus!!!!!
he wants my SSI and medicare . Does not matter that I worked a min of 18 hrs a day 7 days a wk until my body gave out. He wastes millions
It's 2017, lies are exposed quickly. Stop trying to fool us. You're smarter than that! Don't sell your soul to corruption
If you want to get it right move out and let a reasonable adult take over
Tee times not available today?
Also the only people your tax cuts help are billionaires and millionaires they don't help the average american.
Keep up the good work Mr. President.  Make those Republicans get things done.  Too many days off.
Build the wall soon also . 
Tax cuts that take away help for the poor, tax cuts to schools who are already in desperate help from the gov't..but wait the RICH WILL WIN!
Donald Trump pushing hard to get it right? HAAAHAAAHAAA. The only thing Trump pushes is his need for greed. And a golf club.
Budget cuts start with Trump and family  Costs will be pushing 1 trillion dollars for a 4 yr term. Is he really worth that.
I see you are off your meds again! You got Twitter Insane! Pushing more lies & bs!!!
How about cutting all taxes and Healthcare? then the rest of the govt. You get to go back to being a CEO and theft through taxation ends!
Bwahahaha! Like you and the GOP stooges will ever, or can ever get ANYTHING right!!!! Thanks for the laugh jackass.
Thank you Mr Trump for all the great work your doing for all patriotic Americans even the nutty ignorant liberals Latinos for Mr Trump 
E nois
They only thing you can get right is resigning. Dummy.
And how come there are no Democrats involved in this
YOU CAN'T GET A TIE RIGHT YOU NEED A MENTAL EVALUATION
If Congress won't get Healthcare and Tax Cuts done, perhaps you should call a special session and make them stay until they get it done!
