We need a national Anti-Sanctuary City Bill, like Texas. Stop these crazy Democrats and send them to jail now!
Yes! Lock up all Democrats! Anyone who refuses to actively seek out and demand papers of brown people daily shall be jailed! #AmericasJesus
Cause illegals are the only ones that drink and drive. We had a city councilor get a DUI in my home county. He must have been an alien!
It's sad, but is that your biggest worry these days?
And what happens to dui victims next year if you take healthcare away. Focus on Russia, not hurting constituents.
You are pathetic to use this horrific example to support your deportation agenda against people whose only crime is being here. Shame on you
I had a family member killed by a drunk driving republican. Should I assume you ALL drink and drive now?? See the logic there? 
Given the way that they are governing, that unfortunately is a safe assumption.
The GOP is the greatest threat to my liberty, my life and to democracy.
Representing big donor interests instead of your constituents should also be a crime, yet you're still a senator. Shameful, isn't it?
Your inability to engage the real issues is truly staggering.
My heart breaks for this family but you are using their tragedy to push your agenda. Why not show your support for MADD?
How dare you, John! That has nothing to do w\it & your voting record proves you were immigrant friendly bef. your #Trump crush.
GOP Congress accused of letting 24,000 more Americans die each year under #AHCA may expect to be deported from office in 2018.
Suspect's immig status irrelevant. DUIs daily committed by persons of all colors, why focus on this one? #racist #xenophobe
What about all those white dudes killing their families in Houston?
"All elected officials continuing to support Trump post-Comey should be considered hostile to constitutional democracy."
Lauren Duca
fear-mongering & cherry-picking news stories, this is horrid but why is his # of deportations relevant? this isn't the fault of immigration!
I can cite so many AMERICANS drunk driving and killing their fellow citizens. Haven't you seen the alarming rates of this in TX alone?!
Now you're okay with eminent domain land grab for Texas border's gilded wall? Do cherry-picked stats help selling Texans out go down easier?
Irresponsible tweet. Just stop.
so sad for that family.  Pray for the healing.
So deportation doesn't work, and neither will a ridiculous boondoggle wall. You should do immigration reform, not lawsuits against cities
If you want to protect Americans, regulate guns.
WTH do guns have anything to do with this story whatsoever? Compare any city inTexas to Detroit and tell me stricter gun laws do anything.
There's a much greater chance you will be harmed randomly by a gun than by an immigrant!!!
Either way this isn't a gun topic. Guns save people daily & condemning an item doesn't alter a person's intent as seen with vehicle attacks.
I was calling out his hate mongering in the name of protection.
I understand why his tweet reads questionable. To defend, or accuse is all assumptions. I will not disagree with any comment made on that.
This is the fault of one person who drove drunk, so awful & horrible. But DON'T use this to vilify immigrants; 27 ppl/day die from DUIs
You are a sick, sick person, exploiting this picture for political gain while throwing people off of healthcare.
And you don't see this as a racist tweet? Senator you are digging from the bottom of the barrel.
thanks for the propaganda
Goes to show your damn wall won't do a thing
Spin it John. Ralph Shortey was charged with felony child prostitution. Are all republican officials guilty of this?
Your tweet is blantant fearmongering.  As if people born here don't drive drunk and commit atrocities!
you don't understand statistics
You do realize there are numerous more actual citizens who commit crap like this on a daily basis?
Can we deport you and freedom works (for the rich)?
We’ll use JCs self aggrandizing tweet for some good.
Anything to fit your racist narrative ehhh.
Don't use tragic anecdotes to demonize an entire class of people. This is disgusting exploitation of this family and pictured child.
Need good border security yes, but you are trying to use this to rationalize somehow that crime is caused by illegals, ridiculous.
This is so incoherent that your only point made here is that you will cherrypick any tragedy to push your agenda.
Prosecute to the full extent of the law.  Did you contribute to the young victims GoFundMe account? Or just post this for selfish reasons?
Y not highlight the solid family values some immigrants bring to this country? The love of community? Doesn't fit your xenophobic narrative?
Oh, come on, John. We all know that you only care about this family to the extent that you can use them as a political prop.
So you're introducing stricter alcohol legislation? What's your point here, John?
You're missing the other side of the story.
Use your vast influence in DC to pass Kate's Law, please.
#TBT Thinkin' about @JohnCornyn:

John Cornyn Isn't Smart, He's Just Not Stupid http://thehill.com/blogs/pundits-blog/lawmaker-news/30771-john-cornyn-isnt-smart-hes-just-not-stupid …
I'm sure this child's family loves you politicizing his plight.
Racist much? Please stop exploiting this family.
Spare us your racism masquerading as righteousness.
What is your point? Most DUIs are committed by U.S. citizens. Where is your bleeding heart for those victims?
What is ur point here John?  Do u think a stupid wall would work? Do u think deportation does not work?  What?
Criminals r crimimals. That's not true of all immigrants.
Did you see the part where the boy's family had to set up a GoFundMe to pay his medical bills? Is that the America you envision, Senator?
1,446 Texans died or were hurt in 2014 due to DUI.
http://www.cbsnews.com/news/6-blacks-1-hispanic-shot-in-san-diego-police-kill-gunman/ …. Here is another horrible story. We can do this all day!
There are plenty of US citizens w/ drinking problems. This is racist and xenophobic. You exploited this sweet little girl for political gain
Oh STFU, his being deported isn't particularly relevant.  And your stupid attempt and relating drinking to being undocumented is #racist
using an individual to prove a point about an group: an argument of composition. A for effort, A for gross bigotry, F for debate skills.
What percentage of crime/stupid acts commuted by illegals? According to research proportionately a lot less than native born. Keep digging.
Yet ice needs to get those refugees who ask for help- you know - because of ISIS.
and?
We get it. You hate immigrants. Challenge for you: for every anti-immigrant thing you post on social media, share one of the good they do
He can't it's against his Republican religion!
They have these white capes and Grand leader  I forget John what is your leader called? Grand Master, Grand Wizard, Grand Pain in the a##
How many times had the suspect been arrested for DUI? Bc his immigration status didn't make him drink and drive. One ex isn't a pattern
Sounds like you're of the mentality undocumented immigrants are inherently evil. Maybe we should mark them somehow...a star perhaps?
So are we going to get serious about DUI for everyone?
This is a tragedy and he should be held responsible. But there are also 10,000 drunk driving fatalities a year. Focusing on this
One instance to slander immigrants, which have a lower rate of criminal activity than general population, is vile and transparent xenophobia
DUI guts families on the daily. Where's your outrage?wheres the stiffer penalties? You only care cause he's brown. #hypocriteinoffice
Your daily: Only mexicans and blacks are criminals tirade. Can't wait for the next one you racist prick.
You know @senschumer would have this plastered all over the news and making speeches, strap on a sack and do something with it.Change policy
- is this your hamhanded way to gin up support for Wall, Muslim ban & aggressive deportations that tear families apart?
How about bringing this picture to congress and shoving it in @senatorschumer s face?  Make them face the results of his policies
TX  has the highest mortality rate in the nation of young mothers, lowest in education & healthcare. Why is that Senator. Tweet about that
Instead of highlighting one immigrant, why not the thousands of citizens who cause death from DUIs every year?
Are you trying to suggest that immigrants are inherently bad people, or that deportations don't work?
A woman in the USA is shot every 16 hrs. 1 in 3 women r sexual assault victims-why don't you care about that instead?
You realize some people are criminals no matter their status in this country, right? He was deported, so this is not relevant to anything.
Perhaps @RepKevinBrady would co-sponsor the bill? DUI and the lives they take go directly against your pro-life platform.
DUI is a terrible crime that kills many. Perhaps a bill to ban people with repeat DUIs from public office is warranted? 1)
House Republican!
Alcoholism is a terrible thing. Just ask Steve Bannon, Judge Jeannie, John Boehner and hell just look around.
Nothing wrong with securing our borders. But to cherry pick an incident to swear a group of people is cheap.
Gitmo for the 15 time returnee
Get'em out of our Country!
But a wal is not going to stop him!
Mitch McConnell and friends have obstructed and obfuscated and violated oath to Constitution. Where's your tweet about that, John?
You are a United States senator not a commentator for Breitbart or Stormfront.
You are not a patriot.
So... what about trump?
