I thank Rand Paul for opposing the turd sandwich being proposed as a last-ditch effort to replace Obamacare.
your vote will kill Americans, you've traded your soul for Koch money
Who runs this for you?!?! He is bad at it.
Your snarky quips - defensive and empty - say everything about your character and abilities. Constituents are begging you not to destroy ACA
If you ever picked up your phone or had a townhall, you'd know your #constituents want to #SaveACA #VoteNo #GrahamCassidy
I'm a Dallas resident who has called your office twice asking you to support the ACA and make it better. Listen to the people, not Fox News.
No John. If u don't have the stomach for a fight then get out of the way. The demon-rats shoved this down our throats. Fight like they do.
Cornyn, please don't forget that I hate you.
Aw senator. We know you're scared that you won't get that #Koch money. Sad that reelection funds are more important to you than Texas lives.
Yep, and you should too. #constituent
Yes you should have gotten my letter asking you to do the same.  Try saying "no."
But we budgeted 700B for more defunct planes?  Texans first!
No, it's a vote for our children. Graham-Cassidy will kill them and bankrupt us.
We don't want a tax cut for the billionaires. We want accessible healthcare for all. We want the bipartisan effort with Alexander and Murray
Vote against the Cassidy-Graham bill. That's what your constituents want you to do.
Cornyn - we will work against you when your time is up.  You need to go. U do not represent me or other Texans. U vote for party, not people
Vote against the Graham-Cassidy bill, Senator.
Senator, we support Obamacare.  You appear to support any nonsense just for the sake of opposing it. How about IMPROVING it??
improve obamacare? sure. replace it with this bill that will coldly toss people to the wolves? no.
Out of touch, John, out of touch.
 Vote for universal coverage. Stop trying to make Trumpcare happen.
However imperfect, ocare is well thought out and largely successful. Your pushing a bad bill and you know it.
So are you a yescon #GrahamCassidy then? Are you voting to make ins & this healthcare unaffordable for me & others? Thanks, glad you care.
Is it because you hate Texans (2.8 million or so will lose coverage), or are you doing high-level Cleek's Law performance art?
ACA isn't perfect, but I've yet to see a GOP plan that is better, despite having 7+ years to draft an alternative.
Obamacare will fail. No fault of Rand or any other true conservative. GOPCare / NeoConCare will fail too AND be blamed on the right.
Non sequitur
Keep Obama care going until you come up with a much better healthcare for everybody. Medicare for all.
No lack of confidence in you and GOP to be truthful with American public.
Our Senators are an embarrassment to Texas.  Politicians at their worst.
Reform =/= Replace; Senator you are smart enough to know that. All you need to do is improve current law & you would improve care for the US
i think you misunderstood Rand's vote.  It's a vote for you to go fuck yourself.  Hard, like with a book or a rotary phone or something.
My message to the electorate,  Vote out incumbents in 2018. You guys lied to us. Repeal this pile of crap.
Why the "f" is gov't even involved in healthcare. Congress gets premium coverage, the rich don't care, poor get covered middle-class get f'd
Obamacare is a mistake not for the low income just throw the whole thing out along with its hidden tax my God we are taxed to death
Corny, what does your tweet mean? Grandpa C you getting long in the tooth, time to replace him. He hasn't even read the bill.
Repeal the bill....that simple.
Those who create obstruction can't complain. #GOPIsBadForPeople
You could discuss this with your constituents at a town hall. You could learn that Texans want affordable healthcare for all.
You are ridiculous. Obamacare solved a problem. This creates one.
No, your yes vote is a vote for single payer. Anything less than #FullRepeal makes it inevitable.
Stop the bullshit "Senator" and do your job FOR the PPL. Country over party. We will remember...
Are you coming to see my niece, Johnnie Boy? She's 14 and won't be eligible because childhood cancer is a pre-existing condition. Feel good?
Trump's not draining the "swamp", he's draining our bank accounts But it just a matter of time before we will vote you out of office BYE
Work to fix our healthcare system.  Do your job.  Stop being a partisan hack.  Why are you supporting a bill w no CBO score?
@JohnCornyn please don't lower yourself by replying to anyone who would use the term "turd sandwich"
Snarky answer. . But it's not this bile you are trying to push through without debate or knowing how much it will cost (no CBO)!
You've completely drank the Trump kool-aid. Putting party over country, and over your constituents
It's not about Obamacare. It's about WeCare. GOP should stop playing my-team and get in the game to help ALL Americans. What a shame!
A vote for Obamacare protects the health and lives of 30 million Americans ...do you care about anyone with pre-existing conditions?
I am a nurse. You refused to hear from us, physicians, hospitals, or long term care organizations. Why is our expertise not valued?
A vote for @JohnCornyn to do your fucking job and draft a proposal that does not take away our benefits.
If only there were a bipartisan effort to fix the ACA!
Senator, why focus on taking health insurance away from 30 Million Americans when Trump's incompetence and corruption need to be handled?
Senator, your yes vote is NOT in the best interest of Texans. Do u care?
You're bad at this job. Resign please.
You represent a state with a shamefully high uninsured rate. ACA helps Texans get care.  Fix it, don't destroy it. #SavetheACA
At least there are a few guarantees & it doesn't hate women.
You do realize the majority of Americans don't want ACA repealed?

Under this bill, pregnancy will cost you an extra 17K. Metastatic cancer 172K. Autism 5K. Asthma 4K. This isn't a healthcare bill.
No, sir, it's protecting our healthcare and waiting for the right legislation to improve Obamacare. I'm a constituent. Vote NO to repeal.
No: A vote AGAINST G-C. Not the same thing at all.
That's not actually how voting works. You can't go back in time.
I hate you
No. One person actually standing for something. Try it sometime.
You have nothing positive to campaign on should you stand to run again. It's time for new blood for Texas citizens.

Stunning

Katy Tur: there are no protections for essential health care benefits in Graham-Cassidy…
The ACA saves lives. Why don't you care?
Or better yet a vote that will force Senate to do the adult, responsible thing for America: Fix ACA.
The majority of us Texans, you know your constituents!! We don't want this sorry excuse of a healthcare bill VOTE NO!!!
R U OK?
A vote for his constituents. Why are you taking away coverage for pre-existing conditions? This will kill people and bankrupt families.
It's the pro life thing to do!

There are so many things wrong with #GrahamCassidy, it’s hard to fit them all into one graphic. (via @aslavitt)
I know you are eager for thousands to die without health care but the rest of us are not.
Omg you really need to stop  wrong  it is always my way or nothing with GOP tryout bill is a disgrace
What's worse than a turd?
No, a vote against Ocare in any form.  Take a stand and repeal!
Texas, Arkansas, Mississippi, Florida, and Louisiana are the states with the highest percentage of uninsured adult residents. Hall of shame!
God John, you even suck at sarcasm. 
It's a #deathbill sprinkled with financial ruin for flavoring and you know it!
Gop version of nazi T4 .https://www.ushmm.org/wlc/mobile/en/article.php?ModuleId=10005200 …
Remember when you said there was a great plan the Senate was working on, and then you couldn't pass it because people hated it?
I'll take a vote for Obamacare over Turdcare @JohnCornyn sorry you can't kill us faster! #GrahamCassidyDeathBill
Thank you Senator Paul. If only senator cornyn had your courage. #repairtheACA
It's a vote for not making a poor situation worse. "Anything but ACA" is a shitty way to legislate.
You sound like a child. Not someone who should make decisions on behalf of Texans. We deserve better.
John can't wait to take health care from people...unless he is told otherwise .  He endorses the "rocket man", "lyin Ted", etc.. rhetoric
Are the Koch bros. worth getting on your knees for while your constituents suffer?
Senator, you're like an old vinyl record that keeps skipping back? Move to the future. Americans want/deserve quality healthcare. It's 2017.
Overly simplistic, Senator. Much like the last seven years of GOP health policy "planning".
Good. You may not remember how bad health insurance was for the non-elites, but #ACA is an improvement and #Trumpcare isn't. Vote Nay.
Ooohh scary OBAMAcare .... grow up, John.
I vote for it to. You supposed pro life people are anything but.
No, you mutant. A vote for sanity.
I hope you're getting your fair share.
The ACA can certainly be improved upon. Why don't you work on that in a sincere bipartisan way, rather that what this accurately criticizes?
Senator you know TX has done an ABYSMAL job at covering Texans.  Now you want to put healthcare for millions more Texans at risk?  Terrible!
There are more than two options, Senator. You could do this right instead.
Voting to enshrine #Obamacare as law, as long as Feds block grant money to the states, is voting for Obamacare. It's certainly not repeal.
Cornyn You BREAK IT, you BOUGHT IT!!   TrumpCare is a disaster it will cause economic calamity and you know it.  You're responsible for this
Americans don't vote @JohnCornyn to let other Americans suffer and die. #ProtectOurCare
You should do same! #NoScoreNoVote  #turdsandwich How about Texans? How many loose care if you vote yes? #ProtectOurCare
The Graham Reaper
http://www.highlandnews.net/news/political/largest-cut-to-veterans-health-care-in-history/article_90c0c718-9d48-11e7-933d-aff0adc80425.html?mode=jqm …

& you vote against our most vulnerable. #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Oh, #WeReadIt. Section 106 allows states to waive underwriting req's. Insurers could charge through the roof for preexisting conditions. 
Hell no to the three stooges helller, bill and the Graham Reaper.
Hey at least Obamacare HELPED people. The turd sandwhich, Trumpcare #GrahamCassidyBill needs to go down in ignomous defeat.
Yes. Obamacare is saving lives everyday. Lives you could not care less about. Shame on you.
What happened to the bipartisan effort? Fixing instead of destroying? Fulsome debate? Proceeding with input & thought? #notthecornynway
Yea, bc @JohnCornyn hates vets. https://twitter.com/votevets/status/909862229109075969 …
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
Our @will_c_fischer says #GrahamCassidy is just #TrumpCare with a new name and still takes health care away from thousands of #veterans. 
Why do you hate Texans so much? Why do you refuse to have a town hall? Why do you think you're better than us?
He's an ELITIST PR*CK WHO WILL TAKE EVERY PENNY FROM MID CLASS & GLEEFULLY GIVE TO THE RICHEST IN AMERICA!  Wake up Texas Morons!
would be his best vote yet tbh
Against a vote for nihilistic erasure with no replacement
I hope you vote against the turd  sandwich too!

