Fake news
We'll work to get those votes out so you & Ted can retire to a ranch in Mexico
So which one of these suburbs will your town hall take place
You should meet with your constituents there, you tiresome old fool.
Fake news
Fake news!
And they will vote against supporters of the Russian infiltration of the White House.
Ugh. Not a good thing because state government is so bad and unresponsive to real needs.  State gov't has been captured by religious zealots
Are U going to claim fake news when people are dying because of your policies? You won't be able 2 ignore the results then + @RepAdamSchiff
You're complicit and going down, like you already have.
Until the effects of #txlege takes hold. TX MoC's R yanking our state backwards. U have made TX 1 leading in hate
Why don't you come and visit Dallas and Houston. I notice you spend your time in parts of Texas you know will be friendly. Don't be a coward
Really? They must not know your 'their' Senator 
I thought you had something to you , for a GOP guy , but now you doin' the 'fake news' thing .u just another lame-ass 10 yr old politician.
Time 2 DRAIN THE SWAMP of all dump's sh*t; including you
Will you be holding town halls in any of them?
Nope; he would have to answer for his support of the Russian infiltration of the White House.
This fact should concern you gravely Senator. Thanks for being an obstructionist the last few years. These growing cities will remember that
More than 2 million of these and other Texans will be uninsured if this Trumpcare Death Plan passes. We expect you to vote against it.
Highest violent crime rates in USA.  No fake news.  Fact news, Mr. Partisan Hackster.
Fake news
Lots of transplants from big cities, does that make you nervous? #BlueTexas
Fake News
Why are you putting jobs over environment? TX IS BOOMING! No job is more important than our health, kids, air, water, Protect us! #climate
Fake news?
Also fast growing when it comes to democratic voting
Good. They vote Democratic  so will be easier to get rid if GOP whiners
You would do well to remember that you are to be 'for the people' and not your party platform.
And many coming from blue states which will change the complexion and political leanings of the state. Hmmm. Interesting.
Fake news Senator. (Incredibly easy to say that, Senator. Like your tweet on the healthcare CBO numbers, right Senator.
That's Great News because TEXAS is turning Purple. SCOTUS won't let you Gerrymander anymore Buh Bye GOP
Not to mention THE FASTEST GROWING PROPERTY TAXES!!  Ridiculous!!
FAKE NEWS
Real News #trumprussia #trumpleaks #resist
So you believe these numbers,but not ones from CBO? Anything you don't like is FAKE NEWS, huh? Embarrased you're  my #incompetentTXSenator
Fake Senator
FAKE NEWS
all happened because of Trump after January 20, 2017 right?
Have you checked their voter status? Texas is turning BLUE and they will vote your lying ass out! This, sir, is not FAKE NEWS!
not because of u ,that's for sure
Your hate for Pres Obama is what breaking all of the gop. Its hilarious to see how hate can make people destroy themselves
One drawback? Represented by Senator @JohnCornyn.
Fake news
Fake news
Fake news.
How do you know this isn't fake news?  Is the test if you like the news, then it's not fake?
You're not labeling this fake news? How do you determine what's fake news?
Fake Senator
We'd love to discuss the implications of this with you at a town hall.
fake senator with fake news
Fake news.
#fake news
im tired of texas senators and representatives repeatedly embarrassing themselves and the state of texas
Fake news
Fake news.
I'm looking for your next town hall....None???
Do you actually know where Dallas and Houston are??
Yes and guess what? We go democrat, including Austin, the 'Silicon Valley of South'.
On another subject...
Yup and Harris & Dallas counties went BLUE in 2016! Start looking for a new job along with @RepBrianBabin & @tedcruz
And the liberals are too stupid to realize TX is so strong b/c of conservative values. I wish they would all stay away.
Will you please have a town hall where we can discuss the real issues and concerns your constituents have? Is that too much to ask?
That will stop shortly. No one wants to put up with good old white boy hypocrisy. Companies will leave the cities.
TX continues to thrive
There is zero reason to take away affordable healthcare, deny living wages, & only give to rich.
BTW-Thanks Obama!
Combine with Trump, stir well, and enjoy your Republican-free Texas.
Include them along w/San Antonio, Austin, El Paso, Corpus, etc. in your townhall schedule. Where is that schedule?
When are you going to have anything to say about Kushner's efforts to back channel to Russia? Worthless. #Trumprussia #treason #Complicit
Great! As soon as we get you and Cruz out of office, Tx will have representation instead of partisanship, photo ops, & religious zealotry.
Amen.
You're not stupid Cornyn. Trumpism will push those suburbs blue. You're participating in the destruction of repub party. Love, Houston voter
Yes, Dallas is growing, & we have an even larger growing concern about Russian ties to the WH. We deserve a #Townhall from you.
Cities go blue. More people more votes, less power to the rural ignorant who vote for the likes of you.
One day Texas will not be a deep red swamp of backwater nothingness w/ a few small civilized islands. Those islands grow. GOP days numbered.
We are well aware, Senator. Frisco has increasing construction, taxes & assimilation issues @ FISD. Be nice to see you & @tedcruz sometime.
You know what else is growing? The #RussianCollusion drumbeat, care to lead the band?
Good cause they will vote you out! #traitor
John "Scumbag" Cornyn ignores the issues again with more lies to help bolster his puppet masters agenda. You swear loyalty to #Trump?
Great. What are you doing about Kushner? Anything besides burying your head in the sand & wishing it weren't true?
Gotta give Houston and BIG D! props
Awesome—they will make Texas blue! (77030 constituent)
.@johncornyn Senator Cornyn - huge thanks for your Constituent support team in Dallas
So more folks to vote you out. Awesomeness.
Uh? Nothing to say about GOP POTUS and the drip, drip, drip of constant incriminating evidence? Help concerned constituents!
YES!  @JohnCornyn do your job and rid us of the Russian infiltration of the Government of the United States 
why don't you visit them and have some Texas BBQ and town halls? Good way to spend the state work week?
Texas is the Next feeder to the Liberal Dem Locust! They Destroyed California and coming to Texas next!
Destroyed California? Economy bigger than Russia and Italy, most populous state, top companies in world located there. Lol
Ya right! and Russia and Italy economies are doing so well! Top Companies in the World are located in Cal! Your a Joke!
*You're

Did you google all that on your Apple Iphone?
Stop your Crying Snowflake!
Very original. 
Fact!
GREAT, both Dallas County, Harris County and Ft. Bend County went DEMOCRAT in 2016!!!  It will continue!
Biggest Democratic gains since LBJ in Harris and Fort Bend Counties.

News:

The CEO of Blue Cross NC tells me flat out that Trump and GOP Congress are why premiums will soar: 

…
Any comment
I'm a constituent Our cities are full of MS-13 Do something about that
And the fastest growing increase in property taxes. Texans are losing their homes. We need #SB2 @TeamBettencourt
