Rare time that Cornyn says the right thing and doesn't put party before country.
Thank you, Senator! Yea we need an independent investigation, and your constituents want a #TownHall.
Thank you.
At least ONE of our senators is showing a bit of #CountryOverParty!  Still need to have a #TXTownHall though!
This will be no different than @JohnCornyn being undecided on Devos. Once the wire clears, he'll switch.
True, but you still have to try with positive reinforcement. 
WH knew about this in Jan if not earlier. When are u back in TX to hear from voters? Too little too late #resist
Thank you, Senator, for calling for an investigation into Flynn ties to Russia.
Yah- but strange how it became an important issue for them all of a sudden- since YESTERDAY.
No doubt. People have been shouting about all of the ties to Russians for weeks.
Thank you, Senator @JohnCornyn  for asking for investigations into Flynn and his Russian connections
Thank you for doing what is right.
Good first step to Senator @JohnCornyn Please continue calling for a Flynn investigation.
You know, it's AWFULLY convenient you finally call for investigations hours before this NYT bombshell about...
Trump's aides and the campaign comes out. 
It's RINO, and your tweet makes no sense. Cornyn's been towing the party line.
You mean a media circus w/Democrat stupids?
Country before Party. This is an American issue. Leave no stone unturned. I'm sure there's more to this story.
Agreed.
#AGREE
- thank you! Don't stop with Flynn! Need independent special committee to investigate from campaign forward.
Agreed. How's it coming? Your constituents want an independent investigation with a special prosecutor. 
I agree too. Thanks Cornyn for doing something about this.
Funny it's about the only thing I agree with him on!
Agreed. Call for a full investigation into administration's dealings with Russia. It's bigger than #flynn
MUST utilize bipartisan select committee to be deemed as a legitimate investigation. Anything less is a sham
yes! But I doubt Flynn's behavior could be called a "mistake."
Bipartisan better for mutual cover. But you all NEED to see his taxes. Not make them public, 1/
But something that will satisfy public that an elected body comprised of both parties has seen them.
Agree!!  Bipartisan investigation is essential.
Flynn is out. Investigate leaks. That's what is needed.
I fully expect all Americans who were appalled by HRC's email server "scandal" to be equally outraged by Flynn.
& meanwhile we learn of a Russian SPY ship off our coast. Save the day at the last min? Not feelin real secure now
Cronyn, McCain, Graham should stop playing the democrat's game and put a stop to this BS investigation
A FULL  investigation is warranted. Show some courage and demand testimony #IndivisibleHelotes
, finally!
Please investigate administration's ties to Russia.
.@kimbopascual @JohnCornyn Me 2.Flynn must testify to get a chance to hear his side of the story under oath w/o obstruction.Truth for Texans
Thank You Mr. Cornyn! I hope the Senate doesn't stop at Flynn but investigates where the orders are coming from.
a start, & how about Senate version of House effort to get 45s tax filings 4 all to see? Status of GSA/45 hotel?
thank you Sen Cornyn for showing backbone on this - sincerely from one of your constituents
when this all unravels they want to be on the right side of history
Thanks for taking natl security seriously. Please make sure investigation is independent & thorough. No more lies
"bipartisan" is a buzzword used by pols to justify their collusion against the will of the American people.
#TEXAS fire this obama-lovin, wormy, fake-republican --> @JohnCornyn
I say wait for the FBI. No grandstanding on this one.
@SenTedCruz Thank you Senator Cornyn.  Will Senator Cruz be joining your call for a bipartisan investigation?
Thank you Senator.  When will you be starting?
Where were all these tough congressmen and senators during the past 8 years of Obama's lawlessness? Geezzz
Yeah you mean Rhino's just waiting to attack so they can keep their club.
Senator Cornyn, THANK YOU for pushing for an investigation into this very important matter!
How about an investigation of Koskinen
I seem to be agreeing with @JohnCornyn twice in under a week. This is rare. Join us, @tedcruz @michaelcburgess!
CSPAN CAMERAS!!!

@GOP LIES! LIES! LIES!

SAD. . .Dems will NEVER VOTE @GOP. . .NEVER

@GOP BACKSTABBERS!
have you lost your FREAKING mind Senator? Why give the Dem's blood? Get over it Senator and REPEAL Obama care!
is a RHINO! Like McCain, Lindsey Gramamnisty, Collins,senator in Alaska. #Pathetic
How about a hearing on the leaking of national security secrets? WTH
Dems will seek to find things that aren't there Rep. will ignore anything that might look fishy
Give us HOUSE, SENATE, WH. . .

LIES, LIES, LIES @GOP

LIES, LIES, LIES @GOP
it should be Bi-partisan but it won't be. Needs to be an independent investigation.
Sure Sen. Cornyn is loving all this praise from the left, but see if they will vote for you. I won't again.
Are u nuts? Quit attacking the administration. .
WHERE the HELL is the HEARING for DAN COATES???

YOU HAVE TIME FOR THIS NONSENSE!

@GOP YOU ARE BLOWING YOUR LIES!
FBI reviewed Flynn’s calls with Russian ambassador but found nothing illicit http://ln.is/washingtonpost.com/lhAWM …
There should be no investig because it's all manufactured BS. @JohnCornyn should think long & hard before enabling this circus
What NONSENSE! 

I KNEW the @GOP was behind all this SLOW WALKING nominees!

@GOP goes down in FLAMES!
@LindseyGrahamSC Cornyn & Graham two RINO cucks out to destroy Trump just 3 weeks in. FU.
#ImpeachTrump
Nice. Putting country over party? Let's hope this continues. And, action>words. Let's talk at a #townhall?
well nice to see @JohnCornyn on this. Nice to be able to say thank you!  Stay on this Putin in our WH terrifying
Yes! Thank you, Senator Cornyn. Indeed, Russia investigation is a bipartisan issue.

then let's do it, Sir!
Thank you, Senator, for your integrity & courage in calling for investigation into Trump's connections to Russia.
Thank you @JohnCornyn, for putting country over party.
and the first step of that bipartisan investigation should be his tax return release
Thank you for putting country before party. We have a lot of questions about this. Please hold a town hall.
You and the rest of the useless  career politicians need to retire. When the Dems play hardball all you to buckle.
Next step is for WH officials to testify about what they knew and when they knew it. 3 wks is way too long to sit.
Agreed.
Finally something I can support. Absolutely need to investigate, no stone unturned.
finally something we agree on. Yes we do.
Thanks John. Lets get to the bottom of this mess.  #CountryOverParty
thank you
@sengraham2016 today we agree- Thank you gentlemen
Thank you. We NEED an INDEPENDENT public investigation going back to campaigning before Nov. 8th. Nothing less.
sorry, but this isn't enough. Senator Cornyn is still trying to keep this under McConnell’s control. 1/
at this point, the only adequate solution is a special committee with Subpoena powers. This was an attack 2/
on our country, it needs to be investigated more thoroughly than the "normal" standing committees.
Trying to be on the country's side, John, over your own partisan issues? How's it feel? A first for you in ages.
You have taken a step toward being a moderate. Thank you.
Thank you for at least having the cojones to step up on this issue even if @tedcruz is still pandering about.
Thank you!
thank you Senator @JohnCornyn  citizens demand to know what Administration knew and when it knew it. @indivisibleATX
Its about time Thank You
Yes! Investigate both Flynn and Trump. Investigate as fully as you would have if this were HRC's administration.
Oh, please, let's not make Sen. Cornyn out to be a leader. He is a follower. And he has followed a Putin asset.
we agree on this.  We need to know who knew what, and when.  Soon.
Where were all these tough congressmen and senators during the past 8 years of Obama's lawlessness?  Gezzzz
where were they during Obama's reign? Sleeping
