Great job Governor Scott. Proud to be a Floridian.
Remember that when this crisis is over, fight for ALL Floridian - not just those who support your campaign coffers. #RESIST
We still have little power, few street lights, no internet, and no gas available at many stations.  Are you even in Florida?
Thanks to all who've helped. We feel the love.
Let God deal with all this
Everyone except @AnnCoulter.  Mr. Scott did you know she thinks we are having a typical rainstorm.  Laughed in the faces of Floridians. #SAD
Ann Coulter - another climate change denier.
Governor Scott you've done an admirable job
Climate change is serious, but we appreciate the support.
Georgia and Native Texan stand with our brothers and sisters in FL. Peace in the midst of chaos. Thank you Gov. Scott for your trust in God.
Thank you @FLGovScott for your tireless work this past week for us.
You are an awesome leader!  Standing with you 100%! Praying for you and your family 
The entire world and it's much appreciated. We are praying for everyone affected by this monster...
Thank you Governor Scott for being so well prepared, honest and aggressive in getting help to Florida after the storm!
Great job Gov. Scott! Thank you for taking great care of our state!
We support you from Cental Illinois!
Please share with Friends in FLORIDA
We here in Florida LOVE you Gov Scott.  Many thanks to you, staff & all who have & are tirelessly working to insure our safety.  Great job!
#IRMA WHERE ARE YOUR PPL THAT SHOULD BE HELPING THE CIVILIANS WE NEED ELECTRICITY FOOD AND WATER IN CENTRAL FL GOVT SCOTT. #hurricaneirma
Hello, beautiful Work for to SAVE POPULATION but You are WORRIED for LOLITA ORCA    and DOLPHINS because IRMA Thanks you of to inform
Thank u 4 doing such an incredible job keeping us informed & encouraging ppl 2 evacuate.
I think it's awesome
You have been a great leader through Irma, If floridians put aside partisan politics, they would see yoy have been fighting for them always!
We need gas stations to open!
Fantastic leadership getting Floridian's prepared, I'm sure you will see us through cleanup. Thank you.
Thank you for encouraging everyone to be prepared. Amazing job on your part.
In such emergencies, actions of government and emergency organizations  are must. Instant and accurate updates are available. Great job!
We're still standing with TX, too.
Awesome job so far @FLGovScott... but I think the real work is just beginning?!
#IrmaHurricane
Thank you for you and your teams efforts to keep us safe...spending time in my closet with kitty during Central Florida Tornado warnings!
As a retired Florida Employee, I'm extremely proud of our Executive Officers in their handling of this emergency!  You Rock Scott!!
Rick Scott has shown why the people of Fla elected him!! I voted for him during his 1st term. Always ready to serve his fellow Floridians 
Unfortunately most people are more concerned about football and the Miss America pageant than people dying.
https://www.facebook.com/permalink.php?story_fbid=1845750715739718&id=100009144214814 …
#mygovernor #mystate #leadershipmatters
@FLGovScott thank you for all you have done and continue to do to for all of us Floridians!!  #bestgovernor
Let's not forget about Texas
Thanks for taking the lead Gov Scott. You're doing great!
New York Nurses Ready to volunteer... no response to Emails??? Please forward info and / or contacts
Prayers Works - the God of Israel - Jesus Christ answered our Prayers
Praying from the Philippines for my loved ones and everyone there.
Please run for the Senate Gov WE NEED YOU!
Well, you've done well for once, Rick. Be like this more often. People over politics works, you know.
Great job so far sir!  Thanks for watching out for us!
Now let's talk about Climate Change and how we can work with the rest of the world to fight it.
It'd be great if you accepted climate change. Bit since not, every person that dies tonight and in the days coming are on your hands.
shut up Voldemort
Governor Scott you have set the bar very high for how to oversee a natural disaster.
Thank you Gov Scott. Great leadership during this difficult time.
Great passion for your people in need! Hunkered down in Sun City Center. God bless!
Gov. Scott..you are an example of great leadership along with the talent to multi-task. Thank you
From CT where we've seen devastating storms - you have done an outstanding job leading the great people of Florida through a rough time!
Amen, praying for zero mortality. Even Jesus said, "Run4theHills!" Luke 21: 22-25
Incredibly impressed by your leadership!  Thankful you're leading the way as my family lives in Florida!  God bless you!
All be safe, be strong.
the Trump team will put every one back 2 work
Fuck Florida...go IRMA
We stand with Florida. Prayers for you and the entire state. We are all Floridians tonight.
We will help! AZ 
Great job getting prepared governor 
I am so grateful to how you have handled this whole storm Gov Scott! Truly a great job.
I hate to use Florida Strong. Boston kinda owns that. But "Florida Fights" works
So NOW you like big government. #hipocracy #IrmaHurricane #HurricaineIrma
#Charleston's C-17s in action for Irma relief ops: all 48 C-17s of 437th Airlift Wing deployed. #PrayForFlorida #FirstResponders Be Safe
The World stands with you Florida! Watching from the UK hoping for a safe outcome for all! Thank you #CNN for the coverage xx
Your leadership during #HurricaineIrma is admirable. Have a good evening, sir!
US Marines offshore, Governor; 1000 strong friends ready to come to your aid. Semper Fi ~
God bless the US Marines!! Always ready to serve 
Still think this was a good idea?
I don't particularly like you but I will commend you on the work you did to help Florida get through Irma.  Thank you.
I don't know this Gov well from political perspective (CT) but agree, hard to ignore his leadership thru this. Tough love and compassion.
Gov Scott, our schools & school personnel are proving to be essential to the infrastructure of our are communities. #hcpsproud
You are doing a remarkable job! Thank you for tirelessly covering the state as we prep for Irma's arrival and departure. A+ Sir!
All states matter.
Climate denier 
Thank you Governor Scott  you've truly done a great job
Amazing leadership in all of this. Prayers up for all Floridians.
Don't agree with Scott's politic but he truly shows that he cares and has compassion you can see it and feel it as well ,rare from a Polit
Thank you! Relocated to Middleburg. (Black Creek) one month ago! #firstFLhurricane
Any update on schools tuesday?
Say it, @FLGovScott --

#ClimateChange

#ClimateChange

#ClimateChange

#ClimateChangeIsReal!

#Irma #Irma2017 #HurricaneIrma #Florida #FL
Thank u
Why are 15 year veteran teachers making a 45,000 salary governor?  Why are making lives more difficult?
We definitely appreciate all the support. #HernandoBeach #StormSurge #IRMA
Much LOVE & Prayers from Colorado!!! We are with you all!  God Bless You!!!  
Even outside the country!
Stay safe
Is it still too soon talk about climate change
Not just the US  Canada too
Thank you
#FloridaStrong
Yoho and Gaetz voted against Harvey aid. 
Do you think Ted Cruz will want to send $$ to Fl?
#ClimateChangeIsReal
South Africa as well! Our hearts go out to all of you!
Thank you
Thank you gov Scott for the wonderful job you did and all floridians all united. #hurracaneirma
Good men!! You and @potus too!! God bless 
From the UK - thinking about friends and family in FL - stay safe. This too will pass.  #Irma
Thank you Governor Scott, we need more politicians like yourself and President Trump. About the citizens of the USA.
Yet you are still a climate change denier. 
You've show great leadership in communicating the value of saving, protecting & preserving lives. Thx @FLGovScott! My family is in FL
We appreciate how much effort and planning ahead of the storm has been done. It's made a huge difference.
We Admire Your Complete Strength And Wisdom As Well As The Calm You Project To #Floridians During #HurracaineIrma Stay Strong!!
#OneNationUnderGod



Depends who paid for the research
God Bless Florida
This is in Stuart Florida which is in Martin county and it's just getting worse #prayers #hurricaneirma2017 #Florida
You truly stepped up Gov. Scott. Thank you.

Please don't speak Spanish anymore ...but appreciate all else you are doing ..good luck
We stand with you Floridians! I'll make them pay!
Help FL, To Rescue Help/Vounteer try http://irmarescue.com  #IRMARescue #IRMA #RescueFLorida #RescueFL
Thank you!! The idiots everyone sees on the news is not the norm for Floridians! 
Thanks Governor Scott for your awesome leadership during these stressful times.
How?
After the hurricane passes through, will you be talking about #climatechange or are you still in donor induced denial?
From San Diego CA my prayers 
I may be several states away, but I am always thinking of you. #hanginthere
Prayers from California 
That's what real Americans do ... they're committed to the common good, not just the special interest good.
IRMA Florida Rescue Volunteers
Thanks for all of your helps and supports!
Think it's the world now, I'm in the UK
Thanks U.K.
No thanks necessary. Can't imagine going through this. Worried about my friends in Valrico near #Tampa
It's definitely the whole world. I'm praying from the Czech republic... Stay safe!
