Try calling a constituent like me, and I'll tell you the success stories from my family.
And me, another success with the ACA. Writing letters, calling, faxing have done nothing but inspire @JohnCornyn to keep trying to kill us.
Don't give up, @tjresists - we have to show the privileged "leaders" that they can't ignore us. Don't forget they get a lifetime salary!
Indeed, we do. Although, I think we're tweeting to dead air. He never acknowledges that his tweets are about as popular as diarrhea. 
No, that's right, you don't care about your fellow Americans, only rich Republicans, remind me, Johnny, y r a Christian, right? Pathetic
Any failures are your fault. U did nothing but obstruct ACA and opted a choose to lose plan. U r the failure.
So, there are missteps but you go out of your way to avoid the majority success stories of the ACA. Fix & make it better not worse! #RESIST
This article printed a year and a half ago is OLD news. In the meantime, wht have u done to repair it? Your plan FAILED to pass! Repair ACA!
These faults in the ACA can be minimized or repaired. Just do it!
Let those in Congress who vote to strip others of healthcare be stripped of theirs as well. Embrace the FREEDOM of no healthcare coverage.
Caused by republicans is the part you left out.
What have you worked on to improve it?  Blaming may have worked during the first roll out - but the ball's been in your Court for years now.
Why don't you fix it? Republicans can say no but don't have the creativity to problem solve. Let's hear your ideas(assuming you have one)
add public option to ACA, reinstate risk pools & guarantee payment of CSRs, expand Medicaid-THEN see if ACA still failing!
Please fix it or give us Medicare for all.
what have you done to negotiate fixes to issues? I am guessing you are only good at tooting the horn & not driving the truck.
ACA works for me.  But never mind. You can ignore me.  I'm just a VOTER, not a deep-pockets donor.
You must feel good about being able to derive such joy at the expense of others less fortunate than you.
GOP only knows how to criticize. How do you fix It?
Everyone knows it's not perfect. Instead of slamming your coworkers you should be reaching out to #DEMS to improve #healthcare4all.
So instead of bitching about it all the time, make yourself useful and FIX IT ALREADY! why is that concept so hard to grasp? And #townhall
Republican repeal and replace failures are a factor of 10 by comparison. Can't you come up with anything creative to solve the problem?
It's not as bad as you're making it out & start FIXING it. You own it NOW!!
Oh John, I only have success stories with ACA. Its quite one sided posting just the failures and shows what kind of a Man U R #disappointed
I remember you having a huge healthcare failure a few weeks ago. Anything of substance to offer yet or just retweeting other people's stuff?

I think ones who call for demise of ACA should be first to lose their healthcare coverage. What do you think of that idea, Sen. Cornyn?
You have zero clue aca has saved my life
Why don't you focus on the failures of the Republican Party? And the morally corrupt republican president?
Incomplete and biased.  The conclusion does say that there was no support to fix issues.  That's on your watch.  You are accountable.
Then show us your plan
And so, what are your suggestions to amend it?
So WHAT R U Whiny @SenMajLdr @lisamurkowski @SenSusanCollins &  ailing Rhino @SenJohnMcCain gonna do 2 FIX IT.  More bullshit and innuendo ?
No one has said ACA flawless. Instead of killing ACA & causing millions to lose their healthcare, FIX THE PROBLEMS. Make ACA better.
ACA death spiral has ended now that repeal failed. How about tweet that fact!
Why don't you and the rest of the GOP fix it, like you said you were going to do. Anyone can curse the darkness, why don't you shine a light
I'd rather have healthcare system like Canada.
You have had over 7 years to improve ACA but instead of improving your party chose to obstruct Obama at every opportunity.

Make it a month so you can see the patient return
You should work in healthcare for a week...start ER, ICU, OR, Home health, Hospice, VA, Cancer center, dialysis, nursing home, mental
The entire GOP plan is a failure.  Stop spreading bipartisan propoganda,  work with the Dems to fix tje damn thing! #Votehimout
A sampling of senator failures: senator Cornyn, who doesn't seem to do much but complain and point fingers.
STOP IT... just STOP IT... listen to your constituents when they tell you to FIX ACA not destroy it. For God's sake, these are peoples lives
No one, my good friend, denies there are some problems.
FYI,  "A Sampling of GOP Failures" would include molesters bribers, receivers of graft liars, leakers, etc. Eliminate the GOP too?
How about listening to ur local offices who heard hundreds of #ACA success stories. Hold #townhall 2 hear what works & what needs improving
Every single one of them are because of a GOP attack.
All systems have issues & can be improved. We're not eliminating the Navy because of the two recent collisions.
#ACA covered me during a miscarriage. I am a Texan and a voter. #FixtheACA
the biggest failure is TRUMP and some REPS not working to fix ACA repeal/replace was never viable option @MSNBC @indtx36
c'mon Ted @JoaquinCastrotx @indivisibletxjc @TxBlackDemocrat @indivisibleATX
The congress (thats you) can fix the problems with ACA!
R'a do nothing 2 improve healthcare. Just wreck it & give $ 2 rich. Need bipartisan work on rx cost & cost transparency. Put up or shut up.
Do you have a clue what is was like prior to the ACA for people?....
#1 Will u commit 2 oppose Ocare bailout #2 What r u doing 2 insure Ocare repealed #3 Do u agree @POTUS undo Obama illegal Congress exemption
Thats why the approach should be FIX. You've proved many times repeal & replace isnt a viable strategy. Get to work instead of being snarky.
Amazing how Democrats forced in OCare (over Republicans objections) and these tweeters are blaming Republicans. Corning voted to Repeal
I'm happy with ACA. Im part time educator, volunteer child advocate, have worked since age 15.  I would not have healthcare if not for ACA.
It is a huge financial burden on American workers & companies, especially small ones. It has degraded health care & delivery. Senate fix it.
8 years of your complaining, and you still offer no viable solutions. You're taking up space but you're not doing your job. Stop whining.
We all know its short comings. Go do your job & do something about it. Both sides need to start working for the public and not the party.
I would love to discuss this with you at a town hall, @JohnCornyn. ACA needs to be fixed, not destroyed. #hearme
See also:
Please layout your plan to fix the ACA, otherwise you're just wasting the taxpayers time and money. #doyourjob
You've been bitching about this for 7 years & you're still bitching about it! Stop sabotaging it & FIX it. We can talk @ your Town Hall.
Of course it's failing. @GOP has never supported it in Texas. It's working in states that did. But @GOP is sabotaging it.
GOP continues to sabotage ACA.  Work with Dems to fix it! People need healthcare - quit trying to take it away.
Yeah, yeah, we know u 2 tweet every link u agree with. Now how will u take actual ACTION to #fixACA & serve all Texans, not just rich ones?
But your constituents also have ACA success stories and you choose to ignore them.

You couldn't kill it in 7 years. Why not devote yourself to making it better instead?
Let's talk about your failure to schedule town hall meetings with your constituents!
Hey, guess you know how to spot failure
You're a good sampling of Texas failures.
Hey! Why dont you try making it worse? What? You say you've already tried that? Oh well....
How about we discuss a dampening of your failures.
And yet the plan you labored over was so, so much worse. Where is the bipartisan plan?
Be honest, @JohnCornyn, and talk about the @GOP amendments that decimated the bill to undermine its success in advance. It can be fixed
#ACA
Get off it John. The ACA is the best idea to provide healthcare to our nations citizens. U r GOP haven't offered anything better
7 years with no plan but sabotage is a way bigger sampling of failures
How about a plan to make it better? Oops. You guys just like to destroy, not repair.
Brought to you by the same folks who pushed to eliminate the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and replace ACA with the disastrous AHCA.
And yet you've offered no solution.
No thanks, we have your statements and voting record on file - they are a much more comprehensive accounting of your failures on healthcare.
We can agree that prems/deducts r too high for some ppl, but there r ppl who benefit from ACA too. I'd like to see the breakdown of both...
groups. But bottoms line-it needs to be fixed for ppl with high prems/deducts, but does not need to be broken for ppl that benefit from it.
Repeal!!!!
Tax reform!!!!
Build the wall!!!!!
Cut regulations!!!
Y'all promised!!!!!
If you put this much effort into things that people actually want just think what could be accomplished.
Give it up dude. Fix the few problem with the damn thing and move on. Get the cost of actual health care down that will lower insurance p
I consider this YOUR failure. You're the party in charge, fix it. And if you can't, get out of the way and let the grownups do it!
A Sampling of a Texas Failure: They elected John Cornyn to the Senate.

I appreciate the list of problems, but I'm more interested in what congress is going to do to fix it. Tick, tock. #turncongressblue2018
And yet you couldn't pass your own bill. And you can't get tax reform. Hell, you can't even pass a budget!
You're trying to win the battle of public opinion. You'll win when every American has equal access to healthcare.
Fake News
Wow. Such an unbiased nonpartisan source. #sarcasm
For 8+ years,repeal,repeal.Not a single committee on a fix,removal of the non-negotiable part D drugs,cross border buying, WHY?
...and still better than AHCA.
Every bullet point in this article is divisive & filled w/ half truths.

If you're going to post at least try to make it believable.
Fix the ACA
Have u seen that sampling of Trump's failures circulating? Any leads on how to fix that problem?
I'm still waiting to hear what you are doing to improve healthcare delivery and accessibility for all your constituents.
Instead of harping on failures of ACA, tell us what you will do about it rather than getting rid of it all together which will fail more.
Yes, let's continue to bully this issue down by starving it, beating it and then finally, exploiting it's failures. What a fool you are.
U tried 2 sneak n Ocare lite under the guise of Tcare. That, can't be forgiven. Give us a free market solution 1st. back that with safetynet
A Sampling of GOP failures
Do you have a plan?
Care to share it in a town hall?
How about posting successes? I'm sure they far outnumber failures. Failures are reason to work with Dems to repair the ACA!
.@JohnCornyn Do you just tweet and run? Do you ever read the responses to your tweets? No one wants the repeal of the ACA!
IF YOU HAD TOWN HALLS, you might have heard  ACA successes -- people who are alive because they had healthcare. AAF = rightwing lobby group.
Remember when John Cornyn said this, then went behind closed doors. #Hypocrite much?
Failure is the GOP's lack of action to fix what's not working with the ACÁ.
Please provide leadership Texans http://deserve.Work  with Democrats to fix ACA for all.After 8 years of Republican failures, past time.
Oh please find a retirement home already for your hypocrisy! Only failures I see is the GOP.
Of course it's failing. T is defunding it. #RepealandReplaceCornyn #TurnTXBlue
Yes, important! Do not forget Health Care Insurance, remember your promise??? Tax reform, bal.budget, wall/illegal immigration...u promised
The young invincibles problem is, too: make a bigger stick.
The family glitch is on you. Go fix that apostrophe.
Also: the risk corridors were defunded by Rubio in the sequester. Go fix that, too.

"It's uncomfortable to not believe things." The logical basis for believing in conspiracies: http://t.ted.com/fvC3CjP 
Repeal but don't replace!
MOST OF ACA FAILURES ARE ON @GOP & U 4 TAKING AWAY FUNDING & NOT EXPANDING MEDICAID IN R STATES U HAD 8 YRS AND U HAVE NO PLAN #DOYOURJOB
Too bad we don't know anyone in a position to fix these things. What is it that you do all day other than fundraising?
He has self-fellatio contests with Bannon
Stop being divisive
So, why haven't you done anything about ACA?
Come talk to your constituents about GOP Wealthcare failure. What's that biblical verse about the mote in the eye of others? #kakistocracy
You certainly didn't have any solutions.  Please, stop blaming the ACA and work in a bipartisan effort to fix ACA.
Example of Government Failures John Cornyn
#FixACA
Why is this guy always at the top of my timeline?
How we get a sampling of failures pre-ACA?
If you were intellectually honest, I bet you could find two success stories for every failure story.  How about you work to fix it?
Do something g about it! We know its a failure and a burden...the Senate needs to quit playing politics and act!
Great argument for singlehpayer. The best. Thank you John; get it done. #MedicareForAll
That's nice, when are you going to get it repealed?  How about less bullshit and more action?
Rejoice, sick people hurting! GOP lack of ACA support is working!  When do we get to arrest more paraplegic protesters?
Then fix the ACA.  Quit the dumb, back room dealing.  Bring DEMS/women to the table.
A sampling of @GOP failure. #TuesdayThoughts #MorningJoe https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/12/us/politics/republicans-health-care-senate-recess.html?mcubz=3 …
Says the senator with an 18% approval rating. Hey, you and Mitch are tied though!
No mention of @GOP failure to #expandmedicaid in states like, I don't know, let's say Texas
For the millionth time-FIX THE ACA-Your. Party. Is. In. Power. Stop. Blaming. People. Who. Are. NOT IN WASHINGTON ANYMORE. you suck at this
It's past time to end this crap and biggest lie of the Obama administration.
Whats your plan ? You plan is get rid of the ACA and give the Koch Bothers tax cuts and the 1 precent  But keep your health care
Speaking of failures....
All these failures and the Republicans who ran on repeal&replace can't get it done. Makes you wonder who's side they're on
Afghanistan is pointless at this point. 1 trillion spent there w/ a trillion more in benies? Congress use power of purse!
How about a sampling of YOUR failures instead. It would be a much more interesting read.
a sample @GOP failures
Sooo are you gonna fix them or make them worse?? 
Instead of constantly talking trash about the ACA, why don't you put that energy into coming up with a replacement plan that doesn't suck.
...yes, it's YOUR JOB @JohnCornyn to help fix it!!!! Just STOP!!!
Then do something about it!
So what’s your plan? Oh, gutting it to give tax cuts to rich people? That won’t fix anything. You’re the failure.
Brb, creating a list of your failures. May take a while to compile them all.
Please share when you're finished. Maybe we can all share #CornynFailures.
What about border security? Do you support Trump? #BuildTheWall
