3 Years, 4 Months, 26 Days, 13 Hours, 36 Minutes, and 26 Seconds
More like 7 years and the rest! Followed by Pence 8 more serving to MAGA!
HA!!!
Yeah, you Libs laughed most of the night of our last Presidential Election until you realized the joke was on you! Then....Boohoohoo
Do you have any education, Stephanie?  I'm just curious.
Is it true that the Dem party is changing its name to ANTIFA ?
Why aren't all Americans against Fascism?
Antifa is the german communist party . More frightening then a clown in a costume . More violent then any group out there
Of course because he will want to campaign there next
Trump is a failure.
don't forget about the people of Louisiana!
This aged well
God Bless Texas
President Obama. Infinitely more followed on Twitter than you could ever cry for. Beat by an intelligent black man yet again! HAHAHAHA
Hope you have your act together with POTUS, White House and emergency management or this will turn ugly fast.
Um...hate to point this out...but 45 hasn't appointed a head of FEMA. So who exactly did you speak with? #HurricaneHarvey
Try googling fema director.
Yeah, did that
Guess googling it was too complicated for u. His name is Brock Long.....
Thanx for the insult, as if it was necessary
Djt retweeted his retweet His mind is slipping further he can't remember what he did few minutes before PATHETIC
Praying for the People in Texas..
Thanks Mr. President we love you!
Speak for yourself pls!
My family is "WE" please
I thought y'all seceded from the US.  You don't want gov't help until......you do.
Dana I guess that is what you get for thinking. TX is a state in the United States, we have a great governor and a great president too.

Nope, hildo LOST!
Sigh... so did the south and the Nazis...
Nope, Nazis are alive and well = Antifa and all the left wing extremist jack-booted thugs shutting down free speech by violent force. #MAGA

Hildo agrees!
Did you consider revitalizing the Constitutional Texas State Militia? http://bit.ly/2f4hUOp  @CONSMILITIA
Constitutional “Homeland Security” Structure: “Bottom Up”—Militia
Stay safe @GregAbbott_TX and all the people of Texas. Prayers are going heavenward for you.
I may not like Trump or Abbott but I live in Texas and have family on the coast and this is frightening. Thank you for your prayers!
Praying for you and your family and all of Texas. I lived there and have friends there. Stay strong TX. We got y'all. 
Did you also discuss how Trump plans to slash funding to #FEMA?
Thanks to our President .@POTUS  DJ. Trump and our Governor Abbot! #HurricaneHarvey . Stay safe Texas!♡
Here's his true thoughts
Prayers for Texas!!
@GregAbbott_TX @LamarSmithTX21 don't ask for emergency funds until you admit #ClimateChangeIsReal
Cambodia is facing a serious crisis that has severely restricted freedom
Like other North Koreans, Drump helps our country
A big help would be Trump resigning.
Blobert a better help would be you leaving the country... 
No, Blobert is right a resignation would be the best thing for the US right about now.
Texas is talking care of itself..not relying on Trump...700 Texans called up...not national
Stay Strong, Texas.America walks with U.
Blessongs to people thrte.
I hope if 45 declares a State of Emergency it actually means something 
#opioidcrisis
#donthecon
Why are you calling on the federal government?  You #Koch fiends want to dismantle it.
And the point of the retweet is?  Why couldn't you just tweet in your own fabulous words!! Just kidding!! Your words suck!!!!
How about some words or something about the poor 9 missing sailors!? That might be nice! Oh wait - I forgot who I was talking to.
Ya seriously, don't encourage him to say anything. He only makes matters worse. 71yrs old and still doesn't know how to properly speak.
D/FW is GoodAll we got was some Rain#RodSteelOfficial

Lets all pray for Texas coast!
@POTUS must be looking for some good press from some fake news sources.
Thank God. Was wondering about this
@POTUS Wasn't this already re-tweeted? Did you forget so soon?
Well good luck, but there is a lot of hype/talk/PR before this storm hits.  Instead of the hype work on preparations.  Good luck, again.

It's a deal! We will pay for the wall, you support everyone you would rather not deport. Fair enough 
Would be nice if Fema had a head. Of course they don't because of the clown show in the WhiteHouse.
Everyday President Trump helps America!
Yeah, about that....every day he helps himself... America... not so much!
And you obviously weren't taught to read, bc it says that they don't hate the man but what he stands for! So there's that!
So YOU/They Hate America. We already know this though. We have watched YOU/them destroy it every day starting in 2009, January.
has proven he was right about one thing...Republicans are stupid.
Alec Baldwin sends off Steve Bannon on SNL

Alec Baldwin's Trump to Steve Bannon: "Fight the good fight against globalist cucks like my son-in-law Jared.” http://thebea.st/2vlboLp  

#WeekendUpdate Thank you for bringing back Alec Baldwin as Trump and the Grim Reaper as Bannon. My life is complete. 
What about all the dogs that Amercians leave tied up outside? When will it be illegal to tie dogs up outside in America, its so cruel
What does that have to do with a hurricane?
Think about it. It is legal in many US states to leave your dog tied outside in severe weather. Hurricanes, freezing temperatures. hot sun
Told you http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-4826216/Poor-dog-abandoned-Texas-flood-waters-rise.html?ito=social-facebook … Makes the UK news its so shocking
What types of measures are being taken? As far as I know, we don't have a FEMA director. Will that impede emerg. assistance? TY!
RT @GregAbbott_TX: Spoke with Pres. Trump & heads of Homeland Security & FEMA. They're helping Texas respond to #Hurrica...
Who's the director?
No one with any self respect will work for the Bully #potusCyberBully
Surprised he hasn't renamed it Hurricane Hillary and tried to imprison it on grounds of illegal immigration.
....and deleting emails. Oh yeah, and Benghazi...
Blah! Blah! Blah!! Yeah that was important
###
U

18 days after we learned Trump—via Nunes—secretly dispatched agents to find Steele, we now learn Steele has briefed the FBI. No coincidence.

3) Now the FBI has Steele's sources—and Grassley plans to release Glenn Simpson's testimony on the dossier. And Trump becomes MORE volatile.

5) We're hearing more concerns from the GOP, Clapper, and others about Trump's stability because a cornered animal is very, very dangerous.
Did they meet on a plane and discuss grandchildren

The hurricane called. He's coming for dinner. He's bringing the wind.
Isn't that the job of a prez?? Umm a real prez but lets tweet that BS 
It is ashame Trump is using this disaster for PR and backdrop for pardon for his buck buddy Sheriff Arpaio who jailed people who didn't

One worthless Rethuglican to another!
God bless Texas.
Sad to see all the hate on twitter. Lives lost thousands of people have lost so much. And still the hate comes out from certain people
Ignore the haters Gov. They can't put their hate aside, even in times of crisis. 
We love you.
#HurricaneHarvey 
Category 4
There you go @JimAcosta
God Bless Texas !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Has he announced an emergency?  Have they reassured people without citizenship that seeking safety/aid won't lead 2 deportation?
No matter what you's say he is still your president. Fancy a swap then, you take Teresa May and we'll take Donald. #makebritaingreatagain
You are an incompetent and should have been planning for this by the 21st or 22nd when it was clear strong storms were coming to the coast.

Why don't your secessionists pray away the storm? Is your god deaf or weak
Good luck. That's man is not capable in any respect. You are on your own
#trump is s low life
I have a hard time believing the vitriol in these posts. Praying for the people effected by this storm
Can you believe these hateful people!  Makes me sick!
Pic of you mid-coronary?
Time for you to go
LIBS LIBS LIBS!! That's TRUMPENZEES go-to retort. Some of us are real republicans....
@realDonaldTrump #DonaldTrump #Texas  #AmericanPatriots
God Bless you guys
Godspeed Lone Star State! We are with you. This storm will pass.

M
Tragedies that happen under the watch of great leadership always have better outcomes than under the clock of democrats.  Stay red my friend
Not really, infowars was just at the FEMA dome and they kicked them out saying they couldn't take video there Total shit
873@za@ 7
Praying 🕇
Hilarious get it Hillary lol
Tell your senators who voted against aid to us in NJ after Hurricane Sandy. We haven't forgotten.
Well, I doubt our Senators will load any bill up with so much pork that doesn't apply to the hurricane like YOUR democratic senators did

@Acosta this is what the Man I voted for did @realDonaldTrump takes care of what needs done.
NOW WE'RE IN A MAJOR CATASTROPHIC EVENTS  (HOUSTON) WHERE IS ALL THE RACISM. THERE'S IS NONE WERE ALL PULL TOGETHER WHEN LIFE IS AT STAKE!
God Bless You and the great people of Texas Governor!!
Good luck governor!
Do you not care about the 1200 dead in the floods in India? Do not #AllCitiesMatter?
Really? No one does enough to suit you?

Amen such a sad situation...prayers sent
Wasn't Toxic Trump just a little busy with Arpaio pardon during a catastrophic hurricane reigning in?  He has thoroughly DISGUSTED Arizona.
Texas is in our prayers.
Spoke with Pres. Trump & heads of Homeland Security & FEMA. They're helping Texas respond to #HurricaneHarvey. 
Close immigration checkpoints.
You're a good man Governor. keep Texas safe
HEAR HEAR
We support Texas and our President!
Tell the mainstream media. They don't think Trump is capable of handling the situation. 

Tough to do since there is no head of homeland security right now.

FEMA? I thought you Texans hated all things Federal? What, now you're gonna have your hands out?
Someone name dropped you...should retweet
Audit CLOSELY applications for FEMA $, considering the Obama community organizers, BLM, CAIR, NAACP, etc. Professional TAXPAYER FUNDED SCAMS
What a difference compared to Obama who went and played golf I believe?
Re DJT, by staying away?
Thank you Gov. Abbott and President Trump and you watch over Texas.
Like you even care
And Bengazi and so on and so on it doesn't end with the Clinton crime family
Thank u Governor
May God Bless Our Texas Citizens. 
And @realDonaldTrump will still be criticized. Bush acted to late for Katrina and Trump will be criticized for absurd reason. Sick of it all
I thought the head positions were still vacant??
Abbot speak all you want with 45 you won't b 47
If you never  filled  a sand  bag take some of are  all of month to Texas amd help out people will die while you complain  about the system
They are "helping"  by instructing everyone to carry ID to help identify them says Trump from Camp David! FEMA head is who again?? 
Our prayers are with you and the residents of Texas, Gov. Abbott! Be safe!!
#ProudOfTrumpNPence
Цпгуркрцокц оруергаоуецр децпюгрко рпцк црецоу цр елу а цепобьеокп
Really lmao
Gov. Abbott you are the Best Governor our country has, Your doing a Fantastic job. Texans are in good hands w You running the state!
He has to help. There's a lot of white people in Texas.
Hurricane's are Gods way of punishing the Evil doers.
As he hid at Camp David and said transgenders can't serve in the military and pardoned a racist sheriff. Nice guy.
Did the president tell you good luck too?
Before or after he pardoned the racist sheriff?
God Bless and praying for everyone's safety.
Love our Gov!!!  he is the Best!!
The bigger disaster is your presidency on America. You are tearing us apart and empowering white supremacy and kkk. We watch what you do.
Thank you, Governor.
FEMA is staffed??? Surprising considering hundreds of positions in this government go unfilled. Do you believe in FEMA?
Next time tell him: no climat changes!!!!
Texas you are in our prayers. God Be with all in the hurricanes path..
Biobert-- President Trump
 is not a quitter.  Words Spoken By His Own Mouth!!!  Have you not listened!  Listened to anything HE said!!!
When will the Idiot In Chief be impeached so that a person with an IQ higher than 90 can try to fix his horrific blunders?
Keep up the good work Mr Governor!
Can you please tell him to skip Austin and head to Houston where they need him? He probably hates us as much as you do anyway.
very efficient go Texas be safe be safe President Trump is in Toronto and we love him
Did Trump force you to tweet this?
Did he say "Good luck" ?
0ey
It's awesome to have a good man for once in the White House who's on top of these types of disasters AS they happen. Stay strong Texas!
We appreciate our Governor and the help from our President.
Can't wait to vote Abbott out
Hey Donnie John, could you explain what FEMA is?
@realDonaldTrump Only thing @potus is good at
You believe him?
Maybe you can tell Trump to NOT order Budget Cuts up to 80 percent for FEMA. They are not expendable.
God Bless you! Praying for the Great State of Texas!
Funny everything is blame on Muslim when Muslim are the ones that suffer the most
#HurricaneHarvey
#houstonweather
#HesMYPresident
God bless the people of Texas and Louisiana
While your at it, stop antifa and anyone else from tearing down any and all statues. It's already happened at UT!
God Bless you all...
Take clusters pictures and statues down remove it  and him from our history I guess we as Indians aren't black enough
How about when mrs lost to Obama?!!!
WE KNOW. U &THE PRESIDENT TELL US. CNNFAKE MSNBC AND HATE MEDIA SAY DIFFERENT. THEY ARE SICK. THE EXCUSES ARE DEEPSTATE HARM 2 EVERYONE
@Acosta Note the date. Yup POTUS responded well in advance, so sorry for you, you miserable small creature.
How did he have the time? He's busy retweeting.  Please don't tell Houstonians to evacuate when we're not to. Luckily we're smarter than you
We are all praying for Texas and Texans, Governor Abbott!
Trump não chega ao final do mandato pelo andat da carruagem.
Thank you Governor. We are lucky to have you in office instead of some of the flakes in the past like Mark White and Ann Richards.
Thanks Mr.Abbot!!!
The CNN idiot is late to ask and goad 5:33 AM - 25 Aug 2017
Good morning Mr. President... what is your administration doing about the hurricane to keep Texans safe?
#
Todo el que habla de emigrantes ilegales tiene que revisare porque está patria es de todos y nadie aquí tiene nada ...hahahah
This is the worse that I've ever seen it flood, but we will pull together, because we're not out of the woods yet.
Thank Gov Abbott and President Trump , I KNOW whatever help you guys can send you will send . I suspect this will be a rough one for S Texas
Dont deport wetbacks yet Houstonians need all hands.
Now just stay away instead of trying to take credit like you usually do. They are doing great. Please stay away
