so you had the choice to be constructive and productive today, and you were just like..."nah...I'm good."
So why didn't you vote to attack Syria when he asked y'all? Always throwing the blame in another direction, aren't u? Slimeball.
No, Obama was practicing diplomacy in good faith, as he should have. Trump's promise to stay out of Syria was a sham.
Kind of like invading Iraq, right Senator?
Interesting..So when is your face to face town hall? Kinda feeling like your representation of us is a bit of sham.
BlamingObamaGettingOld.NotHistoricalTriumphWillBeYouNextElectionDay.#TrumpHumper #SoldYourSoul #Constituent #Karma #SoOutOfTouch #VoteYouOut
You must have missed the first 6yrs of the Obama admin where he blamed Bush for everything, Trumps only been in office a couple of months.
Sir, you are obsessed with Obama.  He's vacationing and no longer impacts DC.  Don't like something, change it.  I vote in TX
Similar to the sham that Republicans would repeal Obamacare
Stop blaming everything on Obama! You helped block military action in 2013 and set the stage we find ourselves on now. Hypocrite!
You think Trump cares what Putin does
quit trying to blame this on Obama. He asked Congress to act on Syria in 2013 & your party vetoed it! #hypocrites #cancornyn2020
Shame on you.  Had the GOP supported Obama how many lives in Syria wld have been spared?
Mr. Cornyn, it was the U.N. who verified those missiles no former President Obama or the Russians. Get real
Then why did you deny Obama a vote when he suggested we go over there? Why tell part of the story John?
Maybe you should have voted to allow him to strike Syria then?
This show of force was more like farce. I hear Putin's cronies are cozying up to you Rs lately. What was your take? #Trumprussia
blaming Obama  old man up &take responsibility 4 once u letting 45th get away w/things no one else would especially a black man
You guys just,can't stop blaming Obama!
So what is your plan? Stop blaming and start governing.
I wonder why you opposed this *exact same kind of attack* a few years ago?
You suck John! Where is our Town hall? #lastterm #Traitor #partybeforecountry
Still focused on demeaning prior POTUS. Maybe should focus on the current loose cannon in the Oval. No policy. Bad. #SyriaStrikes #russia
Just about as brain dead STUPID as dumb0bama & Hanoi John'$ Iran nuke deal !
A shame you refused to enter Syria forcing Obama to settle for this deal.
Maybe, but another documented reason why Trump should not be praising PUTIN. @IndivisibleTeam @DFWIndivisible @dallasnews @PoliticalDiscor
Town hall??? When??!
Did you publicly campaign for and vote for a specific authorization of force against Syria?
Fool. You should have backed Obama in 2013. How many lives could have been saved if you had.
Dude!  Stop blaming the GOP incompetence on Obama!  Do your job and keep our mentally ill, illegitimate president from killing the world.
Senator, stop blaming the black guy you didn't like & focus on the here & now. Quit bitching & get fixing!!!
John, you did not allow Obama to take in refugees or take action! You are a traitor to America and put your party above people! Sad and sick
....and Trumps bombing strike so successful that Syria launched an air strike from same base this AM.  Washington is broken.
re: your hypocrisy in stating Obama should get Congress to authorize air strikes in Syria? Thoughts?
How is that worse than an ineffectual bombing to distract from Russia?

It's all about pointing fingers with you and Trump. 2 year olds behave better.
and congress wouldn't allow the US to go in when asked back in 2013.  So it's your fault.
Stop talking about the past. Give Texans mental health care.
Uh Obama is gone. It's your dude running the biggest Sham in the history of the US. AND YOU ARE PART OF IT
#Trumprussia
Well since you never addressed Obama's request for war powers, you tied his hands!
Didn't Obama ask you guys if he could strike Syria in 2013 and you all voted NO?  Stop the name calling and move forward
Legi denied O authority to enter - quit bitching
Everyone knew that including Obama. You do the best you can with what you have to work with at the time!!!
You are one of the 98 Republicans that signed letter saying Obama needed Congressional approval or Syrian attack would be unconstitutional!
Are you really that dumd Russia said they would watch over and remove chemical at the UN hearing and he failed
If you can only justify the actions of @POTUS based the past, those actions must not have merit. You own it now.
HeyJohn! Thanks for the history lesson. What's the plan going forward -or did Trump just need a boost in his stocks?  Tell me there's a plan
no war Senator.
Guess what John? Trump is president now. Nobody cares about 4 years ago. Any deal Trump makes will buck too because Russia isn't honest.
buck = suck
GOP Congress voted down Obama's plans of action.
U appear dishonest by insinuating otherwise.
Issues affecting war torn areas r complicated
#TrumpRussia
What is the long term Syria strategy? The American people deserve to know.
Do you read these replies to your tweets? It seems you are not very popular. You should be worried about 2020. Very worried.
Meanwhile, the airfield that Mr. Trump "attacked" is already launching attacks on the same target that was hit with sarin.
Looks like the Republican Congress should have supported his military plans there.
Surely the only answer is that we go to war with these countries.  Yeah no other options.
Yeah instead we should just be incoherent & randomly fire missiles at other countries.
STOP COMPLAINING ABOUT OBAMA AND START CARING ABOUT TEXANS
Your so concerned that you are taking 2 weeks off. More BS. Get to work. The president works hard every day.
Not much of an accomplishment if your have to build a narrative of comparison around it. Accomplishments stand on their own merits.
that's the John Cronyn we know and love. Blame Obama for you own erectile dysfunction.
Weak, all day long everyday, that's what you've become.
What now? Your hindsight is outstanding. Surely you've known since Jan. 20, so you told 45 and State to begin working on it on day one?
Obama will leave a legacy behind. History will remember you for exactly what you are.
Send Jared Kushner. If he can't bring peace, no one can, said Donald Trump.
The cruise missiles were not very effective against the airbase. Half did not reach target base. Pentagon no hiring of US engineers.
Let's us guys just move along. It's time to get past Mr. Obama and onto Mr. Trump.
#PutinSympathizer #TraitorToDemocracy #CorporatePirate #russiagate #MajorityWhimp #bigot #WhiteNationalist
Senator, this sounds like an excellent topic for a town hall. When are you holding them?
trumps sham.....warning Russia who warned Syria that an air strike was about to happen. Great idea and I just know u were all for it!
You're a mercenary for hire. You sell your vote to the highest right-wing bidder. You've capitulated to the Tea Party in fear. #Townhall
Hmmmm...
Not sure popping off to hit a few planes on one of many airports is much more than a sham. Trumps bluff will be called. Where will you be?
You voted against taking same actions Obama presented to Senate. Now u support intervention?  You're #PartyShill and #bigot. #HouseOfLiars
The incompetent Republican attack on Syria has failed. Who should be fired?
Your body of Congress is now a sham Cornyn. Feel free to continue to fuck over the American people with your simple majority
we see right through you John. You and your like.
A real message to the world would've destroyed Syrian air defenses and aircraft. This $90 mil attack means nothing to anyone #hypocrite
The base is operational. Can I have $94 million to take out Assad? I know a guy.
What national interest justifies unilateral military action against a country that has not attacked the US?
You back a corrupt administration. Which tells everyone what u stand for. Obama isn't POTUS yet your daddy blames him for everything #bigot
In every major political event, photos show what appears to be a frat boy sitting smack in the middle  of everything?#kushner
Congress denied Obama the right to Bomb Syria. Did you forget that little fact?  We should have did it in 2013.
Looking forward to your next town hall!
Yep, it was all Obama's fault. How many years do you repugnants think that will play? I'm angry he caused Pearl Harbor.
The sham is 45 telling Mother  that he is bombing a driveway ahead of strike. Assad laughs & launches aircrafts from same driveway! NOT 
Your head is so far up Trumps ass we need a coal miners light to see you!
It wasn't Obama's sham... A Russian-Syrian sham.  1 example of how the Trump admin's ties to Russia are threats to ourNat'l Security.
You really need to stop insulting the American people! We are not stupid, we all know Obama wanted to strike and GOP Congress said No!
So your plan is what?? Would love to hear about THAT instead of always blaming others. #bealeader #growup #takeresponsibility
Obama was a sham...
Whereas a bombing run about which the target was warned ahead of time by Russia is super effective! THIS administration is a disaster.
By bombing Syria, does that effect our relationship w/ Russia? Or is that cool since trump is bed with Russia?
Why is DJT WH trying to distance themselves from Carter Page?  Why did GOP change campaign platform to be more Russia friendly?
So what will you do to get the Russian informants out of the White House? Looks like some treason goin' on in there. Wilbur Ross has a tale.
Don't trust Russians to keep promises on weapons, but trust them in the highest offices of gov't?
Why did Flynn lie about Russia? Why did Stone know that Wikileaks would release emails? Why does DJT admire Putin?
Would love to hear more from you about our former president. But only at a town hall. Eyes on the ball, Johnny. Eyes on the ball.
Why did Kushner omit numerous contacts with Russians on application for security clearance? Why did Sessions lie under oath?
“A halfhearted, ineffectual attack” that leaves Assad in power would harm U.S. national security.  John Cornyn 2013

Is he still in power?
Syria deception just like someone else you know.
Yeah, definitely shouldn't have tried diplomacy first. Should have just started bombing in a civil war with no good sides.
unlike u, most American's live in the present.  Congress has authority/exercise it.  Have town hall in TX & tell us yr position!
And your plan is:
1. Slightly damage airbase with tens of millions worth of missiles
2. ????
3. Great Republican success!
Business and power are forever bed partners.
Diplomacy over bombs? On what planet is that a good idea? Well, Sir, on the planet of YOUR grandchildren. Why do Rs love blowing up people?

Trump's attack did nothing to stop Assad. He's attacking the same city he hit last week with chemical weapons. https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/warplanes-return-to-syrian-town-devastated-by-chemical-attack/2017/04/08/38a5d8cc-1bdc-11e7-8598-9a99da559f9e_story.html …
Great idea!  Too bad Republicans in 2013 were obstructionists and refused.
Focus, John
Why r u still uttering Obama's name?  What is trump going to do other than an ineffective missile launch? What's your strategy? Useless GOP.
Move on John.  Pacifist Presidents such as Obama and Carter are voted into office in part due to weariness if war.
Ok so why don't we spend 50 million dollars to create  alot of pot holes in syria?  Nah,  that would be stupid.
Cool theory dude now what're you doing to ensure the 175000 enlisted Texans don't get shipped out to kill and be killed?
Maybe things would have gone better if he had been able to back his words up militarily. Any comment on why you helped prevent that?
Would you just Shush! PBO is NOT to blame for this YOU ARE! A sham is what's going on now w/dog & pony show with Russia. You voted NO in '13
Don't disagree, but Trump has only hit an airbase after spending years promoting disengagement. Does the pres have a coherent foreign policy
Something must be done about Syria (an aftershock of Iraq, imo). My fear is Trump's next steps are vaporware, metaphorically.
