How much did you get paid?
The Real Republican Party - power mongers owned by corporations and major donors who only represent party voters.
1st 15 words correct: Angry & terrified teachers unions, DeVos's millions paid to GOP to buy votes.
You have upset even my most conservative friends by voting for DeVos.
You should have voted "NO" as well. You've been too busy hiding from constituents and not answering your phone #2020  @WSJ
she's not even a teacher! not a principal; has never worked for our public educational system. she's just money
And outright bribery of GOP Senators is why this intensely unqualified person was confirmed.
she's NOT QUALIFIED.
Actually, it was because she completely embarrassed herself at her conf. hearings and plagiarized her written testimony. Sad!
Speaking of money...the position was bought!  And, not by the Democrats, since they all voted against her.
No, that's wrong.  Devos was opposed because she is deeply unqualified.
I will be sure to show up for the upcoming elections; let's see how much you listen to us then! #sellout
NO,It's because DeVos is NOT QUALIFIED TO BE EDUCATION SECRETARY--Period
- I devoted time & energy calling you because I'm a public school PARENT. No union ties, not a teacher. #rememberdevos2020
Your blanket dismissal of concern over Betsy Davos belittles the efforts your constituents have made to share their voices.
We called because we do not want our children's futures destroyed by an unqualified grifter.
No, it's because she's uninformed. Why isn't that important?
Betsy DeVos confirmed.  What is also confirmed is that there is not one single man of courage in the Republican Congress.
Nothing to do with Unions.  All about qualifications. She's never seen the inside of a public school.  Shameless payback.
Funny u bring up Dems and $ re DeVoss. 
Smoke & mirrors Senator! She bought that position for 2mill in campaign contributions.
You know we don't have real teacher unions in Texas and you also know ISD's are local gov.
You don't think it's because of every educator I've talked to - not a single one wants an outsider mucking up their work?
Did you actually listen to any of her answers during her confirmation hearing? You just confirmed a nincompoop.
Are you kidding? The Democrats were opposed to Devos because she is PATENTLY UNQUALIFIED. Your constituents thought so too.
how much does it cost to get John to grab his ankles?  And Clinton won, genius.  The system put in the orange buffoon.
@ATT @chase and you disregarded 90% of your people because your know better?  Are you answering your phones again yet?
I'm not the "establishment".  Not in a union. TX doesn't have them BTW. I'm your constituent.
I am certainly not an subject to union power or lobbying money, and I called your office numerous times to oppose her.
Like the money DeVos spent to buy your vote and get you to ignore innumerable constituent calls? #78722 #CanCornyn2020
Could also be her deer in the headlights routine at anything policy-related beyond vouchers. Why didn't that bother you?
Nonsense. DeVos is not qualified & bought this appointment w/ $200 mill in donations to Republicans. Reform yes. Deceit no.
I also called to oppose vouchers in TX.  I paid good money to live in a good school district.  I do not care about unions.
Senator not one of them voted for her because she is the worst possible person for the post, your voters will remember you!
Democrats didn't vote for her because she's unfit for the job.
Ha Ha! You, a BOUGHT Senator who has been paid 2 vote against our kids is sharing this!? Not too smart Sherlock #dumpcornyn
what Union Power, what money?
I'm not a member of a teacher's union, not allowed in Texas, but I still oppose her sir!!! Give me a break.
The real GOP.
No....they voted that way to ensure a public education with a qualified leader at the helm, which DeVos is not.
Is this one of those "alternative facts" y'all like so much. You know the real reason is that she is unqualified. @WSJ
I saw that you referred to those of us who contacted you about her "the establishment." How dare you! I live in your state.
The Real Republican Party: 100% corrupt and bought by interests. The enemy of the American people. DeVoss is a monster.
lol, sir, you act like Mrs. DeVos didnt fund yours and @tedcruz campaigns.  please dont act holier than thou
It might also have something to do with how ignorant of anything related to the D of Ed she appears to be. #Resist
Incompetence, lack of credentials, ignorance about education and a religious agenda are why Democrats voted against DeVos
#voteoutanygopthatvotedfordevos
Nah, pretty sure they passed on DeVos bc she's incompetent, unqualified, and ill prepared.
Texas--YOUR STATE--does not have unions and you goddamn well know it.
May God have mercy on your lying soul.
You must be kidding.  This is a ridiculous article.  You approved an unqualified BIG donor.  Money talks.  Spend wisely.
She is unbelievably unqualified!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   How dare you confirm such a person who effects our kids lives!
shame on you
Also, who's the "expert" writing this opinion piece?
5 As for the for-profit concept, worked out real well with Trump University, #educationmatters
4 " I don't want to see charter schools given a "who cares how you score" waiver"
3 "I don't want to subsidize any religious indoctrination of any sort whatsoever (a big deal for actual civic virtue)"
2 "but for two fairly astute GOP Senators, most if not the rest could be deemed Lemmings of the Trump campaign"
1 "Opposing DeVos on grounds of her stunning ignorance for so long an involvement in education could be done on the merits only"
I am ashamed to call you my senator. Why did you vote for this unqualified woman. I guess politics first, Texans second.
Devos bought your votes, you're all trained monkeys as far as I'm concerned
Agreed. Her lack of qualifications & multi-million $ contributions to GOP had nothing to do with her nomination. Your cut?
The Real Republican party; support unions in the rust belt to get elected and then call out the teachers' unions
Sen .@JohnCornyn, I had hoped that you would have joined the Rep senators that opposed her because you value experience & competence  @WSJ
She's unqualified and incompetent. She bought her nomination.
DeVos is #unqualified .  She gave a lot of $$$$$ to Republicans, hence why they supported her.
Betsy DeVos is completely unqualified and proved it during her hearings.  Your vote will hurt Texas children.
And the ads that were run in favor of her. Are you kidding me. I do not believe she is qualified.
you've proved what your priority is, now the VOTERS will show you theirs!
And believe me, she's not the only mind blowing appointee, most of them are heinous and go against what this country stands for
THIS is your take-away from the stand dems made against a wholly unqualified uber-wealthy GOP donor to lead public schools? Sad.
Wrong AGAIN. Incompetence was clearly the factor. So u really showed ur true colors voting for her. I'm thankful for dems.
Is it really that difficult to comprehend that citizens stood up for what was right because they cared about the future of edu?
She bought her seat by supporting you spinless hacks on the senate floor
Because America needs a true Labor party such as Great Britain has
This editorial is simply spinning the story to make Republicans feel justified in having approved an unqualified candidate.
you're suppose to be above certain base kinds of stupidity? Use your brain. Stop shilling! With Sen. Cronyn We are doomed!
Not to mention she is not qualified in the eyes of teachers who are in the trenches. GOP lemming that you are.
Substitute "corporations" for "unions" and you're describing the Real GOP. Unions rep working people.
You know for a fact that TX teacher unions only lobby and provide legal. Maybe the Dems actually listened to constituents
- you didn't have to be a D to be horrified by her nomination and confirmation. You should be embarrassed.
John, this is unequivocally false. Your constituents have called you and told you why she is terribke.
ur such a hack and sellout!
She's also not qualified & could not answer basic questions about the educational system.

We saw the tape ourselves, John.
How much money did Devos give you again?
nothing! @JohnCornyn and @SenTedCruz will toss Texan children under the #trumpbus for free.
In the short time I've followed you it's become clear that you only represent R's in TX.
goodness gracious this is dumb. You betrayed your citizens and worse, the children of Texas.
Union money represent millions. DeVos money you took represents DeVos. How much do I have to get you to answer your phones?
- we aren't all Democrats just because we disagree with  the travesty in DC right now
This is an opinion article.  We are all entitled to an opinion. You must fight to ensure TX education improves for all TX!
You've gotta be kidding.  Campaign donations are why so many GOP senators voted FOR her.
#votehimout2020
When will it stop being an Us vs.Them mentality and start being about what is best for your constituents?
why are McConnell and u only able to get 50 votes in Senate for DeVos????? do u need to be majority leader??
opinion pieces to support the fact you didn't listen to your constituents. Cowardly.
This article is conjecture, it's pretty scant on facts.  The people did not want her as Secretary and Dems listened.
So letting a donor w/put a clue take over & crash our PublicEd system is ok w/U?Did U run on that nonsense? #DemsRise2018
He only voted for the money and power. He's with Trump. Camps for anyone who doesn't kiss his feet!
how about your ties to the Koch Brothers? You're such a hypocrite!
that's bold talk for a fella who disallowed his constituents to leave a voicemail message on the matter.
great article. The real truth from @wsj not a bastion of conservative values.
as a constituent and an involved public school parent, I am against Betsy DeVos. No union is behind me.
This is RICH coming from a man who's on the take from corporations. #neverdevos #wewontforget
The flip side of this is that you are OK with confirming a candidate who is wholly unqualified for the position.
Spot on. Giving Americans choices for publicly funded education makes sense.
really? Maybe some of us that called you just have children we care about.
If you would've answered phone calls you would understand why we're against her but you don't care about your constituents
but no worries, we'll let you know how we feel about it when you run for reelection.  #ByeFelicia
So tired of the blame shifting. What she did in Michigan should have told you all you needed to know. Parents don't want her.
Your constituents didn't want her. Two Republicans saw through her BS and didn't vote for her. You did, so own it.
Sen. @JohnCornyn one of your strengths is that you know how complicated politics and policies are. Your tweet misrepresents you as ignorant

It's not about unions, it's about qualifications. DeVos is unqualified.
#educatorshavegoodmemories #2020
"Why is Betsy DeVos the one nominee Democrats go all out to defeat?"
Not just her. We're against incompetence in general.
TX rural schools & special needs kids r already underserved. Thanks for selling us out 4 cronyism. We won't forget in 2020.
Or could it be that teachers don't want education destroyed by having this unqualified woman in charge of our jobs?
Dems. did not vote for DeVos because they were listening to the American people. Get DeVos / big business out of education!
All you post are articles re: elected Democrats. How about speaking up for us, your actual constituents? #CountryOverParty
Devos is trash and so are the people who vote for her.
I'll take Dems & unions over GOP & Wall St thank you. #rememberin2018
Answer your phone! Why do you not want to hear from your constituents?
how money do you have to gain from this so-called Edu. secretary? The GOP is one big union- in service of people like you
Seriously? It is criminal how out of touch you are.
John, you are always deflecting. We all know you are bought and paid for by the oil industry!!
Bless your heart. I called and emailed because she's unqualified and my child is in public school. You didn't answer.
@tedcruz if you wiseguys would not have hidden from your constituents, you could have heard the outrage from us. You hid. Chumps
you have lost touch with your constituents. Not that you care.  I'm a republican & the confirmation of DeVos is tragic
I should not suggest you lost touch w/ all of your constituents...you still are in touch with the deep pocketed ones.
you seem to forget she is wholly unqualified. #2018 #voting 78610
Senator what about the millions of Americans that wrote & called opposing DeVoss. Daily you discount millions of Texans.
You wouldn't know this if you watch liberal, dishonest @CNN @NBCNews @MSNBC
Had @JohnCornyn listened to his constituents he would know this is not a party issue. She has no qualifications. #humiliating
#Texan @JohnCornyn proves he has no courage to standup to @POTUS #Bannon like other #Republicans @SenatorCollins & @lisamurkowski?
@WSJ @CNN
What about all the money DeVos/family bought @GOP with? What about that she is an awful, know-nothing candidate?
.@JohnCornyn And your constituents didn't want her because she's massively unqualified-  you ignored us. Way to put your party over country
#GOP @JohnCornyn proves #payback trumps quality by voting for a "donor" with no experience in public education?
@WSJ
#GOP @JohnCornyn ignores @POTUS #Bannon's picks aren't in interests of #Americans & not like #Bush pick #Paige?
@WSJ

could you be more of a joke?
he could be more like Cruz
he is every day
Let's talk about the Republicans and why you voted for her... $$$$$ and $$$$$
You were sent to Washington to represent your constituents. You ignored us. Looking forward to voting you OUT.
you can maybe earn my vote back if you can tell me how DeVos is able to serve the children of this nation.
You should know, John: the enemy of your enemy is not your friend. Got any family members enrolled in her programs yet?
I hope you were planning to retire because this is your last term! We don't care who donates to your campaign. You're out!
3. I also love the derision of the protests over the ed sec, instead of Treasury or Defense. Priorities-money & war; not ed
this piece is laughable. Why oppose Devos more than Mattis? One word: competence. You are a paid hack #shame #2020
Unions? In Texas? Liar and Coward.
2. How much money did DeVos pay for your vote? This is the epitome of pay for play.
we wouldn't need unions if employers practiced responsible capitalism. But they don't, for the most part. Race 2 the bottom
what a load crap. 1.If you think D's voted nay just because  of unions, you are delusional. DeVos is unqualified.
How dare you? You know Texas "teacher unions" have no bargaining power. Shame on you for trying to ignore Constituents w/ this
Wrong, again, Senator. All Dems voted FOR public schools, not corporatized charter schools. DeVos is a reprehensible choice
what alternate universe do you live in?
you voted to confirm a nominee who was obviously unqualified. You place ideology before the good of the country.
#letlizspeak. From a GOP'er until 2016 and zip code 77006
enjoy every last minute you have as senator. I promise you will NOT be reelected. Consequences to not listening to Texans!
This doesn't explain why you voted FOR her, despite her serious lack of experience.
so how much money did she contribute to you? I'm a Texan, I will hold you accountable and I'll support your challengers.
Unless I want to be a Park Ranger I don't get the job if I bring up grizzlies in the interview. Incompetence was key here.
wrong, I'm not a union. I'm a mother. I opposed her because she destroyed MI schools. Now reap what you sowed.

this is horseshit. how much did she pay YOU? http://www.latimes.com/nation/politics/trailguide/la-na-trailguide-updates-betsy-devos-hearing-donations-1484703816-htmlstory.html …

I wouldn't let this woman do a educational plan for my dog. All school going down the toilet bc of bad judgment on repubs!
If you think the Dems voted #noDevos because of "union power and money", you're really out of touch with your constituents.
True it is. Dems are run by the union. Millions.
DeVos' only qualification was that she was rich.  And she showed us that the @GOP cab absolutely be bought.
From the looks of it, you won't be honored to serve for much longer.
Not why this Texan wanted his Reps to oppose her. How much of her 200 M did your unrepresentative self get. Please stop!
And money is why 50 republicans voted for her. She's not qualified to be Sec of Ed. At least grizzly attacks will go down.
I see a Texas pattern. #wedeservebetter
how much did Devon pay you flr your vote?  Rural Texas kids are underserved. Cut Medicaid for ECI, and undo SPeD services
