I know for a FACT your office have been flooded with calls for you to block her. You just DGAF what your constituents want
Nope. Not in Texas. We want feds out schools.
you don't achieve that by just turning over the fed to an incompetent socialite
Even if that were true. It can't possibly be any worse than what we have now. Get rid of the dept altogether.
Oh it can be, and it will if they approve her nomination.
Not the issue. The federal govt has no biz in edu, nor NEA or AFT
Totally the issue. Students are not just citizens of the state they live in, but also future contributing members of society at
Reread the Constitution. Look up federalism
I hope you enjoy your last term! #noDevos
my guess is he's not planning on running again, that is helping him betray us so deeply. #noDevos
how can u day that. Kids r not learning. Change. #yesdevos
No, the Department of Education is a horrible idea. Bad results. Wasted $$s. Restricts choice.
She is beyond unqualified. She doesn’t even know about the single biggest debate in education: progress versus proficiency.
From one of your constituents, I do not support her, and I cannot fathom why anybody would. You certainly should not.
What's on trial here is a federal system that spends too much and hasn't improved scores one whit.
No argument here. But putting up a grossly unqualified candidate to fix it?
if it's FUBAR, can't hurt it. Just shut it down.
It's could be better, it's not FUBAR putting someone completely unqualified in the post is dumb.
Really? This chart and a whole bunch of parents in poor areas would disagree. Besides DOE not even constitutional.
we will remember this - it will not be forgotten. Thank you for putting party politics before the best interests of our children
I am so disappointed in your decision. You care nothing for the children of your state b
When you do that they dumb it down so it looks like everything is great when it's not.
I'm a constituent and I vote NO to DeVos. Next time I'll vote NO to you.
listen to your constituents #NoonDeVos
Noooooooooo! The email I was sent from your office was a lie then. She has no qualifications for this. We deserve better!!
With all due respect, I CAN'T WAIT to see you out of office, sir.
most rural areas have no "choice" so you want to destroy their public schools?
which is why you will be voted out in 2020
keeping your inbox full so you don't have to listen to your constituents? SAD! Shame on you.
.@JohnCornyn How much did she pay you to say that?
-So, YOU can be bought.
Noted.
And why I look forward to the opportunity to vote for your opponent next election.
This would suggest that like DeVos, you're evidently not very bright.  #NoMandate
NO! Betsy DeVos knows NOTHING about education. U R looking for support to minimize funding for special needs kids!
You support her because she gave big money to the Party. Texas schools rank  40th nationwide, you opinion has zero credibility.
I'm sorry you feel that way.  I don't see how you can believe that someone who's never set foot in a public school can lead them
and deprive the needy. Thanks for looking out for the Trump, his buddies and GOP donors.
start looking for another job. Any senator that doesn't stay true to constituents shouldn't be in office!!!
you could support someone who liked those things and also isn't completely incompetent and unqualified though
are you really a gop yes boy? Embarrassment to the district.
Or did you get a nice big Amway gift bag from her?
She has as much business being Sect of Education as Trump does being Pres.
you might know how we felt if you put your phone lines back on
I'm a Texan and I vote. You won't be getting mine in 2018.
unfortunately he is not up for reelection until 2021, but ted Cruz is out in 2018 #tedcruz @tedcruz
#RejectDeVos
you're ignoring your constituents.  We don't want her.  She will only make things worse.
your constituents (in large numbers) say otherwise.  And you ignored at your peril - 2020
Shame on you for not listening to the people you SERVE!!
shameful
MID-TERM ELECTION - 2018.  We are coming for you.
Do you listen? Do you hear us? We are the people you represent. Do you care? NO DeVos!! She's CLUELESS!
Stop mouthing platitudes and talk to us, your constituents. The people who will now make it a mission to vote you out.
no, you just spinelessly ignored your constituents for some cash. You are not a hero.
it's quite clear your constituents disagree. If you're not working for them, for us,  for whom do you vote?
NO!!!! SHE IS NOT QUALIFIED!!!!!
you have disappointed so many of your constituents this will be the end of your career in Congress
No, you support her because you're spineless and don't give two shits about our kids.  I am embarrassed that you're my senator.
don't act like you weren't always supporting her. This country will go under with brand loyalty. She's totally unqualified
and yes, I vote in Texas.
did you even talk with the educators in Texas? All principals I know oppose DeVos. You are going to provide for the rich
It is wrong to put Texas kids education in the hands of unqualified candidate!
Then kiss my vote goodbye, @JohnCornyn
Now we know you don't listen to your constituents because they have been overwhelmingly opposed to her.
That has worked so well in the past, like in Tennessee in 1925. Or the discrepancy between states.
Also DeVos is only for white, rich, straight, protestant kids. Also her history w/ disabled kids is appalling, Vote No!
Hey @JohnCornyn  as an educator, I'm required to be "highly qualified". Why would you support someone who isn't?
When schools don't pass standards, who gets scapegoated? The "unqualified" teachers. But head of DoEd? No prob.
you are not a representation of me as a Texan. She is not qualified. I will remember your stance come election time!
I'm a constituent who called your office about DeVos. This is dishonest. She only cares about certain teachers, parents, etc.
"School choice" = rich people get to choose where their children go to school, while public schools get less resources.
"School choice" only exists for those that can afford it. Which is the point, right?
1/2 Rich white people segregate schools via their own preference that their child not sit next to a child with less money.
Or a different skin color. Or a religion they don't like.
our kids education is not a partisan issue. there is no way you can justify that she is qualified. you are the swamp.
did you pay attention to any of the calls, emails, letters, faxes you received asking you to vote no???
I am so disappointed. Please listen to what your constituents want and do not vote for this unqualified woman!
as one of your constituents and as a public school teacher, it is beyond fathomable that you would vote for her.
So, what you're saying is you're putting ideology ahead of your constituents. Good luck with that come election time, champ.
You're a corrupt slave to the Republican organized crime family and profit makers at the expense of our children is why you vote
you support DeVos even though your constituents asked you not to. Guess you don't care about the people you rep. Get a new job.
unacceptable. This is not a partisan issue. This is about our children. Shame on you
This is disappointing-your decision to put party ahead of Ss & Ts has cost you my vote.
and mine as well. Awful awful awful.
so disgusted and disappointed. Unbelievable
I know-must continue to use our voice & call, email & tweet to let them know we won't back down
beyond angry.
your vote for her is disgraceful...Texas Educators will not forgive you.
Can you tell the Texas legislature that?  They seem to take away local control a little more every session.
You don't represent me or any Texan I know.  You're only interested in padding your own pockets and those of your cronies
I am a constituent and am extremely disappointed
Texas Republicans and Democrats overwhelmingly opposed the nomination of DeVos. Party over people? #midterms #constituents
She's even less qualified to be Secretary of Education than I am, John. I've at least taught in a classroom. EVER.
she's the worst to be nominated for a cabinet position ever, inexperienced and a zealot. Why do you put party before country?
Why have we put the NEA the AFT & Wash DC ahead of children w/no school choices? We need MORE experience w/this?
I like how no one can get through to your office but you tweet during the SB like a coward!
- Support someone who is OBVIOUSLY, Egregiously unqualified.  THIS is why I can't support YOU again. You voted party & not kids.
TX Voter and parent of 2 school age children, brother to TX teacher: Please don't put an unqualified GOP donor in this post.
No, with all due respect I strongly disagree with your position and with your support of #BetsyDeVos @JohnCornyn
Your voters are watching to see whether you do the right thing, or the wrong thing in your own self-interest.
you voted to legitimize plagiarism and incompetence
Please tell me how Betsy DeVos plans on relinquishing power to PUBLIC school teachers! #unqualified #leaderofPUBLICed
Shutting down the DofE would be a first good step. If you don't like being told what to do, you might be a conservative
. @JohnCornyn how many calls, letters and emails did you get from constituents asking you to vote no? And yet you still ignore us #shame
Is calling out "Shame!" at our reps who won't listen to us the new thing? If so, I support it.
I'm now going to do everything in my power to make sure you are out of office next election. Thanks for the motivation.
The blatant disregard for constituents is astounding. I expected better from Texas. Should have known!
trust our kids to TX? It's filled w/corrupt, soulless politicians like you, Abbott & Cruz!
I advocate for children with #dyslexia and other disabilities, @JohnCornyn. The Federal government needs to lead on #education #equality
Well said, @lizditz 
American children deserve a common standard.
My district has to put on bake & garage sales to fund basic arts edu @c0nc0rdance Rich district has studios & electives galore
I am very disappointed that you would support someone so unqualified.  You should be listening to your constituents!
#students with disabilities rely on Federal Oversight for IDEA Republicans have kids with disables too and we vote Family First
John, you may need to check where our great state of Texas ranks nationally before you give the state all the power.
your mailbox is full. But tweets don't fill up! 79015 in Texas says NO TO DEVOS!
all you need to do is listen to your v/m, the answers are there!  We see you sir, you have no dignity and we will have no grace.
a vote for DeVos is a vote against public schools & teachers in Texas. Try to polish it all you want.  Teachers won't forget.
don't you care what your constituents say?  She is the most unqualified person and you should be ashamed. I sure am.
honestly, grow a spine,  think of others and VOTE NO!
I hope you change your mind. All of your voicemail boxes are full. You'd be wise to listen to us.
This is wrong. Listen to your constituents who tell you #VoteNoDevos
.@JohnCornyn Perhaps, but DeVos is wholly unqualified. Your support shows you do not care about an educated Texas populace. Disgraceful.
Supporting DeVos in spite of your constituents' demands - TX doesn't need politicians who refuse to hear us!
the people who are upset must be public school people. They like to be the only choice but parents like to be in charge
As long as the charter system is held accountable both for students and the tax $ they receive, then full speed ahead.
DeVos is the worst possible choice. For the sake of our children, do this one thing correctly.
please tell me how many people called your offices to voice opposition!  LISTEN!!!!  You won't be re-elected
Texas deserves better than you.
You mean we need to relinquish the to your corporate donors. Wrong side of history Senator.
how can we have a public education system in the US when the Sec. of Ed. Doesn't believe in public education?
DeVos is not qualified for this post. She has NO experience in public education.
.@JohnCornyn waits until 30 min into #SB51 to say he's supporting #BetsyDeVos - unqualified $$$ billionaire donor buying US Edu Secretary
Clown.
also, if that is what you care about, couldn't they have found someone QUALIFIED who believes the same thing? #votehimout
Really, really disappointed that you do not value the education of the children of our nation and state.
If you really support local control, listen to the thousands of local parents and educators telling you to #DumpDevos
You are not representing Texans.  You don't even deserve the title.
I will be sure to remember your not listening to your constitutes come election time!  My child's education is worth more!
you support getting rid of public education because Texas has the worst and it's your fault.
My child is disabled and state control with a severely underfunded public education would hurt him and kids like him.
she is clueless about what goes on in the classroom.  Do you even care about the kids who will be affected or some billionaire?
- you have abandoned the children of Texas.
YOU SIR need to relinquish your Senate seat if you choose to ignore those that put you there! #dumpdevos #holdthefloor #publiced
Way to grow a spine, Cronynyn.
Anyone (including this constituent) can see that DeVos is unqualified, unless her job is to destroy public education in the US.
funny, all those teachers, parents and Students called YOU to vote against #Devos.  You ignore constituents.  We vote you OUT.
umm no
This is NOT about control. This is about kids. & teachers. & experience (or lack of). & whether public education is for sale.
Then Washington should find someone qualified to execute those goals, not just 1 w/ deep pockets. Ashamed. 75231 #2020
Please explain why you aren't listening to your constituents. Even your Rep. supporters are begging you not to support DeVos.
DeVos has shown no evidence she can help build strong schools. A vote for her is insupportable.
Party and politics over people. So disappointed in your choice to ignite your constituents.  I wish I were surprised.
Local parents, teachers, & ISDs aren't clamoring for charter schools. Politicians & companies seeking profit are. You suck.
I am incredibly disappointed in you Senator Cornyn. I will remember this decision at the polls.
This is not relinquishing power to states, parents, teachers. The wealthy will invest in for profit schools and avoid tuition.
Separation of church and state; sound familiar?
Certainly, there is someone more qualified to achieve this objective. I urge you listen to your constituents.  #VoteNoDevos
better start packing up your office. You obliviously only care for your party & not your fellow Texans. This is NOT what we need
.@JohnCornyn then I do not support you.
she's not even qualified to be dog catcher. Grow a backbone, and maybe you will salvage your legacy.
You disappoint me and the families I serve everyday. @BetsyDeVos is not qualified- period. This is not about state control.
If you feel supporting someone completely unqualified is okay, then don't blame America's children when test scores plunge.
how many constituents called you in favor of her? And how many against?
Texas needs well funded Public Schools in order to stay strong.
I agree with @mitzimoore please release your office's stats on your constituents' view of DeVos. Transparency please. Thank you.
so...you don't care what your constituents have to say? Guess you don't care cus you aren't up till 2020, but I'll file with IG
disappointing. Yet another reason that I will look for another candidate to support when you are up for reelection.
I've called you to express how important this issue is. It's horrible you support someone who has no clue about education!
No, she has no idea what to do in this position.  This isn't about relinquishing control to states This will destroy our schools
We will hold you accountable for the dismantling of this country by your party. #nocountryforoldmen
The students of the USA need someone who supports ALL public schools, not their own interests. #DumpDevos
You are trying to destroy public schools with this incompetent but VERY RICH woman who has flooded Congress with cash
I know for a fact that your constituents have been calling you about this. Devos is the wrong choice and you know it!
.@JohnCornyn You know the Trump administration isn't handing out cookies to good little boys who toe the line, right? You can only lose here
and you realize that you can do that without putting the most unqualified person in charge of those schools?
thanks for letting us know where you stand on selling out Texas public schools. Will be sure to spread the word!
Hex1 @JohnCornyn Who will make sure states are accountable? Students with #disabilities were denied ed services in Texas. We need @usedgov
I wish you'd respect the expertise of educators who urge you to vote no. Our students deserve so much better.
but even if you believe in that, Betsy DeVos is not the best person for the job. She is completely unqualified. Please vote no.
- I am a constituent opposed to Betsy DeVos.  She is unqualified for the position. I will NOT support you at the ballot box!
yes, it is your wet dream to destroy public education. #Fool
From one of your many constituents who believes this is bad for our public schools, it's not too late to change your mind.
this is a big mistake. Your constituents have said no. She is not qualified. She is buying this nomination. We will remember.
, disappointed you will sell out Texas & US public school children for political gain.
I am a public school teacher. Why must we be held to the highest standards but Betsy DeVos doesn't?
That is NOT a sufficient reason to support someone with no experience or understanding of the education system.
Hey John, Is it true you receive 3 pension checks from government agencies?
NOOOOO. She is NOT qualified and she has no place in the education system. You did NOT listen to your people. #noDevos
you are not representing your constituents, who are overwhelmingly against her as incompetent, unqualified and corrupt.
#dontpromoteincompetence #waytosupportstupidtexanstereotype #noDevos
lost my vote mr. Cornyn
Vote no for DeVos #DumpDevos
you wont get the votes next election if you dont listen to your constituents
. Shame on you for not listening to your constituents
I am one of your constituents.  I do not support Betsy DeVos.  Please rethink.
I voted 4 you & every other Republican 4 senator since I moved 2 Texas in 83. Ur support of DeVos has cost u any future support.
Disappointing!  Our children deserve better.
DeVos isn't qualified to be in charge of anything.  I will NEVER vote for you again! – at City of Splendora
please NO. Our children deserve a champion for THEM, someone who will improve public education, not gut it. Dallas voter here.
are you even listening to us??
I called and emailed your office to say DeVos is the wrong call. My daughters and Texas deserve better.
I am a Republican and I know that Devos is a horrible choice.    UNQUALIFIED
