This is getting old. Perhaps it's best to stay focused on what is happening now.
it's relevant to what's happening now, precisely because it shows how powerful the pull of bi-partisan foreign policy consensus is.
Perhaps. It feels like Trump's Syria strike has become an opportunity to bash Obama's legacy - especially for GOP lawmakers.
FWIW I meant it in the opposite way.
It came across to me the way you intended
To me also.
The president can choose his own advisors.
War, the easy answer. The disaster in Iraq taught us nothing. Most of what is happening in Sudan, Syria...because of climate change.
Nice try ODIRTSANDWICH BOT
It's not clear to me "O" had so many haters no matter what he did there was going to be a problem with it: Revised History
- Looks like it was Obama alone (with Ben Rhodes.) Everyone else thought Obama made a terrible mistake on Syria.
cc @APStylebook jeez chris
clearer and clearer? advisers?
advisers was the one that really upset me

truly your obama's katrina
Trump miss the fucking target there was not even enough damages or impact to syria by doing this strike. So nonchamge to the situation
I wasn't aware that the President entered the targeting codes. Hm.
That famous Obama-McDonough stroll... Escape from the red-line echo chamber.
@Scubadogg @xoparkbom @NickBaumann @chrislhayes
I guess I'm confused. I replied to someone saying Trump missed the target. What "red-line echo chamber" are you referring to?
Really? Not nearly enough. He must be tried war crimes.
After the fact he came up with his own justifications for why he didn't do it but the fact is that he wanted to
I'm just wondering how you accidentally hit the grass 60 times with precision missiles.
Exactly.  Politics aside isn't it strange we have HRC Rubio & CNN all aligned with Trump on this?  Makes no sense.
I'm not even entirely against action re:Assad. It's just nobody seems to be able to tell us exactly what they were aiming for/the point.
Militarily it's just symbolism with hopes of driving Assad to negotiations.
Well they failed #bigly if that were the case.
Assad has shown he doesn't deal in diplomacy.
Nothing was going on last night except helping Trump. Any  diplomacy that might be shown from Assad was to Trump .Other than that forget it
That's a separate issue. Military and intel community have been wanting a growing show of strength for years. Assad has been skating by.
Support the Syrian Democratic Forces #SDF, Kurdish-led, multi-ethnic, control 1/3 of Syria now and liberated >1M ppl
Wanna know who #SDF is? 
A Twitter Moment:  “SDF” 
There is always massive momentum for a military strike, being the brake takes more courage and strength than being the accelerator
No, being the "brake" in Obama's world means being feckless and weak and allowing tyrants to laugh at us and take advantage.
But that was productive in the Obama administration. You had smart people have cogent arguments about serious topics. That's a good thing.

Resisting? He asked congress as he was obligated to do. They of course, turned him down. Trump asked Putin, not congress.
I always knew President Obama was the smartest person in the room
He dropped 26,000 bombs in 2016 and you think that shows the clear degree to which he resisted his own advisors? He's a warmongerer too.
How you spin this to make Obama seem resistant when he was all 4 bombing Al Awlaki and his son, and went on TV to say we tortured some folks
...and not resisting them.
Well that Iran Deal wasn't gonna get itself done. Literally ANYTHING that would antagonize the Iranians was to be avoided at all costs.
So giving them nuclear capabilities to appease them is, ok? Say it's just going to be used for energy? Lol
Obama was a fricken' idiot, yes. ME countries who don't want to live under an Iranian hegemony waited 8 years for him to leave.
he wasn't resisting anyone Chris. He *wanted* to attack Syria but there was no support for it and Congress refused to give him cover.
Yet when the time for propaganda bullshit came, no hint of resistance could be found in his demeanor or words. He played his role perfectly.
History will vindicate Obama. Hell, the next 48 hours will vindicate him.
Obama is bookend'd  by morons.. He  will shine.
That's the narrative.
@BenjySarlin Well did they forget @BarackObama went to Congress like this Buffon should've done and they said NO!
Trump just used Syria to shift US focus, Syrians believe this action means US coming to help...but we're not!
They say Putin probably gas the people to help trump
Very true and the one reason why I sill have a soft spot for Obama, despite his pipelines, droning, bank bailouts and total surveillance.
Geeze. I hope you yourself never wrote about how Obama's desire to strike Syria was a mistake and then forgot. Oh
Here is where I stand on Syria: http://tv.msnbc.com/2013/09/04/chris-hayes-on-syria-here-is-where-i-stand/ …
What? Obama was bombing Syria. Obama says U.S. Will bomb ISIS in Syria, train rebels
Umm hey Chris I know you're a liberal media stooge and everything but Obamas been bombing Syria since 2014 and dropped 26000 bombs last year
Germany wants a do over.
They're trying to pin the genocide on him rather than themselves.  Since they never resigned they should shut up on this subject forever...
What does that mean?
Didn't Obama ask for Congress to approve a strike?
pffft
You are trying to find evidence to suit your narrative. Be careful please. Easy trap.
OBAMA BOMBED SYRIA OVER 7000 TIMES
or was it that Obama sought Congressinal buy in as is required by law and was resisted by obstructionist Republicans?
Truth be told, Trump is only following Obama Doctrine, "Don't do dumb shit." Good & bad is, Trump thinks everything Obama did was dumb shit.
Obama was engaging in military actions across Syria since 2014. Been meddling in Syria even longer & funding Islamist "rebels".
 
Hacked? You made a derogatory Obama statement. 
Maybe people don't quite realize the establishment they are opposing
After Trump fails, Americans will revisit this and realize the greatness of Obama.
So are you suggesting Obama didn't authorize bombings in Syria?
Not to mention that one of the cornerstones of his administration was an unprecedented amount of drone strikes
An ineffectual air strike that caused more innocents to be killed. Almost as presidential as Dubya. "Legions" of dead babies coming soon.
Situation is much different now than in 2013. Iran deal. Strength of ISIS, SDF, SAA all completely different. Amount of CW present.
Really, didn't he request approval from congress who ignored him?  It's easy to agree after the fact.
The only advisors O listened 2 was the Muslim Brotherhood, Cair, etc.
Given how they served JFK and LBJ, probably a good idea
Legacy is .... Obumma pulled the wool over all you sheep that love him.. He got the chemical weapons out off syria i hope that iran deal 
After the strike what's next. How do you save people of syria the refugees? Striking syria ? people are dying no help to save life
The urge to strike back is so primal and difficult to control.  Bask in the glory now.  There's still plenty of killin' going on regardless.
You may be on to something--  the neo con INFESTATION at State and DOD is wide and thick.   These are LATE Roman Empire Times.
You're neglecting to mention the role of congress; he requested approval to strike and they did nothing.
Yes ... one of which was named ... umm.  Began with an H.
What is your point?  Obama actually had a brain?
not enough to stop the drone party
He listened to Valerie
@Augiedamous the thing is Obama was qualified to become a Gov/Sen. he wasn't ready to be Prez and ended up causing a holocaust.
Nobody could say 100% that Assad used Sarin, it wasn't a slam dunk.
And they endorsed that when? THEN? or NOW? And, I'll remind you he did SEEK CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL...so I have to wonder who are "officials"
MSNBC host’s conspiracy theory: What if Putin planned the Syrian chemical attack to help Trump?

The media better get their act together!
Any specific names ?

How horrible, he didn't want to kill more people. Cause we haven't killed enough or taken all their oil yet
And whats wrong with that?
@BenjySarlin glad he did
Just another reason to love that man.
Trump did not want Obama to respond. Or am I missing something?
Obama wanted congressional approval. Tell the whole truth please.
GOP Congress stopt Obama from attacking syria .Now they are celebrating Trump ??
Only Puttin won . More power in syria for russia .
Or to the degree that liberal dems secretly support Trump
But Obama wenr ro congress as per the constitution and got no anwser so if his advisers wanted it so bad they should've  gone to congress
by dropping 70-80 bombs a day? Cut it with the Obama worship already.
He wanted to bomb the joint in '13. GOP stopped him.
A large flock of Hawks in both parties gathered.  Unusual in life, they do sometimes form "kettles"to take advantage of rising currents.
O was smart enough to know it did no good. Syrian dropped more bombs in the same spot today so what was accomplished?
Miss him more with the passing of each day... A steady hand in an unsteady world..
Yes, he was guilty of what's called "depraved indifference". Don't you agree?
@LukewSavage Maybe Obama shouldn't have hired so many shitty advisors.
@TVietor08 more on this on the next pod?
#PresidentObama was a lawyer he could argue both side's of the case, he knew the law, norms of International law-Laws of War, why he didn't.
Too bad. Obama could've authorized strikes that didn't disable an airfield, cost $90,000,000 and destroyed only six planes too.
He was right to resist them. Syria is a cluster f#%k. We don't even know who we're supposed to be fighting. Assad? ISIS? Russia?
what might have been a close call when Obama opted to resist those advisors was no longer a close call when DT acted from gut not brain.
That was the drag Obama and Kerry had to deal with. Astonishing how, in the wake of Iraq, neocon narrative still dominates.
So even tho in wake of '13, UN group went in to remove chem weapons (even if failure, not clr yet), bombing empty airfield is better option?
@JoeNBC Yes, America loves bombing other countries on a bi-partisan basis. Trump's approval rating should go up now.
All cheering for his pot holes! Yay! Totally ignoring the babies he's refused to save as refugees. Eff every one of them.
Pretty fkn sad who did not know the obstructionism that went on?Have to be a power hungry fk oh who republicans
And good 4 Obama on that 1. Evidence 4 claims Assad being behind attacks is missing.
Or bi-partisan pull for war and missile strikes.
Yeah because he followed Article I, Section 8, Clause 11 of the U.S. constitution. He asked Congress they said no Obama said okay.
Obama took long view so too early to tell consequences. Syria a mess since ottoman empire fell-almost 100 years ago. sykes-picot!
not getting a SOFA agreement turned out to be a huge mistake
@POTUS44 was self confident enough to have the smartest advisors and still buck them. Not arrogance but a strong moral core. Misunderstood
It's funny to see republicans discuss the spoilt milk(Obama) instead of talking about the outcome of #Trump measures. #Putin
this attack was stupid.. was spending $100m on target practice.. they did literally no serious damage.. less than an ISIS attack for $2k
Hmm so Obama knows all? How exactly is bad actors in Syria, Iran, and NoKo stronger and emboldened a positive of Obama doctrine?
I think after Iraq we were tired of it. Still are.
You cant fix a problem with just bullets .
So was Obama resisting his advisors when he went 2 Congress for authority to bomb...or is that inconsequential for this narrative?
Obama lived in his own fantasy world!
not the most important take right now, but I'll give it to you for being the only dissenting voice on the strike on @MSNBC
I miss a president who hates killing and war. Human, not dog.
Please resist the temptation to portray the staged Syria attack as normal or presidential. It is neither.
So all those people are wrong because O resistant? He lost Iraq, Libya, Yemen and Syria. .5 mil. or more bcuz he "knew better" #BOFail
Looks like Obama was the one fighting the deep state.
This AM former advisor said Obama relied on Russian assurances that all poison gas was gone.  Obama trusted Putin.  Think about that.
And that takes strength.
My Goodness Obama isn't in office any more. He was a GREAT President!  How's the investigation going on Russian ties with the current Admin?
Obama went it alone , now all those dead kids
Chris, am I correct that Obama went to Congress for approval to strike back? Or are you blaming Obama for not acting?
The only thing that will solve the middle east perpetual conflicts is ARMAGEDDON period 
NOTHING 45* or anyone does will change fate...
Guess Obama knew it'd be ineffective as a deterrent & show of strength? Syrian airfield launching again, chems prob stored at schools now
Had no congressional support!
Now we know Valerie Jarrett was really running the Obama clown show. 
Another WMD scenario, this time in reverse:
Obama lied, children died.
Speak for yourself. Many of us saw it at the time and said so. You failed in your duty.
You gave the military/intel brass a propaganda platform for 3 months straight at the end of '14 to call for "boots on the ground now."
Because he knew there was no national interest there and he had no Republican congressional support. Obama believed in rule of law.
Someone hacked this account. Clearly a person with common sense.
Fighting the military industrial complex is hard. Everyone wants glory
Obama was much more careful of the US & its people.  Supporting BS is coward's way.
Clearer and clearer to Who other than you?
Too late now. He needed consensus. Could have toppled regime in 2013. Not now. We are in bed with ISIS now.
Obama was boxed in by an apathetic electorate & a Congress of hypocritical cowards #pussygrabberinchief takes advantage of it all he can
Focus on the present pls. No congressional approval + unconstitutional act. No retaliation yet but coming as these people never forget. OMG!
You with media tell the dam truth. Trump did this without Congress approval. Next time the Nuclear weapons and North Korea is ready.
he was resisting the entire DC establishment
@SRuhle And it doesn't mean he was wrong. The ultimate decision comes down to the POTUS and not his advisors.
Trust me everyone knows you weren't bashing Obama. . That will never happen
What about the CIA knowing of Russian interference in our election and GOP ignored it? What about that?
Am I missing something? Didn't Congress shoot Obama's proposal down? Why has this turned into Bash Obama weekend? Trumps strike was a dud.
*Legions* ?
It seems unlikely that would happen in our current admin. Unlike Obama, Trump doesn't know enough to disagree with his advisors-or FOXNews.
You may want to check into that Iran deal, you insufferable sycophant
Leading from behind at home.
muppet
Congressmen who would not let Obama act, have now changed their minds. (There are at least ten who flipped.)
Glad you are finally smelling the coffee and waking up from your Obamacose!
USA don't want to send our children into War! Who's the enemy Syria or Isis? we want peace, not chemicals, missiles or ships.
Does "more clear" speak 2 US policy re other countries, e.g. Israel, Iran? Or: US is no longer "post-colonial," not even in rhetoric?
Congress refused to give President Obama the go ahead to strike  - what are you guys talking about? Engage your brains now and again.
smoke  Trump fires at  a empty base, Russia feigns rage, sends a ship 2 sit, we turn 2 Syria away from Rus/Trump story.
Didn't President Obama need Congressional approval? #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
I think Obama got it right!! He didn't want to get us into another war!! Unfortunately we still have a war going on that was needless!
They have no cojones. They know there were two different sets of rules. One for the orange marshmallow and one for the black guy.
Obama was and is a Muslim brotherhood sympathizer.
what has it accomplished 
Hey Cornyn....might wanna study before you retweet
FWIW I meant it in the opposite way.
I know you THINK he's criticizing Obama but he's actually extolling the virtue of a President with the capacity to think for himself
He's pointing that Obama wasn't weak, he was strong enough to resist internal pressure to do something he didn't want to. I should take note
False. Obama wanted to strike. Went to congress as required by constitution. Congress voted no as they obstructed him at every turn
So that feckless Syria strategy was all obama! Such a pathetic president!
He was smart what does bombing achieve?
But " forgetting" (previously known as lying ), has no consequence under GOP & 45   Sessions lied too and well 45 is the master isn't he?
Or Congress... history shows he asked for congressional approval and was denied...
Mr Hayes, your know you must be wrong when @JohnCornyn is retweeting you... Johnny never get anything right.
When the GOP/@POTUS bring up Obama, you can only be sure of either
(1) The GOP/@POTUS screwed up 
(2) The GOP/@POTUS is screwing us
Now, THAT was presidential!
one of Obama's more impressive moves for sure
@juliamacfarlane AIPAC Israel 1st Kushner had @POTUS attack #Syria 4 Israel Lobby agenda: http://america-hijacked.com/2012/02/12/israel-lobby-pushes-for-us-action-against-the-syrian-government/ … #FireKushner
the dude who was okay with drone striking civilians at weddings even thought this was stupid and bad
what line can't we sprint across?
Duh.
@JoeNBC What's clear is how weak, stupid and Anti American BO was/is.
Is this the first statement that actually has some thought from you?
@JoeNBC where was Congress decisive action during this time
yep. save to say that his reluctance to let US engage in Syria was Obama's only, but quite serious policy mistake.
I don't think that's necessarily true. The strike is the logical extension of breaking the agreement.
Yes, he resisted HRC and Robert Gates.
Chris you've been critical of Pres Obama for drones etc. 2hear tht his admin wntd more is sad Even Dems like wars feeln big etc
Which still doesn't make it wrong. As the future will prove.
How has Russia's involvement in Syria changed during the Trump admin? Isn't the situation more complex than you want it to seem?
Not sure that's right! Obama was damned if he did & damned if he didn't! Legal analysis of int/dom law will prob find action questionable!
You're just figuring that out?
big difference from Trump is that Obama has the ability to think.
A quick limited strike was the best move.  Dosent put Assad out of power, where the cure would likely be worse than the disease.
you cant be the strongest guy in the neigbourhood & just watch while other bullies cause havoc!
we supported (and still) to this day but unfortunately during his time it was proven the US cant just isolate itself!
If true then Obama just went up several notches in my book.
His advisors didn't have to pay the political cost of a being a Democrat who orders a military strike.
Where were all the supporters of an attack against Syria in 2013?
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Authorization_for_the_Use_of_Military_Force_Against_the_Government_of_Syria_to_Respond_to_Use_of_Chemical_Weapons …
Respectfully disagree...you sound like JFK loyalists who still insist he would have left Vietnam....Hindsight Hagiography...
Mr. Hayes who R these legions of the Obama officials that U speak of?
excellent point. On this issue Obama disappointed me.
@LOLGOP umm, what? Obama asked for authority to do so from Congress & was denied. Of course they (and he) WANTED to.
