Why commit your vote before reading the emails that have yet to be evaluated? Please value educated decision. From 78336
Oh Rebecca, you silly goose. That would require him to actually care about anyone besides his party.
I don't.
We have the fucking Internet now. That means anyone can reply to you on the Internet and disagree with you
look kid, I'm sure you consider yourself a brainiac amongst your peers; go find one of them to gibber-jabber at. #mensa 
Rather, I'm going to go help build the wall
except when controlling a woman's body or immigrant rights or Black Lives or the LGBT comm. Then you're all for regulations.
Monster. I hope someone pours oil into your drinking water so you can understand why environmental regulation is necessary
Why? Are you bragging that you are owned by the extraction industry too?
I hope you can eat your money when we run out of finite natural resources. I am truly disgusted.
What's out of control is GOP allegiance to corporations at  expense of the environment. Do they care about their own children?
there’s a difference between regulation and denial of science. Dismissing one in the interest of the other is unacceptable
How can you be proud of choosing supporting greedy corruption over the future of the Planet? Nothing to be proud of.
Wouldn't brag about it. We don't care if we have oil and other chemicals in our water
Another bad decision by a weak-willed non-leader. You are not fit to serve
Very unhappy with this vote. I will do my part to stay involved and bring forward the topics that my family cares about.
by the time you guys are done we will have the same air quality as China
Proud to vote against you come next election.
we set to import some Oklahoma fracking earthquakes now?
Man-made climate change is real. Pruitt & Trump are a disgrace.
Fact: Scott Pruitt is bought and paid for by industrial interests seeking loose rules on pollutants http://buff.ly/2kTLdpY 
How are you going to preserve the environment for our grandchildren?
You are not my senator. You have blindly become a member of the swamp -yes man to a tyrant.
You don't care about regulation. You care about Exxon. Can't wait to vote you out. #afraidofconsituents
#shame #notmysenator #GregAbbottIsAHorriblePerson
and the people are unable to breathe because the chemical companies have polluted the air.
you would be! You will be jobless soon, thankfully
your spell checker is out of control
Have you looked at Scott Pruitt's record?  Get the FOIA records he has been illegally withholding from the public!
he is a disastrous appointment and history will confirm that.
Very disappointed in this vote. You didn't represent me!
Are you kidding me? Elect the man who sued the EPA and wants to destroy it? WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?
Tell us your thoughts on investigating Trump and Russian connection.  Let’s do a town hall!  C'mon, John: you represent US.
it is time for you to be replaced.
Just about EVERY single response is negative! That's got to tell you something. Majority rules! BAD GUY!
Happy cancer!
Your children and grandchildren will hate you for voting in a person who will ruin their environment.
yeah, screw clean air and water - tax cuts, I tell ya!!
All the people in Houston living next to refineries appreciate your disregard for their clean air and water.
Why r you so intent on eliminating clean water, air & energy, public lands and endangered animals?
clean air and water are for snowflake libtards! I LIKE petrochemicals in my tea. Adds sweetness without the calories!
Can't wait until you are OUT during your next primary or even during Nov!! EPA SAVES US, the regs are needed. We can breathe now
It's corrupt and unqualified candidates like this one that causes such delay in appointments.  Next weeks emails might oust.
Ashamed to have you as senator; Republican science denial is out of control.

Also, you're a shit-goblin.
you remember how you couldn't see downtown LA through the smog? EPA fixed that.
every time i read this i want to thump ur ear for being stooopid. I know u drank the koolaide but seriously!? U vited 4 pruitt?!
didn't know that Proud was synonymous with blind! Can you at least try to care and listen to your constituents?!
Why is clean water and air something you don’t care about?
proud to contaminate the air and water for money?
.@JohnCornyn When your Senator voted for Betsy DeVos you get tweets like this.
so you're not concerned abt his interference in botched execution or his cut/paste from oil/gas companies onto OK docs? I VOTE 2
your view of dereg for coal is abominable - are jobs worth making our kids sick? coal is out anyways - tx, look to wind SA 78240
no Planet no need for money
so you're proud to break the thing that protects the people some corporations
boo. Don't regulate my body!
only one #blueplanet we better protect it.. ask #NASA,  ask your heroic astronauts...... #EPA #climatechange -  bigger picture
Shame on you for this vote.  You will answer to the people for your shameless pandering to @realDonaldTrump
*of
Sad to hear this, sir. You breathe the same air & drink the same water as the rest of us, & the regulations protect us.
Damn it! Another one infected by Devos! "off"
and who is looking out for our air and water)m?
you will be voted out. Again and again you forget who you work for!!
Out "off" control?? Like global warming??
The fact that u r proud to have someone in the oil companies pocket will definitely cause you to lose votes. Out in < 4 yrs.
- really need a #TownHall becuz we don't want the laws or people ur voting for. #uworkforus not the #GOP
Can you please explain what "out of control" Washington regulation means?
May the Planet weigh heavy on your soul.
you should care more about the environment!!!
apparently you are brain-less !!!. Only fools and paid stooges mindlessly consider all regulations bad.
I prefer my children breathe clean air and drink clean water.  Thanks.
Pruitt protects #BigOil NOT the people!!! Please explain to me HOW you can support Pruitt??? We deserve an answer!
How can u vote yes 2 this guy? Fracking caused record breaking earthquakes in OK & he DID nothing!!! NOTHING 2 protect citizens!
I'm sickened that u r proud of voting 4 Fracking Earthquake King Pruitt. Washington IS out of control, but NOT bc of regulations
as is the senate and house,term limits. Now
Do you actually have any care for what world you will be leaving to younger generations? I guess you prefer $, guns, and big oil
Good bye to clean water and breathable air...
Wow shocking you agree with every Trump appointee
is that concern from constituents or from your party??? I don't know anyone from 78539 and 78504 that feels that way!!!
- do you remember arsenic in the ground water in the Bryan?College Station area? I do. Why no town hall? Coward
Because fuck our planet, right? Who cares about clean air and water when what matters is MONEY.
the EPA serves to ensure our progeny have a planet to inherit from us.  Look to the future rather than your donors' bank accts.
You realize EPA "regulations" are protections for people/wildlife against being poisoned, right? Why are you celebrating?
What makes you think that the voters represent wanted you to vote to confirm Pruitt? You're incompetent AND malicious.-78666
out of control is right, no votes for you,
At what point do you put America ahead of GOP Party?
Remember Senator, you are the target of an organized, professional social media astroturf hit w/#FakeAccounts on Twitter.
cause REAL AMERICANS dgaf about protecting their environment! It's our land and we'll poison it if we want!
Great! You just approved an opponent of the EPA to run the EPA. Obviously not considering the health & welfare of Americans.
Very disappointed with you. But this is par for the course. We need to protect our environment, Pruitt is anti-EPA!
thank you for contributing to polluting our environment. Just wait til everyone is sick from your mistake!
proud to stand back while we destroy the planet, you mean.  What will you tell your grandchildren?
plus. If government regulation is out of control quit trying to tell women what to do with their bodies
aren't you Christian? You don't think  taking care of this earth that "god" gave us is important? Or do you worship money more?
of course you are proud to vote against clean water and clean air. How much are thy paying you?
You should be ashamed. Pruitt has no business leading EPA. Received $300,000 in donations from fossil fuel industry. 77520
You support poisoned streams and rivers and propping up a dying industry with tax dollars?
yep - it takes a lot of regulations to protect the environment and lives. Good thing your benefactors will benefit now.
You won't be after what happens once he is in head position . Risking so many people's lives with this vote.
I am ashamed of you!  And for you!  Let's at least see what is in the emails.
sad u want to remove rules that protect  environment. Once ruined, will never be the same. Why do Repubs hate the environment?
do you not understand science or is this out of malice? When will we get our town halls?? #FactsMatter #climatechangeisreal
.@JohnCornyn why are you proud to support someone who will make Dallas's air quality worse? It's already bad. Texans want clean air & water.
#DISAGREE #MoralIndifference is out of control. I would like to discuss that at a #TownHall. We can talk #EPA too.
you're not paying attention.  We don't want Pruitt, he will destroy the EPA and do further damage to the environment.
did you ever consider that clean water and clean air is because of the success of the EPA, not an issue with it?
I hope you are proud to stand for anti-clean water and anti-clean air, because that's what your vote means.
Now we need to work to abolish the EPA.
Then you've chosen 2 protect polluters instead of health of millions of Texans. I'll be proud to vote for your opponent in 2020.
do you not want clean water and air? Does a river need to catch fire to get your attention?
We demand a town hall! #TownHall #HearOurVoices #Democracy #GodBlessTheEPA
We of the 10th dist. (78759) will remember your choice to vote for an eco-terrorist like #Pruitt. Chat about it at a townhall?
so you want to kill the planet because this is ultimately what you are doing. And this killing off inhabitants.
EPA itself has said they don't want Pruitt. There's also an email issue that I remember you guys being so concerned about before
MISTAKE!!!  Just going to blindly vote him in b/c you only side on party lines, not for the general welfare of Texans.
no we just don't want dirty water, pollution, and the destruction of our parks. We need nature not the destruction of it
why would you vote for a man that does not care about our future? You've lost my support completely.
as a Texas hobby fisherman and general outdoorsman - Pruitt couldn't be any worse of a choice Senator Cornyn.
I had no idea until recently how completely out of touch you are
yeah, who cares @ environment. Let waste go into rivers which lead to open waterways. Should read emails first. But party first!
Making America Flint again.
no Scott Pruitt represents industries out of control with the result dirty air and water!
- Yeah, it's only air and water, nothing important.
Not proud you represent me in Washington.
i'm a constituent and i asked you to vote against him
Support the ESA. Support the  EPA. Less regs?  Control a woman's body, immigrant rights, LGBT? You're all for those regulations.
Please reconsider - Keep Texas Beautiful!!! Our children deserve better! (TX voter here, still waiting on a town hall btw)
please : you have no pride or backbone or the ability to think for yourself. Party before country is what you are
VOTE NO. I have not been able to leave a voicemail this week. You R not representing your constituents. Just like #DeVosvote
you, sir, are out of control & not voting for your constituents. VOTE NO to SCOTT PRUITT!
please reconsider!
. Vote NO. This man acted unethically and will do harm. I am not a paid protester. I AM a highly concerned constituent.
Hey we are allowed guns GOP is going to steal my SS but I can I have a gun
No I do not own a gun.My point is GOP wants to steal My SS the only thing they allow you to have is guns
please elaborate.
this is a mistake. You should at least consider all the facts - read Pruitt's emails! Voter from 78722
OK Earthquake's emails as a Kochsucker & w/SexyRexyExxy hit the news next week, OK judge won't protect the shill any more.
Please do not vote until you review the FOI docs. (I can't believe I'm having to beg my senator to vet an appointee properly.)
you are not serving your constituents with this vote. Therefore, you won't get ours in your next election.  Vote No!
Taking care of our planet is a non partisan issue. #NoToPruitt#EPAMatters
That is horrifying! You have children. How about voting for their future and the future of this planet? Good god man!
He may do good 
#Trump is clueless it's been 30 days of #ComedyHour
TX needs EPA. Caddo lake has been polluted & TCEQ has been hamstrung by Abbott. We need EPA oversight to save the lake.
Dude, please proof read your tweets. You're embarrassing us Texans and your Fake President.
It's one thing to deregulate, but another thing to dismantle and distroy. EPA protects HUMAN LIFE too!
#typo along with an insane statement. What about your constituents who want to protect the environment? Hm? #captainplanet
You mean the crook? Why follow blindly? Judge in Ok is making him release 3000 pgs emails w/oil companies. U must b crook too
because of people like you and your mind set is why we need regulation so that there is an earth for the next generation
those of us who want clean air/water will be proud to vote you and Cruz out If you haven't let Trump destroy the world by then.
reelection date Nov 3, 2020.  My calendar is marked.
you're proud to vote for someone who denies basic facts and wants to dissolve the very agency he leads? Sad.
Do you appreciate breathing and drinking water?
Please listen to your constituents not big companies!!
we live here, breathe the air, drink the water, and enjoy the wildlife
why not have all info before making a decision.  Facts matter!
I am a constituent asking you to reconsider and vote no. 75204
can you even spell
hope you are ready to retire soon. Bc you will be voted out.
Senator, you need to distance yourself from Trump and his toxic policies. The GOP is better than this.
Senator, come to your senses. Pruitt is objectively awful. Dont put an arsonist in charge of the Fire Dept
no way! Pruitt denies basic science behind climate change. Vote for our environment! Not all regulations are bad
trai·tor\ˈtrā-tər\noun
a person not loyal to his own country. A person betrays country of people by help or support an enemy
you continue to go against your constituents with bad decisions...your out of control
U see environmental protection as a threat, when you should see it as an opportunity for U.S. to do what it does best, innovate.
let's read his emails first. They come out on Tuesday.
yet another bad decision.
do you hate our children?  You support people who will destroy their futures. My husband and I will vote against you in 2020.
Thats wrong. I stand for strong EPA. Too much irreversible damage to our ecosystem already happened. #DontMessWithEarth
you don't seem to understand there's no bubble for you to hide in once the feces hits the fan and the plant is dead.
you'll be regretting vote in 5 days as 30K pages of @ScottPruittOK ties to big oil go public. #FactsMatter #russiagate #SaveUSA
