Kindly remove the bullshit then and let ALL voices heard. Particularly the ones you disagree with.
RIGHT!? Our gov't is the World's party joke. I cringe waiting to see what stunt they pull next.
cringing with you. This was supposed to make America great?
You should be ashamed for your lack of respect for women.  This is not the 1950s and we do not have to take it.
the senator will take his seat...
you know what it's also not? A place that respects women. #wewillrise
She was reading a historic letter. Evidence. You did nothing when four men read same letter.
Hey Senator - your chauvinist white man ego is showing.
you may think you shut up the little ladies when you stifle E Warren. We are millions and we will remember you and your ilk
And nevertheless, she persisted. #letlizspeak
It's interesting that the male Senators who read the letters weren't mud wrestlling. Seperate standards
I was unaware that Coretta Scott King was mud.
How are Coretta S. King's words the same thing as mud wresting?
Have you even seen a mud wrestling ring or a food fight?
This was a disgrace! An absolute show of disrespect, yet you expect the same respect back. What is wrong with you?
This Texas voter will remember Sen. Cornyn's sexism and bullying on election day.
Tell me, then, why white men were allowed to read THE SAME LETTER while she was not. Your sexism is staggering.
You've been slinging mud about your constituents who cared about education. Shane on you
but Ted Cruz reading Green Eggs and Ham is ok...??
again the hearing was for Nominee Jeff Sessions, not Senator Jeff Sessions.
no its a place for unethical liars like the Rethugs I don't live in TX but your opponent will be getting a donation BIGLY
What's the fucking point of a debate if she can't make arguments against? I guess logic isn't the #GOP strength
answer your phone - speak to your constituents. See what they have to say instead of donors
David duke approves the sessions appt- congrats- you voted a racist to be AG. You are a coward
#answeryourphone so I can tell you about my communities plans to unseat you. U have done nothing for us. #persist
I've never been mud wrestling-- does it often involve reciting letters from civil rights icons? #ShePersisted
Lol...no it usually involved half naked women
what an honor to be in such company. Or not. #lostsoulscluv
Another old, white male sexist hypocrite. Enjoy your little power trip because you're on your last legs.
Reading a letter submitted as congressional testimony by a leading civil rights advocate = mud wrestling? #resist
and you sir are failing your constituents by not acting independently of a bullying president
you're deplorable.
in your filthy old man dreams.
No it's a cesspool of traitors
Condescending to @SenWarren by comparing reading of King's words 2 mud wrestling? WE CAN HEAR U, sir #ShePersisted
Do persistent women bother you? Don't worry, you've only got 1,363 days left until we relieve you of your duties. #ShePersisted
Let us call a spade a spade.This had nothing to do w/ decorum. You silenced opposition. You crushed our democracy.
- no, just a good old boys' club ...
you should be embarrassed to side with this kind of  misogynistic attitude from McConnell, but I know you aren't
many people are critical of 45 & his staff because they are divisive and wholey unqualified. #listentoyourconstituents
nope, it's a place where woman are treated like dung by misogynistic old men. Term limits now!
The GOP wrought this mess and the GOP will reap what it sows.
if you had legitimate concerns about a candidate who was a senator, what would you do to voice that concern?
And she was wrong. What an idiot.
ridiculous statement. statement of Mrs King re nominee shld be allowed. Rule was meant to avoid fights etc in Sen
@SenWarren in 2017 a bunch of old white men are still afraid of a powerful woman that won't bend to their will.
I'd rather it be mud than the steaming piles of horse crap you keep throwing on the American people.
The only misbehavior present was the obvious disrespect shown to Warren by Republican Senators. #shepersisted
your party is the one racing to the bottom in terms of decorum, rhetoric & how we treat one another. Try rebuking Trump!
Really - because the amount of money handed out 2 u & ur colleagues for votes feels like PPV(pay-per-vote)
How low can the GOP go.  Suckling putin. Letting white supremacists run the WH.  shackling a womens right to speak
following your orange dicktater.  You are not even a pimple on warrens backside.
You have no ethics or morals or brains
news to me.
Hasn't Cornyn been slinging mud for the past 8 years? He must have a very short memory.
Spare us your fake propriety. You did nothing but obstruct Obama for 8 years. Now you can learn to take it.
I noticed no one objected to the male democratic senators reading the letter.  She just needed to shut up, right?
Civil discourse is not "mud wrestling."  Are you too sensitive to hear a historic letter?
. @JohnCornyn @HoustonChron do you even realize how sexist that reference is? Apparently not. Disgusting.
@DiazChron They only silenced the woman. Voters will remember.
Why are threatened by someone who uses their brain to point out why Sessions is a terrible person?
(1)once again you disappoint. Hypocrisy- show respect to a misogynistic bully behaving like a child.
(2)criticizes some one standing on principles - is more than we can say for you. You've shown your worth 27mill
I am embarrassed to be represented by you
But it’s OK for Cruz to call your leader a liar on the floor?
what a misguided and misogynistic thing to say. Shame.
Will you join in & call for a rebuke of sleazy weasel @tedcruz for saying Dems are the party of the KKK?
mud wrestling? Leave it to you to keep it classy.
why let men read it and not her?
We CAN all do better. And we will in Texas in 2018 (Cruz) and 2020 (that would be you).
Control in the Senate maybe, but what is happening in the streets across America is left out of the debate
Can't wait for the backlash on you guys.
Are you sure about that.
So disappointed in you.
Misogyny is so passe Senator.  Blatant misogyny was evidenced last night.  Cruz out in 2018 and you will be next.
Coulda fooled me, the way all you GOPers are bought & sold like livestock at the worlds biggest 4H show. Disgrace!
It is when you're dealing with a bunch of pigs.
you and @tedcruz voted for a Secretary of Education who is going to ruin the education of the future
you should consider listening to your constituents. Your rhetoric here is wrOng in a bigly way.
funny way of showing it. You've been obstructionist and cruel for 8 years
I am so appalled. I want to spit in his face.
How would you like for someone to treat your wife with such disrespect?
When a man is condescending to a woman...you wish you had half her integrity #LetLizTalk
How dare you speak to a woman in this manner.
It's not a "mud wrestling ring", it's just sexist and passive aggressive on one side.  Your side, Senator.
you should learn how to represent..when did you join DJT as a misogynist?
you put Party before country, shameful.
I am a constituent and I am proud of my Senator. This madness must stop!
disgusting!!! Equality matters! Your behavior is misogynistic!
suppressing speech is ridiculous, especially when it is a recitation of facts from a civil rights champion-you are morally wrong
"U.S. Senate not a 'mud wrestling ring'" Nope, you republiCONs made it a swamp with your greed and bogus values.
Is this the new cast of the Walking Dead?
Oh look.  Cornyn's hypocrisy showed up at the end.
Except Sen, you seem to have forgotten the past 8 years & @GOP "mud wrestling" directed at @POTUS44. Shameful
your arrogant, disrespectful, and extremely unprofessional misogynist comment belies your statement. grow up.
You are a hypocrite, sir, have you ever rebuked your Repub Senators for their comments?
No, it's a money-grubbing, ass-covering cabal.
LOL, brings the hose, makes the mud, makes a rule against talking about the mud. What a joke.
if you had a shred of honor or integrity your tweet might carry weight. #CornynFailedTexas #ReplaceCornyn
please wake up. Our country is loosing liberty.
#votehimout2020
well McConnell started it by being so disrespectful towards Warren and Coretta Scott King
and apparently they will follow lock and step with his beyond manic bidding.  As long as they get what they want..
Somebody wants to shut up Senator @SenWarren badly.  I wonder who?  Their boss?  He does a thing for revenge.
Aww what's the matter? Can't handle it when a woman won't back back down to you and your misogynistic cronies? Sad.
Looks like a menacing photo of men bullying a woman. I heard no public rebuke of male senators who read the letter
Sen Jeff Merkley read the same letter & wasn't silenced. We know your feelings about women  & it's mutual
sir, please resign. You're an embarrassment
you are the swamp
God forbid we listen to criticism of a cabinet member.
What you & @SenateGOP did to @SenWarren was reprehensible. #Shepersisted and so will we, to make sure this is your last Sen term
.@JohnCornyn @HoustonChron  You are not representing us, your constituents, so why are you there?  Who ARE you representing?
Remember this the next time you're tempted to sling mud.
Senator Cornyn is the one that needs to come to his senses.
The massive amounts of calls to your office are from your EMPLOYERS. YOU work US. We don't want DeVos or Sessions
@SenateGOP @SenateDems You have woke the sleeping gaint.  #womansmarch #theother50% #ladiesrun2018
Can you say #misogyny and #censorship Women WILL NOT shut up b/c you want us to! 
and, like, did you get my fax? Your vms were full again
so what about your coworker @SenTedCruz ? Is he exempt?
Seems to be a cesspool since 1-20-17 with @GOP sellout of US democracy
It is not okay to enact a rule for one Senator but not the other especially the lady is told to sit down #girlrule
That statement is a load of malarkey Sen. Cornyn, and You Know It!!!
Hypocrisy at it's finest.
please.   The GOP just can't Handle the truth.  You don't want to be PC but get all wimpy when it's thown at u
hypocrite much?
Honestly, Senator,  an over 100 years old rule that McConnell pulled out of his butt was an appropriate response?
shame on you
If we are to properly consider Mr Sessions qualifications we must be able to mention that he is a racist. @JohnCornyn @HoustonChron
I will persist in contacting you until you respond to constituents.
You're right.  Senate's more like a pig sty.  Countdown to 11/03/2020.
Glad 2 hear your priorities are straight: Keep women (even civ rights icons) silent. #nastywoman #readyfor2020
Not a mud ring,then calling Sen. Warren "Little Lady" had no mud attached ?She deserves as you do to be respected, apologize Sir
Because the GOP stands for civility and dignified behaviour 
ICYMI...@jeffsessions is a rascist who will not prosecute our president's unconstitutional activities #Rosneft
There r plenty of examples of inappropriate behavior on the part of our pres, but u certainly don't call that out.
but Cruz yelling liar is okay with you? You have misplaced priorities.
Agreed Sen. One Q? Does TX need a law forbidding foreign laws like AK leg has done? Asked Abbott-no response yet.
So to be clear, you're okay with the pres bragging about sexual assault, but widow King's letter is over the line?
As long as you and your GOP brethren continue to abuse our civil rights to serve your own agendas, I think we'll keep fighting.
keep up the wk, stay on offense, take no prisoners, stop playing defense. fire McConnell if he is not up to battle
The Senate republicans are certainly wearing their share of mud.  Wallowing. Throwing. Stop the shit, get to work
I can't wait for the 2020 election results when you are finally voted out of office. You are MORALLY CORRUPT!!
You got some damn nerve accusing Dems of slinging mud. Repubs have turned it into an art form. SHAME ON YOU!!
Stop telling women to be silent. You are on the wrong side of history. Your votes and views are noted, sir. Sad.
oh get down off your high horse Big John before you hurt your head
is someone tweeting for you subversively or something? I'm continually astounded at how tone-deaf your tweets are.
in the most sincere way, delete your account, Senator.
you're flying that racist flag pretty strongly Senator. Wish you'd dial it back a bit for us at home in Texas.
well it's black history month so they feel unappreciated. Bless their bigoted hearts
.@JohnCornyn the words of ms. coretta scott king are hardly mud, and you should know you soggy clod of dirt
How dare you stop @SenWarren from speaking. Afraid of the truth? Trump won the electoral college but not  the popular vote!!!
Rosa Parks "She was warned. She was given an explanation. Nevertheless, she persisted."
you left out the part about calling her "little lady"
.@JohnCornyn @HoustonChron Riddle: How do you make those @womensmarch crowds even larger? Apply a little old, white guy patronize move.
funny how you still have no excuse for Cruz's actions two years ago and no problem letting Bernie read it. Feckless. 75082
so enforce rules fairly and consistently.
Can you school our new president on civility too?
Congress is charged w reconciling our many points of view on the public policy issues of the day not bullying or selling votes
You have a lot of gall saying that people will have to learn to be civil when POTUS is tweeting insults to judges
Even my 92 yr old republican father said he'll vote down ballot democrat next time. He's seen error of your ways.
It was not about mud wrestling it was all about Senate RULES but then you don't understand that do you....
I used to respectfully disagree with you. Now I will work every day to see your party out of power. Country over party.
The sexism and cowardice involved in this rebuke is unsurprising but revolting. You should be ashamed of yourself.
YOU HAVE NO INTEGRITY GOP gang = Liars and Thieves U only serve Ur agenda not the ppl so #STFU #TheResistance 
wow, sexist much?
conflating the words of Corretta Scott King with "mud" is a truly unfortunate way to honor Black History Month.
Speaking out against racism isn't inappropriate, it is vitally necessary in our government.
I hope Trump does ruin your career. It would be the first thing he does I will approve of.
if you don't like unsavory statements, perhaps don't try to appoint a known #racist to the position of AG. #resist
those words were from 2 mighty powerful people that had you spoken them would have been fine. "Mud wrestling"?
when will the south realize they have been robbed for yrs on the mantra of "Freedom".
I am disgusted by the treatment of Senator Warren by her colleagues in Congress. Your lack of respect is appalling.
