So a person making 15,000/year can get a plan with a 7,000 deductible. Great!
Lol. Uhhh, that's literally what we have now under ObamaCare. Like, literally. I know a guy who makes 21k/year & has a 9,000 deductible.
9000 deductibles not legal for an individual. Is that for a family?
No, it's for an individual. So obviously, it's legal.
A single person making 21,000 in Indiana can ge a plan with a $450 deductible for 98$ a month under Obamacare.
Sure, if you want a $98.00 monthly premium. 

(See how you're making my point for me?)
Ok. Just saying they didn't have to choose a high deductible. And the senate plan will make deductibles & premiums go up
If it is going to do the same thing, why not improve ACA and not the wheel?  Because ACHA is just a big tax credit for the rich!
Not at all helpful for the working poor that owe no taxes. But you know that.
Not overlooked-deliberately suppressed is more like it! Buried under the spin and lies to the contrary
If you really cared you would be trying to lower overall medical care costs.  Pricing transparency would be a start.
Will the tax credits be adequate to purchase equivalent coverage? I think not. Please confirm.
All you care about are the lobbyist that line your pockets.
How is a tax credit in April going to help me pay my insurance premiums in October?
Each of Trump kids gets a 2 billon dollar tax rebate The Koch Brothers get 3 billion tax rebate ,How much is your tax rebate
It's amazing @GOP can get in front of a camera and lie to their constituent's faces. This bill is horrendous and they all know it. #Liars
They do not have the guts to shows us there healthcare they made a deal to keep with out caps
What I find interesting is that with 100 Senators, staffers for each, and experts everywhere that this bill is what they settled on...
They knew what they were doing getting there selfs and there donor big tax breaks
what good is a tax credit if you dont have any income?
Vote no.
Tax credit do no good for someone with low or no income.  What don't you get about that?
You assume lower & mid-class  can afford to pay upfront and wait for tax credit.
But with no mandate lots won't. This driving up cost for the rest of us. Honestly, what are y'all thinking?!
Vote NO constituent 78230.
Enquiring minds would like to know?  At the same rate as the 1%, Pharms, Insur?
You should be ashamed of yourself.
Your campaign donor buds aren't telling you whole story, John.
"attenuate the US opioid crisis is not part of the agenda of the health insurance industry"
https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4370920/ …
No it doesn't.  Do you need it explained to you?
what good are tax credits to the 23 mil thrown off Medicaid so you can give wealthy a $800 billion tax break?
This is not a tax break for the wealthy. It's taxes on the middle class & jobs.
Middle class 2 pay more if they use safety net programs or have employer based insur & both will have < coverage
Middle class already paying more. But have no medical care. Too much for medicaid & not enough to pay high costs.
costs=high due to GOP sabotage. If all States participated/congress paid insur support costs would  for all
Working poor would  still have to choose between medical services and eating.
All the experts disagree with you.
Bullshit. Lying to get your deathbill passed is evil.
You will never do anything productive in this area unless it benefits the insurance companies and pharma.
John, listen 2 the medical/hospital groups that have spoken out against the bill. You need a do over. Trumpcare is worse than obamacare!
Meanwhile Pres. wants all of our voting records. Texans not okay with that.
Teachers can't even  afford your tax credit. It takes cash upfront for services. Health vs. rent.
Lol. Pay first before you get any help. GOP totally out of touch with America. America, the GOP does not, I repeat, don't GAF about you.
No amount of tax credits can offset an emergency room bill.  LIES.  Serve your constituents, not the 1%. This bill is #DeadWrong.
What y'all need to do is explain the bill? Or do you think you're too good for that?
News flash Sen.  1/2 of nothing is STILL nothing...even in Texas.  #HealthcareBill
Quit putting lipstick on this pig that kills.  Enough of your BS.
AARP says this is a bad deal for older Americans, are you calling them liars?
Ridiculous
Tax credits don't help people who are too poor to owe taxes.  You know better. Shame on you for cutting resources for the most vulnerable
Why for the poor get all the breaks?  The ones who really need help can't get any. The working poor get shafted along with the middle class.
I'm referring to the poor and the middle class.  Insurance is prohibitively expensive for almost everyone these days.
Not nearly as affordable as Medicaid though, and people in poverty don't have money to pay huge deductibles they didn't face on Medicaid.
As a leukemia patient i didn't have a lot of taxes to pay (or get credited), cause, you know, I was struggling to live, unable to walk...
Either you're *supremely* ignorant of the reality of prices, or you're a liar. Nothing makes up from the deep Medicaid cuts.
Why is your interpretation of #Medicaid so different from @SenatorCollins? #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare
.@SenatorCollins to @GStephanopoulos: "The Senate bill is going to have more impact on the Medicaid program than even the House bill." 
Bad idea. Medicaid already gives them that.
JC u r wrong again, tax credits don't help poor ppl who don't pay fed taxes, duh! #GOPkills #NoBCRA #2020iscoming #resignifuh8DCsomuch
We've got to get this hypocrite out of office. Texas please vote him out.
You don't have a clue what it take to survive and your affordable is a joke.
Blatant lie.
Those tax credits are less and will not cover my RA infusions alone. My insurance would be more than SS. You want people to die.
Subsidies are subsidies, no matter how you slice it. Govt assistance only for those who truely need it.
You know this isn't true.  Low income Americans can't afford coverage with lousy tax credit at end of year.  #OutOfTouchWithReality
Such a lie. Low and middle income get squat as usual. Have to make 250k to get a break. Cutting Medicaid devastated poor, disabled, SENIORS
You must mean middle class, not working poor. No taxes paid means no tax credit means no insurance. Single payer saves gov money bigly
If you are too poor 2 pay taxes, this does nothing. Disingenuous, Johnnie! No caps, no pre existing conditions. Single payer saves gov money
Stop lying!!
Hmm food, rent or health insurance?
Tax credits? That doesn't help.
While 23 million Americans die and Billionaries all get that much needed tax break in order to create more jobs...wait nope
Prices will rise for worse coverage!
This is what I would write if I wanted to induce an individual market death spiral
All experts say this will make premiums deductibles items covered it also makes actuarial value fall beneath the WORST ACA option
How do you buy insurance with tax credits?
What does it do about lifetime caps?
we'll stick with #MedicareForAll thanks tho
Can they get coverage w/ pre-existing conditions? Without annual/lifetime caps?
Why is it so hard for y'all to understand we're not wealthy like you and can't afford tax credits? (78628)
Um low ratings ncome people live paycheck to paycheck and can not get much benefit from a tax credit
I will vote against you for this. Just because you gerrymandered Texas doesn't mean you get impunity forever.
@JonahNRO .. the promise was REPEAL - nothing more & nothing less.  This is anything but.  Now GOP owns this unconstitutional .
#FakeNews #lyingjohn
Stop giving millions of $s incentives to BCBS's that admin yours and Fed employee insurance claims. Prize money for processing claims.
No need to reward them for doing what they are supposed to do anyway (and those millions could cover the rest of us!) FEBP is a fraud.
BULLSHIT! You've forgotten about the disabled NO-INCOME people (waiting years for SSDI hearings). What about those with NO income?
Tax credits are no help to the elderly who need assistance for long term nursing home care. They have no money.
You are legitimately out of your mind. Poor people can't save money with or without a tax credit.
Don't try it ...we know what this is ..tax cuts for wealthy... healthcare that is under funded...don't try to be slick ...we are not stupid
You rich already don't pay no taxes.We middle class will be at war with the poor trying to keep them from stealing us blind is what you want
states rights. n TX has done nuthn to help poor, elderly n handicap
Does Trump let you out of his pocket much? How much do lobbyists spend on you? How much campaign $ do you get to sway your votes?
And you actually believe that BS? Oh, I forgot, you're from Teas where political BS is a given.
So where does the money for the $1T tax cut to the rich come from?
That's not true!  Lying to us is no good. Just like this plan is no good.
You're still kicking people off Medicaid. Don't try to sugarcoat this.
But Senate bill wipes out subsidies to make deductibles and co-pays affordable. Near-poverty Texan's deductible would be 50% of income.
So my healthy 50 yr old husband could pay up to 5x more than a not so healthy 49 year old? Your bill discriminates age, sex, the poor, LGBTQ
So they can pay for junk policies that don't cover essential services like before the ACA. #Idiot
Except low-income people don't itemize on their taxes so will the tax credit even help their tax liability? Please reply.
Overlooked? @JohnCornyn hasn't read the bill nor understands its impact yet still shrills for the GOP. Always party over country. Always.
TBD if accurate, but if you can't communicate that effectively to the American people, you will fail epically.  #Blindspot
Overlooked? Growth in Medicaid payments now pegged to lower CPI instead of the higher Medical CPI which is more accurate for medical costs
Overlooked? Defunding @PPFA for a year and making. Pap smears, STD screens, pregnancy test, education used by 2.4m Americans annually
... refundable tax credits?
Overlooked? Repealing ind mandate so healthy people don't join and only those sick do thereby increasing premiums.
Overlooked? Allowing states to opt out of ACA's essential health benefit requirements. What does that mean? Worse product offerings.
Remind me how often tax credits are given versus monthly subsidies?
Poor Americans CANT USE TAX CREDITS as they don't pay tax. Texans NEED GOOD HEALTH INS. Expand Medicare for all of us. Stop lying re ACA.
That's bullsh*t. We know it and you know it. Stop just stop. #NoMcConnellCare
How do tax credits help the poorest Americans? They help rich people the most. Teacher, foster parent, and constituent from 78751
You know this is a massive transfer of wealth from the vulnerable to the privileged. How do you live with yourself? - a concerned voter.
Tax credits have never helped low-income families. That's just a talking point to make Republicans sound like they are doing something.
More lies Senator
No one is buying you B.S. propaganda, trying to pretend poor people won't die so the rich can have more money. #VoteNoAHCA
Yeah right
What have you done to regulate the medical industry who obfuscates costs? How will you  force providers to provide open complete cost info?
.@JohnCornyn how do I as a middle class citizen get helped? I don’t make enough for tax cuts. Too much for incentives. Screwed as usual.
Ran out of characters, constituent 78213
This will NEVER be sufficient to cover all that many low-income Americans need nor will it last!Just to give rich like u big tax breaks.
You're living in a dream world. Medicaid pays for 60% of nursing home residents. There are no insurance options for them and their families.
Define "affordable."
@brianmcarey   Let the Able Bodied WORK!
this is bullshit and you are a liar
Embrace real free market reform or step aside for single payer. STOP SUBSIDIZING INSURANCE COMPANIES & start representing us.
Does nothing to bring costs down. Ur so free market? Unwind employer system so EVERYONE can see what they're paying & increase competition
Yeah, overlooked. Private insurance won't cover a special needs bus with oxygen and wheelchair transport to and from school.
Private insurance can't completely cover mom in the nursing home.
Hell, you're about to make it so private insurance doesn't even have to offer nursing or rehab care.
Expansion cannot be replaced.  Cutting off $880 million for tax breaks to the rich is plain criminal. Please vote NO.
Low income citizens don't qualify for income tax credits do they?
Who r u kidding. It's a transfer of tax money to the wealthy.  Do u know how many disable children and  seniors will be effected?  
We don't want tax cuts. We don't want to die because we have lifetime limits.
What do tax credits have to do with how insurance companies price their premiums?
Getting insurance that is gutted will do nothing. Tax credits do not replace subsidies if you can't afford the monthly payment.
Tax credits are free money.  No contributions needed.  We are not idiots.
Senator why? So so sad. You have lost your soul to @realDonaldTrump
liar and a hypocrite. Your intent has been established.
At the end of the year?   How to pay before that?   You are beyond useless for the people.   
#LastTermCornyn 
#NOTRUMPCARE
So "healthcare" y'all!
Clearly you've never been poor, John. That's not how any of this works. You're disgusting.
Texans never benefited from Medicaid expansion bc governor rejected it, so basis for comparison is....?
Overlooked? You mean like how you've overlooked the people who you are supposed to represent? The ones who don't want this bill? Like that?
Senator, I thank you for your service. Disagree on expansion. Gov't must be out of the HC picture except for only the most needy.
Tax credits? Like, to have to front some money to get money back when filing taxes?  So, unless you make enough to file you are screwed?
Hearing groups Fear mongering
And hurts your Tx schools counting on Med $$ because TX lege won't help#anti education #antidisabled&elderly 76087 I'll continue calling
Tax credits won't work for low income people to afford healthcare... most people on Medicaid are living below the poverty line!

How is this possible? Nothing that has been released verifies this statement. Just another lie. #NoCutsNoCaps
People on Medicaid don't have enough money to pay taxes, so why would they need tax credits? 
You know it doesn't work that way. Only top 1% gets benefit from tax breaks
Affordable for YOU, maybe but not for teachers. Will YOU put YOUR family on this plan?  Have a conscience VOTE NO.
Do right not Right
still waiting for your so-called "evidence" #asiniseenone
Tax credits?  People who are on Medicaid generally don't pay taxes, how is this going to help?
Tax credits will be smaller while healthcare gets higher.  You received large donations from big Pharma.right? Stop misleading public..
Let's not confuse things with facts!  LOL
The problem for using tax cuts to pay for it is that citizens pay for it up front and have to wait til tax season. Many can't.
Senator Cornyn, Unless I can buy across state lines and there is tort reform, then your bill is a non-starter for me. @ericbolling
Tax credits do nothing if we can't afford the Obamacare costs in the 1st place. Tax credits mean refunds or less taxes AT THE END OF A YEAR.
But changes from 400% to 300% poverty. Be honest! I expect more from #Republicans than this. Lead!
People who require assistance to afford health insurance don't have an income tax liability, or much of one. So the deduction is worthless
TRANSLATION: low-income Americans LOSE access to care.
You don't even pretend to understand how this system really works, do you? Isn't that your job? #DoYourJob #TurnTXBlue
There goes cornyn,  trying to blow smoke up the asses of constituents.
Tax credits do almost nothing for low-income Americans. Surely you must know that.
American Voters: Make sure to vote these men OUT OF OFFICE if they repeal ACA and try to replace it with garbage known as TrumpCare #AHCA
No leave it alone you're just lying to give tax breaks to the rich
How do you propose a tax credit to people who can't afford ANY insurance to begin with? U need a reality check..
completely out of touch with reality. why not provide texans a list of these so called "affordable" doctors who willingly treat the poor?
Of healthcare, esp when there is no absolute mandate for affordable coverage (not high risk pools for pre-existing)
Uhm, tax credits mean NOTHING if you barely have a taxable income. You are heartless and showing precious little understanding of the cost
Vote no

You hear that? NO ONE ASKED FOR TAX CREDITS! You're so uppity you can't understand plain English from the people.
You realize there are experts you could reach out to, right? Your list of talking points ignores a lot of info.

http://www.kff.org/medicaid/issue-brief/the-effects-of-medicaid-expansion-under-the-aca-updated-findings-from-a-literature-review/ …
It's hard to be clearer. You're backing a bill that will drive up costs and rip care away from lower incomes so you can secure tax cuts.
Do you understand economics? Tax credits for the rich will do little to help poor with Medicare cuts. #VoteNoAHCA #resist
Since this bill was kept so secret, you had better make sure it is right, or you WILL own the result and it WILL impact your next election.
too many people are getting everything free while everybody else paid high premiums. EVERYBODY SHOULD PAY WHAT THEY CAN
the bill is for the wealthy, like the authors. the middle class and lower income families have been swapped out for authors "trickery"
Their coverage will be crappy with EHB waivers. You know this.
Wrong! Coward! Lemming! #VoteNo
Sure, keep telling yourself that. In the real world that statement is not reassuring.
Vote NO! America deserves better than this tight-fisted mean-spirited inadequately researched excuse for a repeal. Get it right.
Come on, John. ...
Have you ever been poor? It is impossible to save tax credit for future health needs when you're hungry now or rent is due now.
What about those Americans whose income is low enough that they do not pay federal income tax? How do tax credits help them?
Constituent 77024
Not overlooked. Tax credits for disabled people who cannot work through no fault of their own cannot take advantage. Who overlooked what?
But will that insurance policy cover anything...or do they get just enough money to buy a useless policy?
You must really think that Texans are stupid. You lie and lie and lie.  Texas deserves so much better than Cornyn and Cruz.
Not a good idea!! No medicaid expansion period. Start scaling it back.
So in conclusion: if you don't pay much in tax, you don't get tax credit, even if you did, it would be tiny in comparison to cov. Under ACA
I'm no fan of the Senate bill. It doesn't repeal ACA that punishes compliance and rewards non compliance. Should be changed.
Except tax credits total next to nothing, they assume that folks actually itemize taxes, and the rich get more credits cause they pay more
What doyou mean by next to nothing? If issue is people not itemizing their taxes, they should ask an accountant.
Someone making 25k a year working a min. Wage job cannot afford an accountant. That's not the biggest issue. It's the dramatic drop in cvg.
Few people depend on a minimum wage job. How is there less cvg?
The big problem I have is a flat tax credit vs one that changes based on situation. A person making 80k per yr gets the same as 20k person
