refusal to expand Medicaid when the cost was covered by the fed gvt was the most heartless act of #texlege:purely political
Texans were harmed by this act of cruelty. Add closure of women's clinic, maternity mortality rate skyrocketed- pure inhumanity
Refusing Med exp, causing maternity deaths- how is this representing constituents? If they're dead, they can't vote- Amerite?
Extremist politicies like #trumpcare don't play well on national stage- most against regressive, destructive policies.
Rule 1: fix gerrymandering, voter suppression and rid us of crosscheck. Rule 2: vote all extremists out. Save The USA. #texas
So what's another 24 million without insurance under #trumpcare , right? A fix shouldn't make things worse.
how about you, and some other GOP Senators hold Trumps feet to the fire to deliver on his promise to deliver "better insurance"
please keep Obamacare
Listen to your fellow Texan voters.... we don't want this Trumpcare
wonder how the CBO would calculate Republican obstruction for past eight years..
Surely you won't support this. Saving $ is good but not when Americans have to die to pay for it. No way is this ok. #Trumpcare
This man is a cronycapitist and a shill for the #regressiveparty. He is only concerned for #partyovercountry #idealogue #moveon
What about the 15millons that don't get health care on the GOP plan and the CBO has scored bill. THATS REAL SMART!
so your grand plan is to make sure fewer people are uninsured? Because that's what the current bill will do
By every measure the new plan is a disaster. No one but a party first republican can endorse it.  Don't rush this, get it right.
more FAKE NEWS? Proof? Hope you didn't get this number from trump, if so I don't believe a word you liars say! Vote Cronyn OUT!
stop trying the make your plan look good by trying to bash the other plan. It's bush league.
Gonna turn 29 million into 53 million.

How's that helping your case exactly?
how do u sleep at night knowing what will happen to so many Americans that will become uninsured.
And your plan is an improvement? #heartless #complacentnomore #resist
unfortunately I think our Texas  Senator is a troll.  He tweets to troll
The new GOP bill will increase that number by millions.
you mean after you repeal it? 78610 voting you out.
You mean "29 million additional people" will be uninsured with the ACHA, is that right?
I think health care is a civil right. Why don't you?
Why do you think you have a right to take other people's money at gun point to pay for your heath care?
John. Seriously. You're better than this. Don't tie yourself to the loose end of this boat anchor. You will lose your primary.
#CleanRepeal  quit screwing around. You made a promise to Texans.
And 14 million fewer in 2018 under #Trumpcare. Way to care.
your tweet is confusing... Do you think there should be more or less?
47 million uninsured before ACA. Can you do math? You're supposed to represent 27 million Texans, not just the your rich donors.
so lets add 20 million more? Your Speaker basically admitted less people would have insurance under AHCA. Do your job!
if true? It's because the insurance industry is high jacking this country and you are apart of it.
.@JohnCornyn you do realize that your far right positions are contributing to the mobilization of moderates and left, don't you?
@GOP #Trumpcare will add 14M people to the #uninsured list, Senator.
This is a tax break for the 1%.
PS Your voicemail is full.
Again, how many after TrumpCare? How many? Answer the question.....do you even know? Gonna cost magnitudes more than an iPhone!
That's an improvement over pre-ACA levels of coverage. Guess that's an inconvenient truth for partisan hacks like you.
that's not good@but you know what's worse? Leaving millions more without access to basic healthcare  just to satisfy corp greed.
I know you don't care, but I'm your constituent & I now have coverage thanks to the ACA. I can't afford to lose it. 
And Trumpcare does what to this number?? Data??
#resist we will see the Texans who lost access, who are sick and can't afford treatment , count on it.
ACA saved my fathers life. Think about the real impact your vote has. nearly 20% of the state in poverty under GOP govt. 
it will double to 48 million if you destroy ACA, and implement Trumpcare
pass ahca.
you take the GOP plan and give Americans the plan you have
That number will DOIBLE under your Republican (not real) health insurance plan
as much as you might want to believe it, we are not stupid and we know a great deal about why these numbers exist, TX
Your time is coming.
So, that means there will be 44 million people uninsured under Trumpcare.
not you buddy.  Our tax dollars pay for yours.  You're welcome.
We want the same healthcare that WE GIVE YOU
trumpcare is a huge tax break for the rich. SINGLE PAYOR IS WHAT WE WANT
how many after Trumpcare.
and it is about to get higher with Trumpcare! Shame on you! But the truth is the GOP has become the party of Putin!
how many B4 ACA? And how many under the GOP plan? Don't obfuscate.
good luck gettin reelected  if repealed 20million people got insurance w/ACA & will loose it w/AHCA Including your constituents
all my fellow Texans have nailed it!  You work for us - not Trump.  He's making you a patsy.  You're a Texan - act like it
Your approval ratings are in the toilet.  You only re-tweet, we see nothing from the mind of Cornyn.  #propagandaJohn
Lol, and yet it's 20 mill less then before ACA, which is where #Trumpcare is headed, pre-2013 levels of people uninsured
as opposed to ~50 million before it? My family was covered through an Obamacare plan prior to me getting my job. #cutthebullshit
yeah but a lot more have insurance because of it, YOU PUPPET for the insurance CEOs!
You're right.  It's never going to work.  We should just ditch it and go with single payer.
you and the R should stop pretending you care anyone but the 1% because you actions PROVE differently.
And in Texas it's poor women who are being left without. So why are you & your colleagues trying to increase # of uninsured?
ACTUALLY uninsured rates are at an all time low! 20 million MORE ppl insured! Stop spewing alt-facts! PS. I am a Texan
Yes.  Some states like TX turned down Medicaid expansion, making poor people ineligible for benefits.  Why did they do that?
unless the government(us) are willing to do subsidies, people will never covered. its really quite simple.
Senator, there will be 29 million uninsured after Trump care, too.
And all your part's fault.
What is the @GOP shooting for? 50 million? 75 million? 100 million? That number is too low for you?
how many will have coverage taken from them with your hateful plan? #CornynFailedTexas
what part of expand Medicaid do you not understand? Why does Texas refuse to????
cuz it a blue state, and they only care about the rich
how many will be uninsured under TrumpCare? How many will have LESS coverage? Who gets the tax breaks? THIS IS BAD FOR TEXANS!
how many before?   Quit twisting your facts to justify your lies
how about you give us the actual costs after the budget office tomorrow releases the numbers. Bad plan as it stands. U work 4 me
Add another 15 to 20 million to the ranks of the uninsured with #Trumpcare
come on! Give us a clean repeal. Replace with something BETTER. Did you not learn anything from Trump election?
People will die. You'll applaud.
How many of those 29 million reside in Texas?  Coming in 2020 REPEAL AND REPLACE JOHN CORNYN
More than 11.5m people were signed up for health insurance  through ObamaCare as of 12/24/16, an increase of  286,000 from 2015
Okay, put all of us on the same health insurance plan you get, and the problem will be solved.
nice try
it will go up exponentially under the proposed plan that I hope to GOD does not pass as it is poorly written.
reading this short-sighted tweet and the responses that call you out for it confirms: you suck at both Twitter and governance.
I'm so glad you want to increase that number, significantly. Especially when TX will be among the worst hurt.
That is why we need #MedicareForAll Anything else is just uncivilized. A healthy citizenry is a productive one. Isn't that good?
that suggests affordability.
- How about you simplify & give us universal coverage with same HC plan Congress has?! Then there's 0 uninsured. #NoTrumpcare
and how many will it be under the current proposed POS plan?
Strange fact to highlight bc there will be more under Republicare. Give the twitter back to the boss so he doesnt look bad.
I sadly voted for you twice. It will not happen a 3rd time. You are all talk.
Overtly partisan use of a Government website.  #’s only, no color commentary
About 50,000 million were uninsured before ACA.
Wow, ECC looks like it’s been hijacked.  Reads like late 30’s propaganda fliers. #’s only no color commentary
We'd like single-payer healthcare. You won't let us have it. This was the alternative.
Funny that you have a problem now that your back's against the wall. Oh well. It must be hard to #DoYourJob.
The working poor.
Election Day is coming!
Sounds like the defense of someone that isn't confident in their alternative
Sounds like the defense of someone that isn't confident in the plan they have
And you and #trumpdontcare won't be happy til it's what, double? triple that?
Why don't you hold a Town Hall to hear and discuss this issue with your constituents? You might learn something-afraid to do so?
Plus your state has huge amount of people uninsured, because it didn't expand Medicaid you believe should be repealed #DeathCare
Rather have #TrumpCare blast Seniors. Uninsured rate lowest in history bonehead. 10.9% http://www.gallup.com/poll/201641/uninsured-rate-holds-low-fourth-quarter.aspx …
The more Ryan/Republicans Tweets about something, the more you know it's going to be terrible for Americans
Are you going to fix it? Or add to it by voting for #TrumpCare?
how many are illegals?
And how may more million with your idiotic plan? #dontCare
I am sure that makes you feel good As long as the 1 percent get a tax break and we play for your healthcare
Play? Are we introducing a lottery or something?
. REPEAL OBUMERCARE MEANS REPEAL OBUMERCARE. PERIOD.  government Has NO business being involved in HC in anyway shape or form
When we all have the same plan you do, we'll be happy. Otherwise, it's all just rhetoric about cutting taxes for the rich.
By the way, I am a constituent that will do everything I can to see that you are not re-elected again. I'll be more diligent.
me too!
29 million is too low. Let's raise that number! Cut Medicaid! Kill the poor! Right John?!?
John you do nothing to help ...Tx should take ACA supplements and u should help fix ACA ...so far your false narratives are a waste of time
he wants to feed us bullshit and tell us it prime rib
How many will lose coverage according to the CBO? I'd like to know before you vote on it.
Okay party of NO,  what are you going to do about it?
Yes, down from 47 million before the ACA.
Why do u put out such cryptic tweets?
Does being a straight shooter not serve u?
Be a real leader, this is so frustrating!
So do something that helps instead of hurts.
versus 50 million before the ACA. Use the correct name for it or we can call the GOP plan GOPcare-less!
I bet the new plan will beat that number.
glass half empty? 20M more insured. Not perfect, just think if GOP would have worked to improve it.
And there will be more after #trumpcare because access doesn't mean coverage. #hypocrisy #resist #texastownhall
@antipandemonium @JohnCornyn Cornyn you are the fruit of a rotten tree. Party above people. #ModusOperandi
I want the same exact health plan you have, Sir.
and 47 million were uninsured before the ACA. Numbers are fun!
My daddy used to say Figures don't lie, but liars sure can figure.
Millions more if you vote in Trump care. I am your constituent and I demand that you get health care for Texas.
U promulgate more untruths than even @SpeakerRyan The ACA is NOT insurance! #GOP getting ready to make these guys even richer.
, Texas has the highest rate of maternal mortality in the industrialized world, and you are doing nothing about that.
You're completely out of touch with the average Texan. And worse, you're unredeemable. You need to hang it up.
That number will go up when Americans lose what they have. Go figure. @DFWIndivisible @SenFranken @MSNBC GET  IT RIGHT 1st time!
Yet, U want to pass a healthcare bill 2 make it harder, more expensive, screw over old, poor, & sick AND make wealthy richer!?
the goal should be to decrease that number, not increase it
So is your goal universal coverage? Because I know a lot of people who would work with you on that.
And you are implying Trumpcare will improve this or make it worse? It's embarrassing that you are a leader of the GOP
Obamacare lowered my premiums and gave me better care so please take that away! I live in ur district and think you're horrible!
how many before Obamacare?
.. Crisis with greed of health insurance corporations existed. ACA was created to insure and protect all Americans. Repair it.
yes what is your point
how much will it cost me to be insured if my husband retires at 65 but I am only 63 on trumpcare
hmmm...before Obamacare, add 20 million plus to that number.  Nice try tho..
how does #TrumpDontCare address this? What are you personally doing to improve things? Can you post anything not parroting DT?
name one thing you have done that helped the average person?   You can't.
and about 59 million after Trumpcare.
junk insurance  dropped them
A decrease of about 13 million from before! One of Obamacare's real steps forward.
How many will be uninsured after RepubliCare/TrumpCare, @JohnCornyn ??
That's about 29 million people uninsured after Obamacare
Effort made by Rs to see failure. Clearly unconcerned about citizens. This isn't even disguised. No plans for people, just corps
did you know a sixth of those are in Texas, which has by far the highest uninsured rate in the country?
are you proud of that? Or of our third world maternal mortality rates?
You can't even manage to lie to make the AHCA sound attractive. All you can do is beat the tired Obamacare drum.
Quick! How many before?
Texas has the highest rate of infant & maternal mortality. States w/out Medicaid expansion highest rate of uninsured & ACA fail.
You want an even 50 million? Use your insurance and have a doctor adjust your medication. This tweet is flat ignorant, John.
Many ppl may have ins, but if you can't use it due to high deductibles, it's a mute point and boarders on deceptive.
omg. Really? I can't wait for Trumpcare #Trumpcare and then we can look at you
They are poor, sick and voted for Trump. What will happen to them without Obamacare? https://www.washingtonpost.com/graphics/national/west-virginia-tug-river-obamacare/ …
yet if we do away with the ACA that would increase to 49 million. Meaning more ppl in indigent care. Will republicare fix that?
No.  They just want us to pray.  I want them to jump out of an airplane and see if prayer helps on the way down.
Time 4 single-payer like every other industrialized nation. Healthcare is a human right. Ur $ or ur life is not a free market.
so if you support that I'm sure you support getting EVERY SINGLE illegal alien out that would abuse it, right?
Weird to bring this up when your plan will add to that number.  Are you hiding a 2nd secret bill that reduces uninsured rate?
Idea: get a job and pay for your own insurance. Tired of supporting lazy liberals and illegals.
Sometimes difficult for elderly, rural people, or people whose jobs don't come with healthcare benefits.
are you working to increase the number of insured?
Which is WAY less than before ACA. What's your point?
How many were uninsured before Obamacare?
