.@JohnCornyn is playing with his Apple watch before the Rosenstein/Coats hearing 
Because ya...fuck democracy...did I get 10k in before I acted liked a bi*ch at this hearing?
I heard you actually lose steps in some meetings.
Playing.
How many steps does it take to get to the  nearest Penitentiary?
How many steps do you average in a day?
Ur are playing with Fire  going to get burned ....been telling since January....Stand Up for American
how many steps?
@CahnEmily Again Cornyn demonstrates concern for himself over the American public. Try asking serious questions, Senator.
You have collect enough in dark money to buy a solid gold Apple watch
The steps the Senate needs to take before convincing a President in an impeachment trial? Great, way to be prepared!
Lol!
Pay attention JERK!!!!
Step 1: Bury your head in the sand 
Step 2: Enable a dangerous president
Step 3: Rinse and repeat
That's not where his head is buried and who are you referring to as dangerous?  We have a RINO & A Canadian in the Senate
Steps in right direction? That's an easy one for you - none.
"How many steps backward did we take today...? Hmm...not enough..."
B/C theres NO "collusion" or "influence" it's just drawn out HRC failed campaign strategy. Dangerous4our natl security.
Sure, sure. 11-6-20
She was reporting #alternativefacts
Wish those steps were on to your retirement.
That can burn a hole in your wrist, buddy.
How about checking on whether you are doing your job or not. I can save you the trouble. Your a hack and a fraud.
Step 1-Take big money donations from special interests. Step 2-Hold outdated beliefs. Step 3-Ruin democracy. Goal Achieved!!!
Why won't trump release his taxes?
Its you know who....the extramarital affair lady........?
4D chess for the olds. That'll show 'em "Big John"!
waste of time and money, nothing ever gomes from the hearings, disgusting
Oh. Yes. Your fucking step goal is important during a hearing with the AG and DNI. Your comms team not vet this one?
When the FBI indictments start rolling, will @JohnCornyn be considered a collaborator?
I hope!!!
Such an embarrassment....
Not as tho you plan on asking any relevant questions anyway. Just a partisan hack 
@CahnEmily or pledging loyalty @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc
Oh it's unfair. How many of us haven't been reminded to breathe at the totally wrong time? Dismiss! Dismiss!
Don't care. Odd that you feel compelled to tweet this.
This is really depressing, Senator.
Impeach Trump!!
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
@CahnEmily List of questions from Trump to ask the witnesses? #TrumPutin
He looking at what Questions Trump demands of him
lol it's little things like this that make you my favorite Senator
Step 1: Destroy the Earth. Step 2: Destroy Healthcare. Step 3: Destroy education. Step 4: Tax break for the mega-rich. Step 5: Nap
Dont forget taxpayer golf trips
...and Russian language classes...
John at least pretend you are working rather than tweeting every 2 minutes
I also check my steps because I care about my health, too! Why don't you hold a town hall in Austin so we can discuss healthcare?
Ask the questions that really need to be asked. Party over politics.
Why are you not frustrated! Oh thats right your trump puppet! #76177 #work4TEXANS #DOYOURJOB

Step 1: Impeach
Step 2: Get our country back
......so you WERE playing with your Apple watch. Got it.
I know the feeling. Chk mine constantly. 
Forgive her, she thought it was just a toy.
Anyone who supports the dangerous, treasonous administration of D Trump deserves to be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity.
Please perform your Constitutional duties and protect our democracy.  We are weary from your partisan politics.
Thank you for taking this hearing so seriously and caring about our country.
You're an embarrassment. Stop being complicit in trump/russia through deflection and protection. Country before party or traitor!
In watching your query of McCabe et al, you where doing nothing more than grandstanding. You are a Trump stooge.
Putin and ExxonMobil are salivating towards a 1-3 trillion deal once Russian sanctions are lifted @JohnCornyn largest donor is ExxonMobil
check your conscience , if you have one...we want the truth, the whole truth, and nothing but the truth @txlege @SenateGOP @TXDemWomen
Step goals are hard to achieve sitting down. Some days I hate desk work.
Good to know our nation's security is so important to you, Senator.
Stand up, man! It's about the damn country and not you. You are despicable
You do nothing except pledge your alligence to Trump not the Constitution!
Townhall! #work4TEXANS
Ask a question, blah, blah, #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator
#COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #kushner
You are no Texan.
Plus it's just a regular Mickey Mouse watch
10,000! Git er done!
let me help you. Step 1. Admit you helped install a Russian Puppet as the @GOP #POTUS 2. Apologize and impeach @realDonaldTrump
You are sitting.   Try again.
Perhaps you should have been preparing for the hearing?
That's playing.  You aren't paid to exercise
How many steps?
Step 1: Resign; Step 2: Go Away; Step 3: Call Uncle Donald, maybe he can give u a job; Step 4: If no job, maybe he can take u for ice cream.
Oh we know that checking is more improved than preparing. Checking steps. Geeezzzz
I'm surprised he's there at all.
Check this out: "Most everyone in healthcare and honks Admen strategy is to hurt people to force AHCA on people"
CEO of Blue Cross says their 23% increase in insurance premiums is directly a result of GOP undermining of Obamacare
If we can't have a smart watch in a SCIF, you can't in a meeting.

Fair is fair.
How many steps from your breakfast with the Koch brothers?
You can reply to bs nonsense, but use other people's words instead of your own when it comes to the egregious actions taking place in DC????
So you do check twitter. That means you intentionally ignore constituent questions. Guess you don't want your job. Ok. We can fix that.
Check for your integrity while you're at it.
I am so embarrassed by you. Our great state deserves better. Do your job.
I figure about 800,000 steps would place you in a townhall meeting in San Antonio with your employers, aka constituents.
Can't imagine why, since the POTUS you wholeheartedly support has declared exercise to be a sham.
Please ask tough questions. Patriot questions, not complicit questions. Be on the right side of history. Be a patriot.
Hahahaha hahahaha
Amazing what you respond to and what you don't. How about responding to your constituents' calls for town halls?
Yea! Checking the steps OF MS. PACMAN!!!
All 39 of them?
How many?
Lotsa #FakeNews purveyors on Twitter. Just like @CNN. FOOLS!
And long before lunch!
checking steps is the definition of playing with your apple watch
*Same thing*
Check your moral compass while you're at it.
Can't. He doesn't have one.
Admitting checking steps is bad enough. 
That's playing.
That's playing "Cover my Ass" Cornyn
You have a DM
Or is Trump messaging him....?
Whether you are "playing" or not w your phone isn't the issue.  Issue is are you going to put the COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY? We deserve better
Same shit buddy
It counts backwards steps?
at 3300 already John, come at me.
10K a day, minimum.
Traitor
Did you write down the questions Trump wanted you to ask?
My Talking Points: Anything but Russia.
The End
Checking your notes from Daddy Trump? You own him, John, and all his corruption. Don't think you can avoid the fallout.
People in TX hate traitors & those who give them a pass. It's COUNTRY over PARTY! Not GOP over Country. We'll remember your actions in 2020!
*memorizing the talking points he's been given to focus on instead of Trump/Russia
