I know so many people who just paid the fine, because they had no choice actual coverage was way too expensive. Thank you for fixing this!
This bill increases premiums and deductibles and will prevent you from buying coverage for 6 months if you go uninsured in a year.
If you wanted a bill to make the problems with the ACA worse in exchange for a tax cut for the wealthy this is your bill!
I just wish ALL elected officials could come together and create a bill that would work for most if not all Americans.
Agree! But this ain't it.
I hope everyone brings amendments to the table. All ideas need to be heard.
McConnell isn't allowing that. No hearings, no witnesses, no markups, and only 10 hours of debate. It's a disgrace.
When Republicans (especially those who serve The Kochs rather than the rest of us) use the word "choice," I know good folks are gonna die.
Would you rather: Die, go bankrupt, or delay care & become permanently disabled as a result? #Choice, GOP-style. The 1% NEED their tax cut!
I'd rather get the govt out of healthcare and watch costs drop because people have skin in the game. They dont care when Im footing the bill
You have no idea how healthcare works. Probably don't even know the difference between a socialist and a single payer system.
Trying really hard to convince us...not working. .tell us about the tax cuts for the wealthy and how it is going to be retroactive?
Individual mandate needed to make pre-existing conditions/community rating work- stop lying/propaganda #nobcrap
Great, can I get rid of my auto insurance here in Texas and expect the same?!?
But you can blame us for getting sick! Personal Responsibility????
Yes & we will no longer be able to buy health plans we can't afford! You Rich Guys are screwing the rest of us so you make more $$$!
I'm tired of paying welfare for the wealthy and for corporations. Sorry. No deal on #BetterCare. The rich can #PayTheirFairShare
You shouldn't have to buy healthcare PERIOD. It should be provided. You cost more money uninsured.
What about not being able to afford a health care plan that you need but cannot afford. Any help forthcoming with that Senator?
I can't drive without insurance.  I'm fine with fines to require insurance.
But if you let your insurance lapse, you can't reinstate it for 6 months. Still a mandate, just a different name with harsher rules
That means that people will be able to choose from to worse and pay six times as much for less care...especially if yo are over 50!
BTW those people vote!
Weak Koch-bitch.
Under #BetterCare 23 million Americans will lose coverage, & those do remain covered will pay exponentially more for much, much less. #Truth
I have no problem with a fine. Don't you believe we all ought to have skin in the game?
I'd rather know that 22 million won't lose their healthcare. Save the ACA! Make it work!
that's ridiculous. i don't want 2 pay 4 those who don't hav insurance. weren't u forced by ur parents to eat ur greens?
Why don't you come home to discuss? I promise you a LARGE crowd!! I can't promise the welcoming part, though.
True. But let's see...a fine of $700 compared to my $400 premium increase x 12? 
Which allows everyone else's costs to go up when those people show up in the ER needing free care. This is 1 of the big flaws in ur plan
But your wealthy buddies get tax cut.  What do I and my grandchildren get? Mediocre to no healthcare
A 6-month waiting period isn't a fine but is definitely a penalty. Why do you keep trying to mislead your constituents?
Hey... who pays for healthcare of the uninsured that frequent the emergency room and can't pay?
That'd be us, both as a taxpayers directly & through insurance companies as hospitals defray costs by passing them on to other consumers.
I believe the Senator is hoping that most Americans don't know this...
Yes, instead 20 to 25 million people with be without health care. You are very out of touch with the people who voted for you.
You might want to look up the definition of "better". Your plan is only better for the richest Americans who will reap a windfall tax break
please stop hurting us
What is the plan for those with pre-existing conditions ?
No, just make you pay premiums to insurance company for 6 months before you can use insurance.  Huge bonus for insurance companies, hurts us
When folks don't have to purchase insurance, won't they simply flood ERs?
How about a plan where the government employees participate too
You're killing your constituents. Literally.
Really, Senator, how can you defend this law?? Put it on the floor for discussion. Oppose McConnell's rush to get a crappy bill passed.
Instead under #Trumpcare the federal govt will be able to bar you from healthcare for 6 months if you miss a payment.
Your new idea is not helping working Americans
And it will create a huge buracracy just to keep track of who is on & who is off.
@johnCornyn lies. He's trying to strip u of ur HC/make u pay more for 4 less 2 pay 4 a rich man's tax cut. The 1% can subsidize themselves.
But what about the 30% surcharge; six months paying for premiums before you can use the insurance & high deductibles? Cost>worth
Did you make it to TX to discuss with your constituents or were you too busy in CO w/the Kochs?  You work for Texans. Please, do your job.
#DeathCare stop...now. Stand up for #Texans and not your wealthy out-of-state donors, Johnny.
Rather have freedom to get less for less! #FullRepeal
That's one reason it's a junk bill! #FullRepeal of #Obamacare . No #Trumpcare ! Better off with nothing than your junk! #MedicareForAll
You found one single possible plus. The negatives far outweigh that.
One spreads out the risk.
Most sick people were healthy until they got sick
Oh terrific.  The uninsured get to play health roulette with my $&
You should be ashamed of trying to sell Texans on something you know is NOT better, and no solution for those currently on ACA
Yes you'll be able to buy a plan that doesn't cover essential benefits protected under #ACA
STOP LYING!! GOD IS ASHAMED OF YOU!!
No one knows what the heck that is!! Brca??
Vote NO on this bill. I am a constituent and I will suffer under the new bill. I was recently disabled and will soon lose my work insurance.
no they will be forced into medical bankruptcy instead.
Stop trying to whitewash your disastrous HC plan. There is nothing good about it. Your legacy will be that you killed Americans. Barbarian.
I feel like I heard otherwise on Fox this morning.
Millions of people won't have access to insurance or health care if this passes. A fine is moot in comparison.
But they can prevent you from getting new coverage if you miss a payment. So much better!
Instead, RepCare fines with surcharge when purchasing, discouraging getting HC! How's that help?!
And they aren't prvoiding ANY health care!!
You may think I am stupid but you are worse Senator. I buy insurance not because I want it but to survive if I get sick. Do you understand?
I guess y'all repealing Obamacare is actually population control....conservative here no more.
& ur employer no longer has to offer healthcare at all, no protection 4 preexisting conditions, & we pay more for worse coverage
won't matter if u can't afford the premiums
Republicans and Trump only care about yourselves, millionaires and billionaires that keep you in your job not the ordinary citizens like me.
Get rid of your entitlements first.
that is the American death care act. Will literally kill Americans.
So that they can get free care when they get sick and can't pay. Get real!  They should pay for their care.
WE DON'T WANT THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT ANYWHERE NEAR OUR MEDICAL CARE NEEDS

GET THE HELL OUT OF THE WAY #FullREPEAL
Which means if you can't afford it (and millions of you won't be able to) you probably couldn't afford to pay the fine anyway.
How can you support a bill that does not have an individual mandate. What happened to personal responsibility?  Emergency rm care not answer
They will still fine u for not having. In the long run we still pay for unsure people that end up in hospital
Doesn't matter if you're dead because you hit your cap and can't pay for cancer treatments, medication for chronic illness, etc. Try again.
"Better Care Reconciliation Act"...why don't you just call it what it really is..."Just Die Already Act". Enjoy those tax cuts, buddy.
Your a dam liar when you done nothing to help the people in Texas get any health care. You Have deprived the Texas people for better health
I'm female, 61, & your constituent. You are leaving me without health care Coverage is not a fine. Never has been #Shame
- Right. But you also won't be able to afford any plan, let alone one you want! Try again
But they will block you from being insured for 6 months if you miss a payment. That IS A PENALTY
And no young people will be forced into the system to balance costs, which is why that exists...
Better yet, you won't be able to afford one at all, or the funeral!!!
but don't count on new healthcare insurance to protect you and your family.  It's a giveaway for the wealthy
Yes you just penalize sick people w/o with no healthcare with 6 months of no healthcare so  they'll die waiting for it. How compassionate.
Who the hell knows what they don't want. Last time I checked, 
Cancer doesn't care what you don't want. Getting injured can happen 2 ANYONE
No but if you are unhappy about what it does do. The fed. Gov. will just arrest you. What is this? Venezuela?
Hey, with what prosecutor's office do I file attempted murder charges against you?
This week.  It could change next week.
Bill could have actual death panels and you would still tout it. Party and wealthiest first. Let God sort out the rest. #haveyounodencency?
Idiot.
Right, until you want one (when you're sick) and then they are made to wait 6 months before being allowed to purchase healthcare. Cool?
So instead my medical payments, premiums & taxes pay for those who don't get insurance but get care. Where is the personal responsibility?
Your BS does nothing to persuade us to believe that GOP plan will decrease premiums and keep deductibles from soaring. #NOahca
No, the federal gov't will just sell US out to their phara corp overlords.
@JohnCornyn 22 million Americans will lose coverage under this bill! 15 million in 2018!HOW is this a health care bill?
But you'll wait 6 mos 4 coverage if yours lapses by 61 days. If don't by ins u pay $$$$ for any illness or Rx. #gopdoesnotcarec

The ACA's goal is to make Americans healthier. Instead of correcting problems the GOP wants to go backwards. Disgraceful.
No, you will be locked out for 6 months from buying insurance and then the insurance will cost you more.
This is a lie.
What if I'd rather pay cash and not buy a plan at all other than a major catastrophe plan?
You just don't get it, do you, Senator? Your place in the history books isn't going to look very good.
Under BCRA, 15 million will lose their insurance next year or won't be able to afford to pay for their medical bills if they want to eat.
True, they can now prevent you from buying a health plan altogether.
The CBO estimates 15 million will lose healthcare by 2018. That is unconscionable, and you're trying to foist it on us as "better." Vote no.
more accurately:  would not be able to tax you for not paying into a system you will eventually need and require to save your life.
Two months of not paying insurance. Don't worry, now you get 6 months of no coverage. Need emergency surgery?  Too bad not covered #MAGA
Yeah, now you can just do without it...so what happens if you get sick? I guess it's on you, since you made the choice?
Under Trumpcare/GOP death bill, 22 million lose insurance including those physically incapable of working so the 1% can bank more money.
If this bill is so fantastic, have every member of the GOP sign up for it & stop accepting money from the Koch brothers!
Now, tell us about the poor & old who will pay more for insurance while the wealthy will get more tax breaks & money. Explain.
cool story bro! can I do away with my car insurance then? I don't want that either.
They will not allow me to buy whatever plan I want in whatever state it is offered either! Keep your promise! #FullRepeal!
WahHoo!
and may I add
BullShit!
@thehill reports that Senate added fine to the bill...?
Interesting marketing position - nvrmnd women's health, medicare/medicade cuts, or less for lower socioeconomic groups
That's incorrect 62 days drop in coverage means 30% increase and 1 missed payment no insurance for 6 months that's harsher then the penalty
of a 1 time payment on Obamacare to the IRS
Your plan brings back lifetime caps, no coverage of essential services e.g. maternity care, and deep Medicaid cuts that hurt disabled kids.
So THOSE PEOPLE can skip paying for insurance and medical care. And WE PEOPLE will have to pick up their tab. (That seems like a bad plan.)
I don't have children, and can defend myself, so when do I get my refund for paying "fines" for schools & protection by DHS... GFY
I understand you can't say what you mean because you have to run for reelection, but I am sure you meant your last word to be need not want
We want the same health care coverage you get, sir. Is that asking too much?
Ummm, I believe those are taxes, right?
Personal responsibility in #healthcare should be mandated just as it is for cars.
And no longer responsible for the care of it's citizens. The fine wouldn't be necessary if the government would provide universal coverage.
Will it allow insurance cos to sell the kinds of AFFORDABLE policies I was buying before Obamacare, which Obamacare forced to discontinue?
@johncornyn Have you spoken to your health care provider constituents about what this bill will do to Texans?  I doubt it.
I'd like you to have the same plan most Texans will have. Just because I'm on vacation doesn't mean I'm not following what you're doing.
6/You should seek George Will's advice.
5/George Will: "...whether or not we should have government control of health care. It's there."
4/George Will: "54mil people are on Medicare, 68 mil are on Medicaid & we're still arguing about..."

3/George Will: "2nd, after eight years of debating this, we're up against the fact that expansion of Medicaid is exactly what this is about.
2/George Will: "This takes something away from people who've got it and they value it because they've got it now.
1/George Will: "There are 2 problems here. 1 is that we don't take things back from people once we've given them. Once we did."
Just give everyone healthcare under single payer system.
Because it will be "FINE" with them if you just drop dead.
Anyone who doesn't want health insurance is a moron, especially if coverage will cost more w preexsiting condition.
under BCRA your govnmt will give $ used for elderly, children, & disabled & give it to richest ppl instead #StopTrumpCare fraud
You just won't be able to buy one  that covers anything if you are poor.
It's ok for your govt to bar u from owning a car without insurance but not to mandate healthcare?
Prob with ACÁ is not public
Under the new plan, insurance companies collect the substantial fines.
But it will take away coverage to me because I am a woman with arthritis who had the audacity to have 4 children.   You are the worst
Texans not fined because GOP never expanded MediCaid there- instant waiver. Also made premiums in TX so high. Your partisanship stinks.
You are being disingenuous. Trumpcare makes it impossible for most people who WANT and NEED ins to afford it.
Where are these mythical people who don't want healthcare? The problem is that healthcare is too expensive, not that there's a fine.
And btw that fine was pretty weak.
Yet the insurance companies will be able to gouge me and I sure don't want that!!
You should be more honest. This is one area that is actively being negotiated in order to attenuate impact trying to keep 3 v. 5x limit/age
So instead of healthy people on plans we'll go back to throwing elderly, poor, diasbled out of coverage to compensate.
It also won't be able to make sure you can afford healthcare... Its a win/win...oh wait
But will "fine" you, if you miss an expensive payment & ban you from getting coverage for 6 months #PublicNotWINNING

This isn't the point. We all want health insurance, don't make it more expensive and less accessible to get good plans.
Under Better Care Reconciliation Act whether I live in a blue state vs. a red state will determine if my insulin is paid for or not.
I admit, yours is a great plan for those who don't want Health insurance, but what about most people who do?
Go back to pre-ACA where folks were encouraged to free ride the system while the rest of us took responsibility? NO THANKS
But if a working person who can hardly make ends meet has to choose food over paying ins for 2 months, you'll bar them for 6 months. Got it.
Sounding more like the ACA. Fix the ACA or give us #MedicareForAll
Aren't you all exempt from this DeathCare Bill? Which means you all still get ACA. #Hypocrites #BloodOnYourHands
And just when we finally got a health clinic in the middle of nowhere Texas where I live, you're "better care" is going to shut it down!
They would be able to lock you out of having insurance for six months. They will also cut $800b in Medicaide. #ACA works just fix it.
Which means only sick people will participate making it more expensive.
but insur co's can fine you whatever they like & people can use ER's to drive up the costs again! You're disgraceful!
it's another transfer of wealth to rich. Started with Reagan35yrs ago&they have seen tax cuts ever since. It is unconscionable!!
I think you missed the memo. I'm reading updates that include penalties for people who have breaks in coverage.
What healthcare do YOU get, Senator?  How much of OUR tax dollars are going to have you and your family covered?
hmmm......but if you miss a payment (even due to extreme circumstances) GOP bill won't let you get insurance for six months.....hmmm
Nor will you have coverage for many essential health benefits. Thanks for nothing, Senate GOP. You must really hate us.
