Wow - coherent sentence structure! Clearly not written by Trump.
As long as he's reading from prepared talk/speech, it's somewhat coherent!
Good http://decision.Food :
Otto. Rest in peace. Only God knows what you went through. We pray this doesn't happen again.
Heavenly Father,
We pray for the family of Otto Warmbier.
In Jesus' name,
Amen.
It's called a eye for an eye!!! Do something Trump
Bloomberg News in an interview Monday. "If it's under the, again, under the right circumstances. But I would do that." 2/2
Did I miss it, but did Trump address the terrosit attack that occurred in London??
I'm not sure what a terrosit is. Is it someone who angrily sits on the ground.
No I'm pretty sure it's a person that's rams a vehicle into innocent people. Or kills a young Muslim girl leaving a mosque....
An illegal alien killed the girl  & his reason was road rage. The British gentleman...we've yet to hear w/his motive was. Familiar sounding?
This is sad and was unnnessary. Obama played  rather than worked when he was president. This is the result.
Trumpy did nothing to get this kid out! He certainly can't get the other Americans out either!
Our people need to avoid such countries, as well.
Sounds like you have a big heart.
Thank you Mr. President.  I love that you aren't afraid to tackle anything.

He already saved us from the biggest despot of them all. Hillary Clinton!
Let's see trumpy get the other Americans out! He took credit for Otto's release! I seriously doubt he had anything to do with his release!
45 on NK leader "If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him, I would absolutely, I would be honored to do it," Trump told 1/2
Put a stop to it Mr President.  Strick ablow to North Korea.
We all know his words don't mean anything. He doesn't care about human rights in any country, including the US.
So proud of our president!
He says what he means and#means what he says.
Not like that scary cat we had in the White House for 8 years
For what? He did nothing!
a drone for Jung Un in memory of Otto
This looks like fake news.  He didn't once blame Obama or mention his election win or that everyone was out to get him.
So now Trump wouldn't be "honored" to meet Kim Jong Un, the "smart cookie"? Disgusted by the loose talk and lack of leadership from Trump.
It's time for a concerted strategy with our allies to take out the North Korean boy dictator. Too many people have been tortured and killed.
Talks cheap Dude, drop the bomb!!
Cool, let's start with the Trump regime.
RIP Otto
Take care of them before they take care of us!!!  They are murderers!
At least you tried to help in short time you have been in office, Obamo did nothing!!, Say What You Want,His BLOOD On OBAMA'S HANDS!!!
Trump did nothing! They released Otto because he was in coma and sent him home to die
How about RNK gets nothing, no aid, no visitors, no talks, not even Dennis  Rodman until all American prisoners are home.
Dennis Rodman exclusive travel ban to keep him from coming back to the United States. Is that legal? Please say yes.
You got him home Obama told his parents to stuff it   You got him
Home please have your AG go offensive Mueller Comey BFFs against law
trump did nothing to get him home. They released a young man in coma and about to die. Period!
Like Saudi Arabia?
We'll boycott Fox if they bring Megan Kelly back. She is not going to boost up your ratings.
Agreed Mr. President.
Beaten to death over a fucking Communist Poster.
This is disturbing on so many levels. The psycho dictator destroys this kid's brain and finally sends him home to die.
Smash them like clay pots.
I am devastated for this family. Thank you Obama team for doing nothing!
@JohnCornyn why would you retweet this?  Do u have a 12 year old incharge of your account?
You can't negotiate with a Rattlesnake, you blow its head off! #MAGA
@SenWarren @DiehlForSenate Crickets from Elizabeth Warren...🖒 to Geoff Diehl for making a statement rather than trying to undermine @POTUS
I doubt he wrote it as those aren't his style of words ...
#JustinTrudeau had better smarten up.
PRES WAS TESTED...WORDS WILL NOT DO IT  DO NOTHING? GOOKS WIN AND PRES WILL BE ANOTHER OBAMA..
Let this be a lesson to everyone.  Don't go to N Korea, unless you're Dennis Rodman!!
Need to ban travel to N. Korea for starters.
It is so nice to have a president that cares!  I love my president!
Wuuuuuuuuuuuuuutttttt?!
I agree. I think he worsened race relations; but, I don't expect to go to the Congo b/c I choose to "For Fun" and have the govt rescue me
"...prevent such tragedies from befalling..."

Who wrote this, really? I don't believe that Donald uses such "bigly " words.
Bullshit!!STATEMENT MEANS NOTHING.
OTTO was more than a statement.
He was a son.
I'm mad as hell,to think America shows no backbone to NoKo
He needs to give them 24 hours to release the remaining hostages or go get them by whatever means necessary.
President the first step is to ban US citizens from visiting countries hostile to the US and our allies.
Except when we do it
Are you really that ignorant? #Resist is #Stupid #Warmbier THE @UNHumanRights is a Joke! call them out!
The Never-Trumpers are killing the GOP. Wasting money on Witch Hunt. Those who don't support Trump will never have support of Trump voters.
Just more BS from a BS machine.
But his regime doesn't respect the basic rule of law or exhibit any human decency. What now?
Trump needs to keep quiet - this family is in mourning, and Trump is a global embarrassment
He was 20 yrs old! #Resist is #Stupid #Warmbier THE @UNHumanRights is a Joke! call them out! http://www.express.co.uk/news/world/654167/North-Korea-prison-camps-American-Otto-Warmbier … Support @POTUS
Maybe it's time to drop an Atom bomb on North Korea.-Don't think the MOAD would do justice  what they did to Otto should not be ignored
Cowardly Obama & his administration was complicit in the murder of this boy. He failed in his oath as President to protect citizens abroad.
At least the Family got to say good by thanks to Trump.
Or thanks to Dennis rodham who visited last week and is chummy with them
This boys death is a result of taking down a banner. All America should be outraged by this boys death and his brutal treatment!
lol
I stand with you! It is time to terminate the terrorist regime of N.Korea and it's dictator! First job of President is to protect citizens!
Backing you @POTUS ! Condolences to Warmbier family. Agree w others, no one should be in that area.
I have a feeling that Mad Dog can take care of that little twerp in North Korea...pretty quick.
Unbelievably sad!  Barbarians! for that family!
Why don't you cite the official POTUS twitter account? Instead of his personal account?
What difference does it make. Bria? Trump gets the message.
Amen
Who wrote that?
Do what you need to do. Just do it.
Isn't a regime  what  you and bannon trying to  build
Thank you for caring,  Mr President.
Ppl fail to realize if this was them/ their family they would want a president to stand up for them like this
tell that 2 ur buddy putin

I'm sorry for Ottos family however we cannot go to war over every crazy kid that does something stupid
He can do nothing to prevent this kind of horrible thing from happening.He is so arrogant to believe so.NK doesn't care about decency.
Could u consider yourself arrogant to make such a statement?  He got the young man home.If we were waiting w/Obama, we would still b waiting
They/NK sent him home because he was dying. It has nothing to do with America's politics. Obama nor Trump could do anything.
NK would have been fine letting him die there as well.  The parents have received a beautiful gift having their son home.  Not wondering.
What a lie! Donnie Dump is the one who doesn't respect human decency.
what do you do if you were the President?
Bret this isn't the COMPLETE statement
Thankyou sir
The rule of law in dictatorships is replaced with rule by law and therefore it must be respected or else....
Prayers
Thank you POTUS for your strong leadership. No American should ever be left behind. 
I'm sorry for the family's loss. The young man didn't respect rule of law either-he stole. Didn't deserve this extreme punishment however.
His live statement was awfully different from this.
Bret drank the koolaid.

NASA's Kepler space probe finds 10 + planets that could support life! Send @POTUS please! https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/8mtjmHu9xPA …  & https://plus.google.com/107835312295887565713/posts/MjFNGikKt7L …
You couldn't even say something nice in THIS moment, so sad
Are there laws for the rich dem elites and laws for Republicans Who is supporting you please hire Newt I would walk to DC to work 4U stepup
Look out Bret. ,james looks comfortable in your chair,and doing a pretty good job
Gee that's nothing like what he just stated at the @WhiteHouse Whimpering, didn't  even state how sorry he was. Gruff and coarse.
Really ?
how hard is it for a private citizen, not to travel to NK ???? stay home, if you dont want to get murder in NK
,

Personally, 2 me, The Phrase "Actions Speak Louder Than Words" Means A Hell Of A Lot More When W/ Politicians. #SpecialReport
...can we obliterate them yet? Or are we waiting for a pearl harbor to motivate us?
OH...and he's the one who should be speaking about what human decency is?
This has nothing to do with Obama! Get real. This person made a poor decision. NK is crazy!
If Trump wants to prevent tragedies, he should get to work closer to home —
Breaking Update: ICE has lodged a detainer for Darwin Torres, suspect in killing of Muslim teen in Virginia. http://dailycaller.com/2017/06/19/authorities-refuse-to-disclose-immigration-status-of-el-salvadoran-immigrant-who-murdered-muslim-teen/ … 
Pretty embarrassing when leftists kill each other. Illegals killing muslims, muslims killing  gays. #LooneyLeft #PulseNightClub
What about the fate of all the people the AHCA is going to remove from having health care? How are you going to protect them?
Sorry Otto is dead. Where is Trump's respect for the rule of law and basic human decency?
Bot.
Should be blaming it on Obama any minute.....
Why not, Obama was president when he was taken captive and did nothing about it.
And why was this young man in N KOREA? The only reason he was released is because he was so sick. It's raining must be  @POTUS44  fault.
A year ago it would have been W's fault.
Trump should order @usairforce & @usnavy to implement 100% blockade of North Korea!
