US also richest country in the history of ... forever. If only we could we could use some of those riches to keep all healthy.
hmmm, how to go about that? #healthcare for all. Support @PPact.
Some call it "Medicare for all".
Highly qualified people who worked for years to earn their citizenship. The American way.
you are in collusion with45 if you don't do a FULL INVESTIGATION! Treason #Trumprussia #Flynnghazi #lyingtrump
We are a strong and prosperous nation thanks to our generousity. Our new Americans enrich US in every way. "I lift my lamp"
Those Obama era stats in no way mitigate the unjustices ICE is committing against migrants & Dreamers now.
Lady Liberty weeps because of sycophants like Cornyn
I would love to attend a #TownHall where I'd like to add discussion. Also, generous vs. what other countries?
Will Mr. Trump return us to the anti-immigrant policies against which the colonists revolted?
You don't invite folks into your home and tell 'em how generous you are for not kicking 'em to the curb. #commondecency
those are awesome stats, what can we do to increase them? Why did we see a dip in 2014?
.@JohnCornyn OECD Chart: Foreign-born population, Total, % of population, Annual, 2013
https://data.oecd.org/chart/4JKv 
#factsmatter to us, but for @JohnCornyn, maybe not so much...
great! Let's talk about it at one of your Town Halls in Texas
that's 0.246% and 0.205% of the US population, respectively.
great. Investigate #TreasonousTrump
...prevent the population of these states; for that the purpose obstructing the laws for naturalization of foreigners.
These new citizens paid ~$1B in I-401 fees. Another $1B for I-485. List goes on. Many hired American lawyers. Y not allow more?
How generous was the US when providing healthcare to their citizens?  Providing paid maternity leave?  Oh wait..  not so much
US wars:Iraq\Vietnam. CIA involved in destabilizing how many democratically elected gov'ts? When you break the china you buy it.
saw the protester outside your office in Dallas. I honked in support. She's more courageous than you.
Republicans, who craved unified control of the government have found themselves unable to come together.  Get a PLAN together!
Generosity is a good thing! We're all immigrants. That's what makes us special.
We are also much bigger than other countries that get a lot of immigrants and refugees.
and why would we ever not want to be generous? Lady liberty has welcomed all!
The US isn't even in the top 10 refugee-hosting countries. Your generosity stats might be skewed. #FactCheck
Not generosity. A self-interested national project, a cause of Revolution. Among King George's crimes: He has endeavored to...
that is too many! We must only take people that benefit our nation and make us better. Not repository for the wayward!
So Christian of you. Peace be with you.
your hypocrisy is why people like myself quit being a "Christian" I pray for your heart to soften
that's great! What is 2017 looking like?
"generous" is an interesting choice. Did you consider "moral", "kind", "decent", "humane", etc 1st or just jump in w disrespect?
yes and now we can slow it down since americans are not working. and with automation it will only get worse.
Is this what Cotton & Perdue want to cut in half?
Seems like that's what makes America great. Let's keep up the good work.
your credibility depends on what you do next. Trump is making all Republicans look insane
just imagine how much more good we could do in the world if we had real leaders of integrity instead of people like you!
What will 2017 bring?
so sad that now under Trump so many are being turned away!  This is not the America I know. Sad what Republicans have done in 30
that's awesome, when is your next town hall in N TX?  Voter zip 75188. #wewontstopasking
Texas Town Hall, please. We can chat about your utter lack of compassion and empathy.
The more the merrier, there's plenty of room!
that's nice but that's immigration, and the concern is refugees for which we are the least compassionate of developed nations
release Trump's taxes. Have an independent investigation into Russain influence on our electioms and the current administration
Matt 25:35
You need to stop the deportation of refugees. This is not the America we know. We welcome everyone to come to US for safety.
and yet @KenPaxtonTX thinks no one is welcome to Texas, please come home to discuss.
Don't know where ur going w/ that,  USA in no way let most refugees into our country in recent years. What were u trying 2 say?
- it'd be nice if our big-hearted generous country could accept more refugees, esp women & kids fleeing war. Town Halls when?
What's your point?
Not that you want it to be so. You are acting like you have something to do with it. You dont, you know.
So we need to stop being good then? We are a Nation of immigrants.
I'm sorry, what? Focus, John! Halt all govt proceedings and investigate trump admin ties to Russia immediately.
headline shld read:US most STUPID in world!How many refugees has Saudi taken? Zero. Know why? Terrorism would increase
I also feel it is important to remind us all, we stole the US from the Native Americans. If you aren't NA, you are an illegal.
yeah, in spite of your efforts.
2013 = Obama's compassion! Many #DREAMER neighbors deserve US generosity, too.  In 2017 people are afraid #impeachTrumpnow
And that's a problem for you? #NotMySenatorForLong
This is awesome. Good find!
Attending a Naturalization Ceremony is a very moving experience.
bet most people will confuse "naturalized" with immigrant/refugee, complain we aren't allowing enough people into country
I see, you're trying to act like you want immigrants even though you support trump.  Dodging as usual. Investigate Whitehouse!
let's have great town halls around the state next week to pat each other on the back and discuss how we can be even better, John
Sonwjo are we keeping out of the country? #immigration
And that's not a bad thing, it's what makes our country what others aspire to be.  Attacking immigration is asinine.
thanks 4 #s, & remember that laws are man-made. GOP congress still working on immigration reform? Need another 16 years?
Also know that Native Americans have been fighting illegals since 1492! & they didn't come w/papers or birth certificates.
The naturalization process is a great topic for a #TownHall.
Please schedule town hall meetings. Also, ask your staffers to answer phones.
it is not generosity. It is because America is great that these people choose to make it their home. 

Please don't mess it up
.@JohnCornyn And...? What is you point, Senator? We among the most blessed on earth should welcome the most desperate. #WWJD?
that's very nice sir. When is your next town hall in Texas?
haha, our tweets are almost identical.
"Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free." - Emma Lazarus
so you'd like us to stop being a beacon of freedom for the world?
if it ain't broke...
, what do you know about generosity? You're more yankee than Texan, fella. Texans represent, you ignore. #CornynFailedTexas
We also demand an independent commission to investigate Trump/Russia. This is an attack on our democracy. Do your job!
.@JohnCornyn How does that compare to smaller countries? I suspect that Canada, Australia, Germany, etc. are more "generous" per capita.
great question.  I don't think that detail was in the approved speaking points he was given by Trump/Putin
sorry that might have been rash.. it probably came from the white nationalist... Miller and Bannon.
we don't get a prize when we do the right thing, it's just called doing the right thing, borders are artificial, humanity is not
I think this is wonderful. Div makes our country great. But I hope ur asking AG Sessions to recuse himself.
John, we'd like a town hall. Why aren't you having one during recess next week? Too busy with rich donors?
and in 2016, trump ran on a platform of them being 'criminals', 'thugs', and 'rapists'. And you supported it.
And you're only OK with the White Euro ones
um...I'm pretty sure we are the lucky ones. These are people who come here and work, raise families. Melting pot, John.
There has never been a time I wasn't taught about the Melting Pot that is our country. It's a beautiful goal.
I'm saddened that the rhetoric from GOP has been so exclusive lately.
Appears you were stunted growing up. We all love immigrants. Dems love illegal anything.
raw numbers are meaningless
I guess you don't approve of generosity... being a Christian and all.
seems like you make it sound dirty
