Block grant funds in Texas are a joke. Won't be enough money! Anyone who is sick will have to move to California or Oregon. Disgraceful!
You got 199 responses but only 27 likes.  That should tell you something..... are you listening to us?
Nothing on the table is better than where we are! Either will leave million uninsured :-(
Because it kills more people for more profits and you like that.
He's a Rethuglican, what do you expect??!!  VOTE NO TO REPEAL THE ACA!!!  Your future in the U.S, Senate depends on it!!!
It certainly is not better for disabled, elderly or low income Texans.  Please let them have a voice. We have 14 year wait list for Medicaid
@JebBush Graham-Cassidy healthcare is a joke and you both know it.  The public is watching.
what I don't understand: why is GOP so dead-set on legislation that hurts people?
Does it protect preexisting conditions?? Does it allow ins caps, which leave people without ins in the middle of life-saving treatments??
No it doesn't. It allows states to deny any and all preexisting conditions.
No, No, No !!!!
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy Proposal.  I am a constituent and a 2010-trained Patient Advocate.  #patientsafety
If the people actually voted you in,and you weren't just gerrymandered,they wanted better healthcare, not worse.So far it's only been worse.
Another day in the life of our pandering senator.
Lobbyist-felating senator.
Constituant from 76015 This bill throws 1.7 mil vets off medicaid Guts pre existing protections Hurts children and Seniors Voteno or we will
Don't try to justify a horrible, irresponsible bill. We are watching and Rs will pay at the ballot box if this passes.  No CBO score?
what I don't understand: how you sleep at night.
Both are awful. Removing all subsidies will put insurance out of reach of many. We need more, not less, coverage.
Why do you personally hate poor/sick Texans? Please answer.
Because poor/sick people don't donate millions in dark money to him.
A bad plan is a bad plan just because it's better than another bad plan doesn't make it a good plan. #noGrahamCassidy Do right by the people
It's never good when millions more people lose their healthcare coverage. As a nation we can do better. You might not be able to but...
Senator, Jeb Bush does not reside in Texas and is not your constituent. Your voice mail was full today. What did your constituents tell you?
Nothing. They leave voicemail full on purpose, so that he can claim he heard no negative comments.
That really doesnt say much. It still needs work, a lot more than the current system it seems...
What ever happened to the GOP pledge to America?
Oh that? That's just something the PR dept. whipped out. It doesn't really mean anything.
Since the plan so good I expect you and senate to be on the plan .Or better yet Let the Kochs and The Mercer's pay for your healthcare
They think they are above all of us. They'll just vote themselves a raise and a waiver from all negative impacts of their legislation.
GOP is really not winning us over with this "one pile of shit is better than the other" rhetoric. DO BETTER!!!
They had 7 years to come up with a plan. They couldn't even figure out how to fix the ACA.
Do your job. Work with Dems to repair the ACA.
He can't. Between @tedcruz, @JohnCornyn, @GovAbbott and @DanPatrickTX, any Texan making less than 250K/yr doesn't matter.
I am your constituent. I oppose any repeal of the #ACA.
Sadly, @JohnCornyn doesnt care hat his constituents actually want. He only cares about what lobbyist he can felate to get  him money.
Graham -Cassidy passes the buck to the states, Govenors are against it .So am I . Hurts too many people .People first not Party !
what I don't understand: why the GOP wants to kill ACA instead of just fix it. 'splain that, please.
IT IS STILL IMMORAL. HOW CAN YOU DEFEND THIS
Words like morality and Christianity are just props the GOP uses during elections. As soon as they're off stage, they get thrown out.
what I don't understand: where is the morality in depriving millions of healthcare coverage by repealing the ACA.
what I don't understand: how GOP Reps/Sens can claim to represent the very people that will be hurt by these attacks on ACA.
You just can't wait to cut healthcare for Texans can you
Seriously Cornyn?  Completely go back to how health insurance used to be?  Find a new pony!
If you truly cared about Texans, you would not add insult to Harvey injury by repealing health care after a devastating hurricane. Vote NO!
He doesn't care. He's making big bucks felating the wealthy donors who'll get a tax break, and the lobbyists who give him dark money.
Still calling to tell you to vote no against this monstrosity.  Will never vote R again if this passes.
Should be "I'll never vote R again" full stop.
Just admit the GOP is a complete fraud. If serious about ACA reform, GOP would have written a bill in the 7 YEARS GOP tried to sabotage it.
People will die because of it, and if you support it you'll always know their blood is on your hands. "Better" doesn't make it right.
Yea because we trust his opinion on healthcare
I am appalled that once again you are trying to take Medicare $$ from Planned Parenthood and take away women's access to care.  Shame!
@JebBush Dying in a plane crash is better than dying in a fire, but...you know...I don’t really want to have to choose.  #IWanttoLive
THE BLOOD OF TEXANS WILL BE ON YOUR HANDS WITH NEW HEALTHCARE BILL.  I WANT YOU TO HAVE TOWN HALLS TO MEET THE PEOPLE YOU WILL KILL.
USE YOUR OWN WORDS COWARD.  HUNDREDS OF THOUSANDS OF TEXANS WILL BE WITHOUT INSURANCE.  SICK AND ELDERLY CAN'T AFFORD.  OUR BLOOD IS ON YOU.
Neither is good. Do what is right for your fellow Texans & voters and Vote NO!!!!
We're waiting for the FULL CBO (not the watered down version).  Y'all want 700 BILLION for defense spending but HC takes back seat AGAIN
That doesn't mean it's good enough.
NO IT IS HORRIBLE AND INHUMANE
Vote no on #GrahamCassidyBill!  Do the right thing for your constituents!
If this is the best they can do, we're all doomed.
Graham -Cassidy is cruel as well! Not happy unless you're ripping something good from your constituents! Healthcare is as necessary as air!
Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy if you know what's good for you. We are watching you.
Yea and both suck!
OK just read it, I don't see the how, what, who, why? You might try answering at least some of them if you want anyone to believe it.
Keep pushing crap. We only get 90 seconds of debate before you vote?
Senator, we need to know what the CBO score is, not what a retired politician thinks.
It's a cruel bill that'll leave millions uninsured, leading to many deaths. Decimating medicaid expansion, loss of protections, no CBO..bad.
I agree. I hope the block grant approach makes it through.
Faint praise when either option would be devastating for so many of your constituents, like myself.
You just won't listen to your constituents, will you?   We don't want your awful healthcare plans.  Move on!
Really? Let's see what CBO says & send 2 committee, open for amendments. Senate is last bastion of democracy. Don't end-run democracy.
Repeal it already!
Because I know when I have a good idea, I just try to get it done really quick when nobody is paying attention. #GrahamCassidy
I will actively pursue this at every meeting I can find in Texas. I live in Houston. What's fair 4 us is fair 4 all of u government leeches!
hopefully gop congress passes graham/cassidy......getting funding to States to develop healthcare programs is the best solution
can't stand Jeb Bush hes part of the problem
It is horrible and unless YOU are willing to be governed by it you need to kill it!
It's amazing to me that you & the GOP have convinced some they don't deserve quality & affordable health insurance. We deserve better.
This plan is the worse than the last plan and that one was horrible. You greedy old white men have no shame and clearly no heart!
You are not getting the message John. Graham, Jeb, Kasich, & Cassidy have NO credibility.
Anything other than a complete repeal with no replacement is garbage. Nothing in Art1Sec8 mentions Healthcare. Can't wait for @DwayneStovall
GC is disgusting. Stop trying to line your donors' pockets on the backs of our state's most medically-vulnerable citizens.
Any attempt to repeal ACA and leave people uninsured is bad.
The ACA is better than all plans except Medicare for all better.But Texans been telling you.But you serve  special interest not Txans.SHAME
@JohnCornyn Stop this insanity Vote NO on #GrahamCassidy Stop endangering our lives for your wallet @SenateMajLdr @GOP
Instead of comparing to slightly reworded , how about working together to keep improving #ACA?
GOP work for big business and wealthy at expense of common person. Texas people deserve better than Cornyn.
If it's better, then hold committee hearings, markups, debate & amendments on G-C. And get a COMPLETE CBO SCORE. It's malpractice otherwise.
"Better"to allow insurers to charge large premiums to people for being sick? Is that like getting a cancellation after first car claim?
Who cares? And he is wrong, and so are you. You ancient Republicans need to make way for more modern bipartisan politicians.
Well of course he'd say that. He wanted repeal as well. More of that GOP 'I got mine, who cares about you' compassion.
Where is the CBO score that lets us know how good it is?
Like saying Hemlock better than Cyanide.  You still are going to end up killing countless people with #Trumpcare
How does Graham-Cassidy deal with preexisting conditions?
Which does not mean either one is good.  Stepping in poop is better than eating it, but who wants to do that?
for the 3rd time, leave the ACA alone. #TrumpCare #GrahamCassidy will cause harm. Reach across the aisle to improve #ACA VOTE NO.
Are we supposed to listen to low energy Jeb? Like him when he says what you want him to say do you? Did you ask @realDonaldTrump first?
I'm from Texas VOTE NO!!!
Perhaps, but still simply awful. Vote no on Graham-Cassidy.
Graham-Cassidy is horrible. Vote NO on millions of people losing their insurance coverage! Vote NO on targeting the most vulnerable!
If you listen to your constituents then you'd know what we want. #SinglePayer #txtownhall #hypocrite #DoYourJob #resist
When did Jen Bush move to Texas?
Jeb  not Jen. Wonderful autocorrect sigh
A.) No. B.) A fiscally responsible party would never allow this to go forward w/o CBO score. C.) Constituents want bipartisan ACA fix.
Jeb? Really? This bill is just as bad as the others, will throw more people off of Medicaid. People will vote you out over this.
It's worse than ACA & much worse than what we need. US is far behind others when it comes to health. No Graham-Cassidy repeal! #SaveOurCare
Fix the aca.  Fixing is better than Jeb ,kasich and graham.  Why is so hard a concept?
They are both trash legislative bills and you know it. The audacity you have to push this bill forward is complete bs #GTFOH
Please vote against this legislation. Work WITH Democrats to make our health care system better. Do not repeal the ACA.
Still wrong, and can't believe we haven't heard or seen what you propose for Texas?
VOTE NO!!!!  It takes health care away from millions just to give huge tax cut to Jeb Bush and other ultra-wealthy Americans.
Yes, when does the debate start?  How transparent will you be?  It still isn't good policy.  Removes protection for pre-existing conditions.
Doesn't matter. Vote against it please sir.

How about U provide better healthcare instead of trying to take healthcare away? You're a monster, and your time is up, John #votecornynout
If you vote this in, the whole @GOP victory will be short lived. You will all be swept away and real democratic principles will replace you.
Please vote NO! Support Sanders Medicare for all. Trumpcare will is blood money to the rich by cutting ppl off healthcare
NO GRAHAM CASSIDY. JESUS.
What happened to your statement about a bipartisan effort?
Senator please do the right thing for Texans. Vote NO on Graham-Cassidy. The result of this proposal will be sick constituents.
U always disappoint....your Exhausting...we don't want cuts to Medicaid....bills like this close to November cause instability...ridiculous
@realDonaldTrump promised preexisting conditions would be covered. Don' even submit it until that first condition is met.
Neither of these are acceptable. When is the town hall so your constituents can let you know what they think?
Jeb needs to sit down... John needs to retire... and the country needs to RESET.
Just vote NO, this is a horrible bill. 77015 I am watching.
Graham Cassiddy = Speaker Pelosi, angry Democrats vote in droves.
Not better than REPEAL. BEWARE taxes still in place , can't sell across state lines, congress still exempt, only ubamacare medium.
Why? Does it kill more poor people?
That frying pan sure is better than the fire.
 @HoustonChron @dallasnews @startelegram @ExpressNews @elpasotimes @wsj @washingtonpost @ACLUTx
If you go along with this, you may as well start looking for another job.
Wow. Check the replies to this post. Seems a lot of ppl, Texans included, are very opposed to this bill. Signed, an unhappy constituent.
My granddaughter, born 24 weeks with brain bleed, heart murmur.She has medicare on top of private. Your HC plan would bankrupt her parents
... and still a horrible idea.
How about voting no on #GrahamCassidy and actually taken care of your constituents?
And it's a worse deal than outright repeal, which is what we were promised.
Don't even have to read details of Kasich-Hicks looper proposal to know it's as, if not more, flawed than its namesakes
Once again you foist bills in the dark of night without thought or deliberation.  Why are you even there.  World's most deliberative body!
Why don't you want everybody to have healthcare?
Republican senators hate entitlements, You know, things that are paid for with our hard earned tax dollars, their salaries for instance.
Texas has the highest maternal mortality rate in the western world, and you're still trying to take healthcare away from Texans?
Look at the assholes Texas elects! Someday they may learn. They get what they deserve.
Relatively speaking. But it's still awful for most Americans.
REP leaders don't feel that access to healthcare should be a RIGHT.
And that's one fine reason why I'm not a REP
The talent recruitment pipeline is filtering out the best people starting locally. I'm working to impact that here in my area.
Sweet, sounds like the kiss of death to me.
No they aren't, but undermining him at every opportunity is still an erosion of his legitimacy.
I get that, but he's already crossed the line for me. I genuinely feel that our country can't succeed in anyway that matters w/him in office
I think we have very different definitions of success. I'm glad that you're doing well.
Vote NO to Graham/Cassidy bill! This is an attempt to pass Trumpcare with a diff name. Listen to the people; remember your oath.
it still is not good for us. Keep the ACA or go to medicare for all.
#MedicareForAll is better than the both of them!
More fake legislation by politicians lacking testicular fortitude to genuinely repeal Obamacare as was promised.
Still a bad deal. Come on!  Do a better job for Texans & all Americans!
Jeb & JohnC agree. 2band-aidsAren't asGood as 1band-aid. #RINOS #Obamacare @JohnCornyn @GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick @SenTedCruz @MacThornberry
A chimp-gorilla is better than Trump
So I guess you won't be taking me up on my offer to help...
Maybe. But a whole whole whole lot worse than bipartisan improvement of ACA.
In the same way that having measles is better than having bubonic plague.
That is reason enough to vote against both. #RepealObamacare
It will still devastate my family, especially my cancer survivor husband. Why does the @GOP hate successful business-owners like my husband?
But you going to anyways. You keep standing on the wrong side of right
As a Texan I don't think you should support this bill. 75287
I mean really @JohnCornyn for a pro-life conservative to vote for a pro-death bill is pretty hypocritical
Yeah, it's so great.. under this bill my daughter w/autism, myself, and millions of TXans will lose important HC protections.
Surprise, hon. Wheels McAbbott already is robbing Special Education of millions to pay his AG's legal bills.
And much worse than ACA. R u kidding? Patients w/pre-existing get screwed. What do u care? U get taxpayer paid HC.
Just why don't you want us to have healthcare. I worked and paid for my healthcare. Now you decide I can no longer have it.
New proposal gives money to the state. I doubt seriously it will be used for that.
Likely they'll be used for gender pat-downs outside bathroom doors.
Single payer Now!
Why are you so hellbent on denying healthcare to so many of your constituents that need it?!?? #makesnosense
Why should we care what Jeb Bush thinks? Texas would like to know your stand on this proposal .
Exactly, last I checked Jeb Bush wasn't my senator. It's just just lousy @JohnCornyn and spineless @tedcruz.
Yeah, me too. We are totally f*cked
But neither is as good at the ACA
Is the fulsome debate and complete transparency going to come before or after the CBO score this time? Asking for a friend.
Silly me - I know there isn't going to be any debate, right?
It'll be a whole 2 minutes. Seems that's all the stamina these rich old wankers can muster.
Doesn't make it great policy making, just because JEB! finds one better than another. Who cares! Ask the MAJORITY you represent instead.
Y'all's insistence on getting your way like angry toddlers has essentially turned the entire GOP into a death panel, and I'm ashamed of you.
It's worse than the last one. #GOPlyingTraitors. Can't wait to start killing poor & disabled ppl.

You are WRONG. It is evil  to repeal ACA before a BETTER replacement is in place = MORE Americans insured, not fewer . I AM A TEXAS VOTER.
That reall is not saying much John...
Oh well if JEB said it...
No. It's not. Vote no, Senator. And work across the aisle. I'm done with partisanship.
Dog poop or cat poop.  Whichever you prefer.
So when Texas Medicaid gets decimated what is my elderly mom with ALS and no money supposed to do? Just die from no health care?
Wtf is wrong with republicans to make them so calloused towards the needs of the citizenry. Everyone of them need to go
Ending employer mandate, re-adding preexisting conditions (incl. birth defects??), ending Medicaid expansion: it's #trumpcare & it's immoral
Nope! #Texans don't want this plan. It is great for insurance companies, not for people.
Losing everything in Harvey is not enought for the GOP now you want Texans to suffer and die with no healthcare as long as you get yours
How about going back to what we had before O'care. People without coverage still got treatment. Plenty of facilities offered indigent care
That's like saying getting shot to death is better than getting killed by a car.  Either way you're dead. #noGrahamCassidy
People in your state lost everything Then @EPAScottPruitt Allowed them to be exposed to chemicals from fires because your wrere bought off
Which is why they quickly need to take away our healthcare. They are very anxious to profit off of our illnesses.
No.
No.
When's the town hall so you can get some citizen feedback?
Please vote no. Do the right thing and improve the ACA.
Thread -->
1/ Graham Cassidy would hurt millions of ppl & make care unaffordable but the conservative case for the bill is also not a good one.
Please clap...
No.
We don't want O'care light, repeal then replace. Go away Jeb!
So naturally you'll quit the Congressional insurance benefit and use this dog turd instead for you and your family, right?
Guess his parents have good insurance. Yes, the government kind. Exclusive. Only for government employees or retirees. Not very democratic.
They're both inhumane proposals and you should be ashamed of yourself and your party for pushing them.
But the lobbyists that fill his campaign fund want it.
Cornyn: Cow manure tastes better than hog manure.
ATexanDemocrat: The killing of citizens through stripping their assistance is still murder. How many vets will you kill with your vote?
We urge you to vote NO on #GrahamCassidy healthcare bill.
damning with faint praise...
How many times do we have to say no before y'all stop forcing this disaster on us?
It's the same idea the GOP has about sexual assault. To them, NO always means yes. Oh, and lobbyists already bought @JohnCornyn.
Please clap.
#GrahamCassidy like every other R proposal fails the first and only measure of healthcare improvement--more people with equal access.
How about a straight repeal without a replace as you promised during the entire Obama presidency?
Being better than a bad deal doesn't make it a good deal! #MedicareForAll #noGrahamCassidy
No, no, no. #MedicareForAll
#MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #NOGrahamCassidy #GrahamCassidy #SaveOurCare
I asked people to share what it's like to live in a country with universal health care. The responses that came in were incredible. 
STOP KILLING PEOPLE
I can be more dramatic if you like. But seriously. Stop.
Oh dear. He only listens to the lobbyists.
