U.S., Russia agree to collaborate in backing cease-fire in southwest Syria https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/national-security/us-russia-agree-to-collaborate-backing-cease-fire-in-southwest-syria/2017/07/07/2fcbfb5e-633b-11e7-a4f7-af34fc1d9d39_story.html …
Let's wait and see how this goes before you celebrate
seriously John? Do u WANT to create more division w/bullshit? U r getting less and less respected
You are how old?
If he was colluding with Russia, you would be calling for impeachment, not praise for ceasefire.
In my opinion you're an Racist anti American S O B!!
Is this a joke? We agreed to establish a working committee on cyber security with the greatest threat to our cyber security.
This is - literally - akin President Bush establishing a working committee on terrorism with Osama bin Laden.
More to the point: Obama *did* pull this off.
What about Russian interference with our election @JohnCornyn?
Sorry that no one can believe anything POTUS says. Show us the goods-then we celebrate.
Your sick beyond words Obama had class and a constitutional law degree that smelled this coming! Your career is winding down
President Obama success in the greatest international agreement between: U.S., Russia, China, G.B., Germany, France, Iran. You don't adored
Can you imagine how great Texas could be if we had a senator who cared about the people of his state and didn't put his party first. #resist
Yes because the American people would have believed that our officials were telling the truth. Trump administration doesn't know how.
What I can imagine is a Senator that has enough dignity and pride to rise above petty party politics. You sound like a child!
While @tedcruz is out doing work and at least talking to Texans, our Sr Senator is still holed up trying to burn Obama on twitter.
Obama would not back down on his ethics.

You know what @realDonaldTrump did the same day Jr, Manafort, Kushner met the Russian? He sent his 1ST tweet about Hillary's "33,000 emails" 
Can you imagine a senator from Texas who isn't an idiotic corrupt dummy and actually does what's best for the American people?
U bet on people not being informed or understanding  issues. u r mistaken. Trump is a knownothing, Russia's puppet but u r cool with that.
So, what's going to be done about fake news propaganda firms like CNN, MSNBC,WASHTIMES,etc? They are very dangerous to Americans.
Can anyone imagine a Republican party which is not seriously focused on destroying the name of Barack Obama? No. It will not be forgotten.
No. Because it would never happen. Country over party, please.
Agreeing to a cease fire is easy - Kerry, Lavrov and Assad did it twice in 2016. Making it stick is the hard part. We'll see on this one
Of the 4 officials that met at the Trump/Putin get together, 3 have medals from the Russian state. Maybe Trump will soon too.
Got from someone. Don't know where the source went in this quote. Sorry.
Get a grip Senator!
Butthurt much?
Yes because we loved President Obama and we hate the Russian pawn Trump. #shame
What is wrong with you? What country am I living in? I cannot believe the things you are tweeting today. Unbelievable.
What's wrong w/ you? Democrats pushed for the "Russian Reset" & failed. Trump is already more successful than they were.
Reset wasn't enough for Putin. He wanted full control. Now he has it.
Yeah, cause Putin was super happy w/ Trump admin's strike in Syria. Do people like you even use the brain inside your head before typing?
Putin was yawning during the al-Shayrat missile attack. He knew it was all for show.
Yes Kerry and Wendy Sherman made Chamberlain look good
Can you imagine if Malia sat in for Obama at a G20 meeting?
Hypocrit.
can u imagine the reaction if Obama had tweeted 1/2 the crap of DJT? BE A LEADER John. STEP IT UP and stop being a divider.
Can you imagine Obama in office, following the hacking/collusion scandals? Nope. 'Cause he'd have been railroaded out by now.
Don't even flip like a dime in the dryer! you and Teddy Cruz didn't step up for what was right! You repeated that shit abt failing ACA 
You are a traitor to our country supporting a madman and trying to implement the final solution killing poor and old. #shame
You are a traitor.
In a very close competition, Cornyn has won the Stupidest Man in the GOP Award
He's not a dumb man. All indications are he's a cowardly drunk.
Hmm...I hadn't considered that.
You sound 4. Why not just write a nice story yourself. Good grief. Get over it.
Obama doesn't owe Russia! trump does! Big time! And the truth will out!
You mean capitulate to Putin in his efforts to prop up Assad? Or telling Putin he agrees Russia didn't criminally meddle in our election?
Dear John, that handshake = ANTI-Democracy because of Putin & Assad's fear of being ousted. Think Gaddhafi. BO=PRO Democracy
Can you shut up ? Why do you always play that game. I don't have to imagine whst its like if my senator lives in a fantasy world.
WTAF is wrong with you? Standing by while this charlatan destroys this country?? You make me sick. And that's another preexisting condition!
No. I can imagine the stories on Obama being weak if he didn't stand up to Putin like Trump failed to do today.
You realize this isn't even close to the 1st cease-fire attempt in Syria, right?
Yes, because Obama wasn't found to be colluding with the Russian government to facilitate a soft coup of our government.
John Cornyn is the definition of slime & grease
Yuck
Putin made a fool of trump and USA and you don't even know it!!
Let me know when it happens?  Talk, no formal document.  Like we should believe Trump? The wall, tariffs, currency manipulation,...
Trump let Russia get away with election hacking by not holding them accountable for doing it! Why do you support Trump over America ?
You are an embarrassment

.@realDonaldTrump 

Your health is taking a second seat to your ambitions, and it's killing you a little each day.…
Please just stop - for a while you seemed like our sane Senator.  How did Arizona end up with both Flake and McCain - and we get this?
Obama is a man of good character.  We could trust his intentions were good.

Trump is a pathological liar, there is no trust.
You sir have no integrity and have stepped into traitor territory on the record.
BREAKING: Russian foreign minister says Trump accepted Putin's assurances that Russia didn't meddle in the U.S. election.
Where does it say the different Syrian factions agreed with this plan?
Putin rolled our traitor POTUS. He threw our Intel under the bus in front of the world to please Putin. Russia hacks next election.
#MAGA
Hey John. Your racism is showing.
Pulled what off. Kissing Putin's ring. (A**)?
Can you imagine the uproar if Pres. Obama had seemingly collaborated with another country to interfere in our election process??
JC get back to work and stop distracting from what you and the GOP promised #FullRepeal  of Obamacare. We need LESS GOVERNMENT. 
Nope, but I can imagine you railing about Obama being a traitor for sucking up to the Russians. What's your point?
GOP would still cry.
Can you imagine Putin playing us all for fools??
John's ego has grown past his capabilities. Whether he runs or not depends on where the most $ is. He could be indicted and jail Trumpgate.
Who hurt you?
Oh yeah cornyn,  collaborating with the country that hacked our election makes sense said  no sane person ever.
It has been reported that this has been in the works for some time, so this isn't the breakthrough you pretend it is.  #GOPPropaganda
He did.
Can you imagine your #partyoflying cry babies if Obama behaved the way Trump has? You made lies about the ACA including death panel.
No matter which president, I'd still be waiting to see how it turns out since Syria wasn't in on the meeting
Can you imagine a principled, character-driven senator representing his constituents' concerns to a tantrum throwing President?
Kissing up to putin is not adorable.
To quote you: "More silliness."
Can you, just maybe once in a while, act with dignity?  What's wrong with you? Embarrassing for us Texans.
Treason is such a finicky thing
I'm seeing quite a bit of positive reporting on this, putz.
Can you imagine the stories if Obama turned US cyber security over to a hostile foreign power who helped him rig an election?
Everyone gets that agreement that lasts about 24 hours.
Indeed...
Can you imagine what it would be like if you did your job and represented Texas instead of tweeting like a middle school girl. #moveon
John is correct. Media would be drooling over his accomplishment. No name calling Rachel. Be a big girl! 
I didn't name call lol I used a simile. Fox News would have criticized if He have delivered world peace and solved Israel/Palestine come on
God already solved Israel/Palestine. Obama was on the wrong side of that one. Just sayin' 
If you wanna take it big picture panorama like that God solved all of it, so we should just sit back and do nothing? God's providence 1/
Can you imagine Obama (or ANYONE) getting away with Trump's antics? Quit gaslighting senator.
It's weekend, town hall , Zilker Park?
Reagan is rolling in his grave how the republican party is now pawns to Russia and Putin
I am sure your praising the working committee on cyber security with Putin.What could go wrong giving them all our secrets
Can you imagine the SHAME your constituents feel because of you RIGHT NOW?
He hasn't pulled off anything. He threw our intelligence agencies under the bus.
Your own leadership admitted that Putin pays Trump. Represent us your constituents & not the man that represents Putin
A ceasefire where ISIS isn't.  Wow. U GOP r amazing.  How did u manage peace where war isn't?
Obama would not have been chummy with the enemy as he demonstrated. If you don't distance yourself from trump, you will go down with him.
Obama is a better man than you will ever be.  Democrats and Republicans are both Americans when you going to stop the rhetoric that divides?
You would've complained about it.
It's getting more difficult to tell if you hate Dems or black people. Which is it? Partisan or racist? Or both?
@washingtonpost In fact, no. You and your ilk would have said he subjugated himself and he country to Russia's whims.
stop talking about President Obama, quit whining and represent your constituents. Hold town hall meetings.
Southwest Syria? Really? You obviously don't know Syria.
Right....because Russian not bombing Syria was a big compromise. This is NO skin off their back, all optics & lame you're peddling it
Oh please
Please, just leave.  You're in GOP leadership because you have no morals, and have no hesitancy selling out your constituents.
Please don't get us started on the "Can you imagine if Obama did..." hypotheticals. You can't win.
This ceasefire is for southwest Syria only, which does nothing but prop up the Assad regime - But go on being an RT mouthpiece comrade
You are the biggest homer ever.
Can you imagine an elected official doing what the voters want?
Can you believe Trump picks Russia over USA? It's Trump $$ over concerns for USA citizens! Do you care?
There were adoring stories....except it was with the terrorist country, IRAN!
Enuf snark. Not becoming of a senator. Can you imagine if Obama had attacked press?  Fawned over Putin? Had 3 wives, talked abt women? Enuf
Why yes sir I can! Obama had credibility, dignity & respect for the office of the President. The current POTUS however, has no honor & lies.
You sure Trump and team didn't just give a payback?  Lots of weirdness in this Trump/Putin/Tillerson bromance
Obama would have done it without pandering and getting outwitted by Putin. What quid pro quo did Trump do? We lost 4 sure
When you look yourself in the mirror, what do you see? What gives you a sense of pride?
While we're imagining headlines.. what if Obama had colluded w Russia, fired the DFBI..
You've become such a whiny old man lately.  

Sad!
#HowAboutATownHall
So mature. Are we going to say nanny-nanny-boo-boo next?  The GOP needs to grow up and do its job.
Less tweeting, more representing your very diverse constituents, please!
Can you imagine response of R's if a president told Europeans he didn't believe his own intelligence agencies? #hypocrite #CountryOverParty
Can you just govern instead of taking every opportunity to either "look back" & rip apart Obama, or claim unfairness in comparing to Obama.
What was the trade off? Another election?
When are you and others like you going to get over Obama?  Move on and deal w/ the imbecile in the WH now.
@washingtonpost unless you mean the adoring stories in the Russian press since he caved in ALL the essential points
We only have Trump's & Tillerson's account of what happened since no one else was allowed in the room. Given ALL Trump lies this is FAKE
What has he lied about?
@washingtonpost trump has no loyalty, and whatever "special" thing you think you'll get out of it is a pipe dream
@washingtonpost the truth of the matter is that the GOP is now a laughing stock, just like this president.
@washingtonpost imagine if Obama had been a billionaire & bragged about grabbing women. Imagine if Obama attacked women in media
@washingtonpost can u imagine if Obama hired his family for positions in gov't, dared Russia to hack, trashed US intelligence
@washingtonpost U all seem to be confused, u want to destroy Obama's legacy when in reality you all want the praise he earned.
@washingtonpost Trump and members of the Administration are under investigation.
Can you imagine Pres. Obama NOT standing up to our enemies who try to undermine our democracy? I sure can't. Because Obama is a patriot.
WAH! Why is that liberal media so MEAN? @JohnCornyn is a major league whiner
He wasn't colluding with Russia to help Trump, Inc. That is this admin = Trump, Inc.
Can you imagine President Obama colluding with Russia? #CountryOverParty
Can you imagine the stories if the Russians had hacked Obama's opponents in order to help him win an election?
Can you imagine the stories if Obama was constantly praising Putin and called him a stronger leader than Pres. Bush?
We wouldn't have sold us out for a headline.
I'll believe it when i see it. The Russians have agreed to cooperate in Syria before. Trump doesn't seem to remember them backing
.@JohnCornyn This is a perfect endorsement for term limits. There is so much bad blood that you cannot do your job. #TXVotersAgaintCornyn
Oh, for God's sake man, snap out of it.
Cornyn: Another one obsessed with President Obama Envy? Apparently, yes. So, enjoy this, Cornyn:
I doubt Putin.  You'll see the whole thing will backfire.
What assurances do we have Putin will follow through? We've been down this road with him a few times before.
And you'd tweet what? Would you be adoring? H no. Get your hypocritical head back in the game. It's about the future, not the past.
Hey I bet Trump & Russia are collaborating on all sorts of things...not really that surprising...
Can you imagine Cornyn placing country ahead of party and saying something that wasn't completely GOP  biased....
Why don't you work on bipartisan accomplishments instead of wasting our tax dollars tweeting divisive rhetoric??!!
Your partisanship is showing (and that is the nicest thing I'll call it). IF this works, it will be good.  You didn't have to politicize it.
US and Russia had a cease fire in Syria deal Sept 2016. Didn't work out. Let's see if Putin and Trump truly follow through. Too soon to say.
You know John, I imagine a Republician Senator from Texas meeting with his constituents at a public town hall, guess one of us is a Senator?
Or just plays one on TV...!
I don't remember Obama being buds with Putin and Assad...
True. He was likable.
What shady deals to get there were made that you have no clue about? Or do you?
Can you just govern instead of spending your time trashing people? Be better than that. The country deserves that.
Can u imagine if GOP leadrs treated Russia like adversaries,which is what they are? Not takng election interference seriously will hurt GOP!
Did the Russians come over and vote? And President Obama was lauded for kissing the ass of other world leaders.
He hasn't actually done anything yet. Lots of cease-fires come and go..
Your classic words show the truth, "imagine" is what we have to go on with Trump!  Not in a million years.
On 22 February 2016 the United States and Russia announced the Terms for a Cessation of Hostilities in Syria, and again On 10 September 2016
A. Pretty early to be gloating over this.
B. "Collaborating" with Russia is... concerning.
Obama's demands weren't met during previous negotiations with Putin. Did Russia accede to similar demands, or did we give up something?
Can you imagine Republicans if Obama had debased our Intel, the free press & former President's? #TraitorTrump
He had... turned out Putin was just using it to prop himself.
Bullshit.. you would excoriate him for being a traitor, which is what 45 and his thugs are.
@washingtonpost he has done nothing. U should know, u do nothing like it's your job.
Let's not celebrate until the cease fire has some success.  Yes, agreement to do so is terrific, but who is able to control the locals?
The GOP can't stand it that Obama was a great president that was intelligent, unlike the orange headed liar.
The fact that you are still complaining about Obama says so much about your lack of perspective on leadership. How is this even relevant?
Will give Trump credit if he does pull this off.  Why R U playing Trump game of constant comparison with Obama.  Are you both so insecure?
No, not really. You seem to have a skewed perspective on (1) the media, and (2) what an "agreement" with Russia is worth
Well, Obama didn't kiss Putin's ass like this @POTUS has, so...
Yes, but trump sold them Alaska for a dollar
Covfefe? #CanCornyn2020
I wish I had a Senator who didn't defend a self professed sexual predator, serial adulator, and six time bankrupt dead beat.
Please fire the intern that sending this snarky racist bull shit out in you name. A coward who won't have a town hall meeting.
Your jealousy of President Obama is among your least attractive traits.
You're acting as dotty & racist as Trump. May we discuss your sour grapes attitude at an ATX town hall please?
c'mon John there is very little happening in southern Syria action in the north, bad point @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @indtx36
@washingtonpost - Can you imagine if legislators took Const duties seriously & took measures to safeguard our next election??
@washingtonpost - Can you imagine if we had executive & legislators who actually give a damn that our country was attacked?
You have issue w people being suspicious of this administration's relationship w Russia? That's silly. Let's discuss at an ATX town hall.
He would have been criticized roundly for collaborating with an active attacker.
@washingtonpost - Can you imagine the stories if Obama tweeted insults at journalists? And incited violence against the press?
Why are you still talking about obama?
@washingtonpost - Can you imagine the stories if Obama then had friendly detente with Putin while trash-talking US intell?

What I remember is Russia telling Kerry they'd cooperate and then continued to back Assad, a horrible war criminal. Trust them now?
@washingtonpost - Can you imagine the stories if Obama had given away classified info to the Russians in Oval?
John, come on now, it's me. You're constituent and friend. I wouldn't bring up Obama right now. Not a good look for you
