, whatever staffer you're paying to write your tweets, FIRE THEM.
Leave his staffer fire him.
we can get behind that!! 2020 feels so far away...patience is hard!
There is no way around it, but i will keep resisting until the day comes.
we'll be right there with you!
Pelosi's a popular @GOP target. Whoever that takes her place will be just as vilified, because that's how Republicans operate.
Republicans can't govern. All they do is obstruct & smear
But GOP does good only for themselves. Mitch McConnell & his ilk (you) are all traitors.
And Americans have revolted against Trump. Or did you miss the memo? Can't wait to see you lose your seat
Still working to lose the rest of your credibility?  It won't be long before DT needs a glass bellybutton so you can see day light.
we find you are aligned with a corrupt government and don't have Texans interests in mind
Bet you'd wish you could replace McConnell with Pelosi so you could get a health care bill past your own caucus.
Yeah you wish. I don't think so.
Sorry,Senator. I am sticking with her. By the way are u talking face to face w/everyday Texans regarding AHCA? Thousands want to discuss.

BullShit! Dream on John!
You're citing the Free freaking Beacon as evidence of the Democrats doing anything? Whaaaaa?
Love Nancy Pelosi just because of her competence in governing relative to the feckless crap the GOP puts up.
Why do you just whine and whine about Dems.  Work for all of Texas
How about a town hall about your heartless health care bill?
#CornynCashBeforeConstituents
Come to Austin. I have a big sack of rotting tomatoes I'm saving just for you.
Everyone. revolt against Revolting John Cornyn and his mindless partisanship
I'm in
Why don't you stay in your lane. You have enough revolts from your own constituents on your plate. #mindyourbusiness
Party for the rich!! Top 400 families get tax cuts that hurt millions of people!! Stop playing politics with people's lives
She still has a lot more guts and backbone than you! #VoteCornynOut
Amen
Meanwhile, Cornyn revolts against holding a Town Hall...or listening to a single constituent...

You seem to be overly concerned with the Democratic party. I wouldn't worry about @NancyPelosi she can handle her own business.
Nancy cares about common good
The Democrats love Nancy. You, on the other hand, are the WORST! SERIOUSLY, you're a horrible person
Cruz and cornyn are traitors
To flight attendants: spit in their drinks next time they're on your flight!!!!
You wish
Just stop. Please.
The only people I've seen pushing this line are those trying to drive click$...and Republicans.
Texas senators, like MOST GOP, gone completely rogue, crazed with their power.
You're afraid of a woman who can debate you under the table. Love it!
Amen
Gas lighting 101. Yawn.
Stop distracting from the unstable, unfit, fake president. Protect the people of this country! Do NOT let the crazy person start a war.
Revolt against the president who will label you with 3rd grade name calling if u run against him.  Childish and ignorant he is
When's your town hall so you can see the revolt against you?
Fake news!!
Citing an extremely conservative newsgroup is not unbiased reporting.  But I've learned not to expect much from you. #justvoteNO
Are you going to post about the Texas constituents that don't agree with you?
You might want to be more concerned about Dem & GOP constituents revolting against you. We're watching & we vote.
Stop being a puppet! Act like you are from Texas! Don't support that horrible Trumpcare! Don't raise everyone's rates. Be honest
Do read ANYTHING credible? The Free Beacon? What, couldn't get to Infowars?
A party capable of self reflection; @NancyPelosi is a goddess...Dems needing spokesperson who connects w broader audience. #TrumpCareKills
Maybe you should check your own home.... #moreGOPdistraction
You need to focus on your own sham of a healthcare bill. Now, that's revolting. NOT what your  orange leader campaigned on. More lies.
Nice deflection. But we hate what you're doing more.
Texans revolt against John Cornyn and @tedcruz!
Still tweeting like your inept president...trying to distract from the unethical TrumpCare bill.
You should worry about your own party .Full of women hating old white men the only thing they care about is power and lying there pockets
Yes Pelosi sucks. And you're a terrorist. We look forward to seeing you in Texas.

You suck at twitter.
Meanwhile, GOP revolts against Health coverage, compassion, morality, integrity and just plain common sense...
Another BCRA vote bites the dust: Susan Collins confirms she will vote to block GOP health care bill
Interesting. Now, back to what's relevant:  when's the town hall in the Dallas area?
When will we see GOP revolt against Trump?
When does GOP stand up to 45 and Russia?
HEADLINE Texans revolt against their 2 senior,disabled,poor hating Sen who throw them onto the funeral pyre as they save vulnerable rich
GOP Senators are bolting from your health care bill.  You? Go down with the bad bill ship. Where's that townhall schedule?
Lie.
freebeacon = inquirer. Lizard people walking around story. Yeah very credible.

lol
Ur constituents revolt against you! Shall I write an article?
We can handle our party, John, maybe clean up your own party's treason before worrying about Dems.
Just like your constituents against you because you don't visit with them.
Petty man
Worry about your own business @JohnCornyn .
#FakeNews etc.
You're a DISGRACE promoting this wealthcare bill.  I hope u and @SenTedCruz are voted OUT!
If they had another leader these past years I think they'd be in the same shape. When you're anti business it's a problem
nah, she isn't going anywhere, she is the best minority leader in a generation, she would not lose 20 votes in her caucus.
There's a straw to clutch at! Keep telling yourself that!
Cornyn holds up three examples of Democrats opposed to Pelosi and says they're revolting. He can no longer think for himself.
What are you smoking?
Not true
that's you and the right putting out stories to discredit Pelosi because she's a woman and a force to reckon with against you turdburglers.
Texas senators ignoring their constituents. #CornynDividesTexas #CornynCashBeforeConstituents #CornynCouldntCareLess
maybe, but more Americans R revolting against TRUMP @PoliticalDiscor @MSNBC @IndivisibleTeam @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc
While you feverishly work to strip 22 million Americans of health insurance...
