Someone needs to tell Sen.Mark Warner To late. Americans lost fath in government under the Obama administration. #DemWitchHunt
Folks, these tweets are generally so negative that @JohnCornyn can't be listening otherwise he would stop tweeting. #RESISTANCE #vote
Are you waiting for a smoking gun to do your job? Because I think your constituents would like you to engage on #Trumprussia already.
Republicans paid 18 full-time staff over $7 million for 2 years investigating Benghazi. How much has gone into investigating Trump's crime?
Sir, you're not my senator, but you need to ensure that the country survives not just Trump, but Trumpism...And you need to start soon...
His actual quote was, "We have no smoking gun at this point, but there is a lot of smoke."

You are aware where smoke comes from, right? 
I love the "at this point". As if he's waiting at a bus stop and knows his bus will arrive soon.  Right on schedule.  geez!
"At thus point" nice try Johnny. #blue wave coming to Texas
That's called honesty. If they majority of Rs knew anything about that, we wouldn't be needing an investigation in the first place.
It would not matter if Donald Trump was a saint. He is incompetent. All one has to do is watch him to realize that. He puts us at risk.
But we do have are: 100s of dots that may be connected, Texas Senators who are putting party goals over country and cont'd GOP hypocrisy.
It's going to be so much fun to vote these crooked lying Republicans out of office in 2018 and 2020.
Plenty of bullet-holes, tho. Enough to tell what direction the shooting was coming from.
So why would they continue wasting tax payer $$?
That tweet won't age well. It will be interesting to see if you delete it when the indictments are handed down. 
That's what screenshots are for.
Do you seriously believe there is nothing fishy about this administration? Really?
Senator there were 7 people on the Trump campaign that had close ties to Putin/Russia. We are supposed to believe that is normal ? IMPEACH !
You won't find a smoking gun if you don't LOOK for one!

Your "investigation" is a JOKE. 
And everyone knows it.
How are you planning on celebrating if your party gets away with collusion? Champagne and appetizers? Just curious.
Champagne popsicles.
Mueller has hired a guy with expertise in chasing foreign money entanglements, I think this is where this deal is going,
Maybe while he is searching for Trump collusion he'll stumble over the Russian-uranium/Clinton Foundation collusion. Let's reveal it all.
Foundations? Great idea, let's go there, as well, I don't care who it is.
That's ok. They should keep looking. It took two years and four years respectively to uncover Nixon's and Clinton's malfeasance. Be patient.
No one would answer the WAPO conversation question today. How does it feel to be spit on in front of the world? #ObstructionOfJustice
I want to see operate a coloring book because you are horrible at reading between the lines.
It's amazing the lengths you'll go to to deflect from #TrumpRussiaInvestigation. Why? It's not like it's You're Job, right!? #OutIn20
Unfortunately, he's probably not running again so he doesn't have to care what his constituents think.
My God! You are the worst judge ever! The investigation just started! May that lightening bolt be strong & painful. #LyingTrash
@SenateGOP @SenateDemocrats stop with the political #witchhunt and get to work doing what the American people elected #POTUSTrump to do.
Trump was hired to get things done. He has done NOTHING substantial and 4 investigations are going on because of Trump and Russia. LEARN !!!
Your comments and reasoning in Comey's hearing were very bias and Trumpish, 2018?
You're worried about leaking to Russia? Stay out of the Oval Office.
I can't wait to vote out @SenTedCruz & @JohnCornyn for their part in the cover up. So many Rs going down with the administration in '18/20.
Oh John, careful "acting a fool". The FBI is holding said gun under its vest. #Trumprussia exploding. @indivisibletx24 @indivisibleATX
If you can't see Trump is unfit maybe you need to do a bit of soul searching
You are supporting a president that has no self restraint, lacks strategic planning skills and who is a racist. I question your allegiance.
Is it really still a question?
Comparing lynch with session? She was not paid by Russians and Clinton is not president, she lost if you remember, trump is and under cloud!
Maybe it's not a gun. Maybe there's a fire!!!
ridiculous and out of context--might not be provably criminal-  but undermining Democracy IS 'high crimes and misdemeanors'!  DO YOUR JOB!!
SO? THEY ARE IN THE MIDDLE OF INVESTIGATION.  HOPE THEY NAIL THAT SORRY LOSER BEFORE 2 LONG.
You left off the "at this point, but there is a lot of smoke".  Let the investigation play out and until then run the country.
Don't worry Traitor John, Mr Mueller's got it. And then some.
Let Mueller do his work
you gonna quote the rest of the statement? Naw...too busy looking for stories breaking about tacos.
At. This. Point.

Does that have anything to do with your recently expressed wish to have the investigation wrapped up by September?
Why won't trump release his taxes?
AT THIS POINT. Plus, he also said something about lots of smoke, did he not? #doyourjob
Dirty is all over you John
John try again. Still not buying it.
Do you read the responses to your tweets? Serious question. I hope so because your constituents are trying to get you to listen to them.
So you will focus your questions to Comey re unmasking and leave early again this Thursday?
Do you think by being honest Mark Warner has integrity?  Maybe he will help you find yours.
Why do you want the investgation to end before truly clearing Trump & Co.? What are you afraid of?
Isn't it just as foolish to say there's nothing to find before the investigation is over, as it is to say there's definitely something?
There's enough smoke pouring out of Washington to suffocate the nation.  The gun will be found.
#CowardCornyn u and your Russian comrades should be very worried about Mr. Mueller. He's a true patriot unlike u who are a #traitor
Misleading us, now? How about the rest of that quote, "there's a whole lot of smoke?" #FakeNews #Cornyn
And yet the criminal investigation continues to expand. POTUS may not be guilty of collusion but he's acting like he has a lot to hide
Not very interested in your assessment.
Quote him completely...he also said there's lots of smoke...they haven't found the gun yet...not only are you a , you're a liar
Why don't u wear a jumpsuit like a NASCAR driver with all your corporate sponsors identified? #CowardCornyn #CorporateOwned #trumppuppet
There's a reason #cowardcornyn is a #BloodSuckingPolitician and not a judge. He's a #partisan in everything he does #corporateowned #traitor
I don't think these tweets are having the effect you desire. You and Trump both would be better off if you just put your phones down.
#ComradeCornyn #CanCornyn20
The smoke is thick!
We know enough already. I can't wait to vote against you.
But what he means l, we are trying really hard to fabricate some! Wink wink 
Just waiting to see who will run against you.  So I can donate the maximum and donate my time to their campaign in Collin Co. #draincornyn
Can you spot what's critically wrong with what's been said in these tweets? Do you even care?
and this is rich coming from the guy who tweeted after the Iran deal was announced that it was an attempt at distraction from O-Care. Sad.
#cultoftrumpbelike
Selective tweeting combined with defective selective memory does not make a good Senator. You are a disgrace.
But you know he's guilty and yet you still support him
You're declaring it a no-hitter in the second inning.
Jc must not running for reelection. Doesn't like to do his job meaning doing the Right thing.
The investigation has barely begun. I hope you'll honestly consider any evidence that it might reveal.
You scream "Fake news!!" when the media twist words and leave out quotes and context. But you do it here. Hypocrite, you disgust me.
Interesting comment by your constituents who are paying attention to your actions/inactions: "Cornyn will not be our senator after 2020"
Ah yes, very interesting.....and when they have the smoking gun, are you going to do the right thing?
You are complicit when it comes to Trump. Shameful, are you a communist? When can we vote you out of office?
Please define communism
Per the dictionary a person who believes in communism or is a member of a political party that supports communism. Sounds like trump to me.
How does Trump support communism
Troll
It's a simple question: how does Trump support communism?
Senator, are there any other interesting comments that you would like to share with us or just this one?
That's why you have investigations.
Can't wait until a cat 4 hurricane barrels down on Tx. Without a Fema director, GOP will try to somehow blame the black guy before.....
In plain sight--Russian manip of Twitter, Facebook, etc well understood, yet trump insists nothing happened and wants to remove sanctions.
Republicans are obviously stalling the process. Be honest John. It would be a first.
You also haven't interviewed Page, Manafort, Flynn, Epshtyn, Sessions, Trump.....
Seriously, the GOP read every one of Hillary's friggin emails, why are you dragging your feet on this?
Do we have a smoking townhall schedule from you at this point - or, are you back to obstructionist default position? How hard is it 2 meet?
As a former judge, why aren't you looking for clarity instead of obfuscating the issue. Warner said there's smoke. You find the gun.
Be patient my friend. It's an ongoing investigation. You are too eager to close this up while we are stiffling in smoke.
You are heading down a path where many who were ok with staying on the sidelines will be actively seeking your removal at next election.
"But we're just going to have to follow the facts."
not all investigations/crimes are solved in a hour except on tv @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @IndivisibleTeam @AltStateDpt @maddow
Are you insinuating that the Russia story is fake? I see you, traitor.
Probably because the scope has to be so vast. So many criminals in this admin and only one shot to catch them all. Nervous yet?
If it were up to you, the US would be flying the Russian Flag already!
No blind trust or tax returns, a pres who can't keep his mouth/Twitter finger quiet. You're delusional if you don't see where this is going
So you support the Russians using our democracy as a plaything?
Like you did w/Benghazi or Hillary's emails? so this comment makes everything ok? Stop being a joke and do your job #countryoverparty
It's more like a giant building burned down, and there are spots of gasoline placed at strategic locations all over the building...
Did you even finish the sentence before running to Twitter? "...at this point" is kind of important, yes?
You left out the rest of the quote where he said there is "a lot of smoke".  Stop trying to muddy the waters and be truthful.
Aren't you on a committee that is looking into this?  Seems you have your GOP rose colored glasses on and aren't looking at all. #NoRep4Me
Interesting that he is not playing politics with a potential national crisis? Texans wish you could be more interesting.
, FBI, NSA, CIA surely aren't leading us astray on Russia. Keep digging, stop complaining, & work like you want our votes in 2020
#texasblue2018&2020
Anyone who supports the dangerous, treasonous administration of D Trump deserves to be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity.
But there is so much smoke can't even see the White House. @GOP prepared to investigate HRC every day for 4 years. Sad & weak with DJT.
Maybe if you'd properly do your job you could clear up all the questions Americans have. Blindly following is not what you're paid for.
He's paid by the Big Oil Lobby; that's the only place his loyalties lie. Shame. #TurnTXBlue #BlueWave
Perhaps because R's like you keep jamming the gears in the investigation? Help the investigation & then when it's complete make a judgment
I wait for what Mueller has to say.The GOP has proved they will do anything to cover up
So how much of an SSCI have they had so far? Republicans lie.
You're a traitor
Americans know this. We also know the media is pushing a narrative they will have to crawl back from. It's pathetic.
Why is it hurricane season and we have no FEMA director? Remember when you were up in arms about confirmations? You're a terrible joke.
Hurricane Donny has been blowing HARD&destroying huge parts of the country. Seems the Hurricane Season kicked off in January #TheResistance
Another way of saying no evidence!
"At this tine". That is why there is an investigation. Settle in, it will be a long and bumpy Benghazi type ride.
I'm sure if someone said that about Hillary and Benghazi you guys would have been satisfied and walked away
Said when and on what? show your work, don't be a trump stooge and grow some balls. Your from texas for godsake. Country before party. SAD!
#CorruptCornyn - Do your job!
