#ACA = my child being alive today, not hitting a lifetime max, not being covered due to preexisting cond., not losing insurance and dying
It's failing (in a few counties) because of the uncertainty caused by @gop & Trump refusing to pay what has already been agreed upon.
#repealDONTreplaceACA
And how many MILLIONS did Obama send to terrorist in Iran again??
Well if you and the rest of the @GOP hadn't sabotaged it from Day 1 and not have been obstructionist d-bags it might've had a chance.
So what! You all have had 6YEARS saying the same ole thing and you have done nothing. GOP has the power and Your still talking not working
Say NO to universal healthcare! NO to Marxism in the USA! Stand for the #FullRepeal as promised! Stand #UnitedForFreedom!
#FullRepeal keep the government away from my healthcare!!  #FreeMarket #UnitedForFreedom  #NothingIsFree
You are failing to accept that OVER 80% of the US wants to keep Obama Care. You can fix what is broken, but your bill kills millions!
The @gop is failing. Don't repeal #ACA
Answer these groups you did not talk to about Trumpcare
Your fault.  @gop has blocked every attempt for 7 years to fix issues with ACA. Good propaganda, low on facts.  #factsmatter
What's your plan? All I've heard is 7 years of whining about Obamacare & not a single plan from Republicans… you've failed 3 times already.
The plan is to let people not buy it if they don't or can't afford it  let the sick die sooner.  Can't afford it.
Thankyou! That's our money you're raiding. Remember Destabilization redirects markets to serve consumers. Subsidies don't! #FullRepeal #TCOT
Only because the GOP blocked funding for risk corridors! You and your party sabotaged it! You've got a lot of nerve, mister!!!
One sided view without facts
Trumpcare = less insurance for the poor and needy, more $$$$ for the rich! GOP = making the rich, richer
Sounds about right conservatives my ass only with your money and u call middle class and low income takers lol


Stay out of our lives our business and our healthcare! We will fire you!
#RINOcare = rising premiums, unaffordable deductibles, fewer insurance choices, & higher taxes 
You people are running scared! Tweeting this kind of information contains half truths. Grow up. Be a man. Help everyone out.


DEMOCRATS OWN OBAMACARE.
DIDN'T DO ANYTHING TO FIX
OR REPLACE.  TWARTED ALL
EFFORTS OF REPUBLICANS
TO PUT IN PLACE AN
ALTERNATIVE!!!
And the fault is all yours JC. R's control Congress and Executive branch. You are the only one to blame.
Wrong-saved my mom's life. She was paying 1000 a month bcz she had a pre-existing & cov. was terrible. With Obama-200.00 & chemo covered
#NoBailout
Thanks republicans
@SpeakerRyan @cathymcmorris @RepLukeMesser @RepDianeBlack @HouseCommerce @GOPHELP @WhiteHouse @POTUS @VP @HHSGov @SecPriceMD @SteveScalise
Still mostly false, gentlemen. And if you can't be informed or honest, we need to you to short that out beforehand.
Still mostly false, gentlemen. If we cannot be informed or honest, this is a pointless conversation.
Where is the cartoon of the GOP's efforts over the past 7 years to deconstruct the ACA? Still on the cutting room floor?!
Can you explain this graphic please @JohnCornyn
What is the plan to replace it and how is it better?
How about we let the folks who run Illinois state gov't take over?  I'm sure they would do a bang up job balancing the budget. #bankrupt_ILL
It would be less traumatic to our American citizens, states, nation and healthcare industry and all affected components, to fix the ACA by -
1. Utilize bipartisan power to relentlessly pursue "fixed" pricing for medicine and in/out patient care. This is not in any specific order.
2. Reactivate the ad campaigns designed to recruit healthier customers to the exchanges. Est. an mandate that encourages buying insurance.
3. Make it more attractive for insurers to offer plans on ACA exchanges for those who can't get covered by any other means.
4. Stop blocking ACA’s “risk corridor payments,”which were supposed to compensate insurers who covered sicker-than-expected patients.
5. Stop blocking the “cost-sharing” reimbursements to insurers that help serve lower-income customers on the exchanges.
6. Stop the rhetoric about ACA’s inevitable demise which has created a state of panic within the insurance industry.
7. Insurers can not make the numbers work without subsidies. Main reason for leaving the exchange. GOP Sabotage.
Lovely graphics, but, if it's so great, why is American Medical Association against GOP changes to HC?
Because Republicans have pushed uncertainty in the marketplace
look, more propaganda from the Lords and Masters of Lies and Deceit. You fail to say that it helps people, and it fails others. Like @GOP
true but you now have  resp to do something not just gripe about it. If the Freedom Caucus won't help go get some mod Dems
you have actively participated in the destruction - your concern now is entirely hypocritical
It's saved lives and made basic care affordable for those who need it most. Your "solution" kills tens of thousands of Americans.

It's done so much good! Imagine how much better it could have been if the GOP hadn't been trying to sabotage it every step of the way!
let's get 22mm uninsured and fix the problem. Also give me a tax cuts since I can barely afford another vacation home.
You and your party even lie using cartoons.  You've no shame. This is a lie!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
#Trumpcare = people dying, higher premiums, even more unaffordable deductibles, medical needs not covered and higher taxes (if not rich)
Thanks to you & GOP the premiums have http://risen.You 've been trying ur best to let ACA fail.Fix it instead of tax breaks to wealthy

Liar
Wow!!!!you ask partisan type questions!!!#CountryBeforeParty
LIES - This is a tax cut for the rich, and death care for the rest of us.
The acting FBI director has already testified to the fact that personnel has never lost confidence in the agency, nor Comey....stop lying!!
We will not let you gut the ACA be ready! You leave us to die w/pre-existing, then we have nothing to lose! @HouseGOP We're coming for you!
Stop feeding people#LiesEspeciallyTheOnesInTexas!!Texas is the worst state for health insurance in the country and you can google that Sh*&!
It is loosing. Money because you refunded the insurance companies to make it look like it is failing. This is corrupt.
It has issues, but is failing only due to GOP sabotage. It could be tweaked, but GOP would rather give enormous tax breaks to the rich.
I can't believe a Senator, MY Senator no less, is retweeting this stuff. @johncornyn pls tell us it's not you, it's a soon-to-be ex-intern
Trumpcare = the same.
Glad you idiots are now tuned into healthcare maybe learn how it works before posing bills?

Pls stop complaining & take care of biz. Ur job is to pass bills not market hate. U rep D's & poor people too. #STOPTrumpCare #YallMeansAll
Please Vote NO to the Russian Mobsters nom. Wray!
Senator please start working civilly with the Dems. We are NOT a one party nation! Last I heard, we are/were a democracy
McConnell & Ryan are not repealing Obamacare. They are keeping mandates, premium penalties for lapses & Medicaid expansion. REPEAL IT NOW.

Single payor is half the price with preventive care.  Why not do whats right and forget the partisan bs?

You say all these things but it doesn't mean a damn thing unless you #FullRepeal ACA!
#CharlieGard
GOP  less people covered, wealth get huge tax breaks, those in need dont get help, middle class pays, states cant affored. 8years dumb plan
Trumpcare = millions uninsured & tax breaks for the rich.
Saw no plan. Just platitudes.
@JohnCornyn The fact that you've held on to the Tax Cut while changing every other piece of the plan shows where your priorities are.
@JohnCornyn  The GOP has strangled Obamacare.  TrumpCare is hated by 83% of Americans.  You had 8 years for a better plan.  You failed.
Single payer healthcare would be best for America. Gets rid of greedy insurance companies.

But also, it isn't failing.
Then fix it, don't destroy what's good.
SINGLE PAYER  problem solved.
Nice graphic, all lies of course, but that's nothing new from the #goptreasoncrew
WHY didn't the useless repukelicans have a healthcare bill on the presidents desk on day ONE ready to sign or at least debate? 7 YEARS
When you look in the mirror do you realize what a LOSER you are? We gave you everything, and still you can't figure out how to govern.
All we keep hearing is more access, lower premiums, positive blah blah blah. What's missing?  The how!  Don't tell the intention. Tell HOW!
Obamacare saved my life, kept me working, and kept me paying taxes. Its also closing the Medicare prescription gap (about $4000 a year).
Repub plan devised in the shadows, scurried thru w/o oversite in secret w/CBO score off the charts. Had years to do this thoughtfully. Fail.
You were elected to represent the people.  Shame on all of you for not doing that.
Stop sabotaging it and it will be fine.  Even better if you work with Dems to improve it...
If you keep telling the same lie enough it becomes the truth?  Do what's right for Americans and fix our healthcare...not take it away.
