NAFTA?!? Seriously?& the #MuslimBan??? Since your voicemail is full.. #RESIST
I  usually do get an email response, but it is just some blanket letter bs.
Talk about the EO please. I know you are our one Senate with integrity please address this
Speak up on the #muslimban Or be primaried in 2020. Serve America. Not yourself and your career.
one by one.. Start your research NOW!   CORNYN MUST GO...COMMIE TRAITOR,,,,,
in the 2018 mid terms. If you're in a safe district, help phone banking for Repub district to pick off Repub Reps
the eyes of Texas are on you and right now you are failing so many of them and you still won't stand up for them. #NoBanNoWall
How can you continue to tweet without standing up for your Muslim constituents? Houston Medical Complex & NASA - full of muslims.
#StopPresidentBannon
Count the Republican Reps in your state , find progressive groups in those districts and help them mobilize and pick
At this key moment in history, you support a #MuslimBan on women, children, & those who served honorably protecting US veterans
Call his Houston office's direct line during the week. An apathetic human answers the phone: 713-572-3337
Meanwhile, back on planet Earth, how's that whole #MuslimBan working out for you?
here's his Houston office's direct line. An apathetic human answers:  713-572-3337

Your constituents want to know where you stand on what Trump is doing to destroy the US. You won't pick up your phone.
#StopPresidentBannon
I hope you're listening to us! Do the job for which you were elected or we Texans will vote you out of office.
Texans are standing on the front lines at airports around the state against the Muslim Ban.  What is your stance???
Are you aware CPB defying court orders? Would you like to make statement on this blatant unconstitutional defiance? #MuslimBan
This is cute, but maybe address the more imminent unraveling national fabric? Muslim ban? National Security Council?
here's his Houston office's direct line. An apathetic human answers:  713-572-3337
Trump is a fool to try to leave NAFTA. But what is ur position on the #MuslimBan? Ur constituents against it.
now is not the time to talk about space travel to mars! We the people want to know where you stand on #MuslimBan
We will not forgot how you have remained silent in 18 months when you run for re-election.
bring mfg jobs back to Texas side of border
we as your constituents demand your position on the ban just instituted by our president.
Texas will be hurt the very most by this president and his crazy ravings!
And yet our president is putting this relationship in jeopardy. I wonder how many of your contributors will lose bidness.
How is NAFTA going to work around the Ego Monument (wall)?
U can't let Trump destroy our relationship with MEX. Texans will be the 1st to suffer!! @NewsHour
Texas should be at the forefront of stopping the #MuslimBan   We are better than this! Your constituents are watching.
their candidate, get the Dem voter list from Dem party and start calling voters and getting their committment to vote
meanwhile an EO on #MuslimBan what's your stance on that otherwise we will #VoteYouOut #NoMuslimBan #NoBanNoWall
don't you have better things to be tweeting about?
a decent person would stick up for humanity.  Your veil of being a Christian is joke until you prove otherwise.
Improved border efficiency easily preserved. NAFTA endorses lower MX labor & EHS regs & govt monopolies. Fix those!
I'll just leave this here. https://lawfareblog.com/malevolence-tempered-incompetence-trumps-horrifying-executive-order-refugees-and-visas …
Did you watch the video? It's pretty damning of Trump’s policy proposals and promises. Maybe you should do something.
haven’t heard from you on that cowardly Muslim ban. #nutlesspols
What are your feelings on the immigration ban? I know where you stand on trade with Mexico.
Iraqi hero, who served as interpreter for US Army’s 101st Airborne Division, held in detention at JFK. https://goo.gl/B0YqHf 
Trump's #MuslimBan abandons interpreters and others who have risked lives for US. Veterans: take note.
Still nothing on #MuslimBan or of a white-supremacist's coup of the NSC?
Rep. @sethmoulton: "No way in hell" Defense Secretary Mattis is supportive of Pres. Trump's immigration order http://abcn.ws/2kgjwKM  
How does an ISIS recruiting tool like the #MuslimBan make our military and borders safe again?
More accurate way to say that is...Ur on the front trying to normalize the carnage DJT inflicting on US international relations
This could go on all day. It's obvious to voters: you use Christianity as a convenient political tool for your own self-interest
Anti Mexico is anti Texas.  We aren't stupid or bigoted here. Texas goes blue - no season 2. Pls stand up 4 sanity/TX
...Open your mouth, judge righteously, defend the rights of the poor and needy." (Prov. 31: 8-9)
"Open your mouth for the mute, for the rights of all who are destitute....
"Whoever oppresses a poor man insults his Maker, but he who is generous to the needy honors him." (Prov. 14:31)
I am the Lord your God." (Lev. 19: 33-34)
with you as the native among you, and you shall love him as yourself, for you were strangers in the land of Egypt...
“When a stranger sojourns with you in your land, you shall not do him wrong. You shall treat the stranger who sojourns...
For I was hungry and you gave me food, I was thirsty and you gave me drink, I was a stranger and you welcomed me (Matt. 25:35)
How about another appeal, the ethical appeal. You claim to be a Christian (follower of Jesus, reader of Bible).
General Dunford is career Marine, selected to chair the Joint Chiefs by Obama. Now he's demoted off the NSC Principals Committee
Dan Coates tapped as DNI to reassure Republicans worried about Trump's ties to Russia. Now he's demoted off NSC Principals Comm.
No statement on #MuslimBan? No statement on Bannon now running the country?
What specifically are you doing to combat the unconstitutional and illegal #MuslimBan? This constituent wants action.
What are YOU doing to stop the Muslim ban? @realDonaldTrump's racist assault on American values needs to be stopped! Pls respond
I'ma registered voter in Texas. Trump is dangerous to Texas. Fight Trump's agenda. No Muslim ban. No wall. No tarrifs
I am also a a Texas voter & I agree. Your term is almost up, sir. Do your job honorably or get fired.
No statement on the despicable #MuslimBan, or to  thousands of people are protesting them? You shame this country.
You must stand up and be heard defending our ideals. Religious tests are wrong. Walls are wrong. NSC changes are scary
that is good. Since it effects us the most. But where do you stand on the #MuslimBan?
That's great. Now make a statement on the #MuslimBan
So John, will you stand up to Trump on this? Seems like many of his policies HURT Texas! Grow a spine!!
#resist Only you have yourself to save you this time. Both parties failed you. Outside. Today. You aren't alone. Rally
Thank you for acknowledging the importance of NAFTA to Texas. I look forward to hearing what DJT wants to change.
Thank you for pushing Texas into negotiations. We are affected most under the trade agreement.
