I think I can still buy a pack of cigarettes at every convince store .
All that is common sense, the war on drugs is obviously not about helping people but about power and money.
The heroin epidemic is a direct result of making Vicodin harder to get. Just common sense. At least the pills were mfg properly.
What are you doing about the Opioid crisis?
The only "crisis" with opioids are the CDC prescribing guidelines denying meds to legit patients.
By regulating dosage and being clear about heath dangers with smoking, vaporing, drops, edibles, and tinctures.  The tobacco folks hid this
Interesting that you'd think #marijuana was toxic. Marijuana Prohibition arrests are toxic to Texas and all of #America.
Why don't you push for freedom then we can figure out how to deal with freedom?
Ouch. 4 retweets and 119 comments. 
This OPINION piece is about LAWYERS who file suits against businesses for not labeling potato chips properly. Try honesty, John.
You can't be that dumb @JohnCornyn!  Cigs are man made, full of toxins and carcinogens. Marijuana is a PLANT. Plz read & research. 
Still waiting on a response to @realDonaldTrump equating Nazis to those who stand up to hate. #cowardlycornyn
Yep, same issues.
Yeah it should be regulated. Legal like cigarettes and alcohol, but controlled by FDA. If only we had a working government...
We need to eliminate the FDA. They approve the most dangerous chemicals in the world for-profit
Wow. Where to start. You can disagree with all or most of the decisions but the function of the department is critical. We need it.
So exercise your vote to strengthen it not eliminate it. It's like EPA - it's hamstrung right now but still an important dept.
When are we gonna learn that nothing is going to stop people who want to get high from getting high.
You're still inhaling a burning stick of something. There will be side effects. And since the universe bats last...
No one smokes a pack a day of marijuana.
What is average usage and is there a strength or concentration to it?
The best science on the issue, funded by NIDA, suggests there is no cancer-cannabis link:
There are other health issues too. Chronic users often have severe mental disorders. So, who gets sued for making it available or addiction?
Desperately sick people finding  relief is monumental.  My RA meds and their potential side effects would scare you silly.  Support relief.
where is the article? People commenting should at least read the article, wherever it is
Senator Cornyn, ignorance is not pretty, please educate yourself. A large majority want cannabis legalized, it's time for you to hear us.
CBD kills cancer cells.  The question should be why is cannabis still schedule 1 narcotic?
Alcohol does more damage to u.s
Swamp
Really? How random is that comment in times like this @JohnCornyn? Why are you working against Texas & @POTUS ?
Sorry Senator Cornyn but that is how I see it
It only makes sense to legalize all drugs, concentrate on education and use the tax revenue to pay for rehab and free health clinics.
I think more people have been harmed by the war on drugs than would have been if they were legal.
With edibles and bongs and the lack of additives
Oh shut up Cornyn
For those that choose to smoke week, they don't smoke as much per day as someone smoking cigarettes.  And if they did, they wouldn't care.
Hmmm....the real question is, why aren't we asking this of alcohol, the real gateway drug and a chemical responsible for thousands of deaths
They don't. Everyone know tobacco is nasty and evil but marijuana is good and wonderful! 
Recreational use. My own biases at play, certainly, intertwined with the unknowns.
I'm sure there will be some benefits to it and I'm all about the research and medical aspects, but I can't wrap my head around
"Took Down?" Is big tobacco gone? Are you trying to lose this next election? Get on the legalization wave already, John.
He's already lost the next election.
If only it were true
How is this critical thinking?  Who's interest are you representing?
Who fucking cares?! How ' bout you lower taxes, repeal Obamacare and restore law and order. Do what @SenTedCruz or @SenMikeLee would do!
Why are Gorka and Miller still working in the WH?
Regulate it and tax it, an everyone will be satisfied
This is a stupid question, and you are an uninformed "public servant" if you think combustion is the only way to consume marijuana.
And the health issues will be even worse...
bc it's not big tobacco. NOT THE SAME
crap science
For starters it CURES not CAUSES Cancer.
Same warnings and labels.
It doesn't have the same issues. Addiction is not a factor. How much is the tobacco lobby paying you?
I mean, in the same way, right? Tobacco was still legal, last time I checked. So's alcohol. People make choices
An accurate comparison would be the detrimental effect of alcohol on the human body. We sell alcohol, nonetheless. Therefore...
Women's rights are human rights !
How many Texas women are dying under your watch, John?
Big tobacco seems to be doing ok ...
if you care about constituent health suddenly, work w @EPA on stricter air quality standrds. Oh, & improve #ACA, don't repeal it
Shouldn't you be considering it based on people it may help? Vast majority of Texans want it legal. LET US VOTE
Get to work on Trump's agenda: repeal ObamaCare, cut taxes and build a great wall. Stop interfering!
What health issues??? You're comparing apples to oranges 
for a Senator of your Stature, I would think this should be a cardinal rule, before statement. Hearsay, won't cut it.
Marijuana is not physically addictive like tobacco and doesn't have nearly as many carcinogens. It is often ingested instead of smoked.
and you will be a knowledge source. I have never used marijuana, but could not speak either way, until I knew what I was talking about. For
You wish to be a respected voice in Congress, The Greatest Ignorance is to Reject Something You Know Nothing About. Correct that, and
I would never sue the tobacco company, my choice that I love to continue doing. Smoking makes me happy. Unlike Politicians in my vagina.
I didn't realize big tobacco got 'taken down'.  Aren't you still paying the tobacco industry big subsidies?
You need to work on Trump's agenda: repeal ObamaCare, cut taxes and build a great wall. Else the Republican Party can't survive.
The biggest issue is that big tobacco was telling everyone that smoking was good for you and there are no risks.
Why do you keep trying to avoid the elephant in the room, your refusal to call out the racist president?
I would think a greedy dude like yourself would love the high returns industry. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
I think edible marijuana oils have different health issues.  Not completely understood yet
You really are clueless about how marijuana can be consumed. Smoke is a dead issue.
Nice to know you've bought property on the wrong side of history and intend on staying there.
Shut up.
Is tobacco illegal now?
It's just because you haven't found a way to make money off this yet.
By not adding cancer causing tars to their product, discovering it causes cancer, then lying about it?  Just spitballing.
However, neither tobacco nor alcohol is legitimate medicine prescribed by doctors to help cancer patients, seizures, MD, etc.
Same question could be asked of alcohol, but also in this case less addictive and less harmful to your body.
Marijuana is not physically addictive like tobacco and doesn't have nearly as many carcinogens. It is often ingested instead of smoked.
Cigarettes contain hundreds of carcinogens, marijuana does not. Science is fun. Read more John.
wow thank goodness the law changed and people are sent to jail for having tobacco products now.
John my questions for years, why is it we don't treat marijuana smoking the same as tobacco? I bet marijuana has more health hazards.
Fewer. Far fewer
TAKE EVERYONE YOU PUT IN JAIL AND RUINED THE LIVES OF OUT. 

Your AG is still pushing for max punishment and classifying marijuana a heroin.
Big tobacco never made edibles & marijuana is not addictive. 

#StupidSenatorTricks from the whip... facts pulled right from his #CornynHole
Maybe by using scientific & life pertaining facts
As a former justice of the Tx supreme court. Your tweets offer an argument against judicial elections.
You forgot to include the article.
Not anywhere near the same. To many health benefits with marijuana  compared to no health benefits from tobacco.
But u guys luv The Pharm  Industrial Complex as much as the Military Indust. Complex, so u will fight anything natural that doesn't cost $$$
John been telling since before 2016 not to align ur self with this President when are u going to stand up with us and denounce his behavior
Why are you in a position of power? Why do I live in a world where you say these stupid things while holding a position of power?
It doesn't because illegal cannabis heals, while legal cigarettes kill.
Once again u r clueless! I have Lyme disease & many studies have shown how CBD oil from hemp helps more than any med! Same 4 PTSD!
Last I checked, you can still buy and sell cigarettes @JohnCornyn
Yea good point, we're much better off now that tabaco is illegal.
ROTFLMAO
By health issues, you mean pain relief and the curing of childhood seizures?

President Trump has had a chaotic past four weeks. Here's a list of his most controversial moves during that time. http://cnn.it/2wpqq6h  
Wish our Coward leaders Stop Running and Stand Together with President Trump get our Country Running Again Stop letting Swamp Run IT SADLY
Herr Drumps the lead swamp monster and surrounded himself with more billionaire swamp http://dwellers.You  actually believe this scumbag?
well, Sen Cornyn, has the marijuana business come out and falsified studies like big tobacco did?  I thought GOP was about ppls rights? 1/.
the continued Fed war on marijuana does nothing but fund cartels, increase profits for the for profit prisons....legalize/tax/regulate it.
Instead of continuing failed drug war prohibition of 50 years, legalize, regulate and tax to produce revenue
You need to try it, might give you a better perspective on life...
Maybe you should first focus on how to reconcile the fact that large amts of PoC are now unjustly jailed for something that is legal now
Please don't let our state stoop to this brand of destructive spirit 
tobacco destroys cardiovascular systems, marijuana destroys neurological.
Twitter fail, no article link
Who is going to smoke 20 joints per day?  Or more?
You say it as if the issues that took down Big Tobacco weren't true.
You sound like you want to tax people so that rich people can benefit. Who saw that coming?
Big tobacco has toxins and poisons in it
Propaganda. "Propaganda works best when those who are being manipulated are confident they are acting on their own free will"-Joe Goebbels
Burn them out. Stop drugs any way you can. Fools this is against the law. Tell bummer idiots stop drugging and shooting cops jail them.
Why don't you want to support the economy? Colorado has made billions and we're like 4 times the size.
Simple. If it happens to be true, they can pay people like you to lie about it for as long as possible while they make money
Wow John. 1st you want to kill humans by taking health ins away. Now you want to take away safe pain management from chronic pain sufferers?
One EVIL hombre
No link to the article.
Maybe he toaked a doobie before he tweeted.
Tobacco kills 200K Americans a year. Marijuana kills 0.
We won't know until it starts to happen what effects biology and environment have.
Tobacco has medicinal purposes?
Also means that oh crap! We get to figure out what side effects there are of usage.
Pretty sure marijuana doesnt give people cancer so it might be a little different
I'm pro-legalization, but smoking anything is a risk to lung health. I'm not sure where vaping comes in and I think edibles are safe.
So while yay research and in large enough pops to start weeding out  (pun not intended, srsly. It's early) stats noise...
Don't know. The macabre problem is that now tbere are control pops to measure marijuana usage against.
Simple. There are no "same health issues" because cigs are full of toxins, marijuana isn't.
Today would be a good day to investigate @JohnCornyn
