.@JohnCornyn Still leaves a deficit and doesn't begin to touch debt.
how?
The bad news is everything else.
Shame on you @JohnCornyn for making big pharma and insurance companies richer and hurting your constituents.
Oh yes, while I am lying on my death bed I'll  be sure to thank you for lowering the deficit... you caused.
I've moved here from SC but boy do I miss Graham. You and Cruze are enough to make me vote Democratic
DUMP TRUMPCARE, START LOOKING FOR A JOB CORNEY
Listen buddy how about we all get your health insurance since we pay your paycheck?
How much would it save the US to STOP WARMONGERING?!?
are you leaving out the rest of it because you don't like it? Like the bad news that 24m people more will be uninsured?
And kill people in the process.
Good news for who? 24+million will lose HC. Oh That's right u & ur buddies will get a YUGE tax break. the rest of us!!
I guess that's what happens when the govt leaves the sick and elderly high and dry. Cutting Trump's trips to FL would cut same $
again. Saving money is great, but not at expense of taking care of the people. Let's get rid of all services and wipe deficit!!
Right now we have plenty of cash for that useless wall. You realize majority of that deficit came from Bush war & Cheney's spend
How can it cut deficit when it's giving millionaires tax breaks ?
on the backs of the neediest in our society-that is why AARP and AMA oppose it- it's because it is such a good bill
How many lives will be lost to save that money? How many families will you devastate to give millionaires a tax break?
Shut Up u r making it worse !!! 2018
more interested in cutting off #corporatewelfare than services that help real people, how much of the deficit would that cut?
Because no one will have insurance!
and give how much in tax breaks to the 1%?
and make 24 million citizens lose coverage...4 million more than were gained under the ACA.
The bad news is 24 million people will loose health care insurance and people will DIE
24 million people will lose health insurance. Congress had health insurance.  If it's good enough for Congress, why not the rest
@SenateGOP @HouseGOP @POTUS @SpeakerRyan $337billions in tax cuts for campaign donors, millions of voters lose health insurance.
Throwing the sick and elderly off to save money, that's the GOP plan?  You are pleased with that?  Horrendous.
it will cut the deficit by reducing Medicaid & kicking the most vulnerable off of health insurance. That's awesome 
liar
yeah because it is cheaper to let people die.
@SenateRPC because 24,000,000 people willl dumped off of health insurance as a result. Save money or premature deaths rises?
because poor, sick people will be dead! You feel good about that? #cowardlycornyn
.@JohnCornyn The good news is that old people won't get medical care? Why? BC @GOP only wins w/ old voters? #Dems don't want to win that way
We could stop paying for Trump's vacations and paying Congress altogether. That too would cut the budget.
@SenateRPC John, if u believe so much in this proposal, put ur $ where ur mouth is. Give up ur coverage & cut ur salary to $20k
while millions go WITHOUT healthcare.  Thx GOP for NOT representing the people.
you left out the part about 24 million losing health insurance.  You're a Texan be completely honest please.
I guess we know what is more important to you
At the expense of the American people and your constituents!
please retire
how many won't have coverage & care?
Only decreases if you don’t spend elsewhere.  1T for infrastructure, defense increase.
And so would raising taxes on the wealthy.
24 million people gone, just like that! Out to sea on ice floes? No medical care for you! I'll be we can cut Defense even more!
u want to save $ don't build a wall, cut security for Melania, and stop putting the spy cameras in microwaves. I vote & u r out!
Wow, since when do you even care about that?
Easy to save money when you cut the small expense of 26 million people. You could cut extraneous Defense spending, but oh well.
Could also save more of the bill didn't redistribute wealth from the poor/sick to the rich. Disgusting.
The "starve my daughter" act of 2017 will save me *so much* on groceries! & it cuts the *debt* by that *over 10 years*.
hat would be achieved by killing health insurance for 24 million people and gutting Medicare. And you think that's a good idea?
Over many years. In the meantime, 2 expensive and very limited. My mother is elderly and she deserves care as well.
and 20 million more without insurance. What a travesty.
How can you support a plan that is as invasive in our lives as Obamacare? Republicans promised a REPEAL! KEEP YOUR PROMISES!
re-prioritize Military Budget and cut there
we all have debt. Get over it and take care of the people. UR a Coward!
when Christians read that same report, it wasn't the $$$ that stood out-it was the fact that 24M would lose coverage. Shameful.
Yes, by throwing 24 million people off health insurance. Or 26 million if you believe the WH.
Let's cut budget deficit by $1000 billion by eliminating all Senator's n Reps Health insurance pd by taxpayers @JoaquinCastrotx
The bad news is the millions who will lose healthcare!
What is the cost of 30-50M uninsured people to GDP? What is the cost of the coming bankruptcies? Penny wise pound short. #Resist
Bc you are blowing up Medicaid. If we cut our funding of the military that wld reduce deficits too. #resist #alternativefacts
Instead of trying to convince us "trumpcare" is good, try convincing your party to take care of people not YOUR pocketbooks.
So It's a #WEALTHCARE plan?   For the rich?   If you were serious about this, there wouldn't be a 900B tax reduction for wealthy
Yeah, at the cost of 6% of the population not having access to affordable health care.
Cutting tax breaks to exceedingly wealthy would help more. How much is my life worth, anyway?
24 MILLION *fewer* insured by 2026!! It really is #DontCare #TrumpcareFail #Trumpcare #gophealthbill #GodlessGOP
0.02% at the cost of 24 million losing coverage. anything to save a buck, right? why not look at cutting defense spending?
, sending Medicaid back to the states because we know how well Texas has taken care of the children and moms
The bad news is people will die for your. Monetary savings.
Take healthcare from 24 million and you cut the deficit. I could have thought of that plan, John.
that might make up for all that we're spending on @POTUS's excess security, travel needs, and golf games 
Cutting the deficit at the expense of the health coverage of millions of Americans. I don't think that is a good tradeoff. You?
because nobody has coverage.  Read the whole thing!  It really costs more.  I am not sure u can read at this point
sounds like one big medicaid for all. More I hear less I like. Also sounds like quick reduction now and huge rise in cost later.
Seriously?!! So would eliminating every senators lifetime pension and medical coverage. Let's start there!
People will die without healthcare. That's not how we save money in my house. #SavetheACA #TrumpCare #SaveOurCare
people will *literally die* if the current bill passes, but hey, we'll save a few bucks
it also said 24 million would be uninsured.   #CherryPickedFacts
until we give the richest people more tax breaks or we use it to afford all the Presidents family travel. Poof. Gone.
I'd rather have bigger deficits but my fellow citizens healthier and safer, thanks. I care about people more than money.
What's the bad news?
.@JohnCornyn when the CFO of Ford says they can save $$$M by stop maintaining assembly line robots, does CEO consider that good news?
yes, all those dead people will save the government lots of money...
is that all you care about is money? What about the health of your constituents? Who are you and where is your integrity???!
not good news for Texas or its more vulnerable and weak. You watch out for the rich and powerful but lest the poor die. ACA>AHCA
@POTUS The bill is a complete Loser! Could cause GOP bloodbath in '18. GOP elected officials are fools for sticking their necks out for it.
well, so would eliminating  insurance for congress.Let's do that 2.That'll save lots of  then u will HC same Hc as I will. None
tell us the bad news too. Do your damn job you lazy, self serving, soon to be former Senator.
cut taxes for the rich, too!  They should pay into the deficit!
Do you like torturing kittens also?
but we will all be sick and broke!
And the bad news??
of the replies to @JohnCornyn's Tweet are critical. Looks like cutting the budget isn't "good news" John.
just stop, john.
so you value money over people's lives? How much is a life worth to you? 54 million uninsured by 2026.
And how much wil Trumps proposed tax cuts for 1% raise deficits? In end win/win for wealthy, screw everyone else. @JohnCornyn
yes let Americans die while we give tax breaks to the wealthy. This is  not humane!!!
Want to cut the deficit? Find something else to cut it with. Like, I don't know, defense perhaps. Is WWIII around the corner?
imagine if it didn't have all those tax cuts for the rich...
It IS all about money for U & GOP, isn't it? NEWSFLASH: as people die from your bad plan, the gov. will save even more $! SICK!
at the cost of 24 mil Americans losing health ins while raising premiums for those covered on individual market. #SavetheACA
so basically you're happy about saving money while people die! #SavetheACA
there is no good news with this bill. Get it right the first time.
So forget about the people who this bill will kill, at least we will save money!
are you serious? As you let the poor and elderly be targets for this debacle. Matthew 25:40
he was speaking to the Church in Matthew 25:40 not the Government. The Church is to take care of the poor
So, 33 billion (in a budget of 4 trillion) in savings a year so 22 million can lose insurance. Seems a bad trade-off.
Not to mention how many seniors you are screwing. Good news . Cut corporate welfare to make up difference.
Less ins for poor, higher taxes for poor.  Less taxes for rich. Working citizens paying for it. Stand up for us or go home
how about the # of people it will cut services??  How about YOU and @SpeakerRyan try it first let us know how you make out FRAUD
And cause 24-26M to lose their health insurance, and kill approximately 30K per year. You have an odd concept of "good news".
THAT SHOULD cover Trump's travel.
how dare you say that while 24 million Americans will lose healthcare. If we are Christians how can we morally be okay with that
while the poorest suffer the most and the rich get richer. You claim to be Christian? Ha!
Congrats! Leave millions more people to fend for themselves so we can build the idiotic wall and give money back to the rich
without a doubt, your worst tweet to date. Profits over people. Nice. 
- the good news is the govt has more cash on paper, bad news is more people have to die or go bankrupt &/or hungry. Even trade?
because people won't be able to afford healthcare.
over a decade, not tomorrow & fewer people covered and elderly on fixed income pay more. Shame on GOP.
well, more dead people, so less spending...
more people will die Senator Cornyn.  What's the price tag on that?
You know what would cut the deficit even more? Single payer, you pestiferous jizzflounder.
Over ten years. What's the bad news,  John?
And 20K+ more Americans will die prematurely each year, but that doesn't bother you sociopaths, does it?
it's a no brained that money would saved when less people are covered.  Imagine how much more you would have w/o tax cuts!
 hey there is a good part
By killing Granny!
.@JohnCornyn at what cost, John? At what cost?
.@JohnCornyn Is that the price of people's lives?  Money is better spent on walls and golfing?
@hughhewitt To most Americans this has little meaning. If your 50+ and can't afford it who gives a f***.
enough! You are supposed to have our back
The bad news? Just about everything else about the bill
haha. The bad news is its a POS w/ 24 million uninsured, 100s of billions in cuts for wealthy + costs more for old and poor.
.@JohnCornyn Trumpcare: tax cut for the super rich, millions' insurance taken away, poor people die in the gutter. #WhatIsWrongWithYou
Of course you think that is the good news. Maybe don't built a wall? That would save soooo much more.
Cherry picking doesn't work. Some estimates high, some low, some good, some bad. They are estimates, and were made by good folks
we'll spend that on #Cheetos trips to Florida so why not use it to give every American #healthcare
Y'all get out of bed with big pharma and insurance execs. Then things will get better. But no. You're just a heartless man.
that's like saying the good news for a double amputee is that he'll save money on shoes
PERFECT analogy!
because it cuts 24M people off of healthcare.  Great work!  :/
@hughhewitt $339B over 10yrs against current national debt $19.9T is de minimis as a debt reducer alone.
The rich thank you. Once again the GOP proves it has zero concept as to the needs of the populous.
healthcare is not a budget this means more people will be uninsured...this don't sound like you are representing the people
Has the corporate welfare to the oil industry been ended yet?
but then millions die in the process. Hey, win some lose some, right?
Don't worry about the 24 million poor and older folks that will lose insurance.
Don't worry about the burden Obama Care puts on the middle class to carry the load!
would you use that savings to investigate Russian influence in our government? Prob not.
bottom line: $$$ over people.
ahca is good work....get it passed.
Good news?! What about the 24 million people without coverage? Will you allow your family to be on this new plan?
24 million more people will be uninsured.  That is the bad news.
@hughhewitt unfortunately president trump made the narrative about coverage not fiscal discipline. Kinda hard to rebrand now
apparently u don't care it's at the expense of 24m of the elderly & poor. Reality it's a tax cut for the 1%. Shameful!
It's easy to save money when 24 million people lose their insurance.
that's great, but it could also help out a lot more of the poor and middle class without all he giant tax cuts to the rich.
Along with health to the middle income families, the poor, and elderly. And give TAX CUTS to wealthy. @DFWIndivisible @MSNBC
@hughhewitt Would be better without the $900 Billion in tax breaks for people who don't need it
Take the bad with the good. Where do the uninsured end up when they need healthcare. Emergency room? Who pays & at what premium?
As long as I get to pay for your health care so I can pay 8000.00 a month age tax to give medicare I paid in to to the 1 precent
at what Cost in human suffering?
wanna see human suffering, go to a third world country!
You don't need to travel! Republicans are on track to turn U.S. into a third-world hellhole in two years.
last time I looked it was the Liberals in the streets rioting destroying business making us 3rd worldish
Look harder. A couple of smashed Starbucks windows vs. annihilating the middle and lower classes? Please.
Oh, wait. You may have a point.
I forgot they also dumped over a garbage can!
#ohthehumanity #civilwar
john, if your mother lost healthcare, would you be proud of that savings?
if the GOP is immoral what does that make the "everything goes" liberal Democrats.
and all the other stuff that's on that bill that y'all don't want others to know
When the poorer sicker people die faster from lack of coverage it will save us a ton of money in the long run
Also: 24 million Americans with no insurance. That's a thing, too, but they can just go the E.R. and stop buying iPhones, right?
prioritize!
Republicans make Grandma's insurance four times more expensive, then tell her to "prioritize." Good plan, Skippy.
prepare for retirement, personal responsibility, self reliance. Why aren't you taking better care of your Grandma?
people will still pay John. Either in insurance or ER...you KNOW it's cheaper to have insurance than going to the ER every time.
24 million thrown off health insurance. How much do you and your buddies save? Monster. Blood on your hands, John.
I hope you have nightmares and cold sweats. I HOPE someone is blackmailing you. I hope you wonder when it will all come out.
and I hope you remember: it always comes out. 

Always.
We could cut twice that much if Trump would quit running off to Mar a Lago to party every weekend, Senator Fiscal Conservative.
has he caught up  to Obama's vacations and golf trips costs yet?
Why, yes! Yes, he has. What the Obamas spent in a year, he blew through in a month. Not even counting T kids' trips!
show me the numbers?

so sick of this HC debate, HC is a personal responsibility, it's the working middle class carrying the load in this country!
As soon as he "showed you the numbers" you started arguing about something else.
Cognitive dissonance is a powerful thing. Especially when turbocharged by identity politics.
Yep. And 24 million people would lose health insurance within 10 years. Reckless and irresponsible. #gonein2020
half would volunteer to drop insurance because the penalty is gone. Cheaper to not have insurance that pay a fine.
@hughhewitt millions will die but think of the savings!!!
Irrelevant.

"I just pissed in the desert to help with a drought — where's my praise?!"
@JohnCornyn
WSJ: The good news is that CBO estimates that the American Health Care Act would cut the budget deficit by $337 billion
