The silence of evangelicals on #Charlottesville makes it perfectly clear who they really serve. 
It's not Jesus.
The @GOP needs to stop pushing the false narrative that Mexicans are rapists and drug dealers. Data, and #Charlottesville, shows true enemy.
I have an idea, John. Have a town hall and we can all talk about this important topic.
It showed how racist 45 and his party really are. You're a white supremacists just like the ones in Charlottesville. Shame on you!
And the significance of this is? Spiritual justification of- racist actions and attitudes? Violent supremacist group activity?
So how do you interpret this metaphor, or is this a euphemism for a diverse population that abstains from interracial relations?
Would that be a tossed salad?
DUMP TRUMP
Maybe a lesson is don't support white supremacists or a @POTUS that supports them b/c you will lose your next election? #votecornynout
Defense Race Relations Institute on it in Pensacola, Fl back in the 80's. Now GOP must get used to the idea there is "fruit" in that salad.
if you were talking to evangelicals like @robertjeffress they would say the salad needs less Minorities and Muslims more racist whites.
Thanks been a while since I learned a new white nationalist racist term: definitely like "blending " better than "assimilation "
Are you promoting "separate but equal?"
Try talking to YOUR CONSTITUENTS! You have NO clue because you are too bought & you only listen to money.
Yet you stay silent. You're a spineless tool. Your silence = consent. Own it Johnny. Be an adult and take responsibility or do something.
I agree, but that's old. Been using that analogy since high school.
#AnyoneButCornyn2020
That makes absolute no sense
What lessons did you, personally, learn @JohnCornyn ?
I don't really care what dish we are and why as long as this hate nonsense stops.
Glad to hear that resonated with you. I wrote the EXACT same sentence in a college paper back in the 70's. Gave a talk at the... 1/2
Yeah, a great big salad w big turds N it & Trump just did free ad 4 the turds. Why don't you stand up to @realDonaldTrump?Do the right thing
A woman was murdered. And your leader defends the murderer because he's a white supremacists. This analogy supports the construct of race.
Sure would have liked to have sat in on that conversation especially since I'm in Texas
Which part of the salad wants to kick the other part out of the bowl and/or kill them? Or put more dressing only on leaves already covered?
...and a few of the vegetables feel threatened to exist in the same bowl, so they keep trying to whitewash everything with ranch dressing?
Why does that even mea ??
Just checking: The subtext of this tweet is that Neo-Nazi violence can be blamed on multiculturalism? Would love a clarification.
WRONG - we r diverse in our races religions ethnicities and believes but we are all united in defending FREEDOM from tyranny!
The lesson is that Republicans (i.e. You) have left a legit madman & racist innoffice well past his expiration date. Do something, senator.
Meanwhile Evangelicals are the LEAST qualified group to address racism. And thats the group advising Trump.
That quote. That's the lesson you received talking to religious leaders about the murder by racists? Are you serious? #votehimout

Read these stories about some of the horrific deaths that took place under Joe Arpaio's watch. He is a monster. http://www.phoenixnewtimes.com/2007-12-20/news/dead-end/ …
What religious leaders?  That racist in Dallas?
What does that even mean?
How is this relevant to anything?
I agree in the US we are salad, In Brazil I often heard the analogy that the US was a salad and they are a melting pot.
#DeepThoughtsByJohnCornyn
Sure... a salad where 1/2 the lettuce is like "What the fuck is up with all these other vegetables" as they attempt to purge them...
That's sad.
Are we a tossed salad? Is someone tossing our salad?
Of what religions did you speak with? Did you include the muslim community in your talks?
Will you come talk to more of your constituents at a townhall?
Yet you help con't circle of hate & racism by not denouncing hate groups & suppressing #VotingRights4All & not listening to diverse voices
With a bunch of spoiled vegetables
Doesn't help when the president keeps emphasizing the more incompatible ingredients to our republic
I wonder what it would be like to have a senator who cared enough to have a Town Hall. Or even just answer tweets.
And you're trying to toss this salad?
Investigate the Leftwing roots of all involved in that. Jason Kessler, Brennen Gilmore (witness), McAuliffe, Perriello, mayor/Charlottesvill
Okay and this means what? Everyone wants to be here, Charlottesville should never have happened

Diverse faith leaders?
Thank you Sen.  It means we all keep our cultural & religious identity in this salad bowl called the USA. Please hear that & tell DT too
PS thank you for posting it
You need to find more intelligent people to talk to @txlege @txdemwomen
Meaning what, exactly?
What does that mean?
I suggest you talk with @RevDrBarber he would really enlighten you. Oh and really, you didn't think the Russian threat was serious? You Suck
However you hide from your constituents. When's your town hall?
Why is buzzfeed reporting that Brennan complained that you refused to take the russian hacking reports seriously? Traitor!!!
You're a traitor

Ex-CIA Dir. Brennan complained that McConnell, Cornyn didn't "appreciate the gravity" of Russian interference. https://www.buzzfeed.com/jasonleopold/some-in-congress-dont-get-the-gravity-of-russian-election …
Not profound. That trope is several decades old, at least.
Indeed. Someone needs to get out more. Maybe take a class in US history? #NotAsProfoundAsYouThinkItIs
Fascinating insight
What does that explicitly mean? Please explain.
pretty sad, it's okay to think different.  Some groups have become to dangerous.  Your attitude  is pretty lame!
DNA suggests it's more of a melting pot. Most white people are not as white as they believe themselves to be. http://www.pbs.org/newshour/updates/white-supremacists-respond-genetics-say-theyre-not-white/ …

It's actuall 9 times now.
Hey John, maybe you should have towns halls & talk to your constituents!
Excuse you. Religion divides the people with comments like this. This is why my religion will never be that. People were created for variety
The insane word salad from Trump is dividing America. Do something for once.
Both are impure and hard to eat. Not like KFC! Pure white chicken. Think about it!
Neat story, Grandpa. Tell us again about how the Nazis were real nice people who were just misunderstood.
Looking for a colorless god in a black and white world
U shud have taken the time 2talk 2religious leaders that opposed  idiot-in-chief @realDonaldTrump from beginning  http://www.calledtoresist.org/ 
You know what might be really helpful after #Charlottesville Senator? A person who has the courage to do Town Halls across Texas. Sadly...
A salad with salmonella poisoning by Trump Bannon Rubio Cruz and you!
Wth?  I know there's a crazy person in the white house. Are you mentally ill as well?
What's wrong with melting pot?salad makes us sound like we are all totally separate,where you can pick and chose what you want.Sounds racist
I prefer soup/stew.  Ingredients retain some individuality, but flavors still meld & enhance one another- becomes greater than sum of parts
at which of your townhalls did this occur in?
A salad is made of white beans only, mayonaise dressing.
Justifying something? This is so unhelpful (even if you found it a clever analogy). What do you think we are? Americans, by any chance?
I expect better from a US Senator. This isn't junior high civics time. We have a madman in office.
Perhaps if you had some truly open meetings where people could talk in depth, maybe you'd understand more.
Melting pot? Salad?  Try PEOPLE...we are people.  You are supposed to represent us all, not just the ones that look like you
And that's ok
Agreed. Don't you think it's a shame?
surely you knew this analogy before Charlottesville #prayingforyou
Who cares what "religious leaders" have to say about anything? They lost any claim to moral authority when they elected their golden calf.
And then they buried it for a generation when they toed the line on Trump's support for literal Nazis.

Your party, your people, Senator.
Did either tell you to have your party stop playing footsie with f*cking Nazis?
Boy that's a profound takeaway. Maybe next time you should eat lunch before you go to one of these things.
Did you just learn this? What's it like to be a mushroom.
Let me guess...you hate salads.
I prefer stew....and the gravy is the law and constitution that binds us all together.
Thank you Shakespeare. Good Grief - go to work
Toss a Nazi in the air
Where he lands I do not care...
Well put.
Racist "Christians" like yourself are the only ones who see it that way.
Wow, I totally didn't hear that in middle school. What does this have to do with neo-Nazis marching with the intent of violence?
That's a good point, actually. A melting pot would imply gelling, which America's never done.
Yet you still stand with 45 and have not called him out on it. Pathetic
This is not a new insight and nor is it challenging the racism in the WH in any way. When are you gonna stand for ALL Texans in DC?
Tacky just tacky! I really dont know what to say about a man your age that has no compassion for people. If you havent learned by now...
And you don't pour white ranch on top of everything on a salad
We are all equal in God's eyes
Nice that you're learning, it's not a new analogy. I heard it in grad school in the 90's at UT. Diversity makes us stronger.
But when you think about it, we are not so much a melting pot, or a salad, as we are....a sandwich. #teenquotes #makesyouthink #icantgetabon
Doesn't matter what analogy you use. The president is fostering and defending a culture of division and hatred.
So is John. Re-read his tweet.
It can't be said enough of who's enabling, supporting and more so not holding certain leadship figures accountable *coughcoughpresident*
Which religions? Racist don't want a melting pot. They want a "pure" green salad with white ranch dressing. You support @POTUS - one of them
And the  Christian right is happy to keep it that way.
Why are you against the wall and support amnesty for millions of illegals? #noamnesty #nobailouts
There's a wall yet there are still illegal Guatemalan getting into the USA. Wall don't stop people.
https://twitter.com/nprpolitics/status/899249672618778625 … #CensureTrump #Censure
Confederate Statues Were Built To Further A 'White Supremacist Future' http://n.pr/2fW8ZDT 
Why is your name not on this letter? Do you support white supremacists?!? https://twitter.com/kylegriffin1/status/899275024871436288 …
#Censure #CensureTrump
Democratic Senators are asking DHS why the Trump administration repeatedly de-emphasizes domestic terror attacks. 
Not only does he support them, look @ his legislation. He is one.
Segregation is still an issue, correct. Four centuries of enslavement doesn't disappear. Especially when you blame poor for their state...
You must be a public school graduate.
As opposed to your Fox news and hillbilly home school education? I'll take the public schools.
Why do you support this??! #Censure #CensureTrump
Hey, remember when Trump cut funding from the DHS's anti-extremist program, and specifically ended investigation of white supremacists? 
There are only two types of people, good and bad, color and ethnicity has nothing to do with it
