And once you get done fixing it the will have none!  But at least couples making more than 250k per year won't have to pay the dividend tax!
We all need more options no matter where we live
That's the fault of Texas' leaders. Do your job.
It's the GOP Senate's fault for not having a plan ready 2 go. You had 6 years. Ppl R hurting & GOP Senate did NOTHING. Take responsibility.
Single payer.
& whatever you do, don't mention the Russians.
It is estimated? Why don't you know for sure? LIES and more LIES
My wife receives $700 a moth, medicare in Texas cost her $400 a month, thanks to you're sorry ass. TERM LIMITS, 14 years in senate, nothing
...the racist pricks they are.
Something that you guys helped push along with legislation and defunding that Corrupt Trump and your party has done. Rather than strengthen
None of my friends are making money off this so let's but the regulations and kill it.
SO @JohnCornyn let's see follow through!  Repeal. Replace
Full repeal healthcare is not a right
Then get rid of Medicare too!!
No- some people need help. It is our responsibility to take care of them.
Why not take care of all citizens who need help- not just elderly?  Single payer is the way to go - so much $ wasted on insurance cos.
Single payer is socialism. People in need deserve our help. Working age healthy people don't need it. Deregulation of insurance needed
We'll have to disagree. Deregulation=blank check for insurance cos.  Social security & Medicare r socialism people just won't admit it.
Social security is not socialism. Americans have been paying into it for a long time. Government has abused their power by borrowing
Social security is socialism. Doesn't mean it's bad.  Also when you "paid in" it was paying for your elders, now younger pay for your care
I want to see a list of Rep. who are not supporting Trump's programs.  Yes, he ran on those issues but WE VOTED for those ideas, get with it

@ChrisMurphyCT explains how #Obamacare isn't dying Trump is purposefully killing it
Big John, you should ask @GregAbbott_TX to expand Medicaid in our state. We already paid for it!
It's too expensive
And whose fault is that? Oh that's right the damn republicans
Do you have the GUTS TO BLAME THE INSURANCE COMPANIES WHO FUND YOU?
@GOP: "Mission accomplished."
thanks to @GOP doing it's best to assist the "downward spiral" of their hated obamacare. or more to the point, their hatred of @BarackObama.
if you had worked with the Dems. this would not have happened, it not too late Senatpr
as usual theyR th reason we needed affordable hlthcare.ind hlthcare has always stunk!& U continue to let them rule
Can't even imagine why...
The Republican Party has done a great job at destroying ACA. You should be proud. Greed over caring for others at what price?
What's your plan? Tax the rich more? Why should one group of people pay for another's benefits? ACA is done for and has to be repealed now!!
How is that Texas medicaid expansion going Senator?  Texas has the highest uninsured rate in the USA.  Is that called Lone Star Hypocrisy?
I live in San Antonio and my mom has United Healthcare and my dad has Blue Cross but I agree that OCare needs to go! #RepealAndReplace
The demoncrats have chosen not to assist in this matter. Let O'care fail. Let the cities suffer the rampage.
Not necessarily a bad thing.  On Tricare prime, I have 1 provider and not much choice.  I have good health care.
So Repeal the Goddamned Bill!!!
Do your F***ing Job!
Because you are denying payments to pressure support for your crap bill. #GOPliars
Your point? At least they have one!
Keep lying. You are doing this on purpose to destroy this plan. You should try to fix. It's all on you. You guys destroy it you guys pay.
Maybe Texas shouldn't have rejected Medicaid expansion.
This man and the senate are deep in dark money and building a bigger dark state
Single payer now!!!
SO FIX IT, DEAL WITH THE COMPANIES DO YOUR JOB!!!!!

THE EASY WAY OUT IS TO WHINE ABOUT ACA AND MAKE IT LOOK BAD SO YOU CAN JEOPARDIZE 24M!
Because your furor is defunding and sabotaged it! You had 7 years to come up with a better plan. Do your job!
So for the millions who will have no coverage if the GOP fascist plan gets passed, you have nothing to say, right? One is better than none.
you know that the uncertainty of insurance subsidy is driving them out of market.
Well, the Republicans have done everything the could to sabotage the ACA for the last 7 years. FIX ACA
why do u care more about rich donors than working people u r supposed to represent?
GOP has refused to pay risk corridors & now they r afraid of trump not paying subsidies. U could FIX it! No tax cuts!
So what are you doing about it sir ? You have had eight years to put something together & all we is more talk
Self inflicted.
GOP opposition is causing instability in the industry. Plus Abbott refused medicaid expansion.
Perhaps the Governor should have approved the expanded Medicaid. But please let not do anything that might help a poor working person.
You seem to think that repeating lies or omitting all the information somehow makes it true...TrumpRussia
You're sabotaging ACA because you're all #heartless. Fix ACA and put the people first. Too bad we can't send you all packing with #TRUMP
And your solution is??? More criticism of the previous administration?
Wonder why... ?Not ACA...must be all the changes of these politicians in control & talk of repealing/replacing ACA.
Expand Medicare for all.
Get TX GOP out of bathrooms; get GOP off women's bodies, & start working on behalf of all Texans. Where that townhall schedule?
Did you explain how GOP gov refused 2 participate in insurance exchanges while claiming federal troops were poised 2 invade TX? Delusional
And whose fault is that? You've obstructed the needs of your constituents every step of the way. #hypocrisy  #turntexasblue #resist
Sir. I've been in the Texas Risk Pool. DURING CHEMOTHERAPY! Call me and I'll fill you in on my nightmare.
Single payer! Can you imagine the coverage you'd get if you said those two words?!?
u tbad repukes are happy w/that u dont give a fuc about the ppl fuk you
What are the estimates of how many Texans would have affordable choices for healthcare if the state worked with #ACA instead of refusing?
Why doesn't anyone hold the insurance companies themselves responsible? They seem to play the victim, yet their profits continue to rise.
That's why we need Medicare for all. Have a town hall and we can discuss it. 
At least the have insurance when your one with trumpcare they will have none
Three reasons to vote GOP out
1 Not trying to fix ACA
2 Standing by tRump 
3 Budget cuts to education/medicare etc
#resist #TotalShitShow
SURPRISE! NOT! REPUKS SABOTAGED ACA FROM START RE-FUND RISK CORRIDOR!!! TRAITORS ALL OF U
Stop trying to justify your cruelty
and for what?  We have had how many years of it? And, what did we end up with?
Nothing.  A waist of time, $$ and Talent. Your Time, our Dime
Lol your dumbness soaked into me, stay out to avoid prosecution, causing a need for extradition, my disgust clouds my thoughts
nothing in the AHCA increases the number of insurance providers in counties with only 1 provider under ACA.Will GOP gov mandate more?
2017 days
@GOP had 2017 days & crafted #Trumpcare & #Failure
Any other employer on earth would fire all of you
2017 days, pitiful
So quit talking about it. And do the right thing. Single payer
And again, who's fault is that?  Yes the GOP. You are a bunch of murders. You're time is at an end.
Thanks @POTUS!
You can thank yourselves for sabotaging America's health care and putting your party ahead of your nation #GOPGenocide
McConnell got 40 Million from Trump backers last cycle. How can we trust him to judge @realDonaldTrump fairly? #CitizensUnited
Better give them what they want then. It's not enough that they can hold our feet to the coals, pay them!
Are you #complicit, Sir? Time for the #GOP to stand up to #corruption!  #TrumpRussia
#TRUMPLEAKS DOCUMENT LEAK:

419 docs—Trump lawsuits-contracts-leases-settlements—all legally obtained.…
We have been defending industrialized countries for 2 generations with universal health care. America LAST when it comes to healthcare.
The senator has literally not one voice of support on this thread. Not one. Time to go, John. You suck.
And if u and the republican did Your job 7 years ago this crying we here now what might have been fixed like we the people do everyday dark
Jonathan's to TRUMP for saying he wants to eliminate subsidiaries. 
Thanks to.....
Still would like to have one of you talk about how geographic monopoly plays a role in this one insurer in a county spiel you love so much.
Your Twitter profile photo looks like a rejected Cialis commercial still.
Are ANY of you Insured through http://healthcare.gov ? Maybe you should try it sometime...your answers & frustrations may be more clear.
...You need to decide what is more important...People OR Profit?
Not doing enough to keep insurance companies in exchanges...And letting them leave...And they continue to profit either way.  
Because you're not doing anything to fix Obamacare
I ask again - have you talked to Texas Medical Center leadership about how repealing ACA will affect the world's largest medical center?
If McConnell & the rest of the crooked Republicans had worked with President Obama on the ACA..it would be good..It's all on the Republicans
@JohnCornyn is a GOP political prostitute parroting talking points for his insurance company donors.
Quit trying to kill it!! FIX IT!!
Ur Fault !!!! We will not let u forget it FIX ACA ....nothing less will do
Time to start calling and emailing John again!  Seems like he thinks we've all gone away.
Pathetic little men destroying this great country. Terrified that WOMEN are going to take over. Maybe we should.
Where did you get those figures?
options are available for individuals who do not have specialty prescriptions or otherwise are not being treated for chronic illnesses
Thanks trump
Thanks to you and your pals ... http://www.cbpp.org/sabotage-watch-tracking-efforts-to-undermine-the-aca … What a partisan hack.
Improve it instead of lying and pretending you can't do anything. You were elected to help not hurt people. STOP FUCKING WITH OUR HEALTHCARE
Not really sure that bragging about your party sabotaging the US health care system is the best move here.
Texas didn't expand Medicaid for this.
I have Ocare and only have one option.
Yeh thanks to the GOP, our counties will have more providers but less coverage. You're killing American citizens... General Opposition Party
You stand there and lie because the GOP pulled funding .But you have healthcare paid for by us the tax payers.Cut you healthcare
The @GOP OWNS Healthcare! If it fails it is on YOU! #TurnCongressBlueIn18
And if you repeal ACA they will have 0.
Because you are looking for it to fail by not funding it appropriately....you would rather see your citizens suffer for political gain
It'll be LESS than that w the current Trumpcare I'm disabled & won't b able 2 gt insurance thnx
Medicare for all Americans. That is how you work for the people. Medicare for all
Well since the right has been making every possible move to tank the ACA..... seriously cornyn get a life.
Due to @GOP sabotage.
Then you should have participated in the program more and worked with instead of against Obama
Estimated by whom?
Thanks to the Republicans not upholding promises to insurance companies. Can not your voters see what you have done to the ACA? Shameful!
Get your jobs done GOP we want Presidents plans just do it
Wow a blitz of tweets because of #russiagate, But no, work with what we have #ACA #resist
Texas @GOP has done everything possible to sabotage #ACA #Obamacare, to the detriment of its own citizens, for purely political purposes
Why didn't you show up 4our town halls, coward?
Bc YOU allowed. 7 yrs inthe majority &U did NOTHING but allow ins cos to take advantage.@realDonaldTrump own words-let the Am ppl suffer.
Why not a special "high risk pool" for Congressmen who want to deprive people w/ preexisting conditions.  It's in AlligatorLand, Florida.
Thats a joke if somebody can't tell.  But seriously, why am I supposed to fund for wealthy people a tax subsidy? Stop robbing USA, #GOP
Wasn't that your plan right along? Let insurance companies keep quitting without repercussion as you systematically kill the ACA? Shallow.
Perhaps you should do something about for-profit insurance then?
Bull shit!!!!!
#SinglePayer is the answer. Insurance industry has no valid role They only suck $ out of the healthcare system by denying access
The Texas senate voted to let pro-life obstetricians lie to #Zika infected pregnant women & say fetus with microcephaly on sonogram is fine.
So the really voted to make Texas government bigger. When birth parents cant afford they will be releasing their rights to the state. Si the
state will have to have more social workers, more orphanages, employees for the homes, ect. Republicans never think of Newtons laws
And so MORE GOVT INTERVENTION IN FREE MARKETS must be the right answer? RINOs- against big govt except when they are for it. #FullRepeal
You must be so thrilled, it takes real effort to sabotage & plan the destruction of a program that has saved lives. You go! Really, just go.
Wonder why.Most issues with ACA were caused by obstructionist Republicans colluding with insurers for ACA failure.  #FixACA #SaveACA #NoAHCA
I'll finish this for you. "Because we aren't fully funding the ACA as promised and because of the insecurity of the market we are causing."
The lies need to stop. You are the cause of all the problems. Fix it. Don't repeal it and replace it with a tragedy. #NoAHCA
The only possible functional option of replacement that would benefit Americans is Medicare for all. To try and convince us that there is
any way to make insurance companies happy to make money and the healthy NOT have to buy is a fairy tale dream. Either mandate/limit insuranc
profits or cut them out all together. I vote get rid of the greedy bastards and go to medicare for all
But you never explain why. Insurance companies blame you and your cronies.
Make no mistake, collusion to set prices in a monopoly environment  was promised to insurers! With @DNC loss, all bets are off! @BarackObama
And by golly if we have our way it will be none by summer.
What are you doing today get more insurers for us? I'm 62. Waiting 5 more years does nothing for me. Help us get more carriers now! @AARP
Same here in North Carolina
Too bad u don't have anything better 2 offer. Maybe should've fixed #ACA instead of gutting it
#healthcare #hypocrisy
It seems like more than 1/3 of our @GOP Congress have been taking payments from Russia. Every time I turn around there's reports of another
#MedicaidforAll
So fix that without taking HC from millions and gutting Medicade.
wi wi frick frick. Only 1 million people in New Hampshire. Secret service came by the other day. I have freedom or they insane. I love.
Let's make that 100% of our counties are covered by only 1 insurer with fixed prices for medical care.
It's called sabotage and the GOP is complicit in damaging our health insurance system to get a "win"
Obama care and trump are both socks universal care for all citizens regardless of how much or little a citizen makes find the funding
EXPAND MEDICARE AND MEDICAID!
Focus on finder the illegal leakers!!! This is a real threat does no one care??????
Well I for one am grateful to them. Otherwise we would be completely bamboozled.
How could you have lived without the Pizzagate Russian propaganda? You might have voted for someone better!
So fix it.
Your Leader #trumpleaks #coverup
For those using Obamacare. Better than none.
Texas, you can make this work. This is all you.
You guys are trumpeting problems that you created. Seems like a poor strategy.
And who's fault is that for not extending Medicare or implement #SinglePayer system?  YOURS!
Republicans fault. We are not stupid. Blaming Obamacare = 2018 massacre.
