125 national security leaks in first 126 days of @realDonaldTrump administration http://bit.ly/2tMkKCr 
Keep tweeting, please.  #2020cornynout
Looking for your comments/tweets about Russian attacks on behalf of Trump in our election. Where did you lose your way?
cornyn's way has always been  "ride the tide"
Are you sure this isn't #FakeNews ? Or is it only factual when it comes from a republican't?
4. "Crimes"? You used to use the language of freedom, which included phrases like "due process." Do you remember?
Hey Corndyck, would you tolerate any of the behavior of this administration if the POTUS was H.R. Clinton? Be honest, Answer like an adult.
8. So, since @SenRonJohnson is stating that all the items listed in the report are classified by him as 'state secrets'...
7. You can't keep spitting on your constituents forever, John. Every traitor will be exposed.
What you call "national security leaks" are mostly whistle blowing trying to keep that madman from devastating out democracy.
9. ... does he not realize he is stating that all these reports are therefore all true?
The whistleblowers are only criminals to those like you, Cornyn, who support the lies and corruption of the Trump Administration.
1. Trump inspires disloyalty because he is dishonest and secretive, in opposition to an "honest and open government."
So by ur standards Enron would still b in business of ripping off americans cuz no one should have leaked their deceitful actions. Wrong sir
Hey remember when your president gave code-word classified information to Russia? Where was your tweet about that? Or about his corruption?
Oh, that's right. You back him as he threatens our nat sec every day. Hypocrite.
17 intelligence agencies confirm russia involvement in hacking our election process. Trump doesn't beleieve it. Neither does GOP.
@JohnCornyn is working for someone other than his constituents. That's why he will never brave another town hall meeting again.
6. @RonJohnsonWI report is one of the worst examples of an authoritarian regime at work among the @GOP during the Trump administration.
BullShit! John. "Crimes" by patriots risking all to inform the American People of Republican perfidy and Treason? Patriots says I !
125 acts of patriotism against an unethical administration.
5. Now you judge all the media and reporters listed in Johnson's poorly researched document as guilty of "crimes."
3. What are you getting out of this, John? I hope that our free press catches up with you and whatever deep game you are playing.
2.. The real crime is how @gop like you are aiding and abetting his psychotic lying and anarchic dissembling of a once strong country.
What does that tell you about the leader of this country.
The criminal is meeting with the war lord as we tweet what are you doing to stop this rape of a nation ?
Good work on being one of the absolute worst senators in history
How about all the @realDonaldTrump crimes and lies????
You and your attitude toward the general public health is a huge national security problem.
It would be nice for you to grow a set of balls and lead the charge for impeachment. I don't see that happening Voting for @BetoSenate2018
U know @jasoninthehouse was one of the leakers, why not ask the FBI to arrest him? Or are you only against leaks that make the GOP look bad
Put the President behind bars, he is a treasonous traitor to America!! @SenateGOP @GOP 
Have some spine and be Patriots for our USA!!
What does it say about the Executive Branch that there are so many leaks?  Leaders create the atmosphere for employees.
Is the sole purpose of your tweets to troll your constituents? Cause you are succeeding beyond words.
He's writing his own anti-Cornyn ads for his next election.
It's uncanny. Just reading through the replies to his tweets I see near universal opposition. Not sure how he will survive the next election
Going to do everything in my power to help make sure he doesn't.
What about groping women without permission, is that a crime???
It is concerning when our so called leaders are more concerned about the leaks than the information that the leak provided!  #whistleblowers
Are you more concerned about the leaks or the crimes they revealed?
You are unbelievable. Unbelievably embarrassing. Can't wait to vote you out.
Are you ok with Trump insulting & disparaging intell community- some risking their lives for us? And on European shores? Shameful!
Russian collusion, and a tinkle hooker party.
You need to work on #FullRepeal 
Uggggghhhhh Senator you're the worst.
Mueller & justice league will prove more than this! #Rico #GOPlackey
@SenRonJohnson are you both implying that@realDonaldTrump and his staff are national security risks?Or are you blaming others for his staff?
As your constituent I want to know WHY all the leaks? There must be a reason. Do they feel they have no choice? Is it helpful the country?
Looks like a lot of heroes to me, John.
@SenRonJohnson @realDonaldTrump So u 2 are saying Trump should be prosecuted 4 leaking intelligence information to the Russians?
@SenRonJohnson @realDonaldTrump and what do you two think you'll get rewarded with?
Cornyn, when all of his illegal actions come to light, u will go down with him! I currently have a smile on my face thinking about it......
@SenRonJohnson @realDonaldTrump u t counting his leaks too, right. B/c he made some leaks to Russians who stopped by his office
I hope there are more
So glad tracked but wouldn't it be better to stop them
Since u r so concerned with CRIMES Call for an #IndependentCommission to investigate #TrumpRussia in addition to the #SpecialCounsel we have
Thrilled 1 of my TX reps show ZERO interest in #Russia meddling in our election. *sarcasm* 
#DoYourJob #CountryB4Party #CountryOverPolitics
The crimes are the substance of the leaks. You are complicit with Treason.
Not all leaks are crimes. You were a judge. You know this. Stop lying to your constituents.
Ps, why do you have zeal for catching ALL crimes except when Trump obstructs justice? Curiously silent on that, lawyer man.
What a disgrace you have become to Texan's.  Image over substance everyday.
Senator Cornyn stands for party over USA, GOP over Texan's
What about the leaks from trump to the Russians?  Do you have an issue with that?
Crimes!! Right! Let's get the leakers!!
Party over country, eh John?
Really? Punish whistleblowers and not the criminals?  So it's not a crime unless you get caught, then you prosecute people who busted you?
I would say that YOU are the crimiinal
"Crimes" that will give us a chance to possibly save our democracy. Good job being a tool of an authoritarian government, John.
Crimes? More like patriots saving our democracy. Not you and the rest of the @GOP #complicit
Cornyn guilty of the crimes of betraying America, laws to kill Americans, trying to destroy the Constitution & loyalty to Trump over US
Hey traitor. I live in Texas. And I always vote. And I get others to vote. Vets. Military. And Christians. Guess what....
You guys have got to be kidding!
When are you going to say enough is enough to this disgrace that pretends to be President.  Put the interests of the people above party.
Leaking because this President is an idiot and the Republican Party is turning a blind eye!  Keep leaking and don't normalize his behavior.
To be fair, those national security leaks had the "virtue of being true". Douche
So then you are admitting the leaks are true?  So then it isn't actually "fake news"
Nope not fake news.  These clowns are unbelievable
#Whistleblower
@SenRonJohnson @realDonaldTrump we have a WH that is hiding the truth & lying to the ppl. Somebody needs to inform us, thanks IC

The ethics director resigned today.The Trump family refuses to follow any ethics and that no problem for you at all,Trump above the law
How many of these leaks are dangerous to national security and sources & methods? How many are merely embarrassing? 45 has one source/method
Trump riping Intel in Poland is so great for this country CNN reporters and their families are getting death threats and that ok with you
I'm sure he's applauding it.
How many leakers have you caught? Embarrassing at best.
And does that count include leaks by Mr, Nunes who is under investigation and Mr. Chaffetz who resigned?
@SenRonJohnson @realDonaldTrump Focus on far more devastating behavior of @POTUS & administration. Some leakers are heroes!
Amazing the number of people that don't trust the gvmt they work for. Trump is our #1 risk to the country #resist
#TREASON #corruption #fakepresident #gop #Republican party FOCUS ON WHAT REALLY MATTERS.
Thank goodness we have patriots who will investigate Russian interference and criminal activity no matter where it leads.
Any comments on #45's blatant lies about #44 on foreign soil?
Of course not, you have zero integrity. #gophypocrites

Thank goodness there are patriots in our government that believe we should know the truth about Russian interference.
@SenRonJohnson @realDonaldTrump you and your cronies are the criminals, history will not look kindly on you.
Probably 100+ from @realDonaldTrump. He can't keep his mouth shut.
And, what action are you taking to defend our democracy against Russian interference in future elections!
Senator, pls put down the kool-aid. Leaks come from within. POTUS is responsible for maintaining loyalty from staff. He is failing BIGLY!!!!
Some one has got to watch our back against Trump and the Russians and apparently the @GOP senators.
Gosh, it's almost like Americans prefer healthcare for the poor to the billionaires tax cut known as Trumpcare
Add the ethics commissioner just threw his hands up and quit.
A large portion of these aren't crimes. Some aren't even leaks. This is just a list of stories you guys don't like.
@SenRonJohnson @realDonaldTrump so your ok with @realDonaldTrump ties to Russia, collusion, emoluments, voter suppression ...
https://twitter.com/electcrowe/status/883037223393931264/ …
What are you and your cohort going to do about Russian hacking our election? That's the real crime and, unsurprisingly, you've been silent.
He was probably in on it
Good work pretending tRump's team didn't collude with Russia. You may want to look up US Code 2382. #MisprisionOfTreason
Firings need to be happening, possibly some jail time.
Good work covering for and enabling a criminal in the executive office
Gee wonder why? Could it because Trump and The @GOP have colluded with foreign adversaries to dismantle our democracy?
Yes, they did.  They are traitors. I was never for leaks.  But IC leak away!  Expose these traitors.
What are you doing to protect us from Russian interference AGAIN? NOTHING is being done! Our country has been attacked! Elections at risk!
Yes. Let's investigate them all and get to the actual crimes so we can expose Trump and his cronies.  Will you be up for that?
Well, a leak can't be damaging if the content is fictitious, so thanks for confirming that they're true.
If this admin wasnt so inept and embarrassing, you wouldn't have so many leaks. Stop diverting from the real issue!
I firmly believe there are some in the WH who have the best interest of our country at heart. Therefore we have people who leak vital info!

If only you were as interested in documented the number of time @realDonaldTrump lies. 
Yeah great work. Now let's work on violations of DJT emoluments clause and Trump/Russia!
What will happen to the leakers? I hope someone "throws the book" at them.
You're as skilled at ignoring Donald's crimes as you are at ignoring constituents, John. Nice job, buddy!
You do know 45 is the Leaker?
Crimes? They're patriots protecting the soul of a nation in the most corrupted Presidency we've ever experienced! Stop aiding & abetting.
The term is whistleblower and they are protected in this country. I many times wonder where your true allegiances lie, sir. We're watching.
Why don't you denounce the president and his crimes?  Btw-leave our personal information alone.  You and Abbott are sell outs of liberty!
Is Trump incompetent at managing our Nations secrets or are there that many whistleblowers appalled at the direction of the country #both
I wonder if this has anything to do with the fact that the White House inspires zero loyalty... with your support as a notable exception.
It doesn't matter a damn if those 125 leaks are only documented! Those who did the leaking need to be prosecuted to fullest extent of law!

Huh ? then what did @realDonaldTrump do when he leaked Israeli, US and British intelligence ?? any comment ? explain at a Town Hall @txlege
You need to come up with a better healthcare plan and focus on the Russian interference with elections
Leaks are a measure of leadership. The more leaks the worse the leadership.
Man, the WH staff can't keep their mouths shut, can they?  Any of these involve classified information?
No, no, nO, NO!
we really need to investigate the crimes against humanity that you and your cronies in the Senate are proposing...
Assuming that's counting Trump's leaks to Russian spies?
Good work ignoring POTUS crimes
I checked, Trump's 'Disclosure' isn't counted as a leak, but the news that he blabbed to Russians WAS a leak.
Can't wait to see the UNBIASED work of Mr. Mueller & team. Especially the part about #FakeNews (your favorite topic).
#ValeriePlame
#treason
That's it. Focus on the leaks. Not the actual crime. We see you covering his ass. We remember. We vote
They document the leaks and you don't do anything to try and find the leakers?
Sad most GOP'ers more concerned about "leaks" than what was contained within those leaks.
I hope you guys make this a priority and find these leakers.
80% coming out of the Trump Administration and the Whitehouse
Thank you patriots!! Bring em on! This admin is going down!
And ZERO efforts by the Trump administration to make sure Russian active measures are less successful in the future. ZERO. #Telling
Did you demand POTUS bring up the Russian attack to Putin? Didn't think so. #CountryOverParty
You mean the crimes that were leaked, or the crimes were the leaks?
Does it include Trump giving Israeli intel to Russia in the oval office?
Nah, Not like cornyn actually gives a damn about the US
Indicative of the most corrupt presidency of all time. And you shield him. Awful. #worstsenatorinusa.
Trump's talking shit about the IC in Europe right now.  I think you can expect a flood of leaks from the IC in return 
I sure hope so!  I hope they leak the dirt on the GOP.
Seems like some Senators (@JohnCornyn) are selective about when to care for national security...
You are ridiculous
Yes and we should investigate all of them. Even the ones from the White House and the Executive staff.
And hopefully 126 less employees


Any comments on the President?
Does that include the one from the Oval Office?
That would mean Senator Cornyn applied the same standards to all instead of being the unrelenting hypocrite that we know him to be.
