@jamesdickey Three words. Supreme Court Justice. Stop whining about Dems delaying. This is your high water mark.
.@NoahMallin @JohnCornyn So leaving the US without a CIA chief for four days just to make a political point is ok w/you?
I'm suggesting it's the height of hypocrisy to cry about a 4 day delay after 8 yrs of far worse obstruction.
Really? When were Homeland, CIA, Defense left empty by obstruction?
Might only be thinking that will be punished next election! All swamp creatures should take note!
...not that you GOP weenies would know anything about being "obstructionists", huh John?
Senator: What would you do, if you were in their place? Something similar? We can look up archives, ya know.

#empathize #bipartisanship
and just have the Republicans done the last 8 yrs?! Pot calling kettle black!!
and this type of behavior will not work with President Trump's personality...
Aww, 3 day delay - read this https://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/07/opinion/an-obama-nominees-crushed-hopes.html … Such a hypocrite.
 you guys delayed everything for 8 years! Pot -> kettle!
To quote your hero, WRONG. They sought delay because the Cabinet of Deplorables is set to trash America. Unqualified & horrific, every one.
If those idiots are condoning abortion, know this, God is not on your side!  They March for Evil & in vain! Fools!
Unlike republicans denying to doing anything cooperative or productive  for the last 8 years?
What a hypocrite!
as you have done innumerable times with effective and judicious Democratic legislation
- Get bent... You are are the king of petulant behavior... Dems learned from the best... You and McConnell...
childish note. Worm turns & you will again be ineffective.  Resign and take Cruz with you.
Oh, please John, were u asleep the past 8 yrs. They called it obstruction, and you guys were great at it. Don't be so modest.
however Betsy DeVos is totally unqualified for her position and should NOT be confirmed.
.@JohnCornyn Shut it. You delayed hearing on Merrick Garland for usurpation of power. #VoteCornynOutin2020. Hope @JulianCastro runs angst u.
@JeremyinAkron yup
Oh, AS If GOP didn't do every possible to block Obama just for the sake of being hateful and obstructionist.
Ya think.
yea cause Rs would NEVER do that 
I hope you start listening to the people and not to your ideology and ideologues in your circle.
you would have more credibility if you hadn't delayed Judge Merrick's nomination to SCOTUS #whatcomesaroundgoesaround
That, sir, is an ironic claim, after years of gops' deliberate --and declared-- obstruction to a Democratic President
why would we believe u
Hahahahahahahahaha. Do you remember what party you belonged to for the past 8 years?
please start doing good things for people. It's not right to try to scare people. You represent me.
We didn't need the Dem vote, so why did the Republicans delay ?
what about Sessions?! We need all approved by wed!
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland
He would be terrible.
playing politics with our security?! Dems reached a new low
or maybe they just wanted to make sure they were thoroughly vetted before the confirmation hearings to avoid setting a precedent
John, if you or ANY other R's bitch about delaying confirmations, you're embracing your own naked hypocrisy.  People see it.
they learned from watching you.
Hoist on your own petard!
It's not surprising that you don't understand why a big decision like this should be made carefully.
Behave! You've been obstructing for 8 years. Stop embarrassing #TexasVoters. #IllegitimatePresident
like  the republicons  aren't masters of obstruction.
You call this delay, after the Republicans wouldn't even give Judge Garland a hearing?! Consideration + vetting /= obstruction
Read the replies!!  You are getting little if any support!!!
They watched and learned from the Republicans last 8 years!!!
publish their names on Twitter
Waiting a year or more to replace a Supreme Court justice - now that's a delay - you're being unreasonable and petty
Liberals don't know the difference between first appointees and after. They need to actually read.
Not likely, Senator.
where do you think they learned that?
Ah, so we're playing the "Our opposition is blockading us" card while ignoring the fact that's what happened the last 8 years?
four words for FORMER President Obama and  Merrick Garland.  Good Bye.  Good riddance.
You know better, you hypocrite.  Thanks for the most incompetent, embarrassing Prez in history.  #GOP #lowclass
they learned from the master Republicans. You better buckle up it's just getting started.
Questions must Be Answered Blind Trust is ridiculous Do your work properly to begin with That would hasten confirmations
So then would you admonish @TomCottonAR for letting a nominee DIE out of personal spite for the president?
really appreciate ur tweets
Right but what about that Supreme Court seat which has been open almost a year?  Yeah it's a little to soon to be crying foul.
keep the agenda moving fwd...take no prisoners
how about you stick up for me, your constituent, that was hurt yesterday by the executive order that took away the PMI decrease
You sure get a lot of negative replies Why do they even follow you? STAND STRONG Do Not take DEMS FLACK We've got this
We follow because he's our senator. We're watching, and we won't forget. Horrible representation for our state.
John isn't pushing the CIA head vote until next week a dangerous proposition.  Who is in charge at this moment?
no more excuses from you politicians - democrats OR republicans. Get to work! Rs own ALL power now.
paging Merrick Garland #partyovercountry #partyofno #andnowtheendisnear
Delay?GOP had six years to come up with OCare replacement  and have NOTHIN' but will still repeal.  World of hurt for Americans.
instead of thinking up ways to poke Dems in the eye, HELP the American people, Senator.
As they should have.  Not one Billionaire has anything in common with the common man or its gov't.  White doesn't make it right!
Hello kettle, meet pot. How did that Justice seat hearing go? /sarcasm
You are nothing but a hypocrite who does NOT speak for the people of Texas. You speak for bias interest only.
What was delay of hearing 4 Garland?
Smoke & Mirrors,  blaming D's 4 political delaying. Ur divisive Watch 4 unity @march 2day
Learned the #delay tactic from...let's see....REPUBLICANS.  Stinks when turned against you, huh?
What diff btween ur posts & fake news?
TODAY is truth. Show of support across Am for march vs that for inauguration YESTERDAY
delaying just for the hell of it was your strategy for the past 8 years
Ha. So, when is Garland's confirmation hearing?
like R's delayed Supreme Court confirmation? Huh. Hypocrite.
Thanks you .  Looking forward to others being passed and quickly.   Than the supreme court
It's such a shame when senators do that. I'm sure Merrick Garland would agree.
- Two words: Merrick. Garland. #hypocrite Your Texas constituents will not forget the positions you are taking.
<-Not normal @POTUS<-self admitted sexual assaulter of women.Not normal! Bad 4society!We'll not normalize sex pervert! Shame.
is this the part where you actively forget your own party's behavior for the last 8 years?
Hold their feet to the fire. I expect a Repub majority to pass nominations quickly on Monday
Of course. Working across the aisle won't be easy, but it will be necessary. New day, new ideas, don't let pride derail us.
Are you forgetting that GOP Senators' refusal to consider Merrick Garland for SOTUS wasn't a deliberate delay for delay's sake?
Please tell me how Merrick Garland's nomination to the SCOTUS is any different? The Rs obstructed for 8 years.
because we didn't obstruct his cabinet to run the country. Simple.
just like how the Rs didn't confirm Obamas Supreme Court nomination 
of course they are, let's get them all voted on asap! Ty
