Nonsense. Health costs were growing 8-9% a year before ACA. They were growing 6-7% after. ACA didn't cause that trend.
ACA was sold as a fix of that. Instead it drove businesses to game covenants & transferred "wealth" (aka earnings) from working poor.
But GOP states didn't build their own exchanges, punting to the federal government. Also, penalties for non-coverage were too low...
A lot. So what's your plan to fix it?
#FakeNews
Fake News
Fake news.
So instead of blaming the ACA, reign in the insurance companies!  Better yet, single payer.  Check out the plans of all other countries!
So you thought a better idea is raise $21,000, thanks but stop looking out for us, PLEASE!
Name 1  thing uv'e ever done to try to improve the ACA?  Nothing. Ur only working to sabotage it. Medicare took dozens of tweaks. Liar.

Only in states that refused to expand Medicaid.
States like Texas

It's time for a single payer healthcare system in our country! Healthcare should be available to all,  not just the wealthy!
Trumpcare raises even higher
Bullshit Cornyn

We pay more for health care than any other major country, all of whom have single payer systems
Fake news
Fake news
If all else fails....blame Obama! Isn't @realDonaldTrump the President? Blame your Puppet Master @POTUS @GOP @SpeakerRyan are LIARS!
mine have gone down.  my wife's have gone down.  now, she has pre-existing condition &we are scared the AHCA will price us out b/c of it
Fake news
And your plan will make things even worse, especially for older, sicker Texans.
AHCA will increase those more and 14 mil will lose coverage first year. So which is worse?
Single Payer government funded healthcare for all is the answer.
GOP bill will raise premiums on older Americans by 850%.  GOP is taking us backwards, not giving us good healthcare coverage.  #Townhall


Wait until AHCA becomes law, it will be 850% increase and 23 millions lose insurance.
Repeal Obamacare and go back to private insurance. People receiving subsidies only thing people want. Something else for u and me to pat 4
The fact is that it was going to go up anyway senator. You can fool the American people with comments like this.
What's is the new increase for people my age 59 with a preexisting condition? Can u tell me?
How much were they going up before it?
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION!
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!
1.ACA did not start a new trend in premium costs. 2.every stat you share about ACA will be more severe if the bill you voted for becomes law
When will u be holding a,town hall meeting?
LIAR!
Your group intentionally set it up to fail...this is no surprise
Texas being a prime example since Medicaid assistance was refused. Tell the whole truth, Johnny, not what suits you
they were growing much more I used to negotiate them for an international company 18-26 % not uncommon- employers did not pass it all on.
Why do you lie?
We see your redirect. Pointing out problems w #ACA doesn't make #AHCA the solution. Choose People & country B 4 greed & party #DoYourJob
False, insurers have increased premiums.
your do nothing strategy is the problem. All your fault.
Way more $$ than 3k here in Texas
And increased access to healthcare for millions. Also, did you forget premiums were rising well before ACA?
Maybe y'all should stop sabotaging it then? 
Yes and the republicans plan makes it basically unaffordable for pre existing conditions and elderly . Quit choking Obamacare
Obamacare only failure was allowing opt out to easily, now that Trump has sabotaged it other issues are growing! It is Trump caused probs!
Then do something g to control it. Your supposed to be the party of big business.
No. Premiums have increased by that amount, but as others have said they were already increasing. "Obamacare" didn't do it.
Not this family .. stop speaking lies
Because of you making it to hard for Texas to see a dr. make them drive 4 to 6 hours to just to see a doctor. Your a joke
No. Republicans cut funding for loss reimbursements to insurers and didn't expand Medicaid out of spite. You did this.
Im self employed & my insurance has gone up almost 200% since ACA w no dental or eye and no new benefits & I never use it. Needs replaced!!
How come your tweet is identically worded as everyone else who agrees w/ silly republicans? Is it the authoritarian hive mind or just bots?
No sir, I dont agree w everything but I do like less govt being involved in my life.
Do you understand "causation vs correlation"?
If a family paid $0.00 and it increased to $3,000 because they now have insurance, that is very good!
Prob an accurate statistic, but premiums would have gone down had Rs supported ACA 2017 re-enrollment and allowed the free market to evolve.
Rs responsible for the collapse of ACA  b/c they myopically focused on reversing the law and created a path for insurance companies to exit.
When insurance companies were allowed to exit and violate US healthcare laws, millions of Americans were put at risk of losing coverage.
ACA is a great model. Do your job: hold insurance companies accountable; enforce healthcare laws; protect American rights to healthcare.
They always butt in when they aren't wanted. Funny, they don't when they are needed! Hmm? Not enough $$ in it for them? #RESISTANCE #primary
Where's your plan? #MedicareForAll seems the best option for us now. Give it serious consideration . Trumpcare isn't an option! #impeach
Which is why it's sad that the current Republican plan makes things worse for our people. Start work on a more moderate approach.
2621 days
2621 days @GOP had to care for Americans
2621 days for #Trumpcare #Failure
2621 days
Any employer on earth would fire you all
Pls quit trashing Obamacare & just fix health care for all!  Start w/ pharmaceutical companies exorbitant profits! We don't pay u to gripe!
Senator- how do you live with yourself? Your grandchildren will grow up to understand their grandpa did not stand up for less fortunate
The grandchildren of a rich lobbyist who spent time ruining the lives of poor people as a conservative politician? They'll just follow suit.
We get it. The GOP supports insurance company profits over the health of Americans. You're a boring broken record.
Which is a great argument for single-payer, wouldn't you agree? @POTUS
All the republicans see here is "there was no collusion." It's like the "muslim terror" thing. Words are magic to them. #StupidGOP
Affordable Care Act.   Do You call it Obama Care in order to invite racism?
Try being a single woman over 60 (in very good health) who runs her own business...A $3K premium increase would look WAY better to me...
With your plan, 23 million Americans & working class voters lose health care while giving  tax cuts to the richest 1%. Fix it.
Your solution is...?
Not funding RISK CORRIDOR PROVISION?
Rubio and GOP set into motion why ins co closed or left mkts and why prems have increased so much!
Versus 147,000.00 a year for preexisting condition?  SHUT UP!
Medical care costs must be brought under control before insurance premiums will be more affordable.
And you care so so much about American families, we know. #GOPLiars. What are your premiums like?
- Stop deflecting. Talk about how you & GOP will make HC work for all Americans. AHCA is trainwreck for ppl & for GOP Congress
And rather than fix the system, the GOP chooses to replace it with a plan that dumps 50 million people & raises elderly premiums 800%. 
That's because America is sicker than we thought. The answer is not to throw people off of insurance
If you replace it, it should be with something better, not worse, for all Americans. Here's a thought : Decrease profits made by insurance.
Oh oh, impeding a rich white man's drive for profits is the same as enslaving anyone else. The rich need unfair advantages. #GOPSnowflakes
CBO score is out.

—14 MIL more uninsured by next year
—23 MIL more uninsured by 2026
CBO data show starkly negative effect plan has on "non-rich." Can't depend on TX 2 provide 4 pre-exis condition, etc. No tax cut 4 rich.
TrumpCare will: hike premiums, particularly low income communities and those over 50
#Trumpcare #AHCA #ProtectOurCare #SaveACA #AARP #NoAgeTax
CBO estimates that in states requesting AHCA waivers, premiums for low-income elderly enrollees would go up 800 percent. That is not a typo. 
So I feel so relieved that the Koch brothers,The Mercers get  a big tax rebates
I am a brain aneurysm survior and a http://woman.Now  no one will ever cover me for any amount of money.
Single payer.
CBO-23M w/out healthcare! Have you READ the damn thing? My God you lie to people so easily it's frightening. Check out the premiums in #CBO
this would be AFTER R's repealed, sent insurance companies running, and poked holes in it
CBO score:
14 MIL more uninsured by next year
23 MIL more uninsured by 2026
#AHCA is garbage, that's why O'care criticism in overdrive.
so get your ass in gear with mumbles @SenateMajLdr and REPEAL the damn unaffordable CA. @tedcruz
Medicaid? Medicare? You do realize if AHCA passes YOUR healthcare premiums will also skyrocket right? It's not just ACA it changes.
please explain how Trumpcare will impact us @indivisibletxjc @TX23Indivisible @IndivisibleTX12 @txstatedems @Indivisibletx7
Hey smart guy.  What % increase is that? Are you signing up for TrumpCare?
Magical thinking does not make AHCA better.
Magical thinking is what republicans must do to convince their poor base to suffer so their rich donors can sit on ever larger piles of gold
Raise the premium stabilization feature by 200% and close the risk corridor you asshats closed in 2014. Problem solved. SMH
how many of those families weren’t able to get insurance before obamacare?  and how exactly does trumpcare help that for anyone but elites?
So your answer is have less people insured? I guess if you don't count them or ignore the increased out of pocket costs you have a point.
CBO estimates that in states requesting AHCA waivers, premiums for low-income elderly enrollees would go up 800 percent. That is not a typo.
