As a wound care specialist in a hospital, I can tell you with 100% accuracy that this statement is bullshit.
Who has access to follow-ups with wound care doctors for significant and chronic wounds? People with Medicaid. 100% covered in our clinic.
Who has to pay $75-100 per visit otherwise? Nonfunded. I'll give you a wild guess as to how many of those can afford it. Hint: it ain't many
Now think about if YOU had 6-7 venous stasis wounds on your legs that have been there for 8 months and no way to get them treated?
I did. The idiot wound care nurse just kept shsrp debriding them. I fired her and treated myself with compression and foam dressing. Healed!
And then I walked my healed legs to the polling place and voted Trump cuz Obamacare sucks and hurts me n my middle-class family!
ACA had literally nothing to do with the education level of your wound care nurse. The fact that you don't understand this explains much.
Anyone with a modicum of wound care experience knows compassion is a must for venous stasis. Anyone with experience in the field knows that
Sir, that is a biased and misleading interpretation of the Oregon study. The author herself refutes that conclusion
Sample too small to show mortality or cancer (eg) but does show Medicaid gets people care known to improve outcomes
And Medicaid is proven to provide essential financial protection against medical catastrophe to vulnerable families
Please stop. That piece is ludicrious. Talk to ANY parent across Texas with a child with special needs and they will school you!
Avik Roy the writer of this article is a Koch shill. Koch wants those Medicaid dollars. Just give them the Treasury and quit dragging it out
Another bullshit propaganda piece $9000 a year on disability even with vouchers can't afford insurance.
Just this week My cousin had dental work under sedation bc he's profoundly autistic. With your cuts to Medicaid his teeth will rot.
Read details of the study! Nothing near a real scientific study. I know GOP hates science, but intelligent people don't!
#No repeal no replace  #Save ACA  #Science over nonsense! @JohnCornyn Medicaid is cost effective
Wrong check new review of studies. Medicaid helps health and financial outcomes
this is insane.  Try getting ongoing cancer treatment without insurance
For a couple of years and then all hell breaks out
Kids, births, opiod addiction, special education, birth control, & so forth-obviously not of importance to you
Another view  from Kaiser Foundation:
Medicaid and uninsured are apples and oranges.  Uninsured don't go for treatment.
Ten year longitudinal. Have at!
How does going the doctor not make a difference? This is a study of a small sample and you are encouraging not being insured is ok
Quote from study: increased the use of many preventive services, and nearly eliminated catastrophic out-of-pocket medical expenditures.
Destroying for kids & people w/disabil bc study on non-disab adults? Will < $ help 130k+ on TX Waiver waitlist at risk of institutionalizat?
30% drop in depression! No catastrophic $. Preventative care doesn't pay overnight, John.
My disabled Granddaughter would strongly disagree. Without Medicaid she would have died. In her first year she had heart surgery plus 3 more
Glad you having your nursing home paid for. Others don't.
Liar.
Affordable for YOU, maybe but not for teachers. Will YOU put YOUR family on this plan?  Have a conscience VOTE NO.
Do right not Right
But the proposed bill does nothing to address that issue. 

It's a wealth transfer to billionaires pretending to be healthcare reform.
And btw, Twitter and Facebook are a poor excuse for a #TownHall.
Senator, that article you are citing is 4 years old.
Well then, let's just get rid of it altogether using this report as justification. I'm sure elderly will do fine without it
Your Wealthcare bill is doing everything to destroy Medicaid...glad your admitting it loud and proud.
You are so damn disingenuous, won't even meet  w/constituents who rely on Medicaid. You're bill is trash just like your morals.
Some do abuse the system but for the most part Medicaid helps the disabled, aged & poor to survive. They have nothing else. Grow a heart JC.
You're not that smart are you? There is NO scientific proof behind this study
#RudeMuch? Of course you are. Maybe actually R-e-a-d-i-n-g the article and click link to randomized study.
One study?? Any other evidence?
Obviously you've not consulted the CDC. They have other, oringinal thoughts. Unlike you...partisan hack.
Interesting article. So will your proposed plan cover the poor in an alternative way as suggested in this article?
then get rid of it
If only you believed climate change science so fervrently.
"...nearly eliminated catastrophic out-of-pocket medical expenditures" -- an effect of Medicaid per this study. Read the whole thing maybe?
BULLSHIT!! I don't need a study to KNOW Medicaid makes a HUGE difference! They made a $34,000 difference when I had my son!!
it is very simple, go ask actual human beings that have access to care because of Medicaid, they'll tell you the truth
The limited study did show it helped people financially and proposed numerous improvements, none of which are in your bill.
this is probably what you think constitutes a town hall. Tweeting of articles, it doesn't. Not at all. Coward. @chrislhayes fyi
Simply not true. Going to the ER for care is not health care. Doctors and hospitals are against this. #wealthcare
Did you actually read the study? I did,
You know what you have health care no matter what so......no effect on your life
Not only does #JohnCornyn get good HC for life he is exempt from the devastating plan he concocted to force on USA & his TX constituents.
Omi-dear-god, you did NOT just tweet this absolute garbage! Medicaid covers millions of people and is a life line! You are a criminal!
We're still not buying what you're selling here.
what about senior vets who depend on Medicaid 4 nursing home care?  When they r kicked 2 curb can they stay at your house?
We should pile all the dead bodies on #Cruz & #Cornyn doorstep just as a reminder of the heartless, cruel devastation they are causing.
Author of article actually advocates a kind of universal healthcare for Medicaid and all of US.
You know that article is dated May 2, 2013?  Don't you have something recent that supports your dramatic change to American health care?
"The health care we were giving is so bad they may as well have none."

Not the argument for dismantling Medicare for tax cuts, is it?
That's not even close to an accurate summary of available studies. Try this, from an unbiased expert:
Upshot from >40 studies since 2009: We found strong evidence that coverage expansions improved access to care, health, & reduced mortality.
No statistical difference doesn't mean there isn't a substantive difference. #statistics101
As opposed to letting people die on the street you monsters!!!
Do you read what you pass along or is some moron intern saying," sure, this sounds good" and up it goes?
Have a feeling some teenager is being paid minimum wage to handle account. Some tweets are as senseless, idiotic & heartless  as #Cornyn is.
Too bad Cornyn and Cruz don't have the heart that Dean Heller of Nevada is  showing.
Medicaid is bare bones. Need education. What about effect on the poor's lifestyle? Need more info
I suggest you contact my disabled daughter. She'll be off the 26 & under plan soon & won't have insurance. DM me if you want her info.
Please call his office and tell your story. 202-224-2934 Or you can use @botresist to fax by texting. Or faxzero. All free. He needs to hear
2/2 Tax credit=not enough to pay the bill. What abt dentistry? Medicaid paid for that. What low/mid income ppl have >$1500 for a root canal?
1/2 Medicaid: Someone can go to the doctor or ER & not get a $10K bill they can't afford. Tax credit: Pay nothing up front. Get billed $25K
Go to the ER for primary care, get a bill they can't pay, and continue the vicious cycle that drives up healthcare costs for everyone.
Exactly. Also, there's the working poor who CAN pay for their primary but not ER care or dental & can't afford to purchase insurance.
Yes. We fell in this zone once. Insurance was more than our rent. We could afford the occasional $100 bill. ER trip got baby on medicaid.
Medicaid covers 50% of births, 30% of children & 2/3's of nursing home patients. So let's just gut it. Right?
Disingenuous...can't believe you lie like this...#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Police drag away protesters, some in wheelchairs, outside of Sen. McConnell's office after draft of Senate health care bill is revealed 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
A horrific metaphor for Trumpcare: this disabled woman literally being ripped from her wheelchair. 
#StopTrumpcare  
2) great ideas that are market driven and kind but collaboration lacking. So many elegant solutions but we keep making mud pies.
1) "put the entire country on that kind of plan, along with giving people the opportunity to use health savings accounts to cover the rest"
Know anyone with a significant disability? Ask them about effects of Medicaid for them. Party of family values & pro life = joke
Your frame of mind is not just un-American, it's inhumane. Expect a very VERY serious backlash if you force this through. A warning.
Not a warning. A promise. Before this is over #Cornyn & #Cruz will wish they had never entered politics.
Need Medicaid, but only for the truly needy, do away with Medicare over 25 years get govt out before it's too late
You either live under a rock or simply have no compassion to support our most vulnerable citizens. You disgust me.
For the love of God. Walk in the shoes just one day of someone who depends on Medicaid and see if you still spew this nonsense.
Okay, sure- let's reform it- in a way that provides affordable coverage for all. This bill doesn't do that. Vote no! Constituent 76028
Single payer!
This directly disputes the Forbes statement you just quoted.
Now in @NEJM: K Baicker, B Sommers & I review last 10 years’ most rigorous research on how coverage affects health http://bit.ly/2rSHLDl 
You're selling #AHCA as Medicaid reform? Debate over HC in this country is inhumane. American lives matter. #MedicareForAll NOW!!
But taking away Medicaid WILL HAVE A SIGNIFICANT EFFECT - as in TAKING AWAY MEDICAID WILL RESULT IN AMERICANS DYING! How's that for effect??

