53% drop in arrests of illegals at Southwest border crossings, 6-year low http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2627990  via @dcexaminer

So do house to house ICE raids and complete deportations, as well as defining citizenship to 2 citizen parents. Fix it!
Seriously no comment on breaking news? Didn't get the @GOP talking points yet?
How about homicides in the US? Don't think border security is helping on this front.
The decline has been going on for YEARS now!!! So I guess credit goes to Obama. Thanks for acknowledging it.
How do we deter incompetent @GOP senators like @JohnCornyn?
@dcexaminer You are to Scared of Trump to say anything he says,tweets or does that is improper. What a shame !
Washington Exam needs to be double checked.
Try supporting the people who elected you, #FullRepeal of Obamacare 
So then Russian sanctions should remain,huh?
We don't need the unnecessary wall then.It will be just a waste of resources & money. Now more people are going out than coming in.

Oh great, no one wants to come to our country anymore. I guess we won. 
Shame on you being so proud of yourself for scaring vulnerable people. Just like your dictator #Trump
who wants to come here now? Employers already missing their immigrant employees. Depending on your so-far spineless party 4 help
No it doesn't, North Korea and Russia are owning your boy Trump on the deterrence front and making us look like fools in the process
Maybe your boss should think about some with respect to Russia
Really? This illegal worked in our country.  Not a deterrent. #RESISTANCE
Maybe a little of that & fear of Trump, but Mexico's economy is outperforming the US now so there's less incentive to cross the border.


If you're worried about drugs coming across our borders start your talks with the C.I.A. Afghanistan is #1 in world for opium farming. Why?
You're such a twitter troll
no one wants to come here anymore, read real Press not Breitbart+infowars. You must really despise your constituents with your stupid tweets
Too bad about Texas ag not being able to get workers, eh?
So do racist terror tactics. Well done, Corny!
Better than deterrence, the #Invisible #BorderWall works.
John's ego has grown past his capabilities. Whether he runs or not depends on where the most $ is. He could be indicted and jail Trumpgate.
Ok, now can we get a guest worker program to fill jobs Americans don't do?
#thanksObama
But at what cost? And where is this "deterrence strategy" with Russia?
Your offices not answering phones/faxes from #constituents SHOULD NOT be read as a decrease in anger/shock/opposition to #SenateHealthBill
Because who in their right mind wants to come to HELL
#BuildTheWall! #FundTheWall!
Screw this country up enough, immigrants r no longer interested?
This is no longer a desirable place to live. They r not going to risk everything to come here! Wait, was THAT the GOP plan?
Where did these stats come from?
Yes, deterrence does work. Pardon my French but when a country is run by an a-hole, they don't want to come here. That's deterrence.
hate is hate is hate
Right. 2 employees with green cards who went to Mexico to visit family have not been allowed re-entry. Law abiding green card holders
Is it possible they're deterred by a racist administration, an anti immigrant sentiment among Trump supporters, and not by policy changes?
Nah. People from all over the world  don't want to be part of Trump's America.
Humans are not illegal, you twit.
They don't come to work because 45 inspired folks round them up, beat them, & send them back. They now help harvest in Canada & Mexico.
Russia. Russia. Russia
I imagine if the police in Chicago started executing everyone they came in contact with, the murder rate would go down too.

How about deterring russia from interfering with our elections John?
A declining economy also helps. Immigration goes down during recessions.
Now let's apply your logic to Russian interference in our election, right?
Again:  no one with the good sense God gave a goose would move IN to Trumpland. I pray daily to get my country back in 2020. #CanCornyn
Nope.  No one wants to come to this country now with DT in the WH.
The number of ppl trying to come into has been dropping for years. Mexico has a new middle class from manufacturing, etc. Wall not needed.
Seriously...not discuss important things.. like the incompetent president who made deals with Putin?  Do you even care about America?
#CanCornyn20
And yet you will probably still vote for that ridiculous wall....
Senator, you're embarrassment to Texas. Focus on breaking news. President's coverup is unraveling--his team colluded with foreign power.
Keep enforcing the law.  We need comprehensive law enforcement.  Not small fines and forgiveness.
There are more people leaving than crossing into US since 2014. Do your homework.
Does the good Senator have any thoughts on deterring Russia?
So does empathy, not that you'd know.
When r u going to focus on Russian spies entering country?   Or trumps kids colluding with Russians?
Correlation doesn't mean causation.
And, what are you doing to defend our democracy against Russian interference? And our nuclear power plants, etc....
When TX home prices skyrocket in 2018, we'll see if your still boastful.
Better than walls and less costly.
So, apparently, does Collusion
Offensive. Please refer to people as people w/o the derogatory term "illegals." This term dehumanizes people.
WHAT'S DETERRING YOU FROM CONDUCTING TOWN HALLS JOHN?
There was a spike due to Trump rhetoric, then a corresponding drop. It will be temporary.
So are you now arguing against building the wall?
Sounds like it.
Only if the goal is to keep people out who would otherwise contribute their labor and ideas. Liberalizing immigration law would work better.
illegal
adjective
1.forbidden by law or statute.2.contrary to or forbidden by official rules, regulations,etc.:
Less people coming into a country with a lunatic for a president and a sycophantic GOP-led Congress?
Find a non #FakeNews source, John. Maybe something from the @WSJ. A real publication that actually hires trained journalists.
#Shame
#NoWall
Care to comment on Don, Jr?
Apparently, so does collusion
Read any good headlines today? We are freaking out about RUSSIA. Mexico is a non issue until you check your POTUS.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
Not with North Korea! 
Doing anything abt Russia?  No?  Because you still place party over country? That's what I thought. PS - your CHL reciprocity bill is awful.
I concur on the CHL bill. He's trying to ditch his RINO label & please the Tea Partiers.
Just be a principled public servant.  Stop trying to score political points all the time - right?
A wall does also! Makes border patrol job easier and harder for drug mules to enter our country.
Let's deter your reelection.
Don't even !
Baloney.  Just more of your bullshit drum-beating.
Can we get a town hall in Brownsville, South Padre?
Immigration is declining because the US economy is shit and even off the books undocumented workers cannot find jobs.
Squirrel!
That really did make me LOL!  Thanks!
So why didn't you & GOP do anything before? Oh that's right you were getting rich from donors & lobbyists while screwing us w/ open borders
yeah.  that wall is working great!  glad we got it built!  you were a big help...
POTUS told Us that  would pay for the wall and then he stated solar would pay for itself . If  Installs it then wouldn't they reap the $
What say you on the CURRENT issue of the hour: @DonaldJTrumpJr ?
@dcexaminer Not with you, choose country over party or your out of office.
Senator, the Senate should have daily press briefings like the WH
Will that work on convincing you to ditch your garbage healthcare bill?
Deterrence works...against Russians interfering in our elections.  #VetsAgainstTrump
JohnCornyn: "Look over there "
It's an eagle!
Can we try it on Russia? Pretty please?
Let's test that theory: stop being my senator.
Then why is our president not using it to deter Russia from interfering in future of our democracy? Invited Putin to control our elections
How bout you read the Times so we can discuss the % of the Trump campaign getting arrested?
You should turn on you're TV Sir. Donald Trump Jr in possible treason meetings with russia! Thank you
Just stop.
