Feinstein calls for investigation of 'all matters related to obstruction of justice' http://ift.tt/2s8Ehvn  #politics
Why are you siding with Trump over your COUNTRY!?! When are you gonna be a patriot and stop smearing those trying to protect us!?
Stop reading info Wars and maybe you'll actually learn something and we all won't laugh at you. 
If I'm lost though, you're not even on the same planet. You really should consider real journalism instead of the poison you've clearly read
Fuck Billy, are you not the least bit concerned how many hidden links to Russia Trump and his cronies have? After the ELECTION was attacked?
Gosh - yet she keeps forgetting to call for investigation of all matters relating to leaks including Comey's leaks!
Comey sharing his Memos is not a LEAK! Learn something!
It is a breach of his security agreement.
The issue of Comey's illegal disclosures ie leaks do not hinge on classified vs unclassified
They're not illegal for him to share! Executive privilege never invoked! Comey fired! Good lord.
Executive privilege comes into existence with private communications with the President - nothing needs to be invoked & only POTUS can waive
God your tweets are total b.s. anyway any former administration official is allowed to write a book, talk to press. Even if they didn't 1/2
Waive the privilege by his tweets Comey can speak to anyone he wants, can write a book about this admin exec. privilege <  comeys 1st Amen
We have a special counsel investigating a crime that never happened?
Enjoy him for 8 more years
LOL. If he makes it 8 more months we'll revisit this. 
Btw Marc, how does Putin's taste? Do you and Trump take turns, or is it a free for all? 
You do realize constituents are paying attention, right? Multiple investigations going on simultaneously. Try #USAb4party for a nice change.
There's a Republican majority in every branch of Congress. If the GOP was competent, they could pass legislation.
They control everything and are still blaming Dems for their inability to govern. SMH The only thing the know how to do is whine.
Cornyn also forgets that there multiple committees (in the House and Senate) investigating Bill Clinton along with the Independent counsel.
He doesn't forget, Republicans are blatantly hypocritical. It's truely shameful, and I'd be embarrassed if I were still a Republican.
Thanks for being willing to re-evaluate and think critically about the stances and legislation passed by the GOP and vote for another party.
I got tired of defending stances I knew were wrong. And I'm a Christian and most R policies are counter the teachings of Christ.
I am glad you did. I am an evangelical Christian and became too embarrassed at defending them too, especially after Trump and Nunes
#crook

No....Comey is not under investigation.
They are losing it, Senator. Time to rein them in. Set them straight. Be strong for the USA and our way of life.
Both of you are evidence of Corum's Law
Your constituents asked for a Special Counsel back in Feb. You refused to listen. Why is that?
Time for an independent investigation. So some work can actually get done.
Donny Drumpf already picked!
Don Trump Jr said on Fox .That his dad did fire Comey over not  dropping investiagation into Flynn .Can not  keep the lies straight
Doesn't mean that Congress shouldn't be looking at it also, though it does call for careful treading (esp. no immunity offers)
President can't be guilty of obstruction anyway. He can direct investigations however he wants under Article II.
Stop with the side show, the Russian BS. We all know what you're doing. It's time to do your jobs, healthcare & taxes. MAGA!!
Where's the special counsel in regards to Clinton and Obamas collusion with Russia.
Nothing to see here, people. I'm not terribly interested in doing anything to hold 45 accountable. I'm all about tax cuts for my donors.
Not 'exclusive', John. The only resemblance you show to a real attorney is the urge to  lie with a straight face.
John, have you abandoned the following effort for greener Rosneft pastures? http://www.cbsnews.com/news/rosneft-citgo-russian-oil-deal … via @cbsnews
Cornyn sounds like another shitty Trump lawyer. Whose side is he on, anyway?
Thanks Comey!
Starting with Lynch and Comey?
You mean the Special Counsel you said wasn't necessary?  #TrumpRussia
Did you just make up the "exclusive" part?
STOP blaming Dems, put country before party AND DO YOUR JOB. You had fits over Obama, now control all and STILL blame the Dems. PATHETIC.
Focus on the crimes Comey admitted to. And those associated with him. HRC BHO Lynch. Start getting things done or be replaced
Tho not exclusively.
How can you defend the plan to fast track your healthcare bill w/ no expert review and only 48 hrs public review? That is shady.
"All matters" should include Lynch, Clintons, IRS, etc.
What she doesn't know that? Hmmmm!
When do you plan on re-taking your Party back from Trump. You are embarrassing yourself.
No dude, it is not. You clearly skipped your how to be a congressman training.
That's not how that works - congress has separate oversite jurisdiction and also impeachment authority - if you don't know your job quit

Keep standing by the man who diminishes the office of the president & the US by his mere presence. You should AT THE VERY LEAST be mortified
I don't get HOW you keep getting elected when Austin is in your area .. how gerrymandered is Texas?
Notice the slippage, conflating two investigations in order to undermine both. @GOP will toggle back and forth until their clock runs out.
We need lying @realDonaldTrump and all his scullywags thrown out.
COUNTRY BEFORE PARTY, SENATOR!!!  

Show some integrity.  We desperately need INTEGRITY now - not political lap dogs!!
Every time you defend him or dismiss reasonable investigation into his corruption, we see you.  We see you're loyal to party, not to the US.
If 45* has tapes they will back up Comey's statement-that's obstruction of justice.  If he doesn't have tapes it's tampering with a witness.
Here is your boss talking about loyalty - is this why you are afraid? Check out this video on YouTube:

http://youtu.be/-uTcJXt4bxo 
Seriously, this is your Party's (Republican) top guy? https://www.bostonglobe.com/news/politics/2017/05/05/trump-has-been-sued-times-federal-court-since-inauguration-day/E4AqZBYaKYHtzwfQ3k9hdM/amp.html …
John, you really need to think about what your grandchildren will think of you.  Money isn't everything.
GOP is in majority.  They are CHOOSING to not do their job and trying to blame it on a minority of people.  Man up @JohnCornyn.  Do your job
Not distracted. Watching ur crappy work on healthcare. You'd best vote NO on that piece of crap. Won't save your job but could save ur soul.
u thinking COmey guilty of obstruction of justice
Good. U can be fair any more.
This simply isn't true from a legal or factual standpoint.
Go represent your great state with the truth. You should watch and listen to a honorable man like Comey under oath.
the sc needs to be terminated.  there is no evidence of any criminal activity that warrants a sc....gop needs to stand up to dems.
So you believe Comey committed perjury, and you believe President Liar? Ok we gotcha
Don't you have something better to do, like kick 24 million off healthcare and give tax cuts to the rich?
Want to block the justice committee from investigating? Brings new meaning to obstructing justice.
Senator Cornyn, we hope Rs get rid of this special council, based on Comet testimony alone. NO witchhunt! @LouDobbs
Thank god for her
You know darn well he didn't release anything he didn't have a right to. Quit riling up your minions with more lies
And within the scope and authority of the committee
Let Mueller sort it out, get to work on our conservative agenda now.
So when Trump demanded your loyalty, how did you respond? Never mind, we know.
It's a crime to cover up a crime! Senator, come clean with what you know! Why did YOU REALLY not want the @FBI Director job? #TrumpCoverUp
When will you stand up for your constituents and stop protecting the ?  We see you. We vote. We won't forget
William Jefferson Clinton and Richard Milhouse Nixon would tell a different story.
Nonsense
2 little girls have died in a car in Texas while you've been focused on supporting Trump & bashing Comey for worrying about America.FOCUS.
Is it within the exclusive purview of the U.S. Government to secure our border and deport illegals?
You Sir are going to get yourself voted out.  You are no longer working for your constituents that pay you. Russia is running our Whitehouse
your deep fear is coming through loud and clear #Resist
Who is John Galt?
Hey @funder any chance we can file ethics complaint against @JohnCornyn for knowingly spreading known fallacies, in violation of his oath?
Of course he did!! That is how Texas GOP governed. Nothing new here. Look at #txlege the most Corrupt GOV. Where #Cornyn comes from.
You should probably just quit talking now... and quit with your conjecture and smoke and mirrors on the investigation. #NoMoreCornyn
Lie. He leaked his private memo.  Not illegal. Very sneaky and deceptive ploy. Why do you shooed trump over Americans??
You suck.
Hello dummy. 
You a sell out.
What are you scared of? #TrumpMustTestify
You argued otherwise on similar matters. Kind of makes you look disingenuous...
We are still not distracted. #ShowUsTheBill!! Fund the CSRs! #NoAHCA #SinglePayer #MedicareForAll
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Do your job, senator. Do not shirk it. Find your place in this world and next
Our government needs to govern - vote on legislation - not pursue smoke for partisan purposes. Please help us focus on good for US & TX.
Only an independent investigation will inform us on criminal AND unethical activities by citizens and foreign enemies.
I agree. & it should cover Rs & Ds. Let's have a real look at complicity on both sides.
With respect, Senator, what evidence exists for engaging Special Counsel Mueller? To learn the Dems need IT security? At what cost?
Your lack of concern over obstruction of justice means you are part of cover up.  This is failed leadership on your part.  #FailedSenator
Wow...in looking at all your recent tweets, you really ARE worried!! You should be!!
I'm thinking you're a little worried.
We need a truly independent investigation. Cornyn will experience the Trump effect. Anyone who gets near him starts to stink.
@Politics4All So, she should be more courteous or wait her turn or be less emotional?
Doesn't mean they can't run concurrently and cooperatively.
What are you hiding Senator?  Do you also fear your election results are illegitimate ?  I don't know anyone who voted for you !  
Little #RussianBots! Look at #unhackthevote
Comey is protected under the whistleblower protection act. It's disturbing when senators (& president) ignore US laws.
You are a bad person.
Take your power, and your purview, and do it, then.
You are certainly not correct, but for sake of covering your ass, whatcha gonna do when Mueller calls for Obstruction charge?
So,from the comments below, you seem to be either lying or stupid? I'll await your correction. I'm willing to learn everybody else is wrong.
#traitor
Do you know nothing or is it just another of your lies? @ txlege @TXDemWomen
Don't expect much there. Comey and special counsel are best buddies.
you will not be reelected! Put country over party!
Feinstein and her ilk have nothing so they want to continue fishing! NO!
You have been up there in Washington so long you don't know the difference between right and wrong- you're playing politics


What's your excuse for not doing anything for your constituents?
Comey reported the memos to put pressure on to appoint a Special Prosecutor.  Thank goodness it worked. 
Both Congress and SC shud investigate. SC re criminal activity. Congress re high crimes/misdemeanors. SC is doing his job. Will Congress?!
Thank goodness that Comey made his memo public to force the appointment of Special Counsel.
You're little facade of GOP obstruction is not fooling the public, the people will demand Congress do its work.
They've not done their work yet (any work). I don't c them doing anything worth while it would require a pr of balls,they've all lost theirs
You planning to go to prison too John. Step back while America takes down #TeamTreaon.
Good for her. Her current lucidity is refreshing!
Good. He should investigate you for obstruction. Because that's all you're doing. Disgusting.
