Did it occur to you, Senator, that this archaic rule would not apply to any nominee who is not a Senator?
Are you seriously going to equate the reading of a letter to a fist fight? Maybe you prefer Green Eggs and Ham @JohnCornyn @washingtonpost
your choice: listen to your constituents or be Tossed out of Washington
WWE and Hooters Girls and being a Army Combat Veteran you all know I made it past the eighth grade right.
Since you supported silencing her, and voted for Sessions, I assume that you are a racist and misogynist.
At this point, I would prefer an all out brawl.
I assume you expect the same civility from the commander in chief, right?  Right?
yes, the famous Elizabeth Warren attempted fist fight of 2017 will go down in history. Saved by the GOP again!
When did the GOP become so scared of the written word?
Except you're lying. She was reading a relevant letter from the Congressional record on Sessions' past. She wasn't insulting him
tell trump to release his taxes. Start investigating Russia's influence on our elections.
77511 here. Bologna in snowflake. If he wasn't a sitting senator mcconnell couldn't have even done it.
Strange. I don't recall Sen. Warren trying to start a fist fight.
Why were you afraid of her, but the men were accepted reading Mrs. King's letter? Did the lady not know her place?
I think she could take you.
Regardless of intentions, this makes the GOP look both racist and misogynistic. And you defend it. Way to go!
they keep getting away with is the alarming part.
First thing to do is replace Ted Cruz. And Cornyn when his time is up, too.
Lyin' Ted needs to go back to Canada.
I'm unaware that reading a letter is a fist fight. How fragile *is* AG Sessions, that a letter falls on him like fists?
My Education grade level was about a D + grade so I did pass the eighth grade ok, me smart
Mc Connell had his reason's,  maybe she was a lousy speaker, next time try a girl from Hooters to speak Yes.
https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/False_dilemma …
Gagging a member of Congress is not civility. It is censorship.
No more love in no more kindergarten games, Senator's must fight to pass a bill onlyif you win the fight.
Why silence @SenWarren and call it incivility but let four other male senators read the same letter?
I doubt that Ms Warren would have punched U or anyone else, but if she had, especially after the way she was silenced, BRAVO!
yeah you Reugs were such pillars of respect during 8 years of Obama.  NOT
Texan born & raised and truly ashamed to see my Senator's demands for civility only fall along partisan lines.
The words of Coretta Scott King are disrespectful and uncivil? But OK when men read them?
Coral I like the WWE now that should show you my education level and I am a Army Veteran only job I could get.
Reading an articulate letter by the widow of our revered rights leader Dr. King is AWESOME. R's in the Senate are a disgrace.
.@JohnCornyn .@washingtonpost  #stopthedrama listening 2 a female colleague reading a letter is civility & respect Interrupting her is not
Fist fights please, WWE style would be most appreciated, Senator's earn our respect.  Fight fight fight.
i trust you have experience on all matters here, just never 4get when Dems had it all.  How did that work 4 u? 4 us?
you defend the most cowardly acts! Looking forward to cast my vote against you and all other Republicans.
Senator Warren has been empowered by the ridiculous actions of the Senate against a woman.
Nevertheless, she persisted! That "little lady" is a bigger person that YOU'LL ever be! #Persisterhood
.@JohnCornyn False analogy. She was reading testimony as to why AG nominee was unfit, NOT 'impugning' Sen Sessions. He did that to himself!
we follow the example set by Mitch McConnell and the TEA Party.  You are our role models.  Thank you.
Pot calling kettle black...what have you been doing the past 8 years?  You do not have the right to chastise or belittle anyone.
We have been warned, understand, and we will persist in watching your actions and words. You may be # 2, but we are millions.
You & the GOP are TERRIFIED of women period, especially those like Warren. Weaklings.
There was no fistfight, just a reading of Coretta Scott King's letter.  What pathetic cowardly wimps.
I voted for you in the past. 2020 will be different if you rubber stamp approval of every atrocious decision of POTUS.
shame on you. How insulting ur txment of Senator Warren. U GOP senators are big bad dudes.
I'll take a good fist fight against you any day if it'll stop this despicable Administration #Resist #Persist
She was reading a letter from Coretta Scott King. How uncivil!  Respect should be toward women (both black and white), as well.
Noble words.  It is disappointing that you do not treat your constituents with civility and respect.   How dare you insult us.
all Warren did was quote something that was already on record. Of historical record
I have a "Constituent's Choice" how about you make some laws?  You know, your job?
And where was Cruz's rebuke when he got out of line.  I do believe the GOP fears @SenWarren
Does the poison Kool-Aid burn your throat as it goes down?
hiding behind civility to maintain a status quo of racial bias in our government,
How very 'southern', sir
Shame on you and your mansplaining colleagues. We will not be silent!
UR an old, rich, white man.  U don't even KNOW Texans anymore.  "Sit down & be quiet"
#ShePersisted and so will we, this little lady won't be silent.
if Repubs want respect they should have thought about that while they were disrespecting Obama for 8 years.
did you really say you hope the little lady feels chastened, it's all over the internet?
#ShePersisted #republicanshatewomen
Telling women to sit down and shut up is misogynistic. Telling Mrs. King is racist, too.  Own it. You hate women
Show respect and civility to your constituents with opposing views. We are not "radicals." Time 4 #TexasTownHall
- This hearing was about the NOMINEE Jeff Sessions, not the Senator Jeff Sessions. The rules should not have applied.
You are an embarrassment to Texas.
Republicans & Democrats respecting others, leading by example, time for today's Senate to take lessons from forefather's Senate?
Why was she silenced when Ted Cruz was allowed to call @SenateMajLdr a liar? #Srsvote #ShePersisted #women #2018
Lysistrata
You're ridiculous
Did you read the article, Senator? Some of your voters are readers. WaPo NYT subscriber.
Please take your civility lessons to the white house.
http://ln.is/www.youtube.com/cJILd …
Civility like allowing @SenWarren to speak her opposing view? All for it.
that little lady is a US senator and you are disrespectful and disgusting in your treatment of Elizabeth Warren
why were male senators allowed to read King's letter while Senator Warren was not? #LetHerSpeak
Reading a letter from a civil rights leader is the ultimate in respectful opposition.
It's a shame the Majority Leader failed to recognize that.
Probably b/c @SenateMajLdr has tunnel vision & only cares about his own bottom line; blatant disregard for America.
Rather overwrought and exaggerated comparison of the situation.  #Neverthelessshepersisted
now come on. You know it was wrong.
Dem sens are using minute rules so now the GOP do. Fair play.
Did you READ the article? @elizabethforma wasn't inciting a fistfight, she was giving pertinent testimony on a cabinet nominee!
Hence the Senate Golden Rule: Keep Senators busy soliciting donors and away from floor!
you don't get your own misogyny. That is ok. We will show you and @tedcruz in the coming years. #Shepersisted
Rule 19 only applies to Senators. Sessions should have been treated as a cabinet nom. Not a Sen. Archaic rule.
I would pay good money for a one on one with you sir.
my Texas roots would be sure to put you in your place for such words to a lady. Pig
just like your disrespectful and classless comments about her!?  Hypocritical ass
Sen. @JohnCornyn, it is agreed that when "they go low", but repeating an argument from 1986 is somehow invalid in 2017?  B/C when it worked?
When a Senator goes through confirmation, does that mean another can't enter historical fact into the Record if it is negative?
Reading a letter by a respected person about the appointee = fist fight? You're out of line.
got it. Calling McConnell a liar is OK, but reciting the words of a Civil Rights icon are not. Sounds abt right. We're watching.
Funny, coming from a man who has no respect for his constituents
she was presenting a legitimate opposing view--no fistfight---your side does not want honest debate
False equivalency out the wazoo.
Everything you tweet shows what a hypocrite you are. I'm sad you are my senator.
There was a concerted effort by your constituents to be heard, John. And you ignore them.
Go lecture your buddy @tedcruz for saying the Democratic Party is the party of the KKK. Then get back to us.
@SenateMajLdr picked a fight with women and black communities. He made her a martyr. Lack of savvy makes me shake my head.
THOSE are the only 2 choices?  Quit your job.
you're the swamp calling the swamp the swamp
Heavens, a lot of Republican senators need fainting couches and smelling salts...
McConnell was going to have a fistfight with a woman or did you mean you would take a swing?
What is uncivil abt reading a letter written by Coretta Scott King?
They don't want to feel the guilt of what they are going to blindly do anyway. No balls, no spine, no respect.
tbh I'd rather you DO YOUR JOBS by thoroughly considering nominees than dance around trying not to hurt one another's feelings
we are not "little ladys". How dare you lecture us. Boy.
Hey there "Big Bad John," scared of the "little ladies," are ye? Well, best get used to 'em. #TheFutureIsFemale #ShePersisted
are you campaigning for her now? Republicans gave her tons of free Press and a platform. Good work
Where was this view when Ted Cruz was going off?
Silencing debate or putting a woman in her place? Bad move that alienated 50% of the voters.
This Tx thinks you need to figure out who has NO respect! It's a President who Tweets lies & spits hate daily
Neither respectful or civil shushing. Respect please, or do you only save that for all the rich white men?
How about we ask President Trump to release his taxes or you guys investigate this Russian hacking?
She was reading material that had already been submitted to the Senate! How is that out of line, John?
Fair enough, sir. Now, replace “Senate’s” with “President’s” and I think you’ll win the day.
"Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens"
When reading a historical document is interpreted as lack of respect, then the person's historical actions are the problem.
You are nothing more than a concern troll.  Now that the black guy's gone, you preach the virtue of civility.  How quaint.
you have a very short memory- you know the whole country thinks you silenced warren because sexism/racism? FYI
yes rule applied incorrectly
Cornyn is a hypocrite applying a selective double standard.  SAD
explain why 4 white Republican men were allowed to read the EXACT SAME LETTER without invoking Rule 19.
where was civility in the way you and your corrupt racist colleagues treated President Obama. We will not forget
you call telling Sen Warren she cannot read CK's letter or participate in debate, while men do same, respect? NO
you think this is similar????
I'm really looking forward to 2020. Falling in line with this lot has made you your worst self. #ShePersisted #NationOverParty
Why don't u sit down & shut up. The unmitigated gall to chastise Sen. Warren when YOUR president has a childish viper's tongue.
.@JohnCornyn If the words of an American Civil Rights hero re: Cabinet nom leads to fistfights, the prob is with the nom, not the words.
Senate's choice: conveniently use an archaic rule to to cover up the ugly truth about Sessions or actually listen? #cowards
Was your AG going to run up and hit the Senator? Sounds like a great choice for top law enforcement officer.
Fist fights, apparently. Good thing we're persistent.
.@JohnCornyn @washingtonpost Coretta Scott King's words are not fist fights. And you are no person of respect.
.@JohnCornyn Freedom of speech doesn't apply to senate? Senate has a lot of special rules to protect their own interests. @washingtonpost
you're implying if @SenWarren kept reading she would of gotten punched?  @SenateGOP are #snowflakes. #doyourjob
pulleezze
Where was the civility and respect for Corretta Scott King's views? Also, did you meet with Merrick Garland last yr? #respect
A Senator reads a direct quote about a Cabinet nominee & you're pleased you were man enough not to hit her?
I would think Republicans had more dignity than to start fist fights
ain't no dignity left once they've all bowed to their king clown
That's the best you can put out?
quit tweeting to defend. You're constituents find you deplorable. She had the right to read the letter.
Hahaha I like calling him the tiny Texan.
2 my misogynistic/xenophobic  @JohnCornyn: calling someone a "#Nastywomen" means nothing to you? #Sexualassault and #pussygrabbing? #respect
Personal Responsibility & self-restraint where once valued. Seems now the loudest most incendiary comments get the attention.
we are watching and listening - and we vote.
Yes, because reading a letter from a civil rights icon would've ended in a fistfight. 
you're telling that the republican senate can't handle a little opposition? Cowards.
how about ending the pay to play and hand greasing that cost we the people, America first
how about honestly for a change,  no 1/2 truth talking points, how about ending backroom deals.
If that's true, then why weren't the men reading the letter silenced?
Do you have special protections for Sen. Cruz? I'm sure more than a few colleagues would love to punch him.
You used to be the reasonable senator from Texas. Now you're just like Cruz. And that's not a complement.
or the subsequent male senators reading the same letter?
.@JohnCornyn Curious why there was no rebuke for R-Congressman shouting "You Lie" to Pres Obama. Was it the R or Man that protected him?
selective use looks bad. Why wasn't it used on Cruz?
I hardly think the reading of a pertinent letter equates to fist fights.
One of your colleagues would go up to a woman and slug her, wouldn't they? I can definitely see that.
