CBO: "Few low-income people would purchase any plan" under BCRA because the premiums/deductibles would be so high.
https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/882931301355061248 …
You're on a roll this morning with the GOP propaganda.
But he won't have a town hall
If a federal system could not bring down rates what makes you think the states can?  #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
You mean the thing that lets insurers not cover stuff? Low premium insurance that doesn't cover anything helps no one.
I worked years in the Insurance industry. You clearly have not. (Thank me for making sure YOUR claims were processed timely).
@StevenTDennis - No clear goals.
BS states will continue to cut just as they have education. Rate going children's children will be living in a third-world country.
more BS USHOVELING Sen.? U TAKE AWAY #ACA U WILL MURDER 23MIL ELDERLY,VETS & DISABLED, POOR & UWILL LOSE THEIR VOTE. THINK UCANB REELECTED?
If the government would get out of healthcare tke price would come down, government screws everything up.
Talk to us!
"Tax credits" will be so nominal and rates so high it will still be unaffordable. Why must we be rich to be healthy?
Except they won't...
Idea=> hold a public hearing or two and see what actual experts and stakeholders think. What are you afraid of???
you mean, your wealthy donors will receive their tax breaks and the rest of us can just die quickly.
No, they won't. What's more, I think you know that. You might try doing what's right for Texans for a change.
Agree. I'm 61 and female. Terrible bill, John. 77401 constituent with a terrified new Mom (my daughter) in 77098.
Senator @JohnCornyn, you must be exhausted from beating this dead horse!
Your definition of low is not the same as ours.
Innovation in Texas? In serving the poor, the disabled, the mentally handicapped I have not seen a lot of promise from the state of Texas.
Ooh, tax credits, how delightful and generous of you John. How about you hold a Town Hall and we can talk about it, hmm?
Sigh. All is so complicated. I'm surprised we don't all have a heart attack just thinking about insurance, waivers, copay, covered. Sigh.
Not in Texas, I bet 
Why do you hate poor people? 78704
Didn't know pot was legal in TX, but it must be, because if you believe this you must be stoned. #RepealAndReplace @GOPSenate 2018.
Back to your BS.  "You dont like that part of our plan? Don't worry, the states will fix the stuff we screwed up.  Maybe.  But don't worry!"
I'm a veterans daughter heading to see Mr. Cruz now. If y'all don't take care of vets, I am going to give you hell for the rest of your life
Oh yes little johnie like your destruction of jurisprudence in Texas has reduced insurance premiums you lying big forehead

How can Christians support a health care bill that harms the poor and most vulnerable? 22 million loose health care and you are okay with it
What if your income is such tax credits mean nothing? Or, you cannot work, but cannot get disability? Those folks will have no insurance.
Heath ins costs are WAY SUPER cost prohibitive. You act like affordability is close. Please..I hope the voters are listening to your bullsht
Psst. Hoeven's has gone outside the wire!  Hoeven's outside the wire! And talking to constituents.  How novel.

Thirteen old rich whites hid in a room in secret and didn't ask doctors, patients or care givers for input, huh?
Not convinced!  I will choose to trust the CBO over your BS. Do not trust TX with any innovation or stability fund to help those in need.
"State innovation" and tax credits will make insurance affordable for low income families. Do you even believe your own bs?
John, I'll say this real slow for you. Ready? We don't want this bill. It is terrible and will hurt us. Please stop pushing for it. 75703.
Yes. It will certainly hurt me badly. I'm 61 and female. 77401 constituent #ShameOnYou, John.
@StevenTDennis BULLSHIT! Rates will increase for older people by 200% without preexisting conditions & more for those with them!
So Texas will expand Medicaid?
I know you know that if someone doesn't have cash in their pocket or a subsidy a tax credit is absolutely meaningless.

How is it fair to require Christian Americans to pay high premiums & high co-pays to provide FREE HC to 73% of ME refugees Obama flooded in?
What a crock,you want to squeeze the help til it chokes,killing millions in the process and harming them economically! You LIE, shame on you
As a former Republican, I can say that John has lost his love for America and democracy. He was, past tense, a man of honor. He lost path.
We have someone for you in the next Texas primary. Keep lying.
Why not show the people what that means in term of their premium. We don't need promises you know will not materialize. Lie Like Trump. Sad.
According to DMNews there are over 800,000 people in Dallas & Collin Co who are uninsured. How do you fix that problem?
States have shown little interest in the ACA Section 1332 waiver, or "state innovation." Wishful thinking over a real plan.  #SAVEACA
Tax credits for poor people so they still won't be able to afford high cost insurance that your plan raises rates on.  #DeathPanel
You are just sad, bitter old men. Jealous that a BLACK man made affordable healthcare available in the US.

Out of spite, you'd damn us all.
Lies.
really, you need to just stop lying about this. JUST STOP IT. #ProtectOurCare
Senator- Most won't understand your reply - will you please explain that in layman's terms - say, 10th grade level? Any analysis backs this?
I have the feeling you should be addressing those outside of your Austin office today instead of tweeting.
This is not conservatism:
https://www.senateconservatives.com/post/3568 
What kind of magic are these waivers and "state innovation" that they will supplement anything? Stability fund too small. All lies! #BCRA
why trust economists and actuaries when you can trust a politician who equates freedom with not being able to afford insurance.
My opinion is that this is just an attempt to shift blame to the states.
you love you some fpl talk, enlighten yer followers
If it's that awesome, why not put ink to paper, & spell it out?

Your constituents deserve to understand the pill we're swallowing.
Thing is, I'll probably be fine. My family will probably be fine. My country? Will be worse off. Country first, @JohnCornyn
You lie
Why should we be taking healthcare talking points from you? TX has a higher maternal mortality rate than most first world countries
You're a disingenuous monster. Hope you know that somewhere and live with it daily.
There isn't enough money in the innovation & stability funds and states can pretty much spend it on whatever they feel like. No guarantee.
You LIED TO TEXANS when you pretended to favor REPEAL OF OBAMACARE! REPEAL IT COMPLETELY or you may be unemployed next election
Get back to me when Senate and Congress give up government subsidized health care and join the pool party.
.@JohnCornyn Senator how do you wrap your head around places like our home state of Texas not expanding medical coverage. Texans = screwed
"Health and Human Services established that the key programs are “working as intended,”
Ur wrong John

@StevenTDennis John, read what you just wrote: do you call this better?A vague promise of credits? Why arent they in the bill?

Not gonna bring them down enough to be affordable, though, Corny--that's the point the CBO is making. Nice try!
Liar. Propagandist. Tool. Here in 77554, can't wait to #TurnTXBlue
Bless your heart, do you really not understand?
The American people disagree with your approach to Wealthcare:
Premiums and deductibles go down in the future only because sick people are no longer part of the pool. Devil is in the details.
I'll take the word of CBO experts over a political hack.
Counting on broad generalizations like unnamed "state innovation" is a nice way of saying "then some magic happens, trust me". Nope.
You keep braying about "freedom"... I wonder how free people who die from chronic illness feel?
Gutless liar, fraud, sleaze. Hold some hearings.
Dear Sen. @JohnCornyn 
Did you get this comment from a cow pasture? Because it's BS.
The difference between outrageously priced and extremely high priced is not enough to make it affordable.
FALSE! CBO incorporated impacts of both & still found either much ↑ deductibles or ↑ premiums for same plan.
@StevenTDennis corny a lazy liar.
Be honest. 

You're trying to make it so unappealing and unaffordable that it will be worse than pre-ACA.

THAT is the truth. Own it.
You KNOW that is not true it is also not the only issue with this bill
They won't. #Waivers allowing yearly/lifetime benefit #caps back into plans will bankruptcies when #disabled kids "cap out" after 6 mos
If it's so easily defensible, maybe hold a public hearing? A town hall? Include women in writing it? Listen to the AMA while drafting?
Poor people (the least) lose insurance & Medicaid cut 2 give rich even more. Least suffer & die.Ur ChristIan? judged by how treat least.
@GOP could clear all this up much more quickly in town halls. If you're proud of this bill, why aren't you out selling it?

@SenJoniErnst
Texas sent 2 men to DC working to get state's astronomical infant mortality rate to be national norm by gutting health insurance.
Just like Texas expanded Medicaid?
You know there is a program in TX to help disabled kids. To get on the WAITING LIST takes 8 years.
CBO table 5: 64 yr old making 56K gross would be required to pay more than 20K premiums for Silver plan. Not a great plan, 1/3+ of gross.
Do you think lies eventually become truth?? Is it some special form of magic you believe in, because none of us are buying this malarkey.
MOST DONT EVEN LIVE IN YOUR DISTRICT.  Prioritize the People!
@JohnCornyn you are undermining you own argument. "They will purchase it if it's a good enough product." 
Didnt you take an Oath to defend USA? Not one to give yorself tax credits. Why haven't you cosigned #HR1987? You know TRUMP is wack!
No they won't.
#NoHearingsNoVote
Have public hearings with healthcare experts!
For how long and how shitty will the insurance be to bring down rates & deductibles?  HEALTHCARE IS A RIGHT in the riches country
You're not a healthcare expert. Shut up.
Geez you lie as much as @POTUS
Do not trust this snake. This is all jibber jabber.
Cornyn, blatant lies don't work. Nobody believe you!
Tax credits....the poor carry the costs in the *hope* of getting something back once a year...or they use the money to eat.  Brilliant-not
I'm SO glad I don't live in Texas.
Lies, lies,lies Yeah!
No. It. Will. Not.
No, it won't. 

Anyone with a baseline familiarity with markets could tell you this. "State innovation" = subsidizing corporate profits.
Defund Obamacare now! For goodness sakes, ACT now!!!!
Keep drinking the Kool-Aid! Have you noticed that not one person has liked any of your tweets? Sad!
Yes because we all know insurance companies want the chance to have better plans and charge less. C'mon this gives your big donors control
goes premiums goes coverage
Who wins?
So you take a low- income family making $45,000/year, offer them a $20,000 policy, then give them a $2500 subsidy and you think that helps
No one believes you
BullShit! John. Preserve the Obscene Insurance Corps and kill off Texans. Single-Payer-Medicare-for-All, THERE!
How about a Town Hall to work it out or are you still hiding from the people you are screwing over? How you sleep is beyond me...
why do you just keep lying ?I truly have difficulty in understanding your mentality.economic wheels are coming off the bus- I get your panic
YOU LIE!
You are fibbing. How much will you receive from investment and other tax breaks? Your donors? You are trying to hurt people
Is Texas guaranteed to participate?
Is Texas going to participate?
You have no clue
You folks have been lying like the wind. Trump's HHS says ACA is 'working as intended'. Your lies hurting millions
who is afraid of talking to his constituents ... that be you John. #Sad
Not enough.
Says who?
The CBO report says you are not being truthful here, @JohnCornyn
#HillStaycation
Fake news
Why are giving wealthy investors another tax cut?
Stop with her #AlternativeFacts
Again I ask you Mr. Cornyn, which Healthcare insurers are you invested in?
 Please! Can someone tell me why Texas politicians hate women so much? Why do they legislate to harm them over and over? I watch from Mich
Then why have waivers, funds, etc? Just stop sabotaging ACA and keep things simple. Convoluted systems exist to obfuscate real effects. STOP
@StevenTDennis Nope. More lies. Deductibles will go up on avg as will premiums. Stop lying.
My husband & I have always worked hard & paid taxes. We fall thru the crack. Too poor to afford, too rich for credits. PLUS pre-existings.
*Ron Howard voice* They will not.
I'm even said to say Washington has affected @RepHalRogers this way.  #DrainTheSwamp#KeepAmericaGreat
Republicans have a moral deficit for honest and truth.  They need to start proving and not have us take their word.
"By magic. Also, my constituents don't understand a lot so if I say things like 'section 1332' it sounds technical. Who doesn't...
"...who doesn't have a state innovation fund? That's a fund! A fund of fund! There's money in it! Magic. I am old and need a nap." --Comyn
You OK w/45 attacking the free press again on foreign soil?
You sir are a Senator.  I would ask you learn the facts first then feel free to distort them at your leisure.
