always...and currently public schools do not do that........
public graduates 40% functionally illiterate
and 28% drop out..and @NEAToday  has the audacity to crow about it?
you sold out over 5million TX public school students. The majority of us love our teachers & schools. #2020
Coward is what you are, sir.
@emmersbrown Stop it! Voting her in was wrong, will always be wrong, and NO AMOUNT of propaganda will get U out of this screw up
we expect @BetsyDeVos to support and promote tax-funded public education. Even if she has no experience with her new job.
No.  She wants profits first.  Your constituents like me are disappointed with you.
unqualified but wealthy. Like most of the people in Washington.
A joke for Sec. of Education.
I'm a Texas mom, not a "radical element" & not part of "the establishment."  Don't malign me in the press and expect my vote.
I find it interesting both your Dem and GOP constituents were against her confirmation but you did not listen.
Betsy DeVos is incompetent!
You should be ashamed of yourself for voting for someone who PURCHASED their appointment!!!
- I know a gazillion parents who called, emailed & faxed. None are in teacher unions. Stop denigrating constituents #2020
you have pissed off many public school teachers. We can't wait to vote your ass out!
. "Wealthy students first" There, I fixed it for you.
...To be kicked to the ground?
Anyone can talk.  Actions speak louder than words.
Oh please keep posting you back this nightmare! #voteCornynout2020 #Neverthelessshepersisted #VoteNoDevos
as a constituent of your district (I can dm my zip code if you'd like), I strongly disagree w your vote for Devos. #2020election
let's just let him tweet himself out of office.  #voteCornynOut2020
She doesn't know what "students 1st" means because she doesn't know public schools!
Let's have a town hall to discuss your DeVos vote. Texans have lots of questions for you.
Cornyn, how much were you paid by Betsy's family for your vote? You are a sell out on the backs of children!
Not really a time for joking. Her answers at the confirmation hearing were embarrassing, showing great incompetence.
cough-money first-cough
I will work hard to make sure Texans don't have to call you our Senator anymore. You will see how angry we REALLY are.
what common ground? She has no #experience
man people really don't agree with you at all on this one.
THE WORST
You are an even worse Texan than you are a senator. You don't represent anyone but yourself.
you have the gall to call this a concerted effort by the establishment to derail her nomination? You work for us don't forget.
You let your constituents down. You should be ashamed. Don't show us your face.
make sure private schools must take all kids-just like public schools-no matter how many, current ability, or their behavior
Remember who you work for, Sir. The people. You represent us, for now!
she is freaking joke.  Our students deserve better than her.  Nice of you to put PARTY before COUNTRY
Betsy Devos I hope has gun carry permit for you know all those grizzlies you're pathetic JC both of you
SHE  IS  NOT  QUALIFIED 
wrong choice for sec of education she has no clue
"Students first" - HA! More lip service from this administration. She means students like her come first, to hell with the rest!
private means few beneficiary public means everyone accepted no strings attached
come talk to your constituency. Host a forum with TX teachers. Hear concerns. You should have done this before confirmation.
there is no common ground! She can seek as long as she wants. She is morally bankrupt.
we are watching. Everyday. This is going to be the most watched government as though it is a sticom.
DeVos is an embarrassment. As an honest Texan you should stand up and say that. She paid for that position
Current theory. Vouchers don't put students first-qualified, supported teachers do. Get Pearson, No Child, S- testing out. #MEGA
public schools are common ground. Stop trying to remove your accountability in #education
"Mr. Sessions has used the awesome power of his office to chill the free exercise of the vote by black citizens"
Money first.  If you believed in students first you wouldn't support that horror show.
too bad educators don't have the millions of dollars that obviously bought all of you off. So obvious.
do you even care what your constituents think? I live here and NOBODY supported her ZERO
She knows not of what she speaks. Voucher system is a failure and elitist form of alternative ed.
, thanks for listening to the parents of TX and being our "voice" - NOT! #2020 #neverthelesswepersist
I will watching DeVos very closely. And watching how she plans to impact Texas. I believe we have a system that needs money.
#2020
I hope she'll do her best to improve public education, despite her complete lack of experience and bias for religious schools.
I will never get behind person who bought her way into running USA's ed system w/ 0 experience& knowledge. Mad!
your vote says u don't care about disabled children's rights. I'm a registered voter and Texan. See ya in 2020.
I judge people on what they've committed their life to doing, not based on 9 minutes speeches.
I hope this turns out better than it appears. Need someone to fix not change.
DeVos' charter schools in Michigan are an utter failure.
.@JohnCornyn @washingtonpost the voters of TX will remember how you voted against TX children with this one.
I like she says that her hearings created more confusion than clarity. Just what I want from an educator. #NotMySecEd
Tax your church
"students first," might wanna ask the students of MI how they feel about that.
#alternativefacts You sir, are SHAMEFUL to have voted yes for this vile woman! I am ashamed to call you my senator. 
Psssst! If you think posts like these help your cause...they don't! The people are against you, sir.
You let everyone down. Go back to bed and stay there
that sounds great-NOT. Should have paid attention to her cluelessness. Next time answer your phone and LISTEN
well, mainstream children first. those with learning disabilities, ieps, 504 plans, etc. need not apply.
there is no common ground between that woman and reasonable people.
like what has happened in Michigan?  Thanks John and @SenTedCruz
you're digging yourself in a hole. You will regret this tweet just like you had to come out in support of NAFTA against prez.
Students first? That must be why DeVos suggested guns in school to protect kids from bears. Never mind all the shootings. Bears.
Singing the praises of this uniquely unqualified person continues to show your disconnect with your constituents
Senator if you cared about students at all you would've stood up to this unbelievably inappropriate pick.
whooo, johnnie you must have missed the hearings, that's not what she is going to do, sad.
White students or ALL students? Wealthy students or ALL students? Make sure you know the word "ALL" #pathetic
time to clean out all corrupt gov. Agencies,  close the dept, send all money directly to states
students first my ass. DeVos knows nothing.
