Senator if these comments on your Tweet are any indication of town hall you should change your views to line up with your constituents.
Seriously who exactly are you representing?
If @JohnCornyn was a real statesman he would consider ideas many of his constituents support like single payer.
Texans do not support single payer...
Long wait  times...can't get the Dr you want...or the treatment 
Why do you think Canadians come US
You've been lied to, buddy.
Single payer will be a disaster
Nothing is free that works
Single payer first step to socialism
Single payer IS socialism!
Totally....
#MedicareForAll
Democracy not Socialism. Government shouldn't have insurance companies on their payroll. HC is not a "right" it is a choice!  Repeal OC NOW!
Good.   It would be a better option than the useless bill you are endorsing
As it should be. as some1 in HC, with multiple hospitals and BHC and HH facilities in TX, you and @tedcruz plan would close at least 2 rural
hospitals of ours, as well as all private drs offices directly associated with our hospital systems that close, the Home Health Facilities
and a BHC facility that would have to close because you cut the $ for their services because of a wanted win for trump. denying 3.52m txns
and denying thousands of texans daily from services that they get and depend on from us.
That is not what leadership is supposed to do,  you are supposed 2 support and help texans,  not send them to their deaths from lack of care
and costing just at those facilities over 1700 jobs. Sad thing is that half of the people we fight to save every day don't even realize this
How about you tell the trump 2 stop wasting our $ that's supposed to help aca by running ads with that $ against it
#ACAisUnconstitutional. "#RepealNow
Well, you aren't helping. Repair Affordable Care.
And then repair solar flares. ACA IS working as designed. It is suckering people into giving the govt control of their lives.
OMG! Schumer is colluding with communists! OMG! Single payer is on the table for Putin! Coincidence? I think not. COLLUSION!!
Americans are in the dark ages when it comes to healthcare-Blaming Obamacare is an excuse. Single-payer works to keep costs down! Ask around
You have exempted yourself from the crappy healthcare you propose on over 20 million people.
Count me as a lifelong, native Texan in support of a single-payer solution.
Yes it is. And about time.
Oops you did it again. Make a point. Have an opinion. Convince me of something.  Anything. All I hear is "pander to my base".
Excellent. Let's explore that. Why don't you co-sponsor? Helping your constituents is what you're paid to do.
Robbing Peter to pay Paul "helps" Paul. Peter . . . not so much. Our constitution does not allow taking $ from you to give to me.
Vote complete 2015 ACA repeal as promised!
Aeterna Vigilia Pretium Libertas
#Constitution #Liberty #COS #DitchMitch #ReplaceRyan #FullRepeal
Good. It's about damn time.
#FullRepeal #NoReplacement #FreeMarket #defundpp #UnitedForFreedom
#MedicareForAll
California is doing it
Be brave and forward-thinking, and cosponsor it!
And make us a "Brave New World."
Excellent!
Duh...
This GOP is so full of corruption it's a shame that they feel comfortable killing millions with their toxic healthcare it's mind blowing
Think positive here Johnny, you're gonna get massive donations from insurance companies who wanna prevent this. #GoneIn2020
Never Repeal ACA
It should be on the table as well as improvements to the ACA
Big business, small businesses, self employed, contract labor will love you for it. Me too
I like my Medicare.
Amen!!!
Stay on your side Senator, no deals with the Devil (or his minions)
A #FullRepeal of the ACA and #FreeMarketSolutions are what the US needs!
This is a good thing.
As it should be for Republicans if you were in any way caring of your fellow Americans! But not you, John, you don't give a damn
#GOPwealthcarebill 
#TrumpcareKills 
#GOPcareKills
#GOPJustDieAlreadycare
#TedCruzDeathCare
Single payer is not the solution.  The states can stabilize the marketplace and already R in some cases.
Talk to BU economist @Kotlikoff about his single payer Purple Health Plan. It's economically sound & compassionate.

http://health.purpleplans.org 
NO trumpcare! #REPEALObamacare completely as PROMISED! #FreeMarketOnly! #UnitedforFreedom!
Excellent! Guess he's listening to your constituents who want affordable healthcare. Bless your heart.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
We are absolutely stunned, said no one. It's been the Dem's design to socialize medicine in America for decades Our majority must kill this!
Good!
Working with Dems will only accomplish single payer. NO!!!!! #KeepYourPromise
#FullRepeal
#FreeMarketSolutions
#UnitedForFreedom
Single-payer or socialized medicine better be a big NO !!!
Senator Cornyn, please don't let that happen!
.@IndivisibleTX17 It's about time I hope the Senate can peacefully consider this option with an open mind. Putting the needs of people 1st!
John, y'all can take a breath on healthcare. All your efforts need to focus on your level of exposure to the #TrumpTreason.
#RepealNow
#SetUsFreeFromMandates
No to single payer!  Not on my table!!
Would move USA to $36 trillion in debt within only a few years, destroying our Country. Exactly what the leftists democrats and SJWs want.
Yes, please!!!!
You could offer a compromise. A single payer, nationwide catestrophic coverage with super high deductible.
Open your minds and hearts and figure out a transition to single payer
@SenSchumer #getonthebus
About time and loooong overdue!
As it should be.
Sure it is . Everything is on the table. Unlike GOP ,  DEMS will discuss.
It should be for you too
NOT AN OPTION!
Glad you are spreading the word. Healthcare like prisons should not be for profit and greed
And this is news?  It's been on the table since FDR, attempted by Carter, attempted by Clinton.  America not prepared for tax consequences.
Single-payer like communism sounds good in theory. Not! 
Our government has to make healthcare affordable and comprehensive...like every other developed country on the planet. @SenateDems
when dems rally around single payor you and your ilk are done
Duh! You could be a hero & help design a SP system that incorporates the best of American innovation. Instead U give us the dark ages 1/
UR bill doesn't protect ppl & will  costs on everyone except yourselves. Being pro-life = protecting all ppl from birth 2 death. 2/
It means protecting #Disabled, elderly & poor. It means protecting ban on #LifetimeCaps. It means having empathy 4 your fellow neighbor. 3/
Matthew 25: 34-40 "I was sick & you looked after me". This is what America is about and you have stopped listening. 4/
Try spending a day walking in the shoes of a mother taking care of a #disabled child. Once u do, you'll support Single Payer. END/
Empathy again Senator. Try it you'll like it.
Agreed, good idea to care for all Americans, unlike GOP WEALTHCARE where the House and Senate are exempt from signing up.
You bet it is, and about time
Yes, I am your constituent and want single payer
I certainly hope so. That's what we need. In all major advanced countries: single payer, lower costs, better outcomes. Stop opposing that!
Yes, he is correct we want universal healthcare for ALL!
Awesome! I'm in favor of single payer.
We could fund the catastropic healthcare for all plan with an employee-only payroll tax. Therefore reducing the national deficit/debt.
 Woohoo!
Given that Congress passed the Emergency Medical Treatment and Labor Act in 1986, we seem to need a corresponding catastrophic plan for all.
It should be on the table with Repugs too.....oh wait, you only do what the Koch Bros. pay you to do.
Thank you @ChuckShumer. Healthcare does not work under free market. Insurance is interested in profit, not care of people.
Medicare for all - that's the road forward!
No
It's always been on the table for dems....hence- obstruction.
Count votes among GOP senators. Your colleague from Alaska said it best - healthcare must work for all. Hold open hearings on heathcare.
Thank you @SenSchumer!!! So glad you are thinking of what's best for all Americans, unlike my TX senators who care only for the wealthy.
What have Dems done for the poor are the mid class... 
Why they lost. ..they dispise us
Put the koolaid diwn
Single payer should be at the top of the list.
Join him and we can catch up to the rest of the world finally
Washington examiner hahahahhahahahahahahahahhahahahhahahahaha why don't you just quote Fox News and propaganda it.
Great
Close the clown show and get big government out of my health care.
Yes, Democrats look at actual strategies for healthcare instead of trawling for shadowbills in Mitch's turtle tank. Single-payer over Trump.
If voters want it, it should be up for consideration at least. Radical concept for a guy pushing a bill at 15% support. #TrumpCare #HellCare
Good!
When are you going to repeal Obamacare and let the private sector pick up everything but fully funded safety nets, i.e., Medicare/Medicaid?
Pro-life protecting life from birth 2 death. Fully protect pre-existing conditions. Prevent re-institution of yearly & lifetime caps!
Duh! Your bill does nothing 2 address costs of drugs & services. Your bill takes us back 2 pre-ACA, aka dark ages. Improve, not repeal ACA!
Great!

That's right, John.  Tick tock.....
Nobody wants healthcare until they need it then everyone wants it.
Nothing wrong with single-payer. Republicans have demonized it for spurious reasons.
YAY!!
What, this is news to you?
...which shows how out of touch GOP is with facts.
Fight!
But- in terms of health outcomes and cost, single payer is a better system.
Have you used it to know...
Long wait  times... told what treatments you can have and what doctor.  Taxes go up
Oddly, you think this is a bad thing.
Obama Care put us 2 Trillion in debt HOW much more debt can we get with lousy single payor health Care?
Single payer was the ultimate goal of Obamacare.  HRC was to fix the failure w/ single payer
And what do you think?
Great! Let's open the discussion.
Oh no, the true horror of ensuring everyone has access to medical care! Someone stop it 
Sad people don't understand what they are asking for.Single payer would be a disaster.The gov't can't run MCare/MCaid/VA. Not for me!
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
It has been their goal all along, and idiot GOPers, supposed conservatives are giving them what they want
About time. Single Payer works. Look at the majority of industrial nations for proof. #singlepayer
It works Senator
As majority whip are you pushing for a fast track for this proposal to reach the floor?
Why shouldn't we consider single payer? It works for the rest of the western world.
Good
Good! #VoteDem2018 #VoteOutCornyn in 2020!
Is this supposed to scare us?
Why beat-around-the-bush? Call it what it is.; Socialized Medicine. Gov Control. Long waits. No choice. No thank you.
So.   You are willing to have an open discussion about healthcare now.  You tried having 10 white men mert in secrecy the first time.
It should be on the table for all Senators. There should be debate and consideration of all viable options. That's how real work gets done.
Uninsuring 32 million, while acting as Trump's eager lickspittle, is on the table for @JohnCornyn.
Obamacare uninsured 20 mil
32 mil will be unsure because they will Choose to be...
Woo Hoo!!!!
When the it finally hits the fan over Trump and the Dems retake the House and Senate, then POTUS, you'll see selling your soul was bad deal.
And republicans? Oh. They want to kick off 20 million people. Got it
Good!
Fantastic! I hope you'll work with him to make it happen.
Single Payer should be on the table.  We should be looking at how every other developed nation covers ALL their citizens then adopt them.
YAY!!!!
Still can't defend your disaster of a bill can you?
Single payer is inevitable. Doesn't it make more sense to craft a sensible plan as opposed to having to implement one in haste?
They're going to implement single payer in haste. It's going to be a disaster, as everything government lays its hands on. And even worse,
They're basing this off of public opinion polls. Not actually economics, or plans, or details. Just public opinion polls. That doesn't
Really make me trust these guys lol
Yay! Military has single payer. Loved it!
About damned time.
And your point is what?  You've received healthcare your whole courtesy of the US taxpayer.  Now you are on Medicare, a single payer system.
How much money have you taken from insurance companies that take advantage of the vulnerable
Good!
Good. That's cheaper, more efficient, and better for all of us. If you want to serve your constituents, you'll help them. #MedicareForAll
How are you planning to dismiss it?
You realize single payer has more public support than the Obamacare-lite you're pushing, right?
That's nice, but public support doesn't mean it's a good plan. I mean most people like low interest rates. Should we keep them at 1% forever
Obviously not. So I like public opinion, but if the loudest voices have a bad plan... I mean. And saying the republican plan is bad (and it
Is) does not justify coming up with more poorly thought out plans. That just the blind following the blind at that point.
It's telling that Rs focus on "Repeal (& Replace?)" while Ds focus on "how do we provide better care at a lower cost?"
That's touching, but I'm an outcomes guy. Until they develop a plan I think it's partisan politics.
We have you and Mitch to thank for the momentum behind single payer, John. As always, you are your own worst enemy. RIP GOP.
Good!!!
Good. It's a concept that places patient care ahead of ensuring insurance companies are profitable which seems to priority of current plans.
Single payer creates another host of issues. We can simply stop subsidizing insurers and hold them to anti-trust laws. If the gov. Can't do
Something as simple as breaking up monopolies, there's no way in hell they can manage single payer, or even worse nationalized healthcare
I mean I'm just waiting for Aetna and Humana to make the single payer policy behind closed doors.
Better than trumpcare. Why don't Republicans & Democrats have sit down and work on it TOGETHER.
Because both sides are stuck in their ways. Neither side is going to do the right thing. Mike lee/Rand paul have plans. No one else does
Rand Paul actually might have the best plan in congress. Period
You may want to stop worrying abt Schumer & the dems and start explaining why the Senate cannot get squat done. Answer the tough questions.
As it should be. You couldn't care less if people have healthcare as long as you have tax cuts. #TrumpcareSucks
You need tax cuts to get the economy popping. It always pops after cuts if you've noticed. Simple finance. Stimulus
You don't reap too many of the benefits due to inflation and an out of control federal reserve. By the way, you guys question healthcare,
But why do I see such few calls to question the federal reserve? They've made the average American relatively broke due to inflation.
Good! #Texan
Hope you will open your mind to the inevitability of a single-payer system.  Texans want affordable, accessible healthcare. #doyourjob
Yeah but Texans don't actually ever think to understand how that system works. They spew talking points. I'm not saying they're not bright,
Because I know that Texans are some of the smartest in the country. I'm no smarter. But they rarely think policy through in terms of the
economic impact. I remember they 90's when they pushed for oil subsidies, overproduced, and hurt their own economy lol. Smart people, but do
Not consider economic consequences
Government in charge of my healthcare - no thanks
Getting voted out of office is on the table for Chuck Schumer and anyone interfering with new healthcare bill.
A guest on Tucker Carlson's show this week talked about how single payer would save money. And he's a conservative.
Yeah, my experience with my company is that it doesn't work out this way. So they'd have to have a kick ass plan or have unintended
Consequences. "Cost effective" means price caps. And if you have a rare disease you don't want to hear gov say "but but cost effectiveness".
So I can see this working out really good for poor people, and really bad for middle class people who are already apart of associations and
Have good care. We sell Soliris, it's life saving. It costs $408,000 a year. If you're part of an association it is $15 a month. Contrast
That with Canada and they gave us a price cap, and can't justify why, so we simply produce less because the R&D that goes into making it
Is too expensive for us to develop new drugs at lower margins. So people literally have their life on the line because Canada's board doesnt
Like the cost. So the government had better be damn sure they have a good plan to avoid the mess that we have going on in Canada.
Democrats want more power over the citizens. They don't respect #WeThePeople.
It's a strange feeling to like John Cornyn's tweets.
But fortunately, they're not in charge, right John?
No! Absolutely no! Repeal Obamacare before it screws up health care even more. The communists just wanted gov_care all along!
You really are dense. This group of @GOP- your group, needs to go. You've kept this country divided long enough. We need serious minded ppl
And that would be ....Democrats
Braaahahaha...
You go Nene. You're a bright one
Is that the serious mind...
That sounds like a message to me, John. cc @DBrandewie
Terrifying
Govt is too involved now. 177 mil paid for by govt.
Co sponsor it!!!
"Single payer" is a euphemism for "govt control". Only a numbskull or a Socialist would want to give govt so much power over individuals.
Nyet! Nyet! Nyet! No more big government control!!
We always knew that too. Most people see right through the Democrats and their silly games.
Finally! The Dems have a message and that message is a solution to our healthcare problems. Single Payer is the solution.
Riiiight, because govt does things so well.  Amtrak. USPS. VA. EPA. Your local DMV. $19,000,000,000,000 national debt. Etc
Amtrak is amazing up in the NE where people use it; USPS will deliver a letter in 2-3 days across US for less than a dollar; I could go on 
Amtrak loses billions each year is being subsidized by money taken from the pockets of the millions who don't ride it.  That's just theft.
Nah that's just everyone chipping in got the greater good, SP is the same. Healthcare should not be a for profit venture. It's a right.
It is NOT a right.  It is a service.  A right doesn't compel someone else to do something for you. A right is inherent to you, alone.
It's okay to disagree. I believe HC is a right and I'll gladly be one to pay so that others less fortunate can benefit & live 
Damn straight.

"I'm begging, Senator Heller" - This woman is battling stage 4 cancer and Trumpcare at the same time 
Enough of the sob stories!
John Cornyn,  "a one party subservient Russian controlled state under @realDonaldTrump is on the table for @GOP "
Well said!  The GOP = American Politburo.  Disgusting and treasonous.

Schumer doubles down on his earlier calls for a bipartisan health care plan 
 

I worked w/ Pres Obama to roll back part of Obamacare that was harming vets & now I hope Dems will to the same. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B3oKgKEAIDw&feature=youtu.be …
Good!
How high a premium and deductible are you willing to pay to foot the bill for that monstrosity?
Nothing is free. Universal health care is a big priority to many.
Not a socialist or communist so no, don't believe gov should have access to all my medical records or take care of me; take care of myself.
You're fortunate. If all of us were doctors, we could also take care of ourselves. That's not how it works in the real world though.
https://mobile.twitter.com/Paxman42/status/888890449322274817 …
Joining womens rights & LBGTQ rights as things the GOP is terrified of.
That's why nobody wants to work with the Democrats, single payer is not what America needs.
So what about it? Comments?

CALL: (202) 224-3121
*Tell your reps to #FixACA…
Can't be fixed...
Killing 33 million is on your table, John.  What a sicko.
Any vote to take care from others should be met with a vote removing your own care, lout.
