You sound more like @realDonaldTrump every day...

Hint: That's not a compliment. I'm calling you a liar.

#YouLie
They don't have a nervous system, you stooge
But that's science stuff. They "believe" otherwise.
Please focus on things that actually matter in the world right now. Why do you have to put government into women's bodies?
Proven to be based on junk science, but the truth has never stopped a republican before.
If you were any kind of human life supporter you would defund planned parenthood. They are a murder mill.making a profit off of baby parts.
This is such bullshit and no reason to be proud.  Why spend your time governing women's bodies?? More important things to do.  Sad!!
This is not scientifically proven and is pure pandering to your gullible base.
Shame on you! This is a medical decision between a patient and doctor.
Does that help secure our border?
But you'll simultaneously let CHIP expire. You are a hypocrite. There's a difference between pro-birth & pro-life
No abortion, no contraceptives, no maternity care, no childcare. Do you actually care about life or are you just a deep-seated women-hater?
More proof he's a Democrat
Aren't republicans for less regulations? Oh that's right- except when it comes to taking away a woman's right to make own health choices
You mean kill an unborn child?  Someone has to look out for them.
pro-fetus. Take care of the living children of Texas. Stop acting like you care for children born or unborn or women’s health.
Want to know what is proven to decrease the number of abortions? Increased funding for COMPREHENSIVE sex education and contraceptives.
How about being concerned with people who are alive. We need better gun laws.
Thank you John Cornyn, you cosponsoring a bill like this makes me proud that i voted for you
Pseudo science to justify pugnacious policies. Funny you don't believe in real science such as global warming.
Did you tell your buddy who was asking his mistress to abort their love child. Texas deserves better than Cornyn or GOP.
In 2014, the abortion rate reached a historic low. Contraception use, not abortion restrictions, account for the drop. #HandsOffMyUterus
Why won’t you sponsor something to help children who are BORN? Why do you not care about THEM?
Because he is EVIL.
To the GOP, health care ends at birth.
No abortion, no contraceptives, no maternity care, no childcare. He does not care about life. He's just a deep-seated women-hater.
Male masturbation should be illegal then
#guncontrol
This is scientifically unproven; and stupid.
Fake science.
Big sigh, Senator. How can we make real progress when politicians ignore science even in their hastags?
If you really care about preventing abortions you will advocate for access to birth control. Insurance must cover birth control! Speak up!
That’s based on junk science pls educate youself so you can do your fucking job.
But you won't do anything to limit access to weapons that cause pain and death to people outside the womb. You're just pro birth.
What utter BS. Stop trying to convince us with junk science.
No abortion, no birth control, no maternity leave, no child care, no health care... because obviously abstinence works 
NOBODY aborts this late unless there are critical reasons. This cruel bill makes a hard time harder for some parents. @indivisibleATX
Science and medicine mean nothing to these people. They just want to slowly strip bodily autonomy away from women.
If you're worried about people feeling pain, think about the pain of a gunshot wound. Avg day in USA, 93 people die of gun violence
In the cities with the strictest gun laws...
So when are you going to support helping take care of babies who are already born?
And when do you plan on adding prenatal care to any of your suggested health care legislation?
Based on fake science and shows you don't actually know why abortions take place after 20 weeks.
.@JohnCornyn, I've concluded that you're just a jerk.
Let's gooo! Bring back the value of life and family!
Here's an idea. STOP TAKING MONEY FROM THE KOCH BROS AND NRA.
You know that gutting Medicaid will hurt poor, sick kids, right? Oh yeah, you don't care. Got to give those tax cuts to the rich.
Too bad the GOP doesn't care about children after they're born. #SandyHook #CHIP
#Parentsfeelpain
You will never know the pain the parents feel. You will never know. Disgusting and for shame.
Anencephaly
Trisomy 18
Trisomy 13
Shall we talk about fetal deformities which are incompatible with life? (you'd have to have a medical degree)
But, yeah, sure. Roll back regulations making birth control affordable. #oldwhitemengetoutofmyuterus
Lots of born people feel pain, too, even born babies, but y'all let CHIP expire.  How about those born babies and people? How about the ACA?
Where was your pride and cares for children when you let CHIP expire?
Proud to sponsor a bill based on bogus science? For shame.
Still trying to force your fundamentalist religious beliefs on everyone else I see.

Reality is much more complicated than the lines politicians draw to score points. https://www.self.com/story/23-week-abortion …
Blindly supporting the party and disregarding science. This is why I'll be running for office when I can. Tired of it.
.@JohnCornyn fake science. This is 2 control women w/your religious views. Not unlike other religions you lambast.
WHY DO YOU WANT TO CONTROL WOMEN SO BADLY???????

I am PRO-LIFE, and here is my manifesto.  
So do children without health insurance or food. They feel real pain too.  Don’t call yourself pro life when you are only pro birth
So how many unwanted babies have you supported AFTER THEY ARE BORN? U slash Medicaid and CHIP and delight in the resulting poverty!
The only ppl who should be making these decisions are parents and their physicians based on EBM!! Keep government out of our wombs!!!
You have no business legislating women's bodies!! As a physician, there are many instances when a >20 wk abortion is medically necessary.
I'm here and I feel a lot of pain since Russia installed your president. Can you help me? 
#WorstPresidentEver 
#TrumpIsAMoron
Thanks Senator Cornyn
WTF are you thanking him for? This does nothing to help the state to TX!
Conservative men and abortion exceptions: rape, incest, life of mother, pregnant mistress.
Hypocrisy is the hallmark of the Republican Party
It absolutely is. "Do as I say, not as I do" mentality.
Don't support DACA!!!
so do women bearing children: torture if forced; misogynist Coryn, advise investment in embryo incubators (informal: decide w/in 1st 3rd)
Shame on you.That is between a woman and her doctor.Who are you or the government to get involved? DISGRACEFUL SHAMEFUL
How many 20+ wk abortions are due to woman just deciding she doesn't want to have baby? And how many are medically necessary? Waiting...
And wait...just like making guns illegal, aren't women still going to have abortions if they're illegal? Use your own damned logic here...
#YoureOneOfTheWorstPeopleOfAllTime
You don’t even want to talk about guns even after the carnage in Las Vegas because of your fear of what the NRA will do. Hypocrisy Senator.
Senator Cronyn I commend you for avoiding pain inflected to the unborn. How about to the living allowing them to be slaughtered with guns.
post born children feel pain, hunger, cold. You worry about  unborn but care nothing for the living, breathing child. Hypocrite!
From the same party who would resort to using Drano as an execution drug (probably) as long as it keep those executions going.
total BS, if @JohnCornyn cared about reducing pain he would focus on issues his voters care about and not push his own moral code
Awful.
Fake science - total "Handmaid's Tale" dystopian patriarchal nonsense. How about you protect children from gun slaughter, Mr. "Pro-Birth."
BAD SCIENCE
I can’t wait for your extramarital affair to come to light.
You’re also proud to let CHIP expire. And you’d get a bonner if you could take a child’s healthcare.
Yes vote on Budget means you want kids with cancer to die
But then you want to cut MEDICAID funds for kids with cancer and seniors with Alzhiemers. You want death to the sick children and seniors.
Thank you  for the babies
Too bad you don't care about them AFTER they are born.
Could you restrict assault riffles like you do abortions? Asking for a friend
Cornyn why do you monopolize twitter
Thank you Senator. There are far more people supporting you than the hysterical minority on TWITter. Science says the fetus is a human being
Good to see proud sponsor of rape, incest of elderly women, women, girls and babies.
You apparently love kids until they are born then do nothing for them or the mothers like maybe affordable healthcare
Thank you Senator Cornyn!

So Politicians are practicing medicine now? Doctors and women should be the ones to decide. Sometimes there are complications in pregnancies
...and doctors have to make a life and death choice of the mother. If you need something to regulate, regulate guns.
Why don't you sponsor the Pain-Capable Gunshot Victims Act, or does only pain of unborn matter?
Babies and moms can feel pain when they don't have healthcare
stay out of my vagina
You worry about the pain of the unborn but care nothing of the pain of those already walking the earth. #notprolife
You insist all births be carried to term but deny health insurance to women while pregnant and children after they are born. #notprolife
There is no such thing other than to save a mother's life if the fetus is unviable and all are in danger. Congrats. You are a monster
Where is your law to save the mothers?
And get y'all let CHIP expire.... kids that are alive feel pain as well Senator. Jury's still out on you. #YouHaveNoSoulWorthSaving
A woman that has an abortion after 20 weeks feels pain as well. Deep emotional pain. This just adds to their pain. Are you proud of that?
Have you EVER talked to and listened to a woman who has had an abortion at or after 20 weeks?  It is not a decision made lightly
Not true. I’ve studied this shit. You have not.
To bad we couldn't terminate you 20 weeks after election...
Show me credible science that says fetuses can feel pain at 20 weeks.
Stop regulating a uterus - they don’t injury 500 people at a clip.  You’re such a transparent greedy politician
Know who else feels pain, gun violence victims and families! You can’t say you’re pro life & take NRA money. Fake Christian and politican.
Unless the pregnant woman is your daughter. Or your mistress. Amirite? #youfucker
Too bad you don't care if #born people live or die.
Voted for you every time you've been on the ballot. you are now voting for party over state & can never get a "live" person at your office.
How about supporting the born child, too?
I wish you understood why a woman would have an abortion at this point in her pregnancy.
#prolife means life-saving gun regulations
#prolife means taking care of the BORN
#prolife means protecting the environment
#prolife means universal health care
You're doing God's work Senator, God's work.
What about the pain they will feel if shot with a semi-automatic weapon that’s been modified with a bumb stock? Do something!
Good job. Get it passed and hopefully SCOTUS doesn’t mess it up. Actually a good time to reverse Roe.
Interesting how u protect the right to 2 amendment but u won't protect us from our right to choose.  It's k for guns to kill children, fam,friends...confused!
Your propised law makes headway. Make MANDATORY sonogram before. Both Hillary & Pelosi accepted Margaret Sanger Award. SEE 4 PICS. Defund PP
How about the 20 6/7 year old babies sprayed with bullets in an elementary school in Sandy Hook?  I can PROMISE you #TheyFeelPain
Funding for CHIP so children can access healthcare? Let's take care of the children already here.What action are you taking for CHIP?

More lies from John Cornyn... This bill is based on claims about fetal pain that aren’t supported by research.

https://www.vox.com/platform/amp/identities/2017/10/3/16401826/abortion-ban-pain-capable-unborn-child-protection-act …
A lie startd by your http://party.Expert ,JAMA say it is not even a probability until 30 wk.Decisions should be made by patient/Dr.PERIOD
Proud?  You are proud of endangering lives and causing needless suffering for political gain? Seems to be a recurring theme with you.
Based on bad science.
Scientific evidence?
And yet you let CHIP expire, causing 400,000 TX children to lose their health coverage. Makes you look like a hypocrite, doesn't it?
Gotta protect those fetuses, after they're born they're on their own.
Get pregnant and then call me.
Your so painful
Would love to see the research to support this.  Let me know.
Of course you are, even though scientific research shows that your claim about 20 weeks is false.
#FakeScience  I love how you pretend to care about the unborn but don’t give a crap about the kids after they are born .Tax breaks for Rich
no man has the right to tell a woman what to do with her body.
they don't feel pain.  Research is very clear about this.  Or are you following BreitBart?
More Americans: people, not fetuses have died from guns than abortion. U fail John! 
How about protecting children after they’re born too. Protect CHIP renew it.

Look at the REASONS women get abortions after 20ws. Quit pandering to your idiot base and understand why women choose to terminate at 20w.
So you believe a scientist when they say a fetus can feel pain at 20 wks, but not climate scientists?  Hypocrites cherry picking.
No such thing as unborn child. Are you undead corpse? Science, senator, science!
Hypocrite, you aren’t really pro life.
I can't wait to see your pain when you are voted out of office. I need someone to represent me who cares about alive people vs bad science
Ah yes, the GOP fall back of pro life. What about the kids that are already alive? How does cutting medical and Snap help them?
Why do you lie so much? Scientist shld be consulted. This (20 wk) is not accurate. Just propoganda, like everything else you post. #Resign
Why do men find it necessary to dictate what a woman can & cant do w/ her body. You want to prevent abortions, start cutting off some dicks!
#NoTheyDont #TryScience
Yet the CHIPs program was allowed to expire. You love the fetus but only before born, after that they are on their own.  Right?
You are not representing me, your constituent. I believe in science and saving women’s lives.
How abt that call for impeachment ? Tax reforms a rebate for you the middle class should stop paying in 
How do you know when a fetus feels pain? Abortion is never an easy decision and should be made by a woman and her Dr. and not politicians.
Keep out of my #uterus!! why not make sure living kids have healthcare, food and education first.
2020, @JohnCornyn, 2020.
What about after they're born and have no healthcare because y'all let CHIP expire??? Man stop with your hypocrisy!  #gtfohwts
What happens to those who will die if the fetus is not removed?
So now grandpa John is a doctor? Laughable! I am a doctor, and you know nothing about this. Stick to your day job. Or better yet, resign.
And you'd know cuz you have your Doctorate in Medicine.  can you just stay out of a woman's uterus for 1 SESSION? #STUPIDSHITGOPSAYS
Is there an exclusion for maternal health?
Now you're looking to defend Planned Parenthood to give money to the wealthy using this lie
So do gun victims but that doesn't both you enough to act?
Maybe you should poll your constituents. Your twitter is suggesting you NOT support this. Do you care?
It's a step. #NotEnough
but after your born, if you are suffering from a painful condition and are poor then John says go ahead and live with the pain,no healthcare
Cite one peer-reviewed medical journal (not faith based)... I'd wait but it would be forever bc it doesn't exist. Just as ur job after 2020
You should be feeling pain. Regulate guns not women’s wombs.
I'd also like you to submit a bill for a mandatory vasectomy, w/o anesthesia on the man responsible for the pregnancy. That'll make it even.
Republicans want smaller Gov't except when it comes to women's health & thier personal choices.  Plus this is another OUTSTANDING lie!!

Repeal and replace John Corny please no help for Texas
But cannot provide health care for children NO more chips for children gooooooooone
Anything to avoid following the majority of voters' wishes, eh, John?
Get your personal beliefs out of my uterus. Also, science says YOURE A LIAR!
If you are going to base your bill on science, we should be using the best evidence, which indicates 26 weeks. http://jamanetwork.com/journals/jama/fullarticle/201429?hc_location=ufi …
You're passing laws based off junk science. It's dangerous and cruel to live women and the children that depend on them.
How many terminations fit in this category, Senator?
yet you let kids on CHIPS lose their healthcare. You pro-life stance is very confusing.
@JohnCornyn @SenTedCruz @RepKayGranger @RogerWilliamsTX MESS WITH THE 2ND AMENDMENT U R MESSING WITH TEXAS!!!
GOP cares only about clildrens' pre-birth care, not about after birth care.
