It has been going up steadily since 2008 when You, the GOP and G W Bush crashed the economy. Barack Hussein Obama lifted up from the sewer!
Wow, last year. That was President Obama's last year in office. I wonder what is about to happen when the gop passes its budget. Crash?Burn?
Yes, great curtosey of the Pres. 44
Hmm, I going to guess the cost of living is at an all time high too. We have more gray hair than ever before too. Reason to celebrate? No.
Wow 8 years of @BarackObama really helped!!!
John, K street is waiting for you, forget the resume, just go already. You have sucked enough Koch, you earned it
Thanks Obama and American Citizens.
Flying to TX from your home in VA.  So, what? You could drink bottled water and eat food your constituents needed? 2/
Thanks, Obama!
And you want to give corporations and the wealthy tax breaks? Shameful. Pass middle class tax break only as they are only ones who need it.
#thanksObama   Or are we going to say this is part of the magic that is Trump's 6 months in office?
Oh, it made good TV though, the concerned senator, left safety to hide in a bunker nowhere near the hurricane.  3/
Adjust it for cost of living, then get excited, if you can.
Mr. Cornyn You might do well to quit tweeting until you have an actual accomplishment that you helped create.
Sorry, median isn't the same as average or middle class.  Fund our education system so you and others will know the difference
Today would be a good day to have a town hall meeting to actually meet your constituents.
Yeah John, when will you face your constituents?  Got that resume updated yet?
When Barack Obama was president? Oops.
Says the millionaire public servant
This is where you say "thank you President Obama"
Thank you @BarackObama This Texan misses you
It isn't that high in Texas. What are you doing for the state you're supposed to represent? #RebuildTexas #NoWall #NoTaxCut
Thanks Obama
And much of it goes back to govt entities in forms of taxation!!
Thanks Obama!
#ThanksObama
You do realize that Obama was the president. Donald Trump has nothing to do with it. Trump is a loose cannon.
still think anyone can afford your health plan at $24,000 a year (for each individual?) Think about that when voting.
Thanks Obama!
Yes, but 1 in 8 lives in poverty according to the same data. #LivingWages #15p
Obama says, "You're welcome?!" What have you done lately Johnny?! Your GOP talks a good game. But nothing gets done.
......and still, you refuse to secure the border, John. I DEMAND an America for Americans.
When, who was President?  I forget....
Alas, the last year of President Obama's term!
You mean while a Democrat was in office?
#ThanksObama
Thanks, Obama!
So, half the households in the nation, including most Texans, earn less than this. Are you ok with that?
Thank you President @BarackObama! Thank you for improving our country and our quality of living!
Thanks President Obama. 
uhm..u realize Obama was the president, right? Or is another thing the GOP will take credit for?
Obama did such a good job
Didn't have anything to do with GOP....you didn't do ANYTHING for 8 long years!
See, Obama did a helluva job!!
Bet that went a bit further in 1999
Thanks Obama. And thank you John for being man enough to point out Obama's superiority over trump. Believe me. I am telling you. 100% Yeah
You do realize that this occurred during a Democratic presidency?
Thanks @BarackObama!
7 numbers in dollars: 100&100&100& 59,039 &100,000 & 150,000 & 250,000. Median is $59,039. How do u think the first 3 are doing?
Thanks @BarackObama
The question is: What has John Cornyn done to promote high incomes? The answer is NOTHING! Trump is the only one concerned.
Still way behind the curve,but thanks to the Obama administration.Their efforts, yeah we gotta a raise.This has given the rich a big boost.
Thanks again @BarackObama!!
#ThanksObama
Yes thank you President Obama. Just think how much quicker and greater the economic recovery would have been had O had support from Congress
Thanks Obama
And now all of the progress made for lower income, women, minorities, sick or disabled is being dismantled by DJT & his kleptocrats.
Great!  CEO salary vs middle income 1965:20 to 1 vs now 300 to 1.  Rs doing a great job in holding down income for poor and middle class.
What about home prices? Income is not wages.
Thanks Obama!
Cool. Told you Obama rocked!!!
How's that adjusted for inflation?
Thank you President Obama!
Thank you @BarackObama. 
Inflation
Thank you, President Obama!
The Census said the uptick in earnings occurred because so many people found full-time jobs — or better-paying jobs — last year. Under Obama
Thanks, Obama
And your tax plan will only materially benefit those w income 10x this level
#ThanksObama

You or GOP had nothing to do with it so why are you retweeting headlines trying to take credit for good economic news
that doesn't take I to account people working two jobs WHAT low income folks @MSNBC @indivisibletxjc @PoliticalDiscor @indtx36
Check out first responders that haven't seen or heard from FEMA in Beaumont. Paramedics and nurses that worked 48h straight&couldn't go home
Thank you @POTUS44
your feed is like watching a cable news channel.  How about u telling us what u are doing to MAGA?  dont need u to regurgitate the news!
He giveth and took it away in the form of increased taxes, health care increases, HFSA reduction and Social Security yearly max increase.
You did actually read that, right?
Thanks Obama!
Then why are you so hell bent on raising middle class taxes so you can give top 1% cuts?  Why don't you collect Mercer's $7billion tax bill?
1. Texas is on the low end of that average. Especially teachers. 2. Any growth is thanks to President Barack and democratic representatives
Thanks, Obama!
Median income should be the limit on what Reps & Senators should be paid. Let them see what it's like to live in Trump's America.
U give tax breaks 2 bizness but biz does not raise wages against cost of living. Consumer spending drives economy.
Thank you President Obama. Just think he did it without stepping on the backs of anyone. Good lesson for @realDonaldTrump
THANKS OBAMA!! #BringObamaBack @POTUS44
Thanks, Obama!
Gotta love that Obama recovery!!  #YesWeDid
And it had nothing to do with you. Thanks Obama!
Thanks #Obama @BarackObama
Tell the complete facts, that's averaging the billionaires & poorest income to get that number. The extremely wealthy offset the median $ #
Thanks Obama!
Too bad there aren't many people left in the middle class...
Thanks Obama.
2016
Hey John, what's the average Texan per capita income $28,210
ROTFLMAO, yeppers and still they try to gut the education department funding.
Thanks Obama!
Do u realize u just credited Obama, Cornhole? Big Daddy Trump is gonna be none too happy
Stat means nothing without noting the frequency of each # as well as the extremes. Also, this health insurance stats are interesting...
Obama economy continues to flourish! Wonder what'll happen when Trump budget finally gets in place -- can he keep it up (stamina)?
Herr Drumps tax cuts bring back memories of Reagans which cost us the first ever trillion dollar debt. Remember what Hillary predicted?
Thanks, Obama!
how did the top 1% do?
Any bets that @realDonaldTrump will try to take credit for @BarackObama's success??   
He already has! Commenting on the economy and wall streets continued rise.With zero new legislation from the orange cheeto in chief.
Lie of omission John. Rising income must b measured against cost of living 2 b meaninful.
Thanks, Obama!
Guess we have to give that one to Obama.
Please DO NOT give Trump credit for this - he had absolutely nothing to do with it.  Actually, things would be better if Trump did NOTHING.
Don't mind me, I'm just here to add to the ratio.
Does Obama get any credit?
No. Of course the median income went up because of the possibility of a Trump presidency. Only explanation. /s
Most of increase going as usual to top 1% as will most of benefit from your tax cuts 
Johnny, got a question for you. Could you live on that?
thanks Obama!  Slow and steady growth is key.  Now incrementally improve on Obamacare!
Thank you! @BarackObama
And those folks aren't stealing their paychecks like our beloved Senate. Get something done, or get out.
In 2016. #ThanksObama
Thanks Obama!
Yep.  And the top 1% account for a huge % of that -- I work in tech and make below that 'median'.
What's to celebrate? The article show that 2016 income is only $400 more than 17 years ago!!!!!! 
It's the 1% that has gotten wealthy
This just shows that the Republicans think that the middle class should be happy with the scraps!!!!!!!!!!!!!
President Obama!
Former President Obama sends his regards...
Yeah! #thankstrump It must be your tax cuts..wait..it must be your helthcare change..damn..because of that wall..SHIT!..ur wife's hot #MAGA
Thanks Obama!! You really think your constituents aren't smart enough to know it was Obama's policies that did it? You literally did nothing
AND since there's been no new legislation, Obama's fiscal policy is still doing it's job.It damn sure ain't anything coming from the cheeto
Thanks Obama
From the article "Percent of Americans w/o health ins dropped to 8.8 percent, thanks to expanding coverage under the ACA" #RepairACA
Thanks Obama!!!
Thanks, Obama!
Thanks Obama!   It's not like anything the GOP has done since Jan 20th had ANYTHING to do with this, John, I mean you get that, right?
Thanks Obama!
Thanks @BarackObama
"The Census said the uptick in earnings occurred because so many people found full-time jobs, or better-paying jobs, last year."
That's because fewer people are working. Assuming that's what this is based on.
This is a bad assumption.
So explain it then.
Take a macro class. There isn't a fixed amount of salary in this country.
#thanks Obama - again!!
Thanks Obama
Thanks Obama
Dream on!  Obama was depressing--in every way. He caused fear of the future.  Fear to have dreams.
Bot alert.
