and TrumpCare sought to remove substance abuse treatment from the list of covered healthcare issues...put your money where your mouth is
does the word "duh" mean anything to you?  It's a problem isn't it?  One for which you & your ilk have no real solution.
Yes! This is why insurance needs to include coverage for treatment for opioid addiction! (Hint: that trumpcare bill didn't)
and yet you just voted to remove certain gun restrictions for the mentally ill.  What is it you don't understand?
so let's cut med research to US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. give money to military to research better fighter planes.
in 2017 millions of Americans died because the policies of bought, treasonous politicians like you.
So put money into the healthcare system for MH treatment!
so don't cut our healthcare Senator. Expand it with Nedicare for All #HR676. All Texans need healthcare!
Mother Nature will always have a way of healing itself. What about pharmaceutical companies that produce opioids?
I would venture that a large number of military suicides can be tied back to prescribed opioid use. Those are some dark drugs being used.
So does this mean  DRUG PROGRAMS  WILL STILL BE   COVERED WITH THE BIPARTISAN ACA. YOU AND DEMS WILL WORK ON FOR AMERICANS?JUST ASKING
So take away their health care.  That will really help. Are you really that stupid?
things only become an issue when it happens to white people
And yet you are actively trying to take away healthcare options for sick, addicted individuals.
Yet @GOP gutted addiction treatment from the list of services insurance cos provide. #hypocrite How do you sleep at night?
but you want to cut those services as shown by your votes. Do you support your constituents or your party.
so how do u follow that with cutting help for drug addictions on Trumpcare?
Cool. Come with me the next time I tell a drug-seeking patient that I am not giving them any opioids. It's fun. Trust me.
How many were killed by cigarettes.
Oh well Fuck that # huh? What about the wars that spiked production of heroin. I say you got private prison $ and you dont care.
Quit pretending you care. I could share an article about opiate use reduction where marijuana is legal, doubt you would read it.
And u voted to reduce services to these folks in Repubs #TrumpDontCare alternative to ACA.
Thank goodness ACA mandates coverage for addiction/rehabilitation services! Glad you care about this vulnerable population.
Are you excited or sad about it? I can't tell since the GOP solves addiction by defunding healthcare and locking everyone up.
Yes this is so tragic even more reason we must protect Medicare and Medicaid thank you
, and y'all voted to end the ACA, which has provided coverage for much needed treatment. You should be proud.
So WHAT are you doing to reverse this? You're in the pocket of Big Pharma, no? 78702 thinks you should get on board fixing this
delete your account. HYPOCRITE!!!!
Opiod use & deaths decline dramatically in states with legalized cannabis. Make this part of your solution.
the more you use prohibition the more you drive the activity underground and more will perish. 
We learned that in the 20s.
illegal drugs are just as easy to get now as they were in the 70s. All that effort and  $ wasted and lives ruined to the war.
@NoahCRothman funny how when the inner cities had a crack epidemic we just arrested them...now drugs in suburbia and the horror
I didn't want to be the one to say this but... 
Back when Flynn was a Trump campaign said “When you are given immunity, that means that you’ve probably commited a crime.”
and 0 marijuana deaths
So your answer is to make doctors reluctant to prescribe- even to cancer patients? Always happens when this comes up!
so why did you support removing funding that could have helped these people?
Good thing #Trumpcare didn't pass, as it would have ended addiction treatment as essential benefit.
Maybe defund the CDC?
maybe you should discuss this with the members of your party that tried to take away their treatment last week
Oh, so if you lower taxes on the wealthy and take away our healthcare the opioid epidemic will take care of itself??
punish over prescription.
That's why repealing the #ACA - which requires mental health and addiction coverage - with no suitable replacement is cruel.
What have YOU done? Regulate pharma? No. Provide treatment centers? No. Sit on your ass collecting a paycheck? YES!
Did TrumpCare address this?
people are dying because they had no health care. Women in Texas r dying because they can't receive care. Do u think about that?
I'm laser focused on #Russia and the Trump Administration. Why aren't you?
And your point being?  What are you going to help do about it? You don't want them to have healthcare.
studies done in states w/ medical cannabis found reductions in opioid addiction and overdose. Cannabis is a safer alternative!
I hope you'll oppose NIH cuts. We need better solutions for pain mgmt. 1 in 5 prescribed a 10-day opiate supply become addicted.
Anytime you want to speak out against Trump/Russian coordination would be great? Anyone? Anyone? Bueller? #Constituent
Thank goodness ACA mandates coverage for addiction/rehabilitation services! Glad to you care about this vulnerable population.
yes, and you want to take away addiction treatment in healthcare--oh no, you want to take away healthcare period!
that's just horrible
the problem needs solutions that address the cause.
Gosh and the GOP (now known as Death Party) wanted to cut the programs that help these people. Stellar!
let's turn some prisons into rehab facilities.  Let's not cut mental health services from insurance.
it's a huge problem that is prevalent in all classes of society
one small bright spot: ACA covered mental health care better than previous insurance plans did.
And?
You support taking away healthcare from the poor and then act like their lives matter to you? 
a lot less deaths than the estimate for when the GOP wants to strip Obamacare
& @JohnCornyn & GOP wanted to takeaway healthcare coverage for treatment. Fix the ACA
instead of wasting Billions of dollars in a stupid wall and take people's land away, let's help help those with addictions
without adequate funding, @CDCgov won't be able to bring us stats like this that can get the ball rolling to save lives.
If you guys work hard enough, I'm sure you can at least double that.
So GOP wants to cut every program that helps with the epidemic & support big pharma which is a major contributor to the problem
should probably gut health care.
Also, 44,193 people committed suicide in 2015, and about 50% of them did it with a gun
why are you protecting and enabling a traitors agenda? Oppose his agenda until the FBI can conclude their investigation.
Opioid abuse is a problem. Oh look! http://thelibertarianrepublic.com/opioid-abuse-plummeting-states-legal-marijuana/ … If you care about this as much as you claim, look at root solutions.
So, keep cutting funding for specifically this purpose, Senator. After all, we need less social spending aka entitlements.
yet, the GOP wants to repeal #ACA which would inflate that number
Ok, so let's gut healthcare or give massive tax breaks to the rich as a solution...
let's gut Congress and get some humane people in their place
I used to vote quietly. Now I will do everything in my power to mobilize as many votes as possible against you.
it seems like ins ought to cover rehab treatment for this epidemic. Or should they just bootstrap it?
those stats certainly mean we should cut addiction treatment....NOT
Do you have a point, John? You for or against the cuts to treatment and NIH? U don't lead on anything that matters to nondonors.
Yes, but it's not everybody's fault!  Not everyone abuses opioids! We still need opioids for the sick, in pain/dying!
God agrees!  He has given all peoples medicine for medicinal reasons!  But, not to abuse.  God says however, those...
that are abusing medicines with severe addiction, where they feel they need fixing, He has plagued them w/ a demon!
, your plan to kill the Poor is working perfectly, #grossLeaderz
