Who looks at ANY of these ads?..we live in a clicker society..an ad comes on and the channel gets gets changed...they influence no one
My dad and brothers click and share every pro-republican meme regardless of how factual the content is. I'd say they can easily influence.
Remaining 75% seen by 10 million people.

Also, the percentage of ads that were seen has nothing to do with how many times each was seen
I was hellbent on voting for Hillary until these Russian Facebook ads totally changed my life!
That wasn't the intent.
The op wasn't aimed to get people to vote *for* Trump, just to get people to *not* vote Hillary. You cons weren't the marks, liberals were
 Hillary did a great job of getting people*not* to vote for her all by herself. When she collapsed at 9/11 memorial, she was finished.
The optics of this day was the nail in her coffin. You can't be the commander & chief of the US, & collapse at the memorial site of the...
Your buddies in Russia said it was ok huh?

Trump "began fulminating about federal laws that prohibit American businesses from bribing officials overseas." 
How about the ads that were not turned over? How many where racially divisive? How many were blatant propaganda?
Well said,Mr. York. I'm still waiting for one voter to come forward and tell us that a Russian held gun to his/her head while voting. BSBSBS
Well that's ridiculous. You can be swayed without a gun to your head. A cursory look at our country's partisanship today shows that. 
Stop spreading fake news. @GOP lying corrupt treasonous putin puppets #nullify2016
Washington Examiner..hahaha..what a joke this publication is. On the same level as Newsmax,Infowars, Breitbart. York,Drucker, Zito the worst
It is insulting to saying the American ppl would vote based on a Facebook ad
And what about the content? Was it all about; her emails, lock her up, And Benghazi? Cause #Twittler def. Benefited from it. #ImpeachTrump
"10 reasons to stay calm" Is this parody?? Who in the world actually believes any of this b.s. except navel-gazing Leftist "journos"
I missed a turn somewhere. What happened to "Muh Russia" **hacked** the election? Which votes and machines were compromised?
Hmm, wonder how many ads were placed for Hillary by foreign interests? Or would that be besides the point.
Glad to see my senator hasn't made up his partisan mind. As usual, John will find a way to make this about politics not security.
Funny how your trying so desperately to poke holes in the first 3k FB ads, U do remember those were paid for with rubles... tip if iceberg
Since when is buying ads a bad thing, except if you're a fascist trying to control the info people get. 
Oh, I see, deep state fascists.
Another Dems and cnn desperate attempt to find something after a year it’s embarrassing for them
So that's like 81% right?  That had no effect?
Or flip the argument. 
Name one story that was widely believed to be NYT but turned out to be Russia.
Thanks for the i fested fishing add jr.
Still under attack. They’re still running ads. When the ads you run produce clicks, don’t replace them til they don’t. Some don’t get run.
Byron
YOU LIE
This is all much ado about nothing.
Byron parts of the nation are wasting so much time on this garbage. Let’s get on with MAGA
And 3) Facebook was happy to take the Russians money, but no one seems to want to know why
Hahaha...this investigation is pitiful.
When will facebook release information on ads coming from other countries besides Russia?  And how did they determine these ads were from Russians?
Who cares!?!? Those are just facts.
Much ado about. NOTHING!!! Yet another smoke screen diversion away from #crookedhillary @realDonaldTrump was CORRECT!!!!!
Been calm. The public IC report is laughable. Not calm about that.
boy does somethin smell rotten here
"Six of the Russian pages discovered by Facebook generated approximately 20 million shares, likes and comments."
and the last sediment of the Russia story circles the drain
So how many were for "Her"?

But "RUSSIA!!!!!!!"
Turn over to the FBI.  They can solve in under 12 hours like LV
PERSIST! RESIST the truth! POTUS is insane AND a Russian plant!
so do they get their money back on that 25% not seen by anyone?
@Chrocadas4 After election to promote Resistance? Try to discredit legitimacy of election=corruption. FB=corruption
My opinion: facebook is a razor's edge seditious organization. And facebook knows it.
Can we now see the 95% of them ?
So there is a chance then
Comments @AliVelshi ?
Shouldn't the media be investigating this Mark Zuckerberg/Russia collusion?
Semms more like colUUUUUUUUUsion between Mark Zuckerberg and Russia. Wouldn't you agree @KateBolduan @PoppyHarlowCNN @JohnBerman
You opinion piece does not replace facts.
Have u become a tumpette????
Speaking of Russia- why is Steele referred to as a "spy" in headlines re dossier when he wasn't a spy but a paid political op -former at min
Such a waste of our money and their time.
You’re an apologist for the subversion of democracy, what does it feel like?
...
Hillary spent 1.3 Billion, somehow the 100,000 spent by Russians beat her? If she's that stupid she deserved to lose. Hillary for Prison!
@SenatorBurr you and warner lies. It is time to stop the charade and move on and actually do something
Oh right so I guess that means there was no Russian campaign to influence and subvert our elections. Well, I feel better now! Lol 

We're the ads created by the same ppl behind the fake #Russian scandal??? Democrats #DeepState
Seems like these would be important facts. Another no there there.
I have never seen a Russian ad on FB.

That's ok as long as there is the slightest chance of interface in election the LEFT will run w/ it. They lost grip on reality yrs ago.
Remind me why the Trump admin has continually lied about their relationships and interactions with Russian agents?
Keep drinking your liberal kool-aid & swallowing all the lies and bullshit from CNN & PMSNBC. If you want to live under communists try NORKO
Ads? Really, we're going to stretch this BS out to the point Russia submitting ads is more egregious than CNN giving out debate questions?
Tell me about Benghazi and Seth Rich and the Moon landing.
Benghazi is a city, Seth is dead and humans landed on the moon.. Happy?
It would still be a significant problem if campaign officials helped Russians decide where and when to place ads, no? Even if not effective.
No one has ever suggested that took place. Where do you get this juxtapose?
Then, of course, there were the hundreds of thousands of bots deployed by Mercer before the election. Hard to get around the manipulation.

So - yet another yawner nothing burger.
