Sigh
Why are you cheering this? Real people are going to be hurt. This isn't a game where your team "wins." It's real people--have you forgotten?
so now you're quoting CNN when it fits your agenda?  I thought all you right wingers thought CNN was fake news?  #opportunist
Serve the people you represent and fix the problems... or better yet repeal your healthcare plans first!
We, the people, are speaking loud & clear: Improve Obama care; do NOT repeal! #ProtectOurCare #ACA #NoTrumpCare
John Cornyn stood by Richard Mourdock (R) after commenting pregnancy from rape is "something God intended." #Rape #Humanrights
#DOyourjob #RUSSIA #lies #treason #workforTEXASnotparty
Haven't you had 7 years to fix this? Why didn't the GOP roll out a plan that works?
And we will hold you responsible.
Another one bites the dust... Maybe we should have read the bill before passing it???
And then we can call you and 45 et al murderers and traitors for sabotaging American innocents. You are immoral and soullesss, don't gloat
Why are you so intent on Ocare dying, when neither you or #GOP have a replacement? Does the thought of helping the poor pain you that much?
Why do you delight in demise of health care?  Focus on Trumps illegal activities.
Saying it's dying doesn't make it so. If the GOP made any attempt to support it, every single segment of this country would be better off.
Read this
Obama Care broke because of the GOP killing it .
It's sad that u feel this way. So many people could die if they don't have health care.
Sadly, a Texas Senator can use healthcare and die in the same sentence knowing that what they are doing will kill American's
Why do you hate America? Why are you hurting human beings? What is wrong with you?
He believes life is a gift from God. Construing his words any other way is irresponsible and ridiculous. Separation of Church and State?
You own it John, so exactly what are you doing about it, other than let American's lose healthcare.
Issues like this are fixable. Threatened GOP repeal/replace bodes death knell for those w pre-existing conditions -- the weakest among us.
@JohnCornyn you should be ashamed for celebrating the failure of any part of our government. Party before country?
Maybe more productive to reflect on what happened and prevent a Texas repeat than gloating. Can R's offer any solutions?
So what are you going to do to help?  We didn't send you to D.C. just to stand there and watch. Do something!
Our the COP should vote on Kill all the Poor Bill, problems solved. #RichCunts
When Ocare dies, so will people.  But you don't care, do you?  I think you hate Americans!!
Fix the ACA ....way better idea then anything GOP has come up with ....if it breaks on your watch u own it ...
Bless your heart.
If ACA dies, it is on #GOP. You have W.H., Congress and Senate. You could fix it if you wanted to, but you choose to play politics instead.
instead of gloating, why aren't you offering a fix to keep Humana from leaving!
It's NOT Obamacare anymore. 
It's TRUMPCARE. 
You had your chance. You own it now.
#FlipTexas2020
Obamacare will die if you sabotage it. 
You would rather do the will of Trump & GOP then Americans & your constituents?
Could it have something to do with this
Perhaps you should get to work then.
Makes you happy that people will be without health insurance & think you can then force your BS Trumpcare? Wow, what a guy. Next town hall?
New bill to take away Coverage for preexisting, ambulance rides, Dr office visits, higher rates for seniors and those sick. Bet u love it
Meanwhile you sold our internet history after tech co put $140K in your pocket! Why did you do this? Come home and explain.
Dude, I'm totally glad you cleared this up. I thought the GOP was trying to kill it in the House and Senate... ACA can work if we want it to
Read this
But cheers to you buddy keep up the cheering so that YOUR side might WIN. And your big Pharma and Insurance support will be happy.
This could be interpreted from the outside as being void of empathy and compassion for some that you represent who need exactly that.
You do realize you are cheering for subsequent pain, illness and perhaps death on parts of who you are supposed to represent?
Cornyn doesn't care. He has gov't insurance. And it's been a long time since I met a Republican who cared about anything but Party Politics.
Just wait until you are voted out! It will happen...Trump Puppet
HeyJohn! Interesting leadership style there...when GOP replacement proposal dies because it angered constituencies you cheer for ACA to fail
TrumpCare 2.0......second verse, worse than the first!
Why don't you care enough for your constituents to support ACA measures that work!? Nope, you pick @GOP over people...
You demonstrate every day you don't care about your constituents. You are so partisan.
So fix it, close the loopholes, shore up the weaknesses; in other words, serve the people you represent, not your big money pals.
In the mutation required by your party, the #ACA must be repaired. Liberate the private insurers and expand Medicaid to cover everyone.
Could it be Republicans killed the risk corridor? You can whine and gripe, but have ou ever solved a problem more complicated than 2+2?
I'm confident that you and the rest of the GOP will do everything possible to ensure it's failure, no matter how worse off people might be
- FIX. IT. Are you listening? This knee-jerk partisan whining is beyond tedious. You. Had. 7. Years. Stop whining & do your job!
Humana is pulling out because regulations don't allow them to screw people over as much as they want. #greedyinsurancecompanies
#sick2hopebenefit4americansdie
You're not doing the job we sent you to Washington to do, Senator.  You represent *all* Texans, right?
Isn't it your job to write laws to improve the lives of Americans?  Why are you only advancing party politics here?
why did you vote for selling our internet data? election day will soon be upon you.
You all must be stupid or crooked.  mandates + no enforcement system + no means to lower costs = Disaster. #FullRepeal + Medicare please
How proud you must be that this will cause citizens to sicken and die.
glad to see your out to help voters stay healthy.
Republicans: Obamacare won't work, elect us and we'll prove it.
At the hands of GOP haters?
Good. If hillbillies destroy the country, at least we'll have the pleasure of watching them die of diabeetus and black lung disease first.
Can we discuss this at your town hall?
The GOP sacrifices the health of citizens to play political games and benefit its career. Then acts proud.
What message are you signaling now?  U r on recess this Friday.  What townhalls do u have planned so we can talk to u about yr voters needs!
Socialized medicine for middle class will end in a horror show! Help the poor ,Yes! But end Ocare taxes on middle class! Give control back
GOP is the only party that will cut funding, then say the program has failed and must be "reformed" by drowning in a bathtub.
You just can't stand it, can you?  A BLACK president did something to help so many people and you couldn't stop him.
Because the GOP cut funding for reimbursement of insurers' losses under the ACA, which was part of the plan?
If it dies, you should be held accountable. You promised a solution, did not deliver, you cannot pass the buck. 100% on you.
Why is the gov. making most Freemarket options to healthcare illegal ? Why can't GOP just trust the American FreeMarket on healthcare ?
Where do you get these ideas? Last I checked, my health insurance comes from a private company. Also, the Free Market is not God.
That's because GOP-dominated Tenn refused the medicaid expansion and then GOP defunded the insurance risk corridors. GOP set it up to fail.
Yes the @gop did and most ppl don't realize that they have been slowly killing The ACA for seven years now and still do not have a solution
Not Congress, apparently.
Why is that? What is it about ACA that causes insurers to leave? Having to insure sick ppl? Don't sick ppl need care? Y can't U fix it?
Try reading this
You've had 8 years to improve the ACA, and you've done nothing. Don't try to push this on someone else, you feckless embarrassment.
Why are you so gleeful to cut people's insurance?
