Accessory after the fact.
@JohnCornyn So you actually read the article where it said the man was NOT released, right? No one is in danger. Stop lying.
immedy
Once upon a time in the West, Rape was punishable with a rope from a nearby Mesquite tree.
Publish the release time, date and location.
can you get the feds to arrest this so called sheriff. LE is supposed to enforce all laws, not the 1s you choose to enforce
Why is that Sheriff still employed?
@drichardson6619 you are wonderful Greg too bad the @DNC are so against a safe America
When are they going to start using rubber bullets for rioters in Austin.
rubber?  Huh.
I would prefer lead but rubber is better than nothing.
rubber bullets are excellent with head shot they are out for hours also paint balls  can track runners
Paint balls great if hit skin. Like a fluorescent yellow.
Close down that county's jail and relocate the prisoners to jails that enforce our laws.
I believe if you are not documented
No bail  and deals should be offered by our legal system.
If you can save American Citizen life , all day long.
This is NUTS!!!!
@leatherneck111 , We need to out a stop to it !
Texas leads the way Gov !!!
@Epignosis8 Grew up in Texas. You guys are making me want to come home. Keep it up.
I know you poor souls now get your cues from the anathema, but please try to maintain at least some semblance of integrity.

Why did it take Donald trump to stop illegals from being jailed
Eventually we'll be at 5-6 "sanctuary city" holdouts in US. ...for 15-20 million illegals. Do libs do math?
can we do something about slaps on the wrists for individuals once they're convicted?
@afezio1952 
Sanctuary Cites will be done soon. Fed law breakers will be jailed.

..Thank you Governor, please let Texas be the role model for the rest of America. Texans love what you do for us and America
That sheriff needs to be IN JAIL
and the offenders picked back up!!!!
The offender was never released. Abbott is, as usual, FOS.
they wouldn't comply... But aggravated sexual assault is one of only 4 they comply with. Disgusting
@aplusk liberals! They love having sex with children.
@TravisCOSheriff U can't pick & choose what laws u enforce..Unless u r hiding some of your own family from ICE.Crime is Crime
DYING
FROM
PEOPLE
SAVES
NALOXONE
This Sheriff and her policy puts the public in danger; therefore, she's violating her oath as a law enforcement officer.
bring back public hanging. Make Texas great again!!
Governor Greg Abbott is doing a killer job keep up the good work governor Texas proud of you sick of do-nothing officials
Texans support you Governor! Keep it up!
Corrupt @GregAbbott_TX lazy @JohnCornyn Who RU fooling? Nobody gets convicted for sex assault in TX. GOP pigs don't believe rape is a thing.
@JohnCornyn why are you both ignoring the consensus of experts & making our cities less safe?? #wearentthatignorant #stopsb4
I hope you do end it. JUST DO IT ALREADY!!!! STOP TALKING ABOUT IT AND JUST DO IT!!!! ENOUGH TALK!!!
proud of you Keep it Up !
I feel so sorry & so sad for this young girl. This will impact her life for so long. Poor little girl. Where is her justice!
@JohnCornyn yep, Travis county isn't required to do the Feds bidding. You want us to be forced by law to do their job?
@JohnCornyn What happened to the judge who sentenced Brock Turner?  Young girls and women are only useful as props.
@JohnCornyn The time to end municipal violation of federal immigration law is long overdue
wow!
It's time this ended. If they release these criminals, they must be held accountable for the crimes they commit after
@JohnCornyn Thank you, Gov Abbot. Glad someone from Texas is actually taking a stand against Liberal policies.
@JohnCornyn Is sheriff Hernandez guilty of aiding and abetting? Perhaps we should sic ICE on her!
arrest the sheriff for unlawful conduct the sheriff took an Oath to uphold & enforce the law & constitution correct ?
what are you going to do once they are deported? Do you think they won't come back? How r things really going to change?
Crime does pay if you are an illegal immigrant.
The sheriff should be prosecuted for giving aid to a sex offender. It's pathetic that this action is being allowed
@JohnCornyn he's being detained. Sanctuary city policies keep Austin safe,
And deport Sheriff Hernandez.
@KgiardenKaren Abbott da man
Fire Sally Hernandez
Quit with the bullshit. She didn't change anything. You jumped the gun in claiming he was released.
#SupportMassDeportation
@RRRDontTreadOn Greg Abbott is an awesome governor
@JohnCornyn get a warrant or stop breaking the law.
@JohnCornyn Time for those who willfully ignore the law to be prosecuted like any other criminal behavior is prosecuted
@JohnCornyn 
The article Abbott's provides contradicts his needed 'reality' to betray other Texans.
@JohnCornyn they detained him---system worked
Both men mentioned in the article are being charged and bail is set. NOT "Set Free." That's a lie, Mister Abbott.
Texas safety is a big priority...Thank you and God bless you @GovAbbott @GregAbbott_TX  for all you are doing TEXAS FIRST.
@JohnCornyn 
We The People support you AND our laws. Prosecute responsible parties for the release of this criminal.
Lock Hernandez up @GregAbbott_TX
@JohnCornyn protect children with health care, schools, and family services. Foster care in this state is a disaster.
please delete this tweet, it is incorrect.  This man was not set free.  He never left the Travis Co jail.
@JohnCornyn GOD BLESS TEXAS!
@JohnCornyn Remember Marlise Munoz? Texans certainly do. #AbbottFrankenstein
@JohnCornyn Only they didn't.
@JohnCornyn where does it say "set free"?
Don't confuse them with facts.
@JohnCornyn Only they didn't set him free. Read, watch the actual news. Don't spread sensationalism like this. #aTXvoter
Shut them down!  This is UnAmerican.
@vandives Hell, your a Texan, I should have known Better!
@vandives Go Get them Greg, and don't ever give up!!!
under your foster care system which was ruled unconstitutional, children are being trafficked more than any other state
your state legislature cut funding for that program. You are not a federal immigration employee but you fail as our governor
yeah ur right! I don't know the facts but 8 years regardless is harsh. Meanwhile this sexual predator is free?
So did Ken fucking Starr.  I don't see you cutting off funding to Baylor.
@SWFLBeachBabe whoever is responsible for releasing him should be charged with conspiracy and jailed
Hmmm sounds like harboring a felon.  Send in the Texas Rangers and LOCK HER UP.  Its that easy. Send a message called ARREST
you could've stopped this a long time ago, but you didn't. You prefer tax cuts over child welfare.
Well then, it's up to the Feds to arrest the Sheriff for interfering with US Government Law Enforcement and Government Admin.
Illegal...
Commit a Crime = Get DEPORTED - NO Jail in USA just get them OUT of USA!
@LindaSuhler Americans (especially Repubs) who have liberated more humans than all countries combined r now fish in a barrel
@PennyHicks13 Disgraceful example of deriliction of duty. Those responsible should be relieved from their position(s) ASAP.
Quickly I hope.
if that man ends up harming another person...its on them.  Should have moved him out of USA
@TexasGOP   Inaccurate to say "set free." I've read 2 stories which say he remains in custody. Check your facts & wording.
we the people demand justice we will defend our country & constitution against all attacks
peace and strength.n with your I  governing our state
@LindaSuhler Please!
God is with you. You are doing an awesome job and right in God's eyes. He is blessing you
Praying and dont ever back down. It has to be done. I.C.E HAS TO SWEEP AUSTIN ALL ILLEGALS THERE
@LindaSuhler Greg Abbott must set a major example here, America will NOT tolerate this. Your state is admired 4 your stance
@LindaSuhler please end it! That's what's wrong with these cities, it hurts the innocent
yes end it! Arrest the sheriff!
THIS IS SO WRONG!! Is @POTUS & @VP aware of this??!!
#with #respect, #sir, so what? You are educated, now pandering to untrained minds. Better one guilty man go free than ...
keep the legislators feet to the fire pass the law hold public officials accountable even criminally accountable.
The crime was inhumane, no one disagrees, but it doesn't justify turning away people fleeing from the same violent acts.
Why still feeding your audience fake news? #NotInMyName
can we see the face of such animal in order to share and pass along
please Governor do not allow any more harm caused by free criminals and illegals.
@texasinsider nonsense
why won't you speak out against @realDonaldTrump
It cant be soon enough!!! TEXANS want this.
you make me proud to be a Texan thank you
lock her up
wow
when will we see action to stop this liberal lawless sheriff who is refusing to enforce the law?
We require our sex offenders to register but if your not documented then we don't require registration and set them free.
2) move faster to go get him before he's released, if they really want him
you do realize that a judge set the bond, right? You also know that @ICEgov 1) can go pick him up wherever he is....
I sure hope they can find him.
How many American drunk drivers, child molesters, etc are set free. Like to see those #'s Governor. Don't just cherry pick.
Any judge that lets a creep like this loose, should have to house him with his own family.
He wasn't released. Abbott lied.
Look who's trying to play federal INS officer, but doesn't realize he's a state official. Worry about the state. #federalism
about time-this Texas governor gets it!
Hernandez, Adler and other Austin and Travis County libtard duMocraPs have gone from stupid to flat out crazy and dangerous.
You go Governor Abbott !!!
Who is their right mind would protect/enable this type of scum?
that's terrible. TX has an attorney gen who allegedly bilked investors out of millions. terrible too. Gonna do something?
Fire her NOW!
All of us are behind you on this sort of violation. However, issuing a detainer for a speeding ticket is where you lose us.
Whoaa! Gov U tend 2 short facts. Allege is not convicted.  Judge see this? Sheriff's comments?  Resolve federal invasion 1st!
Gov., share latest intelligence reports on federal troops massing w/plan to invade Texas.  Is that 2 sensitive to discuss?
Share w/all Texans your desire to mislead 2 satisfy only U. When 44 in offuce, U cried of invasion. W/45, no talk of invasion
What's wrong, Gov.? Invasion cat got your tongue? What R U doing to have all covered by ACA or Medicare? Nothing! Distraction
I challenge everyone who says it's not the county's job to sacrifice your kid or give me an alternative to keep crims in jail
Wish you were the Governor of a lot of other States. A great example of how to keep your citizens safe!
I wish he was the governor of any other state.Let them deal with the continuous posturing and embarrassment.
When.?  Make this a priority.
go pound your chest some where else.
THAT SHERIFF ALSO NEEDS TO BE CHARGED WITH ENDANGERING THE PUPLIC!!
CORPUS NEEDS YOUR HELP! CASA overbooked, CPS has less, and CCPD has much on their plates....
Definitely DO SOMETHING GOVERNOR ABBOTT! How can that sheriff even look at herself in a mirror?
SO, after all that happened yesterday & you want to talk AUSTIN, again? THANK GOD 4 ICE! And PRAISE THE LORD TRUMP'S IN!!!
Sheriff treated them no different than any other criminal. C'mon governor. None of these criminals was going to be
... Immediately deported until they serve time for their crimes. Longer if they dispute legalities. Texans will still be
footing the bill for these criminals for at least 12 months which is how a Pro-Life State values 7yo girls.
That is absolutely horrible. So other children can be sexually assaulted. 
Sally Hernandez should be in jail over this. Classic example of y people distrust LEO's . She is NOT above thre law.
lock her up
Stick to your guns, Governor. Real Texans love you, for sure!
Constable can arrest Sheriff for any violation of TX law.
meanwhile a woman in Fort Worth who unknowingly committed voter fraud is sentenced to 8 years in prison?!?! 
that's why they need to lock up the sheriff
Obviously you have the ability to end all state funding to this LEO agency. Do it now.
Very little state funding to counties or cities in Texas. No income tax. No state property tax. All local.
.@GregAbbott_TX 
Punishment for Aiding and Abetting in Texas " as in the case of a police officer, " http://www.sharpcriminalattorney.com/criminal-law/4730/punishment-for-aiding-and-abetting-in-texas/ … #Txlege
Arrest her now.
Please tighten the laws to put sex offenders of children especially away for a LONG time!
At least they didn't try to control women's health, use talking points for campaign, kill unions, etc., etc., etc.
Hahahahahahaha
and get rid of the Travis County judge who wore her "pussy hat" while on the bench
sounds like she might have a dunce cap on!
OMG we have to stop this - why can't you stop this?  Wow, we are in danger now because of this - THIS NEEDS IMMEDIATE ATT
so pssst
So, @JohnCornyn says TEXANS really NOT interested in a border WALL.  The Sr. Senator from TEXAS is simply not being honest.
CORNYN,HEAR THIS CLEARLY,THERE'S A WALL COMING, SUPPORT OR BE VOTED OUT  !
Keep fighting the good fight @GregAbbott_TX !!
Yes sir, jail the responsible parties!
Please end this sanctuary state in all cities and counties.
HAPPY VALENTINES to the most perfect governor in the USGOD BLESS YOU 
We The People Support You And LAW ENFORCEMENT!
arrest the mayor and charge with accessory to a crime.
Under your Excellent leadership I have no doubts Gov! Keep making us Texans proud Sir! God bless you and your family!
OMG!
