no but they've certainly made everything take a lot longer which is annoying
let's get to destroying the country ASAP! No time for discussion, we've got rivers to pollute!
I don't agree with you Sally I'm 1/4 Native American- not in the polluting rivers, different priorities
cool Jessica. Glad you don't want to pollute rivers but why do you want to rush in the clowns?
I think the protesters are  clowns rushing in. Protests cost and  they're raising the taxes & making poor relocate
our nation's history has been defined by protests.
yes protests that had a direction, current protests are selfies with no real direction and daily so meaning diluted
They've got a ton of support. You'd know that if you listened to the messages currently blocking calls from getting through.
You don't listen to your constituents *at all*, and then you crow about ignoring us on the weekends?
we can't talk to a staffer or even leave a message. This is an "annoyance" to him.
He'd better START listening! Call his city offices, not the DC office. Also call Cruz.
I find the city offices easier to get through in my state.
Senator, the "we / they" stance of partisan politics is not what's best for our country. Please listen to ALL your constituents
we have bigger numbers and more public support then the tea party.
John, it's better for us that you keep telling yourself we are paid protestors, a small movement, or AstroTurf. But we aren't.
I really want a paid protestor job. Where do I apply?
check Craigslist, $2500/month, medical and dental benefits, have to show up at X number of protests
who is paying this? That sounds so sketchy.
I don't know, saw the ad in the Cleveland Craigslist
Your jammed phone lines and reaction on social media show that your constituents not happy with You / Trump / Bannon
Or Ted Cruz for that matter.
are you blind and deaf. Protests around the world against this fascist government. You all will go down for this.
"Their cause" is issues important to us, the American people. Our emails,calls, protests are in support.
They're not even trying bc they don't think they have 2 since they have Congress in their pocket & big $ 2 back them.
1.5 million calls to Congress every day in opposition to Trump's picks. That's public support. Check your fancy new voicemail.
@DBrandewie @SenTedCruz @dallasnews Trump stated on live CNN 1-19-17 paid Cornyn $ & he had to work for it. Cornyn sold his soul
Ignore the massive country-wide protests, even the ones outside your office. Full steam ahead! #ImpeachTrump
That's funny. All polls (and election vote totals) show the public hates the Trump/GOP agenda. You're corrupt tyrants/traitors.
No public support eh?Tell that to the CD meetings that have to be split in 2 or the local groups who gained 800+members 1 night!
your partisan, "we won.. so there" tweets are unbecoming of a senator. You are my representative; please elevate the discourse.
And I can't say this enough—I CANNOT WAIT to vote you out of office.
you're delusional if you see no public support. Hold a townhall so we can talk you you coward.
your positions are horrendous
there is sooooo much oublic support. I will NOT vote for you.  Any write in is better.
Big shot must be planning to retire at t end of this term. How else to explain lack of response to constituent concerns. #Resist
How can you say that?  Ignore this at your own electoral peril.  Ask the Dems from 2010 about it.
I called you 30 times in the last 2 weeks. I got through once. There is public resistance. We're not unhinged we're empowered.
I know you like to ignore constituents who don't agree w/you, but I'm here, I'm part of the public & I support their cause. 
They've failed? Sir, I am your constituent. When is your next town meeting? I think you're tone deaf. You need to hear from us.
Keep supporting him. You will find yourself out of office too
Hard to do with Rep lemmings in Senate.There is a groundswell underneath you, look out. #resist
we have plenty of public support
I'm sorry maybe you need to come out from under the rock you live under
you betray those who elected you by placing ideology over majority opinion of nominees - across party lines.
keep underestimating our movement, ask those unseated by the Tea Party how well that worked out for them.
Because you're a partisan lackey too craven to stand up for your constituents! #election2020 You are gone! #ResistTrump
cool, you finally found some "public" to talk to!
- there is most certainly support against trump, you just aren't listening
You mean the public you're scared to meet? That public? #senatorcoward #fearitself #resist
this is a slap in the face to all tx voters who spent valuable time calling, emailing, etc against his picks- that u ignored
really? Then why won't you answer your phone or email's? I hate to tell ya but us Texans are done w you and ol lyin @tedcruz 
did you see the uproar over devos?  There was plenty of public support for defeat.
“failed to gain public support” is demonstrably false, as your own Austin staff will tell you. Also: double ACLU membership, etc
I used “etc” due this platform’s workings, but here’s an example I just saw, one of many many https://mobile.twitter.com/i/web/status/830471897926209543 …
.@JohnCornyn 16k retweets in 17 hrs, but please, tell me more about lack of public support https://twitter.com/RepLloydDoggett/status/830538045350875137 …
Hey, John, guess what!? I'm not a paid supporter. Guess what else? Neither is anyone else. Y'all just really, really suck.
I voted for you in 2008 and 2014. Never again. Your job is to listen to constituents not dismiss them. Abysmal performance.
I am your constituent and I am very disappointed you have jumped on the Trump bandwagon. He is fundamentally unfit don't enable
"they" are going to vote your sorry arse out of office the first chance "they" get!
can't wait to vote you out of office because you're just a stooge for partisanship not doing the people's business
check your facebook page. Does that look like a lack of support?  https://www.facebook.com/SenJohnCornyn/posts/10154933518424424:0 …
#ImmoralGOP #You'reaTaker #NoCornyn2020
You will be gone in 2020.  You have sunk your own bankroll.  If you paid attention to your constituents you would know this.
The support we DON'T have is from our own Senator!  U support ALL the people John not just #GOP & u r NOT LISTENING 2 us voters!
No support, really? You should fire your office staff for not relaying the thousands of messages sent to you.
If you had actually done the job we the people elected you to do, you would have voted NO to Devos.  How much did she pay YOU?
I think you've forgotten who you work for.  Not the Betsy DeVos's of the world.  The people who elected you.
you're to partisan. You're supposed to be solving issues for Texans not just ruining the nation with partisanship
You just dont know about the TX support because u dont answer phone, read emails, or hold town halls. FB & Twitter are on FIRE
I guess if you don't have staff to pick up your phone or have a working voice mail system then how would you know. Smart system!
ICYMI, you guys have White House and congress. Maybe you can, I dunno, do something other than complain. You won, now work.
you continue to fail hearing your constituents and NO  we are not unhinged. Just keep thinking that. 2020 is not far away.
NO. You are upset because of all the calls telling you to NOT vote for DeVos. YOU refused to listen to the people.
we won't fail at the polls. You and all other Republicans in TX have your careers at stake b/c your constituents are organizing!
You, sir, are not a patriot.
@tedcruz  - look up unhinged. See photo of Trump. I am a constituent. Answer your phone. #DemocracyIsNotNegotiable
You are out of touch with Texans and not listening to us. We the People #wethepeople
do your job and represent your constituents!
I sat with a group of 15 plus women that wrote numerous letters to you opposing trump's picks. Do you check your mail?
are you deaf to consistently loud public support for the last 3 weeks? Before that, there was 3M more in public support.
Many of your constituents supports them, like me. You aren't listening. Hold a town meeting, let's talk! @PantsuitAustin #resist
You do realize that IBD is a common acronym for Irritable Bowel Disease, don't you? #durchfail
They have plenty of public support jack ass. #FuckCornyn
come on. We all know that's completely false #alternativefacts they have gained MASSIVE public support. #answeryourphone & hear
I am not a paid protestor. I have asked you via fax, postcard, and phone not to confirm Trump's cabinet appointments.
believe it or not, not all republicans are idiots. And they're going to remember your DeVos vote. She is WILDLY unqualified.
- Failed to gain public support? Why don't you check your VM or actually answer your constituents' calls. #alternativefacts
Maybe you're right and we need even more people overwhelming your lines sharing our opposition. Ok then. We're not going away
I'm sorry, how do spell #alternativefacts in your parallel universe? Where have you been?
no public support!---did not realize you would stoop to outright lying
you do not listen to us at all. Therefore come 2020 we will vote you out.
1) True 2) False, we have many more Resistors in the streets than Teabaggers ever had.
How does it feel to be in your final term? Both sides of the political spectrum were overwhelmingly against DeVos. And you knew.
When is YOUR next town hall? We want dates. 
Tell you what. Since you ignore us, how about it if we come to you?
Answer the phone and then maybe you'll hear from your constituents who support opposing the picks @JohnCornyn #RingRing #AnybodyHome?
why is this "us vs. them" for you? You represent all Americans in your constituency, don't you?... or, not?
Are you gloating?  Very unbecoming and a goid way to alienate your constituents.
the cause being democracy and protecting the constitution? I'd say the people are standing up to you and this hateful regime
town hall in Austin, please.  public support is real, you fool.
awe, that's cute that you keep burying your head in the sand. Your constituents Re coming for you in 2020.
Do you just have your head in the sand? I called your office daily for weeks protesting Devos and I know I wasn't alone.
His form-letter response on DeVos is a smack in the face of educated parents. #VoteHimOUT
oh and when's your next town hall? If you don't listen when we call or come to ur ofc maybe you'll listen when we come in person
Saying something repeatedly doesn't make it true, you know. We are your constituents and we vote.
There's plenty of public support. Your just ignoring all our calls, letters and emails Bc you don't like our kind of "public."
You have no scheduled town halls in TX during the recess. Not all of us can fly to D.C. for Thurs coffee. Man up.
the many thousands who have overwhelmed your offices with calls letters and attempted visits who disagree with you mean nothing?
I personally have sent messages to you. We are active, UNPAID, and vocally unhappy about the nominees.
..... You're as delusional as your buddy #Trump #wtf #wehaveeyes #listentoconstituents #unacceptable #resist
I am a registered voter in Texas, vote in every election (including midterms and local) and I oppose Trump's picks.
The public has been trying to reach you. Hold a town hall. We have more to talk about than just terrible cabinet appointments.
you are clearly not paying attention.
.@JohnCornyn Senator, your constituents (incl. me) have been contacting you for weeks. You're ignoring us.
you don't know what the public supports, Herr Cornyn. When have you ever listened to the constituents? Shame on you. #resign
Regardless of the success that you had ignoring our calls, emails, and tweets, we were serious. 2020 is not that far away.
we may not have stopped a confirmation but we are definitely gaining public support #ImpeachTrump http://www.publicpolicypolling.com/main/2017/02/americans-now-evenly-divided-on-impeaching-trump.html …
this validates you are not listening to your constituents who put you where you are. It shall change.
It's going to be fun to watch you lose next time around. Maybe then you'll understand what public support looks like.
No public support??? So the constituents calling you **daily** are calling to say "hi"? We're concerned & not happy.
Houston needs more libraries. Please get some for us.
they = your constituents @JohnCornyn how do you not get that? Lifelong Texan ready for a rep who cares about state over party #resist
That's because you don't listen to your constituents! #NotMyRepresentative
If you don't see public support for their cause, it is because you aren't paying attention. Meet with us. We'll talk about it.
They have failed to stop any of them because partisans like you don't have the integrity to put common sense over party politics
you haven't heard us??  Ignoring constituents is bad for job security.
how can you say no public support? Look how long it is taking to confirm his picks!!
new reality you, your ilk need to come to grips with: your opposition is not just “democrats”, it’s also the formally unengaged
*formerly*
no public support? You're more out of touch than I thought...and that's hard to do. #resist
wrong. The fact that ur voicemail was full for 2 weeks prior to DeVos's confirmation proves that the public wants you 2 block
Teachers in Texas will not forget how you voted on the Betsy DeVoss nomination.  #Partisan politics over qualified leaders.
I understand the need to "tow the party line" but your allegiance is to your constituents. You're ignoring our concerns.
Because YOU and others did not vote as your constituents requested. #winteriscoming
 that you think this is left or right. The future is the best candidate. Embracing Trump = you lose.
if u had the COURAGE to meet w your constituents u would know that we are a movement! U will feel our power come election time!
looks like you're more concerned with emulating supreme leader Trump than listening to your constituents. #DoYourJob #resist
there is public support in your state to oust you because of your actions for lobbyists and against your constituents
.@JohnCornyn Judging by the overwhelming number of calls, emails, and faxes your office you received, I think you know that's untrue.
Yeah, just keep telling yourself that our numbers are few and that we've failed...  #ShePersisted #TheResistance #HeretoStay
you admitted receiving overwhelming Devos opposition from your constituents and yet you ignored it. So YOU have failed.
I hate that u represent my state! U r everything I stand against. I am counting the days until u & yr buddy @SenTedCruz r gone
More alternative facts. You complained that public support clogged your phone system. Which is it?
? WTF ? Or gain public support ? R u not paying attention or is stupid is as stupid does ? We are growing everyday !
, when are you going to meet with your constituents instead of hiding from them, ignoring calls and simultaneously complaining?
@HappyOldSoul @JohnCornyn #Coward
wtf do you mean they don't have public support? You voted against what even Republican Texans wanted with DeVos #corruptcornyn
TRUE EDUCATORS will remember to vote NO to you next election and your little buddy Cruz too!  Jackwagon!
there IS support from your constituents to vote NO to DeVos you blatantly ignored calls THEN bragged the phones crashed.
Funny, Over last week have seen tremendous public support for fighting your reelection. Disappointed Dems & Repubs against Devos
Are you fucking kidding me? What do you think all your ignored phone calls are about? 2020.
I don't know what "alternative universe" you live in but if you'd actually LISTEN to constituents then you'd know where we stand
who are they? Drinking the Kool-Aid of the ridiculous again? you sound like a 12 yr old hiding behind your mom skirt's. Grow up.
CBS poll:Trump isthe 1stpresident since 1953to have moreAmericans disapprove thanapprove of thejob he'sdoing soearly inhis term.
you support crooks
- Millions protesting.

- GOP Congressman avoiding phones, scatter like roaches at Town Halls.

Public is NOT on your side.
do you listen to the nonsense that you actually say? I'm still waiting for you to represent your constituents. Not happening
Are you kidding? Tons of us were furious that we couldn't get through to you. Get more staffers to hear more calls, please.
1.5 million phone calls a day against DeVos' nomination is lack of public support? Quite the opposite, even if you ignore it.
I am your constituent. I am the public. I don't support Trump or his cabinet or scotus picks.
Fact:Quality polls by Gallup, CBS, and Quinnipiac find majority opposition to Trump's immigration moves. Where are your sources?
Bi-Partisian support against violating our Constitution is growing, awareness of Russian ties too. Bi-partisian against Trump.
are you not listening to your constituents? We are not paid protestors or the "establishment". We are your average TEXAN!
Senator, maybe if you listened to YOUR constituents this wouldn't be the case.
and this sir...is why you will lose the next election. We hired you and you failed...loser
When is your next town hall, Senator?
Ignoring your constituents and the millions raising their voices in protest is blatant disregard for the democratic process.
Hmmm, like when you ignored your pesky constituents overwhelming opposition to Devos? That kind of public support?
I'm a constituent, and I don't support your policies! Republicans elected you but aren't the only constituents you serve! Listen
No, YOU have failed your constituents by not listening to us!
calling your constituents "the establishment" ...how's that triple dipped govt paycheck doing? #hellno2020
.@JohnCornyn Failed to gain public support? Have you seen the videos from the town halls  Chaffetz, Diane Black, Mike Sparks, Justin Amash
oh and as a constituent, i cant even get through to your offices! Noone picks up the phone and i am rarely able to leave a msg!!
thats not true. Alot of people are speaking out against the cabinet picks! Yall are just ignoring us!!!!!!
You do realize you have democrat constituents? 
U & 45 r cut from same cloth
Hating is not winning
Why be Sen, ur not a leader
. I'm a real person, one of your constituents, and I vote. #lyingted and #lyingjohn are a match in heaven. #HearOurVoice
#TownHallinTexas
half of your stmt is true. Half truths are still lies. More alternative facts? #texasvoter #yourlastterm
so happy you are here for all Americans.   "They".   U r not for all Americans.   All u care about is $$$$.
Please hold a couple Town Halls in Texas, we will inform you about "public support"
how would you know? Your comment line has been turned off forever. You lie alot for a supposed Christian
kind of easy to do when the house is full of wolves.
I guess I am a they, lifelong Republican that asked you to #DumpDevos as did many of us "they's" that voted you there..#notagain
Are you daft? You had a clear majority of constituents from both sides against DeVos, but you traitorously voted YES.
hold a town hall.
THEY failed to stop any ofTrump's picks because YOU stopped listening. I'm a Dallas voter and still will be in 2020.
and then we can tell him "You're Fired"
you obviously haven't been paying attention. Try that instead of defending your bullshit decisions.
tell trump to release his taxes. Investigate Russia's influence in our elections. Preserve medicare and social security.
wrong! You just ignored the public support
.@JohnCornyn I guess you'd have to have a town hall or listen to your voicemail to know what your constituents think.
clearly you're not getting our voicemails and emails. hold a town hall so we can talk to you directly. Do your job.
says the guy who can't handle his own phone anymore
apparently you don't follow what the public is actually saying. Oh yeah, cause #alternativefacts
You're joking right? Open your eyes. People are engaged like never before and are furious our Senators don't listen to voters
3-0
are u kidding me! Look at what's going on...the fact u are choosing to ignore the will of the people
"failed to gain public support". You're kidding right. Wow.... that speaks volumes to your ignorance. Incredible.
