Folks in the Hill Country don't want to hear anymore about your obsession with Hillary. How about getting to the truth?
Emails? Seriously senator?
Like anything that's said will matter to you. Your a corrupt immoral liar!
Why ask about Clinton? Because you're a disgusting partisan. No questions regarding the actual Russian investigation.
#CountryOverParty 
My trust of the government is declining, you're hiding way too much behind classified material. Part of a shadow government?
It would be great if you'd ask some substantive questions about relevant, CURRENT topics, instead of deflection & simpering.
you guys need to remove @JohnCornyn - we've got two good Senators in CA, happy to assist with that problem :-)
I look forward to working on his opponent's campaign. But first, working for Beto against Cruz!
I haven't paid attention to who's up in 2018. That attention will be given later this year :-)
This should be Non-partisan...but I know you can't put your country over your own greed and self-serving interests!
U choose to ask nothing pertinent during UR chance 2 investigate Russian collusion & @POTUS obstruction of justice!? COMPLICIT!
You bringing up clinton, ugh, please concentrate on the matter at hand, and stop embarrassing Texas!
You were like the slacker who shows up for the class book discussion unprepared and unwilling to think critically. Time for you to go.
and you just brought up the Clinton emails . You are pathetic
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
thanks for wasting our time, cornhole.
We knew you would try to make a FALSE link between H C's email server and  Russians in Trump's campaign. And you looked pathetic doing it.
Going back 2 Pres. Clinton during a Russian collusion hearing!? What a wasted opportunity! Like @POTUS, U R an embarrassment!
You are embarrassing your state. Again. #ComeyDay
It's not every day the @POTUS is found to be impeachable. Of course you won't see it that way, right Apparatchik?
Hopefully as we watch the demolition of this administration. No one is innocent. No R legislators from either house, the cabinet or Pence.
Most taxpayers infuriated that time and money is being spent on this
"Conversation about loyalty..." Where does your loyalty lie Senator? It's not obvious to your constituents.
OMG! Do you know how to interview people of interest???? This is such BS. There is no evidence of collusion! WTF????
Oh boy, here's the part where Cornyn fabricates the narrative of vindication! What a useless tool.
Leaks! Unmasking! Obama memos.
#CountryOverParty.     SAD#BIGLY
Should have never happened. You should have backed you president. Can't wait for when you have to run again.
See you questions are about emails and NOTHING about Russia. #fakecongress #fakesenator  #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP
How many are there to discuss Hillary?
And we all know you're going to ask questions that show how much you love to carry Trump's water. It's pathetic.
Please do the right thing for once, sir
How can you honestly support Trump? #Comey is s good man. @Potus is a straight up liar.
Country first today, Senator. Your constituents will be watching and listening carefully to your line of questioning.
#CountryOverParty  #weseeyou
Yes and you better listed to what he has to say!
of course given Trump is corrupt and GOP is complicit

What will you and your colleagues do is the question? Country over party.
for good reason!
How can you trust a word he says? He has already been caught lying.
I sure we will see your showboating today
I'm sure you won't let me down, John. I have bet your questions will be off the main topic and inane.
#ImpeachTrump Country before party! Where is YOUR integrity and patriotism?
And you will make sure it's all about you...not the truth, AG or Judge Cornyn will be absent, politician Cornyn, GOP Cornyn on full display
Hopefully the POTUS has a babysitter to monitor his impulsive behavior #notfitpotus
For once in your shady political career, do the right thing. Leave HRC and the last real  president out of it.
You know if you would go after the Potus, Texans would have a better idea of who you really are. Stop defending the POS POTUS.
How abt you support our  country and state not your party of Russian money laundering mob bosses ! How abt being more like Dallas mayor?
Cornyn, Really you are going to focus on HRC? Give us a freaking break. Time to work for the Country not Trump
Smartest thing you've said in 2017. 
Please ask about Russian interference in our election & obstruction of justice. Thanks for working hard to find the truth!
Based on your words and actions of the last year, I have zero faith that you'll do the right thing. Prove me wrong, Senator. #DoYourJob
Do your damn job for the American people this time
Think you could ask a relevant question today? Or have you got more GOP smoke & mirrors all lined up ready to go? #ComeyHearings
You want to ask Comey about Clinton, WTF is wrong with you. Stop covering for Trump and remember you work for Us not him.
Send a  text to Donald to please start tweeting in a couple of minutes.
.@JohnCornyn anticipation to see if you are finally going to out country before party. Please surprise me.
Try to stay on topic today.  This is not about Hillary or friggin Bengazi or unmasking. #DOYOURJOB
Meanwhile the @SenateGOP is quietly working on taking health coverage from the old, young, and poor. Nothing to see here!
Country over party.
I'm sure we're all looking forward to your partisan distraction campaign.
Please ask questions that are pertinent to the issue at hand. #CountryOverParty
Yes please shoot you r loyalty to THIS country to the rule of law. Country over party
Except you don't care so what's your point?
Thank god for the adult senators in the room.
GOD is watching and listening
Please make patriotic America proud. Don't let disgruntled Comey lie & harm America further. #ExtremeCarelessness
Please do what is right and not what's good for you, personally. You don't have to be in lock-step with the liar-in-chief. #CountryOverParty
I'm impressed
Do your job, Senator. No more stonewalling. You took an oath!
You don't say!?
hope it is civil,serious and thorough
please put country before party today Senator.
What Trump may or made not said. Was anything illegal. If no, end this silly witchhunt.
Try to stay on topic this time, please. This is not a hearing about unmasking OR Hillary. Thanks.
Good grief.   STFU Cornyn.

Kind of hilarious. Trump got rid of him to limit his investigations, and now Comey has the biggest stage he ever has had.
We will be watching. How much of a Trump lackey do you intend to be today?
Build the internet we deserve.
kick his butt please
Great work, obstructing justice, John.
Why? Does everyone love the taste of nothing burgers?
