Hey John!  Did Putin put you guys up to this?  You know make the whole hacking thing that much easier...those Russians!  Such pranksters!
If you guys want to do something for internet privacy, I certainly look forward to seeing it.
You're right. There is NO privacy. It is best people accept this, and be good. MORE important to regulate WHAT can be done info
very jesuitical John.but we're not fooled.@txlege @texastribune @dallasmorningnews @HoustonChron @statesman
The fact that selling my information is not "planned" or "how advertising works" is obviously irrelevant.
ISPs and content providers are completely different and should be governed by different rules.
The writer is just disingenuous on this point.
You SOB, $140,000 went into your pocket! Stop treating us like we are stupid and get home and listen to what we have to say!
Read the whole article, Cornyn-flunky, instead of simply re-tweeting the headline. PS. Hope we can buy your browsing history first.
The door is open now. Will you protect our rights if they decide to? This is another ex of mine the GOP working for the GOP & Big $$$
Cornyn is the absolute worst. Bible thumping hypocrite selling out constituents.
Here's an idea, put forward a bill that helps non billionaires in tangible ways. Then you won't have to play defense so much.
Sounds like GOP version of healthcare: kill all & pass some lame fix later. cynical? yep. but I haven't seen much else come out of  GOP.
How does this benefit me?
Im glad as a republican you are more concerned about your donors rights than your constitutes privacy. But good for you.
@SpeakerRyan WhyDoRINOsDoEverything1/2A
W/Promise2FixRest-ThenDon't-No Integrity
JustLikeRyan-REPEAL&Replace
W/FreeMarket-
RyansWords2016
Sold internet privacy, keep common core , noWALL,keeping Ocare in form of AHCA,Carbon Tax ,Value Added Tax(VAT),&Obama Immigration Plan
No no we cannot have a Value Added Tax! We will never figure out how much tax we're paying! Too easy for the Elites to bang up Middle class
I am 1 of yr constituents.  In lieu of sending news somebody else wrote, why don't u come to TX & have town hall & explain vote!
@SenateMajLdr (OnConservative Values&Principles)
"Those Are Just the Things You Say To Get Elected"
RINOs-LikeTheWhigs
Need2BecomeHistory!
The world is in chaos & we have WH full of nitwits & a congress that go after nonsense. What is the purpose of sell out your constituents!
Are you high? #cowardcornyn
Yes u did and Texans aren't dumb and we vote
Just what was the reason for it, did you get a big check for it?
Of course, don't actually explain why you voted to strip away privacy, blame it on the previous administration #PartyofScapegoats #hypocrite
Yes u did and your constituents are following the money trail
YES they did! GREED OVER PEOPLE party again NOT representing the people.
Right.... I've got some oceanfront property in AZ to seek you. 
. Now work on coming up with something that assures our privacy in protected.
Why do you always post other people's opinions AFTER you have voted? Perhaps because you refuse to listen to your constituents?
We are holding you accountable.
I'm not worried about terrorists, Congress does far more damage to this country
i don't believe you
Yes they did
Nothing better prepared before removing what may not be perfect,but was better than nothing."Trust me we'll replace it with better"won't fly
Horse Hockey!
Yes you did!
So ,Yes Senator, you did sell our data, for a mere $579,000 in donor money.  And that's peanuts to you, what else of America is for sale?
Interestingly, no regulation refuting claims cited, they used words like "violate ISPs’ privacy promises", we are to trust Your big donors?
If it looks like a duck. Explain it then @johncornyn. You can't blame anyone else for this one.
This article sounds like it's saying we should just trust our ISPs to not misuse our data for their gain. Which seems unlikely!
You did and you did it for $148,800.00. Why didn't you blast out this vote on twitter like you do the rest? Something to hide?
yes u did. Aggregate data is a myth. It can all be traced. Own it.
False. While some ISPs say they don't plan 2 sell our data doesn't mean they won't in the future. What leg will u pass to protect our info?
This is really a confused article; the main point seems to be 'poor ISPs, why can't we treat them like Facebook'. Also, 'trust your ISP.'
#Townhall so you can explain how your getting paid to vote away our privacy helps us. 
#LastTermCornyn
You can't successfully sell your bad bill--one that you and @tedcruz sponsored after being paid over $100k each by telecom.
The fact is, American consumers had a chance for greater privacy protections from the FCC. You guys rolled back our privacy protections...
to the FTC protections, which only help consumers AFTER they've been harmed. ISPs are VERY different from 'edge' cos like Facebook/Google...
Consumers can easily choose not to share certain info with Google/Facebook (health info, political activity, for example)...
But your ISP is unique because it has access to ALL the information you seek out/share, unless you use secure channels like HTTPS or a VPN.
I could extrapolate your identity if I knew enough about your interests (eg., looks at a lot of right-wing media sources about Neil...
Great article and absolutely correct, as it points out we had no privacy before the change and unless legislated we won't after... so when?
Want the easy button for privacy legislation use the EU model.
You're right - they didn't. They reversed a decision that would have protected them though.
Who exactly is helped by allowing ISPs to sell my information? How does that protect my freedoms as a citizen?
You're aware that some aspects of the Russian cyber terrorism could only exist because they were able to buy user data and target misinfo?
Companies selling user data allowed the Kremlin to effectively break our electoral system.
The FCC changed broadband to a public utility so that like phone service, every1 will have access. This is ISP smoke against spending $$
Boy you just don't get it.
You are an evil man. You are not out to protect us.  You're to bust sucking Trump off.  Now please sell this comment to someone who cares.
Did you read the article?
There seems to be no depth that the GOP won't sink to...for few dollars
Um… Yes they did, and you need to get your head out of your A●●
that argument makes sense if you build the comprehensive privacy guidelines into law. I'm skeptical, but would love to see that happen.
I would definitely donate for someone to post yours. Now convinced you do nothing for Texas, only donors. You have no business in office.
Yeah, they pretty much did. They allow our history to be sold off. Which means we can buy your history, Senator. And your wife's. Smart, bub
And his kids.
And you didn't do anything to protect it either. Very disappointed here.
Yes, you did.  I would love to buy all of yours
Uhhh, yeah you did.
Try reading the article @JohnCornyn. It quite literally states the opposite.
I don't believe Ajit Pai. This is another monetization scheme that the GOP calls corporate freedom.
Why did POTUS feel the need to repeal the law?
Correct. Republicans just sold access to all our online activity. All of it.
John Cornyn sold his vote and your internet privacy for $148,800
You really are out of your depth when reading more than a headline aren't you?
This is the best you got?? As usual with you, sold to the highest bidder. You are a shameless hack.
Read your ISP's End User Agreement-it says they will never share any info that is PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE TO YOU
If they do, you can sue them. So they won't.
ISPs will make $ selling our "big data" and we have no way to opt out. They can set private cookies to then force "targeted" ads to us.
'we won't share info that's personally identifying, just enough innocuous pieces such that it couldn't be anyone else.'
..except they did. Republicans sold out the American people for campaign money.
BS! I can't wait until someone buys yours and makes it public.
Shame on you. You did just strip away everyone's option for internet privacy. You are an embarrassment. #lastTerm #primaryCornyn #2020
Step 1. Sell your internet history to the highest bidder.  People won't forget this when you're up for re-election. This is embarrassing
Says someone who got $148,800 from telecom donations. Just admit you are selling us out to the highest bidder. #Broadbandprivacy
yeah I don't believe you. how much did you make off this deal smh and your my Rep. :( I will not vote for you next election
Says the guy with $148,000 from the telecom companies in his coffers. What a joke
NO @POTUS did, republicans need to TALK Trump ASAP YOU and @SenTedCruz need to speak UP @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible @VP @politico
