@realDonaldTrump will be impeached by end of year, lets see who the replacement picks.
No confirmation without independent investigation into #Trumprussia ties!
How about Merrick Garland?
This is a valid point, judges need to be above petty party politics and deserve a fair go.
Why don't you confirm #MerrickGarland first and then we can talk, eh?
you didn't do it to Garland "because you had the votes" - you did it because you do to believe in the constitution!
don't believe
Because being voted on and turned down is the same as refusing to even hold hearings on a nominee, right?
You could've ended it with Garland, sir.
Oh, NOW you want us to be nice? This really stinks Johnny Boy.
You don't get to sue for peace after escalating it. There's a difference between voting No and refusing to hold a vote at all.
Lack of GOP support started your phony 'war,' liar. In a 58-42 Senate vote, 6 Republicans voted against Bork.
@tedcruz We strongly urge you NOT to confirm Neil Gorsuch reject this nomination! Don't go against your constituents again.
according to this, statesmen don't obstruct. What does that say about R's who obstructed Garland?
two words: Merrick Garland
So what compromise, what good faith is the GOP willing to show the American people? So far it's nothing but slash and burn.
it started with Garland. But yes, I hope the Dems are more adult than you Republucans were.
Dems are adults who don't put up with childish antics. There are consequences for bad behavior. Tough love.
Let's remember Bork meddled in the Watergate investigation and and put party above nation. And war continued with Garland. Sad!
Great! You've decided to approve Merrick Garland!
don't make this a war. Justice shouldn't be the hawk and nightingale @HurdOnTheHill @RepBetoORourke @RepCuellar
Wow!You might want to read your responses once in a while. Your constituents aren't buying what you're selling. #remembermerrick
Nominate a moderate and Dems will work with you. It's not rocket science.
NO.  NO Gorsuch!!
of course, you smug bastard, now you think you've got it your own way. Sad!
But you were more than happy to continue it through Garland. It's like you were carved from an entire douchecanoe

Hey, Pot, you and the Kettle are black! A true statesman looks for bipartisan solutions.
Will Rep. be so virtuous when the roles are switched going forward? Given their track record, I think not.
NOW you want to end it??
#MerrickGarland  500,000 vets are served by Meals on Wheels and it was just cut of it is being cut of federal funding!
No thank you.
so really, it will be all sweetness & light if Dems give in just this once?  Garland, then truce. That's doable.
Until their are real answers to 45s Russian connections, all are suspect and should not be confirmed.
#MERRICKGARLAND
Lucy with the ball
There is no “war” John.  Don’t disrespect those who have actually fought in wars by calling this one. #CornynTheDivider
Trump has already filed for re-election, and you know we can't hold hearings during the election cycle.
The liberals are trying to rewrite history. "The Biden Rule" was inacted for SCOTUS candidates. Learn it. If you can that is.
How about Garland? You should have ended it with Garland!
very magnanimous of you considering you played block the nominee for almost a year
No hearings for judge until Healthcare is handled. 1/6 of economy and 24 million people take priority.
it began with Garland, not Bork. Own your own obstructionism.
We could have ended it with Merrick Garland but the GOP wouldn't even allow a vote.  What goes around comes around.
You lost all credibility by refusing to give nominee Garland a hearing.
Lets end it with Garland
You could have ended it with Garland. Why didn't you?
well, popular vote says we should wait another 3.5 years to see what people really want... Not electoral college
We don't want Gorsuch , just like we don't want Yr ACA or yr new tax cuts ! We like @GarlandSCOTUS
Johnny is a Conservative Christian, and proof that Conservative Christians make the WORST Politicians
we should have ended it with the real nominee Judge Garland. you were being treasonous and lazy and obstructionist the last 8
It started with YOU Senator. Put your big boy pants on, stop deflecting and deal with it.
You are no better than Mcconnell. I am just glad that you will be leaving office soon.
Vote on Garland first.
should have ended with Merrick Garland
Cute distraction from Trump/Russia ties, budget, healthcare, ect. With all due respect - SCOTUS not top 10 concern right now.
this is not offering an olive branch or ending things in a reconciliatory spirit. This the GOP manipulating the judicial system.
DId u call for the same thing when it came it to Garland??? B/c I missed that, or maybe u only call for it when it's your party.
Merrick Garland would be a better more honorable end, but your party and honorable are polar opposites.
@All100Senators @washingtonpost No, let's end the judicial war with MERRICK GARLAND!!!!! #DerelictionOfDuty!
Bork had a vote, and lost after senators rejected his extreme views, you prevented Merrick Garland from even having a hearing.
of course! Let's end it with your guy up for confirmation having blocked Garland.
Karma, ain't she a bitch? #hypocrisy #resist #noGorsuch
That's like saying WWII started with Pearl Harbor so let it end with Pearl Harbor - you reap what you sow.
let's end it with you resigning and the rest of you Hypocrites!
You reap what you sow. You don't get a pass for blocking a judicial  candidate for a year. It could have ended w/Garland.
gorsuch should be blocked at all costs #MerrickGarland
Try not to make fool of yourself
good point !
I agree in principle Rd need to explain how when tables are turned they will behave. W/O guarantee Rs improve Ds have no reason
bork bork!
two words ..merrick garland
it started with Judge GARLAND! You didn't give the man a hearing!!! You are no "legislator of the year"! 
That must be what your constituents told you at your town hall, right? Bc obviously you're acting on the will of the people
Nope  You all played block for a year Remember it was McConnell proudest moment Mcconnell was rewarded too
Can't read can you. Bork started and Biden authored the 'Biden Rule'. You should read instead of spew.
Really? After spending a year ignoring Garland? No, you don't get to say "time to stop" after the theft.

Trump can nominate a moderate.
nope all I will say is stolen seat.
