#ComradeCornyn is lying. I'm a constituent that works in #healthcare.you &  @GOP are choosing party loyalty over being American #shameonyou
I'd imagine one's team would certainly win the World Series if they had teammates serving as the umpiring crew. #CookingTheBooks #UseTheCBO
Of course, Republican anti-Obamacare, HHS Sec Price would agree with the Cruz amendment. Why do u guys want to cut Medicaid for USA poor??
Then PASS the bill, we are tired of the stonewalling!
Of course it does.
OF COURSE it will lower premiums, b/c insurers will offer junk plans that don't cover necessary services & DON'T COUNT AS REAL INSURANCE!
@tedcruz's amendment gives you the "freedom" to buy junk policies. Then if you get sick--OR PREGNANT--you are locked out for 6 months.
45% of pregnancies are unplanned. Imagine getting a cheap 'plan,' then getting pregnant, and oops, you can't get prenatal care for 6 months.
Or you can maybe get Medicaid. 54% of births in TX were paid for by Medicaid in 2014. This percentage WILL GO UP.
But you've block-granted Medicaid. Texas can't come up with money to make up the difference. So you've created a humanitarian crisis.
But our maternal death rate in TX already rivals THIRD WORLD COUNTRIES.
So if you vote for this bill, we'll know you don't care about mothers in Texas. You don't care about families. You are not 'pro-life.' 
We can't take care of the world's poor who don't take care of themselves and expect all to have great outcomes.
HHS is not the same as the CBO. I don't trust the Trump HHS. Why would you?@nytimes @GeorgeTakei @washingtonpost @womensmarch
Do you even know how to tell the truth???
Trumps own CBO, TheAmericanMedical Assoc & even Trump supporters sayGOP HC bill is a death spiral.  It's almost as if the GOP is suicidal
Flawed methodology - scored as ACA+Cruz - not GOP+Cruz.  Cruz premiums less but $12K deductible?  Really?  That is not healthcare.  #SAVEACA
But increases total out of pocket costs. How do you reconcile to your constituents the massive increase in deductibles?
Here's some truth about HHS
Experts (economists etc) destroyed this fake analysis. (I know GOP only believe n opinions not expertise but I favor the educated).
When will start working for the people of Texas, not corporations?
This document is bizarre and opaque. Because it doesn't share its assumptions, it's impossible to verify or evaluate. Wait for CBO.
How about the CBO score which u r so ready to dismiss! What does IT say? Summation: TrumpCare sucks!
CBO, Cornyn. Make the time to do this correctly. It's not a luxury, it's doing your job properly.
You two backstabbers stick together. The ACA it's not a disaster. It's WHAT THE PEOPLE WANT!  Hold a town hall. Get in touch with reality.
Then add it to the bill and get it passed
Of course it did, look at who is leading the HHS. You folks think we, the people, are all stupid. You all make connecting the dots too easy.
Why would we trust anything from the agency ran by this guy ? Do you really think Texans are that dumb?? 
You mean The Felon?  Yeah, let's all trust the judgement of an ex-con.
I assume that as a man of faith you are comfortable letting people die. I'm sure thats what you hear from the pulpit on Sunday.
@JohnCornyn Republicans had 7 years to come up with something better, how can we trust you will do it in two?
More proof some Rs lied about repeal and replace. Thanks @SenatorCruz_   Keep trying!
Because it's crappy "insurance." This bill does nothing to improve healthcare - which you either don't know or don't care.
really, HHS analysis?! is it the fake analysis?
BS
Cruz amendment = junk health plans
Texas has the highest maternal death rates in the nation. Start working for those women, @JohnCornyn
Senator, Amazing that Sen. Cruz and you don't understand how insurance works. It is about the risk pool. No pre-existing it works, with No
HHS is either lying or incompetent.
The $64 mil question you are not asking. Who pays for needed services and drugs that are excluded from these stripped down policies?
Y'all are pitiful.
Any positive effort by Sen. @SenTedCruz , or others can only help. Self-employed are being DESTROYED by Ocare. @realDonaldTrump knows.
. Hahaha. Baloney. Bigly
And it's DOA.
To what end? Lousy coverage.
also leaves about 32 million more people left uninsured--or did you mean to leave that tid-bit out?
Ted Cruz Turns Obamacare Defunding Plan From Disaster to Utter Fiasco http://nymag.com/daily/intelligencer/2013/09/cruz-turns-obamacare-defunding-plan-to-fiasco.html?utm_source=tw&utm_medium=s3&utm_campaign=sharebutton-t … via @intelligencer
The CBO disagrees. The HHS "analysis" is based on faulty assumptions, and counts junk policies w/ high deductibles as "coverage."
Now you're just embarrassing yourself John...peddling junk insurance that even insurance co's say is unworkable.  CBO 32mil more uninsured.
Fake. Lower premiums for crap policies.  I'll sell u one for $20 a month and cover one boo boo per year w 10k deductible.  $20!
This sounds absolutely horrible! Sicker people will pay more. No more Pre existing protections !
Please just stop. Premiums & enrollment aren't the only factors to consider.
Haven't u heard, the bill is dead. You should read the news.
Keep saying it and it becomes believable....the market is not the solution
did u hold ur vote yet? #cornygoals
Cruz is running for reelection!!!
REPEAL REPEAL REPEAL!!
Do you buy car inusrance that do not cover accidents ?
it ought to have been scored by CBO. Administrations have a way of cooking the books going back to Reagan, Clinton.
Stop trying to make the Cruz Amendment happen! It's not going to happen! 

How about we trade more Mean Girls quotes at an ATX town hall?
He does not care about his reelection in 2020. He is already 65. He is only concerned about $. His legacy and history will tell the man.
REPEAL THE LAW!  GOVERNMENT SHOULD NOT BE INVOLVED IN HEALTH INSURANCE AND FORCE AMERICANS TO PURCHASE SOMETHING.  PERIOD.
Once again you are not telling your constituents the truth.
Btw, their analysis of rising enrollment from high risk people flies in the face of all other analysis, calling its validity into question
This sounds like a BS report by a Trump-directed agency to make something sound good while it's being SHREDDED from all sides.
Oh Jesus. For real?
CBO score 30 million lose coverage. Boost enrollment, lowers premiums for whom? FAKE NEWS.
Why do you keep trying to pull the wool over our eyes? We are not as gullible as you want us to be.
What kind of snake oil are you trying to sell us today?
To GOP pro repeal Senators: Taxpayers should repeal your salary/benefits/perks for 2 yrs. We will then let u know what u will get. Deal?
2675 days
2675 days to craft healthcare for 
2675 days & still fighting
2675 days later any employer on earth would've fired you
2675 days
Alternatively, you could resign.


IT'S NOT ABOUT LOWER PREMIUMS FOR CRAPPY COVERAGE!!!
I bet when u wake up in the morning,u avoid the mirror. For good reason.
Beating a double dead horse Senator. Time to move on #HealthcareBill
Please stop Cornyn! You are awful! Shame on you!
By creating insurance plans that aren't worth the lower premiums.  You're relying on a corrupt medical system to innovate lowcost/highvalue?
Bullshit!!!
30 plus million loose health care.   What a deal
You represent me and you are hurting my patients. Low premiums mean nothing if you can't get care and can't afford the deductibles.
Absolutely nothing Cruz comes up with is good . He doesn't give a damn about we the people
#NeverRepeal
Who is the Secretary of HHS?
that's fake news.
