Unhinged @JohnCornyn? Have you met @realDonaldTrump? #ripgop
most likely the lackey staffer tweeting this is the unhinged one
sticks and stones poser
naw it's got way more followers than me troll
These tweets just show how clueless U R. U failed TX kids. U bought into this crap, we don't. Forget unhinged. U must B bonkers.
<-23 follower sock puppet aka #FakeAccount.  @JohnCornyn
Ummm....Ok. Keep on cutting & pasting that mantra if it works 4 U. I'll do my thing & hold my senator accountable
it's incredibly sad how your aides have to run interference and make excuses for you. This tells us all we need to know.
I'm sorry - are u calling all of us constituents who r working to be heard "unhinged"? Disappointed. Thot u were OUR senator too
How far do you think you'll get insulting your constituents?
please work harder to demonstrate your Christian values in your words and deeds. Hint: tweets like these miss the mark.
This unhinged person with social networking skills just signed up 39 people for volunteer deputy registrar training. This week.
#PartyoverPatriotism
Comrade Bootlicker.
Senators as incompetent as you.
How it works is you represent all your state, not just your own voters. Offending constituents, why do that?
Now this is comedy!! I don't think it's possible for anyone to look more unhinged than your dear cheetolini in charge
referring to a large portion of your constituents as unhinged? It's like you forget people vote you in. See you at the polls 
not unhinged, tired of not being able to reach you or your staff, come to SA for a townhall, your job includes hearing us 78240
Please, consider that statesmanship, kindness and respect are still valuable commodities in this country.
I am a constituent and I vote.  I am NOT unhinged.
Unhinged? Active, engaged, and motivated by your rolling over and allowing Trump's vision to change you! BTW - NOT PAID!
Grass roots turned opinion against the ban. GOP lies about "paid" protests from constituents. You? Silent. THAT's unhinged.
Wow.  As your constituent, I feel really respected right now.  Thanks, man, way to lead.
the Independants and republicans  of 78746 look forward to your next Town Hall. You may find us more challenging to dismiss.
Unhinged you say? Maybe if you paid attention to your constituents you'd have a different perspective. #nativetexan
I am your constituent and am not unhinged. I am tired of your adherence to party over the good of the voters.
I as well you represent us Cornyn noyt your self intetsts
unhinged? That is rich! You're making a fool of yourself with these bizarre attacks.  Have some courage & meet constituents!
opposing abhorrent cab picks is what constituents are demanding. Better to look "unhinged" then lick 45's boots like you do.
Whoever is tweeting for you is rude, childish.Not appropriate for a senator, unless you want to be thought of as Trump Jr.
That's not 39 voters. That's 39 volunteer deputy registrars. This week.
.@JohnCornyn Senator, don't expect Democrats to accede after years of McConnell-led obstructionism. What's YOUR plan for compromise? 75238
I am from IL and unfortunately now find myself as 1 of your constituents.  Chicago can be a rough town, but I have never seen...
This type of condescension & dismissiveness are a bad look for any elected official.
.@JohnCornyn You've succeeded in making yourself look silly.
<-61 follower sock puppet aka #FakeAccount. @JohnCornyn
.@MyPresidentme @JohnCornyn Hi, i'm a real person who lives in Chicago and is studying to be a doctor. How are you?
.@mukh94 @MyPresidentme @JohnCornyn lol that's embarrassing 
everyday this administration makes our country less safe. We have a white supremacist pulling the strings & we are unhinged?smh
.@JohnCornyn @tedcruz so, y'all will be scheduling some town halls soon, right?
we're going to drop the hammer on you and your little friends since you think you don't have to represent your constituents.
Did you really just call your constituents who question the acts of of their government "unhinged"? Questioning gov't is our job
yes, this!
That's really rich coming from the party of #AlternativeFacts. Have you no shame? #AnswerThePhone
"look unhinged" shows again you and your are not listening and don't care, just make rash judgements based on how things LOOK
If by "pissed off that democracy is being murdered," then yeah, I'm "unhinged." I'm your constituent and I vote. #2020iscoming
And again I recommend you chat with your Twitter staffer, you're  not #BuildingBridges here, instead rather #disparaging
You represent Texas, and like it or not, Rs, Ds and everyone between #TownHallNow so you can find out #wilcoindivisibl
So you're aligning yourself with a fascist wannabe dictator, against your actual constituents. Got it. #DumpCornyn
We simply care deeply about our country, a trait you should share with us.
Senator, how dare you call hard working Texans like me "unhinged"
I am not unhinged. I am your constituent. You are not representing all Texans.  Stop calling names. Listen. Answer your phones.
History will not look kindly upon this remark. These are your constituents, and you are our leader. Shame on you, sir.
Speaking of unhinged is that why you run away and hide from your constituents? #GOPWeasels
How does it feel, Johnny, to be so afraid of your constituents that you can't even face them? COWARD!
Schedule a town hall meeting in Austin, you coward, and we'll see who ends up unhinged. You are afraid of your constiuents!
I'm your constituent. I have a JD, job, raising a family. How dare you call me unhinged.
as a constituent I can say we are very unhappy here  with you and these statements don't help. Expect a challenger.
"unhinged" must not mean the same thing to you as it does to others. Have you looked at @realDonaldTrump lately?
I would suggest the word desperate, which various folks seem to have been since Nov. 8
You are 100% correct. They also have a ton of fake accounts (sock puppets) that a few ppl control. They swarm GOP & news tweets.
U & @tedcruzsenate look unhinged. Afraid to do Town Halls or answer your phones. @JoaquinCastrotx will defeat Ted Cruz in 2018
You're projecting. #deathpanels #Benghazi #emailgate #whitewater #jadehelm #merrickgarland
<-ZERO follower sock puppet. @JohnCornyn
I'm deeply, deeply hurt. Deeply.
way to represent- I mean, insult - the people you work for.
<-5 follower sock puppet. @JohnCornyn
Your own staff listens and shows respect to those who disagree.  You owe us the same. Show respect for democracy .
<-1, yes ONE, follower sock puppet. @JohnCornyn
U r the one who thinks there's a #conspiracy behind all those phones calls when it's just your #constituents buddy #wehaveeyes
Let me put this in Trumpian so you can understand:  Your definition of "unhinged" is our definition of "You're fired!"
that would be an Alternative Fact.
and you have succeeded in showing how corrupt you and the GOP are. GOP started all this with obstructionist ways. We're all in.
<-13 follower sock puppet.  @JohnCornyn
Houston needs cleaner air and clean green renewable energy
Your president is unhinged, not your constituents for exercising their constitutional rights. Shame on you for denigrating them.
Peaceful protests, standing up 4 vulnerable, AHC=DEMOCRACY

Lying re Putin talks,unlawful  EO's, 45's bizarre tweets..=UNHINGED
@DBrandewie @SenTedCruz @dallasnews Trump stated on live CNN 1-19-17 paid Cornyn $ & he had to work for it.Cornyn sold his soul
I hope someone is saving these tweets for your re-election bid.
And yet somehow not quite as unhinged as that alt-right crowd y'all have thick about you at the moment.
<-ZERO, yes 0, follower sock puppet. @JohnCornyn
What is unhinged is you not listening to your constituents. Not even a partisan issue. Repubs pleaded w/you to vote no on Betsy!
Definition of unhinged:  "upset, unglued". I would add "tweets in all caps on a daily basis". Anyone you know? #DoYourJob
No. They have succeeded in showing America who the Republicans are and it's not a pretty picture.
unhinged? Really? Have you not seen the shitshow that is @POTUS? #corruptcornyn #ResistTrump
You keep thinking that. Your support of Trump shows you are putting Party before Country. This is your last term #TheResistance
Trump & supports (YOU) are the only ones unhinged.  Hope you're ready to retire soon, because you're about to be out of a job.
uh no. You are the one who is blindly supporting a Russian puppet. Start listening to your constituents!
we've been watching the GOP the last few years and y'all set such a good example of being unhinged.
<-0, yes ZERO, follower sock puppet aka #FakeAccount. @JohnCornyn
nope hun I'm just new to twitter. Never bothered before #45 we elected. Keep thinking we will go away if it helps
Hahaha! That's cute. You have us confused with the trump administration.
You've succeeded in making yourself look completely irresponsible to your constituents.
#TownHallinTexas
Ur dude starts fights with our closest allies. Talk about "unhinged".

Also, u need to learn how 2 thread & stop spreading lies.
Sir! I hope you have a backup career! You'll never get re-elected if you do not stand up to this administration!
Do you ever tweet about anything besides partisan crap? At least pretend you care more about than about that R next to ur name
tell trump to release his taxes. Investigate Russia's influence in our elections. Preserve medicare and social security.
Pot, meet Kettle
#blowhard
Well, you certainly know how to endear yourself to voters. We'll take the hinges right off your support. #byein2020
Bless your heart. The only thing coming unhinged here is the President (and your career next election). #remember
<-32 follower sock puppet aka #FakeAccount. @JohnCornyn
constituent here. Nobody looks more unhinged than the president. And you are aligning yourself with him every step of the way
.@JohnCornyn Keep telling yourself that. Your days in office are numbered. #texasresistance #2020
nothing says unhinged like a series of defensive tweets early on a Saturday morning. Soon you'll be using all caps #TownHallNow
<-5 follower sock puppet aka #FakeAccount. @JohnCornyn
Maybe because they care about how the MAJORITY of Americans r feeling right now. You are clueless.
Hey @JohnCornyn please have a staff member show you how to thread tweets. Or just walk up to any high school group touring the hill.
Pot calling kettle black.
<-1, yes ONE, follower sock puppet aka #FakeAccount. @JohnCornyn
whatever
.@JohnCornyn, no, they're representing the voters. You'd think that you might at least be thinking of reelection, but apparently not. #2020
if you want I'll come to your office to explain how government works?
you should stop tweeting and start listening to your constituents
From my perspective it looks like a total clown show on both sides of the aisles. Please govern together.
WRONG, sir. Unhinged is your attempt to diminish the real discontent. We are NOT paid. I'm a real person. We will #persist.
the unhinged fringe are the Veruca Salt of the left with the refusal to accept the results of the election
For real, though: let's talk about it. Pick up your phone. Have a town hall.
You could maybe ask the person who's writing tweets right now to start clearing your voice mail. That is a thing they could do.
The part your not willing to see is the oil for those hinges. ur tweets are becoming similar to the executive office, freighting
You don't get to call anyone "unhinged" when you vote for Betsy DeVos.
How very short sighted of you to call your concerned constituents "unhinged."
Why do you look at the speck of sawdust in your brother's eye and pay no attention to the plank in your own eye?
Are you tweeting this to ingratiate yourself with DJT at the expense of your own constituents? Seems unwise. Might rethink.
As a Texas resident and a liberal, I resent that. Trump didn't win the popular vote. His mandate and yours is to serve everyone
Statistically, Hillary Clinton did not win either.  Both had less than 50% last I checked figure.
Ha! ...look where being unhinged got the Republican Party.
<-14 follower sock puppet. @JohnCornyn
Goodbye to you.
Good morning. Please don't forget that you represent a lot of Democrats and we vote. Texas looked a lot bluer this year.
Compared to the current administration?
<-13 follower sock puppet. @JohnCornyn
It's our President that is unhinged, sir. As far as Dems go, you're merely reaping whirlwind of GOP's historic obstructionism.
are you calling the people you represent but disagree with you unhinged?  #remember
Yes, all parties and elected officials should be judged on their response and treatment of the mess currently in the White House
Unhinged? Uh... have you been listening to your President talk about voting fraud, lately? Now, that's... un-hinged.
John has been trying to push cases of voter fraud all morning on twitter.
Well, I'm sorry I missed that... :) I'm sure that was worth a few derisive chuckles. Thanks.
I'm sure none of these "illegal" votes went to him though, not a single one! Sound familiar?
<--These are the same account --> @twistopherrobin. One person acting like they are 2 ppl aka Sock Puppets @JohnCornyn
are you calling me unhinged because I care about people and not corporate profits. Duly noted. We will remember. 2020 is coming.
Who is "they"? I am a Fort Worth teacher, one of many you've ignored. Is this how you think of us?
so a constituent who disagrees with you is unhinged?
like your staffer tweeting all this hate before the sun even rises?
this thread is ridiculous by so called @JohnCornyn
