Your tweet is misleading and links to no specific article or evidence. Are you following the "just make stuff up" playbook too?
THEY WERE COLLUDING WITH A FOREIGN GOVERNMENT!
Suspt'd collusion w\a historically antagonistic foreign pwr the GOP candidate encouraged to continue interferring will do that
So what are you going to do to protect our country from the Russians overthrowing our government in collusion with DJT? Lead.
Please ask Mr. #Trump to teach you how to use twitter, this link has nothing to do with what you're trying to claim. Jesus!
- you need a new social media manager. You look like a partisan hack who can't be bothered to read beyond headlines
Why would you vote yes for this?This is unethical on all levels.I'm from Tx and ashamed your my senator.Texans love wildlife 
- yes I'd like an answer to that too! I called several times about this. Natural order should prevail in wild!
good twist Cronyn, but false.
Thought you said they are "fake news".
Nunes broke his responsibilities as head of INVESTIGATION.  You have the responsibility to keep this country safe, RIGHT??
ENOUGH we are awake now & paying attn. You mistake years of voter apathy for stupidity. Traitors will be elected out.
Have you read the interview that 45 gave to Time mag yesterday? The pres is delusional-and you are tweeting this kind of story?
Nunes not citing sources - but if true...do you think it's because they were talking to Russia?
were you aiding and comforting Russia along with your orange husband? #CornynFailedTexas
For good reason. You should be ashamed of yourself. There should be special proscutor. Show some backbone. #Trumprussia
Nunes should be removed from HPSCI  immediately.
.@JohnCornyn His answers at the press release were as clear as a cataract! yes, no, maybe, we will possible know on Friday,
Nunes is a chump. In an attempt to distract & deflect he has proven the need for independent investigation.
No, he said there was incidental collection, i.e. those under surveillance spoke to Trump and his cronies. Stop lying
Why is he talking to anyone, much less DT? We need an independent investigation NOW!
The real issue is when will the GOP put country over party and get serious about investigating Trump/Russia ties.
An independent commission would find Democrats used AltLeft Media as McCarthy's List to divert interest from Past POTUS crimes.
Trump's transition members were caught colluding  with Russians *incidentally.*
we won't forget your abandonment of Texans and your poor judgement. We WILL be remembering at election time.
Not BY the Obama administration. It was legal. Is this your idea of evidence against Obama? It's more damning for Trump. Sad!
It's telling to me that the story linked is no longer available. At least, the link doesn't work.
There wasn't a link, he tweeted this with the link to the Politico landing page.
that means they were acting as foreign agents and potentially committing crimes. Not good.
Please delete your account!
the corruption you are supporting will not look good come re-election time! #lastterm #affraidofTownHall #resist
You'll be swept out of office along with all those who had power to call for investigation of #Trump #russia ties & did nothing
To learn who rules over you, simply find out who you are not allowed to criticize.  — Voltaire.
I'm starting to realize that one doesn't have to be very smart, or even very good at politics, to be a US Senator. #2020
during term = requested/authorized by Pres Obama. No!!! Do u believe this? #cornynout
that is not what it was about and you selling that line makes you part of them. It was not political. It was criminal initiated.
it was indirect surveillance as stated in the article, which you know very well. You are willfully misrepresenting info. SAD!
maybe they shouldn't have been consorting w/questionable Russians.  You have no credibility.
isn't Nunes supposed to be leading the investigation? So why is it ok for him to brief WH?And he back tracked later in day
Gee, I wonder why. Because they were involved with nefarious activities perhaps?
wrong side of history sir
with reasonable suspicion..but Nunes violated committee objectivity and ethics
Why were they under surveillance? How is that not what you focus on? Stop being a coward and stand up for your country!
I'd watch your partisan bias on this one....these allegations are so serious, they should have you extremely concerned.
Mr. Cornyn, the whole double down thing is so 2016. Now is the time to abandon ship.
we need an independent investigation so congress can get on with other work.
right! Doesn't this alarm you? Investigate collusion with Russia. Do your job.
That's because of their collusion with Russia.  Duh!  Don't you care about having a foreign gov't meddling in our election?
By the FBI; not by Obama administration. Nice try creep.
GREAT. Let's see what they came up with. Release the information. Were there more like Flynn? Selling out America to foreigners!
you are intentionally misleading with your tweet. Although I doubt you are the one writing this junk
And the only problem is that they didn't make these facts public before these people were allowed into positions of power.
question...Why, and where is the warrants, or FISA, or other required documentation in order to do that.
Were they also under investigation for colluding with Rus? B/c then it's legal. Country before party. What do you want your legacy to be?
You've hitched your wagon to the wrong donkey, senator.
Did you read politico article or just the headline?
The current Trump GOP is drunk with power. Lies are good, truth is evil, jerking us around. Good Americans are saying ENOUGH!
hey Cornyn stand up for the American people and investigate this administration or r you just talk
Any Republican who primaries you has my vote! Investigate Trump and Russia!
Of course. Criminal Treasonous activity going on. Thanks to intelligence community protecting us TRUE Americans!
I thought you were a clown; now I'm pretty sure you're a traitor.  Picking party over country?  Awful.
Interesting that you either didn't link to a story, or that the story is gone.
Things I found it scrolling through though: White nationalist Steve King is good friends with Mike Pence.
I also found out that - surprise! - the GOP is willing to sell their constituents down the river.
But back on topic - 5 minutes on Google says you're not being honest. The Trump team wasn't under surveillance --
--by the Obama administration; shady Russians were. The transition team wouldn't have been on the radar except they--
--were in contact with the shady Russians.
for a reason. For the love of God @GOP get real. @realDonaldTrump and his admin=more crooked than ever #impeach
The head of this INVESTIGATIVE commission went running to BLOTUS with evidence and U R OK with it? Imagine a D doing that. BAD!!
I am more than happy to explain what incidental and masking is during a legal surveillance.
what to do about Nunes?
Possibly because they were committing treason...
WTH is wrong with u John. Y r u defending this narcacistic personality disordered poc. What did he promised u
RELEASE trumps taxes to independent investigation of Russia's influence on this administration
so it looks like you got some work to do. Do you have the courage and willingness to see how you have been complicit?
..pls that's not what was said... "incidentally" collection talking to foreign gov. Cornyn are U a patriot 1st or a Republican?
McCain is calling for Special Committee or Commission. It seems very obvious that they can't do this.
You are so partisan!  You need to be an American before a Republican!  Foreigners were under surveillance.  Tell the truth!
Trump's team was not under surveillance as you suggest, but they were talking to others that were. Who could they be talking to?
Nunes needs to be removed from this committee after his outrageous behavior today.
Are you BFF with Putin too John?
Good! Crooked bigots. I hope you get voted off the island with them, Johnny DeVos.
And he went and blabbed to Trump! Shameful!!!!
don't you get this@means the FBI has reason to investigate.   Why aren't you concerned about Russian interference--SAD & scary!
You do understand that Trump openly encouraged election hacking by the Russians? Traitorous. Democracy died on 11/06/16.
.@JohnCornyn Does it bother you that @DevinNunes didn't inform the ranking minority member of his committee, but instead ran to tell Trump?
.@JohnCornyn Does it bother you that @DevinNunes has leaked the existence of a classified FISA-authorized investigation?
.@JohnCornyn Does it bother you that you only have @DevinNunes's word for his claims (the rest of the committee has not evaluated them)?
.@JohnCornyn do you think disclosing potentially active counterintelligence operations for political purposes is a good idea?
You do understand what "incidentally monitored" means? Trump should beg forgiveness from President Obama.
It's obvious Trump team was caught because they were speaking to bad ppl under surveillance. Perhaps don't talk to bad ppl?
Comey: THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN IS UNDER FBI INVESTIGATION!!!!! Yes, I'm yelling, you partisan, hypocritical COWARD!
And he discussed with the world before other members of his committee. Nothing political about that
I am saddened that U do not recognize impropriety of Nunes' actions: appears party is more important to both of U than country.
consider this: Nunes went public this way b/c the #Facts of the spying IMPLICATES the Intel Community + Elites @JohnCornyn
We need to #RemoveNunes ASAP!
If we were legally monitoring bad guys and Trump Team gets caught participating, that's good. We need to flush them out. Agreed?
.@JohnCornyn Trump's campaign manager worked for Putin but keep acting like this is some grand conspiracy *against* Trump rather than by him
no don't lie.  Foreigners were under surveillance.  If someone talked to the foreigners, whose fault is t gat,
we need an independent 9/11 style commission now. That's the only solution.
I am really disappointed in you!
you mean to say, trump's team committed treasonous acts which warranted surveillance.
I SHOULD HOPE SO.
It's odd that u continue to provide cover for @realDonaldTrump. Are you afraid that you're going to be swooped up in this? #Jail
So what are YOU going to do about it? We expect you to stand up for our President
LIE! Lie! Be honest, they were swept up as part of other surveillance!! And thank God they were!
.@JohnCornyn So, you & Nunes are calling Comey & Sessions in Justices liars? Or just confirming an on-going investigation into #trumprussia
#CountryOverParty
still lots of unknowns about this "incidental surveillance" but they are GOP so probly guilty of something
Perhaps because they were in communication with a hostile foreign government or do you refuse to even recognize that as possible
Still doesn't make "Obama tapped Trump Tower" to be true, but all R's are grasping at straws to make sure their King is right.
Save yourselves now.
Trump Transition Team called the Russians. The Russians were and I'm sure still are under surveillance.
The decent, correct thing to do. It's to stop the Nominee for the Supreme Court.
Obviously I meant the hearings
Constituents: @JohnCornyn posts link to homepage, not link to actual article he tries to reference, without context as usual...
Cornyn states Nunes' unsubstantiated claims about Trump team surveillance are true, because shill, baby, shill.
which if true obviously leads to the more serious & troubling fact that there was sufficient evidence for monitoring
MANAFORT
MANAFORT.
manafort
Just curious, why aren't you linking your poll about #Trumpcare on your feed? https://www.cornyn.senate.gov/survey-1 
Are you sharing this to throw blame on Obama or to point out that there was legal reason for surveillance on Trump team?
I sure hope so. They were conspiring with Russia.
John, first they weren't the subject of it. Second, colluding with Russia to attack America is a serious crime #Trumprussia
isn't Nunes publicly announcing classified investigative information?  Lock him up
Chairman Nunes left ranking member Schiff out of loop . Nunes briefed Trump before involving Schiff
because of RUSSIA. DUH!
misleading. They weren't under surveillance BY Obama. Stop trying to twist the facts.  Trump was being watched by intel agencie
#BETO2020 #CASTRO2020
basically 'We picked up Trump's team while listening to bad guys under active investigation'.  Not good.
That would be because they were committing crimes during the Obama administration.  Don't put the fox in charge of the henhouse.
lol, Nunes was on the transition team ... haha, hmmm
Trump's Campaign members were Not under surveillance. PROOF: They're NOT in JAIL. They're Investigated NOW. Will Be JAILED SOON!
Good based on what is known so far they should have been under surveillance. Russia is our enemy. Trumpkinites cant flaunt law.
how much smoke do you need to see this Russian BBQ ?
as they should br
Probable cause.
VOTE NO Trumpcare
Are u &GOP so ignorant that u don't see what's in front of u. U all are going down w/Trump!
Your link is completely unrelated. Are you joking or purposely acting unprofessional? Learn how to make an argument.
2. in a presidential administration &the president/vp claims they had no knowledge. BS!
Trump is a gone! Every evidence points to him&his administration.  Never in my life time have known some many Russians
Trump is right on. He knows more than he says. Time will tell. Democrats will be running for another lie to cover up.
Tell the entire story.. legally.   Sounds like they had braids reason.   #russiagate #russiatrump #LastTermCornyn
TREASON TENDS TO WARRANT THAT
Even more reason for an independent investigator. No more party politics. The American people want the truth. Or don't you care?
I thought the GOP didn't respect unnamed sources?
Yeah, because the FBI had a criminal investigation open you twit.
I believe that is what President Trump   said a couple of weeks ago.
Shouldn't the Trump Admin be briefing Nunes and not the other way around.  Why isn't POTUS getting intel direct.
You REALLY must start reading your responses.  They are telling. #texansdonotlikeyouanymore
possible collusion with foreign governments often leads to warrants and legal investigation. does this surprise you?
@Morning_Joe So John do you have any proof that Obama was behind it or are you just tweeting garbage like you sock puppet master
Riddle me this: How does Nunes go from blasting IC sources on "leaks" to now having a presser on incidental collection?
Not by the adminstration though. You're still distracting from the reason of surveillance, #Trumprussia #DoYourJob #Impeach45 #resist
Did you actually read the article, senator? People like you are the reason why people are distrustful of politicians.
kiss up to trump more, cornyn.
Do you ever read beyond the headline? It was LEGAL and damning to Trump. Get your staff together! They make you look ignorant.
You're too smart to not know the danger in all this, meaning you're a shitty partisan hack. Country before party, "Big John".
so disappointed in you again!  Please stop these pointless partisan tweets and do your job!  How about a Town Hall? #doyourjob
Bless your heart, your staffers appear to be just as dumb as trump supporters. Pulled from the same swamp huh?
Mayb u shld read articles 1st b4 sharing This is gr8 info AGAINST Trump TX is sooooo ashamed of you
We need to know why, get to the bottom of this.
That is NOT what he said, you twit
Thanks to our president, if it comes from Don, nobody will believe it.Time to stop enabling this tremendous liar,John?
@AdamBaldwin this is the link http://www.politico.com/story/2017/03/devin-nunes-donald-trump-surveillance-obama-236366 …
perhaps because there were illegal shenanigans going on and they needed to be surveilled! And it was legal....
So the whole GOP sold us to Russia and your could care less
Poor ignorant Ellen et al
No care Flynn is  a foreign agent and what he did or the ties to Putin or what any of them did just leaks and getting Obama
Hey John, all we need to know is who's going to Jail? @AdamBaldwin
And your point with this is??? Attach the article. Your staffers are lame, your point is lame. Next town hall is?????
Good thing for us. @DFWIndivisible @indivisibletxjc @dallasnews @maddow
By FBI for connections to Russian cyber crimes w/in parameters of FBI investigations. Obama not involved. Read FBI Comey's lips.
@AdamBaldwin it's like we were surveilling your neighbor BUT we heard you quite a few times so we kept it & somehow it leaked
Nunes should never be doing investigation in Trump .It clear like You Nunes is covering up for Trump .
Read the article sir. This only makes your side look worse.
@AdamBaldwin @politico much bigger than Watergate.
@AdamBaldwin apparently Nunes has "concerns" abt internal communications... then leaves it at that? MSM conspiracy bait much?
.@JohnCornyn @politico I've been thinking...does Trump have something against you from Russia's hacks???
You to @tedcruz ...are you being blackmailed?
The Texas crony club is in deep. We ain't forgetting any of this.
With good reason! They are a bunch of scoundrels!
Nunes who is part owner of the Alpha Omega wine distributor with close Putin ties was on the transition team
yup
As a US Senator, you should do better than misleading people like this.
but he's not.
