Capitol Police deserve gratitude for heroism; stops shooter of GOP Congressmen in VA; thank God for sacrifice of law enforcement.
Something needs to be done about the media and hollywood radicalizing these people!! The GOP=NAZIs line every single day in the media=THIS!
If you didn't say same thing about Fox &Trump when Portland guy stabbed people, you are part of the problem, not the solution.
Portland was a Bernie supporter not a trump supporter and trump spoke out against it regardless, yet to hear Bernie do the same
It's not about who supporting who, it's about violence for any political reason whatsoever. Period.
Your calling him part of the problem and linked Portland to trump. Trump spoke out against the violence. So what's your point?
Trump was in reference to the hateful things he says about certain ethnicities that fuels people to do things like Portland stabbing.
"Media & hollywood" rhetoric fuel attacks. Fox & trump rhetoric also fuels attacks. Get it?
Blaming one side rheotric only and not the other is part of the problem. Blaming both equally could be a solution.
They wouldn't have to risk so much if the GOP supported some gun control regulation perhaps !!!!!!
How do you explain all the Liberals not wanting guns doing all the shooting @Rachel Maddox? Answer that
Not every shooter in the US is liberal There are crazy people in every category of person, political or racial.
True But Liberals are sure shooting with not wanting gun laws
I like you you are so beautiful
Jeez @kellyannepolls too bad you weren't playing 2nd base. You're responsible 4 this bc of the hate n violence u promote on behalf of DT.
Hate is coming from the Left. Don't see you taking Katy Perrys advice.."Hug it Out".try it when they point the gun at you
Hate is coming from all angles. Trump preached violence n hatred during his campaign rallies. His agenda offers the same.
Kellyanne, at time like this, how is there no comments coming from the Dems. Amazing that they have nothing to say about this.
This is war! Republicans need to start carrying and arm themselves against the enemy!   The enemy is Democrats!
Sounding like a terrorist
#GalacticallyStupid
Healthcare to all - trumps viciousness causes anger and encourages violence
Always the Blame Game. If you have the answers, what are they?? Pass them along
Liberal antifas are monsters that sold their souls to Satan,  they belong in the garbage
Troll.
In the same breath, he would demonize and dehumanize the lesbian officer who risked her life. His phony faith fools no one.
What happened to your first tweet on the shooting Kellyanne? Remember, the inappropriate one where you revealed your gross, nasty instincts?
So sad. Another proof, that it's way too easy to get guns in the US.But your boss isn't willing to change that. Instead he's building a wall
Scalise and bros shoulda been open carrying, amirite?
Even if they open carry, who does that running bases?
Heroes
The Trump regime really needs to rethink the divisive actions they've taken to alienate & divide the citizens. Trump foments this violence
Liberals have created the Great Divide
God Bless Them
Ironic that they were saved by heroic cap police only because scalise was there but scalise shot & in critical condition. So sad! Prayers !
Agreed. So thankful to all who so selflessly put others ahead of themselves.  Love them for their service.  May God bless them all.
Trump being investigated for possible obstruction of justice: Washington Post
I think you mean Lynch
I hate to say it, but this was probably targeted on Republicans.  This has to stop!
That's the truth. Why do u hate to say  it if its the truth. The shooter asked if dems or republicans just like isis will ask if Muslim or
You are right.  I just heard DeSantos relay his conversation w the guy they think was the shooter.
You're not really praying are you?
Not prayers to not have somerhing like his happen again because you've made it easier to get guns.
My thoughts are with those injured but their blood is on trumpys hands!
The one thing we are learning about this country is the intense racism & hatred toward our white President..... MAGA
The left has blood on their hands. It's time to fight back. MAGA
Don't worry, Saturday Night Live will do a skit supporting anti Trump shooter.....MAGA
Kellyanne = Bubble Head
@GovMikeHuckabee
The Romanovs!
When did you become the chief spokesman for the White House, you just can't keep off Twitter, no wonder you simply adore The Donald
Would you feel the same way if the shoe were on the other foot.  Doubt it!
seems you have taken the day off to tweet
Of course, they were there to protect congressman Scalia. The rest of us don't have that luxury. We need an automatic weapons ban.
@GovMikeHuckabee  A Bernie supporter/Trump Hater/favorite shows comedy including Mayer. No Motive my rear!!!
Build some bridges and include some perfectly said comments from the Dems. Gun violence victims aren't limited to #GOP. #OrlandoUnitedDay
This is how polarized the country has become. It's gonna be a reeeeal rough ride from now on.
They don't see anything but party. 365x7
Time to stop the vitriol!!
KAC, Side arms use must be as important 2 wear as a necktie. Target practice our daily mass. Congress must defend themselves help Cap.Police
SHOOTER PROBABLY SENT FROM DEMONRATS SO WATCH OUT AND THOROUGHLY GET INTO SCHUMER AND WATERS AND WARNER AND HILLARY AND Obama AND LEWIS!
Gratitude to the Capitol Police? Absolutely,but don't forget that our military confront these threats everyday.Congress must always remember
Another WHITE AMERICAN terrorist.  Hurry up with that Muslim ban, will you??
Pray YOUR FAKE GOD TAPES YOUR ignorant  mouth shut!
shame on all the coward haters. This is the direct result of the Hollywood elitist, lib congress. Cowards who incite others to do violence.
Prevent not react. 3 points: 1) congress isn't listening to the people 2) address mental illness 3) reform gun laws. These are non-partisan.
Time for gun control shut down the NRA
Thank god there was a security detail with them.
And what about the ability to by so many rounds of amo and semi automatic guns??? And now ur Russian loving boss allows mentally ill to buy?
@caselvis58 Amen, Mike Huckabee!
Prayers don't stop gunmen. Stricter gun laws do.
No they don't.
My point is that prayers do not solve or help anything.
Yet another reason to have stricter gun controls/laws.
This is a continuation of the KATHY GRIFFIN/REZA ASLAN type HATE 

that is the currency of @CNN

and the REST of the anti-Trump CULT/MEDIA!
Amen
Our prayers for them
Not perfectly said. God(whichever) did not intervene here unless you can show me otherwise.
Had these GOP members been packing- as they believe - they wouldn't have needed police! Let the mentally unstable have guns!
@GovMikeHuckabee you better go get the head of the snake. All those politicians in Soros's pockets. End it now!
Severed heads, assassination plays, blowing up the White House. Why is anyone surprised that next would come an actual assassination attmpt?
Without gun control my dear it will happen again. When will the Republicans get the message?
Except there's no god, so the cops get all of the credit.
Do your jobs are u next!
@GovMikeHuckabee 

Huckabee said "GOP Congressman" - as if party mattered. KAC commented, "perfectly said". Both are disgusting individuals.
This Blood is on the hands of dems. Make sure that is where it stays
This is not about dems or GOP. Get real people. This is about gun control & unstable people like that guy who was able to get them sad
But whose fault is it that there is no gun control? That this troubled man could get a gun? The GOP is to blame.
The calls for resistance, vitriol, false and made up stories,lies, coverage by news outlets have contributed to the hatred in the USA.
I assume you're talking about 45.
Are those "alternative facts" again?? #liar #alternativefacts
This is the fault of the Liberal media. The Dems and the media keep spreading lies and gets these wackos all worked up
Bless every first responder. Last week visited 9/11 memorial in NYC and it just showed what they do. Just as in this case they are amazing
Once again good guys with guns stop a bad guy..who was no doubt egged on by the hysterical vilification of anything GOP Especially #Trump45
Prayers to them, and a 20,000,000+ losing their insurance
Glad they didn't feel 'queasy' & acted HEROICALLY!
Thank you For your service n for being there n Protecting these MEN. Prayers for you n for ALL
In a liberal neighborhood
Where are the dems?  No heartfelt comments thanking the cap police? No comments condemning the action of the shooter?  Silence is deafening
You won't see their comments unless you change the channel from fox, dummy.
As usual, someone from the left can't say something without adding an insult.
Democrats wanted resistance and they are now getting what they wanted.
I hope they are happy now.
#stevescalise
Prayers. They make everything better.
So does a hot bath but...
Hint...neither fixes ANYTHING!!!
While were all sending good vibes, the msm/dems should take their own vibes and shove them up their fucking asses. This is what they incite!
https://twitter.com/RedStRising/status/874972539621126144 …
@GovMikeHuckabee Mike Huckabee, one of the brightest most articulate people representing us Americans.  His daughter is also a gem!
Good one.
always grateful for our police. prayers to @SteveScalise for a speedy recovery. we ALL need to pray for PEACE in this world! Love not Hate
Liberals have just crossed a line. These crazy anti-American political party needs to be dissolved.
Love to all in blue  #AlexandriaShooting
Democrats hate rhetoric has to stop, the Dem leaders have to speak out against this, their hate is feeding such insanity and evil.
Prayer is directed to God.
save your prayers and actually DO something to prevent things like this from happening again. like in NRA buildings and Trump hotels.
https://twitter.com/RedStRising/status/874972539621126144 …
Time to take the hate back to democrats. They hate this country than isis does. Dirty dogs
Indeed, prayers to all Americans & citizens of the world who will only suffer greater indignities under the "leadership" of your boss.
Go away @KellyannePolls
It's going to be very hot where you're going
So when Dylan roof went into that black church, whom did you blame?
America loves a hero OMG
Was he not ALSO the shooter of others? What about the officers who were also wounded?
@GovMikeHuckabee I blame the MSM for the hatred and bitterness towards republicans
this is a free homerun.
kellyanne, trump must hold press conference, call for end of division and hate and no more witchhunts from the media.

get on this now.
This is your man, the one that promotes hatred. Bask in the accomplishment.
#BlueLivesMatter - they TOWARD the danger - Thank You!!
Prayers...
Absolutely
Really good time to be stupid
And then the right can take blame for weapon used..:or we could just blame the shooter and hold him responsible for his own actions
