Built the wall Now!!
What is tactical infrastructure? ACME tunnel paint? Stop signs? War pigs?
This is John's (super cowardly & stealth) way of saying he hates #Trump's border wall idea; but make no mistake, he'll approve it.
I agree that border security is important, but we also need to make fixing healthcare a priority too.
Reason tells us that an open border is easier to regulate. Forcing decent people into hiding gives bad people a crowd to hide in.
If our republican representatives gave half the support to their, that the democrats gave to Obama, we would get border security.
So is moving the US to the middle of the Pacific Ocean. Dipshit.
What percentage are over stayed visas? How many came in legally on planes?
Those are very good questions.  Surprise, seems over stayed visa culprits are on the opposite border.maybe we need the wall there??? Lol
What about the wildlife that needs to roam - endangered species ?
Ummm... What happens to control of the Rio Grande?  Do we steal Mexico's control? Or do we give ours to Mexico?  NO MONEY FOR A WALL!
Don't forget the physical wall we voted for!
I'm your constituent and a proud Texan and I do not want a wall!! Our nation has far bigger things to worry about! Shame on you!
A wall is a lot cheaper than the endless entitlements we give illegals
Okay. Please tell us two " entitlements " illegal immigrants are given.
Emphasis on the WALL
We need the mortality rate for young mothers to drop to 0. We need affordable health care and infrastructure in TX cities addressed.
#NoWall No taxpayer $ should go to a wall.
In case you didn't realize it, these folks lie a LOT. If telling the truth was to their advantage, they would still lie. @CustomsBorder
How much is Putin paying you?
Back it up with facts
Not $1.6B of walls & boots Not when our vets & seniors need good affordable healthcare & kids need hot lunches @RepKenMarchant @tedcruz
Lots of us are more concerned with security issues involving Russian interference/access RE the White House and @potus lack of stability.
Let me out!
The border is already protected.  There is no invading foreign military trying to get in...give it a rest
FAKE NEWS
Maybe reading would help you make better decisions. 740,000 people overstayed visas... walls won't help.
How about securing @realDonaldTrump from giving classified info to foreign countries. HE is a security threat.
SO BUILD THE WALL
Invest in education. Start seizing assets of those hiring illegals and you can pay for a wall you won't need afterwards

#RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator
Of course that's what Border Patrol tells you, but what does data tell you?
it's called a levee fence, y'all are a joke.
Never worked for the Chinese.
where would you be if Mexico built a Wall on the Sabine river in 1820?
Didn't you just tweet that many undocumented people arrive legally? But you're still wasting time at the wall because...?
That is like asking and ice cream parlor if two scoops is better than one.
Says the man who posted an article yesterday about overstayed travel visas. Who put $ in your pocket today?
Sen. Cornyn, is it your goal to decimate the Texas economy? #AskingForAFriend
No Wall
technology? Walls are medieval defense solutions that can be bested by medieval technology. See also: tunnels, catapults, Maginot Line
The last thing we need is more wall.
Yawn, who's paying for it, John?
We need that wall and Border Agents who are allowed to do their jobs!
Oh, honey, you're confused. Walls don't help for visa overstays, remember? We discussed it this morning.
why is wall not being built on Texas/Mexico border??? What other policy could be more important or effective
Border patrol told you? The American people are telling you we don't want it! Why aren't you listening???
Let's just nuke 'em and be done with it.
Did he mention immigration policy reform? Because I think that might help a lot.
