Sweeping changes result is tax cuts for the wealthy including estimated 86% decrease in taxes for Trump. No tax cuts without his returns.
#NotOnePenny #TaxReform #TaxPlan GREED is DECTROYING AMERICA/OUR DREAM ! @IndivisibleTeam @MoveOn @StandUpAmerica @womensmarch @SenWarren
And it is only for the wealthy.  Don't spread his propoganda.
#TrumpTaxScam= screwed middle class.
I knew someone was going to get a helluva tax break...

and I knew it wasn't going to be us working guys.
So, giving even more money to the rich is reform? How about DEFORM? It's disgusting.
BullShit! John. An unmitigated disaster based on GOPers believing their own lies. A fifth-grader can tell you this is bullsit.
Does that help someone like me, who is self-employed and makes 50k? Does it, John?
Total jok but won't matter much as Banon is going take R's down. This is what happen when you stray from your lane.
TEXANS WILL KNOW THAT YOU SUPPORT WELFARE FOR BILLIONARES AND INCREASING THE WEALTH GAP IF YOU SUPPORT THIS BILL, OR MORE LIKELY SAY NOTHING.  YOU WILL OWN IT.
Because what is better for trump than saving billions of dollars in taxes?
Better talk to your buddy McCain, if he doesn't want it nothing will happen

That include about 1.5T in deficits for

Half a percent ish of GDP growth.

Poll: Republicans in Congress have 15 percent job approval 
How do you run deficit spending and offer tax cuts.
Reducing Federal Tax revenue and increasing the national debt by $4.4 to $5.9 Trillion. Deficits are only bad when a democrat is in office.
Will you back my President Trump a Texas resident ??
Town hall.  Would love to discuss! 
How about a town hall to explain what you like about it? In Texas. With a live audience of concerned constituents.
Are you really for this??
I thought that you were Once-Mighty Deficit Hawks !!!!
 This does not benefit your constituents, except the top 10%.
Great for rich people. Not so good for everyone else. Are you supporting it, have a town hall and tell us.
To steal more taxpayer monies? #EpicFail
btw, if you cut taxes on the wealthy, how will gov pay for all the private flights & vacays?
Unfortunately this is just more GOP boondoggle for rich folks, most Americans won't benefit! 
His plan sucks just like you!
Same old trickle down economics the Repubs. always do. Dems have to come clean up eco.mess. Clinton and Obama cleaned up Reagan and Bush!
Plentiful with breaks for the wealthy!
of course he stands to make $$ from it, too.
Well great,We The People are still waiting for the Senate to do something.
CORNYN.  I SCROLLED DOWN UNTIL I WAS BORED.  DID NOT FIND ONE PERSON SUPPORTING THIS BILL.  FOR ONCE IN YOUR GUTLESS LIFE, TAKE A STAND FOR TEXANS..FOR WHAT'S RIGHT.
Great to know that ppl who never work a day in their lives will get some relief on estate taxes while workers lose deductions!
just wondering how utterly fucked you think your career will be when your reelection comes up?

$269,000,000,000.

That's how much the GOP #TaxReform plan would give billionaires like @BetsyDeVos & @RealDonaldTrump by ending estate tax.
It is all ready their money, it just prevents the government t from stealing it
Are you going to make it happen or keep supporting Mitch?
How about a tax plan that cuts corporate welfare & stops offshore accounts? @LloydDoggettTX
Trickle Down Economics doesn't work!!! Old GOP ideas that don't work!!
How about eliminating the RMD
Why don't you @SenTedCruz & @RepKenMarchant read what the guy who started your tax cut mantra with Reagan says.
Disastrous.  Rich need to pay a fair share.  Tax plan doesn’t benefit middle class at all.
Let's hear details before we believe this is good for the middle and poorer classes. I have my doubts. Anytime #45 says "believe me" he lies
..."and it will make him and I even richer!" You left that part out just like your tax cuts leave out the middle class and poor.
Trump proposes the most sweeping tax cut for the wealthy in  US history. Let's get it right, Cornyn.
Yeah, but too bad we're not all in the 1% to benefit from it.
Oh & how about that Alternative-minimum Tax...yeah let's give all the millionaires their loopholes back so they don't have 2 pay their share
Yeah because all those Billionaires need to be relieved of that pesky Estate Tax...another GOP attempt to screw America's middle class...
It's 9 pages. 2nd graders write longer papers on what they over the summer. Give me a break, or better yet, do your job.
Sweeping cash into YOUR pockets!
Sweeping, but not in a good way - "Cohn ‘Can’t Guarantee Anything’ On Potential Middle Class Tax Hike".
Sweep in massive tax breaks for the rich for his benefit and so Congress can get campaign donation kickbacks for screwing poor/middle class.
Senator, what are you doing to help your fellow Americans in PR?
I'm middle class and a self-employed entrepreneur, and I'm definitely not holding my breath.
Are you backing this plan that has scant details for working class people, but substantial rewards for the rich? Where are the details?
Hey John, you’re still doing it wrong.
And it's not good for working Americans.
Heard this morning that Trump said it was the "miracle for the middle class." Guess what? It isn't. It only benefits the very wealthy.
Your donors have clearly gotten a significant return on their investment, while the middle class gets the crumbs that you tout as a win.
Big tax cuts for the rich and especially wealthy GOP donors!
Only ideas so far. Your guy doesn't understand bullet points aren't law. Sounds like you don't either. Let's see detail
So let's see Trump's taxes so we know who his overhaul benefits.
Let them eat cake.
Pruitt's recent spending includes a tripled 24/7 security detail, $25k soundproof phone booth, and now private jets http://www.cnn.com/2017/09/27/politics/scott-pruitt-plane/index.html …
DJT just dished himself up a $3B estate tax gift for the Trumpettes and an AMT elimination for his own pockets
Massive tax cuts for the rich. Oppposite of what he said.
The 1% including Koch bros are dancing for joy.
Show us his Tax Returns....
Let’s do this!
@realDonaldTrump Hands off our tax code unless you release your own tax returns! #TaxReform
Stupid comment. Let’s get this tax cut passed
Looks like a good deal for the rich.  The AMT and estate tax should stay in!

Everything I've read so far shows a tax increase for me.  Good job!
Tax cut for the rich & big businesses. Tell me what's different with the GOP plan?! An overhaul would actually mean you'd not be reelected.
Tax cuts for the 1% only help the 1%.
How do we know if he isn't padding his own pocket if we don't see tax returns?
Do you never stop sucking up to this man?
Why eliminate Estate Tax given that you can't pay for cuts?
If you intend to ram tax reform through in partisan fashion, you will fail. Again.

Greedy Old Party.

How does it help DJT? You? Me? No answers, no vote.
It's an insult. Middle class gets hammered again so the rich can get huge tax breaks. Resign in disgrace John.
You mean a huge TAX CUT for the RICH!!!
Who cares about Trump, the President dosen't make the laws, Congress does, what do you propose, what are your ideas.  We want to hear those.



Trickle down economics has never ever worked...
7% gdp those were the good old days.
Yes, massive tax cute to wealthy and corporations while middle class gets the shaft. Texas deserves better than Cornyn and Cruz.
Cut corp rates and mid class rates, lift top end to keep deficit neutral

This tax plan is going to blow up in Trump and Ryan's faces because it raises too many people's taxes. http://www.businessinsider.com/trump-gop-tax-plan-political-disaster-2017-9 …
Can't believe anything 45 will say because he is like a used car salesman and we need to see his "freaking" taxes
That was Obama.
Since we're taling about Trump and taxes.
The Plan is LARGE TAX CUTS for the wealthy that blow the deficit wide open with the minimal tax relief for the middle class.Not tax reform.
Bs. I bet you watch fake news
Which will save him millions!!!!  Nothing to see here though, right? Why not be hawkish on frivolous spending to help taxpayers too
To produce tax cuts for the wealthy including Trump.  Since he has nor released his tax returns we don’t know by how much.
Bs talking points.  Let’s get this tax cut done.  House doing their job.  Senate needs to do theirs.
Sen Cornyn, if you want this to succeed, you can't make GOP mistakes of the past; can't rely on intellectual explaining, you must blunt Dems
make Trumps show taxes; FIRE Tom Price. u won’t say anything about that. if this been POTUS 44. u wud b OUTRAGED
Want make any difference what he proposed if you RINO’s sit on your tail and do nothing.Haven’t done anything all year.Whats gonna change.

If Bozo couldn't pass health care reform, what makes you think he can get tax reform? It's much harder.
We getting some dem votes on this one.
McCain, Collins and Murkowski and the shadow group of GOP anti Trumpers won't vote for it. As Whip you better get those 10 red state Dems
Can u explain why this is a good idea?
Not necessarily
"Offshoring funds", "tax havens", "shell companies", "corporate welfare cheats"..say it, John , say it!
More proof Rs like to *create deficits* by giving tax breaks to the wealthy and making the middle class pay for it.
First Healthcare now taxes you must not care about Texans at all. Medicaid for all and tax the wealthy
Tax overhaul would involve innovation. This is Trickle Down 3.0. We've seen this movie before, remember? You know how it ends.
We've learned that $ doesn't trickle down & we've done nothing with the min wage! Another break for the rich! Yall suck! #lastterm
“But the president offered no measure of the plan’s cost and scant detail above how working people benefit “. Same old GOP BS.
Yes he did. @realDonaldTrump telling the majority of Americans that they will be saving $, but increase from 10 to 12%. Wait, that's more 
And it will make him richer. Could the republicans at some point be bipartisan?
Haha. That was one of the funniest things I've heard. Why bipartisan when they continue to think that they can do it on their own.
Now let's see which corrupt senators will vote against giving back to American citizens.
To screw all but the rich. Another CON by the GOP!
You probably watch fake news.
This will only benefit corporations and the uber wealthy. Congrats on Reaganomics 2.0 The bubble burst will be epic and crippling. Congrats!
#TrumpTaxScam
Trump's tax plan is an absolute disaster. Here's why: 
Makes sense.
#TrumpTaxScam
 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
& why #TrumpTaxScam doesn't look great for our most vulnerable families?
A few thoughts on this. I’m not seeing *anything* that benefits the lowest-income 35% of TPs, while the top 1% gets trillions of tax cuts. https://twitter.com/Goldfarb/status/913045734366248960 …
Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 
Too bad it will never get through Congress
Why should we pay more taxes than corporations?
Better ROI for American citizens than giving to our wasteful and bloated government.
