This is BS and you know it. This "aid" is a vehicle for divisive tax cuts and FAA authorization.
The only House members who voted for the first round of aid were Republicans
Their reasons were the same as yours for voting against Sandy aid, btw
You didn't express the same outrage at Republicans who voted against another Harvey relief bill, including 4 Texans
Nor did you express consternation at your 17 Senate colleagues who voted against it
You are politicizing hurricane relief and counting on our stupidity to punish Democrats. It's unbecoming. Stop it.
THIS IS LOW EVEN FOR YOU... CORNYN. DEPLORABLE! #PuertoRico
Riiiight! Deflection.
I'm sad that you represent me. And I can't wait to vote for your replacement. Again.
Did we have a new election? I thought y'all were the majority?
Need 2/3 under fast track rules, and Dems don't want to give Repubs health and immigration wins. Would pass clean.
Health?
Yeah, the bill would extend several programs, but not Community Health Centers or a children's healthcare program, which expire Saturday.
Why would anyone block that there must be something else democrats don't want?
Childrens’ Health Insurance Program (CHIP) funding is due to expire this Saturday, it has not been extended yet. It covered 8.9m in FY2016.
Why, @JohnCornyn, are you not renewing?  Because the GOP still hates healthcare for the poor, but is too feeble to repeal ACA as promised?
Lol, “says Cornyn”. Because Cornyn is such an upstanding purveyor of the truth?
Hmm. I am calling BS on this! Republicans have a majority....maybe it isn't passing because of all the extra Crap that was added!!
Make the bill clean and it will pass.
What planet are you on???
#healthcare for ALL AMERICANS is blocked by Republicans. #DoYourJob & quit w/partisan bs.  #gopcantgovern. @GOP controls all 3 branches of g
Cornyn says a lot of things that aren't the whole truth.  Need action on DACA now!
sir, I do believe you're lying.
Maybe a clean bill for relief would have been a better idea for the house Rs to propose. Not a section in a much larger bloated bill
that's rich you hypocritical liar.  you voted against Sandy relief.
Hurricane relief being blocked by TX Governor & Lt Governor...source TX Observe
Liar.
Any idiot that really cared about relief would do a stand alone authorization. You could care less about the ones who list everything
Duh! Who is the majority in Congress and sticklers about relief for poor and middle class? #PuertoRicoRelief #Democrats
Maybe because you're packaging it up with some FAA nonsense. Introduce it as its own bill and stop trying to spin your own shadiness.
Then don’t tie it in with other bullshit! If it really was that important to you... 
Senator, Make a clean bill just make it about Hurricane relief?  Put FAA in separate bill or take out part about privatization of Control
John .... you know we can read right?

Trump administration denies Puerto Rico's request to waive the Jones Act, which it did for Harvey and Irma. https://www.reuters.com/article/us-storm-maria-puertorico-shipping/u-s-denies-request-for-puerto-rico-shipping-waiver-idUSKCN1C12UI … 
Don't act like you guys don't use the same tactic.  It's wrong for anyone to do.
Republicans control Congress & WH, still they blame Dems for their incompetence and ineffectiveness. LAME! PATHETIC! WIMPS! SHAMEFUL! #FOOLS
@NancyPelosi is this true?
HA! GOP owns all 3 branches. Can't get it done, look in a mirror! Nancy must have a good reason! Trust her, not you!
Maybe @JohnCornyn says it, but no one else with any sense does.
Don't want to blame yourself so you have to blame the Democrats.  Hey...still love Trump?
Stop trying to hide republicans crappy agenda in aid for hurting people. That may help.
The truth...

1. Remove FAA legislation from a flood relief bill.

2. Make tax provisions cover everyone equally. 

= Bipartisan agreement.
What a lie!! Attached to a bill which is horrid!! How bout just disaster relief!! 99% would vote YES - don't be a asshat!
Bullshit
Probably because you folks can't afford it. You have wasted too much money in the past, acting like you have a blank check to our money
You rank just below syphilis John
The Rs hold the House, Senate and WH and you can't pass relief?  The Rs control the House with a substantial majority! Sounds like a R prob
Really?!? What trash did you attach to the bill?  Are these the same Ds from states affected by superstorm Sandy that you voted against?
Just like Democrats don't want to work on healthcare. You've lost all credibility here.
You truly are a poor and shameless liar. Congressional Dems have already called for an immediate appropriations bill to help Puerto Rico.

Healthcare Failure John. That's your legacy Mr failure you are supposed to be the whip. YOU FAILED
Maybe you should make it a clean bill 
Not really. Can Tom Price please pay us back for his use of private jets?
Is this sort of a joke? You blocked funding along with Ted.  Sick sense of humor John.

Really, Cornyn?  Democrats in the House are a minority and can't block anything.   So Republicans must not like your bill.
That's because the inept Republicans we elected wouldn't make it a stand alone bill.
you liar!
Remove the FAA crap!! The bill is about hurricane relief  not air transportation! Pull the pork!!

I get it...you are lying and spreading fake news due to GOP incompetence to plan. America deserves better.
What is Abbott going to do? Where is the money for stormy day? GOP is showing that they do not plan.
You had me ‘til “Says Cornyn”
bully for you.  You pass everything except what you promised
My senator is an ignorant fucking goon.
So? We know The Democrat's Hate American's!
John Cornyn says that John Cornyn said a thing. Why are you talking to yourself in the 3rd person you psycho.
All you people do is play the blame game!
You've both chambers and WH yet can't even manage to wipe the mud off your boots!
GET TO WORK NOW
House majority-GOP
Senate majority-GOP
WH-GOP
Do you see a pattern? Y'all would lose even if the other team didn't show up.
#Dotard
Lie
Shameful
What else does that bill have in it? #pork
Because Republicans are trying to attach something. Details like that matter, Senator.
Your party has a comfortable majority and there is no supermajority requirement in the House. Stop lying.
Uh john..
U know a lot of us texans r dems. & read. & see ur repeated attacks on dems when GOP has majority as pure BS. Oh yah. And we vote
You blocked funding to Sandy survivors! Tell us why DEMS are blocking it. Probably GOP trying to add the wall funding.
Yeah, how does that work again? Sounds like it could be useful.
Stop loading the relief bill with trash! A good clean bill could pass with no problems. Stop playing stupid games with the lives of people.
Is it because you're trying to throw some BS in to appease #Voldermorange ????
Fake moral outrage to cover your deceptive partisan politics noted. How's that plan to take away healthcare from millions coming? Hypocrite.
BS ...do you ever say anything that is true ?
I'm sure the Republican version of helping with hurricane relief looks  like the health care package everybody gets cheated except the 1%
You give new meaning to "if his lips are moving he must be lying". Maybe you'd like to clear all this up in a town hall?
Pass a clean bill jackass.
That is complete and total crap.
Say what you want @JohnCornyn ; ur credibility is shot. #votehimout
You got partisan hacks to spread your fake news, eh?  We're not fooled.
The whole truth & nothing but the truth....
Oopps, 8-year obstructionist can identify the truth. Hold townhalls 2 hear the truth.
Well if anyone knows something about blocking relief for hurricanes is the #Cornynhole
This seems unlikely. Let’s go into it to find out what’s been attached…
You are such a fraud. Talk about why.. the whole privatization of air fields? Stop with the propoganda and do some work. #VoteHimOut.

Why are you focused on hurricane TAX relief when hurricane victims are right now without drinking water, food, medicine, shelter, power???
Remove the FAA provision and it will pass.
Being tied to healthcare not blocked an invisible empty promise similar to Trumps donation ? 
Fake News! Sad.
Rule has been written headed to floor, Mondays many members do not even show up until the evening, so it passes.https://rules.house.gov/bill/115/hr-3823#rule-information …
Suspension of the rules requires two thirds vote, Rules committee will write a rule and pass it. Simple.
it's not true, Rules committee can meet today, write a rule, put it on the house floor to pass,
TRUE VA REFORM BEING BLOCK BY REPUBLICANS!
Send a clean bill and it will pass. Didn't you refuse to vote for sandy clean up and disaster relief

Because GOP idiots wanted to hook a toxic FAA rider onto it. What jerks to spoil a relief bill EVERYONE could agree on.
Liar. Air Traffic Controller privatization Blocks by House Dems is Corey.
Bullshit it's tied in a bow to GOP failed healthcare! Kill em without money or by taking healthcare Party if porn stars and murder shame
Last time I checked Republicans control the house by a large majority.
What scum hooked some nasty legislation onto that bill, Johnny boy? Don't want to bring that up, do you?
Why would anyone trust your word as a source at this point?
Bullshit. If you are going to LIE you really are going to have to learn how to do it better. This is just too easy to verify.
WHAT! Can't believe they're that mean! Very disappointed!
Liar!!
How?
Same way you and @SenTedCruz did with Sandy? Karma is a real mean bitch Johnny!
ladies and gentlemen, I present you The Stupid Tweet Of The Day
Ummmm, you do realize Dems are in the minority and can not block anything! 
Ummmm, are you out of your ever loving mind? House Dems aren't in power. YOU ARE. Stop with this nonsense.
That's a lie
With their HUGE majority? Who do you think you're fooling or are you this daft?
funny ... Dems don't have the majority. #FakeNews
Please explain how this has occurred in a House entirely controlled by your Republican colleagues.
House Dems can't block anything. You people have the majority. DO SOMETHING POSITIVE WITH IT!
I don't think people are that dumb, Senator. Why do you think they are?
Liar
Liar
#JohnCornyn has no credibility. He couldn't even buy some if you wanted to.
What are you doing to getying life saving help to #PuertoRico #PuertoRicoStrong ? They need IMMEDIATE help
When the dems had control they went around reps ... reps have control, go around the dems!
Try being frank and honest for just one month. Hell, you might like it.
this is a very misleading headline.  Fake news.
The insurance companies appreciate you efforts John, but really do you think they need MORE $? Why not tell that side of the story?
Remember this? Karma bitch.
Just read WHY they are voting no. Shame John, try being upfront once and see how it feels.
Bravo Senator. The best of luck herding the cats and swamp creatures.
When you have more comments than likes, what does that mean ?
Oh, I know! I know! Pick me!
pay back is hell.
The very reason we need term limits on Reps and Senators.
Hey tough guy, why don't you stop trying to hide FAA privatization behind hurricane victims
That's a landmine of hypocrisy you're walking into John.
You're a divisive dishonest man
What does the FAA reauthorization bill have to do with hurricanes?  How was Pelosi able to block this?
LIAR
One more lie to add to the shitpile. Isn't all the little addons that they oppose. Sneaky politics more deception
What part of the bill are you not telling us about?
LOL, pot meet kettle, republicans have blocked hurricane relief before too. Grow up John, quit pointing fingers when you are just as guilty.
I am a constituent of yours. I imagine a clean hurricane relief bill would pass easily.  What does hurricane relief have to do with the FAA?
why not give relief money without attaching it to some other thing you are trying to push through
Oh yeah could you guys stop blaming dems for everything.
@JohnCornyn again. What is attached to the bill?  It's a simple question. We know politicians love to sneak  into bills that r easy to pass
They are blocking it because they say it doesn't go far enough. Politics on both sides
GOP is majority. How can Dems block? Also, your buddy Abbott is GOP and want access rainy day fund for literally "rainy days".
Hypocrisy in action.
Both houses are on notice.  2018 wont fair well for many incumbents.  Get it done.
This article is nothing but quotes from you. 

No other supporting facts & you are untrustworthy.

You blocked NJ relief. Pot Meet Kettle.
Translation:  hurricane relief being blocked by house republicans who want to make it about their personal agenda. (Air Traffic Control)
No I wouldn't translate it that way according to this article.

Lol like I said I don't subscribe to fake news. Or state run TV, or republican propaganda. I like honest news.
Dude- do you even know the difference between the truth and a blatant lie?
Maybe you could address an issue one time without trying to tie it to something sleazy ...
Try putting forward a clean bill. If Dems block a clean bill, you have a complaint. Until then,be quiet, hack.
So it's the minority party's fault for your incompetence?
How?? That doesn't make any sense. The @GOP is in charge of all THREE branches of gov. You can't blame democrats. We blame YOU!
In fairness, everyone knows @realDonaldTrump isn't a real republican. He just hates Obama more than the @GOP.
True! He has no loyalty.
H
Y
P
O
C
R
I
T
E
how are they gonna block it when you're in the majority
I can't believe you are doing this.
Believe it. They have zero integrity.
The divisiveness was never just Trump and if it doesn't stop, we'll all drown together.
I thought you were voting against Hurricane relief?
Only in NY/NJ. In the "real America" Cornyn is all in.
He is an all in failure
And gaining in popularity just below the clap.
Remember superstorm Sandy? How did you vote for their relief package?
Like Sandy relief by Republicans??
John Cornyn is a proven anti-humanitarian. Did he ask for support for Puerto Rico?  No, he griped about Democrats.
What about your cool wealthcare bill, John? There are thousands of poor people getting medical care! You can't let this stand
God you're despicable
You have the majority, it's your party that's too incompetent to pass relief.
