still don't see why we can't have same coverage/benefits/costs Congress has. Should be a'LAW!. yup
You are the literal worst. Try going without health insurance and your millions in donor money and see how you like THAT.
Over and over again, it's like you find the exact worst thing to tweet and think, "Yeah. They'll like me now! Full speed ahead!"
Trump's America 2017. Where you put the worst of yourself out there and throw a hissy fit when people call you on it.
Spot on Coral! Could not have said it better. 
I remember the days fondly when Ted Cruz was the worst Texas senator. Cornyn has clearly been taking lessons from Trump. It's gross.
I cannot believe how shamelessly emboldened Cornyn is after he wouldn't even speak of Trump in the campaign.
He rose to power in Texas fighting corruption.He wasn't always like this.I used to believe he was principled.No more.
"Dark Money"by Jane Mayer has a story: he was humiliated in front of R donors for suggesting working w D's. Changed him.
What about all the people who have showed up at town halls across the country you've told stories about how it saved them/their kid?
Who've*
Funny. That's not what your colleagues have said. @tedlieu likes it. My fam has TriCare, more or less the same. It's fine. You shld stop now
Small biz owner on ACA insurance now , but have had coverage through employer, and Tri-Care. Tricare was hands down the best option.
It depends on where your stationed. Base med in NOLA sucked but I like our pcm here. He's good w referrals & we're close to Walter Reid 
Never had any issues at Drum, Hood, or Benning that rival the issues I've had since.
That's good. NOLA was bad. Hope they've worked out their issues.
Really wish the GOP would try to work out the kinks w the ACA. But T is Trying to make it fail. I hope it gets better for you.
I really like the single payer idea, but I don't think it's realistic w the GOP in office now.
That's funny because it's literally saving lives of children I personally know who are disabled!
What did they do before the ACA? Were people dying in the streets?
@JustMePammy @JRoger777 I'm wondering if anyone in DC remembers promises made to get elected or even cares what Americans want!
@tedcruz Do Republicans in DC remember promises made to get elected or even care what Americans want & need? REPEAL O-Care! DON'T REPLACE!
PS proud of your refusal to sign Obamacare-lite bill. Texans want clean REPEAL NOT REPEAL/REPLACE! Cronyn should also know this!
Is this a lie, "sir"?
Then, it sounds like she doesn't know what she's talking about.  Seems to be to often the case when people just sound off.
I seriously doubt that.  Current house bill excludes Congress from being covered by AHCA. I bet the ACA had a similar clause.
Then why is there a loophole in Trumpcare that allows Congress to keep the provisions of the ACA for themselves? 
#SwampOfLiars
Then why don't you fix it so it's affordable instead of pushing the heap of elephant dung the @GOP calls a 'healthcare bill'
I believe the point is that Congress has health insurance and it is not in jeopardy of being lost due to the actions of others. #ACA #ACHA
That sounds ok.
Part of their benefit package.
Earned it.
If we want that package we can run for office too.
Pretty unrealistic plan considering not everyone can hold an office. 

Maybe better plan is fulfilling FDR's 2nd Bill of Rights.
Even if you accept that everyone could be on "Obamacare," I believe Sen. Cornyn's point is that he doesn't like it.
Then #FullRepeal
REPLACE BILL will never pass (I pray). A clean REPEAL would force Dems to pass small bills on issues Americans want!NO REPLACE
Remember, Johnny is tweeting this while at the Koch brothers' meeting. Just out there draining the swamp...
Please stop tweeting about how bad the ACA is. You sound desperate & ridiculous.
Sir, not overly concerned with your insurance.
Concerned about mine!!
Tricare works for me
Stick with it
AF vet retired x4 deployments
You do know you are at risk of losing your insurance through your employer or it can double or triple in cost with GOP bill?
You lie.
Why? How's plan fix the reasons you'd not wish it on anyone? Insurance companies will win out. Poor,sick,disabled,old-lose. Pity huh?
Wait!? Why!? What do they even mean? If they are on exchange, are they not aware that they can by commercial outside exchange?
If you promise you guys get same coverage as your constituents I have no problem with you voting yes. Otherwise #cornynvoteno
You enjoyed a deductible and out of pocket expense of 300 a year while millions were dying.  Brag some about it
How you can support a bill that takes so much from so many is astounding. Surely your basic decency outweighs your party affiliation.
Unbelievable. Literally. Quit drinking the Kool-Aid, John, and #DoYourJob #TurnTXBlue #Beto2018
people without ACA Or any health insurance plan are a little jealous You're covered and they are not.  Plus you pay a livable wage
Prophet Jeremiah: "praise the Lord for He will rescue the poor from the power of the rich"
Help the poor not the rich, please!
John will you and colleagues in Congress commit to enrolling in TrumpCare?
Texas hasn't even fully implemented the ACA; refused Medicaid expansion. GOP chose partisan obstruction over the health of citizens.
The law should be Congress gets Medicaid as coverage.
Can see why your such a chicken and won't have town hall. You can't defend your bill.
he probably counts this as a town hall, as "talking with constituents." It's rather pathetic.
No he won't but he'll lie to the veterans faces& say he has their back but by the way we're taking your healthcare away
see, that just enrages me when it comes to vets. Dad Ret. MSG, 2 wars & paying 4 sub-par care. Military should hav free HC
You Sir are a dweeb if you think US Citizens believe you have the same coverage we have
John, what you just said is an outright lie ! Congress exempted yourself. You voted that Obama Care would not affect you as a Senator.
This illustrates your utter disconnect. Playing victim? You poor thing. How about scheduling a townhall to address real victims, you coward.
Examples, please? I mean if it's so awful you probably have lots of instances of how awful it is...
Then don't use it.
Yes!
I know plenty that work in the Federal government. Their healthcare is excellent with ACA perks. What insurance are you on?
Unless you had a pre E condition or millions in medical bills
I wouldn't wish you on anybody, either
Then don't take it. Go on your own.
try a week in the shoes of someone with a chronic illness without being able to get treatment, you wouldn't last. U'd quit
And you living off my $5.76 a week #MedicareTax.  But gracious ancestors forbid we the people can have #MedicareForAll
24 million you are throwing off Medicaid as they are afflicted by diseases they can't get treatment will remember this comment
Ever been to India?
Do you agree @SteveScalise ?
See, this is stupid. BC you're on the same govt plan. Obamacare gives you an option when you're voted out. I hope you get that experience.
I bet Steve Scalise is pretty happy he has that "Obamacare" coverage.
Are you pretending like you don't enjoy the most high quality care anyone could access in this country? How dare you. 
#LetThemEatCake
FU Cornyn your a traitor.
So what is wrong with your coverage other than the fact you are required to have it?
Prove it!
Please vote NO on this "healthcare" bill
Then why is the GOP so hell bent on NOT repealing it?
Oh bullshit
Then why are so many Americans that are on it fighting to keep it.  I wouldn't wish you on anyone so gonna help you find new job!
So will congress and staff be switching to Trumpcare then?
Should mandate Congress have same options that we the ppl have!!!
no sir you are on Federal Blue Cross, if not be specific that is NOT an exchange
Huh. I had no problem when I was on a marketplace plan. And the regs make my already good employer plan even better. Preventative care ftw!
Too bad your insurance doesn't cover being a witless asshole.
Easy to complain if you have resources and other good options. We are much better off with Ocare than before, you presumptuous ....
Really? What is your Personal complaint about your plan for you and your family? Please give details?
You own it ... make it better. Texans have to endure your stupidity, racism and partisan bullshit and of course we wish that on nobody.
Then why does GOP bill exempt Congress from your bad bill?  Congress should get no better insurance than what you are willing to give us.
You should be paying for your own healthcare. Not that it would impact you like it does your constituents.
Why do the people who work for US, have better pay, better insurance, &work shorter hours.
Instd of rushing the bill to make the 4oJ holiday
Why don't u try putting in some fucking overtime and working TOGETHER to get we the people some fucking insurance!!
That's because you are lying and to cowardly to fix what needs fixing INSTEAD of filling your pockets with big pharm and corp ins $$$$$$$$
Yeah right. Your not paying for shit. We are.
Yup, you bet!
then you will be so excited to be on the GOP death insurance where millions will die because of you.
You manage to be enjoying the benefits. GOP still keeping the original version for themselves?
Then why didn't you try revise the problems years ago? No, just played games with "repeal" for cheap political points.
@JustMePammy @JRoger777 John: did you take any of the Russian campaign money? You are behaving like you're on "the take"
@JustMePammy @JRoger777 John, you know you didn't answer the question. You are following your lying leader's behavior.
Cornyn's secret gift to corporations in Senate HC bill helps shift payment of entire premium to employers.
See Forbes article:
U LIE ...U R bought and paid for ...Blood will be on ur hands People will Die ...children will DIE...
If you don't understand that there is no such thing as being "on Obamacare" you shouldn't be designing health care policy.
So what you are saying is, the only reason you are selling out your country to Russia is so you can afford better healthcare.
Yet, Rs are trying to make it worse.

You don't even know 'the people's' pain. What you get is MUCH better, yet you destroy us.
I don't trust you not to go back to that elitist plan after you're through punishing the poor and rewarding the rich with this plan. 2/2
You don't like it because you were used to bleeding us, making the American people pay for your special healthcare under the F.E.H.B.P 1/2
Some of us @JohnCornyn cannot even get ObamaCare!!
tell us more about your hardship
Remember Watergate? Forty indicted and some served time in prison.
Sir, you'd be believable if you accepted the same plan you're offering us.
The only health problem you have is probably the little blue pill. I need Obamacare too stay alive!
Aren't you guys staying on it?
Delusional and lying. More $$$ in your pocket ???
You are FOS. If ACA is so bad why did Congress keep it & exempt themselves from the deplorable AHCA that you are forcing on the public???
Will congress and staff be on TrumpCare, or will you be exempt?
Lets revisit the Federal Employee Benefits Program (1960). I think it's time to REPEAL IT.
The House also exempted your Obamacare from this law you're passing. You won't have lifetime or annual max. No pre-ex conditions either.
You can still opt for a Cadillac plan and pay the 42% excise tax UNLIKE typical Americans. AND WE Pay abt 72% of your premiums!
Will congress and staff be on Trumpcare????
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain
Please let us see how bad it is if you wouldn't wish it on anybody. What is your premium? What are your deductibles and copays?
Legitimately interested if you have any specifics to back up this comment or if it's just more politicized grandstanding. Tell us a story.
Or tell us how your wife, Sandy works for a DC lobbyist and your votes are based on her bonuses......
Haha. Dude you're a millionaire. Please...tell us again how us peasants should make better choices....
You need a new social media intern.
If you wish no one was on it, why don't you do what was promised and REPEAL it. Don't consider a replacement, just repeal, then look onward
Senator, their minions do NOT know what is really going on with #Obamacare. Total disaster
U r so full of sheet. Here in Houston it works great for the people I know. HOW ABOUT SINGLE PAYER LIKE THE REST OF THE ADVANCED WORLD.
you're on the platinum plans so just stop. they're incredible and you know it. we all should be so lucky.
Oh except that you are too and will stay on it because of your Congressional exemption, correct? Stop lying, you mfing tool
Would you prefer no healthcare and be poor? Thats the option you're going to give a lot of Americans #VoteNoBRCA #VoteNoAHCA
You should be forced to buy insurance under the system you are creating. You're an old man who is going to pay out the ass for coverage!
then fix it! What part of "GOP CURRENTLY CONTROLS ALL 3 BRANCHES OF GOVT" did u miss? are u missing your spine? Your character?
All the tweets in the world won't fool us, John.
And I wouldn't wish death on anybody but that's basically what you and the rest of the GOP are trying to pass with your awful HC bill
Yet you are making an exception for Senators to be able to not be on your absolutely atrocious bill. Why is that John? Man you're fill of it
BS, Prove you have bad coverage or shut up the lies. That is the biggest lie so far.
is that why you have exempted yourselves? And for the record, this coverage costs you about $40 a month, right?
Perspective matters. A townhall in Texas cities & towns will aid in re-setting your perspective.
Either you never had the ethics I thought you had or you have abandoned them.
Then why the provision that no one will admit to adding to keep it for Congress in the House bill?  History will not look kindly on you.
Don't wish it on anybody, legislate the same Healthcare that you, your fellow congressman and their families enjoy for all Americans!
No you'd rather wish this? He's your constituent @senmarcorubio so maybe you can tell this woman what you're about to do to her son!
You're far worse than your buddies in ISIS.
You'll have healthcare while stripping it from millions who don't want to lose it. You lying, murdering terrorist.
Obamacare isn't an insurance plan so what plan are you on?
Would you prefer to go without insurance like you are forcing many Americans to with the AHCA?
Congress isn't on anything that will make them feel any pain.
GET RID OF IT, BEFORE IT GETS RID OF YOU @JohnCornyn @JustMePammy @JRoger777
But you have health insurance, right? And no lifetime limits? No denial for pre-existing conditions?
Three government pensions? Medicare?
You sold your soul a long, long time ago. Nothing you say has any credibility.
Maybe listen to messages from constituents.  Maybe visit with Medicaid constituents then. Maybe work to improve it.
Bless your heart. You have health insurance that covers pre-existing conditions with no lifetime max. How horrible.

Why do you think Texans are such idiots???
Johnny, your fellow congressman got shot,stayed in the icu and will probs pay <$1K for total care. If he hadn't, he would be bankrupt
Yeah it's truly sucked having lower deductibles/copays/prescriptions the last 3 yrs. 
I </3 ACA but yr bill is like when my mom ironed patches on the knees of my Toughskin jeans. Start over. Take time. Do better. You can.
Then address the real problem, the actual cost of healthcare. It is way too high & that is why the ACA hurts people and your bill sucks.
Liar. Keep on lying until it's true, right? The mere idea that you expect us to believe you get the same coverage options as us is absurd.
That's dramatic you big baby
It's bad when Ted Cruz has a better approval rating than you do in Texas...
but you want to keep it for yourself and not take the BCRA? Why if it's so bad?
At least you know it's the same trolls Mr Cornyn. Definitely not the people who voted for you that harasses every tweet.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare
Bill Cassidy says he's undecided on Trumpcare, but he made a promise to this cancer mom. Don't let him forget it.…
Lolllll

Awesome. Give everyone YOUR plan.
In your own special pool only available to members of Congress. Would you care to share how much you pay and what is covered in your plan?
For all you simpleton liberals. Obama care has failed and is failing. Passed by Nancy P and the like and they won't fix it.
So the #JohnCornyn @SenateMajLdr AHCA disaster fixes it? It's much worse than ACA. This will end #Cornyn #Cruz career.
So what you're saying is that you're so sickened by Obamacare that you've created a new program that's so bad you've opted out of it? #liar
With your $174,000 salary & generous pension paid by citizens, you have a lot of gall to talk about affordability for us regular folk
Like, if you have similar to state employees at #tamu you are AOK. It sure as heck is better than mine.
You have a choice of 57 plans. Your lies are exposed. Read the last paragraph especially.
GOP senators might not realize it, but not one state supports the replacement health bill http://nyti.ms/2twyVHL 
Only a truly spoiled a$$ rich boy living off the tax payer tit & rich donors would DARE utter that bull$hit.
I CALL BULLSHIT on you Cornyn....you all are on Cadillac plans.  You have no idea how bad Obama Care really is. Full repeal must be done.
Seriously, I can't imagine how you sleep at night.
Very well, in an extremely comfortable bed, knowing TX taxpayers pay for his healthcare. To put it lightly, Cornyn is such an ass
Is there a provision that you can't opt out and use a spouse's plan?  So all members are truly on the ACA?
This is the biggest bunch of BS but I'm sure in you're reality world you're living in you truly believe these lies you tell.
Not even Scalise?
You're in for a rude awakening if you believe that, punk ass.
@JustMePammy @JRoger777 but you'll wish Trumpcare on the elderly and poor SO SAD,we will pray 4 you @indtx36 @indivisibletxjc
Yet you are exempting Senate from your proposed healthcare bill. Why?
You should be drug tested immediately senator. You are obviously living in a fantasy world.
This is such bullshit. I had government health insurance for years. It was cheap and covered a lot. It was amazing. Everyone should have it.
Why don't you make the adjustments to fund it appropriately rather than obstructing? Oh yeah, y'all haven't figured out how to govern yet.
1: That sentence is a run on...  2: We weren't promised perfection, just something better than the crap you're trying to pass.
Actually, the current President did promise much better care at much lower costs, and that everyone would be 'beautifully covered.'
I'd say that he DID promise perfection.
ANOTHER BLATANT F'ING LIE! Dear god you are an awful person!
Cornyn, this statement makes no sense whatsoever. Lordy Lordy Lordy I wish there were brains.
60-year old w/ middle income in Medina TX would pay $15,170 more under BRCA. Premiums would be 45% of income.
Doesn't the fed govt subsidize 72% of it & when u retire have the option of getting FEHBP if u were covered continuously for 5 yrs?
Steve Scalise probably isn't complaining about it.
How sick. You are the worst.
Vote for what is best for the middle class, disabled, vets, elderly and those with pre-existing conditions not tax cuts for the rich
I dunno, seems to be working for Rep. Scalise. Or am I wrong? Looks like he is getting excellent care on that damned ol' Obamacare.
We are all on Obamacare by that definition since it protects everyone.  Besides which federal employees have great freaking health coverage.
our expectations of you, knowing your greed, has exposed you as someone wholly unqualified for office.
For once in your life vote for what is best for the people you represent and not the GOP
Too late. Trump owns #JohnCornyn.
Just when I think you can't take your jackassness to another level, you take your jackassness to another level. Kudos!
As a Tx resident I implore you to vote no on this horrible bill. People will die if this bill passes.
only the rich make incredibly my stupid comments like this...and your manner of speaking now is beneath even you.
I am having pitty party for you.Did you have to spend a dollar of your money You rake big 6 fugure dollars yiu will make it
@JustMePammy @JRoger777 as a 60 year old, my premiums will go up at least 209% & that is b4 Texas pushes me to high risk pool !!
Then address the fact that healthcare cartels have been raising prices by around 10% a year for decades (several Xs inflation).
so...how much campaign $ have you received from healthcare industry?
oh, here we go:
you be so owned.
