Trump confronted Putin about election interference in private meeting http://hill.cm/b5kvj5R  
Once again u lleve in a different place then I do!
Tillerson & Putin have been pals for years and Exxon wants to drill in Russia.  Doesn't take a genius to figure out this is about oil & gas
Yes, Tillerson is known as the Friend of Russia. Weakest SOS in the 21st century. Kushner is the real SOS. Everyone knows that.
Putin made a fool of trump and USA and you don't even know it!!
We know he's known Putin for many years, that's why it's no surprise he got that weird Super Awesome Best Friend of Russia award from him.
Bullshit
Trump let Russia get away with election hacking by not holding them accountable for doing it! Why do you support Trump over America ?
And then T45 rolled over like a neutered dog when Russia said they didn't meddle. You got a real effective Prez there, Corny.
Are you enjoying your last term?
@thehill We're not stupid, John. Tillerson is playing Trump's bidding and destroying Dept of State!
My God. You all really are willing to sell our country.
You must be planing a run for the White House? I would be more worried about keep your job, since you CAN'T KEEP YOUR PROMISES. #FullRepeal
It's always good to get rid of the middle man when getting a Russian mole into our State Department. Great to see you being a willing stooge
Really?  TRUMP: did you mess in our election?
PUTIN: Nyet.
TRUMP: ok.
OMG.. SOS was a good choice because he knows Putin...yes, they both want the vast amount of oil....is your head up your own ass???
Not a single reservation, John?  Not one?  Anything?  Russia does not have US interests in mind. Does Trump?
You are an embarrassment to Texas and USA. History will remember and will not be kind.
Trump trashed Obama, American media & intel agencies on foreign soil Thursday.  Where's your outrage?  When do you stand up and call him out
Putin is laughing all the way to the bank.
Shocking, that so many people with inexplicably close ties to the gov that many intelligence agencies say rigged the vote are in this admin.
So has Flynn. Was he an inspired choice for the National Security Council?
Why is this little 5 foot nothing man so scary to much bigger men? I just don't get it.  Is Putin THAT GOOD at bribery?
Putin is badass at a lot of things. But he is a first class statesman.  He is definitely not to be discounted. Look up some of his speeches.
That should be alarming not comforting...wake up!
Dealt with? No, he's worked with and is just as corrupt
Why is that a good thing? Russia is not our friend. They interfered in our democracy & are trying to shape US policy to their advantage.
Trump thoughts asking would help him, reality is Putin already said he didn't but that Maybe some Russian folks did what they could to help
He's an awful choice and u know it! What's with all of these ridiculous tweets all of a sudden? Town Hall instead!!!!!!
Yes, he has!  And It was always to line those pockets and to keep that beak wet!   Such an ignorant post.  You catching any of those side $s
Yes.  Aren't they a cozy bunch of crooks?
You are in the running for #worstsenator
Why do you think he was picked? http://bit.ly/2tVPGzB  will give you a hint. If you're as obtuse as you pretend - go home.
@maddow @FBI
I know! Most recently negotiating the Exxon/Rosneft $500B oil deal. BTW, I hope you purchased your shares cause the SOS will deliver it soon
He was a whimp and should have imposed more sanction.  He 'blamed' the concern on the 'people'. He is obviously afraid of Putin.
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @RepKevinBrady @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   UH-HUH
He's Putin's guy!
There is a crazy person in the White House.
The only way to get someone with more knowledge of Putin would have been to appoint an actual Russian.
Yea.. as his buddy.
Why have you sold out our country? Greed, peer pressure, pure evil? How have you been sleeping? Remember the Constitution?Your constituents?
And has nothing to do with the oil deal, right?  Just curious,  how much stock do you have in ExxonMobil?

Yes, he is only one in the entire administration on record to have stood up to Putin. Still leaves a lot of people not inspiring confidence.
Yeah - who better to continue the collusion...
@thehill Kremlin disagrees with Tillersons account....we will never know what was said.
Had to pick Tillerson for Secretary of State as Lavrov already had a job. GOP Russia apologists are the most shocking outcome of this for me
Comrade trump let putin off.  How about our nuclear power plants?
Truth be told he is making oil deals to benefit himself and ExxonMobil

@thehill what a bunch of crap. They talked about golf.
@thehill - 
Trump: Did  interfere?
Putin: No.
Trump: Sure? 
Putin: Yes.
Tillerson shrugs & mouths "you tried."
Trump smiles
We don't know what was actually said.
 They could have thanked him for all we know.
What is so hard to understand about Russia and all nations interfering in other nations but no collusion with candidates?
@thehill yep Exxon made/is making millions in Russia, think man @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC @indtx36 @indivisibleATX
He is besties with him. Does that not concern you?
You are so full of it, every time you tweet I have to put my boots on to wade through.
He is Putin's butt boy
Glad to see the Republican party has been adopted by United Russia... do we get nesting tea dolls next or long waits in bread lines?
Trump still doesn't accept American intelligence reports of Russian election meddling. Pull your head out of the ground.
Two authoritarians. One is smart.
Trump INSULTS ANOTHER AMERICAN PRESIDENT & HE INSULTS/DEMEANS OUR INTEL AGENCIES! He meets with Putin & agrees 2 CYBERSECURITY group! #Crazy
That's EXACTLY WHY HE WAS WRONG CHOICE FOR SOS! He's tied to Putin FINANCIALLY which makes him dangerous! Trump got NOTHING from meeting!
Yes he is still back dealing for the Exxon contract, perfect choice.
And only the two witnesses besides Putin... neither with credibility
Let's get real. Tillerson sees options for EXXON. I still don't think he's working on behalf of America.  OAN: how about a no on #AHCA?
Set up sanctions for the hacking!! next time it maybe you
I agree! He is very professional and knowledgeable. Although, Democrats will never be satisfied.
@thehill they each have 20 weeks of diplomatic experience, both kissing Russia's ass to get business deals & payoffs. TRAITOR!
"In a private meeting". But we can just take their word for it...
Exactly. When you start off your job as @POTUS lying about inauguration crowd size, nothing can be trusted.
That's seems like more of a detriment than an asset. Since when did the GOP decide to get cozy with Russia/Putin who meddled in our election
Tillerson is deeper into Putin's pocket than 45. Don't go down this road if you want to stay on the right side of history! #resist
The shiny medal he received from the murderous despot is awfully keen.
Lol
How do you know he is not lying to us?
Trump can't confront someone alone?
And that is an advantage how( does tillerson know russian?)  Stupidest tweet today...3.75 pts, nice!
Absolutely!
Proof that you are a #traitor #PutinPuppet and sold out to oil and gas. You don't represent people you represent companies that pay you
  Nice one, Senator.  Keep drinkin' the Kool-Aid.  We don't know what was said because there was no independent press present.

Can you produce one shred of evidence that Trump brought this up? No, thought not.
Sick. Just sick.  Inspired? Just the two of them in a room, without McMaster & Hill. Who cares what the truth is anymore, right Senator?
To make money for each other. WTF-this is obviously a different ballgame. He shows no signs of making a stand and the optics look terrible.
Bought and paid for...just like you.
And he's used to being the supplicant in the relationship with Putin. So we have got that going for us...
You should only be reinforcing sanctions for Russians right now. Traitor!
I sincerely doubt any "confrontation". He most likely supplied Putin with more state secrets.
He like you n Repugs are getting  Russian money. HE is not a diploma, mo money.
Tillerson also knows how to grab his ankles for Putin.
You'll be renaming the Alamo for Trump next
Yes he has John, cutting oil deals with Putin for big corporations...
Really? Russia is laughing at us, and you're cool with it. Brave new world, I guess
So this is good thing to you? How much are invested with Russia?
And the oil ties right cornyn?
Been in his back pocket for years! Are you even trying anymore??!??
Moscow and DC will set up joint working group on cybersecurity What could go wrong Who needs intel agents when we have Putin
As if that's a good thing. They share vested financial interests. It's cronyism & corruption. Neither serves interests of their people.
yea right
Friendship award drinking buddies
Of course he was. He made millions off the russians. $ is the reason this admin is not tough on russia. Its not profitable to be tough.
And would benefit significantly if sanctions are weakened or lifted

#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
What does Putin have on you John? You're a traitor to TX and the USA
He got 2.8m from  ExxonMobil n friends. What's not to love.
Joke. Not laughing. Putin helps you. #GOPutin
@thehill What did Rex do in this meeting to make him an inspired choice? Stenographer is not high on my list of SoS skills.
He'll be a tough negotiator for us. He's been friendly with Putin for years!
Another reason Tillerson as SOS was an inspired choice. He has known and dealt with Putin for many years. https://twitter.com/thehill/status/883391448858492934 …
Great that there's a "connection" with a dictator who assassinates journalists.
Putin and Trump "connected very quickly. There was a very clear positive chemistry between the two," Tillerson tells US press.
Tilerson = bought and paid for by Putin
This is called capitulation, Senator.  You're such a fool.

Putin said he didn't do it. You actually believe his word? The KGB might have a job opening for you, too, then.
You are rapidly coming up on my political radar as, at best, one of the least knowledgeable Cong Reps, and at worst most cynical. Unreal.
Yes, Putin is very inspiring as he chose him for trump
Yet there are several reports of how the #StateDept is being run into the ground? No staff? Empty ambassadorships? #FakeAdministration
Start focusing on #America and the will of the people, and not your party! #VoteOutTheIncumbent #Vote2020 #VoteOutCornyn
It's pretty hard to find Americans who have received a metal from Putin, but yep Trump found one for is SS.

Please come to DFW. I cannot possibly tweet this any louder.
