They provide way more than abortions.
Sure do, like campaign donations to Democrats and baby parts to the highest bidder.
I went there for help with ovarian cysts. I'm incredibly grateful for planned parenthood.
And what organization (name, city and state) treated those cysts?
Why are you demanding she tell you all of this? You don't believe an org that does women's healthcare helped this woman with her health?
Not planned parenthood
Glad you're so omniscient.
Glad I work hard to feed those that can but won't
I cannot believe you are so callous to post this with such glee. The Republican Party are domestic terrorists straight up.
We just don't want do nothing people stealing our hard earned money while they sit on their asses and beg for more govt
So to cut away the few that choose to abuse system you are willing to cut off the many?
I have to go to sleep so I can get up early to have % of my money stolen to pay for those able bodied to sleep in and watch cable tv
When will you become results focused instead of process focused, you were voted in to bring results.
TX has #1 maternal mortality rate in developed world.Taking away clinics that provide women healthcare will make it worse. #prolife amirite?
Fake Facts!
They forget there are other clinics that provide HC.. not just PPact
I always like these "other clinics" line. Name them. Then put your feet in a stirrup in one.
..... your.... local... community... health... center. Just like the others that outnumber PPact 20-1
I know you think you know something abt being a low income woman looking for affordable HC but you really dont
Assumptions don't work here missy
It appears logical thinking, research,  and empathy dont work for you either
would you accept this new health plan for your family? You should have what everyone else does.
The #AHCA is not a single-issue #healthcare bill. #Trumpcare #Ryancare remains a bad plan.
And also defund vital healthcare services for women.  Chauvinism runs rampant in DC, led by @POTUS & @VP, you are joining those ranks.
What makes you think you have the right to tell any woman what she can and cannot do with her body?
Are you going to pay for all of the unwanted children that are born as a result? You are going to adopt them? You are not pro-life...
Just pro-birth. Not pro-life.
I ask you to think of those who may face their mortality in wake of this bill. You may find blood is hard to wash away.
So will the new GOP Healthcare cover all the women dying in emergency rooms from backroom abortions?
No because in Texas pregnancy will be made a pre-existing condition.
Just make a donation to @PpGreaterTX, on John's behalf, each time he lies abt this & earmark it for abortions. #IStandWithPP
Great idea! Just made a donation in honor of Mr Cornyn. Makes me smile to think of his staff receiving the thank you envelope.
Thank you! I didn't know how else to motivate him to stop lying so much. Sadly, John is now on Sen. #Trumpcare com.
The more I know what you really think, the more I loathe the fact that you "represent" me. You don't care one bit how your lies hurt people.
Hyde amendment keeps fed funds out of abortion, u just don't want poor women to have #healthcare #wehaveeyes #disgusting #lies #resist
love a man talking about women's healthcare.
Are you planning to support the health care bill without knowing the impact it'll have on your constituents? #voteNO
Texas leads the nation in deaths of preg. Women since our lege forced closure of PP. you can't be pro-life if you're killing women.
Killing women?
TX has the highest maternal mortality rate in the country.
Really?  Then why hasn't Planned Parenthood helped those women?
I understand wanting to defund abortion, but Planned Parenthood is a vital health service provider to women for many many issues.  Please!
And also, the Hyde amendment is a thing. Federal money hasn't paid for abortions is decades.
If only you had to deal with breast cancer, unusual discharge, ovarian cysts, fibroids, Pap smears, HPV  or yeast infections. Shame on you.
So you know that Texas is #1 in maternal mortality... right? AND it has nothing to do with @PPGreaterTX... it's reps like you. #murderer
Abortions will increase when you remove access to contraception. Is this your goal?
If you pass the healthcare bill people will lose healthcare. Why would you vote for that?
And millions of women lose access to health care.  How do you sleep at night knowing that?
I sleep well
#resist #supportplannedparenthood
And why did you sell off our internet privacy to ISP's? How many $$s did it take? Can we start a Go-Fund Me so you listen to us?
@johncornyn took a $140,000 bribe to sell off our privacy - 2nd highest telecom bribe in Congress. Gotta admire holding out for the big $$$
When I was a young woman barely scraping by in a job with not health insurance, I got excellent, kind care from PP and vital health screens.
I got dead babies and cancer. You got lucky. #DefundPP
That's a big "if" John. Too bad your constituents want healthcare improved upon, not downgraded. TownHall to discuss?
Too bad healthcare is not a right, you will not find it anywhere in our constitution, get a job, pay for your own insurance  be accountable
What makes you think you have the right to deny me preventative care through Planned Parenthood?
Do you think this will reduce the rate of abortions? It won't. If you hate abortion, maybe focus on policies that actually reduce it?
I won't wear a red cape. #mindyourownbusiness #dontwantanabortiondonthaveone #PlannedParenthood saves women! And that's the problem!
Shame on you.
When u or any man become able to become pregnant DONT YOU DARE TALK ABOUT WOMEN'S BODIES.U HAVE NO RIGHT OVER OUR BODIES
You can't tell the truth!
No and no.  Planned Parenthood is the sole healthcare provider for many.  If you truly cared you would see that.  Your move is all politics
And that will solve what exactly.  You do realize PP does a lot more than abortions, right?
Defunding PP only hurts women.
LOL! The people don't want you to destroy our healthcare and we want Planned Parenthood fully funded to provide care for women.
? many woman are you supporting to have/raise/educate children they can't afford or are traumatized by rape. Put $ where mouth is hypocrite
Abortion is necessary and legal. My body, my choice.
Wrong! All we will get are more Hispanics being born. Then the power structure will shift to them.
How will you help women get preventative healthcare and screenings? Please elaborate...
Keep religious beliefs out of government!  Separation of church and state.
More reason to pay attention to midterms.
Again, PP uses NO federal funds for abortion. You'll be defunding cancer screening & endangering constituents lives, not defunding abortion.
Huge blow to women receiving adequate healthcare. PP saves millions of lives & prevents unwanted pregnancies, saving $millions
No Fed $ goes to it now
And my private $$ will keep it funded as it is legal and it is right to make it safe!
Lies, lies and more lies. No fed funds go to abortions. PP provides lifesaving HC for MANY women
Cornyn, I'm ashamed you're from Texas. You are an anti-American cuckold.
Nothing has changed. They'll do it tomorrow. Or whenever. They need House, Senate, POTUS....oh, wait....they have them!
PP does so much more. GOP is not pro-life since ur counterparts think only affordable healthcare is 4 ppl who lead a "good" & "right" life.
I'm more concerned with what you're doing to make sure those babies have good health care and education once they're born.
Leave @PPact alone! We need them especially here in Texas.
We want you to spend your energy FIXING the ACA!!! Do that and you will be heroes.
No. 1 on my list of why this constituent won't be voting for you in 2020 -- bc your policies mean more women & babies die. #FactsMatter
Because our goal as Rs is to punish people for being poor, despite protestations of christianity, & all  the bible says about  them..
PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS
You will capitulate again. Folded tent on 2017 budget. Will pack tent on 2018 budget.
You will be defunding the #1 provider of healthcare for women. Make sure you pass a plan you and your family are willing to accept.
Why don't you, an elected official, represent your constituents? Seems mighty disingenuous...
Don't you dare!
I hate how you pander to your base. You should kno the facts. #hydeamendment
& kill a lot of people in process who will no longer have healthcare insurance. Recovering frm open heart surgery thx to AJCA
LOL. Didn't you just allocate funds  to PP?
You represent a state with a million or more uninsured who are poor and/or rural who have no other access to health care other than PP
This is why planned parenthood is vital.  Abortion is legal in thus country in case you didn't know.  You are a clod of the worst kind.
Ironic that you're pro-life while their in the womb then refuse to nurture & help them once they are born.
Cuz back alley abortions are so much better! Not! Teen pregnancy will go up more. You don't really think things through, do you?
lol!  You couldn't do it with a MAJORITY!  Can't wait to vote against you in 2020. Will campaign hard for your opponent 
Shouldn't Pro-life also include Pro-healthcare & pre-existing conditions?! GOP needs 2  mico managing uterus & focus on entire body.
We are a country of laws, abortion is legal .. why defund a business that breaks no laws?
I cannot wait to vote @JohnCornyn out
do you the factual numbers to back that statement up?
Wake up an listen to your constituents.  Single payer healthcare is the only civilized solution.  It is a sin to deny health care.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. "We do this so we can do that." Just do it. The GOP has lost so much credibility. Progressives, get out of the GOP!
Remember, you're not funding the abortions. You are only funding the top healthcare provider for women. If you defund, you hate women.
Since you do not reply to me on FB,Email, phone how abt here ? Expand Medicaid or stop talking about being pro fetus .
Planned Parenthood has a higher approval rating than Congress, arguably does more to help women. You should be ashamed.
You'll be defunding a leading provider of women's healthcare in this country. Not something to brag about, sir.
Get er done!
Do you actually want to prevent abortions? Having access to birth control through the ACA (and having @PPact) keeps the abortion rate low.
We will see. Heard that one before. Act like a winner!
Sick of old men telling women what to do with OUR bodies #handsoffmyuterus #votehimout2020 y do u want to harm women?!?
And if 24 million Americans happen to lose their healthcare, no biggie, right? Your stance is neither Christian, American, OR pro-life.
You are truly disgusting you know not what u say please stop spreading lies and stop hurting women bc that is what u r doing #votehimout2020
And you would be making a grevious error that would harm women. Shame on you!
Or you could be pro-life and make it accessible to take care of babies. No maternal care, no child health care? That's not prolife.
why aren't you trying to help Texas women? No one wants to get an abortion-
I'm ashamed to call you my senator.
Liar. its for one year. You support murdering babies. It also takes a special kind of stupid to fund org that runs campaign ads vs GOP
Do you have 1 oz of empathy for these women who the legal right to their health care decisions?
I don't understand why you support this. This is not something to be proud of.
Because that's worked out so well here in Texas.
Screw the woman's healthcare they provide for lower income woman the other 97% of the time!  The GOP, "I got mine, f*ck  you!" #shame #bully
No funds from the govt. going to @PPact fund abortions. None as in zero.

Texas already has the highest maternal mortality rate in the US. PP provides prenatal care. Why would you want to get rid of it?
You are ridiculous!!! Pass a health bill but take away healthcare? Shows how stupid GOP is! Vote these traitors out of office!
So this is what you want?  Do you know what else Planned Parenthood does?  Might check before you defund. Ask ur constituents!
You're a one trick pony. Abortion isn't the only issue. PP provides a lot more than just that. #hypocrisy #notProlife #resist #StandWithPP
I (we) pray you do. Dear God stop this genocide.
So then fund statewide birth control? Yes?
How many will have no insurance b/c of pre-existing conditions? Pregnancy WILL be pre-existing. But you don't care.
I would like to see cornyn aborted asap.
You sound like one of those sickos from "The Handmaid's Tale"
That's all you care about? Not the actual well being of women, children or any other Texan? Despicable!
I still don't understand how you can ask for my vote when you can't make good on basic GOP tenets. Healthcare, debt, spending 
You won't be doing jack. Better be thankful you asshats got what you got.
Why do you hate women?
Why do you want people to lose healthcare?! There is something wrong with you. No empathy, just evil.
Also one of the top women's healthcare providers but clearly u don't care about that.  @SenateDems do not swallow these poison pills.
Funding for Planned Parenthood is in the bill
I dont know when you are more amusing, when you do what you say you will or when you pretend to do it.
voting u out of office!
So that's all they provide? Your stupid!
Please go crawl under your rock. You obviously don't know the first thing about Planned Parenthood.
federal money doesn't go to abortions. you'd be defunding cancer screenings and other life saving treatments
I HATE that you represent me!
So you funded PP to defund it in the future?
Either you are pro life or not. You ax  programs that keep kids,fed and healthy, kick people off med. ins, U R  NOT PRO LIFE ,HYPOCRITE.
GOP Voters: "We have the House, Senate, and WH, NOW we'll get some of our priorities!!!!"

GOP:
You focus on PP; yet pre-existing conditions 
provision is terrible. Who do you represent?
Disturbing thought process from a Maj Whip.
If you want fewer abortions why would you make it harder for women to get contraceptives?  You defeat your purposes with your ignorance.
Can't happen soon enough.
RESULTS. You get no results.
I'm your constituent and I want to express my support for Planned Parenthood. They provide essential services that Texan women NEED!
No federal funds pay for abortion. Don't be obtuse. Also PP mostly provides health care to women. I see women don't matter to you.
Who are you to say what women should do? Tax payers don't pay for it, so why should you care?
Women across this country depend on PP for services other than abortion. Women will remember and rail against anyone complicit in taking it
Won't hold my breath...
why dont you DO YOUR JOB on senate Intell comte and Town Halls instead of this WAR ON WOMEN. @TXlege  IS PP defund our nations #1 issue ?
pro-life ?? you are a vicious and cruel person if you support this. NO FED $$$ pay for abortions- this is just a PR stunt at women's expense
If you care about providing health care to millions who depend on this, here's an idea: DON'T DEFUND PLANNED PARENTHOOD! It saves lives.
No thank you, signed a woman
You keep making promise after promise, we vote you in, but nothing happens. Getting tired of false promises
@JohnCornyn that move will actually increase abortions and maternal mortality. If you truly are pro-life, you will fund PP and educate.
PP is vital for women/families who need healthcare. Quit trying to pull the wool over our eyes. Do the right thing. FUND PP!!
Why defund HC for women? Hyde Amnd already takes care of no fed $ to abortion. New HC bill will hurt anyone who already has health probs.
Vote No, on repeal and replace of the ACA. Men and women need PP services!!
The federal govt already doesn't fund abortion...now it's just defunding women's health care.  Oh, and breaking it for the rest of us, too.
So you will increase funding for medicaid, sex education and pregnancy prevention?  THAT'S BRILLIANT!
And throw millions off of insurance just so you can beat your chest and put all those pesky women where they belong.  Some public servant!
Good we need all those unwanted babies for those jobs you won't give a living wage and the health insurance they can't afford! Brilliant!
Is it because you need the $$ to pay cheeto's resorts for all of his golf weekends? I see where your priorities are...
Federal funds cannot be used on abortion, so your intent is to take vital services from your female constituents. Shame on you!
Wow. Just wow. We should also take away your healthcare and stop you from getting ED medication.
How is this legal?
John you've not done your research about Planned Parenthood.  Probably too much fake news
Wow, you are so emboldened to alienate women and Dems.
SIR. AMERICANS ARE WATCHING AND LISTENING. THIS ADMINISTRATION DOESN'T CARE ABOUT  AND MARGINALIZES WOMEN,  POOR, ELDERLY AND MIDDLE-CLASS.
With no maternity care on your insurance, no mamograms, no birth control,  no STD testing; no options for women! Your vile! #IStandWithPP
Stop hating women. Just stop.
Planned parenthood saves lives! Taking birth control away from 80k women in Tx alone will not reduce abortions! #IStandWithPP
#plannedparenthood provides vital health care services to low income women & men & uses no federal $ 4 abortion. #IStandWithPP
Planned Parenthood prevents many more abortions than it provides and gives women desperately needed healthcare.
Please do all you can to support our president's agenda!
As one of your constituents I can assure u that u will not get my vote. Get something done. Lobbyist & DEMS RUNNING GOVERNMENT
2020 can't come soon enough and screen shots of your tweets will come in oh so handy electing any D that runs against you 
Closing family planning clinics/PP kills women & children. Pregnancy-related deaths doubled - 2000-2014. Infant mortality up nearly 2%/yr.
I guess you want the whole country to have 3rd world levels of maternal mortality just like Texas. Awesome!
You are missing the point. Why do you want to keep Americans sick? So much could be done to improve the ACA, but not with Ryan's plan.
You know that they don't use the money from the US gov't for abortions. You're lying for political purposes.
Well let's hope so. I see it found it's way into the new budget.
Federal funds DO NOT PAY FOR ABORTIONS! You are taking away healthcare and birth control from MANY thousands of women!!
Sir, you are a  person who has NO IDEA about the issues important to ALL women.Im ashamed you are in Congress. Your constituents should b 2!
they are also the #1 provider of low-income women's care. Women and children will suffer and die without it. #IStandWithPP
Why would we do that?
I can't wait to vote you out in 2020. PP provides basic healthcare to millions of women.
You don't have the votes.  You'll need to think of another way to screw over your constituents.
who invited you into my family's personal decisions?
What kind of a human are you?  Keep Affordable Care. Fix it.
#ACA works in states that gave it a chance... and they have lower premiums. We have #GOPcare in TX, it's like healthcare, but less effective
You better not defund planned parenthood!  I am a constituent.
You will also then be de-funding a provider that prevents abortions. PP is the largest and most accessible provider of contraceptives.
Planned parenthood is more popular than @POTUS, will you defund him.
I stand with Planned Parenthood and a woman's right to choose.
