Nobody has healthcare if government doesn't give it to them? No, most work and pay their bills. Medicaid should only be for the truly needy.
What abt senior citizens who worked their entire lives & have exhausted their savings in nursing homes? Do they deserve to go without care?
They're on Medicare, I think. No one is just lying in the street.
Where is this happening? Not in this country! We have so many govt programs and you seem to think it's not enough.
Kids are not being left alone to suffer in Fort Worth.
Yes, John! That's what we've all been saying! Why didn't we take the Medicaid expansion here in Texas again?? Why are you trying to gut it?
Medicaid expansion is unsustainable. Those who are truly in need will be hurt if more people are put on that program.
FALSE
must be reformed, not gutted like you plan to do John. 22m and hundred of billions taken away from the industry for a tax cut for your buds
Lord help you if you have a pre-existing cond. or gets shot by one of our many honorable concealed carry permittee
2.4m TXNS will lose coverage in the next 10 years. 22mil will lose it nation wide. Work in HC, and you are going to gut alot of our services
this would cause hospitals in rural areas like mine to lose the only hospital in the whole county if not in 2-3 county radius. killing more
We need federal government out of our personal health matters. Local and state govt can better help those in need and keep hospitals open.
ya cause ins companies bilking us out of billions while giving ceos milions in bonuses is doing us great right now. without regulation we
end up where we are today, where i pay 200 for a procedure, while the man next to me pays 10k for the same thing with same pre-conditions
we need gov to step up and fix rates for pills, services etc, and none of what's proposed by the GOP does any of that. it gives bigger bonus
The writer of that article is Heritage/ Koch think tank. Tax credits won't help those in poverty w/ massive medical bills.
Being able-bodied is what prevented people from having insurance b4 Obamacare. Then something tragic happened and ppl had no coverage
No one should sit on their ass and wait for handouts. But I esp get furious when rich people offshore $35 trillion in unearned income.
The only people going broke are the middle class. It's not at the expense of the poor. Our officials both D and R been selling us all out.
Rich people cut from education, health care, environmental safety, consumer safety, financial protections from us, so they can take more.
How is their anyone left uninsured? The demorats created ACA so everyone would be covered, I know that was only another pipe dream of theirs
FALSE
False that the whole reason for passing the ACA is so everyone would be covered?the demorats whole goal is for nationalized healthcare
Reform doesn't mean arbitrarily slashing the budget. TrumpCare just slashes without regard. Vote NO.
The @GOP plan is not #Healthcare, it's #Wealthcare - a massive tax cut for the wealthiest Americans @ the expense of the sickest & poorest.
Here's a review of who gets Medicaid in Texas. It's kids, people w/disabilities, low-income elderly & pregnant women.
@JohnCornyn loves fetuses but insofar as children are concerned, he considers life stops at birth.
KB80 - How many will you pay coverage for every year?
How many unwanted fetuses have you adopted in the past year?
Never had any babies I did not want. Had what we could afford and STOPPED. Personal responsibility. THAT is planned parenthood. Now, answer.
How did you stop? Blue balls or you used birth control?
This is a completely false narrative based on flawed premises, meant to deceive. Stop lying about your motivations: this is about tax cuts.
@GOP #Wealthcare
It goes like this: they destroy a social program, then use the destruction to create an imperative for their rich guy handouts. Disgusting.
Exactly.
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @GOP @RepKevinBrady @POTUS @realDonaldTrump   Cornyn, between you and Cruz, Forgive me if I am skeptical
About your concern for the old, poor, or for that matter the middle class.
Add more people don't take people off like your plan does
Help them by cutting their care by $772 billion? #Orwellian
Texas speak for kicking people off of Medicaid and reducing the services for those who remain eligible. Be honest for a change!
Perhaps an increase in the minimum wage would help. If u dare, go into a Walmart & find out how many workers are on food stamps/Medicaid.
How about not allowing illegals access to medicaid?  Repeal Obamacare and block grant to states.
FALSE
And ripping families off Medicaid will help that?!  Your bill would make this problem worse.  Go back and work on bipartisan changes!!!!!
You're right !  Been waiting for your solution for 7 yrs
FALSE
#TrumpCare depriving 22 million people of basic health care is not "freedom." It's a death certificate. You're a disagrace: #resign. #Resist
Sorry for the typo, John. You're a #disgrace. Carry on with platitudes about "freedom" while you're killing people unlike a real #Christian.
But you said the needy would choose not to have insurance if they can't afford it.
@ForbesOpinion Duh! If u'd have had townhall instead of pushing horrific health plan 4 rich, you'd known that A LONG TIME AGO!
When did the rich become so needy? Time to repeal and replace Cornyn
Specious argument for cutting Medicare/BCRA, however perfect for why universal care is critical. Seems like everyone needs to be covered.
We know ACA needs improvement MAIN POINT is #BCRA(your solution) is worse It TAKES healthcare from millions in order to give top 2% our $$$
U can call it tax cut,call it tax credit SUGARCOAT all U want Its coming from the same pie U are TAKING from the poor to give it to the RICH
And by "reformed" we don't mean cut Medicaid and give tax bonuses to your wealthy political allies.
- You're beating a dead horse & this sure isn't helping you politically. The longer you support BCRA, more it hurts rep
Here you go.  Possibly a real case.  Tell us. Not it "must be reformed" but "this is exactly how #trumpcare will fix this."  Can you do it?
https://www.google.com/amp/healthaffairs.org/blog/2017/03/06/myths-about-the-medicaid-expansion-and-the-able-bodied/amp/ …
The problem is that the Repubs have little regard, compassion, or empathy for the truly needy.
need to reform and bring prices down for ALL, not by limiting funds! Why do we have unlimited funds for war, but not ppl
HANDS OFF MEDICAID AND MEDICARE! #CountryBeforeParty
Fix the ACA. Healthcare is a right, and you know it!
How does gutting 800 billion from the program "reform" Medicaid? It reforms Medicaid into a dumpster fire
Gutting it sure as hell won't help these people
You're clearly speaking from the standpoint of someone who benefits from fabulous, LIFELONG coverage paid for by citizens like us. #FakeNews
Get rid of it completely and give everybody medicare with a choice of private insurance if they can afford it
Reform does not mean take away from 28 million people
It's all about the billionaires' tax cut
Translation : Medicaid must be reformed to help the truly wealthy get a huge tax break.
To all the Veterans dependent on Medicaid - Sucks to be you.  Sincerely, John Cornyn
TrumpCare is a billionaires' tax cut.   That's all the GOP is interested in.
#FactsMatter #MedicareForAll #SaveMedicaid 
http://www.kff.org/medicaid/issue-brief/the-effects-of-medicaid-expansion-under-the-aca-updated-findings-from-a-literature-review/ …
Medicaid needs to be abolished, as it's costing hardworking taxpayers far too much.
You've worked on human trafficking issues, huge here in TX. How about how your tax cut will hurt those efforts?
Truly needy? So we don't have to cover those who make "bad choices?"
I can't believe our taxes pay you to sit there and send out misleading BS while you try tit screw everyone but the rich.
"Reforming" and "cutting" are not synonyms, Senator. Neither are "kicked off"/"can't afford" and "choice." Suggest you get a dictionary.
Correct! DC politicians are almost incapable of telling us the truth about their positions.
Vote 2018 for new leadership in America
And you are seriously delusional
Single payer system.  No tax cuts.  Problem solved.
Hopefully we'll elect a bunch of Democrats in 2018 and 2020 who will do exactly that.
Reformed being the key word here
Do you have any ideas? Anything at all?You are in control of government & DO NOTHING except lash out, scream "fake news," tweet & whine.
Yet you do nothing but line the pockets of your donors! #VoteOutCornyn #VoteOutTheIncumbent #Vote2020 Who is running against this #asshat?
As Satan is fond of saying, save some of the evil for the rest of us.
Empty promises John. You talk, but we all hear the truth. Money, Money, Money for me  #HealthCareForAll
Texas governor does not agree
64 percent of Medicaid goes to people who have spent their live savings and in  Nursing homes, I don't know where the money comes from.
70 Billion dollar increase over ten years, according to Tom Price Medicaid chart, not sure that is going to be enough.
You care about the poor?  You can't see past your rich donors and insurance lobbyists.  Come join the rest of us who live in reality.
As opposed to the "kinda needy"? Really?
@JohnCornyn used scripted talking points intended to sell the spin. Aren't we tired of being treated like fools?
I must have missed the paragraph regarding Medicaid reform as cutting $800 billion and giving it as tax cuts to the rich.
Your lies don't work John - we know you actually don't give a flying Flip about anyone that isn't a donor. #VoteNoBCRA
Just provide and fund healthcare for all and the problem is solved! Stop trying to be the judge of which Americans live, and which ones die.
...and this is what you're tasked at doing. Did you reform it? NO, you're just defunding it
Reform could lead to meaningful, sustainable change. Blindly bowing to the altar of repeal/replace and taxcuts is shortsighted & dangerous
Pardon the language, but why don't you f&cking spend some time with people who depend on Medicaid before spewing this trash, John. Shameful.
What about the majority of Americans who want and need a free market? Don't mess with my repeal.
It's doing a lot better now than it will be with BCRA ! #SaveOurCare #SaveMedicaid #YourYesTodayIsOurNoTomorrow
Don't reform it, end it
Um, @jonfavs, take my Senator. Please.
Fine. Reform Medicaid in a way that does that. But if you're even insinuating that's what your plan does, it's a lie.
Truly needy is the key word there. Too many free loaders on it.
Obama started some great work programs for people w/disabilities. Look at how they are paying off.

Short term dependence doesn't work for life long disabilities. Jobs are few and far between. For profit care doesn't work for the disabled.
Author is a fellow at FGA... a right wing think tank... propaganda... shame on you! We aren't stupid.
Absolutely right! Screw the sort of needy or just needy - let them all die. As long as we help only truly need, Jesus will be happy!
This clearly demonstrates that you don't consider and don't know about the day to day lives of disabled people. You should talk to them.
Article has nothing to do w/Texas. We didn't expand & have almost no "able-bodied" adults on the programs.
Ur idea of reform; eliminate Obamacare & Medicaid then give that tax money to the wealthy.
Reformed and expanded so it can CONTINUE to help those who need it!!!
Did anyone happen to notice how former Maine commissioner Mary Mayhew commented that Medicaid expansion made it more difficult for the needy
Yes, it does. But your plan does nothing to help those who need it. You're just paying lip-service to what will deprive most of care.
You are exactly right. ...take it back to it's intended mission. Poor women and children.
This just isn't genuine. If you really wanted to improve things you wouldn't have obstructed the ACA at every opportunity. #sorrynotsorry
@SpeakerStraus Thank you for standing up to @gregabbott_tx and his disgraceful bathroom bill. We need more politicians like you!
that's not what u proposed in the BCRA U wanted to cut Medicaid c'mon John @PoliticalDiscor @indivisibletxjc @MSNBC
Deflection. You only care about the #trumpcare tax cut & elimination of entitlements. And you support a traitor. #worstsenatorinusa
Newsflash - millionaires, the only ones would benefit from #trumpcare wealth transfer are not "the truly needy."
The truly needy would be insurance companies and big pharma?
Aw Corny, be honest: you don't want to help the needy. Do-gooder policies just interrupt the natural order of things. Let 'em die off ASAP!
reformed by starving it?
Liar! Resign! #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA  #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
To be clear, Obamacare isn't failing. @realdonaldtrump is sabotaging it. 
#NoCutsToMedicaid #No AHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid
Veterans are speaking out against the Senate #Trumpcare bill which might hurt 1.75 million #veterans and their families #ProtectOurCare 
