& inappropriate
You are so out of touch with citizens needs, you are only interested protecting your own wealth.  Get out of the beltway and walk the st.'s
Well John, if you believe that, support the Convention of States. We will get term limits and a balance budget amendment. Put up, or shut up
John, balanced budgets don't work. If they did, Republicans wouldn't have raided SS and Medicare to cover pork.
You get a balanced budget; then you blow it up with defense spending.
Have you figured out how to balance the budget AND give the Koch's a tax cut? If so, does it involve racism and exclusion?  Guessing "yes".
DON'T fund the wall!  The campaign promise was a wall paid for by Mexico.  A good rally cry but is not smart and is just wasted tax dollars.
Take that money, don't give huge tax breaks to the top 1%, and put the savings to ACA.  See?  Your constituents can help if you'll listen.
Work with the DEMS... Try something
You guys always trot that one out. Blank check to military spending, cuts for everyone else
Cut Defense/Wall funds, Medicare for all.  That should help, Senator.  77015
Tax reform: Flat tax! End: Loopholes, death tax & overseas profit tax, ACA taxes & lower corporate rate. Reform IRS
First thing, you're over paid, then, no tax cuts for rich, should help
Whatever. I don't believe Republicans will do anything. We need new blood in DC. Can't wait to make a change
What are you doing to stop #GOP rebranding?
#Flattax #TaxReform. Try what Cruz suggested. Lower taxes and simple tax code. #FightForLiberty.
#FAIRtax
How do you plan to twist that around to become Tax Cuts for the Rich?  Just askin'
The Need for A New Senator: Millions of Texans Testify Cornyn is Unfit and Represents Only Special Interests and Bigly Money
Have to remember that Cornyn can only lie. This budget targets Americans to bear the burden for this big money donors.
Hmm, Forbes disagrees.
Nicely done. I was thinking of doing the same kind of thing you did here. Thank you.
Isn't it fair that Congress have same Obamacare screwing Americans?You want Socialized Medicine like Dems but not for yourself! #TCOT #CCOT
Obamacare still alive & kicking Americans in the teeth thanks to John Cronyn! A Rino, a McConnell, a needs to be out. #TCOT #CCOT #Rino
No RINOS! Constitutional Conservative governance ONLY in ALL areas!
Got some hints for you; NO WALL and NO $'s for Maralago golf trips
I'm actually impressed by @GOP congressmen who still do townhalls. Do you ever wonder what that would be like, @JohnCornyn?
FAKE TESTIMONY
Impossible to govern with a completely dysfunctional Exec Branch. I believe you know WE know that.
THIS MEANS NO TAX CUTS TO YOUR WEALTHY FRIENDS.
You need to stop hiding and stand up for #Democracy before Trump #Authoritarianism takes over! History is watching!

Shame on you for voting to take health care away from your constituents! We won't forget this cruel vote and we will hold you accountable!
You are tying Texans to a sinking ship with Trump's disasterous agenda! Time for a progressive in office! Vote out this sycophant!
That's the best way I can imagine for bozos like you to kill AMERICA by merely creating a budget crisis and then destroying the economy
Can you please elaborate on your feelings at this moment in history....
This video of McCain voting no with Stone Cold Steve Austin wrestling audio in the background may be the greatest thing ever. #ResistanceWon 
#NoWall
I will do whatever I can to get you out of office. You don't represent your people. You don't belong there.
Man, you have really embarrassed yourself with this healthcare debacle. Plus, your staff has repeatedly lied to me when I call about it.
Whatever. Outside obstruction, you don't stand for shit or shinola. Take that meat government payout you'll get and drift into obscurity.
Cant have a balanced budget in a DEBT MONEY system. Educate yourself Mr. Cornyn
Now that you have failed the thing you have claimed to be able to do for 8 years, it's time to resign. Time to go!
BS. We have a need for smart responsible lawmakers. A huge need. Folk that know that the healthcare debate takes much longer than 2 hours.
Cornyn has no concern for a balanced budget. Only lip service.
28 states have made application to Congress for an Article V convention to propose a balanced budget amendment.
Let's see if y'all can even manage a BUDGET AFTER ten years.  Agree we need amendment.
Tell trump - stop vacations - limit his expenditures & making $$ off taxpayers etc
Republicans have never balanced a budget and are terrible at governance
The repubes could not balance a brick laying flat on the sidewalk!
2-major population ever offered by either party in U.S history.
1- polling has shown that Obamacare is popular-far more than the failed Republican proposal, one of the least popular pieces of
Know how to balance budget? Cut $ for military, tax 1% more, end corporate tax loopholes. Military spending and 1% tax cuts hurt available $
More excuses to cut spending to make room for tax cuts for wealthy
NO!!!
Uh huh. You are really big on cutting spending aren't you?  #LIAR
Great of healthcare reform Dipsh!t.
 remember HC? Do not leave town until you have a Senate Bill in committee! Put Murkowski & Collins in a room and explain the facts of life!

Glad you see the need to slash military budget, but don't do it at the expense of vets!!
American Action Forum, hunh.
You all are completely useless. #VoteDem2018 #BetoForTexas
John,why dont you just resign ? your silly tweets stay relevent is embarrassing,revealing the depths of your genuine ignorance more each day
Deflect, Distract, Deny.  @JohnCornyn just sit back down, you're not good at this. #EnemyOfTheState
The penny plan would work well.
This is pretty much code for only funding the military and tax cuts.
How are you felling after that "whipping" McCain gave you last night?
PIVOT!!!!
Better approach is to require employee-only payroll tax to fund all of the major Federal programs, similar to what France does.
NOBODY BELIEVES YOU JOHN. HOW DOES IT FEEL TO BE UNIVERSALLY DISDAINED, EVEN BY R VOTERS, FOR YOUR ABJECT FAILURE?

TOWN HALLS NOW JOHN
So, what are you doing about this?
The need for you to protect your constituents is real but you fail us hourly!
AND term limit amendment.
With the Trumpcare defeat, it is time to focus on what's important to most Americans.
Or, you could just block the budget if it doesn't balance. Or, you can accept BOTH sides of balance...spending and revenue.

#FailureFriday
Same ol' bullshit American Legislative Exchange Council ALEC talking points...long discredited...and, continuing to fool teabaggers.
Nice in theory difficult in practice. In a recession, tax receipts go down, which with a BBA, drops spending, making recession worse.
If unemployment drops demand, than reducing it more by cutting govt spending is bad.  Better that legislators act responsibly.
This should go well 
Great idea as long as there are exceptions for emergenices such as war, depression with a 67 vote threshold to over ride.
Stop funding golf trips and #ImpeachTrump. #FailureFriday
