They could make a list of her top 100
Why are you so obsessed with her???
How about listing 8 reasons why you're a horrible Rep for TX?
You seem to forget the fact that #Hillary  won the popular vote.
When you can't do anything good for this country......just deflect....typical Republican!
You should have a lot more on your plate (ie., healthcare) than needing to continue to dig at HRC. She's old news. What are you doing TODAY?
God I can't wait to vote you out
C'mon John, let it go already. #DoYourJob & start putting #CountryOverParty. Sick of your posturing #2020iscoming
#TownHall please ASAP! We pay you!
Man up and do your job.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Election in 2018 will make you minority whip. Your excuse?
I would be worried about 2018!! Hillary is gone
John, why are u even focusing on HC? U r sounding like 45 & that is not a good thing.
So you read fake news, John?
This is petty and immature.
you're wasting our time Senator. How is this more important than Russia?
John, move on!!  You were elected to serve your constituents. CHALLENGE: Do 1 thing to serve your non Repub constituents. #challengecornryn
Move along, John. We lost out on the best candidate. We've moved past it. Why can't you? Still can't stay on topic, can you? #MarchForTruth
The election is over @JohnCornyn  you won. You had 7 years to have a plan. You have no plan and the party is fractured.   Deal with that.
Ah yes, an op-ed about a Democrat in an unreliable conservative conspiracy rag. I'm totally convinced!
Bring the 
Thank you, I try
John what about Russia? Hillary is old news.
Hmmm.  Is she Presidnet?  Focus on who is and keep us, TX, satisfied with your tweets and oversight job!
Your obsession about Dems is disturbing. Particularly when Trumps action as President should be your focus...I vote in TX
Obsessed much?
She's not wrong.
Let's stop talking about that loser has-been. She is irrelevant. When are you REPEALING OBAMACARE? Every last word.
Somebody's got a crush...
you did not mention the jobs report this month.... dismal
still living in the last election because GOP legislative issues are "dead on arrival"? How about you govern? Forget HRC, I have
@John Cornyn top resons for not meeting with constituents 1 sold his soul to oil 2 sold his patriotism to Putin and Trump. No diverting 2day
Move on @johncornyn ! What abt Russia? What abt healthcare? America needs u to quit avoidance tactics & do your JOB!
We R majority & R tOo smart 2 fall 4 usual #trump #GOP REDIRECT BS. If U care about election, find the next gear on #Russia investigation!
I voted for her. I have NEVER voted for a Republican. I would vote for her again. But even I hate and distrust her.
.@JohnCornyn The election was over in November. Why are you still obsessed with Hillary?
Trump is perfectly content to let Texas go underwater & you're over here like #BUTHEREMAILS - we'll remember this in 2020
Why won't trump release his taxes? Release trumps taxes.
Why are you still breathing. STOP! You shouldnt be allowed to consume what little oxygen we have left. Stuff your lungs with your bribes.
Sorest "winners" in the history of "winning". You won,  now do something f'ing useful. And I don't mean re-tweeting nonsense. #Covfefe
What are @realDonaldTrump 's reasons for failing America? #MakeAmericaSmartAgain
Do you have NOTHING more important to do today? Lots of great reports out there on the #TRUMPRUSSIA problem we've got right now.
You working on your list of reasons you're not to blame for getting kicked out in 2020?

What are you doing to help he get prosecuted?  When is a political really going to be held accountable?
Stop with this ridiculous banter. You are a sell out. You cannot gloss over the fact that you & Trump are destroying the future of my Gkids.
One more reason to say Bye Felicia to all of you GOP waste of timers
Sen I know that you, POTUS & many Americans take great delight in a constant reexamination of past election campaign. Please focus on today.
Keep your eye on the ball! Focus on serving Texas and the USA! Would love to see you have a #TownHall . #whereisjohn #DoYourJob

This is a non issue. Focus!
Cornyn doing his best Trump impression.
Why don't you move on? We have. You guys don't seem to get that. Let's stop playing this same game over and over and work on current issues
Absolutely agree...thanks for your advice to the Senator.  I think its perfect advice.  Not Rs and Ds advice, but lets move forward advice.
You should worry about your own back yard before attacking others. I'm from Texas and there are a lot of us who want you out of this state
Forget Hillary and the election is over. Trump win, do something about Trump making Russia Great Again, please!
Diverting us from the important issues of trump making Russia Great Again
Please focus on the present!  Investigate Russian interference in our election.  Support our environment!  Fix, don't dismantle ACA!
Is the election this year? Who cares?
What is your position on impeachment? Position on Nunes interference? Be relevant.
Reality check that guy.
He's really an Okie. Sits on his brain most of the day.
#Russia #impeachtrump #traitor #obstructionofjustice
Would love to hear John Cornyn state his top 8 reasons for refusing to face his constituents in open town hall meetings. #DoYourJob
GOP could learn from HRC. She admitted to using private server & apologized. GOP is running cover for TREASON. GOP lying knows no bounds
Why are you so focused on the dem/Hillary bashing? Who can't get over it? Come on, man--stop the BS and do your damn job.
Are you clear that the Wash Examiner isn't a reliable source?
I am anti-spite, and you and the GOP seem to be all about spite
Anyone who supports the dangerous, treasonous administration of D Trump deserves to be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity.
Elections over John. Time to put your big boy pants on and let the partisanship bullshit go. It's time to be a patriot.
Top 8 Reasons to #CanCornyn20
1. Puts party over country
2. - 8. See #1
Petty
Yawn old news... hey when you having a town hall? This Texan thinks you have some explaining to fo... @truthspeaker82
What are your top reasons for still whining about Clinton and Obama instead of doing your job?
Let's focus on the present and the future, eh?
@JohnCornyn .....what will your top 8 reasons for losing be?
Why are white Republican males obsessed with Hillary?  Was she that girl in high school that wouldn't go out with you???
Why are you tweeting about Hillary when Kushner omitted A BILLION $ in loans and MANY meetings with Russian officials on his sec clear form?
Oh good lord! You cannot criticize anyone seeing as you helped your fellow Rethuglicans win with hacked emails. Delete your account old man
We'll see in 2020 what you blame for your loss.
Are you ever going to meet with your constituents? Comment on Kushner & his back channel? Trump's efforts to ease Russia's sanctions?
You think we don't see you squawking about Hillary when Trump and his dumpster fire admin are in Putin's pocket? Returning those compounds?
WHY are you talking about Hillary Clinton like there's not a blatant traitor in the White House who's trying to lift sanctions on Russia?
Did you know that Potus & team were trying to lift sanctions immediately after the election?  Were you involved in helping them?
Sir. This isn't even on the list of what we need to discuss with you. Please get a clue. Quickly. We're watching & we vote.
Why are you so obsessed with Clinton? Stop trying to distract.  Do your job!
Yes do your job which isn't to endlessly obsess about HRC but to provide solutions for the many problems that are vexing our democracy.
Russia?
FOCUS RUSSIA. Hillary is old news. Our country is falling apart.
Not sure why everyone seems to live hating her. Why the energy? After all, she came in first. She's not as reviled as Trump.
On vacation, visiting the bottom feeders? Found your people?
She's wrong & that does not make you right on everything else Republicans or should I say @realDonaldTrump Just made BOOBOO Wrong move
What's your damage Senator? Why the obsession with her? How about a #townhall? How about fixing the ACA instead of dismantling it? #dobetter
& ur top reason for not holding a town hall (or answering calls, returning messages, etc); Fear of hearing from ur constituents.
Bless your heart. One might consider looking at the present and the future (oh you know, doing your job) rather than the past.
Only HRC and the GOP care about this. Shouldn't you be doing your job?
Why are you talking about this?
8 reasons I didn't vote for her! Policies policies policies policies policies policies policies policies!
If this Russia investigation leads anywhere while you where tweeting about HRC- you effectively lost the country on your watch. #traitor
Shut up and start doing your job.
She needs to get over it, but hard to understand when you win popular vote by millions and still lose to a racist/misogynist/buffoon
I'm so glad to know my tax dollars are paying for all this time you spend retweeting tired old rehashings of an election your party won.
Dude. THE ELECTION IS OVER. Have you no idea how ridiculous you look? You're turning into Trump more and more each day.
ornyn has rec'd $1,134,506.00 from oil, gas and coal interests. He  supported leaving the Paris Climate Agmt. Who's interests do you workfor
Bro no one gives a shit about Hillary anymore, focus on your reckless potus
An obvious attempt to distract from what is really happening.
Could you focus on accomplishing something John. We don't pay you to tweet and read articles. Working on Healthcare?????
Looks like someone's in love with @HillaryClinton !? @JohnCornyn you just can't stop tweeting about her.
Why are you still talking about Hilary?? I think you and Trump are obsesses with her more than any normal people
Hey, why don't you look forward and on what you can influence, not obsessing on HRC.  Now, how 'bout you focus on that Russian collusion?
Would you let it go? She lost. We know. Move on.
Y'all are the biggest bunch of sore winners that I've ever seen. Or maybe you just need the reminder b/c you know 2018 will be rough.
My god, John, why is this still a point of discussion? She lost 6 months ago. Who cares?
It is @JohnCornyn proof of fealty to his Lord Trump...I am beginning to believe he is on Trump's payroll.
