CRS: Cloture motions in SCOTUS nominations have been been used to limit Senate consideration only 4 times: Fortis, Rehnquist (2X) and Alito
and how many times has a SC pick been giving no hearing at all? Don't be a hypocrite! Garland was not treated fairly. #gorsuch
Garland was treated exactly how Joe Biden said a nominee in an election year should be.
um, nope. But good job twisting his words. Did R's hold hearings after the election?
Are you suggesting Biden believed Bush should have made a nomination after losing the election?
yes.
difference is 'the confirmation process will be politicized' (Biden) and 'President has no right to nominate' (McConnell).
McConnell did not say president has no right to nominate but Senate has no obligation to consider his nomination.
McConnell said 'this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president'.
Never in our history has the president been brought to us by a foreign adversary. Putin shouldn't also get a SCOTUS pick.
you forgot that time that Senate Republicans flat out refused to vote on Merrick Garland
But never in our nation's history to ultimately block a SCOTUS nominee https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/845759953621188609 …
But *we* haven't.
Never before in our nation's history did a party leave a SCOTUS seat vacant out of power hunger and extremism.  Hypocrite
Garland.  Deal with it.
Hypocrite, you didn’t even have hearings on Garland   #indivisibleTX10 #indivisibletx7 #StopGorsuch
a little rich to talk about historical anomalies after the Senate refused to advise on Garland. Sui Generis. Neca Eos Omnes.
He got a hearing, which was more respect than you granted for Garland.
Short memory....we will never forget what u did to our honorable President Obama....shame on the lot of you ...look at what we have now !!
The person managing your twitter feed is just phoning it in now. At least Ted Cruz's dude has sense of humor #MerrickGarland
You're not seriously going to complain about SCOTUS hold ups, are you? Because GARLAND. You hypocrite.
You want to talk about unprecedented? How about that time @GOP stole a U.S. Supreme Court seat? F off, Cornyn.
what about the last nominee. Did you tweet about obama's pick?  Why have you changed your mind.
Never?
you're just ridiculous now.  No core principles and no concern for your constituents
Merrick. Garland.
#MerrickGarland you embarrassing hypocritical dipshidiot. You shame Texas.
Since the President is being investigated for treason, shouldn't we curtail his nominations to the Supreme Ct??
Garland was a block, I count it
until now
Sir, Are you reading responses to your tweets?
umm, what did the #GOP do to Merrick Garland? #hypocrites
What about Garland?
not to harp on it, but y'all did refuse to even have a hearing for Merrick Garland.  The only truth is both parties suck.
YOU AND YOURS REFUSED TO EVEN HAVE A HEARING FOR GARLAND!  You have zero room to complain!
..pls-I voted 4 U- U R whining about something U did w/Garland-STOP! Do something as a senatorial grp 4 ALL USA
you all did a scumy thing to Obamas pick and he wasn't under FBI investigation.  Pay back is a witch...
U guys are blowing it.  Get it done and stop with the horseshit. Its embarrassing when liberals make u look foolish.
How funny! Did you forget the block of Obama's pick?
Seriously. Reap.  Sow.  I think Gorsuch is qualified.  If Pubs would publicly admit wrong on Garland, D's would accept Gorsuch
Such a disappointment in leadership. Your legacy. When times got tough, you hid.
.@JohnCornyn Anybdy notice there's ZERO support for cornyns position here? Wonder if he does. Cn't wt 4 u to come home on spg break senator!
we've also never had a white supremacist, pussy-grabbing, Russian spy for president either. First time for everything.
didn't the GOP just do that under Obama? Are you kidding? Time for you to go! #TermLimits
and your refusal to even consider Garner-how many times in history for that?
grow up John!  We the People want judges who don't make ABSURD decisions
No SCOTUS  appt until #russiagate investigation is over!
It is Judge Garland's stolen nomination.  You should have fought just as vociferously for a vote last year.
#MerrickGarland
Does the name Merrick Garland ring a bell?  Didn't you block his nomination?
, Republican obstruction of Merrick Garland started this.  At least be honest and OWN IT.
What kind of precedent for Soviet infiltration of the executive branch?
Really? Which is worse, not voting for cloture, or not having a hearing at all?
#MerrickGarland
What hypocrisy. And the Biden rule didn't mean block; it meant wait until the ELECTION was held, sitting pres would still nom.
no confirmation until completion of an independent investigation. Outgoing POTUS apparently can't make appointments.
We've also had EIGHT @Scotus noms APPROVED in election years, care to spin?
#MerrickGarland 
when Trump goes down in disgrace, we will all remember how you stood with party over country and we will vote accordingly.
Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland Merrick Garland  Merrick Garland #2020
I'd have to disagree. Merrick Garland was blocked from having a hearing and Up or down vote!!!
where's Merrick Garland ? oh yeah..... @txlege #resist #persist #TrumpRussiaCollusion
@GOP undermined its own legitimacy as well as SC's. That is Garland's rightful post. Gorsuch would just be an impostor
#MerrickGarland
In one tweet you say you'll earn citizens confidence. Another you whine that you can't push through a SCOTUS nominee? Hypocrisy?
What do you call what your Party did to @POTUS44 's nominee? That wasn't blocking? Ultimately? Seems like it to me.
never blocked a nominee??  Who the hell was Garland, then?
GOP senators 'blocked' last SCOTUS nominee by refusing to hold hearings! #doyourjob
and how many times has the Senate refused to consider the SCOTUS nominee of the president? #DoYourJob
really? Never? wasnt it last year your party blocked Obamas?
does this tweet mean you are now voting on #MerrickGarland?
hahahha are you senile? Merrick Garland, remember him?  The Clown Show now on the Senate Floor.
No vote because of Trump Russia ties, impeach and let next in line submit new Justice, thanks Representative Cornyn.
#MerrickGarland
where was your vote on Merrick Garland?
#MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
He received hearings, at least. #MerrickGarland
what about Merrick Garland?
#MerrickGarland
#MerrickGarland
Merrick Garland
Until you agree to have hearings on Merrick Garland, you have ZERO grounds to moan about blocking any nominees. Grow up.
. Are you kidding !!   Do u have Alzheimer's ?
how many times has a nominee been denied even a hearing for almost a year?  Shame on @HouseGOP @SenateGOP
The Repubs only have to find 8 votes. So why don't you work on that Senator...if there are 8 Dems you could flip.
Good Lord! You blocked #MerrickGarland by not giving him a hearing. You really are a gigantic hypocrite.
If Gorsuch can't get 60 votes, he doesn't deserve to be a member of SCOTUS for life. Think about that.....
you wouldn't even allowing hearings for Merrick Garland. GOP has gone from the opposition party to a party of whiny babies.
The POTUS is under investigation. He must not have the powers of the POTUS until he is cleared. YOU must demand that for America
You're really going to complain about blocking SC nominees? This narrative is cynical and below you.
2 words, Senator: Merrick Garland.
no new SCOTUS until the Russian investigation is complete. Vote NO!
GOP Senate only Senate to block a hearing for SCOTUS nominee, Merrick Garland. All other Nominees D&R had hearings, not Garland.
Merrick Garland.
No you just ignore a nominee for more than a year.  Stolen seat nominated by a probably criminal under FBI investigation.
sir, you wouldn't even give Garland a hearing. You are the pot talking about the kettle.
you opened Pandora's box with Garland.  Stop whining about the consequences.
You're reaching, Senator. Almost like U know GOP treatment of Garland was outrageous & dangerous violation of democratic norms.
#theirhypocrisyknowsnobounds
Merrick Garland much?
Sen, u appear to be either a bigger hypocrite or more delusional w/every tweet u post. Sad!
Your caucus blocked Garland for 10 months. Shut it.
No SCOTUS confirmation until #Trumprussia INDEPENDENT investigation!
Your arguments are making Merrick Garland shake his head.
Wait until the investigation is over. Lifetime appointments should not be made by someone being investigated for treason.
Yo, Lying is bad for America so you know, Stop.
Merrick Garland
I have two words for you: Merrick Garland. PS: When's your #townhall?
John, what would you call what was done by GOP during Garland nomination?
@ once again you have zero high-ground...ZERO. #MerrickGarland
ignores both the unprecedented blocking of Garland and the rise of the new 60 vote threshold in Senate. Pick a better nominee
It's almost as though the GOP thought their obstructionism wouldn't have consequences. Weird, right?
'Block' is EXACTLY what happened to the last SCOTUS nominee, What short memory you have, you might want to get that checked.
If Hillary was elected the Repubs were going to leave seat empty for 4 yrs.  Find out about Russia first. Stand up f ur country.
The GOP has created the climate as it currently exists. Stop pouting and trying to act patriotic. Winter is here and you did it.
Are you seriously going to have the gall to whine about blocking a SCOTUS nominee?!?!?
Yeah, "unprecedented" we keep hearing that a lot...  Get used to it!
Its just another first! Just like never in our nation's history has the Senate refused to hold a hearing on a SCOTUS nominee.
Remember Merrick Garland GOP hypocrites?
had a Congress ever refused to even hold a hearing on a SC nominee before?
are you drunk rn? Do you not remember 2016?
never has congress refused to have a hearing for a scotus nominee. Turnabout?  Karma?
Bless your heart. Where does your refusal to vote on Merrick Garland come in?
Your memory is failing, but ours is not @JohnCornyn !
Ohh, I guess not holding a hearing is different? Isn't Trump the 1st to nominate while under investigation for #TrumpRussia?
AND Merrick Garland.
And never in our nation's history had the Senate denied a hearing to a SCOTUS nominee. Until @GarlandSCOTUS
also there has been one Presidential nominee for SCOTUS blocked by a political party. Merrick Garland. By your party. Disgrace.
You didn't do your job as my Senator for a year after Garland was nominated. Spare it.
fingers crossed
.@JohnCornyn I'll just keep saying this - never in our nation's history has a Senate refused to even hold hearings for a SCOTUS candidate.
for colluding with FUCKING RUSSIA!!! Let that sink in John. And you seem to be ok with it?
You didn't even have a vote on Garland so please stop talking and resign.  Your hypocrisy is more astounding each day.
I can't stop laughing...the gall is blowing my mind! You have lost your way. #MerrickGarland
But never in our nation's history has a president been investigated by FBI, CIA, NSA......
Not a bad thing if it thwarts tyranny.
WE REMEMBER MITCH MCCONNEL BLOCKING OBAMA'S SCOTUS NO MATTER WHAT

STOP ACTING LIKE WE'RE IDIOTS WITH NO MEMORY!!!!!!!
M  G
E   A
R  R
R   L
I    A
C   N
K   D
.@JohnCornyn What about Merrick Garland?
then get rid or the filibuster. I dare you. With The awareness that gavel will change hands, change the rules. No balls.
Ah well, first time for everything. 
Coming on heels of sitting on yr hands for a year on Garland's nomination, I'd say you have a perverse sense of righteousness
Even worse, they wouldn't even consider Obama's nominee for almost a year.  Don't point fingers.
At this point #TrumpRussia is what you have to be concentrating on.  Nothing until all those involved are out. Do your job.
The Republicans did exactly that during Obama's last year.
what about Garland? That was a block right?
Never in our nations history has a seat sat open for nearly a year because one party was obstructing. You have a short memory
Democracy in action & a reaction to extreme partisan politics.USA needs a respectful Pres who will unify.
fire the staffer who tweeted this. S/he is dumber than the boss, and that's saying something. MERRICK GARLAND. Ya butthole.
Merrick Garland.
@realDonaldTrump What a memory? Less than a year ago do-nothing GOP did that 2 44s pick. This tweet is disgraceful. Represent us
Have we ever had a nominee of a POTUS under active federal investigation before?
except when you refused to have hearings last year on a candidate you guys wanted Obama to nominate earlier
Still waiting for Gorsuch to answer if he is a GOP Justice. I can wait 293 days for the answer but no confirmation until he does
Oh why don't you stop annoying people. @nytimes @dcexaminer @CNN @thehill @maddow @Lawrence @HuffingtonPost @HardballChris
your attempts to justify your position just make you look like a DJT/GOP stooge. play these games at your own political peril
Two words #Merrick Garland
garland or bust
I believe you did just that w/Merrick Garland or did you happen to forget?  Not even a hearing! Stop pretending to be patriotic!
Never in our nation's history has a candidate's team colluded with foreign gov to hack/smear opponent. Those ignoring? #traitors
Repeat after me... #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland #MerrickGarland
The GOP has no right to complain about anything after Garland.
MERRICK GARLAND.
McConnell's move to abandon the Constitution when he denied Garland a hearing for 293 days was also a first.
we're in the last year of Trump's presidency so let's use their logic and block.
Treason, qui tacet consentire videtur
