@JohnCornyn Posts like these is why America will never be great again.
14 is the number on your jockey's vest... horse face! @AnnCoulter
I'm counting with you! Can't wait!
@Erosunique How the hell do they even know all these obscure white supremacist references? 
Right! I've been white since birth and I had to look that shit up to figure out wtf was going on lmao
It's all in The White Privilege Handbook on page 88 
Sounds like a few of u lost yours ;)
No kidding. And my white privilege cash account has been drawn out since birth. 
I literally saw a comment that said "I don't get poor white people. All they have to do is exist how can they be poor?"
I'm seriously feeling like I got fucked out of something here! Who stole my white privilege? wtf is going on?
LOL it was fun to see liberals get riled up tho
Here I was all excited to think she was giving us Trump voters a shout out. "14-Words" #MAGA
14 words: Bristol Palin will get pregnant again by another drunken baby daddy before year's end.
@DeluxxxeOne @TeaPartyOne1 @TRUMPKlN @AnnCoulter  We had it good for so long. Now we're going to pay. #BleakFuture
it cannot be SOON ENOUGH! His actions get scarier by the hour.
Hi Ann, Can't believe you are getting harassed for saying 14 days left until Trump is president. This pedo on the other hand...
Almost gone! #ByeByeObama Hello #PresidentTrump!   #Jan20Countdown
, where is the count down for your generations DEATH? #HURRYupNdie
@JohnCornyn please don't retweet this bigot @AnnCoulter. Recognize the diversity of your constituency and represent them!
Praise God!!!
Sure! But you also sympathize with those white supremacy rednecks, don't you?
Obama is the best president in the past 100 years.  He will be sorely missed!
You go, Ann. Rile them loser liberals up by reminding them how close we are to #MAGA. Thanks for reminder.
@JohnCornyn ....and on 01202017 Putin will be sworn in as the 45th President of the US with GRU/KGB offices in WH & Trump Tower.
Until we replace a great President, with a jackass );
@JohnCornyn yay!!!! 14 days til your pussy gets grabbed in Trump's America!  How exciting!! #DemForce #TheResistance
That would be Obama and HRC .Invaded Crimea, Sold 20 % of our uranium 2 Putin 4 donation 2 Clinton foundation
He allowed with no repercussions Putin 2 Invade a sovereign nation.Also gave up out Missile defense B/C Putin told him 2
Let me guess, you get your fake news from Brietbart, or straight from the Donald's tweets?
sorry, not you
But why are you so excited ("!")?
@JohnCornyn In that case, do the two of you publicly repudiate neonazis and everything they stand for? I applaud you if so.
@JohnCornyn  https://news.vice.com/article/why-texas-is-the-worst-state-for-health-insurance-in-the-country …
Don't blame  Obama, Texas is the worst State for Healthcare .
@JohnCornyn So we a 15 days until 
Damn, you're clever, Ann. What else can you do?
It cannot come fast enough
Are you saying you disavow the other "14"?
don't u have nothing better to do? Why don't u go to sew on some socks?
Liar. First, it was 15 days, second, you forgot the "days" or at least the "to go". You know exactly what you did for retweets.
He is determined to do maximum mischief and damages!
OK, some got it wrong, but respect them as they know your whiteness has often been exposed in ugly ways.
14 years of your transgender life perhaps! White supremacist bigot that you are!
And look at all of your followers who came out to celebrate!
Why do you think so many *real* Nazis love you, @AnnCoulter?
#TakesOneToKnowOne
Ironically its also the amount of time left for the USA as a superpower
Is there anyway to get a clock for when you leave?
Ann will you Please Follow me Please!!! I love you & a big fan!!! Ive been away from twitter for yrs and just got back on!TY
I throw up a little every time I see your face..   
#NaziScum
Then I just want to put a feed bag on it. Maybe re-shoe her.
Good.  Welcome mr president.
can't wait until #obamaworstpresidentever is done and hopefully NEVER to resurface
like like like!!!  So happy!!
@muzikgirl11
sure you did.  Since you've been counting down all the other days too, right?
not soon enough
it's an eternity! Going crazy just waiting, will induce a coma till then, a legacy of racism creation hate mongering race bating
well well..You're still a c*nt.
88?
Trump supporters=Deplorables Ann supporters=(proud) "C*NTS." Hate that word, but I'll learn to love it!
@moekamerow  
@RobertWoodham2 Day zero cannot get here soon enough
no explanation needed! I got it first glance! 
Were you goose-stepping when you did it?
RIGHT - you didn't tweet the number of any other day, and you just happened to pick the one that's a Nazi slogan
You know...  You really should learn to lie less.  Or at least lie better.  Cause it's 15 days till the inaugural.
what
Along with his motley crew.
celebrating the 14th amendment, right?
Love you Ann! A true voice of reason.
...with the face of Secretariat.
that's mean
I don't like wishing time away, but in this case, I really have no choice.  #MAGA
don't let the door hit him on the way out!!
Just embrace it, Ann.
Double entendre for plausible deniability
god I can't wait for Jan.  20th
@MiriamUSA82 I have the same counter
lies, lies ies.  But, you're listening to yourself aren't you?
Speaking of 14, OH MY GWAAAAAAAAAADDDDDD!!!
Riiiiiiiight
just means he has 14 more days to shit all over the United States some more... ugh

Can't Come Soon Enough
For a minute there I thought this might have been Hillary's electoral college vote count.
14 days+6 hours is usually still counted as 15 days. I feel bad for you. To both espouse white nationalism AND be accused of it?
- you are a "white Supremacist"!  I will be dammed!
You've got to be more clear for those that don't follow you. Most of us thought you were bragging about your penis size.
woohoo 14
And the brainwashed lefty's interpreted that as a plug for White Supremist Nationalists.
Remember you will reap whatever you sow in life!#that I can tell you!
IS IT JANUARY 20TH YET?
Yeah, you're a Nazi, we know exactly what you meant. And your misdirection is pathetic. Just own it. Not a good look. Sad!
What dumbasses for not getting it!  You're one humorous lady!!  I love the turmoil it created!!
Counter goes to the end of the day, 1/20/17. Therefore it is now only 13 days. 
what I hate the most w/libs is the doubledown of ignorance.Your countdown tweets exist! they say fake countdown just to tweet 14
lONGEST 2 WEEKS IN HISTORY

This is hope! 
14 Days!
COME ON 2 WEEKS!! Nah nah nah nah!!! MmmmBye Bye!
except it's 15 days
oops  I had to look it up
thank god.
And then...what happens?
The Nazis used the number 14. Right in between 13 and 15.
@seanmdav I thought it had something to do with Pete Rose.
Can u assuage the fears of psycho liberals who think '14' refers to a Nazi rant?  Are u now or have u ever been a Nazi?
nice try but it's 15 days to the inauguration
C'mon in. The water's fine.
I LOVE IT!
is there a fast forward button?
You mean through the next 4 years?
"14"
Admirable effort, but it's obvious they lack the mental faculties to connect even "adjacent" tweets, much less ones hours apart.
The libs knew damn well what you meant by 14, you've been counting down for a year. Accusation was the culmination of weakness.
Is ok Ann, that was only @HuffingtonPost attempt to compete with @CNN for #1 position for fake news.
I'm sure 13 will mean something too. Well, be damned, I can't WAIT!!
you're gonna be crying like a baby when he leaves office.
Only tho thing are eternel, timeless time and http://love.One  transcending the other...
Things to do:
You are a f--king C--t
I suspect they are what they claim you are, or they would not have made that crazy association.  No sweat, ignore them.
Your book sales will drop now that we've reached the Promised Land #whatdoidonow
LOL. Thats all you got . Thats funny right there, I dont care who you are
http://www.mediaite.com/tv/wait-whats-that-kkk-sign-doing-at-the-cubs-indians-game/ …
it's 15 days. Good to know you're an open bigot!  How long have you known? 14?
Be careful the number "14" can be used as an isis recruiting tool!!! #daesh
Still fucking too long. Damn it get here already.  #TrumpianDays
Holding my breath until a new day breaks and we can say as the Beatles made famous " Here comes the Sun"
George & John will be turning in their graces to be associated with the orange twat
Can't come soon enough. With all the BS BO is perpetrating, wish we could send him on another vacation, just to stop him.
Actually, you tweeted 14! which the math geek in me interpreted as 14 factorial -- a number larger than 87 billion!
Riiiiight.  Wink wink
@jefffillion 

Good, great, Obama is already part of the past...Time solve everything, the ultimate justice on earth..
Picked up milk today expiration date read JAN 20 got so excited can't wait for that milk to expire! Dancing Dancing!!!!!
It was already Jan 6th in some time zones around the world when you tweeted "14", so I assumed the tweet was for their benefit.
well done
guess you didn't hear the news. He is up for a 3rd term! your wish has come true!
I saw this 14 minutes after you posted it. So...
didn't you hear and that's Nazi code language
feels like a century
yeaaaahhh
Be careful what you wish for Ms. Coulter. Who/what will act as your piñata when Obama is gone? You maybe marching to the desert
The good news is that they're running out of names to call you in English.
Weird time to start counting, most people start at a significant number. Like 20, or 15? or 10?
But not 15 days until Cheeto Messiah ascends to his golden throne?  Sure . . . 14 was related to Obama.  Nice try.
Can't be soon enough ... I am ready for America to be Great Again.
maybe tweeting the screenshot would have been more clear in the first place.
I was slow on the uptake for that. Two weeks! #MAGA
wished it moved as fast as our debt clock!!!!
can we have a fireworks show with Hillary's fireworks to celebrate!
Well you people have so many codes words....nvm.
"you people" nice
Just trying to fit in, Ann says it all the time.
could you tell me what positive noteworthy accomplishments Barry O or Kerry can take credit for?
Obviously!
: Think he is gonna break 20 trillion in next 14 days ??? 

http://www.usdebtclock.org 
I take it there are no flights to Mars on this same countdown?
CHOOOOOOHOOOOO! SAMOAN STYLE!!
Wonder who is going to pay for his 'all star' farewell party?
That is without any shred of doubt, on a par with "dog eat my homework" for history's most pathetic and uncreative excuse.

HAte to wish away my life,,but this cannot come fast enough, while Americans watch more millions wasted on farewell festivities
We've waited a very long time for this.
Love it, Ann!
Naughty Ann you triggered Libtards
Feels like an eternity.
Happy New Year, Ann! :-)
@ @AnnCoulter haha!  that many people confused about "14"?  
Ha! You got trolled for that one! LOL!!
love it
please don't remind me.  @POTUS did a fantastic job against great odds. @GOP
not soon enough
Today's password is PASSWORD.
Wow! It's like people are standing by with pitchforks waiting for the wrong word to be uttered
Can't wait.
Love it!
it can't happen soon enough.
But that doesn't allow us to use the race card?
CAN'T WAIT
woo hoo!
