The only people I hear referring to HRC are Republicans. Guilty conscience, maybe?


Let's talk about Trump and Russia; current events.  Let the past go John.  We have!  I vote in TX
Why are you still obsessing over Hillary? Don't you have anything better to do?
BullShit!, John, just BullShit!
She's still a criminal who should be charged
You're unpopular for your refusal to get rid of Obamacare
stop tweeting and whip gop hcare bill.
And you're less popular than Ann Richards. Your point?
Stop enabling the President! And that includes repeal of ACA! Shame on you Senator.  You can government paid healthcare but the poor can't?
what kind of crap are you posting? Trump is the one that goes on Twitter tirades and can't handle he lost popular vote.
Lol you mean how Trump won't let it go? Are you TRULY this ridiculous?? When and where is your town hall in August?
I am super interested in the answer to this question.  When is your town hall?  #voter
Have you heard your stupid president lately?
Weak, very weak.
A pundit you are not.
Your obsession with Clinton borders on sickness.  Election over months ago.  Focus on Trump/Russian ties and safeguard our next election.
@daveweigel Don't act like you be reading the @washingtonpost, John.
It is Mr. Trump who cannot let go of the election results.
Hillary? Nothing good to talk about apparently
Is there a point to this tweet?  It makes 45 look bad. Is that your intent?  Passive-aggressive?
Donald wont let the election end either! Baseless claims of rampart voter fraud when it is more rare than getting struck by lightning....
And trumps popularity is less than any president ever. He is president not Hillary, I know she won the popular vote but not president.
Yeah ok
You are wrong, sir.
Definitely including Donald @realDonaldTrump
Like the way you keep tweeting about her and blaming her for things.
OMG! Give it a rest! You should be focusing on representing Texas and the current threats to our democracy. Get serious!
Keep up the good work! Tough sledding now, will soon be all downhill when OCare is repealed.
It could if she is finally tried , convicted and locked up for her many crimes!
@tedcruz is more popular than you are in Texas. How sad is that for you given everyone hates Cruz! SAD. Bye bye in 2020!!
What we are watching, John,is you GOP members of Congress doing nothing about the abuses of power by Trump and his family! Just say RUSSIA!!
NO REPEAL OF AFFORDABLE CARE!  REPAIR IT!
I've heard of sore losers but sore winners?  Trump stirs this nonsense, senator. 45 needs to find another whipping girl (?)
The only people obsessed with Hillary is @realDonaldTrump. She is old news. Y'all need to find a new scapegoat.
Repeat after me: Hillary isn't president. & I @JohnCornyn wanna take healthcare away from 3 million Texans for tax breaks for rich people.
You're giving her a run for her money in being unpopular. #RINO Can't wait to primary you with @DwayneStovall for Senate. @NotOnThisWatch
And Trump got more votes in Texas than you ever have.  Get with the agenda.  Repeal.  Wall.  Now.
You and Ted are less popular than anyone. The first step is acceptance.
Your banner bearer sucks, John. And he's a traitor, but at this point your actions cast suspicion on yourself too. But keep blaming her.
How do you account for your numbers, Senator28?
@realDonaldTrump  trump is a bad #loser and a #traitor
What is wrong with you, Senator? Just stop. You're embarrassing our state.
Analysis - you are too busy beating an already beaten Democrat to govern
And by tweeting this you did what, exactly?
With all due respect Senator, this low road tweets are not becoming to you.
Trust. You're the one white knucking this.
Dear,  Senator  How long do the people who voted for you have to wait on you to put your energy into fixing healthcare  GO TO Work!!!
Stop obsessing over Hilary!  The election if over.  Focus on representing the people of TX! All I see from you is #partyOverCountry!
Why do you keep bringing up Pres. Obama and Ms. Clinton? We don't have time to look behind.
The president you blindly follow is the one who constantly brings her & election up. We've moved on, just want him held accountable for lies
And just how unpopular are you, John?  28% approval, is that right?  Why do you think that is?
Did you just tweet about something you want everyone to stop talking about? #ironic 
You and Hannity need a new pin cushion.
Uhm...how does that saying go. "people who live in glass houses shouldn't throw rocks..."
Let it go John. You and 45 need to get a life and do the biz of the people instead of stirring up old crap Come home and meet with us! Fraud
It's like choosing between two venereal diseases
John-babes: But she isn't the President of the US; and he's only 1 percent higher. Very sad.
:
Russia Russia Russia
You want to pass a healthcare bill that will charge me a 60 year old 5 times more than everyone else after I have paid your salary/my taxes!
Nobody will let the election end because of the illegal activity surrounding it. Committed by the guy you keep enabling.
Cornyn, who care about the past it the Russians and the future we care about
and by tweeting this, you are also keeping the HRC story alive.  MOVE ON. Do your job.  And also - revoke Kushner's security clearance!
This applies mostly to 45* and the GOP.  Can't get over the fact that  even colluding with Russia didn't get you the popular vote.
"Focus, on your work at hand," said your employer,(I am your employer)
 Who Cares?
#ScaredFatOldWhiteGuys
I am pretty sure she is still more popular than you or Cruz right now!
Assuming you didn't read this article?

"...political actors who could move on have no idea how to frame their arguments without her."
"Nobody" means republicans.
Stop focusing on Clinton and do your damn job and stop enabling the traitor in the White House
Analysis: You're full of crap. #GoingDownWithTrump
#CanCornyn2020
Quit trying to show us shining objects.  We ain't birdbrains like you.
Yeah! She only BEAT him by a mere 3 million votes.  Would have been more if wasn't for all the voter suppression y'all put in place.
Why are you highlighting a private citizen?  .@realDonaldTrump is killing The ACA, it is not dying. .@JohnCornyn and the .@GOP R helping
your friend Trump doesn't let it
Why do you care? Drop it and do your job: make sure the ACA works, get to the bottom of Russia's hacking, defend net neutrality.
focus on IMPROVING HEALTHCARE NOT REPEALING it. tell your POTUS HE DOES OWN IT!!!!! bc i didn't vote for him
Talk about something that matters!
If the President weren't obsessed w/ losing the popular vote & looking for non-existent election fraud, this wouldn't be an issue.
Well, yeah.  Yourself included.  I don't give a rat's behind about HRC, but apparently you do. Trump won, John.  Move on.
Cornyn does nothing but tweet irrelevant headlines that deflect from Congress' collosal failures. Pathetic.
Repeal completely! Be more concerned about your voters that Washington insiders! Don't care about Hillary! REPEAL
Oh and the reason we won't let the election end ia because Trump basically hired Russians to con U.S. voters. Not to mention redistricting!
I personally couldn't give two shits about Hillary Clinton, we elected Donald fucking Trump! Almost anyone else would have been better.
You didn't read the article. It's sad to be represented by buffoons like you, Cruz, & Trump when you clearly lack the intelligence to do so.
So you think this is a valuable use of your time? Time I am paying for? Why not spend that time working across the aisle to fix healthcare?
Are you saying America should turn a blind eye to Russian intervention? That is what is keeping 2016 election alive. What do you owe Trump?
It should read, " because Donald tRump won't let the 2016 election end." BTW, why the silence over failed #tRumpcare
WHO CARES? Oh, that's right, you do! She lost and your godawful guy won. Full on destruction. You're no patriot.
"If you're sitting in traffic, you are part of the problem
not true, lie and spread fake news like your unfit liar in chief, don't believe there is anyone less popular than trump
Trying to deflect from this train wreck of your own making.
You'd rather talk about her than your health care #failure #youreajoke #yourealoser #resign
For a bunch of supposed "winners" y'all sure obsessing over the election. Perhaps it's cause you don't know how to govern? #sorewinners
Last poll I saw on republican congress ya'll were at 6%
How about we focus on what matters? Your shitty health care bill or threat to repeal. #priorities
You all are in the same % I would not be bragging
#Whocares #Hillaryisntpresident Trump's approval rating is only 36% & its only been 6 months. #worstpresidentever #Trumpsucks
Hating Hillary and Pandering to Putin is really all the Trump administration does.
Business Insider: the Trump White House and conservative media outlets have remained in campaign mode against the former secretary of state.
Hmm. Odd logic there. Bless your heart.
It seems many Americans are focused on healthcare and not the election. But I see you and Trumo talking about it.  Let it go.
Cornyn apparently has this "thing" about Hilary. He just can't get her out of his mind. 
No one is less popular than Trumpie the Klown, other than the @SenateGOP. Dump Trump. Dump @SenateMajLdr and maybe save yourselves
If Hillary didn't exist, @realDonaldTrump would invent her just to have someone to blame things on.
Example: this tweet. I wonder what could possibly have happened recently to be driving you to try to distract us.
WAPO is a shill for socialist fascist progressives, like Hillary. Popularity should end at end of puberty. Getting stuff done is critical.
MSNBC/CNN/ABC: why so many undisclosed meetings with Russia?
Fox: remember when Hillary didn't smile that one time
Copied from Elizabeth Plank.
perhaps if @realDonaldTrump would quit bringing her up and you and fellow GOPers would quit using her for a punching bag, she would go away
Hahaha especially you, John. Glad you are making progress and using your time wisely.
Agree, this admin isn't moving forward.  POTUS only likes to get notoriety from throwing bartbs, not the unglamorous governing
Tell that to that orange man in the Whitehouse
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain 
What is congress numbers? 50-no, 30-no, 20-no
Please stop tweeting and do your job.
We let it end - you and your fearless leader won't move on.
pathetic man 
Did you read this article?
You and the   are the kings of reflecting on President Obama and Hillary. This is a pot kettle black moment for you. #worstsenatorinusa
Exhibit A: Trump can't stop talking about her. Maybe he should.
You are not letting it end by posting articles like this.
"Nobody" being GOP. Don't you have poor people to kill, or taxes to cut for the wealthy, or a vote to suppress? Hillary's not prez #focus
Most of all Trump and his supporters.
So that's all you have after getting your ass handed to you by the republican women?
I just wish you were a better person and were more willing to use your great power and influence to draw attention to better things. 2/2
Well...that's a lie
You post the most petulant articles and I wouldn't follow you if you weren't my representative,  but you are, so I have too. 1/2
