Cornyn reportedly upset that news leaked about Kim Jong Un's missile launch last Thursday, because you know, leaks.
We need to ignore tweet idiocy. They thrive on getting us riled up. Distractions r their power. Let's fight for voter power!
When 65 million of us are worried as hell our government has been compromised to an unfriendly nation, a leak becomes an act of patriotism!
You can't leak your own personal memos. Not govt papers. So not a leak
Did you have any Russian meetings? Investments?
Do you care that Russia attacked our Democracy! You sound like a #traitor!
Yeah, John, a private citizen telling his friend about an unclassified conversation is clearly THE take-away from yesterday.
I'd bet money Comey worked that detail in just to bait the GOP into going after a law professor for "leaking" unclassified info. 

They bit.
1/ Comey: "did it for various reasons". He did it to obtain Whistle Blower status. Cmte. didn't sieze on asking him all reasons he did it.
2/ whistle blower status protects him by govt law.
The whistleblower protections only extend to those who leaked CLASSIFIED information-not an unclassified memo Comey wrote to remember convos
It extends to both. If classified, certainly unclassified.
Maybe, but HE ensured Special Counsel investigation which is more than GOP and Congress have done!
Supporting a law-breaking president is even less appropriate. Grow a pair and defend the Constitution, Senator.
Oh, my!  You disappoint us! Stunned? Trump's behavior should be "stunning" you.
Wonder why GOP isn't concerned about Russian hacking of our elections? It works for them. Shameful!
By your logic, Trump leaked when he revealed to Holt details of the same conversation. LOCK HIM UP! Oh, Republican? Never mind. IOKIYAR.
Do you know what's more troubling senator? Trump lying to this country daily.  It will take years to rebuild trust after he's gone.
Sen Collins is not all that bright or well versed in the law if she is stunned and thinking this is inappropriate.
Cornyn, if u think Comey leaked anything, u must be a believer of Trump's tweets which he always uses to deflect & believe his "fake" info.
Trump leaks everything in his tweets. Comey didn't leak classified info, he simply gave the truth while Trump was tweeting his fake facts.
https://gopwillnotgovern.com/2017/06/09/leaks-are-not-the-issue/ …
You had Comey on the hot seat and all you could ask about is Hillary's emails. In case you missed it the election is over and there is
#rightwing IS #fakenews - what alt reality do ideologues like u live in?  If HRC or Barack asked Benghazi investigators for break?
This is what you found "not appropriate" out of the Comey hearings? Seriously? Bless your heart.
To be fair, Cornyn only thinks what the RNC tells him to. Following talking points verbatim is so much easier than thinking for himself.
Ugh. The piece is about Senator COLLINS, not Cornyn. He just tweeted it.
...any what about the content of the revealed conversations. Any concern there?
What's worse a leak or a lie? Oh, sorry many lies. Sorry again, all lies.
You are both disingenuous. You know darn well there was nothing wrong with "leaking" unclassified info by a non-employee of gov't.
Why are @JohnCornyn and @SenatorCollins COLLUDING WITH THE WHITE HOUSE in covering up TREASON? @IndivisibleChi @Suntimes @chicagotribune
This is total click bait, Senator. You're Still Bad a deflecting. #DoYourJob
Was she shocked when dump discussed the conversation on tv?
Comey has you by the short hairs. Quit twisting the truth; it will only hurt more.
It's completely appropriate given the situation. Voters aren't as uninformed as we used to be. This is the Information Age you can't fool us
So you are okay with the lies that the president has told to the American people? He says he's willing to be questioned under oath:  do it!
45 will NEVER testify under oath. His family, associates and lawyer wouldn't allow it.  He is a pathological lier
Yes but can they stop him if he has been triggered by a tweet or by Alex Jones?
Those who call law enforcement officers liars must be law enforcement haters. SAD!!!
AGAIN if the notes are writen by Comey in they are his to leak if he wants, Traitor.
 seriously that's what "stunned" her?
Washington Examiner is a Tabloid like the Enquirer. Why not read or quote from a substantial reliable erudite source.
SORRY, John boy Walnut, but your main squeeze Trumpalina leaked it first. Comey was not head of FBI
Omg how you distract !   He leaked His Own memo and it wasn't confidential... you ppl are either evil or or have brain of 3 min egg
Guess this shows how Trump and the GOP will run the FBI now .Not independent of the WH.But controlled with total loyalty to Trump
Sorry Senator, not classified memos, you really should have your facts straight before tweeting, something your boss also guilty of
Stunned @SenatorCollins only takeaway from Comey hearing was fact a private citizen shared an unclassified work experience w/pal
Susan pretending to b a nice little old lady who would never take Russian money to destroy her nation is fairly inappropriate too.
I thought you were one if the "Good ones" you chose to comment on seriously?
The GOP is starting to become unglued. Clutching at straws now.
Inappropriate is the new normal. The Whitehouse is leading that charge Senator.

You and your GOP should be ashamed for enabling your President.
You know what's inappropriate? That the president obstructs justice & is a pathological liar
Many forget he testified that he shared it in the hopes of being required to give testimony on this and much more.
He wanted a forum that allowed him to defend FBI and himself, highlighting the bombastic (lying) nature of the President.
@SenatorCollins except they weren't & he wasn't. Get your head back in the game & out of the tRump. Our country needs adults not lemmings.
She's more of a hero then you.. She's what a true republican is, you Ted Ryan & Mitch are the rotten apples.. look in the mirror #karma
He could have passed it to reporter in a dark parking deck. It was good enough to sink Nixon.
I notice neither of you are stunned the President is a liar!!! Do your job please. Comey deserves respect! Shameful
So if you get fired, your never allowed to talk about it?
President leaking to Russia not appropriate but that doesn't seem to bother you!
As with all associated w/Trump, people feign more concern w/how the info came out than the actual illegal acts. It's a deflection strategy.
The cowardly and corrupt GOP will shield the traitor Trump until the bitter end. #FlipCongress 2018
@JohnCornyn the mere fact that you're not concerned about Russian interference  in our elections is what people are 'Stunned' about. SHAME!
She stays "stunned" all the time anyway
These replies are sock puppets. Not even real ppl...look at follower counts and they all RT each other.
Mr. Cornyn, please stop trying to twist the story! Remember some of still take Justice seriously esp., under oath.
Please let us know when "not appropriate" becomes a crime.
Doesn't it disturb you more that he compromised a former colleague with his Russian friends? He wanted you to work for him? Trust him?
Y Comey whistler-blower? Cuz trump is a known/proven liar
A private citizen 'releasing' non-classified recollections is not 'leaking'. Countless authors have done it in books & interviews. #Trump
But the President smearing Comey is?
Comey wasn't employed by the FBI and the memo wasn't confidential. Is that hard to understand?
It's called "illegal", not just "inappropriate. 18 U.S. Code § 641 - Public money, property or records. It says "whoever", not "former".
@SenatorCollins I am a Democrat, however I respect you very much, even if I don't agree you have to see this is Treason
Even more "stunning" is his being put in that situation in the 1st place- you Republicans don't seem to mind crime, just the reporting of it

Great job misrepresenting what Susan Collins said.
It WASNT classified and he was a PRIVTATE citizen. Now about Trump leaking Intel to Russian spies.....
As is now usual for GOP now, words out of context...... Will be good to see the young people take over from creepy dinosaurs like you, sir.
But your President said it wasn't factual, so why is it a leak?  Can you "leak" fiction?
@SenatorCollins  and @JohnCornyn  are apparently now COMPLICIT in  #TREASON. Comey is a H.E.R.O.
One word: Texas
Nothing was CLASSIFIED! It's not a leak!
Stop lying to America!
She has definitely lost me now.  Has she made any statements to the effect of how "stunned" she is over the joke that is DT?
WHY ARE YOU LIAR??? Why don't you WATCH the interview with Susan Collins? This is cherry picked and out of context.
Do any of you trump minions and defenders of corruption understand That James Comey was a PRIVATE, UNEMPLOYED, CITIZEN?
Cofidential memos are not leaked...if I write and there are no classified issues, I'll release it when I desire...
Pres embarassment is not a security level
How can it be a leak when it's not classified secret or even confidential.
No longer worked for the FBI, nothing classified. It's not a "leak." Complicit Collins is just a sad woman.
This was not classified and was his own memo to himself- you GOP's are trying to turn this on Comey instead of Liar in Chief
Nice to know you stand strong behind the @FBI. I've never seen this much cop bashing in my life. Defend the @POTUS if you can,  bashing 
Nice to know you stand strong behind the @FBI. I've never seen this much cop bashing in my life. Defend the @POTUS if you can, not cops
So much for @GOP standing for law and order @FBI #US
Shut up and act like an #American
How do you feel about president obstruction of investigation? Seems that is okay with you!
Hey, does trump and the GOP care that Russia meddles in our democracy?
Well thanks to 2017 nothing anyone in this government does is appropriate.
Sitting quietly on your asses in Congress while Trump disgraces the country is whats not appropriate
Cornyn you are a fascist and hold nothing dear in the Costitution. All you want with your fellow R anarchists is to get power and keep it.
Well John, I know you have to play the game, but it's sort of foolish to blame Comey for anything at this point, and I hope you know that.
Stunned about what?? Trump already talked about it on TV! How about being stunned by the Traitor and crook in the White House! @corby
Loser dems sad Russia collusion bullshit has blown up
Stunned that he leaked his own memo?  You better look into that.  When knocked unconscious, hard to process things clearly.
Not sure who is more embarrassing -- Cornyn or Cruz. I didn't vote for either
There is no way in hell you should be a Senator. You belong in the cast of a Will Farrell movie. DO YOUR JOB!!!
But #cowardlyGOP not stunned by #RussianHacking #trumplies #sellingoutamerica ignoring #EmolumentsClause #trumptraitors or #treason ?
Start packing....you are out in 2018
Please stop mischaracterizing the act of a whistleblower. Trump is a danger to our democracy.  Investigate Russian ties!
@SenatorCollins Comey not "leaking." Asked for assistance in sharing personal recollection of conversation Trump already publicly disclosed.
What was not appropriate about it? It was his own memo. Try again. Nothing inappropriate.  Some of you Republicans are not real smart.
How is handing over personal memos after he was fired inappropriate? @realDonaldTrump giving highly classified information to RUSSIANS ISNT?
Why?
Not appropriate for Trump's survival of his presidency but appropriate for the survival of America
Do the two of you really not know what is confidential? Are you saying you would conceal POTUS crimes & violate your oath of office?
Susan Collins is so useless
Comey's actions fit within bounds of whistleblowing. Are you mad the public knows about this obstruction of justice?
Not sure what stuns y'all. As another Obamian holdover & unofficial Hillary campaign leader how did you NOT think he'd play games like this?
Cornyns like the person who blames the rape victim for what she wore instead of the rapist who committed the crime.
Not classified information. Plus he's welcome to fight against Trump’s disinformation campaign.
Watched you question Comey. Your aim was to discredit only. See it here again w/ your tweets.
I'd rather be a "leaker" than a bed-wetter like you and your butt buddy Trump
Susan Collins is a wishy-washy Repub who's time is up. Retire into obscurity Ms Collins.
Not a leak when you have a right to share. You should know that. I believe you do know that but are a party toady.
shouldn't you be more "stunned" the (so-called) President wanted a pledge of loyalty from the FBI director?
Shouldn't you be more "stunned" that an acting FBI director thought Trump was such a pathological liar he felt he had to keep memos?
this is just plain stupid and all politics!
'Stunned' constituents wondering when you will place America and Texas before party and Russia. You're being disgusting with these lies.
Isn't "leaking".
At the very least, wait for a solid legal declaration on this.  
The documents were personal & unclassified.
Shame on you!
It's impossible for a Trump satellite to be stunned. #notaleak.
He was no longer Director, the memos were not classified, not confidential by any definition, POTUS didn't invoke executive privilege. Liar!
Hi John. You get that he wasn't leaking anything confidential, right? You seem smart enough.
That's because Susan is an amoral dupe searching desperately for a way to comply with McConnell's order to stonewall investigations.
Check the timeline!
Personal notes from a private citizen at that point. How could you be troubled? Aren't you troubled by the President's behavior thus far?
You are an embarrassment and traitor to pull a hood over your head with the toxic nature Trump has brought to our country. Look for truth
The "president" who conspires with Putin to overthrow democracy ALSO fires the patriots who try to stop him and @SenatorCollins is what? 
So disappointed that THIS nothingburger is what Collins finds "inappropriate." Seriously? And here I thought she was actually reasonable...
you're just mad Comey out maneuvered you, Trump and your boss Putin. 2018 can't come soon enough!
Stunned, troubled that sens. Cornyn, Collins think private citizens can't divulge contents of convos that POTUS has publicly discussed.
Quit telling lies
Washington Examiner?  Haha. Ok. 
From your background, you know damn well what is lawful and what isn't & you are on the side of a criminal.
You know what is even more stunning? Kicking millions of Americans off of their insurance so you can make the rich even richer. Shame on you
Not against the law?  Or you couldn't find any worse to say?
They are missing the point. If Comey didn't think this was really a problem, why would he have told so many people?
Yeah that they are stunned by this and not 45s actions is what is truly STUNNING.
Senator - you are an embarrassment in every conceivable way even when factoring in that you're from TX.
Same as if I gave my neighbor a note to give to the press.  Comey was not a government employee at the time. Not classified or confidential
Not confidential because Trump already tweeted about it.
"Stunned" that as my senator you don't understand that he was a private citizen with unclassified memo. Not appropriate. Focus. Learn FACTS.
You worry about (probably legal) leaks but not what they contain?  THE FRIGGING RUSSIANS  MANIPULATED OUR ELECTION!!!  Do your job!
If you took the pole the repubs shoved up Collin's ass, she crumple like an invertebrate. Maine deserves better.
You do realize that I'm saving every tweet to B used against U at election time, right??
U didn't listen to the reason why!
I think you are just afraid of the dirt they have on you, to be released 
Memos werent confidential. You & rest of  GOP are spineless hypocrites in face of the real threat - Trump Stop trying to intimidate witness.
Get your facts straight b4 u tweet. He was a private citizen sharing a personal recollection, wasn't classified/confidential. 1st Amendment!
You missed where is was asked to pledge loyalty, or let Flynn go? OR, that he was FIRED for #RussiaInvestigation? Or the @POTUS LIED?
Comey is playing you like a fiddle
Private memo, not a leak. Time to bone up on your legalize. Don't they have lawyers in Texas?
I think Russians picking our elected leaders is worse, abd you Gop types are complicit. Comey is a patriot. You're a traitor in training.
Hey, does the GOP care that Russia is meddling in our countries democracy or millions will loose healthcare or just a civilian's memo
The GOP is complicit
Their his thoughts nothing classified hear.
Just stop lying. That info was not confidential & you know it. This is why no one can trust GOP   You lack decency but Cry moral authority.

Is that ALL you get from Comey's testimony? How about RUSSIA being a CONSTANT and FUTURE threat to the USA?
Are you really that much of an ass? They were personal memos and he was wrongly fired. #impeachtrump
You will defend trump until the end, even if he did shoot someone on 5th Ave. "Stunned" is my reaction to every R who WON'T see the truth
and back to party lines, eh Susan?
All the GOP have turned their back on this country to protect a horrible man. You place party first. Hope you are all voted out in 2018z
Also to @SenatorCollins - Comey was a private citizen & there was nothing "classified" abt what he had "leaked." PS- Russia > leaks!
Move along people, nothing to leak here.

Besides trump said Comey was lying so I guess he didn't leak anything
The stunned part is accurate
#Texas I'm fairly certain you can do better than Cornyn.
He was well within his rights to leak his own memo. Maybe you need to focus on Trump's highly in appropriate behavior first.
Looking for your tweet calling out pussy grabbing as inappropriate. Did I miss that one?
POTUS interfering in FBI investigation- not appropriate.
If you are suppose to be our elected leader in the senate, then why do you say  such stupid things?
