More fake news!
What are you calling "illegal" John?  Wrong address, wrong polling place OR (as you want us to think) vast illegal immigrants?  Get specific
Better to check on Georgia 6 Special election. I'm sure there were many illegal votes bc that's how Dems roll. If u can't win legally, cheat
Any statement about GOP illegally supressing minority votes? No positive platform so lies and theft of votes. Shame. Town Hall. Now.
I'm your constituent and I'm far more concerned with the rampant unfair gerrymandering your party is doing in our state. Stop the hypocrisy!
Were those ballots counted or simply provisional that were caught and not counted? Town Hall John? #TrumpRussia #TrumpRussiaCoverUp
Oooooo 508 illegal votes. Changed the election results?
When the history is written about Trump and the GOP, it will be that they sold US foreign policy for cash.
Not seeing that happen.I did See Obama giving Terrorist Countries Trillions of Dollors because he was afraid to stands up to them.#Traitor!
Wow! 508!?!? So where's the voter fraud mass investigation Trump promised?? Oh, that's right. Same place as the rest of his promises.....
In Wake County 1 of 3 people alleged to be felons was only recently convicted. 2 other alleged felons were identified as the wrong people.
And how 'bout that gerrymandering in our home state??
We could discuss N Carolina election at a TEXAS #townhall.   You know,  the state that you should be concerned about
the thing is....watering down our vote.  Citizens of USA have right to vote - not citizens do not.
And they were found out. See no problem. Russian interference is the real problem. Why not push investigation into that?
What about the gerrymandering in Texas and the voter discrimination?
That was just 1 of their elections, one has to wonder, how many of NC's elections have this kind of voter fraud
How many voted for Trump not knowing about FBI investigation??? Stop changing subject, do your job for Texas voters concerned about treason.
My god but the @GOP & DJT cannot let the election go, no matter how trivial a story is produced....but investigate #Trumprussia? Hell No
No, 508 votes were suspected to be cast illegaly: the actual number is almost certainly much smaller. Don't mislead please
Nothing compares to the traitor GOP the is okay with Russia/Trump, Trump not releasing his income tax, you will be replaced soon enough.

How embarrassing for you if they turn out to be Russian spies.
Holy cow, 508?!!! Earthshaking drama. Really swings your views, doesn't it?  YOURE A SENATOR?
#corruptGOP #trumprussia
Genius, how will a voter ID prevent active felons from voting?
The point? Current voter laws do catch fraud. Still waiting on proof of 6,000 illegal votes DT lies about. Pass a law to make DT tell truth.
In case you haven't noticed Cornyn no one is buying any of your ridiculous, corrupt, Trump and self serving, fascist b.s.
One is too many
Lookie here!!! Illegal voting!!! Never mind the fact that gerrymandering is done almost everywhere else. Also, hold a #TownHall
These are all VERY interesting and thought provoking tweets...your CONSTITUENCY would enjoy discussing them in PERSON with you...how bout it
He already met with supporters. Did u miss it, or are you not a supporter?
Bah humbug, it's not the 3 to 5 million touted by $45, 
Not relevant, esp w/shut down looming. No wall, no healthcare loss, no brinksmanship!
It would be nice to discuss this with u. How about a townhall with ur constituents instead of so many tweets.
That's .01% of the NC votes cast. - Shame on you for pretending voter fraud is a major issue, Sir. This is the real #fakenews.
S0, who did they vote for?
Yeah those Republicans will stoop to any low to win. Gerrymandering. Illegal voting. Just like that R woman who was recently convicted in tx
Lies
How is it that a city like Austin has 5 representatives, 4 of which r Republican?  Gerrymandering much?The GOP wrote the book on illegality.
That's an alt-fact source, you know
Republican votes
In our state capitol City of Austin 29% of families live in High Poverty. Worry about that and do something about it
Can you please explain how suppressive Voter ID laws would solve this HUGE (.0001% I believe) problem?
I assume you tweeted this to show how unnecessary voter id laws are because illegal voting almost never happens?
Certainly they all voted Republican!
"State officials said the illegal votes did not affect the outcome of any race."
Only 2,999,999,492 to go
You: 1290 days
Cruz:  562 days

TICK-TOCK,  TICK-TOCK.
1) amazing no mail-in/absentee fraud detected?
2) Voter ID laws would have prevented none of this.
So like a fraction of one percent of the total vote? Get a grip. Oh and the illegal votes appear to be mostly for Trump. Go figure.
Even if you multiply this by 50 25,000 nationwide which made no difference in races is a far reach to 3 - 5 mil plus NC has a very LOW BAR
Good question here
This represents .0001% of the NC vote. How much are fiscal conservatives willing to spend to "fix" it? https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/855578261878849536 …
How many illegal Russian votes?
how many did Texas see?  How many Texans were discouraged from voting?  How are Texas voting lines drawn?
GERRYMANDERING is the real crime in Texas and you don't care. Judge after judge tells you this, but no one fixes it!
And they probably Republicans!  I know how your party likes to gerrymander, and interfere in elections.

Wasn't @realDonaldTrump going to investigate voter fraud in the first 90 days? Whatever happened to that? Can't find those 3-5 mil?
Ooooh scary! But let's disenfranchise thousands to skew the results our way.

#BREAKING: Federal court finds "discriminatory intent" in Texas voter ID law http://hill.cm/IUKmn06  
*gasp* The conspiracy!!! The article would have been more interesting if it had been able to see WHO those illegal votes were for. Guesses?
Pretty small number given the no. of registered voters. I'm more concerned about voters with missing registrations:
Not really pertinent to Texas, tho.
"Most of the 508 voters were active felons at the time of the election..."

Voter ID laws dont solve this. Why disenfranchise felons anyway?
Maybe all those transgender people you fear; vote once as a man and once as a women.  No wonder you want to discriminate against them.
Since U rep TX, focus on 2 fed court rulungs that GOP gerrymandering in TX deliberately reduced vote by how many? 
>508 were harmed by GOP!
Cool but irrelevant stat. It does remind me of the 3  I've cast since '02 for you ( @JohnCornyn) that I wish I could take back #Trumprussia
How could illegals vote this is America ,illegals most not vote it is against the law,we most gather up these illegals n re-educate them
These were felons that voted... hmmm... wonder who they cast a vote for?
Votes for whom?
Stop looking for reasons to squash voting rights. Hear ALL our voices. Encourage MORE access to voting, online voting, same day registration
Okay, this is pathetic. Convicts and multiple ballots do not equal illegals or identity theft. Gerrymandering and Voter suppression is worse
There you go, insulting your constituents again. Let's talk about gerrymandering, in person at a town hall Senator.
508 of 1400000 is 0.03% & most were felons-not undocumented immigrants! How many eligible voters blocked or removed?
Crazy! Where are the other 4,999,492?
Is your point that NC's voter registry is a mess? Cos that's really the only remotely reasonable conclusion one can draw here.
Finally some hard evidence that Trump is an ignorant liar and that worrying about voter fraud is a waste of time. Thanks!
Washington Examiner, really John? Stop binging on the nut news and focus on the facts.
3m+ to go and POTUS and the know nothing DC pols will have been proven correct
@JoeNBC @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump   What is it with "R's" and Math?  508 votes out of 4.4 million votes cast is .02%.  Most ....
Mfrs would love to have a defect rate that low.  Seriously, you need to lay off whatever you are using.
You must have a hard time breathing with your head up @realDonaldTrump arse
Release trumps taxes
#recallPrezElection#russia#russia#russia
They were mostly felons. They already have a history of breaking the law so why are you surprised.
Clean up the voter registration books! Need proof of citizenship & VOTER ID cards!
Almost up to 3 million, keep up the good work John!
Hey John! You know what - I have heard rumors that perhaps the Russians had some illegal activities in the 2016 election...
Sessions needs to look into the mass vote fraud that occurred in Nevada last year.  Almost 10 k returned mailers in a state senate district.
Ooooooooo then that confirms it.......there were "millions" of illegal votes in the last election! Good god man, u r SO embarrassing urself!
Those are just the ones that are known. There are undoubtably thousands more and they are probably all illegally cast for and by democrats.
Out of how many? And have you told in tweets people caught in Ft Worth who were 45 voters? Or is exposing cheating on the right a no go?
Can we talk about GOP illegally gerrymandering and denying people the right to vote?
If it were 500,000 that might be newsworthy. The REAL issue is voter SUPPRESSION, not voter fraud!!!!!
Your link tried to give my phone malware. Just FYI. That tells me the source is unreliable.
Also, there's this. So like. Check your sources. Seriously.

Voting Machine Mega Thread
It's the most important issue in order
to take things back in 2018
The Voting Machines and Systems are broken.
where are the stats about how many legal votes Texas districts prevented by discriminating minorities? Asking for a friend
Coming from a man who supports voter suppression .518 votes stole from Trump is your worry Russia made up for it
VoterID is not voter suppression, illegal votes are.
"The State Board of Elections report said the 508 cases — the vast majority active felons — represented a small fraction of the 4.8 million"
Yeah, and they probably voted for tRump.
Wow.  Re-vote?
Do you have any positive ideas on how to get all eligible voters to the polls or are you just into limiting the voter franchise?
Illegal voting in NC? Will you please move there and handle it? After that check on the cross checking in the battleground states. Thanks
How many in tejas?
Do you also support #Trump's claims of voter fraud against Glenfiddich for naming Michael Forbes Top Scot in 2012?
What are those Texas numbers?  Better yet, how many votes did you suppress?
I assume you think they were all for Hillary. 508 is soooo close to 3 to 5 million btw. Stop trying to justify Trumps lies. RNC is pathetic
If you admit to 508 that means there was twenty times more reality!
Speaking of #'s..Cruz's poll numbers prove that #Trump is gonna be more toxic to TX GOP than Clayton Williams, & ya know how that went.
My Dad almost lost his life protecting  freedom, including the right 2 vote!   Y take away freedom by political means so many gave lives for
Tip of the iceberg.
How 'bout those 4 court decisions in Texas lately though!But yes,I can see how voter suppression matters to you.
Nothing compared to the illegal gerrymandering in Texas.  What are you doing about that?

Trending #BuildTheWall from @FAIRImmigration Mexico to help deported 'Dreamer' win back 'right' to be in US http://www.washingtonexaminer.com/article/2620788  
Some felons voted illegally, and 24 people voted twice
Nothing about millions of non-citizens voting, or voting as other people. But you knew that nobody would read the article, yes?
And you can oh-so-cute pretend 'oh, I never said it was illegal immigrants voting, I just said illegal votes!'
I do congratulate you on your refinement of the dog whistle. But you should be ashamed of it, and you're hurting Texas and America.
Please stop tweeting. You do not have any original thoughts.
For the love of God Johnny, Do, be, act relavant, please. Your an embarrassment to the USA, to Texas, and to the male species. Just go home!
.0001% voted "illegally" wow that sounds like a major problem!
Excuse me, you're in league w/ someone who claimed 3-5 million did, and then he provided zero evidence. Get outta here.
Only got 4,999,492 left to find!
Illegal votes will increase if they don't implement better guidelines.
And not a single one would be affected by your precious ID laws. Either focus on REAL voting reform or move on to something that matters
And how many votes were blocked by Republican race-based ID laws? Many, many more, I'd bet.
Tell us about it at a town hall!
Hi- R u ok?My knowledge  on your mumptastic is vague?? Tell me more??-I have glasses. Ur wearing glasses.
Did I miss your post about gerrymandering in Texas? You know, where your party was intended to benefit?
How many suppressed votes?
