Whoa! https://www.gfdl.noaa.gov/global-warming-and-hurricanes/ …
Oh and this research applies to other large oceanic bodies of water when I get the inevitable...
Prayers
tfw you realize that maybe the executive branch of the federal government should have a coherent leader.
But you're not going to take disaster recovery funds, right? In line w your vote against Sandy recovery? Bc that would make you a #hypocrite
Remember those no votes on Sandy relief? We sure as hell do.
Zero damn cents of Harvey relief to Texas until they vote our all climate change deniers!
Anything to say about our cowardly presidents announcements or does your continued support of him reveal your true self? Impeach!!
Dude!
And your party was against funding for hurricane relief

Are you completely unhinged? That's your response?
Suspend immigration enforcement during the hurricane and relief efforts. Don't endanger people's lives. Where is your compassion?
Does this mean "god" is punishing Texas ?
Gay haters and women rights deniers got some wet hello from their god
global climate change is real.  Deal with it.
That's Murkowski destroying your majority
There are people confused on what to do. Should live stream with info. Please.
man it's a good thing Texas isn't represented by a bunch of climate change denying buffoons. Oh wait...
Come help with the sand bags.
.@JohnCornyn  SO, DO YOU #BELIEVE IN #GLOBALWARMING #CLIMATECHANGE (ETC) YET, #TEXAS #SENATOR #JOHNCORNYN? THIS IS HOW #FOSSILFUELS = #DEATH
Kinda like like this  GOP President seven months of service. Remove the GOP in the next election
Look at all that science that helped protect people and gave them warning to evacuate....
Great leadership, John.
Whoa? Hello, where have you been?
How's that global warming denial feeling now?
#Harvey has more support than you, and will be less destructive to #Texas than your racist policies.
Whoa? This is the best you can say to your constituents? Gee, thanks for the comfort. Take a leadership lesson from Ed Emmett.
"Whoa!"  That's what I said when you voted against disaster relief funds.
Aren't you glad you voted against federal relief for the victims of Hurricane Sandy?   So TX wiil not ask for federal aid --- right?????
Whoa???  You stopping your horse to watch?
you voted against aid for hurricane Sandy victims
Is that what you say to Jackass Donald? Guess what, your own a** is being examined too! #TwoDCProctologyPatients
We Texans should thank God that Obama's FEMA  budget is in effect for hurricane Harvey, & not Trump's proposal to cut FEMA's budget by 11%
Voting for funding although you voted against funding for Hurricane Sandy #SHAMEONYOU
Remember when you objected to sending relief to NJ after Sandy? How's that vote feeling now? Yes, people remember douche bags
Do you understand that THIS is a result of Climate Change??? Look beyond your wallet & your lunch to help our planet. It's doable.
Two words, troglodyte:  CLIMATE CHANGE.

Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/zwM9ZAt  
Good luck. Lord, Republicans have a very limited and clueless vocabulary.

What ticks me off is the tone deaf nature of the reaction /1
"They were told to evacuate! Evacuation is easy. Just hop in your Land Rover and drive to your summer home." /2
No real idea of the impact on the people, esp the poor. Talk about elitist. /3
Fixed it for you.
Scientists predicted this you know.

Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/zwM9ZAt  
Whoa, you're a giant DICK!
Texas senators who voted against aid for Hurricane Sandy ask for federal assistance ahead of Hurricane Harvey http://hill.cm/3Q6r3RK  

Just remember that climate change is a hoax and this hurricane is because of gay marriage. https://twitter.com/johncornyn/status/901177729399361541 …
Federal funding for this disaster MUST BE OFFSET. What are you gonna give up, Johnny?
Great post. Really useful.
Senator, hope the people of TX stay safe. This is a huge one.
Your best friend trump said "good luck" to Texas today. Won't release emergency funds. 

Great friend you have there, johnny boy....
Stll feel that vote against aid after Sandy was right thing to do? Now you want money for TX before it even hits. You're a partisan hack!
Climate change!
About your Super Storm Sandy vote...
What was that vote on Hurricane Sandy funds again?
That is all you have to say? How about Good Luck Everyone! YOU are on your OWN!
@suzi_sosa  Stay safe!!

Texans don't deserve federal funds when we were so delighted to see folks on the east coast suffer. We are filthy hypocrites.
People used that word for Super Storm Sandy too.
You know the "best words" asshole!
Yup. I live in Texas. My family has lived here for almost 50 yrs. U voted against aid to victims of hurr. Sandy. Take care of Texans .
Texans don't deserve federal funds when we were so delighted to see people on the east coast suffer. You sir, are a hypocrite.
I've been in Dallas for seven years. Texans do rebuild, unlike Detroit (home town), Chicago, Baltimore, etc.. Your comments are pretty bad
Climate Change
Prayers
Might interfere with your Breitbart reading and retweeting 'eh, Sen.?
Gee - CLIMATE CHANGE IS REAL!!!
It's coming for you hopefully!!
"Good luck to you. You're gonna be safe."
very inspiring
This is a weird, immature and unstatesman like response to a potential tragedy. So tired of shaking my head at your reactions these days.
You really might be the worst senator - and that's saying something.
Let's remind everyone that Texas voted against Sandy Hook repair funding...

Just sayin'
Bold leadership
That's all you can come up with? You're as bad as Trump. You're a senator from Texas -- how about something useful for your constituents?
How.... inspiring...
Remember when you voted AGAINST Sandy relief?

G F Y
Please Retire.
Texas strong.
Yes, GODS way of punishing you for bigotry, racism

Hope you will treat Texas like you did #sandy
What amazing leadership.
BTW,   didn't you vote against a relief package  after hurricane sandy?  yes you did.
By the way the @POTUS said to Texans in the way of Harvey..."good luck"! But keep supporting him.  Sad!
The last thing we need is your buddy Donnie coming to Texas. #CowardlyCornyn we want #TownHall
Right up there with "good luck"!
Sad!

Churchillian.
Is that quote from Daniel Webster or Henry Clay? I can't recall.
Are you serious?? Whoa‽ Who are you, @JohnCornyn?

Actually wrong again @JohnCornyn ! Stopping will cause more concentrated rainfall. Better to move inland continuously until it dies. Science
You're an embarrassment.
Hey you voted against Sandy aid. My Senators and Rep will have way more class and vote to help folks in Texas. Watch and learn.
NOW do you believe in climate change???
Reminder that Trump still hasn't installed NOAA or DHS leaders which oversee FEMA.
Great tweet when hundreds of thousands of people are in a path of a category 3 hurricane
Are you fucking kidding me?? THATS THE BEST RESPONSE YOU'VE GOT??
You denied funding for Sandy! Karma #HurricanHarvey
How inspiring and dripping with gravitas.

Bonehead.
Good luck to everyone impacted by this storm.
Eloquent as usual, senator.
All has is thoughts and prayers.  Then nothing.
Thats some climate changing for your ass huh
Equally useful:  dang!
You pay attn to a weather map/predictions but not climate scientists? 
What happened to "Hoax"?
Whoa?
Did you just wake up now?
Gold
Hey, Cornyn, how's it going to feel the day after the hurricane when your bff Trump replies: "That's too bad."
I'm sure your constituents feel really good about you right now.
Senator, how do you feel about those FEMA cuts?
Oops.
Inspiring message for all Texans.
Heading into hurricane season, and Trump spends his time holding rallies with Cornyn's support, instead of filling important gov't positions
Yeah, I wish John Kasich was president too
No worries, fed govt has your back Texas...wait, what?  They're on their own?  Oh, well, then, Whoa!
Oh, no...they've already got funds stamped Pre-Approved from local, state and federal lined up. He's a hypocrit like Trump. 2020 ticktock
No comment. May God save you
Consider #WeatherManipulation by #GeoEngineering that goes on 24/7... 

https://youtu.be/FlNpLJSgPGM 
Do you think your east coast colleagues will vote for Hurricane Harvey funds for Texas after you voted no for Hurricane Sandy funding. Karma
Just take the rest of the year off John.  If you guys were in DC like you should be, you could avoid it.
What are you worried about Science Denier? #HurricaineHarvey
Good thing that FEMA cut you wanted didnt go through
Gee thanks, Senator!
Good to see we get similar levels of support from the highest levels
Reporter: "Do you have a message for the people of Texas?" 

Trump: "Good luck to everybody." 

…
And our governor is being even less helpful
NEW: Harris County Judge just called @GovAbbott asking guv to tell Houstonians to listen to them, not him. https://interactives.dallasnews.com/2017/hurricane-harvey-live-coverage/#stream/post/1196/ … #txlege 
This is the equivalent of "good luck, everyone!"
Well aren't you eloquent...
We would really love a townhall in Houston! Will you be here to help and hand out supplies? Will the Feds be here to help us?
Of course they will be there for an hr or two for photo opps!
Light drizzle in austin.
Great leadership, Senator.
Whoa? what are you fucking Neo from the Matrix?
"Good luck." - Donald Trump
Whoa, seems like a good time to have the Administrator of the NOAA to help out
Good luck, John!
reminder: 2 Republican Texas senators and 8 Republican Texas Representatives voted NO on relief for Hurricane Sandy victims. #Harvey
I'm sure your constituents in the storms path said the same thing when they saw your inspiring tweet.
Remember how you wanted cuts to give the NE money after sandy? We do!
Cornyn's got the best words too. Btw, where is he?
Weekend bunker time came early for Cornyn this week.
Please buckle your bbq grills, make sure beers are in upright positions, and hold on tight.
What are you doing to protect against loss of life?  According to your Austin office, nothing.
Border Patrol keeping checkpoints open during #HurricaneHarvey. https://www.texastribune.org/2017/08/24/border-patrol-texas-checkpoints-remain-open-hurricane-harvey/ … Meanwhile, dozens of colonias are in path of storm. 
if only there was a head of FEMA....
Brock Long was confirmed in June. Follow him here: @FEMA_Brock
His position on global warming is very disappointing, but not surprising for this flat earth administration.
Meh It's a red state "good luck"
Very helpful
Hold on John it's gonna be a bumpy ride!
Aren't you articulate? 
So you will expect recovery funding when you tried to deny it for the Northeast after Sandy?
Helpful.
"Good luck to everybody" - GOP
Good thing we have a FEMA director to direct the disaster response....oh...whoa.
Brock Long @FEMA_Brock was confirmed in June.
A simple google search usually helps with that
Wonder if you have any opinions on the duty of the federal government to assist with emergency relief?
Solid analysis, Senator. Hope you're prepping the cleanest relief bill ever created so you don't look like a giant hypocrite.
#samescientistswhopredictglobalwarming
Tell Donald Trump to stay away, just write the check and put it in the mail
Hahahaha! Asking my Senators and Rep. to vote NO on any emergency funding for Texas. Pull yourself up by your waders.
You're a big help
A town hall with hurricane evacuees would be good for you sir.
#CowardlyCornyn hold #TownHall   Why are you unwilling to face the very people that you are supposed to represent?
¡Ay Cabron!
Remember when you voted against Hurricane Sandy relief?
I had to look it up and you are right he did vote no. Not all Texans are hypocrites.
That's the best you got?! How about Holy Shit???!!!
Worse than Sandy -- you know, the one you wouldn't vote emergency relief for? Wish our Senators would return the favor, but probably won't.
Not the reaction you want from a senator
tfw u realize keanu reeves is your representation in the senate
Betcha take federal funds for this one, huh?
Of course they always do.
Good luck!

Border Patrol keeping checkpoints open during #HurricaneHarvey. https://www.texastribune.org/2017/08/24/border-patrol-texas-checkpoints-remain-open-hurricane-harvey/ … Meanwhile, dozens of colonias are in path of storm. 
Whoa indeed, Senator
Come to Laredo Senator and I'll make a Carne Asada and watch this thing roll in.
"Yates effortlessly schooled Cruz & Cornyn in each Senator's line of questioning, making both Texas Senators look woefully incompetent."
- quote from the Ministry of Truth
You mean holy shit huh?
How's your cushy home up in DC doing?
"BURN" he says smugly to an otherwise cringeworthy jest
be safe senator
I'm sure he's fine at his place in DC..
