you are not getting re-elected. I have a few thousand women that can testify to that.
Read the book "Dark Money" he is so corrupt! Him and his dealings with the Koch Brothers!
this is another one of Trump's corrupt nominees. You and your party have lost all honor. Party over Country. Shameful.
How about a town hall?
is poised to continue kissing the rump of @POTUS and laughing all the way to the bank
You cowards vote late at night so you don't have to listen to arguments against your vote.
under the cloak of night did the fascists gather their minions. #CornynFailedTexas
Vote NO! #answeryourphone #lchuddle
when will you meet with your constituents? Schedule a town hall.
late/early/during Super Bowl...just to avoid your fabricated "campaign by the establishment" I'm NOT that @indivisibleATX BOO!
do the right thing! But I'm sure you won't.
Oh but you, who has never done any job as hard as Senator Cornyn has done, have all the answers. Right....
I don't think answering voicemails and responding to constituents is that difficult.
in the dark of night is when evil men perpetuate evil.  #DoYourJob as elected Senator of Texans!  Standup to @POTUS for Texas
nothing like a midnight vote for accountability & transparency.
PLEASE do the RIGHT thing and quit being complicit in this corrupt and incompetent administration's shenanigans.
Vote No on Price. The price is NOT right!
those nominees can't   stand light of day but neither can GOP senators.
#VoteNoPrice the Ethics part of this makes YOU just as dirty as he is! AND WILL BE VOTED OUT!
.@JohnCornyn As your constituent please protect our democracy and insist that 45 stop lying and insist he divest
Not excited to hear any more about 45's unlawful agenda roll out. TXn's won't forget your gloating.
Burning the midnight oil huh?! Working hard for your money...I'm here to tell you it doesn't look good. Represent us and listen!
votes party over people
vote against the guy who did insider trading. Really, even for you, it is not too much to ask
See how constituents are tired of the GOP ignoring them? When is your next townhall meeting scheduled?  http://www.politico.com/story/2017/02/jason-chaffetz-town-hall-234882 …
PLEASE, for love of all that is good, please (!!) do not confirm Price or Mnuchin. They don't have our best interests at heart.
Are you tired of voting for unqualified shills?  Take a nap!
Sen, can we have a comparison of late-night votes now vs. 2009- like how you compare the number of nominees confirmed now vs #44
Good. Let's get this over with so the POTUS & folks on Capitol Hill can get on with the People's business.
Why do you have to have late night votes?
I'd say vote "NO" but U do what U want based on who flashes $. After DeVos, I knew it was hopeless. U don't care about TX voters
NO ON TOM PRICE!!
Constituents still waiting to hear from you re those cabinet noms we do not want. Town halls?  #AnswerThePhone #ShePersisted
GOP has to do its dirty work late at night!
As soon as the payments are collected, the voting starts! Looking at you, @BetsyDeVos
keep moving the Trump cabinet picks...24/7 if needed.
Flynn discussed sanctions with Russian Ambassador. Did VP mislead  public for him? What a mess! Vetting process great so far!
Maybe you guys should have suggested a few more appropriate nominees to @realDonaldTrump. Might have kept it simpler.
why do you hide under the cover of darkness?  If you can't do it in public should you be doing it.  #Republicans #sad
I hope ur paying ur intern overtime for this c/p job.
Should we be voting on a cabinet for a president with an impending impeachment.
Don't look now but the Reichstag's on fire.
I wish the'd quit voting @ night bc they just keep approving them.,  
MayB thjey need 2 come out in2 the light
That is nothing to brag about.  #corrupt
Why do you hate girls/women and their health?
Listen to Nancy Reagan--Just say no.  
BTW, I'm a constituent and I'm MAD about your DeVos vote.
If I were in Washington (which I am not) I would bring all Republicans doughnuts with sprinkles
vote No on these 2 nominees!
The longer you remain silent regarding the trampling of American values, the more disgrace you bring to your office.
Why? You're just a rubber stamp. You refuse to do your job.
hey I have an idea! How about answering those voicemails and maybe listening to your constituents for a change! #answerthephone
@twright55 all bullshit! Dems have no say thank God. They screwed Americans long enough
You mean more blanket approvals of unqualified candidates, right?
Native Texan seeks trade: @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz for a bowl of lard with a hair in it, OBO.
I know someone who worked at TX State Law Library when you were AG. Said you were the WORST in returning late books #payyourfees
Would like questions answered about Price and stock deals.
you say that like it's a good thing.
Good! Get them confirmed!
@Donttellyournew At least they'll know where to find them when warrants are issued.
you take too many vacations you don't work hard enough
you should try working nine to five five days a week !
John, you are on recess week after next, but haven't scheduled a town hall, why??
are you going to represent us or your bank account.  Don't be a sell out, be a stand up man
is a total sellout and he won't be re-elected
I'm a constituent and I'm appalled at the lack of qualifications and ethics of the nominees & yet you vote for them. #cronyism
is poised to continue ignoring his constituents. #AnswerThePhone
late night-- appropriate. Like thieves stealing our rights and democracy.
Ignore the nasty Trolls Sen Cornyn! You know what to do, they are misguided!
pander, pander.  What do you stand for anymore?  You were an attorney, a judge.  Crickets on the administrations disrespect.
How about investigating FLYNN...
Y'all go ahead and approve a guy who could end up in prison for insider trading. Should work out well for you.
so much for "sunshine is the best disinfectant"
as long as they're not literally Baghdadi, right?
