it's time for u to do the right thing n put people over politics. IMPEACH TRUMP
Why don't you talk to @realDonaldTrump about leaking classified information, comrade?
https://twitter.com/truefactsstated/status/864238886561689603 … #TrumpMustGo
The single greatest threat to the National Security of the United States is its president.
#BuildTheWall Close the border Cornyn
If you're concerned about security, begin impeachment proceedings. #countrybeforeparty
Do u ever talk to ppl that have families on both sides?  What bout biz owners who work on border and serve and hire both sides?
Our country's biggest threat right now resides at the White House. Check your priorities, please!!!
Looks like you're trolling for the FBI job. You're spineless #traitorGOP
Totally unbelievable. I'm more worried about Trump blowing our national security. What is wrong with you people?  This is serious.
The biggest threat to our national security right now is sitting in the oval office. #DoYourJob
So when do you start talking national security over Trump's giving Israel's secrets to the Russians?  Or Obstruction of Justice over Comey?
No comment from you about Trump, Russia, Comey, Flynn, and Trump leaks to Russians?
Why don't you talk with us constituents??
#SleazyJohnCornyn
Because he doesn't want to tell us about his new amnesty bill which protects illegal immigrants and doesn't support building the wall.
You're a TRAITOR to the country AND to the party. Your immigration bill is garbage. BUILD THE WALL and enforce the law!
Why don't you talk to your Republican colleagues about drafting @POTUS articles of impeachment! We know you're in the can for the guy, tho
Gotta do something since you aren't interested in stopping your party's leader from giving classified intelligence to his Russian handlers.
SLAVE PATROLLER.
Is that border wall gonna keep Russia out? Oh wait, I forgot. Your boss, 45 has already sold us to Russia cause putin asked him to! #traitor
@JohnCornyn how about u talk Nat'l Security & stop enabling the idiot in the White House!  #independentProsecutor N-O-W!
Say it in Russian.
It's a shame P45, your Republican leader, is leaking Highly Classified info to U.S. enemy; putting our law enforcement in harm's way. Sad.
THIS is the security issue you are worried about today?  Your buddy Trump is more leaky than our southern border.
Sen Cornyn, Could you please discuss the security threat to our country coming from inside the WH Ov office?  @realDonaldTrump @POTUS
Did you tell the border patrol how your new amnesty bill betrays them, Texans, the American people and shows total disloyalty to Trump?
That guy in the painting in the background...is he wearing headphones?
Hope you talked about the futility of the wall idea and how to save lives by encouraging #immigrationreform & getting #ICERaids out of TX
Remember very few even want the fence!
We don't need border security with a President and GOP selling us out to Russia. FDR never told Germany that British had cracked their code.
We have a @WhiteHouse that needs some protection from #Putin, but don't trust the guy, Cornyn, with the Russian accent to do the job. or his
Country>>>Party (dumbed it down for you)
When do u plan 2 hold a #townhall & have a talk with us constituents here in TX? A LOT 2 discuss #impeach45 #RussianOperative #TrumpRussia
Why are you cozying up to Trump for FBI job? NOBODY GOOD gets picked by him? What does this tell us about you? #CountryOverParty
@JohnCornyn 's  next campaign slogan: ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Why is Trump admitting he gave #Russia our most sensitive secrets? Because he knows the Republican leadership WILL. DO. NOTHING.
what about building the wall on Texas/Mexico border???
While you're out and about, could you do impromptu town halls? I'd quit asking about them if you did your job.
Centuries ago we needed walls for security. In the 21st century we need information security. Support an independent Russia investigation!
While you're worried about infiltration from the south, the leader of YOUR party is colluding with Russia. Care to comment Senator?
If you cared about security @JohnCornyn you'd be demanding answers from @realDonaldTrump #leakerofthefreeworld - #IndependentInvestigation
Dems need to shut up. We have a Trump investigation. Reopen Clinton's & start one on Obama. Lets see who gets charges 1st w/o Comey blocking
Hard to focus on issues with the daily cluster in Oval Office.  Why is GOP silent on these security breaches (being nice here)???
David Brooks says But mentally, Trump is still a 7-year-old boy who is bouncing around the classroom. AND MORE THAT SHOULD SCARE YOU!
Your silence on Trump's lack of security awareness is deafening. He needs to go and be replaced by Pence. He's either a mole or incompetent.
He's an actual existential threat to our Republic's security, but you'd rather take a photo-op to show how tough you are on brown people.
I think there is a bigger security issue that needs your attention. #ImpeachTrump He is going down & so are all you Crooked Republicans
I don't give a crap about our border security with Mexico when the damn orange thing in WH is giving RUSSIANS classified info!!!
Russia
Is it true that you and Cruz are having a town hall in San Antonio on May 31?
Care to comment on WAPO story? Ready to admit 45 is unfit
Maybe you should talk to Trump about giving away classified intel to the Russians.
you are too partisan to be the director of the FBI! So forget about it, besides you wouldn't investigate Trump!
JohnCornyn @JohnCornyn
Leaking classified info is a crime that endangers American lives too
national security with the leak revealed from WH to Russia? R u kidding?! DO YOU JOB! Call for special prosecutor!
I'm absolutely sure he's proud of the traffickers, rapists, drug dealing, 4y/o arresting peeps he manages. I wouldn't admit knowing him.
Is any GOP going to stand up to @realDonaldTrump ? Beuler? Beuler?
Priorities?
Howany lies did you tell? Did you actually listen when he said a wall won't work?
Any new national security concerns today? 
Leaking classified info is a crime that endangers American lives too
Did this good man ask ya about @realdonaldtrump leaking highly classified info to the Russians? #independentinvestigation #TrumpRussia
Nothing else going on, eh? #RUSSIA. #POTUS. #GOPFAIL
Funny how @JohnCornyn doesn't say anything about the treason like behavior by @realDonaldTrump He's that desperate to be FBI chief.

Traitor
That's what you got today?
Security looks good in pictures just look at the Trump Russia visit. Big smiles and everything. The country needs better from you.
Can we talk about the security of our information internally?  As a constituent I am more concerned about national security leaks right now!
Any talks about Oval Office security? It's time to impeach. Constituent-78028
Why spend money building walls when your leader hands out highly classified information to your adversaries for free??
Hey let's talk classified info Trump leaked!
Why aren't you DEMANDING the Resignation of Donald Trump?!!? He leaked CLASSIFIED INTEL to the Russians!
and you have no proof. Idiot.
O! A name calling bot! Things MUST be hot.
LMAO you freaking bot obsessed liberals. Are you that brain dead??
LOL... meanwhile The Orange Toddler.
Good god man! Again, country is burning down & ur tweeting this crap! Grow a pair & try to help! trump must go!
Bless your heart. Time to step up & get an independent investigation into the whole Russia thing. Get with it or get gone.
#TownHall ???
Are you gearing up hoping to join #TeamTreason ? 
So I guess you’re taking the FBI gig. Not surprised.
Glad u are meeting with everyone except yr constituents! Do yr job or we find someone that will ! We will fight u heading the FBI !
How about talking about the REAL security threat - a President who blabs classified info to foreign nations?
What in the world is wrong with you? What planet do you live on? Do you really think you can just ignore this?
Screw off, traitor
But you cannot return phone calls, empty your voicemail, have town halls, care about your constituents.  You are useless.
Clever how you made it look like you're not being questioned by federal agents about your complicity in #TrumpTreason.
Be nice if you worried about real issues; you know, a traitor POTUS, health care for everyone, jobs. Stuff you obviously don't care about.
.@JohnCornyn Do you really think there's anyone or anything in Mexico that's a greater risk to our national security than the president?
Are you proposing bill to revoke Trump security clearance? Will you aid and abet the Russians or will you defend US and investigate?
Interviewing for Dir. FBI one day, conveniently ignoring the news of the day the next! #TrumpRussia
the danger isn't coming from the border, sir, it's coming from INSIDE THE WHITE HOUSE. 
Lolololololololol!!!!!!
He must appreciate that you don't give a sh*t about our national security
Heads up, Uncle Johnny. Trump is giving out classified info to Russians. DO SOMETHING.
Can you maybe talk to someone about the security of super classified intel in the hands of the @POTUS? More urgent than stupid wall. Thx!
you still aren't qualified to head the FBI
Business-as-usual isn't going to save you. Either the GOP helps take Trump down, or the GOP will fall with him. Your choice, dude.
Please do something about the travesty in Washington. Much worse than anything happening on the border
@JohnCornyn, clearly has his attentions on the pulse of the Nation & its citizens!!
What will you do about Trump's behavior regarding giving away classified intelligence from an ally ??? Where is the special prosecutor???
You're definitely not the man for the job #FakePatriot #KremlinKunt #PutinBitch #TrumpCuck
A real Patriot would excercise every power he had to remove the Kremlin Troll that is Trump and his cohorts you sir are a FAKE!!!
Any comment on massive security breach by @realDonaldTrump ?
Time to Impeach
You are worried about border patrols while Trump leaks highly classified info to Russians?  Either you are complicit or a patriot.  Which?
Why don't you worry about INTERNAL security and your president leaking classified info to the Russians, hmm?
So, kind of a slow night, huh?
Wake up!
You priorities do not align with Texas or the majority of Americans. We are all shaking our head at your silence.
We need protection from the trump administration.
We need to worry about Donald Trump he is giving out top secret Intel!  Impeach his ass and vote GOP out!  Texas is going to turn blue.
What will it take for you to make a public statement against the pres? We sink lower, and you tweet about Obamacare failing...?!
Any response to Trump telling Russia our nations secrets? You ok with this? I'm tired sir. Exhausted, actually. When will enough be enough?
Is that the border over which the president leaks classified info to Russians?
What would you know about national security? The president divulges classified intel to Russian spies while you sit by and do nothing.
We want an investigation into Russia. Why are you ignoring this? trump gave the Russians classified info and you ignore it?! Traitor!
Speaking of security John...you read that WaPo article? Any thoughts on how secure we are as a nation currently? #countrybeforeparty
By the time you pull your head out of your own ass, it may be too late. #DJT'S mouth is a #SecurityRisk. #CountryOverParty.
Stick the tele on dude, you're missing it! 
#wakeup#45outofcontrol
Trump shares classified information with Russians   How can you choose Trump over country?
Release trumps taxes to a special prosecutor
We are in crisis mode and you have been tweeting nonsense all day. Have you lost your mind? Seriously
#Trumprussia #TrumpTreason
Hey did you read the Washington post today John? You might want to brush up on the situation in the Oval Office clueless waste of space
If you were really serious about national security you'd be investigating #TrumpRussia.
Speaking of security, it's time for you to revoke Trump's security clearance & support independent investigation into Trump's ties to Russia
Revoke @realDonaldTrump's security clearance. He's a menace to us all.
Do your damn job and stop this Russian puppet of a president. 
How about the President giving classified info to Russia? Answer your phone. VM is full. Stand up to Trump. You look complicit. #Constituent
Ain't a whole lot of security in the WH. What are going to do about that? As FBI Director, what would you do? Continue to cover up?
Did you see where 45 is giving lessons to Yates, Comey, and Clapper how to not say,"I can't comment on that" on classified info
Border patrol ? When POTUS is declassifying top secret information directly to our ADVERSARIES! 
At least Mexico is our ally.
PRIORITIES!
Have you talked with anyone about national security, perhaps your fellow Senators? There are a few things to discuss today.
U r an embarrassment to this nation! Coward is to kind of a word.
Hypocrite.
So have you discussed security with your president since he doesn't seem to understand what it means?
Yo! Embarrassment to us Texans, wanna step up, listen to your constitutions and stop the atrocities going on in the white house??
Looking forward to your bill to revoke @realDonaldTrump security clearance
Anything interesting happen in the news today, sport?
and to think you are being considered from head of FBI. What a joke
You may want to pay a wee bit of attention to that addle-pated nincompoop you swore allegiance to for tax cuts.
When will you introduce a bill revoking Trump's security clearance??
Introducing a bill to take away trump's security clearance?
border security? our biggest threat both domestic and international is the orange incompetent jackass in the WH.
I know it's hard to tell by @FoxNews coverage, but you might wanna check the news and issue a statement #Trumprussia
Nosferatu!!!
Either do your job or resign. Trump is a traitor and so are you if you are complicit
Coward.
Will you stand by the Russian traitor still? What gives?
Why don't you talk to your peers about standing up for our Democracy and defending the Constitution
Hope he takes questions from the media, not like weak McMasters
- What if we up the security on border between Trump's mouth & Russia? Again, your tweets are tone-deaf!
You know you've got it made when your office has a portrait of Sam Houston and a private shitter #someday
Time to impeach Trump! We don't trust him. If you don't listen to America, we won't trust Republicans. @whitehouse @dnc
WALL, build it

Hey, your main guy (Trump) leaked classified information to the Russians when they visited. #TrumpRussia #WaPo
You're dangerous, insecure border is Trump's mouth.
You need to support the wall its time the people coming over now are not the same as 15 years ago.
Please stand up and do something about our government eroding from the inside out. #Trumprussia #IndependentInvestigation
He's part of that process. He could best help by resigning, so we can have a Senator who cares about country more than party.
Turn on those notifications on your phone, senator.
Now you need to talk getting us a special prosecutor to get rid of a traitor in the White House #ImpeachTrump
How about getting back to DC & demanding impeachment proceeding against Rump? Or are you in favor of giving classified intel to the Russians
Please tell me your trick to compartmentalizing. Because you are clearly the best at it. The president has committed treason dude.
I hope this Cracker @JohnCornyn winds up in jail with the rest of the GOP traitors. 

FBI is moving in>>>
Meanwhile, as if nothing else is going on in this country..,
Does he have authority to arrest Trump & put him in one of the nasty border prisons?  You need to release statement on WAPO story now!!!!
Why don't you stand up for national security and demand an #IndependentInvestigation of Russia interference?
But the Russians  in the Oval Office with no murican press?
Uh. You may wanna turn on the news.
This is below the fold kind of stuff right now Haus
ARE YOU NOT AWARE OF WHAT'S ON YOUR TV RIGHT NOW? Holy crap, Cornyn. What is wrong with you?
Why are you tweeting about ANYTHING other than Trump giving classified info to the Russians?
Because our US Senator is a Trump lapdog. He & the rest of the GOP continue to put party before the republic. We will vote them all out.
You watching the news any?
