Republicans have had over 6 yrs
Vote @JohnCornyn out, vote for @CollierForTexas
How much will repeal of ACA cost? Will Congress mandate CBO review long and short term conseqnces like nrml? & release findings?
and Trump's tax returns...?
LOL 6 years later, and ya got nothing.
GOP is using political theater to distract us. We don't buy it. -your constituent
GOP  not the theatre. Dems act crazy! Or you forgot Pelosi's famous "we'll pass OCare, then find out what's in it."
Work in progress implies collaboration. Hard to collaborate when it's hidden away in a basement somewhere @TX21Indivisible
when you're going to have town hall meetings IS a YUGE secret apparently. Guess you just can't face the music.
who knew healthcare was so complicated?  This had better be good! BTW #IndependentInvestigation now! We want total truth.
By
The reveal of #TrumpDontCare is imminent?
you had 6 years to figure it out. That's been the bane of GOP existence and yet no one and a solid plan? #seriously
If not a secret, then why is the GOP hiding the draft document?
Why isn't it being called TrumpCare if it's so great?
Can you explain why #Republicans would begin the repeal process before submitting a replacement plan for evaluation?
How many years have they had? I don't think we're silly to be skeptical.
I agree!  What took so long? Repubs complained forever about O-Care. But now we're all here, let's get on with it, PLEASE!
@GOP has been wanting to replace it since the beginning and it's still a "Work in progress"? I'll buy that for a dollar.
Repeal it NOW! Get OUT of our healthcare!!
THINK OF IT AS A TEST TO SEE HOW LONG THE HOUSE CAN KEEP A SECRET WITHOUT SOMEBODY LEAKING IT.
Is it going to be the best and cheapest for everyone like Trump said??? Or does it just involve prayer??
Even you haven't been allowed to see it.
Americans would rather have the new of a special prosecutor assigned to Trump's collusion with Russia. But you're a party man.
oh geezer , let me guess,. Junk insurance and age discrimination.
Why can't we see it now?
Will you or @tedcruz have any personal projects or funding written into this bill? And/Or will you designate spending in Texas?
GOP has had a generation to figure this out... if you were serious about healthcare, you would have presented your plan on day 1
you've made your obstruction, and that time is over, so you have no place in politics any more. #texas is ready for new senators
O Chuck, U R sumthin. Or U R not paying attention.  Obstruction is not Repubs its your kids the Dems. Pay attention!
I just read the document from Ways & Means. It certainly doesn't live up to the President's promises. Back to the drawing board!
do not take away ACA! Focus on @realDonaldTrump and his craziness!
You couldn't have figured this out over the last 8 years? Get ready for private life. Golf, tennis, or whatever makes you happy.
Just like the guy that doesn't bring his wife 2 the Christmas party b/c he is ashamed of her.  You guys are ashamed of ur plan
yes, that’s why they used police/security to guard it.
Work in progress? 2539 days.  GOP has had 2539 days since ACA signed to have come up with a plan "better". 2539 days & NO PLAN
Does it really have to give Warren Buffet a $4000 tax credit and a housekeeper at Days Inn a $400 tax credit. Tax credits are 1/
better than the tax deduction you and Ted want. Do you even feel a bit of remorse or do you simply go happily to the bank?
that's a rhetorical question, right? They've made it obvious our concerns don't matter. Vote that party line.
We have a plan through bcbstx that works great and is affordable. Don't want to change it.
Flynn got 40k from Russia. How much 45 give U 1-19-17 CNN on live air? Or did U have direct line from Russia too?
Until the people see some details, it is just talk. start walking the walk!
get trumps taxes released
operative phrase "House Republicans say"
This means the secret is you have no plan. Leave our ObamaCare alone
for letting us know.
Thank you f
We want our healthcare... fix what we have don't reinvent the wheel...
I have a question for you. Are you loyal to the president or are you loyal to the people of this country. Investigate Russiagate
When exactly did U ask or even meet with UR constituents 2 properly represent us concerning ACA? No town halls? You never asked.
house republicans voted to repeal Aca 52 times but now 6 years on you have nothing. That's "leadership".
why don't you provide leadership and force the publication? You have had 6 years, why is this so hard? Because ACA is great now!
Can't wait Sen. Cornyn. I pray it's much better than Da ACA. We need something that will help All Da people of Texas & USA! Tnx!
Not secret but no one can know. The rule is not to tell but it's not secret. Are you really disputing the meaning of the word secret? Dolt.
this is the wrong way to protect your career as a politician. Maybe retire instead?
Sad that you are not asking the American people what should be in the bill. Oh yeah, we already have what we want in ACA.
Why don't y'all just amend to fix problems? The repeal-replace makes no sense.
you are going to make healthcare worse-fewer benefits, insurance cos in charge, caps, tax breaks for rich, shame on you
why can't we see the work in progress?
You have had seven years to come up with a replacement and you guys just start last month. Seriously not the best plan.
how is it still being worked on if you've voted to repeal ACA over 60 times?
will CBO score before Wednesday's vote??? Sounds sketchy to me #cowardlycornyn
- never expected to be able to repeal so all 52 previous votes were just political theater, eh? How's the hot seat? #IneptGOP
then the senate and the house won't have a problem with the American people taking their time to review it before u vote
, it's like GOP did nada for the whole semester and now time 2 cram for a final. But this will hurt American ppl when u get an F
Let's focus on NK missle tests, udnerstand the WH is not focused on this very real threat.  Intervention is needed...
Rand Paul couldn't find the bill.  Stop hiding.
it HAS to significantly lower health care costs. Medicare part A and marketplace reform. Freemarkets. Say  to lobbyists!
whats the hurry? 1st time we had to wait for it 2b signed b4 we found out what was in it!
One of the arguments against the ACA was the "secrecy." How do you rationalize the lack of transparency in this process?
You should have 10 plans in deck in 7 years, this 
only proves your bad faith.
When will Republicans finally find the courage to speak out against Trump instead of defending him? Credibility being shattered.
As long as U repubes have UR own health coverage, U don't give a sh.t about the rest of us taxpayers/voters.We'll remember!
why not now?  Why no town hall?  What are R's afraid of?  Learning you want to do things your constituents oppose?
your constituents need time to review.
.@JohnCornyn What have you been doing for that last 4 years when you have been voting to repeal the ACA? Not very thoughtful were you? SHAME
how's the Russia investigation going?
Disaster!
the work is in secret exactly the complaint they had about ACA hypocrites working on a DOA bill.
7 years for a work in progress? Someone sound incompetent.
I worked for over 40 years. Always had insurance, in good health & now when I need it, you take it away or make it unaffordable
#PUTIN has more details about the bill than the citizens of the USA.
no wonder politicians are facing extrmly angry town halls! Stop blaming each other and remember we all love America
I'll hold my breath.
and let me tell you, we the people are sick and tired of it and you politicians doing it. And if I hear "but they did/do ....
HAHAHAHAHAHA oh man, you guys are sure floundering.....damn skippy you are worried about your constituents response!
Q: What is something Coward Cornyn doesn't understand? A: The meaning of the word "secret."
You can be really funny, anyone ever tell you that? #RepublicansHaveNoPlan #We'reAllSOL
it's disgraceful how both sides are so entrenched in being "in charge " that nothing can be done for we the people
Repeal at your own political risk. If you'd listen to voters #TownHall instead of your campaign contributors you'd know #fail
It is a secret if there is no time to study it before you get away with robbing innocent people of needed health care
.@JohnCornyn Yeah, the suspense is killing us, sir. (discrete snicker) After thousands of @HouseGOP tweets on the topic,this shtick is tired
you give some and they give some and you find a happy medium like grown ups and stop acting like y'all are in junior high
Repackaged only as you have no new ideas.  You are and have been clueless about healthcare. Repeal at your own risk #Obamacare
if it is party politics then y'all HAVE TO find a way to work together. Governance is about compromise in a democratic republic
: Why SECRET?
why work secretly at all? It stinks that OUR gov hides lawmaking from us like secret ingredient sausage making
looking forward to it..The ACA is critical to my family and many others.
In case you thought we'd be easily distracted. Can't wait for tomorrow's shit show either. #Trumprussia #SessionsMustResign
#TownHall so you understand how constituents feel about #ACA
Need a townhall meeting to let you know!
Come on, John - It's been 6 years, this should've been figured out a long time ago.
these games, is that what they are? Make the GOP look...petty? Unprepared? Ridiculous? Shady? Evil- that's what it is! Evil.
It needs to Comply w the Promises made to the Electorate!
Price said to today cutting medicare.Worked my whole life paid into medicare to give it all to the republican party
I think Republican @RandPaul and others would beg to differ.
It's the AFFORDABLE CARE ACT. Especially now that you all have pillaged it.
and I'm sure it will not be affordable nor will it provide adequate care for those in need.
Rand Paul certainly feels left out of the process.
Sounds like you guys are stuck on how to do this....maybe you should focus on repairing the ACA instead of repealing it.
whatever helps u detract from #russiagate #SessionsMustResign
I don't believe you. #LastTerm
you have had years to work up a fabulous plan. Sounds like all you have done is complain, no action until now.
.@JohnCornyn You've been calling for repeal for seven years. If you were ever serious, you'd have had a plan long ago. GOP is improvising.
keep going @JohnCornyn, protect the "right" and just.  And make this happen 4 all americans
Call Obama and ask for details?
Will the death panels be called something misleading, like "life arbitration panels"?
if it's not secret, then why aren't you sharing the progress? Do you not believe in transparency in govt? -your constituent
#INVESTIGATE #RUSSIA
but didn't you have a better plan all ready to go for the last half a decade? Why on earth is it still a 'work in progress'?
will it have a CBO score before it's voted on? Will you support it if it raises taxes on low and middle income earners?
we don't trust software companies when they promise products with no hard evidence. Why should we trust Republican vaporware?
Work in progress = Oxymoron
Still convinced that lining the pockets of the #kochbrothers & 1% is best for US? You are dead wrong, & we will just be dead.
Pretty sure you're just changing the name from O'Care to TrumpCare. That's about the extent of it.
They're hateful and selfish.
the only way to male health care affordable is make it not for profit! Other then that you can do nothing!
please stop with the lies if you and your Republican buddies  I'll remember the lies at voting time #pissed of voter
2020 Re-election!
Yes, that is exactly what secret means.

If you're so confident people will like it, tell us what's in it.
how many years have you idiots had to get a replacement bill written for our review? Do nothing congress wasting our tax $$
Let me guess, lifetime maximums, preexisting not covered, can deduct from taxes, and no price controls on treatment.
for 7+ years. I bet it's a doozy!
Weird that you guys had 6 years to come up with a better plan & had nothing. Definitely will be watching what you come up w/.
will you make sure this is not voted on until all Americans have the time to read the bill & will u come to TX & have town hall?
if it was a work in progress it should have been visible to everyone who is supposed to be representing people, even dems troll
Are your #TownHall plans also a work in progress? Will you be releasing the schedule soon? #TrumpRussia #SessionsLied
No ... those are secret!
your constituents and the entirety of the American public deserve a look before you try and shove it down our throats.
you also asked what the Dems would be willing to work on with you, well seems like this would be something...
to bad your calls for bipartisan work seem to be more bark than bite...
@HouseFloor @ChrisSalcedoTX @IngrahamAngle Let's get something out, post haste already!
I'm sorry, but this is just stupid. Who do you think is buying this mess? Your constituents? No.
Why hide it in the first place? No reason, sir, unless it's woefully inadequate.
