I didn't know they had their own intelligence service.
Glad Republican Secretaries of States think the Intelligence Community doesn't know what its doing.
It would also be helpful if you could provide the link so people can read the entire report. A constituent, 77449.
He never cites sources, unfortunately. That would require reliance on facts. Sigh. 76028
Gov needs to Update & Secure All computer & internet systems, other than that it's time to move Off Russia & Congress needs to work Pres
In direct conflict with our intel community! WOW stellar work finding this obscure report.....
Conclusion of people with brains:  meddled in our election, pushed fake news, aided by DT campaign. And you're #complicit and obstructing.
Not even one full day of new insights and this tweet looks dumber and dumber.
Then what is Reality Winner doing in lock-up? Can something that never happened be classified Top Secret? Quit being a partisan hack please.
Dont lie to us we know better no one really investagated to its fullest so stop trying to do a cover up unless your in with the Trump/Russia
And have they reviewed any classified national intelligence reporting on Russian interference in the election?
@PatBryanTX2 calls "BULLSHIT!"
I will see your BULLSHIT and raise you a DOUBLEBULLSHIT!
Hacked doesn't mean "not influenced". You're pushing a narrative to assuage your base who doesn't want to pay attabtion to anything RUS
Exactly
So when will you share the secret GOP healthcare bill? How many Texans will be impacted? Texas can do better than Cornyn and Cruz.
He's nervous & grasping bc he knows we won't back down & go away. We see you Cornyn. You're #OutIn20 #TurnTXBlue
love to believe that, but not sure. His tweets imply to me he thinks he's above all. 5 minutes after this tweet he tweets abt Russia misinfo
Yes but what C forgets is that he is employed by US; we decide his fate & we can chose to Vote Him Out. If we still have free elections in20

So we don't actually know that. 
Weird that this NASS report would assert something not in evidence.
That's bullshit considering there IS EVIDENCE that it was hacked!
See what you did there?  You took a document and shared it on twitter.  I knew you could do it.  Now please share the health care bill.
That doesn't matter. What matters is that they TRIED & they WILL be back better than before! However, their disinformation campaign worked!


The rest of the doc: 2) Two incidents of Russian intrusions into state and local elections 3) state voter registration systems were targeted
And, what is their conclusion regarding voter fraud?
Then what is the @FBI investigating? Why don't you shutdown Mueller?
I choose to believe the FBI and CIA over NASS, I think they are bit more professional investigators. I would think you would agree
DHS hasn't audited. Shouldn't they?
Voting not hacked. INFLUENCE and PROPAGANDA with cyber targeting from Russia was with cooperation of Trump campaign, you twit.
That was not the issue and you know it. American minds WERE hacked by disinfo spread about Clinton to Rs who hated her so much they accepted
It as truth and shared it across social media. All lies just like the attack ads your party pacs use 2 brainwash your party that Dems r evil
But is was compromised....two different things.
Russian perpetrated the biggest ever election influencing campaign.  When are you and POTUS going to admit it and defend US sovereignty?
No, but the brains of not-so-smart people were.
They succeeded in influencing the election. They were just practicing in terms of hacking - they will be more successful next time.
I love that you are fine showing this on twitter but will not say a word about the healthcare bill.  COWARD
Then release the details to the public...
Good grief cornyn.
FALSE
Where does it say that Russia didn't use social media and misinformation to influence voters?
You need to be taking the issue of Russian interference more seriously, if only to protect us in the next election.  National security FIRST
The biggest elections threat is vast numbers of illegal aliens voting Democratic NSA & DOJ need to investigate the voter registration roles.
You don't believe our own security agencies? Your blind allegiance to Trump is disgusting.
Do you understand anything?
#strawman
There is a new report out though showing illegals voting is much much higher, more like the numbers @POTUS claimed.
You do know there is a difference between "hacking" the election and "interfering" in the election?
We are insulted. Only 36% of our population believe you the rest of us know you are covering for your friend Trump.
I think we all agree that voting machines weren't hacked, this time. However, our processes and systems were and will be in the future.
Look here @mikefarb1 .... I don't now if we can close that door yet
Denying something they weren't accused of.
You are just an embarrassment, holding this one up...pathetic.
I'll also believe the Dems and Repubs on record who said that we were hacked.
In addition, Putin himself admits it "done by Patriotic Russians." And Trump, "..well it didn't affect the results" which is admit it happen
hahahahaha...I think I'll go with believing the 17 intel agencies that have said that we were.
There are clearly other points made in this letter. What are they?  Willing to bet they don't support your position, so you hide them.
Hmm.  I guess all that voting machine code was stolen at great risk and expense for curiosity's sake, then.  Pack it up, we're done here.
So, these people have more information than the FBI?
Voter suppression had a huge role in the past election. When your party has to rig the system to win, it is not democracy. #CountryOverParty
So let's have ID laws.
I'm concerned that you are not taking this investigation seriously. If you cannot, I and my fellow constituents will find someone who can.
Cc @JoaquinCastrotx
When did you get this? Is this why you never ask about hacking/Active measures in hearings?  Just leaks and Loretta Lynch?
Then why are there ongoing investigations? And BTW why are you ignoring your constituents, huh?
Keep spending your lies
Comey said no collusion, no investigation & GOP are allowing Mueller to continue with Democrat help so Dems can try & regain power. Dumb!
and are they IT experts?
Why aren't you having town hall?  You and Cruz both? Please answer that question.
Are you telling us, Trump, or yourself??
How about linking the entire thing, and not just one thing that we're not even disputing or saying.  #CountryOverParty #WeAreSickOfYou
What is it about you and Kevin brady loving  so much? Just a question
Influence is not the same as changing votes after they're cast. But you know that. Quit trying to legitimize your dear leader.
I'll trust the entirety of our intelligence community over your cherry picked association. You look awful complicit peddling this weak trash
are you trying to bury the tweet where you called out one of your constituents like a child?

Thanks, comrade.
