Strange spin: nobody has gone in and burned materials related to the Russia investigation. But Comey was fired days after requesting funds.
You don't have to worry about any Trump Russia evidence being burned considering there is none. Dems still haven't provided any at all
That's why we have investigations, which Trump admitted was a factor in his decision to fire Comey. Maybe he's just an unstrategic boob, but
Whatever the case, Dems aren't the ones who are supposed to "provide" information.
Guess what? Trump said he fired Comey in order to end the #trumprussia investigation. Don't you find the term letter odd? You should!
you do realize that your president went on tv gave an interview to Lester Holt and said he fired Comey so the Russia investigation would end
I'm betting Comeys got a different story.
It's extreme dereliction of duty Senator to not seek the truth w/regards to #TrumpRussiaInvestigation Have honor & respect 4 democracy!
Except firing the director of the FBI.  Who has the power to fire McCabe, again?  #cornynisatraitor #partybeforecountry
You mean the one you couldn't care less about (or Kompromised not to) that you didn't even ask one question about it during hearings?
except for Trump telling Comey to end the investigation and the grand juries and when he wouldn't do it Trump fired him.
We'll, you're on the Cmmte to obstruct the investigation, obviously.
McCabe is the next to go. Hope @POTUS will be interviewing for Comey and McCabe's replacements.
I'm sure you'll fix that, comrade.
https://twitter.com/atleecs/status/863035537959120897 …

Love this meme
Alarmed @JohnCornyn may be FBI nominee!  @GOP must block nom or FBI will lose all public confidence. Nominee must be neutral! #russiagate
#IndependentInvestigation
#SpecialProsecutor
#MoneyLaundering
#TrumpRussia
The President is an embarrassment to all our Democratic institutions and threatens and demeans the public trust. Special Prosecutor now!
Is it true that you and Cruz are having a town hall in San Antonio on May 31?
"No effort to impede Russia investigation, other than the president firing FBI Director Comey to impede the Russia investigation."
but if you were FBI director, you'd certainly impede it.  No chance buddy,
Yes, another one of your selective statements. How's that commencement thing working out for you #2 Senator? Do you have ANY shame at all?
We already know why he was fired. Now he should be investigated for interference in in Hillary's email investigation. Get on that!
Right, aside from firing the guy leading it.
You're #complicit John PERIOD

C'mon Senator.  We need you to show some backbone here, since we know Cruz definitely will not.  Country first - *please*.
Maybe you and your colleagues should issue a subpoena for "the tapes" that the POTUS tweeted about this morning when he threatened Comey.
So either:

17 intel agencies LIED about Trump's ties to Russia 

AND 

Obama, Comey, Yates, & Bharara are traitors

OR

Trump is lying.
that doesn't mean Trump didn't fire him for that reason. You'll get stained by this.
That is not the way it looks to the public, your public. And the public will question your judgement if you stand by him. Be very careful.
Either McCabe backs Trump for now or the body guard will bring the fired letter
I hear your are up for the F.B,I job that explains your worship of Trump .I sure you will be very loyal to Trump and back him in every way
"what did president Trump know and when did he know it"....
every time you open ur mouth u try to interfere.
And there certainly has been no effort by you to encourage it. We, your constituents, want a fair and independent investigation!
Same guy - Comey had widespread support and confidence at the FBI. Trump is going down, choose whether you want to go with him or not.
We need Republican leaders to stand up to Trump and demand a special prosecutor
Special prosecutor
#Trump also thought it was no emerg. to remove a foreign agent & @VP backed up his lies. Demand #indepentinvestigation or Pres. Pelosi 2018.
I'm embarrassed that you and Ted Cruz represent my state. You will hold the party line while Trump sinks the GOP ship.
As long as you don't count firing the guy who was leading it, that is.
John, just want to send you a daily reminder that I hate you. Talk to you tomorrow.
Says the new guy who doesn't know where the bodies are buried and doesn't want to get fired.
Bless ur heart. You know your Party's leader is a liar... right?
i believe McCabe  will be fired next. Grow a backbone cornyn. Texas is not what you think, we are watching you closely
You swore an oath to serve the people and you are letting a President get away with Watergate level crimes against the people you serve.
...and y'all are looking at beach front properties in Ohio, yes?
Press secretary today.  By removing Comey we will attain our goal of having this investigation comevto an end,
That's it-practice ideology over serving the country; have some balls & do your job!
Do you think people believe that? Trump contacts Comey to ask, gets mad this won't go away & fires him; we need an independent investigation
And you damn well better support a Special Prosecutor so that the prosecution is not impeded once the investigation is done.
So...... and they are still investigating Trump.  Why do you choose Trump over America ???
Remember when Sessions lied under oath and then promised to recuse himself from all things Russia?  http://www.npr.org/2017/05/10/527780171/despite-recusal-pledge-sessions-interviewing-candidates-for-interim-fbi-director?utm_campaign=storyshare&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social …
Trump screwed up bigly when he fired Comey & bolstered the calls for an independent investigation. It's high time for this investigation.
Special prosecutor.  Independent Nonpartisan investigation! Still no tax returns! The nation needs this to move forward!
Yeah.... riiiggghhhttttttt 
There will be no public confidence in the Republican Party without an Independent Investigation.  #Draintheswamp2018.  #andDTnotgonnalikeit.
Also Andrew McCabe, the agency hadn't lost confidence in Comey. Your president is a liar and you make excuses. You aren't trusted either.
This constitute continues to demand that U & @tedcruz #DoYourJob & demand independent, bipartisan #TrumpRussiaInvestigation. Listen to us!
Good to know
What investigation?Thought it was all BS? Why is there an acting director if there has been no effort to impede?
When is your Town Hall meeting, Senator?
Gosh youre really commiting to spreading propaganda. Id say get on the right side of history but you barely amount to a footnote
Just another party politics yesman
FBI rank and file is so committed to putting @realDonaldTrump behind bars, hope they follow the letter of the law, with unquestionable guilt
"I have a bridge to sell you"
GOOD! We will be watching CLOSELY! WE WANT ANSWERS!!!
face it: comey wasn't fired for doing a BAD job, but rather, for doing a GOOD one. #IndependentInvestigation
2020 will be voting for someone who isnt you but i need to change someone elses vote whil I am at it
WH spox just admitted that they fired Comey to stop the investigation.

Do. Your. Job. Senator.
...with the small exception of firing the guy leading the investigation. #DoYourJob
Except the firing of the FBI Director.  Other than that, nothing at all.
Today?  You mean today, right? Well other than the constant barrage of made up shit from the press briefings?
But did you take note of the rest of the testimony? Or pick & choose what you hear based on whether or not you *believe* it supports Trump?
It takes little effort to send your bodyguard with a letter to fire the dude heading the investigation
Except for Russians in the Oval Office yesterday with no US media; obstruction of justice Re: firing Comey; etc.
Anyone who is not loyal to President Donald Trump should be fired no matter the Paygrade or job they do. Clean house of the rodents.
If this new acting FBI Director is not loyal to President Donald Trump then fire him as well. He should jump when President Donald says so.
I am concerned about your lack of concern regarding #TrumpRussiaCoverUp #TrumpRussianInvestigation #TrumpRussia #JamesComey #russiatrump
Except to fire Comey and try to slow it down, 
You need to put our country & our freedoms above politics, John. Trump had Russian heads in the WH w/their press only, while excluding ours.
Senator, #WhichSideAreYouOn? Party or Country? #DecisionTime
Trump Russia independent investigate
Well..... I guess you think firing anyone who might hold 45 accountable is not interfering. History will not be kind to your complicity.
Haven't noticed any effort to assist the investigation, either, for that matter.
No thanks to you, Comrade Cornyn. You're more upset about Muslims not being banned than the Russian party at the WH yesterday. #traitor
Actually this is only part of what he said. Second part said because the agents are committed to doing their job. Taking things out of ctxt
.... other than the recent termination of Director Comey. I finished the sentence for you.
Were you on a 'tweet break' when entire panel resoundingly said they believed Russia interfered in our election? How many facts do you need?
Where is your outrage that Trump called Comey to find out if he was being investigated? You were so outraged over the over social Bill. #VTO
@ToscaAusten Wd also like to know why you tweeting during the so called hearings. Haven't you whined abt Pres T tweets?
@ToscaAusten Sorry but this whole thing is a waste of citizens $ and time. Quit your kabuki theatre and do your jobs
Can Hillary yet escape real great story yet told of 2006 #TIME #POY #Mirror cover idea from blogger #PoetJPHogan who actually defeated #HRC?
Yeah and huckabe says Russia probe is low in @FBI list
interesting that you have to tell us that, Senator
Of course not, too bad you don't do your job
And, what have they found?  Crickets.
Time for an independent investigation of #TrumpRussia. You know it. And I know it. What are you afraid of?
- He also said Comey had & still has broad support within FBI. Which contradicts the WH explanations. Direct contradiction
A Senator's constituency consists of the citizenry who reside within his or her state.   Did you write that to say "if you're Republican"?
  Your President was WHITE HOT to learn Comey asked for funds & resources to investigate the WH - Surprised He got fired?  #IMPEACH
"Other than turning down our request for additional resources and the firing of our agency head".
What is Maj Whip doing to aid FBI? What is Maj Whip doing to get a Special Prosecutor?
Where is townhall schedule 4 Maj Whip (in TX)?
John, you were about to step off crazy train. WTH? Appoint a special prosecutor and none of the trump stink will stick to you
It's one day- and if he says anything else - he'll be fired.  DEMAND an independent non-partisan investigation.
Trump lackeys have made no effort to implement a full, fair, impartial, independent investigation either.
LOL- good one
Firing Comey was the effort, replacing the acting director will be following through with that effort.   Call for special counsel John.
@realDonaldTrump impedes it by firing Preet Bharara, Sally Yates and Jim Comey.  And of course you do nothing to defend our Democracy.
That is because he hasn't appointed his stooge as FBI Director! That is when trump will try to stop the Russian investigation!

You're quoting that like somehow you should get credit. Or that it proves some point.
apart from no staff, firing the head of the FBI, refusing documantation when requested, no, no effort at all - like your tweets/town halls
Ya the guy giving WH improper coordination on investigation.  No credibility #SpecialProsecutor
Every time you speak, I have less confidence that Congress can actually handle the #TrumpRussiaInvestigation.
Ha ha isnt he the one coordinating with WH chief of staff?  No credibility. #SpecialProsecutor
Lol. John, buddy. Come on man.
Well, other than firing Comey u gigantic numbskull. It's gotten to be funny u posting this C.R.A.P.
You are running cover for the Trump/Russian coverup.  You are complicit.  I am a constituent
Funny McCabe said that the rank and file had not lost trust in Comey
Run  better get away from agent Orange his is Toxic !!!!
@ZaidJilani sure, if you don't count obstruction of justice.
Investigation of?
Destroying classified files under a fed subpoena? Emailing classified files to unsecured servers and people? 

That one?
exactly that one
Except Nunes, Chaffetz, cancelling of Yates' initial hearing, the firing of Yates, Bharara, and head of FBI Comey, there's nothing at all.
@JohnCornyn = Trump's puppet. Trump = Putin's puppet. They're "grabbing you by the pussy." Why don't you ask one question about Russia!
Hopefully Andy will show loyalty to his country first above all else. Besides what has 45 done for him lately or any1 for that matter.
Uh...Mr. Cornyn. The fact that Comey was fired is evidence of that effort. Do. Your. Fucking. Job.
After the #YatesHearing, it's pretty clear that you are impeding the #TrumpRussia investigation all on your own. #TownHall to discuss?
Except firing Comey? Also he wont confirm trump lie that comey said not under investigation. R u tweeting that? Also, town hall date?
Because now there is no investigation #IndependentInvestigation
Question, if you were hired to do a job & advise, wouldn't your boss be a dummy NOT to follow the advice even if it was unpleasant?
Firing Comey was such an effort. But obviously acting Dir. McCabe is not in a position to say so.
You are supposed to represent #us, not your party
Except of course, you know, that time when Trump fired the head of the organization conducting the investigation.
You realize all the networks, including your beloved Fox, think you're such a lightweight they cut to commercial or talking heads?
By this logic there would be no effort to impede republicans by firing @realDonaldTrump -- so why don't we give that a shot?
...today.
This is not the same as saying-Trump did not try to impede the investigation by firing Comey. Your loyalty to Trump over country is Yuge!
Well... except for the whole firing of the director thing, but is that an effort to impede really? 
John you are a disgrace- your questioning of Sally Yates was so obviously biased! Sally Yates is the hero of this story
hahahahahahahaha
Maybe instead of letting the President's political appointees investigate him, you did what they did during Whitewater?
Not -yet-, anyway.
Well, that settles it! 
Well except for firing the person heading it up... there is that.
You mean other than firing person in charge of investigation?  Who do you think you are fooling?
What do you call firing the guy heading it?  Did you expect a different answer from the guy replacing him (temporarily)?
Quit being a traitor!!!!!!!
Your forgetting that the man who is telling you this is under investigation himself!!!!!!
"There has been no effort on my part to do my job"-@JohnCornyn
seems like you wouldn't mind if it was impeded...
This means trump was lying about not being investigated, correct? The public needs answers
Except by you! Asking stupid questions about leaks instead of focusing on meddling and collusion. You're the worst senator in America.
Until Comey's replacement comes in and decides the investigation is over. That is why an independent investigation is needed.
That's kind of exactly what you'd expect him to say, isn't it? Especially, when the guy being investigated gets to cull dissenters.
Actually he said that you couldn't stop them from doing the right thing, which implies that there HAS been an effort to impede & it FAILED.
Except firing the man in charge of the @realDonaldTrump-Russia investigation.
He's lying
cough*bullshit*cough
(except firing its leader)
LOL; "it's leader"? Love it. You really believe Comey was a dedicated, inspiring "leader" that his agents won't do their job? #Sad
Show me where I said that.
Except to intimidate by firing Comey. That's all.

How do you figure?
So, does this mean the investigation is ongoing?
Nothing except fire the head of the FBI.
You had more than enough characters left to spell out "Committee" ~ FYI.
He's lying, and you're a fool.
Johns misquoting the guy.
You forgot to add his ending ... "to date"
Also, why are you tweeting during the session? Was this vital information we needed immediately?
Is there a rule about using electronic devices on the senate floor?
I wasn't asking about a rule. Was commenting on the lack of attention to his task.
But I don't think there is.
