I'm beginning to think we have a low-IQ senator.
Yikes! Had not considered the latter. Evidence indicates he might believe. Time to repeal & replace
I wasnt paid to post & I defended it. What about ur constituents who support it & NEED this. DONT LEAVE US HANGING
they are also paid to disrupt your town hall meetings.
prove it

When will you have a town hall?
this is bulls%]%t. Americans want you to repair damage to ACA done by GOP. #3yearsleft #ACA #resist
You're a moron!  NONE of the protesters are being paid to do so.  We voters will not forget!
Back it up. Provide the list. Show the payola trail. Can you?
urarticle sez that both sides play the posting game. "There's no reason to believe that everybody's not doing it."
I have been posting that you are scared to have a town hall--please send the check-cowardly cornyn
I could use some extra cash! Here i am getting all involved in democracy like a good citizen for free. Silly me!
that's BS, I know people on Obama care and live it
love it
Wow @tedcruz and you john. What's up texas?
And your source is this rag @dcexaminer ? Next you'll be citing @NatEnquirer as your intelligence source. #TrumpEffect
.@JohnCornyn I am not paid for my online posts.  Insinuating otherwise shows you have no respect 4 constituents that disagree w/ you
I'm guessing this is #altfacts   I'm not paid....save #Obamacare
irrelevant
You are becoming delusional. Stop pretending there is not a movement. I am a constituent and a registered voter.
Well gentlemen, I wasn't paid. Don't repeal until everyone has health insurance.
if that's true, where's my check?
fake news. #fakenews
Oh, that's brilliant. Is the "expert" "Michael Brown" or "Matthew Brown"? The article can't even get that right. #FakeNews
it the Washington ecxexaminer, it's a regressive blog.
That is just bullshit!!!  We are actually your constituents and we vote.  See you in 2020 Sen. Cornyn.
do you actually believe this nonsense?
so you hitting the messenger, not message. Have a townhall, & find out for sure! Are you afraid to find the truth?
I do this because I, unlike you, care about this country and the people in it. #NOT PAID #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS
Please tell me where I can get paid ? You keep saying it now show me
you act like we don't know about the lobbyists, the storm is coming
I live on SS I paid into The GOP wants that and says it a handout
without SS who would they steal from?
For all the wars they start
fake news
Just stop with nonsense from @dcexaminer Best source of info is your actual constituents. Come talk to us. @TX21Indivisible
Here. You can have my defense for free.
I support the AFfordable Health care because I have learned loved ones that need health insurance.  Do u care?
I wasn't paid.  But you were.  You are so pro anything that smacks of death to the middle class. SHAME!
I'd love to know where they got those numbers. I know a lot of people who are defending ACA, none of them paid.
FAKE NEWS!!! SAD!! Won't be invited to my gaggle.
I guess I should start tweeting after 5 pm pst if I want to be taken seriously? what a dumb metric.
that is such a lie.  If it is not I want my check!! NO ONE believes you. We are fired up and ready to go! LOL COWARD
I'm disappointed you're posting and endorsing this nonsense. It should be beneath you. Please argue facts.
0 sources or facts in that turd of an "article". Fake news!
John, what does posting this accomplish? Come listen to your voters
why are you retweeting something that has no proof?
I guess you'll be pretty surprised in 2018 when you find out we're not paid.  Just real constituents ready to vote you out.
Are you getting your info from our liar in chief?!
I'm an Obamacare/Affordable Care Act Defender no one paid me. Who pays you to vote in their favor?
@dcombest @dcexaminer still PUMPING BULLSHIT for BRAINLESS BASE  FYI #WeAreTheMajority #TheResistance #WeThePeople #WeWillRise
@SecretsBedard Let's meet face to face and talk about. We'll bring our ID......#townhall
why won't trump release his taxes. Get his taxes released. Bannon wants to do away with the gop too. U aren't part of his plan
let's prove that!
zip 76126 not paid but am defending
Keep thinking that. Don't touch my healthcare. Fix and further ACA--no repeal, no steps back.
Ah, demonize the contrarians.  Avoid the substance, just demonize the messengers. Laughably transparent.
you're delusional.
so a free paper is best source you find to support your views? You are fooling yourself. We are real & will vote you out in 2020
If logic this man uses to "prove" pro-ACA folks are paid is same logic you use in making Cabinet decisions, that explains a lot.
#fakenews
I am not paid but you go ahead and believe what Bannon tells you to.
@SecretsBedard Senator Cornyn, do you actually believe this?  Please post the actual facts. Or just do your job!
you've heard the saying:  be silent and only be thought a fool or open your mouth and remove all doubt.
You know that the Washington Examiner is fake news, right?  Not credible at all? What bubble do you live in?
Who paid me? No one. I just pay taxes (your salary) & vote (not 4 U).Wake up,repubes-this isn't aboutU it's about US
if you continue to follow trumps lead you will be looking for a new job in November
I commented and was not paid.
No one is paying me jack shit--means I can speak the truth. Obamacare aka ACA is GOOD. You-not so good. #pathetic
guess we'll find out soon enough in 2018. I'd stick to border issues.
I am not paid by anyone for criticism or praise and I seriously question the source. Just listen to all Texans.
I don't think you are making a good case by posting propaganda sites. You are part of the problem and I do want ACA
Senator, this sounds like conspiracy theory nonsense. I always thought you were a more critical thinker than this.
I want to be paid.  I engage in advocacy 24/7 for free!  Show me the .  #2020
bet that's an alternative fact!  Where's your town hall meeting so we can discuss?
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer This is outright nonsense. Nobody here is paid. We are all your constituents w/ opinions that deserve to be heard!
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer You seem to have a penchant shared w/ @RepArrington for making up excuses not to listen to your constituents!
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer You know, Brave brave Sir Jodey @RepArrington who boldly ran away from a Town Hall this weekend in Lubbock! Cowards
I don't believe that for a second! No one is getting paid to protest! Protesting because of Republican lies!
what is your idea for a replacement plan?
Johnny. Due Diligence. Your sources and lies are making you a hot mess.
Senator don't trust the examiner. This is fake news at its best. Trust me, we aren't paid. We want it.
then I can be expecting your check?   We support because it's working. You
#fakenews
Texas voters would love to tell you their views on ACA face-to-face at a town hall.
you're kidding right so you want us to go back to getting denied for pre-existing and dying
how about you work on a health care for or Medicaid compete against the insurance company Solutions
100% of John Cornyn's teeets are unfounded.
Have to be paid or crazy.
You are a child, Cornyn. Grow up.
Yup. Along with all them paid protesters and town hall meeting angry folk. And there's irrefutable proof, right?
"Michael Brown, digital expert." Hang on while I attempt to google this. :-S
you are shaking in your boots. You've never felt this level of dissent from Texans. Get used to it. #wearewatching
You are my senator. Please, please stop lying. You did well with your Justice for Victims of human trafficking act!
I am disappointed that you would join Trump in quoting alt facts from fringe sources. Thought you were smarter.
read the story. His inference that posters must be paid is highly questionable. Might want to diversify info sources
Cornyn is as delusional as DT. Alternate facts are still lies. #yourlastterm. #2020
Please tell us who is getting paid and who is paying all of these ppl, because it sounds like BS. Shame on you John!
you are a liar!  I'll add u 2 #lyingtrump #lyingcornyn you are a Russian sympathizer! Uwork4meTX #Trumprussia 76262
Fake news! And grow up, Senator. You're better than this. (& fire your professional tweeter)
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer you know this is complete fabrication, as in not true, right, Senator?
Uhm. can ya find some more credible sources?  Why not poll your constituents here--we're not paid! We're Americans!
Comon Sen,  no mor false facts! Ur tweet is unbecoming position of Tx Senator!  Same thing said of townhall critics
I am *not* paid to post or protest and I support #ACA. It saves lives.
I'm not paid,and I've never met anybody who was paid.The stories are true.
You are living in an alternative universe,if you really don't understand how we don't want a Nationalist Prez.
where's the proof to your outlandish statements? Are you listening to to population and their needs?
Really, quoting the Examiner? Talk about fake news.
Simply not true...  Lying liars and the liars who tell them.
iIm going to save all these tweets against you when I work door to door on campaigning against you.
This is bs and you both know it.
Do you believe everything you read?
1st it was ppl @ townhalls are pd,now it's ACA defenders online.i'm ur constituent & I support ACA.HAVE A TOWNHALL!
Where you I send my invoice?
where? I have uninsurable sister & y niece. Don't remove clause allowing people w/ preexisting conditions 2 get ins
President Bannon is really rubbing off on you, you're acting just like him.
Thus from the party that sold its soul to Russia to get Trump elected...hypocrite!
No one has to pay the ACA defenders in my TX town.
Not!  I had it and was able to buy adequate ins for the 1st time in years!! I loved ACA! Turned 65 so Medicare now.
or one of 20m dependent on ACA! Stop spreading FAKE NEWS and DO YOUR JOB investigate RUSSIA
please tell me where I can get paid because I'm protesting as a duty to my fellow countrymen who need me to speak up
this is total BS.
yep, I believe it.  they are paid to troll people like you and me, if we speak bad of it.
, worry about Russia colluding with this administration.
Texas RN here, I'd love to discuss why I support ACA. Why don't you hold a town hall and hear it from constituents?
How does 100 out of 40,000 become 60% of defenders?
Not true. You will go down in history as a peddler of lies. 
Who paid the 60K protestors @ TX Capital last month?
Shouldn't a law be written against those who pay people to protest?
Where's my check? I'm a regular Texan who thinks Obamacare needs to be fixed, not repealed.
you would believe that because you haven't been listening to all your constituents who need your support on ACA.
You do know that's not a real newspaper, right? It is truly #fakenews as in fiction.
is this a jobs program? Where do I sign up? Also when are you gonna come talk to us?
Yes, John we're all now living on that sweet sweet Soros cash. Has nothing to do with your flippant attitude.
And, no doubt, you know the "expert's" credentials
Oh honey - you're just trying to deflect from Trump's paid followers: 
https://www.forbes.com/sites/robsalkowitz/2017/01/17/trumps-20-million-twitter-followers-get-smaller-under-the-microscope/#7b69f1db4407 …
Here's a graphic for you, since I know you like them: Trump Twitter followers by world location:
So take your Moonie-owned newspaper's "digital expert" and put that analysis where even the Texas sun don't shine.
Fake news, fake expert.
Can you tell me where I can collect my check?
Just because you expect to be paid for every political decision you make, doesn't make it true for most others!
you are really smarter than this Senator- stop ignoring your constituents
This post is utter nonsense.
Fake news just like your orange overlord spreads. How about having a Town Hall in Austin to meet the unpaid?
No one pays me for anything.  AND I NEED MY ACA INSURANCE!  What if I get shot by the NRA? Cornyn will let me die.
@SecretsBedard Very irresponsible to disseminate biased and fake news. We expect more from public servants.
There are points in history where you can wake up and smell the coffee or get buried with the rest of dinos.
God please tell me how I can be paid to do this. A National Health Service is nothing to be terrified of.
are u staffers 'paid to post' as well? Like, per tweet? Or like, hourly? Sad.
You're delusional. Too much kool-aid. It's your administration who talks fake news yet you quote it here. Disgusting
seriously you are reading too much FAKE NEWS! Answer questions have a townhall and see if any paid
think you are missing your town hall.
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer So ur telling me the new formed Disassembly Trump party hijacked from conservatives doesn't use paid bloggers - Ha!
I'm supposed to get paid? Where's my check!?
FAKE NEWS! I'm a constituent of yours--country b4 party--start calling 4 a special prosecutor 4 Trump & his cronies
someone is going broke paying all of us, lol. But let's talk abt Russia. Will Nunes & Burr b disciplined?
Still on board w that bipart indep investigation? When's that happening?
we keep seeing a lot in the news. The other shoe drops almost every day... yep need to keep talking abt Russia.
How can I get paid? I would love to be paid for calling my TX reps. My young daughter marched-where's her $?
No proof anyone was paid.  And said software driven so inconsistent with the 9-5 comment.  #hypocrisy
.@JohnCornyn @dcexaminer U all project so you just admitted to your and the GOP doing this and PACs pay them. You are all so transparent.
Zombie posts huh? Explains why your posts are so completely disconnected from your constituents actual concerns
#alternativefacts
Dude, I really am ashamed to have you as one of my Senators.
that's bullshit we are not paid!
ladies and gentlemen, I present to you the sales team for ocean front property in Odessa TX... Sad you cited this.
And 100% of this post and the source are BS. I'm also a constituent. Go to the mailbox daily, but no check?
you are my senator.  For God's sake please don't dive down the 'fake news' rabbit hole Pres Trump created
Absolutely!  So ashamed-I'd been in support of your recent activities-now I'm dismayed you'd fall 4 this crud
gonna need some better sourcing on that data johnny. Just because you believe it doesn't make it true...
But that's OK. Just keep on thinking that. Serves us JUST FINE.
not true ...how about using good sources to sight ....u live in bubble ...DONT take my health care
And if you believe that, I have some prime swampland just for you.

I am not paid. I do it out of civic responsibility, like how you should govern, instead of only benefitting donors.
Washington examiner again? I'm a defender cause I had Stage IV cancer - you are becoming #Clueless - #getagrip
stop spreading #FakeNewsMedia #alternativefacts shame on you Sen Cornyn
talk about fake news, this was a terribly written article with no compelling evidence whatsoever.
I'm constantly posting/retweeting. I'd like to be paid. How do I apply? Seriously.
.@dcexaminer is not a credible source. What is wrong with you? I'm embarrassed for you.
@EllenMorris1222 @dcexaminer this is nuts. This ONE guy does this? And what ..oh never mind....
He one of them investigating Trump .You can see how that going to go
I see a claim but no evidence to support them. I think this is the propaganda.
I am your constituent. I am not paid to post. Please stop retweeting articles like this and do your job - investigate Russia.
maybe but have you noticed a pattern on Twitter?
Trumpkin, elections are coming.
.@JohnCornyn aaaaannd we're back to the Examiner... Welp. You know 45 approves, they got in the gaggle.
#SaveACA
yeah, ok. #alternativefacts
John. Even Rs don't want ACA repealed. You're F'ing with people's lives, man. Oh, yeah...town hall?
