And what's exactly wrong with single payer? Or you can do what Australia does and allow private insurance as well as single payer.
You say that like it's a bad thing.Do u listen to the ppl of Texas?ALL of them, not just Republicans. 
Do u not have any family on medicaid
Attempting to impose single-payer would effectively be the end of "Squishy-John" Cornyn in the senate. Bet your ass on that.
That would be the best thing to happen to health care in America, ever.
#singlepayer
The horror, affordable healthcare where everyone is covered.  Can't even imagine...
Lol everyone is NOT covered! That's the problem!
Right, that is a problem, but it's a problem that single payer fixes.
@truthspeaker82  this thread is a lot of fun to read. Cornyn apparently expected different responses. He clearly is in the cool aid  bubble
Gotta read this over breakfast
Why don't you come down to San Antonio, hold a #TownHall over break, and you can tell us to our faces why single-payer is such an evil thing
You have intelligent, thoughtful Democratic senators who will work with you if you will let them.
Bring it on.
#universalhealthcare more efficient, less "mean," more moral. Join us on July 8th in #SugarLand #Texas to learn more http://sugarlandtownsquare.com/play/upcoming-events/ …
Hello healthcare for all!
As one of your constituents, let me say loud and clear that single payer is where we need to go.
Now you're FINALLY talking! Look at these replies @tedcruz @POTUS @SenateGOP and get a FREEKING CLUE!
Oh, I hope you are right. Think about how many lives will be saved, how many businesses can be started. What a wonderful idea, @JohnCornyn!
I demand an amendment to your bill that nobody need stop and render aid if you get in a car wreck. Every man for himself, right?
Great! Only way Texans will get decent insurance! TX lege & Abbott cause of highest Maternal mortality rate, we can't count on our state!
Single payer is coming one day. Every other industrialized country knows spreading risk nationally lowers cost best. #Trumpcare is a tax cut
YES!!!
Time for single payer.
HELLO! That's the best idea you've had in a decade.
Hi single payer, you've pulled us into the modern world! How awful for you, @JohnCornyn, that everyone of your constituents would be insured
If you drive, you have to have car insurance. If you live, you have to have health insurance. Make it so.
Sounds great! We will finally join the rest of the free world who know how to do health care right!
Sen. Cornyn, its a draconian republican plan that's propelling single payer. Fear gives courage & strength. People are awake. #GOP_no_ethics
I absolutely hope so. Come on, GOP, we want single payer!
Yeah, but if you succeed, we'll get single-payer health care once your disaster gets so obvious that you can't lie your way out of it.
http://tinyurl.com/ydh75xmv    Charlie is in need of care.
That would be fabulous and long overdue! Thank you! I am a #nativetexan
Or you do your job working with Democrats and Independents to improve the ACA and fix the health care market, pushing back against lobbyists
I really don't think you talk to a diverse enough body of constituents, if this is what you believe.
Or a public option. USPS is not driven by profit, and drives down the costs of mail. We should have the same for healthcare.
You can't avoid it. Either now or later. Also, you'll ensure that women will finally assume leadership of Congress and country soon.
We can all hope.


He cares about his fellow Americans.  More than tax breaks for himself.
Single-payer healthcare. Sounds good to me.
For once I pray you are right
Sounds good to me! Medicare is single payer, and folks love it.
Wow this thread is amazing. #MedicareForAll
Hello single payer healthcare and welcome!
Omg @GOP and @SpeakerRyan and @SenateGOP !!! This is best news ever! Finally medicare for all! @realDonaldTrump @truthspeaker82
Single-payer healthcare, now there's a proposal worthy of a civilized society! #StopTrumpCare
WE THE PEOPLE (your constituents!!!) WANT SINGLE PAYER!!!!
Awesome!!!! Best thing I've read today!!!
Yes! Please!
You finally said something I'm in favor of! Do it and save lives. #NoBCRA
John this is hilarious! We all want single.payer and we want.it now. Wise up or get voted out.  Whip that eh?
Oh we'll get there John.  May start with a public option.  But, eventually, we will have single payer.  HC is a right.
Promise???
Now you're talking! Finally something  Americans want! Wow! Unbelievable!You finally can see the problem GOP. Single-payer! Wonderful news!
Funny though- in countries that have it, they have better healthcare outcomes! We've been far down on the list for years!
Our constitution guarantees the right to Life.  Why does that right to life end at birth? guarantee healthcare for all
Oh john i certainly hope so. I truly am sorry for your donors but no country on earth has successful private health system
@indivisibleATX @washingtonpost your heart sucks Senator
Single payer is the most effective way to reduce costs.
You are hardly unbiased
Perfect!
Congratulations on your first good tweet
Let it happen
God willing!
Quit with the empty threats!!  Give us a conservative plan....THAT IS WHAT WE VOTED FOR!!!
Every industrialized country has single payer healthcare and doing well. NONE have insurance companies. America needs single payer.
Yippee!  Works for me.
You say this like it's a bad thing?
Yes please!!! Signed, your constituent 
Yay! Finally, we can join the rest of the civilized where they spend HALF what we do and still get better health outcomes!
#SinglePayer
That might not be a bad idea.
and your point is?
Well, I for one hope the #GOP fails miserably! #VoteNoBCRA #VoteNoAHCA @SenSanders @BetoORourke @tedcruz @SenateMajLdr @IronStache
If evry prson needs hlth care, mst have it at sme point in thr lives, that mkes it a pub service. That's a def of pub goods and srvces.
Yes to single-payer.
I think ur going to get single payer if you do.
Wow look at all of the positive feedback. It's better for businesses and will make us more competitive globally. I don't get the issue.
Issue is huge insurer profits
Ok. Hello.
Single payer...Controls cost. Most efficient. Do it now!!!
Pls get Government out of health care! No socialized medicine! Allow us to buy Ins across state lines! Repeal & replace!
Looking forward to saying hello to reasonableness!
Single payer sounds good to me! Get on it.
One can only hope.
@hughhewitt Great idea!
Without full repeal it's blown already. And the majority of GOP senators are liars since the platform was repeal and replace.
Well, finally...do you listen to your constituents at all?
Well, you have guaranteed insurance for life, why shouldn't the richest nation provide that?
God, everybody covered? Horrible, right?
Gosh! I hope you're right!!
You are morally bankrupt!  This is a horrible bill for the poor and middle class!  Have you read the bill?
Oh come on. You guys would never allow the American people any form of security.
That would be a bad thing?  Seems to be working in other countries. Better than horrid bill you're trying to push on the US. #ProtectOurCare
The majority of American's would be more than happy to say hello to single-payer health care. So what's the problem?
Okay
Oh no!  You mean healthcare where everybody gets insured and rich ass holes don't get tax breaks?!!  The horror
Yeah! Ain't it grand. I like my single Medicare.
If you succeed Americans will die, the economy will suffer, Hospitals and nursing homes will close and medical bankruptcies will explode
Sounds like a consensus after reading through the comments on here. #SinglePayerNow
Yes, please.
Please God! All our allies cover 100%of their population's Healthcare for 1/2 the cost. You don't try due to ignorance/ GREED,Koch Bros win
And we shall boldly go where every other western democracy has already gone. Blow it!
Blow it!  Blow it!
I'm your constituent and I would love a single-payer system! Your proposed bill is cruel and irresponsible. Please show some compassion!!
We WANT #SinglePayer  !!
We could only be so lucky as to have healthcare as good as the rest of the free world.  Republicans prefer us 2 have none and die. #traitors
Great that's what we need
Center 4 American Progress estimates 1,890,400 who rely on medicaid & 540,200 who rely on the individual market in Texas will lose coverage.
Yay! That's what we have ALL been waiting for. Affordable healthcare for all instead of #Wealthcare
That's what we want! For-profit healthcare makes no sense.
Or you could try to compromise? So hyperbolic.
YES! That's exactly what we want. #singlepayerNOW
We wouldn't want that.  Much better for insurance cos to make huge profits and families to be bankrupted by medical expenses.
Thank goodness!
Excellent! It should have been single payer to begin with.
Yes yes yes! Single payer takes capitalism out our health
YES!!!
Hope so! Free market is about profit, which stands in total opposition to health & wellness. Patients will always lose out to bottom line.
Hello, single-payer. Welcome.
Our corporations are at disadvantage in the global economy because  of high and unpredictable health care costs.  Single-payer solves that.
Terrorist.
Sounds great, John. Can't wait to thank you for it
Thank goodness to that.  We would like peace of mind that medical bankruptcy will not be a part of life for citizens trying to survive
Promise?
Blow it! Blow it! Blow it!
By "blowing this" you mean repeal of ACA?  Please explain why fixing it is not an option. Maybe even consider working on a bipartisan fix?
This is the first tweet of yours that I legitimately agree with! That would be awesome!
You sure that Hugh Hewitt is the side you want to be on there, sport?
Please, resorting to scare tactics already?
Sounds great!!
Congratulations, John. I just liked one of your tweets. First time for everything. Maybe you should listen.
We'll gladly welcome Single-Payer with open arms, you greedy clown. People want and deserve affordable coverage, which your plan avoids.
ScareTactic, Desperation in an attempt to sell band-aids 4A broken bone. GoodJob Mr C

@GregAbbott_TX @DanPatrick @SenTedCruz @MacThornberry
Yay!
Only way #SinglePayer is @GOP losses in '18 & '20
BuckleUp & push #60_in_18 for Senate
#DemoBrats are weak & vulnerable
@realDonaldTrump
More BS from DC there is NEVER a last opportunity in the Land of the Free!  Congress just needs 2 make the difficult decisions & do it right
Promise? You know Senator rarely do I feel hopefully when dealing with you but this today finally has done it. Thank you. Single Payer!!
We NEED single payer!  The present hybrid system is a disaster.  Too many for profit companies  sending people into medical bankruptcy
John Bully of Deception. tut tut.
We will never go there...I have faith!
I would have agreed if HRC had won.  ACA will implode on itself, opening the door for a new set of ideas for affordable healthcare.
Work across the aisle, address the actual core problems with healthcare in this country.
FYI if you hacks pass "Trumpcare" you ll get single payer too.
No. @JohnCornyn and @GOP KEPT @Obamacare for themselves...right after they took it from us. Right John?
which is exactly what trump has always wanted...one again, @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr have sold us out to keep their pockets lined!!!
-do it RIGHT-stop looking out for interest of ins co & speak for your constituents -NO Obamacare Lite-get 2 work-forget about vacation-We do
I would LOVE to!
When can we expect to see your single payer plan? #NoBCRA
I hope so! Great news for once!
I concur 100%. You DID blow it. Get with Bernie ASAP. Call it National Health.
Why can't we have nice things like that?
Great news! We can catch up with the rest of the world.
As your Texas constituent, I would like you to know I fully support a single-payer health care plan.
Get it done and i will vote for you
I hope so. More Americans want single payer than your anti life health care bill
Which is what you all should have supported.  What's a matter John-afraid you'll be stuck with normal folks care?
Yeah, who cares about those lazy kids with cancer, and octogenarians with alzheimer's in assisted living! Get a job!

#YouMakeMyHeadHurt
Please blow this.
doubt it; states take control of hcare from dc; gop congress would prove to be dysfunctional if hcare not passed;why vote gop if cant govern
Opioids: give states endowments and let them manage and determine how it's to be used- it's a 50 state solution.
Please and thank you.
Those against should propose amendments and get it passed otherwise all GOP are failures.
You understand that we want single payer, right?
Good
I pray to god y'all blow it...as per usual
we had a perfectly decent healthcare system in place, we could have just reformed it instead of supporting the wealthcare bill!
Single payer sounds great. Let's do that
Oh no! Everyone with guaranteed healthcare! How awful that would be!
A healthy and educated population is a competitive one. Deny this and you deny our future. But hey, who wants to make America great again?
I say you should blow it, then.
Single payer would be fantastic!
Ye ol' scare tactic: bring up the socialist bogeyman to rile up the fear-mongering base. Not gonna work, Johnny Boy. Texans are smart.
Wait! Was this the plan all along? Can't admit single payer is the answer, put forth absurd AHCA so it fails, hence give us single payer?
Claim it's all awful while secretly knowing it's right? Save face to idiot supporters while giving country what it needs. Might just work.
HELLO! 
Can't wait
Hello single payer healthcare!!  A system where everyone is covered at lower costs because PROFITS are cut from the system.  Better for all.
Please blow this. We need single payer.
good! We need it!
Well that would be great! It seems to work well in other places...
Sounds great! Cornyn you should lead the efforts for single payer system.

Sincerely,

Texas Voter
US spends nearly 2x as % of GDP as western peers, yet lags in key healthcare metrics, costs increasing > 2x inflation, need a change
Repubs and Dems need to come together and vote on single payer hc for ALL.  Shouldn't be tied to your job or income!
Yay,  about time you realized that single pay is the answer!
Is that a threat Senator?
Actually medicare IS single payer. Honestly think single.payer is the only thing that can work here.
and Goodbye to profiting off the sick, the elderly, kids, the disabled, and veterans. Think of the $$$$ gentlemen. Think of the $$$!
Hello single payer healthcare! Think about how much special interest money won't make it to your greedy palm.
Actually, say hello a single party called Dems. w/o repeal and replace, GOP should pack their bags
I pray that's the case.  America will join the rest of the industrialized world.
So the @washingtonpost is reliable now?
That would be awesome John. Please keep failing so we can have a real system in place like the rest of the civilized world.
@realDonaldTrump You are absolutely correct. There is no better answer for the our people than single-payer. We need to do it & move on.
Adding more govt $ (taxpayer $) will only make things more expensive. Look what it did to college tuition. Health ins profits doubled w ACA.
I sure hope you're right.
John, you have no credibility on this issue. You should be ashamed.
BLOW THIS  YER IN THE MINORITY  YOU WILL LOVE SCHUMER PELOSI IN THE MAJORITY...PROMISES GIVEN MUST BE  PROMISES KEPT...SNATCHING DEFEAT FROM
