- as one of your most loyal and long time fans, it pains me to say that I think you're "crazy" on this one, Larry.
Please have faith. Step in right direction. But if I'm wrong, will promptly admit it. Thanks.
What else besides tax cuts for those making $250k or more and jacking up premiums on older folks does this do? No mandate people exit.
Simple math. Younger people pay in. Premiums go down for all. Fact.
Premiums go down, then younger pay in. End mandates.
People preferred the fine when it was mandatory. What makes you think they're gonna buy in just because the price goes down?
If it were a half loaf that would be true. But it will make things worse, not better.
Cutting out the free rides will help our hard working Americans
Please God! All our allies cover 100%of their population's Healthcare for 1/2 the cost. You don't try due to ignorance/ GREED,Koch Bros win
Our healthcare insurance was The Best in The World! before Obama care, just needed a tweak,  Lets Restore it! And tweak.!
If we had your bank acct Larry we wouldn't have to worry bout getting sick
Oh, it's way far from perfect
Quoting Larry Kudlow and newsmax..how low can you go John.Texans are watching you rip up medicare on behalf of upper 1% like Kudlow. We see
Phase 1 now...Repeal/Replace. Phase 2 2018 with 60 GOP Senators... Total Free Market Repeal/ Replace! Start 2018 GOP Campaign today!
when will it pass???
LARRY knows nothing as this tweet shows
How does removing 22 million from the roles of the insured improve the nation's health?
#healthcare will not pass. GOP bill worthless. You being a good soldier. But high premiums on 50-64 age group disaster.
Health and growth for who larry
Bankruptcy due to medical expenditures effects multiple generations of a family.
Healthcare providers are bailing out of these exchanges leaving less choice. Ind. mandate is unconstitutional. What now?
Frend Larry, when is the last time you have been right about anything?
Get rid of ridiculous CBO which is obsolete and always wrong
Larry, I have to disagree. Ron Paul says there is another insurance slush fund in there and that is poison to our deficit and to healthcare.
of course it cuts taxes because IT IS A TAX CUT BILL. Do you think we're stupid? Axing medicare/-caid =(Preventable!!) deaths
@JohnCornyn please explain whose health it will improve. It will destroy my family's chance at healthcare if they try it again
Just because you say it does not mean anyone believes it. The country and your constituents can see what this is. It will not improve HC
Lame, we are in charge. They repealed it dozens of times when it didn't count.
Newsmax is the mouth piece of Trump Your only care if a win for Trump.No care who hurt just a win
If it aint perfect, why ram it down our throats?  Why cant we the people expect the Congress to get it right?
How many bodies are we prepared to step over chasing tax cuts for the wealthy?
Tax cuts = people lose healthcare. How is this what anyone wants? What kind of civil society do we want to be ultimately?
No Larry.@realdonaldtrump @LBcrats The greatest President in history will be the one to give us single payer health care.
What percentage of YOUR income are you willing to pay for single payor - would likely cost another 15-20% @JeffFlake @SenJohnMcCain #MAGA
That old man needs to retire.
You're right. It's not perfect. It's evil. It is actually vicious.
Larry what if you're wrong? Taxes are cut, the rich get richer & the economy improves marginally.
Obamacare is a colossal failure in Maricopa County AZ - have not seen any leadership from @RepDavid @SenJohnMcCain or @JeffFlake Sad! @POTUS
It's far from perfect hell its not even okay! This bill is nothing but a tax cut for the rich!!
@RandPaul @tedcruz @SenDeanHeller @RonJohnsonWI @senatormikelee These are the 5 Senators that can reform an entitlement or choose not to.
As usual...Wrong. You are a real hoot.
22 million fewer insured. Return to caps and preex. High risk pools controlled by sadists like Greg Abbott. Light years from perfect.
Cutting taxes doesn't boost the economy for the 90pct. You have no historical example to cite.
A tax cut isn't healthcare.
i agree!
Ban tobacco and demand for healthcare will plummet along with costs/premiums. The only way to lower costs is to lower demand.
Your bill does NOTHING to lower premiums, even Sen. Heller had to admit. It's just a tax cut for rich people, paid for by the rest of us.
@larry_kudlow in any compromise between good/evil it is only, and always, evil that wins. Better to do nothing than pass Obamacare-lite.
Now that you and the rest of the insane clown posse have been temporarily stopped, how about you stop trying to kill Americans and fund ACA?
GOP bill cuts spending on Medicaid by 26% by 2026. That's where the savings come from. Remember Trump promised no Medicaid cuts.

Need a better message to countermand liberal "people will die" hysteria
Or perhaps a better bill.
This is a tax cut bill paid for by stealing billions from working people & destroying health care for millions. Time to start over.
So, that's what you say to 22 million Americans?  Growth for the few at the expense of the many. Such class.
How can GOP look at children w/ special health care needs and decide it's more important to give the rich another tax cut? #Trumpcare
Repeal ACA, orchestrate orderly return to the status quo ante, then make the tweaks that WERE ALL THAT WERE EVER NEEDED IN THE 1ST PLACE!!!
TRUMPCARE =sickcare!! It does not help the nation have access!
Winter is coming...
If it contains the mandates and penalties, no thanks.
I believe you. You're one of the good ones and one of the smartest guys out there. Cheers!
Trusted and respected @larry_kudlow KNOWS THE SCORE.
Why did only 5 GOP senators publicly support the bill?
Maybe.  Trust of the people is lost.
What do u say 2: American Cancer Society, Nat'l Govs Assoc., American Heart Assoc., AARP, American Hospital Assoc., etc. that say otherwise?
It's a tax cut.  Own it. But wealth inequality has grown for decades so let's stop kidding ourselves that the benefits will trickle down.
Cut taxes to the rich and hurt Americans. Vote NO
keep deluding yourself and deceiving your followers.
Is this ignorance or malice @JohnCornyn @larry_kudlow? I can help you read the CBO score...#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoBCRA
This is wild. The tax cuts 400 families get from the BCRA equals the Medicaid expansion for 700,000+ people. https://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2017/6/26/15862002/tax-cuts-ahca-republican-health-plan …
Wow you will admit your wrong. Gee that will make the millions of people that lost their insurance, suffered and maybe died feel better.
@JohnCornyn @newsmax oh goody, more trickle down crap. Has been tried & failed MULTIPLE TIMES! Ask kansas!
Oops, not quite Larry. Ya think this group will ever get the hang of governing?
Doesn't address the underlying cost issues with healthcare. Must shine light on costs & ramp up competition. Stop throwing good $ after bad!
Why should we be happy that a HEALTHCARE bill cuts taxes n boosts the economy?  What about the health part???
If a Reagan economic adviser supports it- must be AWFUL. Reagan increased national debt 181% (highest of all Presidents) & inflation grew 4x
Americans want choice. Dems don't like choice-thus gave the annointed one, HRC and cheated to win nomination.
6 yrs to come up with a solution and all GOP can do is this? Pathetic!
Yeah you're not telling the truth. The GOP is no longer the Republican Party, they are the Donner Party.
Funny, Nobel Prize winning economists disagree.
You are so right thanks for all you do
How does it "improve nation's health" when 22 million people will lose health insurance?
Why don't they go after the insurance companies? Bringing back lifetime limits on insurance justify that Larry and preexisting conditions.
The cut in healthcare spending will cause job losses!
Hope so
Health Care I prefer the @RandPaul plan. Doctor knows best!
What happened to getting rid the 50 state line monopolies, of the health ins companies? Lobbyists wrote the bill. @larry_kudlow @newsmax
Oh, it WILL pass.  And I am going to be OVERJOYED when every one of those moronic trumpanzees LOSE THEIR HEALTHCARE!  Thin that herd!
people dying is still a bad thing, and not all of them are republican anyway
Hey, it's gonna happen. They're doing it t themselves (I said TRUMPANZEES) so, no, I don't feel sorry f them. Not one bit.
do you feel sorry for the many people who aren't them that will die as a result of this?
U need t read my tweets t find out.
just reading a bit of your main feed? Doesn't seem like it. You just seem angry at Trump, and like you want him to be punished, honestly.
Try harder. & spend ur time on the R senators. Perhaps that'd b more productive.
A surface level reading is all a potentially on the fence conservative, disgusted by the recent bill, is likely to give you.
GOP said Bush tax cuts would create jobs, Obamacare would kill them. Businesses lost 3.8M jobs b/n 7/01 & 3/10, have created 16.5M since.
Trickle-down Reaganomics? That's your solution for our healthcare situation? Any of that makes sense to you?
If it's not a FULL REPEAL 1st then it's still ACA! If it quacks like a duck & walks like a duck 
interesting position, from what you said, I'm guessing you want the Gov. to have not part in healthcare, does that extend to the EMTALA?
How does this cut help the middle class schnook? Single payer. Larry you need to pay higher taxes, sorry .
Thanks Jesus im not pres
This is an ignorant analysis of what is about to happen to healthcare and actual human beings under this GOP plan. Shame on you, Larry.
Weak arguments, poorly made. Dem percentage pickup in last 4 special elections easily enough to flip the House if maintained, maybe Senate.
I have very little faith this passes.  Rs will find a way to screw it up.
Larry needs that 3.5% tax cut. How does he justify "improve nation's health" or like you does he just say it so it's true. Show us truth!
bad bill get it right then pass.  It is time to vote for the citizens who will vote you out.
You might start with presenting a health plan instead of a wealth plan. Seems crazy, I know. But give it a whirl. #worstsenatorinusa
It's not a health care bill it's a tax cut 4 you and trump cronies stop calling it a healthcare bill
Grow up @JohnCornyn. People are sick of the divide and @GOP needs to work with colleagues to make better bill.
The heartless money grubbing republicans 22million without healthcare as long as u get a damn tax cut u r pathetic ppl making 26kwl pay 6kyr
thank you for the optimism Larry!
How stupid do you think we are? Massive tax cuts for the super wealthy DOES NOT REFORM HEALTHCARE!!!!!!
Might as well split the baby and grandma. #ImpeachTrump #FlushTheToilet #TrumpcaresUnAmerican #TaxCutsForRichDicks
Um. Do better. Try asking a few of the smart women on the hill, you jerks.
the "half loaf" is the 22,000,000 who lose their health care?
Bottom line. Left failed US w/ incompetant ACA. Right had 7 yrs to perfect a fix. They fumbled. They have great health plans. Pathetic.
The ACA did best in states that built their own exchange and expanded Medicaid because it gave states more negotiation power
The McConnell plan does nothing to reduce costs. It's really mostly about tax cuts, and less about finding a way to tackle price inflation
You kick 22mil+ off their healthcare & casually say this? How dare you Cornyn, RT this utter b#llsh!t. We Don't Want the ACA Repealed.

That's a joke! It will not boost economy! Within 16 mo the economic upturn seen under Obama will be done! GTHOH! This bill is for the rich!
this is not about health care this is about the 5% tax on those who make 5 million or more, the object of all this is to get rid of tax
Gee, Larry, I sure hope you're right about that.  Something needs to happen.  Congress doesn't seem to agree with me on that.
Very much disagree. @gop will now own the continued failure of Obama policies
"It ain't perfect" is a really nice euphemism for "flaming dumpster fire that cheats the poor and sick to help the rich." Reagan would weep.
You are crazy - show your work - where are the facts - nothing you say is worth repeating
Go back to drawing board, get bipartisan support for a better bill
#lie
