Really? Austin? Yet no town hall? 

How many constituents did you meet with?

Hey @CNN @nytimes @washingtonpost @maddow #NoTownHallsInTexas
And you found no place to have a town hall. Bravo senator! How do you spell "useless?"
.@JohnCornyn be genuine, John: in last week and a half, you visited special interests all across Texas, and ignored your constituents.
did you happen to catch the results of #GA06? What was the swing %?

Expect us.
They refuse to believe we exist. That will be their downfall. #StrongerTogether #TXdem
Oh we know you fruitcakes exist.  All 200 of you.
 Yep. Exactly like that. Thanks for making my point so clearly. Have a wonderful day.
62 to 34 percent in 2014. That's with illegals voting in liberal precincts. Keep on banging your head against wall snow flake
Nah the real fool is someone from Kentucky not understanding that Texas is a solid Republican state and will be for at least couple decades
Sen. Cornyn, are you understanding the outrage on your feed?  You are AWOL in regard to 99.999% of your constituents. Please do better.
Did you really visit Austin? Because your constituents sure as shit didn't see you. #TownHall #DoYourJob
Those cities would make for fine town halls.
I'd ask about a meaningful dialogue with average constituents, but am somewhat tired of endless silence as an answer. #DoYourJob #uwork4us!
Did you host any town halls to listen to your constituents?  If you're not going to bother, we'll select someone that gives a shit in 2020.
#TownHall much?
No town hall in Austin but, apparently, a "call" hall. That's not a discussion, sir. Meet face to face with your constituents.
Where were the town halls? Your voters have a bone to pick with you!!!
Can you list the businesses you visited with in each of these cities, please?
but still no town hall. Only meets with donors or people u think r u base
And how many town halls have you held? #TownHall
And yet, not once did you meet with your constituents publicly. Shame. #goodbye #2020 #DoYourJob
So, Cornyn 8, Constituents 0. I'm sure you got donor $ in those trips. You'll need it in 2020 when we come after you! #DoYourJob #TownHall
@JohnCornyn math: $1=1constituent. If he went to 1 meeting with 1 wealthy businessman who gave him $300, that would equal 301 constituents.
If only you would have come to Houston and hosted a #TownHall.  I would have loved the opportunity to visit with you.
also...i find it interesting that you say this with pride...since you don't really seem to care very much at all about the state...
Town Halls wanted not sight seeing and photo opts
Dallas town hall?  Hmmm. How was the golf?  Did your caddy get a chance to ask you abt min wage
Austin? When? Did you just check in to your office? I'd love to have a chat, but unfortunately I can't afford to have afternoon tea in DC
Town halls?
Any town halls? Or only photo ops?
And somehow avoided actually talking with constituents in all those places.  Impressive!
I hope your paying Twitter for the screen time your consuming.  You must have an election coming up.
And, in all those visits, why did you not hold a townhall?  And by townhall I mean a real, live, in person townhall, not a fake teletownhall
Thanks for omitting your Mission, TX visit where you tried to influence Hispanic voters by accepting an award. We now know your priorities.
Lots of visiting, and NO TOWNHALLS?!?
But, no town halls... You had ONE JOB, man. Represent your constituents. ONE JOB. #failure
and still no town halls.  i hate to sound like my mother, but shame on you.  we're STILL waiting....
Senator this is not as a slam. I was just wondering if you'll come to Corpus Christi. Lots going on with infrastructure  and a lot more
And never met with the people you serve! Nothing to brag about here John. You are dsplaying your cowardice and lack of respect for  us FRAUD
Nice John.  Now call a town hall meeting
Cornyn avoided holding townhall meetings in San Angelo, Corsicana, Texarkana, Fort Worth, Austin, Abilene, Midland and Dallas.
Fixed it!
but what @ that town hall?
Still waiting for that constituent town hall in Austin. Or even San Antonio. I'd take the drive! #DoYourJob
Got that right!
When is your town hall?
Loved your Town Hall in San Antonio, John. Oh, I forgot. You didn't have one here.
Do you ever plan on holding a town hall in Austin?
Why didn't you come to Houston?  There are around 6.8 million people in the Houston metro area.  We'd like a town hall.
Yes but did you stop?  Did you ask any questions?  Listen to any constituents?   Didn't think so
Gosh, so much travelling without a single town hall. Meanwhile O'Rourke traveled, campaigned against Cruz and held a townhall
Wow! Just read so many tweets from those of us that will show you our appreciation for NOT #doingyourjob
And didn't attend a meeting with your constituents ...... even once
And not 1 single town hall. No, this does not excuse your flagrant disregard for us and your cowardice in meeting with us face to face.
Did you visit those places to tell them that you support MORE work visas and Texan/American workers aren't as important as immigrant ones?
.@JohnCornyn Listen to your constituents. That's all we're asking for, and (by the way) it's your job. #CornynDoYourJob
Liar! You have not had a Town Hall meeting. Period. You met with your buddies.
#DoYourJob#Townhall
Missed u Austin. Tele town hall useless, insulting. Repair ACA, No war, No to budget. Keep SS and Medicare. HANDS OFF MEDICARE TRUST!
You never announced where you would be. Your office does not take calls. You are unresponsive.
Where did you have your town hall?
Yes, and like 6 to 15 people in each little city...how about a town hall????
Are you not running again for this office in 2020? Maybe that's why you ignore constituent requests for town halls?
I bet O'Rourke & Castro wld have town halls if they were our Senators. Maybe u & Ted could even attend to see what they r like.
All those stops but no town halls tells Texas voters all we need to know.
and no town halls?
Nothing better than Texas barbecue.
God Bless Texas!!
when were you in Austin? I subscribe to your newsletter and it never mentioned it
on our TAX DOLLAR - and NO TOWN Halls - #outin2018 @txlege @TXDemWomen @statesman @dallasmorningnews @HoustonChron Not nearly good enough!
He only went to these places for photo ops! He snuck in and out of each location! Why don't you come back to Texas for good? Vote him out!
So fake
What about Corpus Christi!
Wow, were any of those visits to conduct Town Halls with your constituents, or do you not care about what they have to ask and say?
Where were the Town Hall meetings? Your PR team stinks at getting those publicized. #DoYourJob  #representyourconstituents
Yet not a single #TownHall #shameful  #cowardlycornyn
You twit...under-paid truckers do this in a day!  And you want to take their possible raise and insurance away!
You were in Dallas but didn't have a town hall meeting? Shame on you!
and no town halls with constituents? Hmmm.
We need cheaper better health insurance NOW  #trumpcare
I missed your town hall in Austin. Oh wait, it's because you didn't have one. #DoYourJob
No people like Texans — you might try making some of those events the dreaded town halls.
You checking out retirement communities?  Were coming for ya in 2020 no townhall =no support your lying cheating profiteering days are over
But no town halls.
Except you neglected to hold a town hall in Austin, & that must be because you're afraid of us @TX21Indivisible
But how many constituents that don't fall in line with your beliefs did you talk to?
Between you and @tedcruz  I'm not understanding why we have had no #TownHall meetings. Are y'all worried about questions we might have?
You don't get it, do you?
Yet not one town hall meeting. You will now be referred to as Chickenshit Cornyn  #yourlastterm 
& how did your town halls go? Were they full? Contentious? Exciting? Oh that's right you're a coward so you didn't have any.
And you did it all for photo opps and donor meetings!! We aren't stupid, John. You can stop patting yourself on the back now.
Was there a town hall meeting? No. You were wallowing with backslappers who hang your picture next to a flag that you don't represent. Shame
Wish you had let constituents know you were in all of these places.
Glad you met with your donors, but when do you plan on facing your constituents?
And in San Angelo, Corsicana, Texarkana, Fort Worth, Austin, Abilene, Midland and Dallas, no Town Halls. #JohnCornyMissing
You could present GOP work on nepotism, emoulements, frequent golf vacations, special prosecutor, & high crimes & misdemeanors as start. Fun
Next time you decide to visit Texans try to visit those who aren't donors and have Qs for you. Try college towns with engaged young voters!
Probably for the reason that we are Mexican cultured Americans that look nothing like you!
It would have been great to actually meet you and express my concerns, as a constituent! Why no #townhall?
That's the only thing we agree on Senator
But did you talk to anyone other than those who didn't validate your ego?
Best comment ever
#2dowhat?#vacation ?#taxpay$
Forget the travel log! You and The Ninja need to focus on getting something done like healthcare and tax reform?
Why not Houston with ur constituents senator?  Looking forward to having a good conversation.
Well hope you get back to D.C. And get that wall funded, OC replaced and Tax Reform you have had enough vacations.
Damn right. You couldn't drag me back to Trenton.
But you can't take the Guido out of Vito.
and yet no town halls.
Did you happen to see @tedcruz?  I hear he is missing.
Did you have a Town Hall?
You visited those that  give you money.   You hide from constituents.   Coward.
Your constituents deserve answers. If all you're gonna do is stage photo ops & meet with special interests, don't bother coming home at all.
I do believe you are afraid of us.   Why?   Not able to justify your votes?   
#LastTermCornyn 
#Townhall 
#WePayYourSalary
When is the last time you had a person to person town hall?  Phone halls don't matter.
Thanks Senator Cornyn for showing us what's important to you (big league clue, it's not us, your constituents). What a shame.
and yet, no #TownHall...
Yet no time for a town hall? Your constituents are being ignored. Do your job.
All those visits - but how many town halls?
Except NOT ONE SINGLE TOWN HALL you chicken! Meeting with folks that r gonna lick all over u is NOT governing!
did U forget Htown? been waiting SOOO long to see U. even called the artist of #FearlessGirl & commissioned "ChickenShitMoc" in Ur likeness.
Taxpayer funded vacations are great!
Need to fix Obamacare and reform Taxes!!
You need to be removed along with Trump Administration you do not represent Texas well only a minority of the state Shame on you!
#TownHall Houston???!!!
And yet you haven't met with your constituents who don't meet some little special interest that might get you some money.
What about the panhandle?!
8 cities. 0 town halls. #DoYourJob #TownHall
There are constituents north of Dallas and Midland also. You are supposed to work for ALL Texans. Just saying.
Still no Townhall, what (who?) are you afraid of?
But yet, no town hall.
oh..did you have a town hall????
And I assume you collected a healthy check in each city while meeting with as few constituents as possible. So, time well spent.
Did you hold any town halls and actually talk to your constituents?  Nothing on website or press on where to go to have a chat with you??
Still lots of Mexicans and Muslims around, I'm sure your disappointed you haven't been able to deport them quicker.
And not a single town hall. Come on, man! Do your job!
Like minds...
And not a true town hall in sight. Stop being a tourist and do your job. #theresistance
