Tweet as endorsement?
Your career has been a big mistake. It would only make sense to a drugged or decaying mind.
I think @MikeStuchbery_ just posted something. You should go tweet about it 30 times.
You're a big mistake
Some might say the same thing about you, but here we are.
You don't read polls? Every state referendum points this direction.
What's a big mistake John? The fact you're a partisan hack who should have been voted out long ago? That part's actually true.
I hope it passes...I hope you vote for it.  I don't have high hopes, but a man can dream.
any big mistakes made by you lately john?
There must be more personal dinero  in #ForProfit prisons, than legalizing weed. 
Title of your autobiography?
Well, that's sure an informative stance.

Per usual.
Are you insane? It's a sensible idea, in that it takes power away from the cartels, increases tax revenues, helps with the opioid epidemic.
This is the most comprehensive explanation I have read. Covers the benefits in financial, criminal, and health areas in 140 characters 
Why is it a mistake?
Probably against "Christian" values, but ok for trump to lie, cheat, collude, assault women, be a racist/misogynist , oppress poor ...
I agree. It was a big mistake for Texas to send you to DC.
Your interns tweets would be much better  #cornygoals.
How many years did we have alcohol constitutionally illegal before we realized it was a big mistake? #LEGALIZE #LegalizeCannabis
Also let's talk about industrial hemp production... grows like a weed, saves us from deforestation, will help the economy too. #LegalizeIt
Cornyn severely misunderstands his base.
You WILL be replaced. Your views are severely outdated.
Since you are replying to tweets, how can some extended office hours in all your offices?
Willy Nelson is a truer Texan than you could ever hope to be in your most addled dreams
Big mistake is keeping you in office. Texans we need to remedy our mistake!
Wow.  Just looking at the replies.  Does anybody agree with you??
@JohnCornyn and here I thought you were a free market capitalist. Guess not!
Why? What exactly is the mistake here? Get your head out of the sand, do the research, and join the 21st-century.
How so? Last I checked alcohol was more dangerous than marijuana.
So you can continue Prison for Profit, Policing for Revenue, Big Pharma and Alcohol Sales? Or just the Racism of Anslinger?
Helps with opioid epidemic 
Reduces overcrowding in jails
Allows people back into workforce
Keeps families together 
Increase in tax revenue
As big a mistake as the way you and @SenateMajLdr handled that whole health care repeal and replace thingy?
Resign liar #NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer
We find no evidence of the individual market collapsing. Rather, insurers on track to have best year since ACA began http://www.kff.org/health-reform/issue-brief/individual-insurance-market-performance-in-early-2017/ … 
"#Marijuana Prohibition today; marijuana prohibition forever! -.@GOPSenMajority" The #mistake is the affront to #liberty. #GOP must end it.
As unusual! American want to move in one direction and you do just the opposite. Your our Elected official not our father
You are the big mistake.  Hold townhall meetings. We have a lot to say.
your tweet was a big mistake?
@JohnCornyn doesn't have any investments in Marijuana industry, so naturally he's opposed. He's holding out for his payoffs. #FlushTheToilet
You're in that Jeff Sessions' weed smokers are horrible people group, huh?
Which part? The money for schools and communities or the less lives ruined?
Let's just keep the pharmaceutical companies happy, that way, they keep lining his pockets. Why you think this is a BIG mistake, senator?
How many pot head killed people while driving?  How many drunk drivers killed people? Duh
Ur a big mistake #TXVoter
Yes, you were.
This Texas voter totally supports nationwide legalization!
You got stock in private prisons or something?
"Big mistake"...says Texas' Big Mistake
Which one? Trump writing jnr,s statement,e.g. pushing Seth rich story or you and GOP cont,d support for @realDonaldTrump ? @ tx lege #resist
That's really a shame. The bill is common-sense legislation that is the first step in remedying the atrocities of the so-called War on Drugs
You seem to be on the wrong side of every issue. Sad!!
Psst, that weed you hate is a lot less dangerous than all that Koch you snort. Just saying.
And how cash much do you receive from private prison political action committees and their lobbyists?
You're just a self-serving aristocrat.
How is it a big mistake? It is an economic powerhouse in those states that have legalized it. Open ur mind on how to make it work.
If legalized, then it becomes impossible to bust minorities w/ possession. We all know certain kids holding get let off more so than others.
Why? Provide your justification for turning down a huge tax revenue stream...
Can we get you old, white guys out of office? Time to #VoteOutTheIncumbent in 2020! #Vote2020 #VoteOutCornyn
Thomas Sowell, William F. Buckley, Ayn Rand, & Milton Friedman say LEGALIZE It & end the drug war! Support liberty!
You should be sure to state that clearly in your next campaign platform.
Please explain (with empirical evidence ) why it's a mistake.
Huh?
You should support freedom and small business, sad to see you instead support drug lords and racist policies
Locking up citizens for possession and personal use of the flower of a plant is the big mistake, Senator.
Only if you like having 25% of the global incarcerated population in the US and/or have stock in private prisons. Go @CoryBooker!
Your tweet, or just having you in the senate?
Big mistake? Think of the revenue. You're supposed to be pro business.
Is there any scientific or economic basis for your position that you can articulate? I would really like to understand it
Big mistake...what? Are you supporting or against this? Who is prohibition good for other than your major private prison donors John?
You know why this is still virtually a secret?
https://twitter.com/_sirtainly/status/844663069590634497 …
Because you & your colleagues are silent.
48: NOT SO SECRET NOW! #WilburRoss & RUSSIAN MONEY LAUNDERING!
Cabinet Pick With Secret Ties To Putin And Oligarchs
https://www.dcreport.org/2017/02/25/another-cabinet-pick-with-secret-ties-to-putin-and-oligarchs/ … 
As big a mistake as colluding with Russia or no?
nah it's cool you should get on board
Why?  This is long overdue.  It should be a state issue.
