What one Whip is reading about the other Whip https://twitter.com/JohnCornyn/status/856278182198206465 …
That's just silly-it's a complex issue for many. And if you support rejection of Medicaid expansion $, aren't you anti-life? 1000s have died
I'm surprised conservative senators don't care about Russia involvement in our elections!
Because goodness know Republicans are so welcoming to pro-choice people...
I know many pro-life Dems. They differ from Pro-life Reps in that they don't condone unnecessarily mass murdering people (MOAB) #Dipshidiot
Unnecessary*
Repubs claim to be about less gvt interference and more personal freedom but not when it comes to controlling women. It's just a talking pt
The Democratic party supports bodily autonomy as part of its platform. As should all. Not up to the government to decide for women.
There are respected pro choice repblcns (Collins, Murkowski) Tomi Lahren is a misguided young lady that sold a brand name to the competition
And there are respected pro lifers in the Democratic Party. There's an entire 501c3 dedicated to electing pro-life Democrats.
What about the Perez statements?
Sloppy and impertinent. And I imagine after talking with Democratic leaders he'll back off and go back to the view he embraced before Friday
He is ridiculously militant presently.   All the rants.  Do you think he will be effective?
I think he's feeling his way. Before Friday, he embraced the idea of getting Democrats elected wherever he can.
I think he's trying to find the balance between that, and the language that gets donations from the Dem base.
I'm surprised that: u won't have a town hall., won't investigate #45, allowed Texas 2 have highest maternal mortality rate, & votd 4 DeVoss
Texas’ Maternal Mortality Rate Tops Any Developed Country. What are Lawmakers Doing About It?
Soviet Russia here we come! Thanks John!
Pro choice in gop ?  Nope.  Are you surprised now as well.  You condescending twit.
they don't feel they have no choice but to abort. I believe that yes, there are times abortion is appropriate. I do NOT believe all-male
panels and politicians should make this choice. I do NOT believe in demonizing women who do abort. I do NOT believe anyone should make that
choice for another person. I, John, would most certainly not be welcome in your party with those beliefs. Sit down, please.
Pro-life is fine, or it would be if pro-life wasn't innuendo for anti-choice, anti-woman, and pro-forced birth.
This, all day. Pro-lifers use their platform as a weapon. It's not about protecting life, but about sticking it to liberals.
And I am shocked that white supremacists are welcome in your party.
Word. Let's talk about this @JohnCornyn. Hypocritical much? You & GOP sold your souls to the devil for Trump. How do you sleep at night?
let us know if you can get him to talk. #texastownhall #johncornynismissing
You don't care if women keep their zygotes or not. It's just a way to hype your rabid base. They don't care either. Just want to seem pious
They are welcome,if they are also pro-child health,pro-education,pro-15, pro-prison reform.YOUR "pro-lifers" are pro-forced birth,anti-life.
@JohnCornyn It is just that I am surprised A-holes like yourself are so welcome in the Republican Party.
He isn't the whole party John
We are all pro-life. Pro birth control & sex ed. Pro life thru no more gun deaths. Pro life thru universal health care for longer life!
That's not true, and you know it's not...ridiculous, aren't you?  That's like saying you can be anti-gun or pro-choice and be a Republican.
I am not surprised with the obstruction of investigation into Trump/Russia by the GOP. Do your job and request an independent investigation.
If you mean pro-birthers who could care less about children after they're born, people like yourself, then sure, who would welcome them?
We are not unwelcome John. We just need to leave room for others. Not everyone has my belief system doesn't meant I have to shove it down
I'm surprised because I'm a Democrat and they are welcomed by me...
Sorry, that is not how Iread the line.  "back women's rights as we've defined them under the law"
Rs aren't pro life they are pro birth. Once a child leaves the womb you all cease to care. You sir are a hypocrite. #TownHall near 75189.
B/c u r pro-birth John not pro-life. U don't care what happens 2 mom/babe after birth; u cut SNAP, TANF, Medicaid, job training #hypocrites
Good Grief! Does your hypocrisy never end!!!
pro-choicers, anti-gunners, anti-death-penaltyers, and pro-prenatal-carers are not overly populous in the @GOP.
It's just that I'm surprised  that people of color , LGBTQ, women and the poor are constantly attacked by the #GOP
most of us are pro choice.  It's a personal decision by the woman.  Not you,  not your party.   We could explain it at #TownHall
Especially considering their stance on guns, amiright?
@JohnCornyn It's possible to say something untrue honestly, but it doesn't make it true or ethical to say it. Care to talk ethics with us?
Democrats are pro life: they want healthcare for all, abolish capitol punishment and mandatory minimims, educate the people, and more.
Are there any pro-choice Republicans?
do not know who does ur twitter for u, but they r supremely stupid! Ought to read the article before posting crap...makes u look like trump!
They aren't pro-life, they are pro-birth. I know a lot of fellow Democrats doing all they can to prevent abortion.
misrepresentation is the same as lying @johncornyn do you even read what you post?Evidently NOT. @txlege @TXDemWomen @statesman roll on 2020
I think any time someone want to force their beliefs on others is wrong. Last I looked, abortions are options and not mandated.
Not everyone can be as pro-choice as you, John. As I promised last week, each time you use a sketchy source, I'm making a donation to...
@PPGreaterTX on your behalf. You've now raised $100 for them in a week, which I'm requesting be used solely for abortions, since...
I'm not surprised that you held NO townhalls to hear from your cinstituents.  GOP = party over country; party over constituents; a Wall!
Name the pro-choice Republicans and then I will see you surprise as genuine, not another wedge in an already divisive political environment
'Ask the GOP about Climate Change: "I'm not a scientist!"  But when it comes to women's choices, they're all doctors.'RD
I'm just surprised that an all male committee makes decisions about WOMEN'S rights!
I am Pro-Life...I am Democrat...I support those lives after they are born...not just until they are born...big difference...you don't.
Democrats are pro-life. We believe in caring for humans post birth which is more than can be said about the GOP.
Pro-lifers welcome. Pro-birthers discouraged. Life extends past birth.
Want less abortions? Support families, expanding social safety net, comprehensive sex ed, and BCPs. Otherwise you're just probirth.
Pro life welcome. People who want to legislate what women can do with their bodies are not. There's a huge difference.
Pro-lifers always welcome.  (We did have one as our leader--Reid) Pro-birth/anti-woman?  Not so much.
Pro-life is welcome as long as it includes something more than pro-birth. True pro-life should support health, education, equality, etc.
As surprising as one being able to hide behind the pro-life catch phrase when they are only pro-birth.
That's a lie! I am Democrat and pro life!
And your constituents are surprised that you won't meet with us in town halls. Guess life's full of surprises, huh?
Are we talking about people with actual respect for life, or the right wing political movement that exploits babies and motherhood to kill?
Just the pro-lifers who want to legislate their personal beliefs onto the rest of us. See the difference? (rolls eyes)
Yeah, your all about pro-life but love constant warfare where people die & the death penalty. Typical Republican #hypocrite
You can't lump voters in with party leaders & politicians. @DNC would need to change platform. @NancyPelosi is a #fraud
Texas has the highest maternal death rate because of "pro life" anti- woman policies. Your hypocrisy is clear.
What a hugely general statement to make. Be careful what you tweet. It will always come back to haunt you.
Pro-health care for all is pro-life.  Pro school lunch is pro-life.  Anti-death penalty is pro-life. Pro gun control is pro-life.
I went to a Republican women's club meeting once and the first question out of the hostess' mouth was, "What's your position on abortion?"
Maybe it was your wife, @JohnCornyn
I'm pro life and a democrat. I'd really appreciate if old middle aged men stop debating women's health. #electmorewomen
the proper terminology is anti-choicers and it restricts women's rights. Why on earth would anyone do that to women?
Your blantant lies should embarrass you. Now look at you once the child in born the GOP attacks, no food, no insurance, women no healthcare
Really when has a liberal ever listen to a different point of view then there's they typically leave the area
You're either a Russian bot or severely undereducated because this "sentence" doesn't make sense. Bye, Vladimir!
Hey John, when is your next Town Hall?
Another day...another lie. #FlipTexas2020
Who is the highest ranking Pro-Choice Republican in Congress right now?  Asking for a friend.
John, where in the article does it say that you can't be pro-life and a Dem or that pro-lifers are unwelcome??
Which stance follows the law, John? Democrats "Stand for Roe v Wade" or Replutocrats "Let's be subversive, obstructionist to Roe v Wade."
No. They are. You are not.
GOP is only pro birth. Their lack of assistance after birth bothers me the most.
You are so wrong. And the fact that u support tRumpf and his Russian co-harts just means you are as corrupt as he is!#TrumpRussiaCoverUp
#100daysofshame
Not true. We just respect an individual right to choose. Keep the elephant (GOP) out of the womb! #iliveintexasand willvoteyouout!
Honest question: would you endorse @CharlieBakerMA for the Republican Pres. nomination?  Pro-life position prob. keeps him from GOP nom.
No way
Any pro-lifers in the Republican party. Pro birthers maybe, but after that...pro disenfranchisement, pro private prisons & pro death penalty
I call it pro-fetus, seems that's all they're concerned with. How you pay for the birth, food, education etc. women are on their own.
Cornyn, you have voted to fund Planned Parenthood on a number of occasions...
I  am surprised by conservative politicians' simultaneous pro-life support & pro-death penalty support.
My MIL explained it to me- the unborn are innocent and the "other" is fallen because man is depraved with a sin nature...
Many on death row have been proven innocent after their deaths.Also,disproportionate # of poor&minorities on death row.
so Republicans welcome pro-choice?
Pro Lifers don't belong in a modern civilized society. Such archaic fanatical beliefs have no place in government. New #Secular Order
You are such a big Twitter tough guy. I appreciate your phone town hall Evan though it's seems like a wimpy thing to do.  #cowardcornyn
You Lie!

We are not surprised.  #Resign
So not true.
Do you say this stuff to set people off? It is just dumb.
Perhaps men should give up their viagra.  You should focus on caring for women's health.
@BetoORourke @TheDemocrats @HouseDemocrats @SenateDems   Dick is wrong.  Leave this to individuals.  Democrats need more room in tent to win
They are welcome but for their job they need to follow the law as stated in the article.
Pro choice is pro life
Oh yeah - back to the throwing stones in glass houses.  The GOP is being destroyed by the charlatan in the White House you blindly support.
That's certainly untrue
Well women/minorities arent respected by yours(which used to be mine) & many who don't think abortion should be legislated are anti abortion
Is it hard to be so hypocritical or does it come natural to you?  What do you plan to do with your life after you lose your election in 2020
U GOPers got more to worry about then Dems. Your problem is Trump &hope he don't start WWIII. Don't try & use the Dems as a distraction!
If you don't believe in abortion, don't have one. Stay out of my daughter's uterus.
You're pro-birth. You cannot be pro war, pro death penalty, and defund planned parenthood and claim to be pro-life.
Does it bother you that your party's health plan is pro-death?
I'm a "It's not my right to force my beliefs on another's legal choices" conservative. I do take umbrage at senators breaking oaths to Con.
Im surprised TX has highest maternal mortality in US and some of the most restrictive abortion laws and u cld care less.
Not true! Stop misleading. GOP is hostile to anyone who is pro-choice. Merrick Garland. Come over and you'll be welcomed. No box turtles.
the DEMs care not about America But only about their political power. They are the worst of oppressive maniacs demanding support me or else
You can be prolife, just not antichoice.
Do you care TX has highest maternal death rate in US & rising infant mortality rate? You don't do anything to improve them w good healthcare
They don't care. As long it's blacks and Mexicans they think it's gods work.
Yeah since pro-choicers certainly are NOT welcome in your party. Makes perfect sense.
@nielslesniewski Would you say pro-choicers are welcome in the Republican party John?  I ask because I am a PC Republican.
So worried about women's rights John, I find this disingenuous #complicit
No, protection of life is of paramount importance.
FALSE
Maybe for you, as a communist, that may be true, but as a patriotic Texan, it's absolutely true for me.
You are probably not as surprised as the young children that will lose their Health Care, public schools & future for their plant under Reps
Once again, sir, you aren't fooling (or convincing) anyone.
Don't fucking call anyone in this country "pro-life" when a million+ children die yearly from lack of food. #ProBirthAtBest #EndWorldHunger
And access to good healthcare they can afford.
Any you're cutting the school lunch program, which includes a breakfast.  Your part, @JohnCornyn, is NOT pro-life.
I think most America's voters would rather talk about a more urgent issue:  ACA, budget, taxes & nobody wants that damn wall!  From TX 21st!
#Pro-Life is an oxymoron. @JohnCornyn 
U may be #Pro-Birth, but your actions/policies don't support everyone's right to #Life
#Trumprussia #TrumpColluded #25thamendment
God bless you and your family! Stay strong for Texas!!
Open your eyes and get yourself informed. Your Congressmen are destroying TX and lining their pockets with money. Pay attention.
Thank you for your comment. I try to encourage everyone. I'm not that well informed, but learning everyday. God bless!
I understand but am concerned that folks are getting hurt & taken advantage of. Keep learning. It's important. God Bless you & yours.
Pro lifers are welcome in the Democratic Party. Anti-choice misogynists are not.
Are you surprised pro-choicers aren't welcome in the Republican Party?
We're also not fond of Nazis, neo-Confederates, serial killers, commies, Iranian-style theocrats, con artists, and, weirdly, penguins.
But the @GOP is full of them including the WH.
They are. That's not what he said at all. Read past the headline. You are disgustingly incompetent
Hard to take someone serious who cannot correctly name other party #DemocraticParty
Give up your percist requirements on a great thought. Autocorrection does not allow precision. Spare me you angst
Well I did give up trying to understand your tweet so there's that
I wish our parties could go back to being big tent with varying beliefs. The GOP isn't welcoming of pro-choicers.
Just like Mexicans, Muslims, Black, poor,  unwelcome in Republican Party. Give me a self righteous break
Why the surprise, Senator. Them dumbocraps don't like babies. They prefer muslims and nongenders. #JustSaying
I'm a Dem., & I like babies. I also see our nation as a diverse people living their own lives which should be honored. What's your dealio?
Then, why do you promote killing them in the womb? Abortion in ninth month of gestation is murder. Democraps are murderers.
