Just horrible.
Deep condolences to his wife and family. Another tragic day in what has become a long list of tragic days...
That suvks
Killed by the Islamic religion of peace.

So sad.
Tragedy.
That's partly on Trumps Bloody Hands.
bahahaha that's a stretch. Saying it doesn't make it true bud. Like the all-caps, tho.
Those darn Islamic Terrorist. I know what will fix it. A couple candles and a Pray for .......

So sad....
Trumps fault???
So sorry
Beyond heartbreaking, he went to the bathroom #rip
You mean Muslim/Islamic terrorism? Committed by Muslims in the name of Allah (piss be upon him) against any non-Muslim.
You mean that copycat attack Wolf Blitzer was talking about?
Terrible.
Heart breaking
I live in Lafayette. 25K people. It will hit this town hard. Very sad, prayers for their family
Oakland here, too. Sending love to Lafayette. Wish we could take the pain away. 
Don't get me wrong, CNN is fake news today, but I blame that on the CNN leadership.
So sad!
May he R.I.P.
so, like,are you for or against vetting and border control Jake?
Twitter needs to add button. Condolences to his family and friends. Hope we manage to find an end to the hate and terrorists. 
Exactly ....putting a like on this type tweet doesn't FEEL RIGHT 
Cc @Twitter @jack
Oh my God...  
(right in our back yard too. (~ )
radical muslims terrorists
That's one of many reasons why this Trump hating atheistic urban liberal has serious reservations about massive Muslim immigration.
Thoughts and prayers! Horrible news!

By Islamo-Nazi fascists. Don't forget to mention.
So pointless. What do these people think they’re accomplishing.
Prayers and condolences for his family and loved ones.
So so sad 
Turn their journalists loose to find the truth and they are a force to be reckoned with. Great job on The National Lead, "Inside AntiFa"
Fox News is in trouble if Jake Tapper returns to his keen, honest, and objective journalism practices.
Name the evil, Jake. Like you say Trump has to do about "Nazis."
My heart goes out to Heidi and Jared's family and friends. So sorry for your loss.
So sorry, so sad.
Rest in peace
Mts. Tucker, I'm so sorry for your loss. My condolences to you & your family ma'am. RIP Jared.
All from Danville Ca. Blessing there family and friends
Our hearts an prayers are with them God bless

rip
Where are the protests ?  Hypocrites
So sad and so evil. Prayers
What kind of 'terror' was it, Jake?
Tragic
Killed by ISIS
Prayers for Heidi.
And the liberals at your own network cried copycat. #Shame

By radical Islam Jake?
Europe is not safe, protests are not safe, best to get to target practice often and clean weapons regularly.
And shameless CNN used this tragedy as an opportunity to falsely link Barcelona with #Charlottesville. Is there no end to your corruption?

@LegInsurrection RIP. If Spain had Trump's border policies, maybe it wouldn't have happened.
Did a terror attack happen? Wouldn't have known watching @CNN
Rest in Peace...
Sick.
#allterroristssuck

Damn I was hoping/praying for him to be found alive. My deepest condolences to his wife, family & friends.
They couldn't go somewhere else? They had to go to Europe? Europe is toast ...the playground of jihadists.
I hope that she can find the strength to go on , to be able to love again , not many people can pick up the pieces after events like these.
#RIP
So sad!  When are we going to wake up and acknowledge the threat?
Lamorinda mourns
And Jake wants to bring more perpetrators here
I'd like to see more open borders and more terrorist attacks on the Vegas Strip! @nvdems @NVGOP @RosenforNevada #NotVerySmart #NeverHadAJob
To our shame I'm sorry Europe couldn't keep you safe. RIP.
Everyone is the enemy of Radical Islam - even some Musilms.
Tucker killed by people that tapper supports and aids and gives cover for
I THOUGHT it was rather strange that @Jaketapper would care about any terror in Europe OR America! He denies democrat pd #AntifaTerrorists
Those darn white supremacists

Prayers for his wife, family and friends.  Just senseless.
Oh my ..  Prayers Jared, their family and all who were affected by this. Much love and prayers. 
Thanks Donald Trump for keeping terrorists out of our country!
Thoughts to his family and friends. Words aren't adequate
Killed by a muslim for islam. Good work leaving that little fact out
Loving prayers for Jared's family and friends.

RIP Jared Tucker!  Senseless loss of life.
 condolences to all the victim's families.
Thoughts and prayers are sent out to his family.
 I cry for this beautiful girl
We have sensors that can, well, sense and disable cars. Mfgrs shd do the right thing w/o Congress. Oh Jesus, the GOP Do-Nothing Congress
and, @HillaryClinton rapes and murders children, while drinking blood of infants, worshipping Satan, and @jaketapper ignores #PedoGate 
#ChildTrafficking #EdBuck #LauraSilsby #Haiti #MonicaPetersen #RESEARCH #ImranAnwan
Figured a blame Trump angle yet #Gaper?
Thoughts & Prayers to his Family & Friends  "Death Cannot Stop True Love,All it Can Do is Delay it For Awhile" My heart breaks for his wife
that's so terrible poor family:(
RIP Jared, really sad ! Condolences to Heidi
How incredibly tragic...to go from such a joyous moment to such a horrid moment, it's not fair...RIP
What kind of terror?
This is so horrible and unfair
Unfortunately masses will quickly forget, like they have Kurt Cochran & his injured widow. I guess at least they got to see their 25th anniv
So after condolences & "sincere" empathy, we can go back to spending 100x that effort maintaining status quo for radical Islamic terrorists
I'm so sorry for the loss of this young man in the prime of his life. My Prayers and condolences to his family!
RIP Rest in peace
Prayers, love and thoughts for family and friends. It might be trite but This too shall pass, keep the good times, compartmentalize the bad.
This so sad. Thoughts and prayers for the family.
Jake, I know I've been rough on you in the past, but I truly feel like you've been committed to fair journalism when your peers refuse. TY!!
That was very nicely said! Richard your kindess, has inspired me
So Heartbreaking. Another loved soul lost to senseless hate and violence. Our planet is out of balance.
Sad
That's so sad, he went to go celebrate a happy moment in his life. May he Rest In Peace, his poor wife and daughters.
Rest In Peace 

So sad prayers for his family RIP.
So so sad ....heart goes out to Jared's  family and friends..RIP
Heart broken
How can we now find a way to blame it on Trump?
Condolences to his family.
So when will Europe get a brain and start bringing the pain back on the terrorist come on deport them
sad  rip.
Heartfelt condolences. Praying for his family and friends 
Very sad 
Rip
Rip  Jared I'm so sorry
Wow. Extending my thoughts and prayers to his poor wife and children. And to the rest of his friends and family. I can't imagine the pain
Horrible. Prayers.
Tragic. Just awful.
My thoughts and prayers go out to all of the families suffering from this senseless tragedy.
That's horrible. He was just with his wife and...damn it.
@DayJreamer So sorry for your loss
Wasnt my personal loss...but as an American it his life being taken is a loss to us all.
May God bless him and receive him . What a tragedy. Praying for his family and friends. 
So sad.  
RIP, Jared
Terribly sad
Prayers and peace to his family and friends. Godspeed Jared.
Thank you, Jake. These were real people.
So tragic.  Our hearts go out to his family.  

Let me guess, Jake #tapper thinks #BarcelonaAttack is @POTUS fault.
@jaketapper
Devastating
RIP sir....May his soul Rest In Peace.
That's why The FNN spent 11 min covering the attack until turning to "TRUMP is a racist!"  Sukit Fake Yapper!
#RipJaredTucker
wondering why @jaketapper didn't offer sympathy for family. That's @CNN employees

And to think such a wonderful man's life taken by Radical Islam. Say it Jake, Radical Islam.
But yet YOU don't say much in regards to the terrorist attacks that happen here with white males.

Got it.
This is so sad
Very sad. Prayers to the families.
How sad

This is so sad. All of it.....
Yup, Islamic terrorists kill thousands a year

To his beautiful bride my heartfelt sympathies for your loss of the love of your life. My words are wholly inadequate.
Immense grief
My deepest condolences and sympathies to his wife Heidi, his parents, his family, friends and loved ones.  Rest in Peace Jared Tucker.
He was killed by Nazi's and White Supremacists right Jake? 
So tragic!!
Wow sorry to hear about this! May he rip.

So, so sad!

That's why Trump's right and the hashtag Warriors on the left are out of touch with what Americans want
You don't have a soul
So. damn. sad!
So sad -- prayers
Lost in all the madness that is the United States. Rest in peace, Jared Tucker
Yeah, the country people are still sneaking into.  That madness?
So sad. Prayers for his wife.
Truely sad and unnecessary. I will keep you in my thoughts and prayers.
Sad another life gone bc of terror! Sending his family love and healing light. When does it end
Heart breaking prayers
How very sad. So sorry for him, his wife and their families. Thoughts and prayers for them and all those hurt by this terrible tragedy.

I am so sad. I am praying for his wife and children and all his family and friends and all the victims.

Oh dear god.
Prayers for this family and community
Heartbreaking. They are beautiful and Doain is beautiful. If only Obama would have cared and done more. Blood on Obamas hands
What a shame! Senseless, indiscriminate violence.
So sad, so sad, prayers for his wife and family
So sad
Thoughts and prayers all the victims and their families.
So wrong....beautiful couple. My hesrt goes out to the family
Prayers for his wife, family and friends
