.@clairecmc and this is why Americans hate politicians - you're a liar.
attending a group meeting where two happen to be not the same as teaching our 1-on-1
Correction: not the same as reaching out 1-on-1
this looks oddly like a 1-on-1 kinda thing
Child trafficking?
just a liar and you can't help it.  Twitter is your worst enemy.  Are you really that dumb?
damn you are a liar
so you're a liar!
Thanks for realizing the Truth!  Many folks have Russian meetings.
So you LIED in your previous PUBLIC STATEMENT?  When can we expect your resignation?  STOP LYING TO THE PUBLIC!
.@RINObuster @LADINNERCLUB @clairecmc I don't have any expectations of any DemoRATS-they are all corrupt LIARS!
You've been exposed and there's no way to put the toothpaste back into the tube. I suggest you turn over a new leaf of truth
back pedaling, back pedaling
maybe stop and think BEFORE you tweet next time? SO Tired of backpedaling politicians.
Caught in your lie now you try to divert
. YOU LIED!
back pedaling 101. You should resign.
we need you to resign for colluding with Russian
NICE TRY AT REBUKING YOU LIE. YOU ARE A LIAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Such lies. A special prosecutor should be called to investigate YOU! You should resign. Apologize to Sessions. Shame on you.
https://www.dni.gov/files/documents/ICA_2017_01.pdf …
So, you lied. Why not just admit that you lied and resign?
You are a LIAR!
So Claire McCaskill is a Russia spy!!!!!  

Preposterous isn't it?
NOW YOU ARE ADMITTING YOU LIED ABOUT RUSSIA. AND THERE ARE MORE MEETINGS. AMERICANS PROVED YOU LIED.
Resign. You're an embarrassment to the State of Missouri.
.
BEST TWEET EVER!
Ahhh-NOW U remember meeting the Russian Amb. but NOT before U LIED & said U NEVER met him-PICTURE PLZ! What is the matter w U ppl
Why haven't you resigned?  You lied to everyone. That makes you a liar. Stop making excuses and resign.
liar
hey I thought you told everyone you never did this.  Huh.
When will you be resigning? You lying hypocrite.
.@clairecmc No liar! Russian amb did not just also attend. You tweeted that you are meeting him. The "also attend" was at the GOP convention
Yes so you did meet with the Russian Ambassador and then claim you never had.
Weird, @clairecmc, how this went from "meeting with" to "also attended," isn't it? Guess facts are malleable based on your political need.
They. All. Lie.
Does your neck hurt with all the spin you're trying to do?
I wouldn't worry too much, after next year you won't be a Senator anymore so all these lies and falsehoods you spin won't matter.
At least we know what she talked about w/ RU ambassador. What was Sessions talking about?
sure it was totally nefarious. Not
Session refusal to give credible account of 1 on 1 meeting suspicious!
Yes everything in D.C. Suspicious
NOW YOU ARE ADMITTING YOU LIED ABOUT RUSSIA. AND THERE ARE MORE MEETINGS. AMERICANS PROVED YOU LIED.
BRILLIANT!!!
still a liar, resignation papers when?
But you said you never met them before.
but that's not what u said , you said you NEVER met with them. You're a LIAR , senile or both .
you also forgot about the IRS targeting that you and Oboza organized to target conservative 501c's! Ur the domestic terrorist!
anymore meetings you carelessly forgot on your ivory tower inside a glass house? Knock off the Putin Fearporn propaganda!
Congrats...your lies are almost as pathetic as Killary's. You're just a wannabe clinton
yet YOU LIED & claimed you never met any Russian officials. It's too late, you've been caught lying. You must re-sign.
Please do this great country a favor and resign. Thank you.
It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it. You just did!
Keep talking.  Get the entire truth out.  You can do it
and?
See there's the proof!
I'm sorry... you must be mistaking. You've never met the Russian Ambassador EVER!

I know because you made it a point to tell me
I don't buy that. Why didn't you remember?  You said never! Suspucious. What are you hiding? Investigation.
So you admit it.  Well, you now must resign.
"adoption" or Iran deal and why single out one countries ambassador if you met with a "group" of people. Get your story straight!
So you lied in your 1st tweet? U should resign immediately for being morally corrupt and lying for political gain. #UNAMERICAN!
Oops. Resign.
U & ur corporate Dems r disgraceful.Dem party used2b 4 the working men&women&now Dems R just  Pharma,WallStreet&Russian Lackeys
so why did you lie?
TFW you try so hard that you lose all your credibility in one tweet! Trying 2 sabotage Trump is ruining Democrats & its hilarious
But you said no call or meeting. Ever. You discredit yourself! Step down!

And why should we believe you?  Your resignation for lying bigly is appropriate.
Claire, I can't tell if you're too stupid to be able to count, or just think everyone else is...
When will you resign?
Oooooooh noooow it just happens that the russian anbassador happened to be there. U tweeted that specifically you met with HIM.
Just be more careful.  All u Dems., need not get broken arms patting yourselves on back.  Class, not crass, Claire.
but she said she never met with him? How can we trust her? Potomac two step?
does she meet with foreign dignitaries ?
In other words, you lied. You should resign.
NO CREDIT lies !!! Libetards
once again you lied, hypocritical much lie much must be a thing for the democrats to lie and cheat
Russian Diplomats: somewhere, sometime, maybe come clean with people who support you? Do you or colleagues consider credibility.
So you lied too? You need to resign now!
So you LIED!  Resign immediately!  Right NOW!
that's not what you said before lol. Pant suit on fire
Resign you cant not be trusted, more of your lies will be out soon enough.
Lol! Exposed! #SimilacSensitive
You should probably stop tweeting about it. There's a ton of egg on your face right now.
Sessions was at an Ambassadors' conference when he spoke to one of them...... STOP with the Double Standard.
too late. Your credibility is gone. Au revoir. Adios. Sayonara. Auf Wiedersehen.
so you're a liar? Drop the mccarthyism bullshit. Also, thanks for contributing to ruining the Democratic Party
You met Ambassador on Iran deal too. How many other meetings are you hiding, because we know you are a liar.
.@clairecmc so how does this jive with what U said yesterday dear?
that's the same thing Jeff sessions did! If he should resign you should resign!! Please do!
You must be hormonal.  Can't get a straight story out of you.
Why is your twitter still up. Delete that shit you liar. Shame on you.
day late/dollar short
RESIGN IMMEDIATELY LIAR!!!!
Is this a confession? Apology? Hard to tell. Either way, by your standard, you must resign immediately.
caught in a lie and met with him on two occasions!  Sad!
C'mon hypocrite its time to come clean. You only want to bring down this president in any way you can. You are a very poor loser.
what about with your meeting with the Russian Ambassador about suspending adoptions? #liar
#AnotherLyingJackass
so you're a liar! Will you call for your resignation?  Hypocritical much? #DemocratLiar
you are exactly the reason why people voted for @realDonaldTrump
this is called being a liar.
LIAR !!!!!!
You have no interest in serving the American people in your state or anywhere else. You answer to the D behind your name. LAME!
thank God there was a picture or you never would have told the truth...Missouri's biggest embarrasment...geez...
then why did you firmly say you never met him? Liar. This is why we hate politicians and particularly Dems.
It would appear you outright lied!#caughtinyourowndeceit!
2/ Jeez-o-peet, as a Dem, it's SO frustrating how easily and often you all shoot yourselves in the foot.
1/ You know, if it's tough to communicate in 140 characters, maybe Twitter is NOT the best medium for doing so?
STOP LYING.. You have been caught so withdraw your support of the removal of Sessions! Enough is enough. People are sick of it!
You're a liar, you should resign. Same standard you're using for Sessions.
DO YOUR JOB & NOT CONTINUING WITH OBAMA'S CRAP
Keep digging yourself out of that hole, Claire   #RecallMcCaskill
@FoxNews @POTUS Lefty is trying to bring down OUR PRESIDENT at all costs, even if they bring down the country. THEY DON'T CARE!
Don't back down!  Love you!
you're a hypocrite
So. When do we call for your investigation about meeting with the Russian Amb?
but you did lie about having ever met the Ambassador. Show us the type of strong leader you are turn in your resignation first
Did you speak about the re-election of President @BarackObama, I am calling for a full Justice Department investigation
. Such Unpatriotic. Why didn't you make it easier& affordable to adoptAmerican kids here then?!
I'm sure "adoptions" is Russian code for nukes, right, Claire?
Same as Sessions. Let's get YOU to resign and do your voters a favor.
a lie is a lie no matter who hears it. Cherrypicking who hears the truth? Lead by example and resign yourself!!!!
so you are a liar? Flat out no core ethics. No honor, no integrity. #failure
I hear you didn't finish the tweet Claire. Oh and by the way I see you did not wear white Tuesday night. Were you not inducted?
You have to be investigated and/or resign! Democrat Stooge
You have exactly zero credibility and are what is wrong with our government. This great country deserves better than you! Liar 
You're caught in your party's own ridiculous "Russian" #fakenews scandal when we all know Senators meet w ambassadors. lol
Pictures don't show "many Senators"; why are you still lying about this? I call on you to resign immediately
hypocrite
I think this means by your own standard, u must resign immediately! Have a backbone and commit to ur own principles.  #Hypocrite
Russians adopted Vinpocetine to help brain disorders and breast cancer.  Why do you attack Dr. Oz ?
How remarkable after two days of criticizing AG you remember. Should be ashamed of your self. Keep remembering there is more
Gee a demo lied?? OMG! So suprising. Not so easy to remember all those little details huh? RESIGN NOW hypocrite
Whoops !!! Just slipped in the mud didn't Ya??
excuses are coming now!
Fake news from a completely fake individual. No respect for people's lives. Its all a game to you. 2018 is Game Over for you.
Liar. This is why you lost and will continue to lose. Keep it up. No one believes a word you say. Looking very forward to 2018.
LIAR! YOu have been caught. Resign now.
I am calling for your resignation.
thought you never met any?
Resign. @clairecmc
- Lying democRAT Hypocrite Resign NOW
You forgot you also meet with them in 2015 about Iran deal
you are covering your lies with more lies..
