Why should Dems do that ? They already had one, the ACA, which needs fixing, and not a repeal.
LOL they have offered updates for 6 years. Its unfortunate but it seems like Trump is your intellectual brother.
quite a challenge considering GOP only voted to repeal for six years with 44 in office. Disgraceful thought process.
@ChrisCoons just said on MSNBC that he is "willing & eager to work w/ republicans to fix ACA"
How many of you built your campaigns on repealing ACA? Years of whining and now nothing to show! All rhetoric! Shame on you.
how about #singlepayer ?
Would be a feat for his bill to be any *less* popular. Especially terrible deal for the 24M Americans that will lose coverage, @JohnCornyn!
Top GOP senator to Democrats: Offer your own bill to fix ObamaCare http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/323934-top-gop-senator-to-democrats-offer-your-own-bill-to-fix-obamacare#.WMkW26a73a8.twitter …
how about we all just have the plan congress has?
fix your own mess. Or at least don't create a mess. Geez.
Uhhh...haven't you been promising an amazing replacement for 8 years?   And by the way, we have #TRUMPcare now. #MAGA
Why can't you all work together? This "party" BS is killing this country!!!! #DoYourJob
Dems already did. Which you refused to work WITH them to write. So now it's your responsibility.  Try not to screw us over now.
instead of asking Dems for their own bill, why not work on a bipartisan solution to improve ACA?
so disengenuous...after 7 years of obstruction this is your response.  Hopefully we can repeal and replace GOP Senate soon.
they have one - it's in place right now and working just fine. ACa
Riiiiggghht,.... like you'd vote 'yea' on anything sponsored by a Democrat.
as if you would even listen you coward who cares more about party than America, why don't you suggest bipartisan improvements???
I love @JohnCornyn reaction to the GOP failure on ACA is the equivalent of “I’d like to see you do better.” We did, bea!
Top GOP senator to Democrats: Offer your own bill to fix ObamaCare http://thehill.com/blogs/floor-action/senate/323934-top-gop-senator-to-democrats-offer-your-own-bill-to-fix-obamacare#.WMkW26a73a8.twitter …
Hypocrisy your middle name. WTH do you think the ACA was? No help from the GOP. Shame on you, once again insulting constituency.
dems: hc is complicated, no easy fix. Trump: i alone can fix. America: trumpcare sux. Repubs: then u fix it.
Work together. That's how it's supposed to work. Reread Federalist Papers. #doright
so now you Reps r out of ideas so you look to the Dems who you loathe, you are so pathetic
why would the GOP think that throwing away ACA  rather than work out the kinks is the better way to go? Makes no sense.
The GOP owns this now. You can't willfully undermine for 8 years and then expect help.
are you kidding? THIS Texan is appalled that you would say this! Anything Dems do will be rejected by the GOP.  #getreal
You had 7 years to improve ACA or replace it. You chose to deride, weaken and cripple the ACA. This is not leadership, it's sad.
Seriously, @JohnCornyn? And you're a "top GOP Senator"? Wow. (1) research "compassion"; (2) look up "compromise"; (3) roll up your sleeves
You would never read it, just like you won't meet your constituents.
Medicaid for all.  Done.
Com'on..let's be fair to the GOP they only tried to repeal 60 times with no replace plan and 6 years to think on it. #timesup
Or you could FINALLY have a #TXTownhall and ask your constituents to give you input! #WheresCornyn #WheresCruz #WhyHide
Sorry @JohnCornyn, but @SenSchumer said if you "back off repeal, we'll work with you." Who's sitting back on their hands? @IndivisibleTeam
the Democrats did offer their own bill. It's called the ACA and it's already the law and more people want it than yours.
They tried that when the ACA was being passed and in reviews after. You lot blocked all attempts. Stop whining
actually, @BarackObama was offering to do just that
8 years of complaining and shutting down the government. Now you are in control and you look like a bunch of whiny clowns
They did - it's called the Affordable Care Act. #Trumpcare will leave 24 million people to die.
Ds have several times, but Rs have shot them down bc they want Obamacare to fail. Either you're ignorant or part of the problem
hahahahah that is amazing. You want to repeal obamacare but you need help from democrats to repeal their own plan. Pathetic
opposition to any and all legislation was good enough for GOP for 8 years. its even better when its literally saving lives.
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
You like simple bills, right? This one is one sentence: Reduce the Medicare eligibility age to 0.
Obamacare is fine
Have you read America's Bitter Pill?  Excellent book. Very revealing.
GOP didn't work with Dems back then, bc put politics before citizens' health. They planned its demise just for GOP image.
John, you are hilarious. How about we just go back and pass the original Dem bill before GOP set out to cripple it?
Again..Fixing Obamacare involves, for the most part, the GOP refraining from sabotaging it.
you guys have no ideas of your own
Senator, surely your memory is not so terrible that you don't remember obstructing obamacare reform for 6 straight years?
seems like you are trolling again.   If you want to work with democrats for the people be a leader and reach across the aisle
the ACA works. it's not Dems fault your party's bill sucks. stop whining, it's very unbecoming.
Have you talked to Bernie Sanders? @SenSanders
Democrats aren't sitting on their hands.  They're getting out of the way so the GOP bill can finish dying.
.@JohnCornyn awesome! Thanks for asking for another version. You’ll of course wait for it so we can compare them, right?
Why don't you ask the AARP, hospitals, doctors, nurses, Heritage, Club for Growth, FreedomWorks, Sen. Paul and Lee too?
I love that you called yourself a top GOP senator. That's great.
you spent 7 years obstructing and attempted to repeal, now the ball is squarely in your court and your passing the buck?
why didn't you just work together the last 7 years to improve it?
bro, what the actual hell?
it is a shame you are considered a "top senator" when you opening antagonize constituents and show no leadership whatsoever.
lol nope. - you all said you'd fix it.  Go on, now.  We will wait.
that's all well and good Senator but will the GOP and the President listen? That's the issue.
it's called the ACA. Anyway, since Republicans show no signs of acting in good faith, why should Ds propose anything?
they did for 6 years and McConnell never allowed votes. Weren't you there or too busy fundraising?
you're crying about how hard it is and don't like the criticism? You're party can't govern and has no leaders. #hypocrite
why would the Dems waste that effort. Can you imagine any scenario where that would work? All just BS cover.
U and your comrades tried for 8 years to Repeal and never even thought of a replacement plan.
you've had 7 years now to come up with the plan you promised and you only got to tax cuts for the rich.
It was hard for Dems to improve the ACA when the GOP kept trying to completely destroy it. NOW you expect them to fix it??
Oh my GOD really? Ok, if they propose a bill, it will give you something to demonize and fight against.
it is also sad to see this when you worked so hard to undermine the ACA from the start. Country over party time, senator.
Oh FFS John! You guys had 7 years to come up with something. What you came up with is horrible for your constituents. Stop it!
I'd love that. I hope they take you up on your offer!
: Y don't U work w/ a few moderate Dems to craft a Senate version of bill; Then you'll have 60 votes & won't need reconciliation!
You are my senator. Your continued attacks on democrats are the reason we will work hard to remove you in 2020. U work 4 us too!
as the Whip, isn't reaching across the aisle your job?
GOP had 7 years to fix the ACA &  came up with a useless joke. That's nobody's fault but yours, & it will be remembered as such.
You can't have your cake & eat it too, AHCA utter failure & even @GOP split..gonna be fun watching GOP crater in #2018
not that hard. Do it as Canada does. Great healthcare. Happy people. America: terrible healthcare. Angry people.
Lack of leadership is showing here. If you  were a leader you'd work for a bipartisan bill. #texascandobetter
Democrats introduced fair, accessible #healthcare in 2009. Reps threatened filibuster to force private insurance participation.
we're in agreement again. Complaining isn't fixing the problem.
Not "Top" for long.....you keep pushing this crap plan and other trump stuff and we will vote you out! Count on it!
GOP rules the Hill these days...you all said you knew how to fix.  Ha ha ha.  LOSERS.
Deja vu. I recall Dems saying this about GOP during Obamacare debate. Another "they started it" argument. Childish.
Yes, FIX OBAMACARE. Don't kick millions off the rolls and act like you are being responsible. This is EVIL.
Why don't you be an adult and work with them for the sake of Texans, not yourself, not Trump, Republicans. BE FOR AMERICANS
.@JohnCornyn I miss the days when compromise was in our gov vocabulary, adults having a healthy debate and deciding what is best for America
.@JohnCornyn This is the kind of leadership I expect from you sir.
where were you the past six years? Obstructing or willing to work. Blame yourself not the dems.
similar to how the Rs kept offering helpful alternatives rather than obstructionism during Obama years?
Why can't you sir?
The Dems will say "fix the car". Don't buy an unknown new one. We have 6 years of learning. The GOP just focused on tax cuts.
same old cornyn, party before country.
you said this? "I'm sensing that they're just sitting back on their hands and taking great glee, great joy, out of seeing this..
...market place of their creation melting down and people being left high and dry." You said this?!
stop being a petulant child and represent Texans! Work with Dems to find solutions to the problem areas instead of whining.
why? they passed a deal & in 7 years @GOP said they have a better idea! Even @HouseGOP don't like #TrumpCare
.@JohnCornyn Dems have been offering their plan for 30 years. But you knew that, already, didn't you?
I have one. Remove all age requirements for Medicare. 75238
Republicans remind me of clowns running Round a Volkswaggon called Trump care. No one knows what they are doing . 7 years now
that is some top grade deflection for a group that cried for 6 years to repeal and replace with no plan to back it up.
Go over and talk to them. @DFWIndivisible @IndivisibleTeam
You thinkin what I'm thinkin, @SenSanders ?
You had a chance to present a great healthcare plan that would provide to all & would lower everyone's premiums. But you didn't
No. GOP won this "mandate" now they need to craft a bill that their own party can pass. Not there with current bill. Try harder.
You should have spent all these years studying historical healthcare plans and figuring out one to present when the time came.
The problem is you have been complaining for years. You have the chance. You spend 3 late nights. And come up with slashed ACA.
Why do you bother posting when you don't care what we have to say? Prove me wrong, and pay attention. How about a town hall?
Taxpayer to #GOP. Work with #Democrats to create #healthcare plan that serves everyone.
And get to bottom of Russia business. America needs this put to bed. Regardless of answer.
How about all Americans get same healthcare as Congress???
Healthcare is complicated. ACA was put in place bc ppl were hurting. ReAch across isle roll up sleeves and figure it out for us
Takenanlook at cost of Rx, cost of care. Working ppl deserve healthcare as good as u have. Access does not = coverage.
You're hilarious.
R's had six years to come up with a plan and this is it? Sad!
This only effects ppl who are not covered by employers. Self employed or working 4 small business. U need to find a solution
All male ovary death panel members (GOP) need hugs cause mean constituents want healthcare. Stupid people, why are they not rich
Did you read the article? The party of obstruction, that now has control of all 3 branches, has no one else to blame anymore.
@HouseDemocrats @SenateDems Anyone want to help the Republicans out. Americans would really appreciate it. Thanks
YOU won't even talk about positive changes to the ACA! You're all repeal and replace and tax cuts for top 1%
you meant to say, @GOP offers bill to destroy #healthcare
Give it back to them! Keep the pressure on Dems!
- Hint: single payer. Trumpcare is toast & y'all know it. And the GOP controls the show so you own it. Work together to fix it!
we need you working with Senator Cruz to fully repeal government run healthcare.
Way to pass the buck. Didn't you have 8 yrs to work on a really good replacement? Get single payer! #outsourcing #trumpcare #resist
How about "Lets work together" instead of "offer own bill"?
"improve the insurance market" = more profits for insurer, not better options for people.
you had 7 years and now you will,let millionaires get tax cuts while seniors lose care.
Y should they when GOP will shoot it down? U no what we want: No tax credits 4 big insurers, no age tax, mental health coverage
.@JohnCornyn You are my senator. There you go again, partisanship and slamming Dems. Please put #countryoverparty and stop the blaming.
you've turned into a joke.
, no, that's YOUR job now.
dude, you guys got the ball.
H.R. 1275 Bill called world's greatest healthcare in the world...GOP are trying the harm the work class and elderly
Irony. Irony. Irony.  SMH.
Single payer. You're welcome.
 good point! They won't do right things either. They talk to same lobbyists. democrats = pure evil 
not a bad idea
.@JohnCornyn They did, Johnnie... It's called ACA aka Obamacare... 
@RepKevinBrady @JoeNBC @morningmika  Senator , here is another suggestion.  Dress comfortably and send out for lunch&dinner
@RepKevinBrady @JoeNBC @morningmika Here is a novel idea.  Find a big room and sit down with Dems and hammer out a fix for ACA
I like Simple Simon's idea!
Repeal NOT Replace. The gov't has NO right to demand we purchase anything.
ACHA did away with mandates. They're not demanding you do anything.
Don't forget Obamacare originated from the Heritage Foundation - a Conservative think tank.
Funny how that football got punted 
Passing the buck? Once again, I'm sure many Democrats would be happy to work WITH you to find a solution.
I don't think you want solutions though. You'd rather tear down a Democrat's legacy at the cost of millions of American lives.
this is not what we asked for. #RepealAndReplace
pass the ahca, stop pandering to the minority.  ahca is step in direction of choice for everyone...mcaid is part of process
pass the ahca....dems are radicals
you all are so lazy. I know this is hard but give it the ol college try
*That's* your solution? @HouseGOP created the problem... where *none* existed. But since ur having problems... Single-payer
that's what we said for eight years! Then you offer up this bullshit?
Dems already gave you a bill its called the ACA
I agree. And as soon as Paul Ryan announces a special bipartisan committee to do so, I'll be all over Texas Dems to participate.
Until then why should anyone trust the Repeal Replace ideologues in Congress or White House?
we have sweetie but it was denied for being bigly smart/er.  Plz consider NOT always needing 2b proud of ur aggressive ignorance
Here's an idea, remember when you gave Iraq Universal healthcare in 2005? Include American citizens this time around.
They did you jackass, and you voted against it.
You guys have hit the wall I see.
Democrats aren't in charge. The GOP-- you-- are! Stop deflecting.
Why say "Top GOP senator..."? Just say I told Dems to offer their own bill?

Why don't you try to fix the bad GOP bill?
Sounds like the GOP is too lazy to do their own work and slacking off. Apparently, they didn't have anything in the works at all
Exactly! They just complained about it for 8 years and then scrambled at the last minute. And boy does it show.
