 “Trump isn't telling the truth about his tax plan. So I am.”
You are bad for your constituents...
'We will write something that will hurt most Americans. When the dems point it out we will say they ate obstructing.' Typical.
No Tax Reform without full disclosure on how Trump's plan benefits Trump and his corporations and family!!
No tax cuts for you & your wealthy cronies @realDonaldTrump
I just hope the middle class is not left out aaaaaagain on this
Such a jokester @JohnCornyn acting like you give a flip what Dems think/want. When Rumps tax plan goes down in flames will you blame Obama?
Hum, maybe you should listen to your base and change course! Zero cred. Do the right thing for a change and quit being a tool.
Will you continue to destroy America and give the rich huge tax cuts?
And will your party tell the truth about the tax plan?
Dems won't prop up a lie for fake healthcare or for fake tax reform. You and @GOP shouldn't either.
Yeah, because you all were SO bipartisan during @POTUS44 's  administration. All of 45's henchmen will go down so hard. #TrumpRussia
#NotOnePenny
McConnell already ordered Dems are not allowed to vote on Tax reform and you know this
They're shutting us out of the vote with suppression and gerrymandering. They've let Kochs buy state houses and judgeships.
Yes they do now Bannon and the Mercers are buying up everything
Oh I thought that was just greedy theocratic oligarchs trying to overthrow greedy establishment oligarchs. It's all fascist to me!
Yes it is
Senator, Are you asking Democrats to help with Tax Reform?  Finally, I have been begging you do this with healthcare.  Oh my, pigs do fly!
You & your party are hypocrites and obstructionists.

The Republicans' Plan for the New President http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/the-republicans-plan-for-the-new-president/?utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social&utm_campaign=share_button … via @frontlinepbs
The @GOP plan, including Cornyn's, is "be happy with table scraps so we and our donors can make millions".
No vote until #TrumpTaxReturns
@JohnCornyn What is your problem with the middle class? You are always trying to screw us over.
We don't give him enough money.
I hope they look out for the American people.  Someone needs to.
Who would want to participate with lying corrupt republicans?
Will you ask him to release his tax returns? Or do anything beyond golfing? No? Ok. Coward.
Don't worry, all Americans know GOP is corrupt and lying.
how can Trump's tax plan, already out, be written in the future by a Senate committee?
First = PUERTO RICO!! Next, http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/353187-trump-children-ski-trip-cost-at-least-330000-in-security-report …. Go after Trump, his kids and pricey private trips then maybe bipartisan tax plan, PR!
Boycott=GOP playbook...you've lost your way Senator, you need to spend some time with ordinary Texans

I cant wait to vote this traitor our. Big Bad john. Pffft
Don’t hold your breath
where are 45's tax returns?
Except for your hate for your President Trump
Will be. After much debate & bipartisan discussion?? #countryoverparty

So tired of Cornyn's partisan snark.
Yup. When I tweet I neglect my work. So I tweet during my off time. Don't these crooks ever f*cking WORK? #TrumpRussia #GOPSucks
Another attempt to hoodwink the public.
You mean how he would save a billion in taxes. But raise taxes on the middle class?
like Help and Finance when they wrote BCRA, yeah they will be there, and it will not pass house with state and local deducutions gone.
On them to decide. Ds have supported tax reform before including Sen Wyden. What's changed?
What say you? Ron Wyden?
Ron Wyden -  lol
No tax reform PERIOD Without trump, your BFF disclosing his tax returns!!! Stop being a crooked loser like trump start representing US
I encourage him to boycott until Trump shows his return so we can see how he's benefiting. Transparency builds trust. Politics 101
I have two words for you: healthcare repeal.  You were a ranking member. Wanna tell us what happened?
It won't be written behind closed doors away from committee, like every other GOP bill?
Imagine what could be done if corporations & the 1% paid their fair share of taxes #education #MedicareForAll #infrastructure
Says the man who helped steal a Supreme Court seat. The ultimate boycott
The same outcry and support your party has on Trump picks. People in glass houses shouldn't throw stones.
Shame on U. U think we should b at ur beck & call. Times r changing. We don't tolerate crooked politicians. U lie & cheat 2 profit. Ur gone
@RonWyden "Participating" with a GOP initiative is beginning to seem more and more like "aiding and abetting."
Will u not be a raging jag-off?
Don't be snotty. It's not dignified. Don't give tax breaks to your rich friends. Maybe breaks for the little guy? For retired folks? Plz?
We Non-partisan reports and a CBO report on how deductions loopholes and effective rates are affected for All American families
Gary Cohn tried to sell the tax cut with this example: a family that makes $100k a year gets back a thousand dollars. Lame!
Would you even show up to an event for a thousand $? I think not. Meanwhile Cohn thinks we can buy a car or renovate our kitchen on that.
Putin has done a remarkable job this year hasn't he? Who would have thought that you, sitting US senator, would just give the country away?

Analysis: Trump tax plan would cost $2.4 trillion, overwhelmingly benefit the rich http://hill.cm/HgAWwGm  
Not sure I get your cryptic msg. But serious tax cuts best happen. As a voter I will be doing my HW at the next election.
It's a good question for the opposing whiner. Politics: a stage act of posturing in front of an audience that prefers action & good results.
You are allowing the oligarchy of America to take over the country. You enable the wealthy taking over our govt. You serve mammon.
Says mr obstructionist himself?  #MerrickGarland
Better question, I think: do you agree with Roy Moore that personal religious belief takes precedence over the law?  If not, denounce him!
Serve all your people, not just business & wealthy contributors. Serve all of us, with love in your heart and empathy in your mind.
I bet that's how Trump sits on the shitter.
John, when was the last time you remodeled your kitchen for $1K?
Why would they participate in lies ? Explain me that at a town hall please @ txlege  @ all100senators
Hypocrite. Ur an obstructionist and a liar.
Seriously, Cornyn. Let's talk about party.  Let's do.
But, the committee is run by Trump, McConnell, and the GOP. You didn't work with Obama for 7 years. You won't work with the Democratic Party
The real question is sir, will you draft a plan that panders to the rich or one that gives relief to the middle and lower classes?
Will this be like your awful "health" "care" bills, where you locked the Dems out of the room and still tried to blame them?
John John-how do U look in the mirror & KNOW this is for the guys/Koch-Mercer/etc.HOW about tax 1-3% RICH & give all others a rest
What will participation look like, Senator?  Will they be asked to sit and grin like idiots while you and your colleagues jam down throats?
If congress doesn't get behind our president I will vote them out
Senator Cornyn,  your answer to the question was "non-responsive".
Will you be recommending the same bipartisan approach your party leadership brought to ACA repeal?
Will your party stop endangering this country and its people .@JohnCornyn? I am tired of your subversivness. Stop trolling you constituents!
Meanwhile Americans are dying. You're a horrible Senator and an even worse human being.
WOW. San Juan mayor: "I am going to do what I never thought I would do. I am begging, begging anyone who can hear us to save us from dying.
GOP has control and you still can't pass anything, why?!?!  Because what you are trying to pass is unethical, horribly planned and shit
I'm concerned about CBO scores not being required b4 votes. How is that a conservative approach to governing, not knowing cost of laws?
Well, my senator and his party are gonna go with whatever makes them the most money...and the most money for their cronies
So what are you doing? Boycotting all your principles to participate in Trump's laughable administration? Represent me or we vote you out.
So why all these folks going in front the camera selling it to us IF YOU DON'T HAVE YOUR PLAN TOGETHER?
You have no credibility, John.
Do not listen to these RINO and Democrats. PASS TAX REFORM like POTUS is saying!!!!!
#boycottCronyn
Really? You mean tax plan was put out before it went to committee, and you criticize the finance committee? Why don't you criticize Trump!
You’re resorting to adolescent finger pointing on social media again? Isn’t there something better you can be doing with your time SENATOR?
Yeah and you backed ACA Repeal so you've proven you can't be trusted ! Dems will be there to protect us

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
Cornyn will your party try to push through taxes like you did the last 3 healthcare disasters? You were #2 ranking member on each attempt
You're such a bad liar. Can you explain why #TrumpTaxScam looks like a tax cut for the rich?
Here, based on prior Tax Policy Ctr estimates, is what I'd ballpark as the 10-yr revenue cost, and the avg. benefit for millionaires.  5/ 

Treasury takes down 2012 paper that contradicts Mnuchin's claim that workers benefit most from a corporate tax cut.

https://www.wsj.com/articles/treasury-removes-paper-at-odds-with-mnuchins-take-on-corporate-tax-cuts-winners-1506638463 …
you are so predictable. You should just post all your titty baby remarks in one tweet so don't have to reply to this bullshit every day.
Hey Cornyn:  Your buddy PRICE PISSED AWAY/STOLE $400,00 TAXPAYERS MONEY.  WE WANT OUR MONEY BACK!!! Your party is filled with crooks!
Wow, you are admitting that there's not really a tax plan. This is a new path for you, Senator
Hopefully he will boycott now go back to Texas to play with cruise, will you vote Yes on dollars for Puerto Rico
@GOP and John are complicit in supporting the lying, draft-dodging, pussy-grabber. #Never Forget @realDonaldTrump
I'm sorry I'm a bit twisted by you and @tedcruz lack of a spine.  @realDonaldTrump is toxic for American and yet you 2 still stand by him.
John your party isn't telling the truth at all. This isn't going to help the middle class. It's gojust no to help you donors and the rich.
@realDonaldTrump says to trust him and that he's not benefitting. If only there was a way to truly know this....like releasing his taxes. 
Nothing until President Dickwad releases his taxes.

.@SenateDems aren’t buying that Trump's DOJ is independent from his official voter fraud probe. Neither are we. http://bit.ly/2xPitrD 
So, you open to discussion?   Or does “participate” mean do it your way?
Quit whining and start leading.
You know .... tweets don't go to the person you are addressing if you don't include their handle.   Fighting for party or US?
The best thing your comm could do, is create a bi-partisan bill that closes loopholes for mega Corp,& lifts up small biz & the middle class.
Drain the swamp and introduce the cesspool.
I thought Texans had grit and stood for what was right. You stand for your donors and with a horrible man that is president. I'm ashamed
Wow, you have some nerve. Your party & your president are fleecing this country as we speak. I'm embarrassed you represent me. #CornynSucks
Will it be a tax plan that benefits the uber rich & corporations, or one that helps middle class & poor Americans? Will Dem voices be equal?
You make ashamed to be a Texan you put your party before your people. Shame on you. You call yourself a Christian when clearly you are not
Another Texan here. If GOP would negotiate in good in faith & help real families, Dems would be there. Given current climate, chances r slim
Texas deserves better than what GOP offers. They screw middle class so Trump can have billions in tax relief. This tacky pic shows othrwise.
Boycott? If you're referring to #NotOnePenny to the rich & corporations, your constituent in #Texas says #BOYCOTT! No #TaxReform!
Participation wasn't important to you when you tried to cram healthcare reform down their throats. Hypocrites.
You mean like Pelosi, Reid, and Obama when they said "we'll find out what's in it after we pass it"?
Trumps mother must have been a weightlifter to raise a dumbbell like him
Question, before we sign off on any tax cuts let's have full transparency & take a look at Trump's tax returns...fair enough, right??
Don't believe Senator Wyden made any mention of boycotting, just that he was going to offer his perspective of the tax plan.
Most of you wouldn't know the truth if it came from your sainted grandmothers.
The initial framework which trump taunted with lies
Hypocrites
Today would be a good day to investigate @JohnCornyn.
Did I miss your town hall on tax reform?
I thought old dudes loved that “back in the day” crap where they’d talk face to face. Now our senator is like a child, keyboard warrior.
No one believes that the Dems are obstructing anything and the people remember the pact the GOP made in 2009. You need new material.
First real numbers on Trump's tax plan: Multi-millionaires get more than $700,000 back. The poorest fifth gets $60.
No trump tax release - no tax cuts.
Will you ever start telling your constituents the truth? Or keep lying to us? First healthcare, now taxes.
Will Trump release his taxes?
Shut up.
