My prayers my heart
Prayers for all
Put this in dead stranding
So sad
Ooh God where are u wen people ar dying like flies
How Can We Help. ..Is There A Place We can Trust The Money Will Go To Those who Need it? ???...Does The Red Cross Go to Mexico? ??
Don't send to red cross money didn't get to some in Tx yet on news today.
I really don't fucking care
FUCK U, Víctor!!

Praying for all safety
Prayers to San Juan PR Hurricane Maria and family and friends 
OMG!
Glad I'm not there earthquakes are scary, these people need some re-leaf @imjusta_leaf
agreed sending love to all the families of the fallen leafs and lizards
Pray for Mexico
Prayers for Mexico. May God bless you all!!!
I am with Mexico City in this time of horrific devastation cause by natural calamity , earthquake of 7.1 mag , I pray should not more deaths
Wall won't help
Can anyone explain what that weird eerie oscillating sound is? Is it the sound of the earthquake? I can hear it in quite a few of the videos
No it's the sound of the earthquake alert, this is placed all around the city to warn before any earthquake
Praying for everyone, this is sad.
Good GOD
Thank you
Praying
Oh my god, my prayers go out to anyone affected by the earthquake.
its a seismologically active area
7.1 Magnitude Earthquake Kills More Than 100 in #MexicoCity, Collapses Buildings #PrayersforMexico RT AND PRAY
The horror
&I'm sure #ImpeachTrump has never even mentioned their suffering. They're all "bad hombre's" in his opinion. My heart reaches out 2 them
Horrific! Second one in within days gap. I condole the death and pray for the safety of trapped people in the rubble.
Damn global warming
If @realDonaldTrump says USA is going to help...@EPN should bend over and tell him shove it up your ...
Terrifying! Praying for Mexico
Prayers for Mexico.
Horrifying
Where is Trump's offer of solidarity and aid?
Terrible I hope they get all of the help they need praying for beautiful Mexico!
Prays and thoughts
Praying for Mexico 
Send the Dreamers back to Mexico to help out their amigos.
FUCK U @HipShotMedia
Omgggg sending prayers!

God Speed 
Thomas you're the .00001% of Americans we are all ashamed off. The rest of us, we embrace all people.
Hey #CNN.

Remember when I suggested you #FIRE producer
who chose to #Ignore #Mexico #earthquake BEFORE #Irma?
WATCH: A magnitude 7.1 earthquake was centered about 100 miles southeast of Mexico City, but caused lots of damage in the capital 
I am so Sorry That is horriffic !!!!God Bless you stay safe

My thoughts & prayers are with you!!
Praying! 
Want to ask them, are they happy with their government's handling the building codes or not?
Sending prayers for the people of Mexico. Advise; don't believe a word trump says. He doesn't care about you.
What lies underneath Mexico city is very good for Earthquakes but bad for people.  The under lying is  an old lake bed.
JESUS!!
those poor people - this is terrible
Sad. Sending thoughts & prayers.
Wild fire, hurricanes and Earthquakes... End days? Trump is def a sign of the apocalypse.
Sad

So sad,  D.F ( Mexico City) is great city and even better people
Bengali terrorists so called Rohingya killed Myanmar people.We condemn some news channels which break media ethic and broadcast the fakenews
WOW THAT'S A Some a........
Some are going to call me crazy. But what are the chances Drumpf did this?
Praying for Mexico.
