typical blame the other guy for your own failure
Yeah, good idea. How 'bout you do that?
so get to work Johnny.  Town hall at the very least?
Perhaps you should forward this to @RealDonaldTrump.
Stop blaming and listen to your constituents. #HealthCareForAll
:  what do you plan to do about the reported plans to gut EPA?  Do you agree?  Town hall in Dallas area???
8 years later . . .
Quit selling us out to every special interest group throwing $$ at you. And listen to your constituents instead of demeaning us.
we have been yelling this at you for 8 years. Now you get it?
:  what do you think abt Medicare for all?  Need a town hall in N Texas to hear your views on these important matters.
:  what do you plan to do abt Russ connection? only reason not to investigate is if one is complicit. You arent, so investigate.
you had better get on the right side of history before #Trumprussia blows up. Accomplice after the fact is a thing...
I agree but you have almost no credibility on this. Almost all of your tweets are partisan attacks. Texas deserves better.
ha
: interesting to compare your twitter feed with that of other senators. I feel you don't care abt us. Town hall?
:  do you agree that Kushner should be in charge of everything?  Need a town hall to hear your views on these things.
yes. Why don't you start thinking for yourself and not letting Trump call your shots? #voteyouout
Take your own advice. Bipartisan healthcare? Are you nuts? You all pilloried the HFC when it was your fault all along! @POTUS
Sorry. Seems the @GOP, U, @SenTedCruz @SamJohnsonTX03 @TomReedCongress forgot how to govern, much less lead. #ImpeachTrump
great article. Ryan should be a leader not a cheerleader
what's your proposal?
HAHAHA. This coming from the folks who did everything to block everything Obama. Hypocrisy is strong in this one...
It could have started in January if Republicans had shown leadership and brought the Democrats on board
are you talking to yourself?
I hope you are talking about yourself because blaming others seems to be what you do best.#2020 #justdoit
so Medicare for all? #MedicareForAll
45 & Sessions seem bent on dividing U.S. How about hearings on it. Defining it & clarifying issues? Stop threats of no funds now
support local officials making local decisions, especially of innocent (until proven guilty) immigrants.
How about ending the nonsense attacking sanctuary cities, in Texas and elsewhere. You supported Sessions; time now to stop this.
Given Bloomberg's point, what is your position on governing while ending the blame game? Maj Whip played obstructionism now what
U MF have convinced the ppl that yur all dysfunctional and need to be replaced!
@dcexaminer Hi John. Umm..who the fuck elected Jared Kushner and Ivanka Trump to run our government? While you sit idly by?
John agreed. So much to do and so little time. We at a precipice in this country. "Get'r Done" Congress works for the whole USA.
This tweet makes your most recent post pretty funny eh?
Backatcha
where were you the last 4 years?
action speak louder than words. Show us what you going to do by leading.
This includes you. Start governing by listening to your constituents. We have a lot to say. Town hall. No more blame. Action!!
Anderson Cooper wants his profile picture back?
@JoeNBC @morningmika @GOP @HouseGOP @realDonaldTrump   Senator,  good advice!  Just when are you going to this to Orange One?
Senator, you could start by having him blocked from Twitter and FBo
Not ObamaCare 2.0 (RyanCare). Americans want free mkt.
as the leader of the obstructionist party, you're now as useful as tits on a boar hog. Resign. #Texans needs real leaders now.
.@JohnCornyn Sounds like a plan. Get busy doing your job like constituents have been asking. Can't  help but notice how hypocritical you are
You were warned, John...
I hope you're talking to Trump
I would love it if you started governing, Senate Majority Whip. When will this start?
Again the GOP had a chance to make a difference and blew it in favor of tax breaks for the wealthy. Y.O.U need to compromise.
No gloat. but every time U lay hands on something, the middle class & poor  get screwed. Wealthy get another $$$ break.
Ha. You are one of the biggest blamers in Congress. Physician, heal thyself.
-0- credibility. You are shameless. Who was it that went to Congress to ask 4 cooperation from GOP in re ACA 8 years ago? NOT U.
.@JohnCornyn Finally a headline I can agree with.
Sir, why has it taken 7 years for the GOP to develop a plan that works for everybody? Y'all needed to get to work long ago.
After 8 yrs of obstruction, life comes at u fast, john.  Time to drink from the well the GOP poisoned. Cheers! 
We finally agree.  Been an 8 yr nap in the Capitol.  Time to wakey wakey
hey Cornyn you're pretty good at blaming others, how about taking responsibility now?
Cornyn's view of governing: Pass a bill no matter what's in it. Then we'll read it to see what it contains.
Maybe if you and Trump spent less time on Twitter and actually worked?? Novel idea, huh? #2020
Single payer! #2020
That means you also. #2020
OK. What are your new ideas to help make this country--and Texas--better?
don't look for bipartisan cover if all you want is to continue your anti-immigrant, anti LGBT, pro-corporate agenda.
Where was this bipartisan Senior Senator for the previous 8 years? Meth binge?
Ryan needs to go. NOW!
omg you literally blame Dems every single day for something.
what i want to know if you were for or against AHC?
Bloomberg was speaking to trump and the GOP! So YES! Stop blaming (Obama/Clinton)! Start governing (work w Dems for best HC)!
Do you review your own posts @JohnCornyn? Is it just a staffer posting? You spread plenty of blame. Live by this words @JohnCornyn
blaming is all your party does. Let's see if you really are serious about governing.
need practical solutions based on principles, not what lobbyists for healthcare industry want. #RandPaul  bill, Medicare 
INDEPENDENT INVES. SPECIAL PROSECUTOR. RUSSIA.
every day I talk to people who have lost confidence in you..they cannot recall anything you've done. They are voting your oppon
would surely be helpful if u came back to TX to have town hall so your voters could tell u what is important to us!!!!
Waiting.... waiting.....#2020
Healthcare should not be making businessmen rich. It should be making people well or preventing illness. Let's talk.
Town hall??
good message.  Republicans need to take this advice.
I look forward to seeing you reach out across the table to do so. I'll watch the news for this and look forward to your results
.@JohnCornyn as the article says, the art of governing is compromise. When will you reach across the aisle? #doyourjob
yes!
says the guy whose party spent 8 years blaming and now that they are in charge, can't govern to save their lives. #hypocrite
exactly. Can you pass those thoughts to 45 please?!
2018 Dems are running on single payer. y'all better hurry and agree on something asap or that strategy may win 4 them @RandPaul
No wonder he's golfing with Trump while his less wealthy Kentuckian back home struggle with obtaining health care
great suggestion!  Stop protecting POTUS, roll up your sleeves and get to WORK.  Please, for the love of God.  We need a steady
You first.
Talk to Abbott about expanding Medicaid in Texas. Texas has the highest maternal mortality rate in the developed world.
take own advice. You always blame others
Finally, after 8 years, you bumpkins want to work with the greater half of the country.
gop conservatives lost their oppty to govern on healthcare, now need to compromise with democrats.
In case you're wondering going back to the way it was b4 ACA and starting with a massive tax break to 1% are not governing.
How ridiculous. @JohnCornyn acting like @POTUS & shifting blame. This is ya'lls baby. You & GOP OWN it. #RememberIn20 #TurnTXBlue
So does this mean you will stop tweeting the highly partisan bs/blame game you tweet daily? Doubt it. You have no credibility.
Really? So your strategy is to parrot DJT & blame the Dems? Did the GOP cross the isle when concocting this ridiculous bill @JohnCornyn ?
funny how you all want bipartisanship now the last 7yrs you all just obstructed. We need single payer or expand Medicaid here.
Twenty-fifth Amendment to the United States Constitution section 4
Equally regrettable is that Republicans appear to be giving up and moving on to other issues.
If they can’t get everything they want, they seem to have concluded, they’ll take nothing.
They're following the playground bully (DT). If we don't play by his rules there's no game! Cue the Twittertantrum!
. All  of sudden republicans want to govern.  What were you doing the last eight years.  Nothing !!!!
thank you!  Get to work!  Stop wasting time like you have been for the past 7 years.
start with listening, John. With your ears. Those holes on the side of your head.
the GOP has been wasting time 4 7 years. how many times did u vote to repeal?  U don't like the spotlight on ur disfunction? Lol
Repubs. are in complete control so this is perfect for them.
like u blame Obama #voteuout
How about you just call out @realDonaldTrump directly rather than passive aggressively tweeting a link?
