How does ramming through a secret bill with little debate and no public response stabilize the markets? Please show data.
Seriously???  There were HUNDREDS of amendments from the right on Obamacare...HUNDREDS!
You are wrong.  In 09, there were 100 RT hearings, over 100 Rep. amendments added to the bill and 25 days of debate...
You literally are lying. Or else you are from a different Earth. Like a DC Health Care on Infinite Earths situation. Your reality doesnt fit
Don't agree with you on a lot of issues, but I appreciate that you recognize the need for both parties to be at the table. #worktogether4WI
This sounds great. But what took you so long???
#ACA was set up to fail- the markets, the states that didn't fully participate. basically, cut the crap.
Funny how dims.want to be bipartisan now.Remember piglosi saying that we would have to pass the acha bill  to find out what's in it?Too bad.
I support your decision not to support the AHCA, DO NOT CHANGE YOUR MIND PLEASE
Does this mean you will vote against AHCA? I sincerely hope so, sir. Stabilize market under ACA, then fix it, please.
You're in the working group & you haven't even seen your own bill!! #ShowUsTheBill! #SaveMedicaid
How will history judge the men who had to literally lock out the American people while creating/passing healthcare 4 millions?
They are completely evil. I genuinely do not know how they sleep at night.
I'm not evil. I'm a coward.
Why not both?
Despite being a total dick, I think we have to be better than calling each other evil.
Nah, I'm cool with calling a guy who votes to kill fellow citizens in order to give the super-wealthy tax cuts evil.
Bye now.
I hope that is what you believe.  Why are you afraid of town hall meetings?
He goes to cnn showboating saying he will vote no.he wanted HILLARY to win so they could continue to steal money with their sneaky pork bill
Yeah who cares how many people die in the process?
So you are going to end the Republican sabotage of the ACA?
Lol
How many Wisconsinites will be sentenced to early death ? We need the score!
Please, please say you are voting against Trumpcare...
We need to vote this do nothing TRAITOR out. All he cares about is his pork bills to pay back donners and friends.
AHCA isn't health care. Its a promise to let Governors take away pre-existing conditions on a whim & expect us to pay more for the privilege
It is all about the insurance companies! All you care about is their profits. Easy fix properly funded Medicare for All
Let the markets work with common sense controls
What don't you just fix AHCA?  Why are you throwing the baby out with the bath water????
OMG!!! PEOPLE!!!! We have a fledgling GOP moderate who wants to work together!!! Surround & protect him!! Treat him gently! THANK YOU!!!
Looking forward to retweeting this after you vote for secret Trumpcare bill.
Yes! Thank u for standing up and saying what needs to be shouted
So you'll challenge the WH to stop sabotaging the HC markets? You will protect ppl like me w pre-existing conditions from exorbitant costs?
As a constituent, I deserve to know your views on pre-ex conditions, annual and lifetime caps. Are our lives important to you or not?
Have town hall meetings.  Are you afraid of us?
So, you've seen the bill? Can We the People see it too? Will you explain why you support it, hold hearings? #ShowUsTheBill
Not a chance.
Senator, 
Who said "Tell the people the facts and the country will be saved."?
...and people who have cancer, are disabled, babies & children... what do they do while waiting for "the markets to stabilize"? GREEEDY AF.
Vote no on AHCA Wisconsin
Single payer Medicare for all correct? That's the way to go. Anything less than that is crumbs.
Why do you hate Americans, and especially Wisconsinites?
Tell your Senators #ShowUsTheBill

Meh
Too many drugs
Your walk isn't matching your talk.  AGAIN.  Good God, own your shit!
#NoAHCA #Resist
I'm not a terrorist. I'm just misguided.
I didn't tweet  "terrorist". The @GOP is terrorizing people. Call it what you want. #Resist
Yes, please work with your colleagues to stabilize #ACA and remove uncertainty from the health care markets.
Please, please don't vote yes on this healthcare bill that would hurt so many in WI.

Sen. Johnson isn't on the secretive committee drafting the healthcare bill, so I don't know how he can say it's going to stabilize markets.
Cornyn IS on the committee. So what is the mechanism for stabilizing the markets? Eliminating regulations for pre-existing conditions?
Idk tbh
I hope you have the courage and dignity to stand by these words and not use them as political cover. People's lives are on the line.
What's the rush? Why can't we see the bill @JohnCornyn? What are y'all hiding? TX is ready to #VoteYouOut #TurnTXBlue
O U T!!!!  I've called your office many times, NEVER have I gotten ANY feedback, or acknowledgement!
i expect you to fight against the republican health plan AND TO VOTE AGAINST IT. The people of WI are watching
2 WI voters here. Then show us and vote NO!
You need voted out of office before you really do damage to your constituents and their livelihood.
So... stabilizing the markets mean that jobs will be lost by healthcare professionals due to this bogus bill, millions will lose insurance.
As small business owners we agree very good living to be made in the trades!  Continue with bipartisan work-Those 50 votes will break us
amen.  This is the most sensible thing I've heard.  Millions of lives are at stake, @gop needs to make it better not worse
Please sir, be a hero and vote no!! Please
You have that backwards, @SenRonJohnson - you need to work on a bipartisan solution to fix healthcare IN ORDER TO stabilize the markets.
Let's do it! Are you in, @SenatorLeahy? @BenSasse? @SenWarren? @SenSchumer? @SenCapito?
Stabilize the markets by leaving the existing #ACA alone. Tell @GOP pols and @realDonaldTrump to stop tampering with funding to make it fail
So you're voting #notoAHCA?
That's rather #disingenuous Senator. Market is fine & routinely cares for itself. We have a #bipartisan solution, its called #Obamacare
So where wereUwhen Ocare was passed & left millions of hardworking Americans lose their doctors, threatened by IRS 2buy expensive plans?
How many of the 24 million people losing health ins under TrumpCare will go bankrupt w/med expenses?  Disgusting. 
@SenRonJohnson
The stability of markets is not as high on my priority list as access to healthcare and ability to pay for chronic care media.  Bassackward
Please don't vote for this bill!
Please do not do so by supporting the AHCA, a plan so faulty most major insurance providers say is irredeemably flawed.
Bipartisanship would require ANY .@SenateDems being part of the crafting of the bill & hearings & debate & amendments. Like Obamacare did.
I hope you are serious. We will see when vote comes in.
Thank you
@UniteWomenWI @nwlc 

#TrumpCare cuts comprehensive healthcare from 50-64 yr olds & Veterans giving 1% tax cuts! #Austerity
#CeaseAndDesistOrder NOW 4 #LadyLiberty🛇
Then for once in your miserable life as a WI civil servant, do not behave as a corporate shill.

And yes, I am a constituent. Unfortunately.
If the GOP threatens heath insurance of seven those with corporate sponsored plans, prepare to be vilified for generations.
Are you serious? You, rest of GOP, and Trump de-stabilized the market by threatening to withhold subsidies. #NoAHCA
GOP forced the marketed to be unstable on the first place. Why don't you stop lying to us?
Then why don't u let the senate and PUBLIC see it???!
YES, FOR GOODNESS SAKE, YES!  THANK YOU FOR THIS!!! @SenatorMenendez @SenBookerOffice @RepLanceNJ7
Why not show us the results of this bill and how exactly it would stabilize the medical industry? Your acting like a child hiding a mess.
Senator, I'm one of your constituents, and agree with this. PLEASE start by voting NO to the AHCA.
Your tweet is the best thing I've read this week. Glad to hear something so sensible. Please follow through on this.
I agree!  Don't let this bill pass
As a dem that lives in Arizona please make medicade and Medicare a state program so we can get the  entitled baby boomers out of our state.
Thank you for being a voice of reason. Not possible without debate or hearings. Please vote no on AHCA/Trumpcare.
Please do not take away health insurance from tens of millions of Americans!
Thank you for fighting for a more transparent process & better outcome re: the AHCA and healthcare. My family & I are counting on you!

Don't be silent. Speak up. Stand up

@CoryBooker says the fate of Trumpcare will define…
Agree. Vote no on the AHCA, then let's try and fix things with a little@more transparency.
Huh?  This makes too much sense. Why do something that benefits the everyone. Crazy talk.
The risk corridor payments in the ACA (originally Repub Heritage Foundation plan) was there to stabilize the markets! Rubio got rid of it!
So that means you're voting no on #Trumpcare
Your actions are destabilizing the market.
Does this mean you are voting against the AHCA?
Why don't they let US see the bill! I Hope, as a Senator of WI you vote NO& listen to the people that put you where you are today!I called U
So you'll be leaving the ACA in place instead of upending 1/5 of the American economy?
Why can't you do both? Make it bipartisan?
In other words....."Trust me" "What have you go to lose".

@SenateDems Take charge. You have power Use it. Read below:
Vote no! You are destabilizing the Democratic process. Healthy debate and amendment process is cornerstone of democracy. You are unAmerican.
Please show us the bill
The SOLUTION doesn't need to wait until we reach bipartisan agreement or "the market stabilizes" - It's right in front of us: #SinglePayer
Does that mean we, your WI constituents, can count on you to represent our best interests and vote  "NO" on the AHCA?
He means - gut healthcare - let it collapse - then start over with 50 million people without healthcare & hospitals closing.
#ShowUsTheBill
Please do.  Insurance aside, medical care is still twice as anywhere else.  You should meet with Steve Kagen and Bernie, they have ideas
Shame on you, Ron Johnson.
Sure! Right after you have public hearings & take your hand out of the insurance companies' pockets
The very fact you cowards are HIDING proves an insidious plot against the American people. IF you had a soul, you would be ashamed.
The insurance companies are making record profits - how much more stabilized can you allow them to get?
In actual terms.... what do you mean by this Senator?  Please be specific and tell us about the bill your committee came up with!
So you're voting no on the Senate bill? @robportman
Sen. Johnson, then you should fix the ACA.  If what your GOP Senate colleagues is anything like the House bill, you should fight it totally!
DO NOTE VOTE FOR THIS HEALTHCARE PLAN!!!!
1/2 Good Idea.I talked to a very nice man who answers your phones and he said you haven't seen the senate bill.
2/2 Please don't pass it if there are lifetime benefit caps and pre-existing conditions. Please don't pass a bill that will kill.
Then vote no. If you want a bipartisan bill, push for one. Nobody will remember tweets at election time, they will remember your vote.
Because by "stabilizing the markets" you mean a massive tax cut for the wealthy financed by cuts to SS and Medicare. You've done nothing.
Apologies in advance to everyone killed, maimed, or bankrupted in the short term.  And congrats on those tax cuts!
YOU CANT FIX HEALHCARE IN U.S IT COST MONEY.DONT PAY PPL LIVING WAGE THEY CANT AFFORD IT.DAMN REPUP
Say NO to AHCA - TrumpCare!
Who do you think you're kidding? Maybe the RW voters in WI fall 4 this, not the rest of us. DT is de-stabilizing the mkts, per BCBS CEO.
Of course he's voting FOR the pig in a poke ...that's what "stabilize the market " means ...pure gobbledegook :-(
I'm in WI. If you believe what you said, you must vote no on the AHCA. A yes vote will bring you to electoral grief.
Why are you hiding this bill from the American people? What are you so ashamed of?
Not enjoying this Republican hijacking. People who care about other people show it with their actions. GOP will lose my vote if I lose HC
But you'll probably vote yes on the bill anyway.....unbelievable
Yes. Let's do this.  Do not pass Trumpcare.
So you're voting NO on #ACHA?  You're not going to #vote #PARTYOVERCOUNTRY again; right?   Waiting for 1 person of integrity in @SenateGOP
Maybe you should get Trump in on that since he's been threatening the market since day 1 of his presidency.He created the instability.
New candidate with real Wisconsin values ready to take on @PRyan. Please, be more like this guy. #VoteNoAHCA
The campaign launch video of Ironworker and Veteran @IronStache running against @SpeakerRyan will give you chills. 
This goal can be achieved without leaving millions in the lurch while you do it.  People die without healthcare. Can you defend that ?
Short term please don't strip away care from Wisconsinites without a better plan in place. Please #VoteNoAHCA.
Tlak is cheap, Sir. Action is what is required to back it up. Ask your fellow @SenateGOP #WhatHaveYouGotToHide from #WeThePeople?
Long term solution is protecting people with #disabilities & the elderly. #Medicaid is more cost effective & better care than private ins
So this means you're voting no, right?  Right? RIGHT?!
put your $$ where your mouth is senator
Not going to happen with the bill @GOP is writing and their work to undermine current system - GOP and @realDonaldTrump failure!!
Senator pls work with Dems like @CoryBooker @SenatorBaldwin to fix #ACA -or invite them to help create better healthcare for WI #VoteNoAHCA
So money takes precedence over people
Show us the bill Ron! Governance in secret is Un-American!
I agree with you senator. So that means you're a no on Trumpcare, right?
VOTE NO on the AHCA Bill. Show support for the American ppl.
Stabilize the market(s) which you and POTUS are sabotaging? Nice one 
U don't understand meaning of bi-partisan. Look how #ACHA Bill or Russian hyjacking our democracy is being handled by GOP. Secrets & coverup
Yes, Yes, Yes.
Shame!
Then vote no please.
So while it's busy "stabilizing", rich get tax breaks while poorer lose coverage? Seems like you're "stabilizing" at expense of the sick.
If that is your plan, good for you, as of now you are damaging the many insurance companies in you own district. Vote no on this bill!
As a constituent, please vote no. We don't know what's in it. I'll be calling shortly.
First stop destabilizing them. Then fund them. Then improve them. #singlepayer
Yes! We don't want political wins, we want a system that works! That takes time, collaboration and compromise! Do the right thing!
Whatever, you'll vote for the AHCA or something close to it no matter what. Stop wasting our time.
I hope you will vote in line with these sentiments. Your constituents are listening & will be watching closely. Thank you for speaking out.
You don't have to vote for this sham of a bill.  You could stand up for what's right.
lol
#SHOWUSTHEBILL Senator!!!!!
Then please vote no on #AHCA. It  will not fix anything and lives are at stake. Keep ACA intact until a better plan is made.
I think you meant Health Insurance system. No way you'll ever work on a health CARE plan for all Americans.
Then vote no
Don't pretend you have a backbone now. You'll vote exactly how you are told to vote. #ACHA #healthcare #Trumpcare #ShowUstheBill
YES! This is what you need to do. Stand up for your constituents and not your party.
So that's a NO VOTE ??

ALL Americans must have buy in or this WILL FAIL !!!
You actually have to share your health plan to have it be considered bi-partisan.
So you're voting NO to the secret GOP healthcare bill?
If you vote for the AHCA, this tweet is a lie.
For sure bullshit this guy gives the rest of GOP lessons he is a champ at it. He will vote with he counterparts he's a bitch that way.
stabilize markets is code for Make more money for executives while cutting cancer patients care.

#ICYMI, last night I joined my fellow @SenateDems to #HoldtheFloor and fight to #ProtectOurCare  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5iYGevuEVA …
Remember who you are supposed to be protecting! Give a voice to the weak and the powerless. Think of the families who will be hurt by AHCA.
If you vote for McConnell's bill, the people of Wisconsin will vote you out of office.
Stop pretending your not going to vote for the uber secret bill the gop plans to ram down everyones throat, without even a single hearing.
Please please say that means a "no" vote on Trumpcare!
Yes, stabilize ACA. A secret bill is not what American people want. Public hearings!
Sounds good

Say, #Senator, U R one of the few conservatives who can put a stop to this

But will you?
This should be as troubling to conservatives as it is to the left.
https://twitter.com/chrislhayes/status/876995622888501248 …

Please stand in support of the democratic process and vote against the AHCA. The secrecy and lack of bipartisan input is unprecedented.
What? Really, Senator?
If you really want "bi-partisan" solution,'man-up' and state on the Senate floor: SECRET/GOP bill is wrong approach!!
So you'll vote against the AHCA? If not, 1) why will it stabilize markets? & 2) when will you share the bill's text with your constituents?
ACHA destroys jobs, healthcare, the economy & KILLS Americans, but sure suggest what dems have been saying for 7 years after doing that.
Agree turtle man
Yes. Please don't vote for AHCA. It will cause harm to millions of people
Fix problems with ACA, & include Democrats & WOMEN in the solution

Nearly 60% of the recipients of Medicaid are KIDS. Republicans aren't "pro-life"
HEY RON, why are @GOP senators hiding HC bill? #SHAMEFUL! 24 mil more ppl w/o HC, $1Tril in HC Access cuts, #Bigly tax break to 2%'rs #MEAN
Great idea! Which Democrats have you invited? What is the long-term timeline for developing, publicly, a feasible policy?
The #AHCA doesn't do that - oh wait - no ones seen it - Let's see the bill first before a vote
