@realDonaldTrump @jeffsessions @FBI Why didn't FBI find it? What will it take to PROSECUTE Hillary? What dirt does she have on everybody?
They had it.. Comey and his buddy McCabe were why she never got prosecuted.. if not dirt.. she paid them..
Now they are offering her a plea deal! YGTBSM! https://www.allenbwest.com/whoa-justice-dept-offer-hillary-plea-bargain-theres-just-one-catch/ …
@BretBaier @FoxNews Why isn't this being covered? PLEA DEAL with no jail? Can I rob a bank, get plea deal no jail time & keep money? YGTBSM
Something stinks about this ! If true why would Jeff Sessions even agree to such a thing when our President is still being harassed by Mule.
Imagine the political backlash from the LIBERALS? I don't give a damn she belongs in jail! Retweet and let's get fired up over this!
.@JudicialWatch: Hey, ignore everything going on in the country! Ignore it! Look over here instead!
Imagine the outrage if Trump did something similar. But since it's the god-empress, the media is *crickets* "move on"
Trump has far exceeded anything Clinton could had done and it's actually real stuff. Pick a country America or Russia.
ZERO evidence on Trump, Judy, while it continues to pile up on Clinton... 
Get real, think Mueller going to show info before investigation complete. Plenty of evidence, u just choose to ignore
If any charges stick, they will be incidental & used only to justify Mueller's expense account.
Ridiculous & childish. Adults deal in facts, matters not if you like them or believe them. U have lost your dignity.
Judy, look me up when this is over. My dignity is, and will remain, intact.
You know deep down he's a failure. If u had dignity & love for your country this conversation would not be taking place
@JeffSessions @POTUS @VP @SecretService @FBI @CIA @DHSgov @realDonaldTrump @SeanHannity @FoxNews All this evidence? No investigation? Guilty

Still counting ,and counting, and counting!


Hillary, you can't kill us all.
Notice how this is on the back ground news!  Alt left playing up Charlottesville.
This issue won't make #MSM #FakeNews - they'll squelch any Clinton and hope it gets swept under the rug by wreaking public uncivil havoc.
Why is specific Standing required to sue a government employee who has violated our laws; Why doesn't Every Citizen have Standing?
Isn't that enough yet? What is it then?
Election's over, Senator. But it looks like Civil War is about to start. Tone down the rhetoric.  Be kind. Make peace.
Tick tock!!!
Judicial Watch doing the job FBI refused to do - over 530 Clinton emails found showing pay for play - imperative we drain FBI's swamp !
The Phony Russian Trial, and paid for Racial disruptions are intended to keep our eyes off fact that BO n HC haven't pd 4 Crimes agnst U.S.
Keep going @judicialWatch you're doing the JOB that DC, and DOJ doesn't want to do. Thanks for letting We the People get the Truth.
If the law was applied fairly, one would have been enough to convict her
Really? Keep fiddling while Rome burns
@JohnCornyn You can continue with HRC emails, but it's #MuellerTime who's raiding Trump aides
#LockHimUp #ImpeachTrump
@AGSessions Do your damn job. Have her arrested and locked up.
Correct tag is @USAGSessions
All this other BS to take the heat off Clinton, Rice and Lynch
Doesn't matter if they find  billion emails we all know nothing will happen over it.
But she's just too big for Laws or Justice.
Lets do. She needs to serve consequences. But then Antifa will.pop up so we all forget about Hillary. Ahhh..No. We won't forget. Lock her up
She isn't the President - FOCUS PLEASE!
Gitmo time?
Now whay?? You can find everything but if she is still above the law who cares? I don't see FBI or DOJ doing anything about it.
@JudicialWatch is a right-wing rag masquerading as a serious publication. @anypigslft
Is that a crime? Not if Hillary did it.What difference does it make.
But will #hillary ever be prosecuted?
Greased Palm Hillary and Slick Willy sure make a dynamic couple.
This witch is going down! #HillaryForPrison
And the walls keep tumbling down
Why do her, Obama and the rest of them criminals act like they are above the law?
#outthedonors
So far. Sure there will be many more
for god sakes get a life guys and leave the lady alone for once!
Lock Her Up!!!
Yoga must have been a code word for bribes.

Thank God President Trump fired the people who were covering for corrupt politicians! Time to drain that dam swamp
If DOJ won't seek justice, then they should be investigated. This REEKS!!!
#LockHerUp
To avoid the appearance of hypocrisy can you publicly release all your emails @JohnCornyn.  Let's get Trumps tax returns also!
And now a plea deal from DOJ. Media silent
Where the hell is the AG?
She should be held accountable.
Talk about real touchable collusion.
Whatever. She's not President. The maniac Russia installed in the White House is ginning up WW3 because of Mueller & poll #s.
Lock her up!!!!
Read your responses to see the hate and danger of your gas lighting.
HRC isn't being investigated for treason. Trump & his gang are criminal in their actions daily. U continue to fail at loyalty to ur nation.
Love to see similar post when they start uncovering hidden?deleted Benghazi emails,
#CriminalCollusion
Lock her up!  Why doesn't President trump instruct his AG to investigate this!  I'm not voting for him again if he doesn't do something.
And ????
So, where's the "special prosecutor" on this??????
I hope they can find ALL of her emails she bleached
Here's some more articles from Judicial Watch, the hacks who have sued HRC 20 times http://www.snopes.com/tag/judicial-watch/ … Disgusted you promote this crap.
Move on
I can't wait to see these emails!! yoohoo!!
But we investigate fake News! Rediculous
She probably has an alias email name too
SHE. IS. NOT. PRESIDENT. GET. OVER. IT. #TrumpRussia #ImpeachTrumpNow
Probably ones to bill about daughters wedding. Right?   Doesn't NSA have all emails

Deflecting from the White House threatening nuclear war?
Stay distracted people stay distracted you don't see what I'm doing on the other hand stay distracted.
You're worried about her emails when u have a man/boy about to start a nuclear war & he's violating the emoluments clause? #HYPOCRITES
I am tired of the lies from both sides
Corruption at its highest
It seems like there has been enough uncovering of e-mails and crime. When will justice be served. When is the AG going to act & jail
Give it up, the election is over, start looking at our current President.
Equal justice for all.  Only way our system works, lest we have an aristocracy.  For the sake of America, Senator Cornyn needs to join in.
Who vets your sources? Texas' crazy uncle forwarding nonsense again. Very @POTUS of you.
Right.
Oh. My. God. Enough with the fucking emails! We are on the brink of nuclear war! Jesus Christ get with the program! #nowarwithnorthkorea
Good, great, now do the follow up to great work!!!
If true I think we should give the same thorough attention and review to @realDonaldTrump emails taxes and visitor logs to see what surfaces
Ok, let's also not take our eyes off the Russian thing either. I think you are capable of paying attention to 2 things at once. Right?
Sir, you are suffering from a severe rectal-cranium inversion. Please try to take your head out of your ass and call the nurse. #Cornynhole
pri·or·i·ty
noun
the fact or condition of being regarded as more important.

"safety of the country takes priority over any other matter"
JW I think a federal judge is looking for what you have found. Can you help them out?
What purpose does the counting serve? None.
OMG @JohnCornyn this is such BS. Why don't u post about the actual PRESIDENT's failures. Those have REAL impact not just political pandering
here's a minor failure. Comment on DJT's handling of state department / diplomatic services http://www.politico.com/story/2017/08/10/trump-thanks-vladimir-putin-diplomats-241498 …

Any chance we could get back to this AFTER we prevent Cheeto from starting WWIII?
Please don't let it be true that they've offered her pardon 
Keep it up! HRC & BC ARE BOTH CROOKS!
.@realDonaldTrump Orange may not be her color but at least Hillary will feel comfortable in prison coveralls. Almost like a pantsuit.
I don't see an order as a win. They were already subpoenaed by Congress and did nothing. It will be another 5 years with no results
The emails! The emails!  Donald jr's emails!
Geez John, I thought you had a lil more class ... I was wrong
There's nothing in that article that would even hint at being prosecutable.Also something labeled confidential is not the same as classified
#ROC ICYMI
So...what's next? Will HRC start her ministry in prison?
Poor Johnny. So desperate to deflect his own party's failure and incompetemce@that he has to RT paranoid propaganda. 




Tell my why it's important to focus on the loser of the election? I'll tell you why
Because it's a distraction from the orange moron who is making us the laughing stock of the world

Explain why it's ok for Trump not to turn over his tax records?


Why does Hilary need to be prosecuted?
Surely she is toast now. That stuff is totally incriminating. Perhaps JW can send it round the the AG for action.
 She Left all this info Unsecure for multiple severe Security risks and didn't give a Damn.  Justice is for All, not Just us
She will never be charged,
Knows to much!
Judicial Watch and Cornyn = frauds of a feather flock together
When will this witch get what she deserves?
What is 'pay-for-play'? 

Can't be criminal can it? 

Something people can be jailed longterm for?
8 years of drip
530 emails confirm HRC is a (D).
Enough she's unemployed and jail bound.
What..gospel...will proclaim...her practiced
Thank you Tom & company for all that you do!  Go after Social Security, they're cheating Americans out of $$ each month! Keeping $1 fr each!
@RealJamesWoods HRC could poop and liberals would eat it with ketchup.
Jail her already
Where was the FBI raid with the grand jury ready when this went on for years????? Lawless nation. A private company had to do your work
#CrookedHillary
#LockHerUp
Well, she's lucky to have the "D" beside her name, as the #FakeNewsMedia #FakenewsCNN #FakeNews will protect her....that's "D" for DEVIL....
Oh yeah! She's the one with the "glass ceiling". Her husband was the POTUS once and banged a fat chick with a cigar. On his desk. At work.
It's more important to deal with DonTheCon Trump the most Unfit-President ever. BELIEVE ME
And, unfortunately, nothing will ever happen to her or anyone associated with her crimes.  She is untouchable.
Wait, look over there instead, is that Bigfoot?  Nothing to see here...
Hey @RealJamesWoods, to quote you right wing radicals. "No one cares she lost"! Go read a script!
Unfortunately this means nothing. Nothing to see here, move along.
Wow this is amazingly corrupt on so many level. I wonder if Hillary still wants to meet KJU now. Maybe she can seek asylum in NK
I'm so sick of hearing all the compelling evidence to prosecute or at least investigate!
I thought they were about yoga.....

Thanks for sharing this with us James. I hadn't heard this yet.
BYEEEE CLITTER
@jeffsessions
@USAGSessions @FBIWFO @POTUS @VP  how much longer is this going to be ignored.  Higher the rank,  tougher the punishment, she committed
Espionage and Treason,  probably Sedition.  Anyone else would be hung for this.  Don't set a precedence of 2 tier justice,  dems will do
Anything to destroy the Presidents work,  as will Dem supporters,  already sabotaged by Intel and McMaster. End this. Full weight of law
So did FBI criminally cover for HRC or did HRC criminally not turn over these yoga/wedding emails?
Yet the establishment mafia who claims to represent us is still chasing phantoms.. while she walks around.
She should hang.
I am sure there are more
CC: @Alyssa_Milano #patriotnotpartisan worthy? Or nah? Im betting nah.
#lock her up...
She can go to prison like Martha Stewart. 
Well then. I guess it's good that she's just an old, retired lady now.
Crooked Hillary
Lock her up!
And how many involved lesbo literature? over 550?
Well that used to be her lucky number not anymore
If they found them. Then let's see them.
If she doesn't do time, that's the real crime. Its time to pay the price the Life.
So why is she not in handcuffs
The current president is using unapproved, insecure methods of communication *right now*. Why isn’t *he* in handcuffs?
She knew if Donald Trump won they will all hang wonder if she still mad at Matt lower
Where is the grand jury on this already?
My taxes are paying for @TheJusticeDept @StateDept @FBI @NSAGov When I trust Judicial Watch like I don't trust the others! #DismantleThem
And?
How about pursue the Russian real estate connection with the same zeal.
@lucille2482 No Deals!!
Keep it going !!
MSM, no story here!
All emails can be retrieved
Did she have time to do ANY real government work?
Comey was more than likely threatened by Lynch No report no notes? I thought he kept notes on everything apparently not just Trump? how odd
big mouth Maxine who insults OUR PRESIDENT on a daily bases,can't remember what she has said and lives in a 4 million dollar home how nice
they really are? Greedy money hungry not one has done anything in 8 years so why bother having them? Waste of my tax dollars to listen to a
votes they don't care about us or you they care about themselves When will people start to open their eyes and see the democrats for what
All I can say is IT'S ABOUT DAMN TIME!!!! she has gotten by with way far too much democratic favoritism All they want from the people is
Go get this corrupt politician!

OMG...laughing at all the red ICU loud responses! Keep them coming everyone needs a good laugh!
Go JW go !!!
oh shut up do something better and uncover trumps taxes.
Crooked Hillary

In 2005, Mueller Closed Grand Jury Probe into Clintons’ Pardon of Marc Rich
SILLY CONS! LIBS R above the law. Doesn't matter what you find. @IngrahamAngle @AnnCoulter @TuckerCarlson @kimguilfoyle @mschlapp @greta
@gcamp4 @EricTrump
Surprise surprise 
She is a proven liar just like Comey.
Then prosecute her instead of saying how crooked she is. Because it starting to look like. Some little kids stuff
Looks like the Lynch-Slick Bill tarmac meet up paid off.
