You need another poll. Not in Texas and I'm on vacation in New Mexico right now definitely not here either! Check border states!
Not from this one. And she doesn't like you either.
A LIE travels halfway around the world before truth has a chance to get its pants on. Winston Churchill
#ICYMI: @GOP CANNOT BE TRUSTED.
INDICT @JohnCornyn @USAGSessions @Cabinet @SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @VP @POTUS GRAFT TREASON #trumprussia
Name 2.
@SecretsBedard alternative polls taking through the microwave in bowling green
A third Hispanic gentleman decided that he would enjoy being treated as a presumptive criminal?
.@JohnCornyn it seems by your tweets & actions in congress, that you work for Trump now instead of Texans. Don't forget your constituency...
You'll see when you run for reelection -- I think Castro might be giving you an indication of what Hispanics think of you and Trump.
Every group has its idiots, lol.
This is such bull**** I can't believe you posted it. Yeah Hispanic people just love being discriminated against...***hole
Shame on you for believing that. I hope your Texas Latinos know how you think.
One only needs to read the article to see that your tweet is mendacious.
Fake news
wonder where are they polling. For sure, nobody asked me.
Theyvwant to have a safe AMERICA.
Increases does not mean 55% support Trump. You are misleading us which is another way of saying that you are lying to us
Your wrong again, lol, support is up more than 58%. Be careful in AHCA it my be @GOP downfall. Listen to non politicals. #AHCA will fail!!
you sure are dense.
Must be PAID tools
In some delusional fantasyland. Washington  Examiner = fake news.
I don't know which Hispanics ...I've yet to meet one
Not to mention the pole from zogby, referred to in article, used an internet volunteer survey pole. Seriously? You that ignorant or fake?
Everyone knows that the only legit pole is a liberal pole.
U have no issue with a voluntary online pole suggesting close 2 majority of latinx for trump? u that dense/not understand proper collection?
Just sick & tired of superior uppity liberals telling people what to think. If yall are so smart, why don't yall know when to stop talking?
Smart hispanics. They understand the @DNC has not acted in their best interest ever.
Looks like "alternative facts". Here in Texas, the Hispanic folks I know do NOT support Trump or you. They and I will VOTE YOU OUT in 2020.
The Washington Examiner? REALLY? That is NOT a reliable news source. Do you job.
Told you to stop citing anything coming from the Examiner. FAKE NEWS, Bozo.
Nice misleading statement   So what is the percentage of hispanics that support trump  it is not 55% like you are trying to make us believe
For you info that is a black man holding up that sign not a Hispanic
So buying into Trump Russia? Your behavior today at the hearing was appalling. I will work tirelessly to turn your seat blue.
Good luck with that. Ha!
No one asked me or all my family and plenty of them in South Texas
876 is broke as a joke. like asking only 75 of nearly 27500000 fellow Texans. This headline was pulled straight from someones #cornynhole
@jslovegrove @dcexaminer laughable, John. Btw...saw ya lying today. See you lying every time you open your mouth.
You're myopic, arrogant and an ineffective representative. Stop obstructing #Trumprussia to stay in power. It's embarrassing.
Another poll by this firm claims "business leaders" have mixed reviews on @potus. Sample size=300 at cos of 100ppl +. Puhleeze.
Poll sample=876 "likely" voters. Total 
It's time to start thinking about how you will be remembered when Trump's convicted. Backing Benedict Arnold is not a smart career move.
Bullshit!
Small sample size, "likely voters," and an online poll. Gonna call three strikes on this easily manipulated survey.
They don't support Trump by no means, his kicking them out of the State so why would they support him. Get real
Sure - going from 10 people to 15 is 55%
Why don't you visit with your constituents around Texas to get a better idea. I heard there is a neat tool called a town hall you can use.
Your shock should lead you to question the source. You're quoting the Washington Examiner, senator? Really?
Alternate fact.
http://www.fakenewschecker.com/fake-news-source/washington-examiner …
So it went from what, 2 of them to a little over 3? Yeah there are sellouts. Look at @tedcruz . Tio Tomas. The vast majority see the racism
No shock here. Trump promised them jobs building his wall. They are in construction. Why? It coincides with his wall.
Please Republicans, please believe this is true. I beg you to think this poll isn't BS.
Again with the credible sources. 
I don't believe it I believe this may be real fake news, better check real carefully.
Shocking how wrong you really are... Party before constituents, yeah? #hypocrite #DoYourJob #impeach45 #resist
Come on John making up numbers like your bro Sessions a racsit bigot that you support and align with is a disservice to America
What are you smoking?
55% higher of almost zero
This is bull shit
Shock poll: Millions of Americans would rather not lose their Health Insurance!
Vote No on healthcare, preexisting condition #MultipleSclerosis will kill me. I don't want to leave my kids w/o a mother.
Vote no #heathcare
Shameful fake news.
I doubt that very much, espec when large numbers of the Hispanic community are cowering by his hateful policies. Remember CALIF Prop 187!
55% increase of what, like 2%?
Better tell Potus to honor Cinco de mio!!!
The Washington Examiner?? What a joke!
According to Columbia Journal Review Zogby polls aren't reliable.
Zogby? 
Why not, #POTUS is good for every American
Fake news, obviously!
Where do you get your information? . Breitbart?
Vote him out
You can't distract us from #RussiaInvestigation or your lack of #CountryOverParty with this fake news bullshit. Roll on #2020. Tired of this
untrustworthy sources in the media."
Washington Examiner is FAKE news! Would be interesting to hear what state latino's were polled in (If any). Shame on you Cornyn!
"Washington Examiner publishes information that cannot be validated and that is anti scientific fact. The information provided
You are really good at lying aren't you?
Hispanic Texan here! I'm so not voting for you.
Also, I really don't like the policies prez and GOP are pushing for, so there's that also.
Keep tweeting John, it constantly reinforces the need to work to get you out of the Senate.

You know that's #fakenews Senator!
Another shock poll:  100% of people surveyed about you think you're a worthless partisan hack.

I have lots of Hispanic friends here in Texas.  NONE voted for Trump.
Hispanics in Texas like Trump a lot more than they like you.  They hate liars, like politicians who lie to their voters. Most people do.
Not this one.
Smart people see that he is doing what he promised unlike previous admin. Even Congress has started to move.
@WashingtonExaminer is the used toilet paper of tabloid Trumpian journalism, you can shove it down your mouth. #NowThisIsFakeNews #Hypocrite
@MattMackowiak @dcexaminer
What's he up to 2% now?
I would be shocked if that poll were valid. It's not, though. What I can't figure out is why *you* would still support the President.
It also shows Trump's overall approval rating at 43%. Zogby has been accused of asking misleading ? w\a "racial tinge" in polling too.
Zogby internet polls are garbage, Senator. Clearly, you lack the information literacy skill needed to interpret/assess polling data. SAD!
Really?  Let's have a town hall to see.
Comey said the Russians are still in our politics and you don't care.
Washington Examiner is fake news.
Those stats aren't going to help you against Castro.
Headline could be better. Does that mean he went from 1% to 2%?
No kidding. They're all afraid of him.
It's the Examiner. Get real.
Democrats have illegal migrants in the chains of shadows and REFUSED to budge on legalization! 
Some of them smell the roses
Hahahaha
You need to get off of Twitter, I think. You're not doing yourself any favors.
What about your support for him. ?
Not this Hispanic! Or anyone that I know of! FAKE NEWS
Wow, what are your support numbers with educated Texans?
Consider the source....
Really??? Tell me about it Senator.
FAKE NEWS!!
More like "push poll". Which are pretty much the ONLY polls that show the @GOP is gaining popularity anymore.
IMO I don't see "Washington's Secrets" winning a Pulitzer. But please keep sharing. Let's me know ur lack of thought process and discernment
Poll by Zogby Analytics. Columbia Journalism Review, 538 say Zogby polls notoriously unreliable.  Do your homework.  Find reliable sources.
Reality: Support for you at all-time low since selling off internet privacy to ISPs &working to dismantle healthcare protections
Funny how the way things can be worded to sound much more important than they are, especially for those that won't read article
Did you get info from wikileaks? #RUSSIA #investigate #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #bigmoney #work4TEXANS
When you poll 20 people...
Now youre citing Zogby? Puhlease.
And that's shocking why?! Legal immigrants are against illegal immigration.
It's clear you don't actually live in Texas, hun.
I'm not you're "hon", & I don't have to live in TX to figure out how ppl feel about Trump's immigration stance
BUILD THE WALL
Are you seriously retweeting a zogby poll? What's worse is this isn't even the most embarrassing thing you've done today.
Can't wait to hear and read your reaction to the Trump-Russia indictments. Blame it on Hillary? Pretend you never trusted Trump?
Did not see this on @cnn.
The same survey found that 40.7% Strongly Disapprove, 9.4% Somewhat Disapprove, 6.6% Unsure.  Only 19.8% Strongly approve.  Not really good
Wow, so credible coming from Zogby, who has people sign up to their website to take polls #NotARandomSample #Research101
Who cares? He's about to be indicted anyway.
Ya. No.
Keep believing that John. We can't wait to end your career alongside Trump's since you're more a water boy to him than a Senator.
Keep dreaming
FakeNews. You can't give it up.
"Zogby Analytics conducted a nationwide random online survey of 876 likely voters in the US from 4/28/17 - 4/29/17."
An online poll. Lol
Oh, well, that's not going to be biased. Right? 
Cornyn can believe what he wants to believe, but he should know better being a Texan.
I think you don't know the history of Texas.
Oh piss off. Washington Examiner is a gossip blog at best
Surely fake
Zogby is a garbage poll that has repeatedly shown nonsensical conclusions, like that Latinos favor harsh enforcement of immigration laws.
Its strongest niche the last few years has been to enforce the GOP's racial views.
Congrats on getting duped. You truly are embarrassing.
This was an online poll. Wildly unreliable, now used to prop us a B.S. argument. You are a shill for Trump. It's pathetic.
Shock poll! LA Times has Latino approval at 25%. Be honest - which sounds more correct to you?
Seriously, which seems more likely: that Hispanic support has been fairly consistent since his election?
Or that, in opposition to the general public that's down on Trump, he's won wild support among Latinos by deporting tons of them?
How are you this stupid? Seriously.
I'm guessing they didn't survey many Hispanic voters in your own state. #TownHall to discuss your #TrumpLove and #TrumpRussia?
Keep up the resistance David!! It's been so successful 
Awe, thx! Too bad you don't live in our state, or you could attend the same #TownHall. You would learn a lot about the #resistance then.
So what does this have to do with trump Russia investigate...more distractions
Let's walk and chew gum.
I wonder how many of them are in Texas? Seems like you should worry about that.
Well if they like Trump and Cornyn is pro-Trump...
and Trump wants to deport or have police stop and check for papers so sad
shocking because he and his administration are racist fearmongers?
