Donate all of it.
Give it all please.
No! VP Pence and I donating... Yankees already think we're dumb.  Don't make it worse! #RESISTANCE
The VP wants to screw over 23 million people out of health insurance and by donating his blood makes him a good person. jeeeezzzz.
Not sure of that. However I am sure if nothing is done 100M want have any insurance
Ok.. I'm going to bite.. You stand behind and support the Trump Admin and think in its current state they are going to better your life?
I would have stood by anyone who ran against Hillary Clinton. I'd voted for Rip Van Winkle against her. But, I do think USA will be better
We both agree Hillary was a poor choice. I truly am scared for the fate of America. I hope you are right and I am wrong. Genuinely I do :)
Refunding some of the blood you've sucked from your constituents, eh? How "generous".
Did you get paid for it?
Don't steal my healthcare.
Shameless self promotion and irrelevant.  Your constituents want answers, not bullsh PR tweets!
Are you going to support him (blindly) when he gets dinged on Flynn?? #CountryBeforeParty
@ naysayers of this pic; I donate blood, and I don't about the recipient's politics. These men don't either, just be happy a life is saved
Would that you would donate compassion instead of blood.
Great! Now, let's see that healthcare bill!
It's "VP Pence and I are donating blood for a good cause." Now donate an hour or two for a town hall meeting with your worthy constituency.
And @tedcruz  Whats in your health care bill
The Blue Blood for the 1% Foundation?
Pls share the AHCA so we can all see how folks who need blood transfusions are going to pay for them! Asking for a nation!
They are stealing blood from poor disabled children in this picture. All part of their Satanic plot to kill as many poor folks as they can.
Is it designated for elitists??
thank you both
Thank you for donating blood.  Now kindly flush the ACHA and focus on reducing healthcare costs (which were already a problem pre-ACA.)
that the blood you're sucking out of Americans ? @vp
While discriminating against people with disabilities via AHCA. How is he fit to be a Senator? Public servant...good God.
@VP allowed to be next to you, exchanging bodily fluids?
Where are the healthcare hearings????
Who could afford to get it with your health Care bill?
WELDONE SIR
I would die before using your blood
Keep aware how the Dems are treating Jared. They will go after him because they may regard him as a potential POTUS. A new Camelot.
Do us all a favor and give it all!
VP and I ..... Texas education.
You know what else you can do for a good cause? Release details of the AHCA
vampire blood
That's something good. Now show us the bill. Remember your constituents when you draft it and vote on it. We will remember you in 2018
I wouldn't want either of your #traitors blood
you can redistribute resources on a larger scale too!  let the workers share in the wealth of our nation.  give them single payer healthcare
Before or after crafting a bill that will kick 20+ million off of health insurance? #AHCA
One day you can donate your brain to science fiction
Is this your healthcare plan?
Thank you from the bottom of my heart!!!!!!!!!
Can I talk the two of you into giving ALL your blood today ???
For a good cause? Just draining any of that black sludge running through y'all's veins would be a good cause.
I hope the screening doesn't disclose a preexisting condition - you could lose your insurance. Oh, wait, nevermind.
Today would've been a good day for a town hall meeting, or for you to release the contents of the healthcare bill you're creating
Tainted blood.
Probably selling it. GOP will do anything for a buck.
To your vampire overlords?
Why bother if no one has healthcare to provide the blood?
Glad to see that this wasn't behind closed doors. Like you  tweeted:'The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors'
I am surprised they would allow blood from racist bigots like you two.
Thank you, as someone with a pre-existing condition, I might need blood someday. I also need good insurance, but don't think AHCA is it.
It's "@VP Pence and *I* are donating blood for a good cause."
They are vampires - they probably have enough to give from sucking so bad.
I'm sure there are plenty of Americans that will give more than blood once you rip their healthcare away. #AHCAKills #ahca
So glad you're willing to do your share for "a good cause". You know what else would be helpful ? SHOW US THE BILL. #NoAHCA #NoTrumpcare
Donating blood is always a good cause, good job.
Thank you. Many people who receive blood have chronic conditions; will they have coverage under your healthcare plan?
While tainting the blood supply, did @mike_pence remind you not to work on policy behind closed doors? Even the ACA had 100 hearings.
You don't know how to write basic high school English!  Wow
@LobbyistandPR Acts of Kindness.We like u & #WeLikeMike.Would give blood, but they don't like mine.Anemic & lived in UK in '81.
Kind of too late to try to be a decent human being John. Nice try though.
Probably will need more than blood if #Trumpcare goes through #SaveACA
What, you want a fuckin cookie?
Donating to raise money for Trump's defense?
How dare you not tell USA what the AHCA says and expect a vote! shame on u & @SenateGOP no hearings!!! no vote!!! @POTUS @ImpeachTrumpNet
Texas deserves better representation than Cornyn and Cruz.
When will you share the GOP healthcare plan? How many Texans will be impacted? How many will lose healthcare and what about the elderly?
I know who's going to pay for the tax cut.  Let's see if we can make you pay in the midterms.
Double reads I hope.
Donate your Congressional seat, instead. That would be more caring for your constituents
I wud bet you have ice water in your veins going along with this secret tax cut in Trumpcare clothing. How many will the Senate bill screw?
This doesn't make up for your lies abt ACA. We know you are actively sabotaging it so you can give a trillion  $ tax cuts for the 1%.
I just watched you say the there's nothing secret going on here, referring to the secret Trumpcare bill. That the new talking point? Really!
I wish u would donate sound legislation to support all in need than blood for one or a few...
Nice. Thank you. And in the open, even.
Did it hurt? How much would it hurt if you lost you health insurance? Try and think about how much your bill will hurt your constituents.
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
Sen Cornyn, that's nice but doesn't make up for decimating the healthcare of working class families. Jesus isn't thrilled with you or the VP
Youre probably stealing it from some poor working dude.
Damn blood supply tainted now (but this would explain the dysfunction in Washington DC)
#fakehumans give blood. Even vampires need a transfusion once in awhile.
What about Obama sending Susan Rice communications to Pres Library & tying them up for five years. What are YOUgoing to do?
Disgusted with the secret #trumpcare bill. You don't represent us.
Good for you both (now everybody ask them while they are running a quart low) Where is the healthcare bill?
Thanks for giving!  Since you are in a giving mood - how about giving your constituents the townhall meeting they deserve?
You're kidding me, right? You and the VP actually have blood? Do they have to warm it back up before putting it in the fridge for storage?
#ShowUsTheBill
Wait...what? You're not known for your humanitarianism.What kind of kickback are you getting?
Taintedblood
That's great. How about you keep 24 Million on their health insurance & keep Russia out of the US?!!
wow do you actually have blood? Must be very cold
Are you eliminating coverage of pre-existing conditions with your health care plan? I certainly hope not.
Your blood is deadly! Please don't. Mike's is probably green,
I guess you have to tweet little PR stunts like this as you prepare to screw millions out of healthcare. Shame.
You are both in with Flynn.
I didn't know there was demand for reptile blood...I guess after the Baseball practice...
Doesn't make you a decent person. In fact, you are incorrigible.
Great. Now #ShowUsTheBill what could be in it that you're so ashamed of? We demand hearings and amendments.
Your pint of blood isn't going to save healthcare for 24 mill ppl.

And don't tell @VP that GASP! His blood might be given to gay people!
You ever see the TV series "The Strain"? I'd take a hard pass at receiving THAT blood.

Nothing snarky about the grammar police today, John? A US senator should care enough to tweet only the best.
Traitor
Russia?
I give you a lot of shit but this is cool. Thank you for doing this.
But you would let Texans die by taking away Medicaid and Medicare? We don't want your blood we want healthcare! #AHCA
Thats nice but could you please not take my healthcare away! Republicare is disasterous for everyone! You know this too! Act Christian
Glad y'all are but I have some questions for you & your staff seems unable to answer. So here goes:
1) What part of Trump are U working on?
Specifically what part will you be able to point to and say that's all @JohnCornyn ?

Is the part that guys protections for those with
Pre existing conditions? 

Like myself? I have a thyroid issue that runs in my family and I'm a woman. When will insurance companies be able
To price me out of healthcare? 

What about my son? He's 6. When can they toss him out of the marketplace? He was born w/enlarged kidney
And eczema. When is it ok 2 cap his "access to healthcare"? That is the worst phrase. Access means absolutely nothing if it's #unaffordable
Why are y'all #HidingTheBill? What's the #CBOScore? Why won't you hold #PublicHearings? Dems held many on ACA, why won't y'all?
Glad to hear it. When will you #ShowUsTheBill? Texans have the right to know about this incredibly important legislation.
Based on these mentions, nobody cares about your photo op with that guy, but we all want you to #ShowUsTheDadgumBillAlready
GRAMMAR:  VP pence and I.  And I.  And I.  NOT "me donating blood" unless you're two darn years old, just learning to speak.
Please give all of it. Thanks.
Most negative string of comments I have ever seen. I guess that is what happens when u take from the sick & poor to give to the rich.
You should repeal and replace yourself
Donating American blood as you push #ACHA which will result in 23+ million losing insurance and even death. SHAMEFUL
RESIGN
It's hard to not make snide remarks, but give him credit when he does good. We need to bring civility back. Silence=credit.
You have blood? That means you would have to have a heart. Nice try. Ain't buying it.
Oh shit, hope they screen for dementia,  I don't want your sickness!
*VP Pence and I
SelmA not
Shouldn't you two be working on the secret healthcare bill?
Hi. Do you only believe in transparency for something that affects most Americans under a Dem President?
The people have a right to know what is happening behind closed doors with secret HC negotiations
I would give anything to donate blood. But I have #MultipleSclerosis and if you support this #ACARepeal I will die w/o my meds.
Yes a bunch of saints who hate the poor, LGBTQ, Mexican, Muslim, elderly.  Basically everyone but rich, way to go, pat yourself on the back!
Too bad 28M Americans will be unable to take advantage of it, because they won't have healthcare. What is the good cause?
By blood you mean Trump robot fuel? #ShowUsTheBill #CanCornyn20
Your smile is super scary. Stop that. And stop all your other bullshit.
How can you??? According to the left you are bloodless vampires?
Will this be considered a pre-existing condition under your phantom bill you won't allow constituents to see and too scared to talk about
TOWN HALL
perhaps a grammar course is needed
@VP @SenateMajLdr @SenTedCruz @tedcruz want 2 help? Don't screw over millions w/ crap healthcare bill.Proof will b n  pudding.
Thank you, Senator
Did you donate after any other mass shooting? Did you even care?
Blood sacrifice to your Supreme Leader @realDonaldTrump , He drinks it while eating a #trumptower taco bowl to absorb @gop life force.
Not enough of ot.
Good for You! Affordable health care would be even netter.
Tainted.
Are you taking a collection to pour out when you announce that you're officially causing 23 million people to lose healthcare?
#Showusthebill, more important to your constituents.
@vp Your blood is contaminated with evil.
((Odcwant the opportunity to reject that blood donation, if I had to have it))
Nice PR stunt (thank you for donating). But what about our healthcare. Don't throw 23mill off so they can't have the op they need.
Great! Now give us a look at AHCA.
You know what would really help people? Don't take away their affordable healthcare.
That's nice of you.  Now show us the bill.
Blood suckers
#ShowUsTheBill #AmericanGenocide #Deathcare #23million #NoAHCA Is Blood & platelet transfusions apart of the bill? My mom has AML Leukemia
Yeah that about right sucking the blood out of the American people.
You and @VP doing everything but #ShowUsTheBill.  How can you smile when your #Trumpcare bill will kill thousands? Pathetic excuses for men.
Wow! How common folk of ya' all. Anything for publicity but nada for humanity! #AHCAkills
Please don't support the AHCA
How much blood? Considering that you are pushing a healthcare bill to take care away from ppl, leading to death... you should give it all.
"Pence looks like he has a spare tire"
-Steve Bannon
Thank you for donating! Now do something about healthcare for those who need those donations to survive due to a pre-existing condition!
Ok, problems. Grammar. #makingamericadumbagain Pretending you care if people live or die #AHCAKills #DeathCare; did Dick ask "Mother may I"?
You should honor the people of the great state of Texas.
Nobody wants your tainted blood.
#ShowUsTheBill Where. Is. The. Bill.

Stop playing around with one sixth of the US economy behind closed doors.
You are a Trump flunky and a fraud
Another good cause would be revealing the Senate AHCA plan
Aaaand there just happenef to be a camera there recording your selfless deeds. Now, about that healthcare bill martyr, LET'S SEE IT.
That's not enough to cancel what you have done, not even close.
Ooooh...the must have perfected the Trump KoolAid filter! Good job!

#ShowUsTheBill
Is this the act of contrition that allows you to sleep at night while ensuring millions of Americans die for lack of healthcare?
That's good, because some of us can't donate.
While you're there, change your mind about stripping 23 mil people of their HC. Or at least let some women and doctors in on the planning.
- thanks! But, we need HC bill released & open for that "fulsome debate" u promised. How does TX Med Center feel about AHCA?
Oh really? release the shady insurance bill . You are all vile excuses for humans
Please tell us y'all are donating 5 pints apiece.
For the folks you will steal health insurance from?
Trying to atone for all the harm you're about to do with the healthcare bill?
Senator do you have any response to the allegation that the AHCA is funded by burning poor people for fuel
Terrific example for our children of the proper use of grammar, Senator.
Very nice. But aren't you needed back on the hill to pass bill that will kill millions of Americans?We'd happily give blood for healthcare.
