"...if there were a wiretap on Trump Tower, it would mean that there was suspicion someone had been acting as Russian agent."
that's the key point. A judge had to approve this which means there was evidence. That is serious.
What makes you think they play by the rules and had a judges order? You must still believe in Santa and the tooth fairy
because of the scandal that would ensue if they didn't.
if your followers just read your tweet and not the article it's very misleading- we deserve better
@seanhannity orrr, the surveillance was on the Russians NOT Trump Tower & that is how they intercepted calls. Guarantee it
That is not accurate, please stop spreading lies
You know there's stuff that comes AFTER the headline, right? #readingisfundamental
Pro tip: Click the headline and more information will be revealed.
It appears to me that the odds are that O did his dirty deed and implanted his 'shadow' people around. Ugly!!
he was the president the buck stops with him, we all know lynch is in bed with the clintons
@seanhannity actually he's not and it's already been proven. Thanks for playing.
it turns out, we spy on individuals running for office that collaborate with foreign govts
well where is the FISA court warrent and why did a judge think there was enough evidence to issue one then-
who cares!
@seanhannity ....."Likely" being the key word.......I thought journalists were supposed to report facts.......VERY SAD!!!!!
@DrottM why would anyone think that Trump would make a statement like that without a foundation to base it in-can't trust MSM
@seanhannity ...."Likely" a bunch of FAKE NEWS......Hallie exposed Spicer and the administration today,  and your FAKE NEWS
One cannot simply make this up ... life is not like that @JohnCornyn, #ObamaWiretappedTrump, must take the fall according to law!
Remember #Bush signed off on #ThePatriotAct.....
Senator- we know President Trump is right about this. The Obama Administration had a history of this. It's treasonous!
@indepndt4eva There was an honest person in the Bush administration???????
more honest than Obama regime.
Still waiting for the evidence please. BTW, Obama was wiretapped as a candidate. He didn't cry like the big orange baby.
Mikhail Lesin,Oleg Erovinkin, Andrei Malanin, Peter Polshikov, Alex Kadakin,Vitaly Churkin,Sergei Krivov, Dossier is not fake.
did trump lie about obama's birth certificate, did he lie about made in america, did he lie about knowing putin?
because the justice department had reason to believe there were Russian agents in trump tower!!
likely needed a warrant, too. Kind of makes it suspicious,  huh?
Please investigate! Do they have influence? Article:somebody in Trump Tower may have been acting as an agent of the Russians
We need better safeguards!  Read: Ethics in Congress: From Individual to Institutional Corruption by Dennis F. Thompson
always protecting Obama-it never ends!Of course he's a Bush man & the Bushes R very close 2 the Obama's & Clintons!
even this article cites probable cause and it wasn't Obama but the Justice Dept that would have ordered it-
I have no doubt that Trump is telling the American people the truth
"but incorrect in accusing former President Barack Obama of ordering the wiretapping"
This is not evidence.
General Flynn WAS wired tapped, period. General Flynn made the call from Trump Tower.  Trump Tower was wire tapped.
did you read this article? "it would mean that there was suspicion someone had been acting as Russian agent."
Illiterate shameless PO!
tell us, do you actually read anything? Or just spout your leader's propaganda and hope we don't?
if he is, it means there was a warrant. And if there was a warrant, it means FBI had grounds to worry Trump was Russian agent.
Great point! There probably are Russian agents in Trump Tower.
John, what will you do once you extract yourself from POTUS? It is truly disturbing to watch you suck up. Better bring home pork
no shit
, as the whip, appoint an independent investigator into this whole mess and get back to work and #DoYourJob
@seanhannity u left out the part where he said Obama wasn't involved. Your lying. #fakenews
@jrarvelo #MAGA
, you are obfuscating. Mukasey says not Obama; suggests done with probable cause. Shame on you!
can you please stop feeding into this unpatriotic claptrap that's destroying our democracy? K thx.
@bigboater88 Lynch works for Obama that makes him responsible. He should have fired her for the plane incident if not involved.
but not directed by Obama.  He accused him of a felony and Bush AG says not directed by Obama.
isn't obvious that it's more than DJT that's in bed with the Russians.
what an incredibly misleading tweet about what this article says. #Notcool
@Trump4Hope @nytimes @nypost @dcexaminer @DailyMirror @wikileaks @marklevinshow @DRUDGE @V_of_Europe @seanhannity @SavageNation
Even @BarackObama Silence is deafening as @vj44 and @LorettaLynch attempt to subvert the new administration. Class A Traitors?
@seanhannity No more softball! We need Nominees ASAP! So disappointed in the job you're doing. You have the power, use it!
@nytimes @cnn @washingtonpost maybe a little fact based investigative report? Unlikely you take your orders from a lower power
Oh PLEASE-get an independent investigator and get to the bottom of who tapped who and why Russia is so involved in our election
Hmmm...Russian agents in Trump Tower. You GOP should start acting like Americans and stop pretending Trump is the new normal!
try reading the article Senator.
this means Trump/Trump team was acting illegally/as Russian agent(s)
FBI, CIA, Justice Dept, Intelligence community aren't presidential lapdogs, they must have probable cause. Investigate this!!
@datrumpnation1 build that f ing wall!
Yeah, especially since Trump has a lot of Organized Crime bosses as friends or should I say CO-CONSPIRATORS!
probably because he's a criminal. You used to be a lawyer, it can't be unilateral.
if there was a wiretap, Trump is guilty of treason, if not, guilty of slander and libel against @BarackObama #Impeach45
Also possible that foreign Intel agency (I.e. UK GCHQ) conducted for US Intel. Allows deniability.
@seanhannity Throw them in jail! Watergate II 
You are what's wrong with the GOP.
@seanhannity many people seem to be lying and since everybody including the media worship Obama I think are were the liars
Wow, think of all the stuff @JohnCornyn doesn't read but signs off on. Yikes.
@seanhannity shoulda probably read this before RT. Donny is gunna be mad at you Sean
But Trump can look at the evidence as POTUS, and de-classify it.
you got to be kidding Mr Cornyn? Start doing your job instead of believing any tweet you read.
And now you also are in collusion? Do you not understand what this means? You're really going to die on the Trump sword?
@seanhannity obama is a Muslim traitor. He committed treason time after time. And he is still free.
are you agreeing with this article? If so a independent investigation is warranted.
probably ought to read before you link.  Right about surveillance for cause by the AG... no Obama
stop embarrassing us, ugh! #notallTexans
@fawnie14 did u even read it?
Who is now crazier @JohnCornyn or @dallasnews for repeating his paranoid schizophrenic tweets? It's close #gapol #galegal
did you read the whole article?  It say IF there was a wiretap, there would have had to be enough evidence for an approval.
Have you lost your mind?
@seanhannity Obama used #Stingray technology no judge or court order required.  Unconstitutional. Investigate this abuse
constituents want Townhall Meetings! Texans need answers. Did U giveup being a Texan, and have become a GOP Trumpster?Vote U out
but not about the part where Obama personally ordered it and therefore belongs in jail, so...
Surveillance of a Trump private server would have come with the approval of a warrant by the FISA court, and thus probable cause
why not convene bipartisan committee to investigate all this? Act like the Senator you are. Stop enabling this nonsense.  Truth!
IF there was wiretap it would be because RUSSIAN agents were suspected to be in TTower. RUSSIANS probably wiretapped trump too.
@seanhannity he believes there may have been surveillance after reading news reports. Reaching Sean, reaching.
@seanhannity could Obama go straight to the NSA and ask for Trump's records since it's under the Pentagon? He's head of Pentagon
retweet, not reading. Following example set by POTUS.  Sad
Gee, the same losers who stood fingers inserted in rear ends as Bush imploded now can't seem stand at the plate.
Did you read the whole article?
think you missed the part whr he said 45 is wrng abt Pres.Obama but right surveil. might exist. 45 on tape. Again
Wow, you assume no one will read past the headline!
did you actually read the article??? I'm gonna say ya didn't
not@!
Binney gave you key to finding the law breakers. NSA Mike Rogers can use special TAO NSA guys to get leakers
you're missing the point. The former AG is saying someone in Trump Tower likely had contact with Russians, tap justified.
Evidence??
seriously??  Enjoy your last four years in the senate. 2020 is coming and we will remember. #hearourvoice.
what a shame that a US senator doesn't  read the entire article and get all the facts before tweeting. SAD & DUMB!
This coming from one of Rudy Giuliani's best friends...Mukasey is a de-facto surrogate for Trump.
@seanhannity mind blown! Great show today
"...means there was some basis to believe that somebody in Trump Tower may have been acting as an agent of the Russians,”
those allegations are a whole new level of crazy
Did neither one of you read the article?
what is YOUR position John?  We dont need another reporter
Bless your heart.
so the FBI just does surveillance on the American people
If you agree that DOJ probably had reason to believe there were Russian agents in Trump Tower why are you not doing anything?
Great article you sent goes on to say Trump Twr surveillance means a suspected Russ. Agent was there. Independent Prosecutor now
then, #investigate.
Tell us how a old Bush person knows what is happening in the Obama WH? Because he wiretapped? Sick of this crap by Rep party.
We are sick of Democrat corruption
You realize that your attached story actual proves Trump to be WRONG? It shows Russians were helping @realDonaldTrump #IMPEACH
@seanhannity 45 has the authority to declassify if he wantsDOES not because its false   Can't believe how many dummies out there
IF there was surveillance it's because there was probable cause of a Russian tie to Trump. Can we PLEASE talk independent investigation?
@seanhannity - Give it a rest cupcake. There is no evidence of this.However, there is extensive evidence that the president lies
@seanhannity   LOL. Morons. No evidence
Yes. We know. Probably Russian Agents in Trump Tower (& MaraLago) where this ILLEGITAMATE Admin frequents. You are Complicit.
this is better than TV drama! I've cancelled my cable!!!
2/2 Do you think it is appropriate for someone even if they live in Trump Tower to act as a Russian agent? Shd be investigated!
1/2  "It means there was some basis to believe that somebody in Trump Tower may have been acting as an agent of the Russians..."
@seanhannity sean- why can't u admit bs when it's beyond obvious?
.@JohnCornyn Perhaps you should READ the article since it clearly states that it is only correct that Trump is being investigated.
I agree with you that likely someone in trump tower had connections to Russia and was being investigated. Could be trump
Thank you so much for making us aware that the former AG is suggesting that there are Russian agents living in Trump Tower.
based on this it seems that you MUST call for a independent special prosecutor to get to the bottom of this.
I love the poorly educated.
UNDER OBAMA WATCH MEANS HE {OBAMA} IS RESPONSIBLE
I'm sure they were tapping Trump Tower but because he had ties to someone who was dealing with Russian agents.
.@JohnCornyn @seanhannity if there's probable cause @realDonaldTrump working with Russia I would hope an FBI worth a salt would've bugged
You just tweeted an article suggesting there are  RUSSIAN AGENTS at TRUMP TOWER..LMFAO
read the whole article!  Also your tweets are record that you stood behind these lies! When he goes down so will you! #Shane
Be very careful how foolish you're willing to look to support your - it's gonna bite you in the butt -- bigly!
as a TX voter. Sen. Cornyn please stop following alternate facts ie OUT RIGHT LIES. YOUR FELLOW TEXANS ARE WATCHING YOU SIR.
@seanhannity I find it funny that you're shocked about this. Edward Snowden , Ron Paul have been talking about this for years.
don't ignore the primary point of the article, there is merit in investigating the connections between Trump surrogates & Russia
If it was going on & Obama was sharing it he was listening in to a rival political party! Obama is behind it!
@seanhannity
 Yep, Believe it, N all Dems r running for the hills over it. They r such liars n crooked people.
@Manni_syd Amen Drain the Swamp #MAGA GOD BLESS AMERICA 
"It means there was some basis to believe that somebody in Trump Tower may have been acting as an agent of the Russians..." SAD!
Critical Thinking 101: read the whole article. Don't stop at the headline just cuz you think it sounds good.
Glad to see you're coming around to the growing consensus that Trump is a Russian puppet. Now how about a real investigation?
I can't believe you posted this...lol
You are a #traitor to democratic values. You are going down with the #Trumprussia ship. #CornynTraitor
No way after your silence are we letting you off the #Trumprussia train. You've supported from the beginning. #TrumpOwnsYou
Either you didn't read the article and you think he's saying Obama is guilty or your trying to switch sides. #YouOwnTrump
Still hitching your wagon to the crazy train, huh? How is retweeting speculation helpful? You're a US Senator - please act like it.
, that's a good one-- trying to trick your constituents by selectively quoting from the article! 
Accusing Obama outright without showing proof is criminal and dangerous. Stop enabling bad behavior and do the work of governing
I demand an investigation into Trump's #Russia ties since he's admitted he was subject of #FISA wiretap warrant #guilty #impeach
Then that means there is evidence of Trump and ties to Russia, Cornyn, have the guts to demand an independent investigation
makes me wonder if you tweeted this just from the headline...
@seanhannity But Lynch's first FISA request to spy on DJT was denied suggesting intent was to get groundless fishing expedition.
Check Comey connection to Clintons through his brother @KellyannePolls @seanspicer @realDonaldTrump
Tweet this homie... http://www.msnbc.com/rachel-maddow/watch/intriguing-overlap-in-paths-of-russian-oligarch-trump-campaign-889979971765 …
kinda  like Lynch & former  President Clinton crossing paths at an airport ??
pls xcuse the graphic but i had more than 140 characters.
get back to...is it work you claim to do? How about a #townhall? Or a #Trumprussia investigation?
@seanhannity Yes, but no one thinks Obama hack AG Lynch would order FISA spyfishing on DJT without BHO's consent & knowledge.
@seanhannity It's not impossible idea but can somebody bring the truth out about this wire tapping?
"it means there was some basis to believe that someone within Trump tower may have been acting as an agent for the Russians"
@seanhannity  People can laugh all they want. Obama wiretapped Trump & others. Trump brilliant once again.
