It was a vile thing to do to your wife and the President and CEO of the AP should be ashamed as should those who insulted your wife.
Next time don't use AOL for government emails, you dolt.
What about the rights of Us Americans we will be subjected to our accounts & what we read on the Net is now public? Privacy gone!
I am appalled and embarrassed at the shameful acts of many of our media outlets. to include AP.
Why doesn't she change her e-mail address?
I'd also like an apology for having a clown as a President.
That apology should be for the last eight years we suffered with Obama
to not take this down immediately shows blatant vile intimidation by a news outlet.Let's take them down.I pray for your wife and you.
I for one do not trust the associated press !
AP has become nothing more than a mean-spirited arm of the leftist/progressive agenday...expect no apology, change your wife's email
get over it
Tacky and invasive move by @AP. Wreaks desperation.
@sgk1118 @AP  Omg - this is ludicrous,  so sad you and your wife have to deal with this total misconduct by the media
Sue them for endangering the life of your wife. That's the only thing these malcontents understand...money!
The AP is scum. Another example of the Alt Left MSM insanity.
Did they send her ads for viagra?@VP @AP
Trump is right. The AP and rest of big media r the enemy of the American people.
Your sloppy handling of your email is the reason that happened. #DoubleStandard #ApologizetoHRC
you forgot to mention they got those emails from your account after it was hacked.
He did not break any laws. Why r u suggesting this was deserved?
i'm saying you can't unbake a cake.
No, you are shifting subjects because you have no argument other than post-election butthurt. @AVelaz5
this has got nothing to do with the election but rather the fact that he ran a very unsecure email address
Go get them!!!
you owe Hillary Clinton an apology.
she did that on her own by getting chucked in a van like a side of beef.
What makes you say that?
Election's over, you don't have to pretend to believe that anymore.
but your boss never apologizes. Integrity/democracy?  Flip the salutations and send it to him on behalf of the American people.
@GADCMS @Kashie0801 @VP @AP
@JenniferJJacobs @AP WOW, so sorry for you and your wife. Our press in this country are off the rails scary.
American people stand firmly with President Trump & VP Pence! We know the drive by media is/will continue to try to conquer divide!
@MyInfidelAnna  you're just mad cause you voted for this clown. You made your bed now lay in it.
You should apologize to America
RUSSIA
I am amazed & angered at the new lows reached by the loathsome MSM in attacking the elected admin. now in power, just Dem lackeys
Clinton needs to apologize to our country and the world for Benghazi and the Ambassador's family for not supporting them.
Did Bush apologise for all the embassy attacks under his admin?  Or Chaffetz for cutting the security budget?
@Cernovich @AP I think it's so sad that our president and Vice President and families are under fire for trying to build up America.
isn't this when you file legal action. or better yet get the phone numbers and email addresses of top ap officers and publish
The media is out of control with no accountability....
Do something, this is getting out of control
The press have become those who  take the low road at every opportunity!  They are despicable 95% of the time!
It seems pretty obvious that, for @AP, #HateTrumpsDecency.
We know how you feel, we've been requesting the Fake President be removed from office and that hasn't happened YET either.
@PressSec @AP I could give 2 s abt your wife's email when you take away healthcare for millions & rights for LGBTQs. Go back to church.
buuuuuuuut didn't you willingly choose to become the VP for a guy who loves WikiLeaks?
the family should be off limits....very disrespectful....and I would feel the same if it was your mother
All private emails should be off limits! Choose a side.
The hypocrisy is unbelievable.
is this a parody account? Lol you're so gross
New low for the Dems!
Really? Followers of your sick regime posted my address and invited violence for exercising my rights. Suck it up buttercup. 
 @VP @AP
man the Trump Administration is all about demanding apologies. Do work. Stop fucking up.
I agree! The left is obstructing this country's progress.
oh really? I don't think the left has control of the house, senate or White House. Who's to blame?
The left is constantly launching witch hunts and bad mouthing our government. A fine example is Pelosi. Hypocrites
you mean the Russians? You can't tell me if the same stuff happened with Obama you wouldn't demand investigations
what is being made up now? Please explain.
will you be attending the impeaching hearings? I'll bring the popcorn
keep dreaming not going to happen
They should be sued.
100 percent on your side sir. This is horrific.
what is horrific about it?
horrific that is happening to them. The same folks that cheered when it happened to others.  karma.
how dare the man who single handedly legislated discrimination in Indiana have the nerve to claim someone owes HIM an apology.
Will you also apologize to Podesta for reading his private correspondence at a campaign rally?
I'm gonna email her my dick so she knows what one looks like
she knows, she's married to one.
this mike, this says it all. . #investigatetrump #russiagate #TrumpTaxes #Trumprussia #Resist
hillary taxes hillary russia hillary felony obummernazi muslim
@realDonaldTrump dont even start...
eat some bacon you will feel better
bacon? Really? Hahahahahahahahahaha
There is no President or VP just 2 Russian puppets out to line their own pockets and selling America as they go; followed by the #GOP all bought and paid for by the #NRA.
#AP=AtrociousPropagandists  Mike please let Karen @SecondLady know how infuriating this is.  The malevolance of the media won't end!
@HanieBrian @AP Mr. VP the left always think they're right and don't care who they hurt. #liberalhatespeech
They were dead wrong - do what you have to do to straighten out this mess of a nation the liberals created.
Cat thank you after being a minority a conservative, Jew for Jesus
I really can catch it
Associated Press has shown their true colors. Keep up the good work that's what it's all about. And they can't stand it.
surely there has to be a law broken here. People like this should serve time. The media are thugs!
terrible what they did: wrong!!
There was no reason for the Associated Press to release a private email. Someone should find there private emails and print those!!!
I Would Sue For Invasion of Privacy and Maliciousness
Sorry to hear of this.  No wife wife should be subject to the intolerant left. Stand strong.
What's with these guys anyway? You sir, are a decent man and your wife should not be made Target by a bunch of hyenas from the press
YES THEY DO
@AP you are a conspirator in the #Antifa #ViolentLeft no one listens to your so called #NEWS you suck #Liberals are #Mentally ill
This administration is very thinskinned and really big on demanding apologies.
As we libtards keep being told: "get over yourself"
We're moving on from this.
#karma 
.@VP @AP As a Christian you should first apologize to @johnpodesta for your part in exploiting his personal info before expecting apology.
its karma really
1/ I feel like you and your boss owe Hillary Clinton an apology.
2/ Sorry your wife's email address was published, that can't be nice. But you ran on a ticket that favoured and encouraged leakers.
3/ The campaign you ran on talked about Wikileaks daily. Leaks from Podesta's emails violated the privacy of hundreds of people.
4/ Where was your outrage and public statement then? Thousand of emails leaked engineered to disparage Hillary? Where those okay?
5/ Some of the most personal of info detailing Hillary's communications where published daily, for months, illegitimately. That ok?
@EuphoniusNuts @AP
you should have been swallowed
how does it feel? #GOP screamed "lock her up" over & over at trump's rallys.
OH AND PAY FOR YOUR OWN DAM HEALTHCARE YOU ARE NOT BETTER THEN ME SLAVERY CARE GONE
@RepublicanGOP @AP thank you Mr Vice President for your interfaith & I am so thankful to have a man of God in the White House!
I am so sorry this happened to your wife. That affects the whole family! I will pray for all of you.
Good god man... you and trump are a mess. What made you think you could run this country?
stay strong
Wait, did your personal counsel used taxpayers $s to write this stupid demand? It's an email address,which she made public...numpty!
Absolutely reprehensible.  No journalistic integrity at all.
AP cannot be trusted!!!!
unconscionable
Maybe threaten them with electroshock therapy?
you owe your daughters an apology for making them have sex with you, incest isn't cool Mike
personal trauma is real.  Imagine what those who have lost + will lose more than an email account feel ,directly from your policies
It'll be a while, if ever before gets drained & the critters are all identified.   The AP is certainly at the least swamp-friendly.
OMG! They posted something you can find on Google in 2 minutes!?!? How will your life ever be the same?!?!?
Shame on the AP!!!  Yet another show from the left of how little regard they have for others.  AP owes VP and Mrs. Pence an apology.
you will get through this. God bless you and your family.
AP owes her 0. You used your so called "faith" & smirked-face BS to jump w/glee onto Trump's lap of like-minded dishonesty & lies.
Someone please get Mr. Grabinski's info out in public also, including all of his emails..it's wiki leaks so no concern to him
So... the good guys have to play by the rules. You get to benefit from WikiLeaks and Breitbart. How's that AOL account working out?
Too bad Associate Press has reached new lows.  Used to be just about the news...real news.
@mike_pence have your wife change her email...Ya know.. Problem solved.. Y'all just need to pack up the WH and quit and go home..
you joined the ticket AFTER Trump gave out Lindsey Graham's personal phone number - no apology was ever issued.
they are to arrogant and p c
they certainly do
@brithume @AP Can't they be sued? Please do it! I'm so sick of the evil of this newspaper!
But yet you didnt complain when wikileaks+et al did it? Plus, this unfortunately comes w/job&being public figure even back then.
Uh, sorry to break it to you, VP, but do you even bother to include privacy when making a business website?  This is public info.
hahahahahahaha sucks to be on the other of this situation doesn't..
you owe Hillary Clinton an apology
SUE THEM !!!!
The @AP_Politics would never have treated Jill Biden this way. Chicken   reporting as usual from the AP
I haven't heard of any #ArtificialPress stories with questionable validity, so why would they publish this?
@RRMGOP @AP Truly amazing that you'll support Trump the human dumpster but get mad when people are mean to you it's Trumps merka now B!
Welcome to - Hell hath no fury like a losers anger......

Conservative Americans are the ones living in fear - of liberal violence
Dear Mr Vice President
 Was very sad to hear about Karen's attack from liberal media, praying for you & your family. Dave Robertson
the AP is useless- no news any longer
@darreljorstad @AP Sue them
Karma dude.
you're whining about emails being released???? Give me a break!!!
Lol....How funny.  You trashed Hillary about her emails and what you did was worse.
God bless you
Such a shame and so sad this happened to her, it must be unsettling for her, they owe her an apology at the least
@PressSec @AP They need to b arrested!!!
we got their number future president
yes they do!!! Shameful
@kirangksur_23h Shucks delicious you lost lost lost oh well.
@PressSec @AP Karma is an ugly thing
you are the one who gave up your password.  Who's fault is that?  #Genius
Meanwhile Mike Pence has fake @twitter accounts promoting hatred and violence towards blacks & Muslims, doing the dirty work for him
These "fan" accounts reach millions & could be posted by @POTUS for all we know. The only website listed belongs to @VP
Revoke their access until rhen do...then make them wait a month before allowed again.
@PressSec The @AP needs to be held accountable for this. Disgusting!
I know, terrible. The Demonrats and their co-conspirators will stop at nothing.
will this visciouness and hateful vitriol NEVER END?? How horrible! Disgusting! Shows how low msm will go. Disgusted!!
You ran with a man who literally asked hackers to infiltrate and release your opponents emails.
What kind of gvmt official & family uses unsecured email thats ALREADY BEEN HACKED?!
Hey, @AP. Give @VP and mrs Pence that apology! Now!
http://ln.is/gizmodo.com/l8l5t …
This is horrendous activity, @AP Apologies needed IMMEDIATELY
It goes with the territory when you're a public official; get over it! No one had sympathy for Hillary's family!
why did you have a private email account that you used for government business. We need to LOCK YOU UP.
Yes they do.
It's all about the emails, isn't it. Get over it & worry about your OWN stupidity with emails. You are a true hypocrite!
.@VP .@AP sue them until you own them!
Yep, ur wife deserves her privacy and nit have vitriol but ICE can can tear families apart. Ok...
Liar, liar, pants on fire! They more likely got it from hacking your email when you were Governor!
Horrible!! Can you imagine if this happened to Michelle O. The AP would have immediately apologized profusely!
so you're joining the madman's attack on the media? RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA RUSSIA
everytime  a conservative errs, the defense is (whine) but ma, the left does it !
how whiney can you get: though you guys had morals
The @AP is still having a tantrum about @realDonaldTrump becoming the president and you, the vice-prez.
# Did you expect anythink less from fake #AP they are still jealous from the lose of the election.
We know one thing. You are the most hypocritical "Christian" ever. It's obvious you and Hillary did the exact same thing. Truly sad.
@PressSec @AP disgraceful 
stop whining. You're sounding like @POTUS
@edatpost @CedricRichmond Only dishonest @KellyannePolls deserves an apology? The rest of us are chopped liver? How about it @potus?
You owe the people of Indiana an apology for your LIES and DECEPTION
U NEED 2GROW A PAIR AS PREZ WRECKING BALLS HAS&SUE OR PROSECUTE USING DOJ?FBI?OR? GET CASH FROM @ap WHO R TERRORIZING MRS PENCE. DONATE?
Don't let them into the press briefings until they do! End of story !!
MSM is disgusting! Even the newswires can't be trusted! We, the people, can only trust the social media of our Pres. administration!
@PressSec @AP LOL No.
No apologies.Don't become a public official if you want privacy.DJT posted LGraham's phone#.No apologies. Deal with it
Your hypocrisy shows weakness.
If they refuse then they should publish every private email of every elected official & their families - Past & Present @AP
don't you mean "mother"??#NormanBates
#For what ? You support Hillary's being hacked and published. You never called for the law to catch those who did it
Denied!
Hypocrite! You cheered hacking of Hillary by Russia. While you used a private email as Gov. of Indiana just like Hillary. Crybaby Pence!
@PressSec @AP you owe America an apology
stand tall on this issue. We're slowly draining the swam. The stench is overwhelming.
@PressSec @AP you owe the American people an apology and a resignation.
Violating privacy! They should be charge for it
I feel bad for you @VP. These socialists are completely bereft of morals and wisdom. Attacking women and children. Sick! Selfish!
@PressSec @AP Ao if they leaked Clinton's email I am sure you would have loved it.
The MSM, esp. AP, lack any form of common decency or any form of Americanism; therefore you should not expect an apology.
too bad... Where were you when Trump insulted the press and labeled them "the enemy".  They owe you nothing.
That’s misleading and you damn well know it. They removed the address. They stand by the story, so why would they take it down?
This reminds me of the time @realDonaldTrump published the cell phone number of an immigrant journalist.
69yo lifelong independent here. Since Cronkite days Ive felt the news media can B a most dangerous force. They are at that stage now
You're a fine man. I'm sorry that you and your wife are experiencing such malicious, vicious treatment simply because you  U.S.A.
Yeah w/e she can change her damn email address,what can't change is the absolute mess ur "administration" is making of this country.
this is getting ugly! We love u guys! Stand strong!
shut up
