Senator, are you saying you have to pass the bill before we can see what's in it?
Yes it was. How interesting that the criticism of Pelosi, then and now , was sham.  Example? Trumpcare .
And this is why we are all concerned.
There are 13 Republican senators writing a new health bill. They are all men. http://nyti.ms/2pUJTrX 
you are not impressive. We expected you not to stoop the trumpeters level but here you are.
And Obama said you could keep your doctor "and your ins. plan"!
And now it's you. Hypocrite.

#grannyKiller #corporatePawn
No!  Republicans say Dems rushed it. "Two months, no CBO, few actually READ the bill". You are lying like Trump soon we will say impeach you
Exactly. It's called irony.
Senator, you may also want 2 remind people that Dems Jonathan Gruber said they relied on "the stupidity of the American people" 2 pass Ocare
I have been trying to fax for three days, funny your fax machine not working!  Called but never got a return call!  When is your town hall??
Sorry we can't tell the difference anymore
And you now. Be better
Answer her question & stop deflecting. BTW-If she harasses you like she harassed my sis abt her cancer story, good luck to you!
My sis still has nightmares abt that reporter 10 yrs. later. Never thought I'd actually be rooting for her, but here I am!
I still believe you're one of the sensible ones. Please remember why you went to Washington -- to serve Texans, not to hurt them. Listen.
Cornyn is not sensible. He's completely in bed with the far-right and only reads news like Breitbart that conform to his extreme beliefs.
Nope that was him,
debunkedmore than 100 meetings , almost 100 amendmenst, mainly bi-partisan. GOP Bill ? written on the back of a Russian Ruble 
You know it is just a tax break for the wealthy. Why are you so intent on letting it pass? Who do you owe?
Largest bill ever taking from poor to give to rich!!
I can't wait until you Republicans get your wish and pass #Trumpcare.  #2018DemocraticCongress
Pelosi doesn't have the reputation Uhave John. U work everyday 2 subvert/deflect attention away from Trump, while our democracy is attacked
He is probably saying he has not read it himself and has no real clue what is in it, only that it benefits those that benefit him.
YOU ARE MISQUOTING PELOSI. GO READ HER FULL REMARKS. YOU ARE BEING VERY DISHONEST. GO READ HER FULL REMARKS FROM THAT TIME.
All you politicians sound the same,... hope you're ready to leave the Senate in '20 #YourLastTerm
Kevin McCarthy republican house whip  SAID IT!!!!
You will work to create something even more dispicable
Senator, this is the system that bill will take us back to. How are you going to fix it so it doesn't? #Trumpcare is just wealth over health
I can't wait to vote you out of office. #2018 #MidTermElections can't get here fast enough.
You don't make yourself look one iota better by pointing to others.  I thought GOP was party of personal responsibility, no longer true.
Macron elected ! Wilders and le Pewn defeated- tide is turning- you and GOP will all be washed away- people wising up to Russia connections-
You and @tedcruz sponsored the bill allowing ISPs to sell user data. Now we know why: Mercer & Bannon want it. They have military contracts.
Making an end-run around the NSA to target American citizens? Or just conducting really dirty @GOP campaigns? #trumprussia #unhackthevote
Yep, that was Nancy Pelosi.
I think that we're all aware of what Rep. Pelosi meant and this joke is really old at this point.
President Trump said we will all have healthcare and it will be good. As a county that is what we need. how are you going to make it happen.
Are you willing to tell the truth of what it says? I'm so tired of the lies from the right. Your either with us or against us.
No congrats to Macron?
Let's all face facts, the House R's didn't read it. Too caught up in hatred of 44, and too dumb to care they will get vote out.
Well No.  several House Reps said they hadn't Read it
When? ACA was debated, discussed, honed with medical provider input-- you seem to forget. It was a GOP idea that 44 coopted.
Was that another attempt to distract?
Yes, I recall. You're sounding similar. The time to read, critique, protest, improve legislation is BEFORE it's enacted, not after. #AHCA
Speak truth to power! Or to power's social media intern, in this case.
We don’t have Royalty in #America, but it’s time for those ArchDukes in #congress and #senate to have #TermLimits
2010 is over, this is on y'all
was not, read the actual question and quote.  This week GOP actually did what they lied about her saying we did
If you will be a key member in drafting the Senate health care bill, you need to listen to your constituents. #TownHalls  in TX.
The ACA had 8 months of review, whereas the AHCA had 8 minutes. You represent the rich, not us. #RepealAndReplaceRepublicans
He always has & always will back his big money donors and his party over his TX constituents. How is that #TrumpRussia investigation going?
I'm confused... is Nancy Pelosi a Senator from Texas? No? Until she is that's not my concern.

Yes, and your cohorts and yourself are doing the very much the same thing.
@ChronFalkenberg - No that was House GOP 3 days ago. Voting on bill w/ no CBO score & text amended less than 24 hrs b4 vote
And #paulryan
Pelosi isn't problem
GOP passes HC bill, doesn't have American's interest @heart-it would wreck ppl & you shame us for not trusting GOP :/
Today has been 3 months since @BetsyDeVos was confirmed by @JohnCornyn and @tedcruz. Do you still remember the outrage? #RememberDeVos
So, if Nancy jumped off a bridge, would you?
plz do the right thing you guys
You also politicized the SIC hearing on Thursday. Quit with the mudslinging and meet your constituents.  And let us read your bill....
Yet here you are saying the EXACT same thing. Do you know the meaning of the word hypocrite? I suspect not...
This Sunday talk show sucks. But I like seeing you carry water for your heartless party.
So why NO CBO score, NO hearings, NO MEDICAL input?? Tax CUT for rich-tattooed on YOUR forehead! #GOPLiars! @All100Senators
: when/where will you hold a townhall meeting in Dallas area?  I want to know what you're doing abt Russian collusion. Anything?
Actually that's approximately half the GOP who voted for the bill last week. Many came out and admitted as such.
So Obamacare was passed in a few weeks with nobody seeing it? And  the people passing it not reading it?
And who was it that started the death panels?
Her point was that you're saying the same thing. Let me know if you need help understanding any other basic sentences. Here for you, John.
But mom!! Nancy said it first.
You cannot make an argument without partisan jabs Sir. You don't get it.  WE, THE PEOPLE, ARE TIRED OF IT.  #DoYourJob and hold a #TownHall
And @JohnCornyn ... Judging from your history, just how are you different????????
Some times I wonder if you aren't one of the rhino's. You should post your voting on the subject.
Let us know when and where you are going to talk to us about what WE want! Remember you work FOR us, for the time being! Vote this hack out!
and who could read the whole thing? Even if they'd let us, which they didn't. There wasn't time to before vote forced @ChronFalkenberg
The ACA got a CBO score and took months to craft. GOP screamed repeal and replace for 7 years but only took a few weeks to produce POS bill.
John, you have done so much for government transparency which I appreciate. Why so little here?
Answer Lisa's question, Senator.
John, you're not winning any friends here. Don't worry about what Nancy Pelosi does. Worry about what you do. That's what my focus is.
No, that was the GOP House members just last week, Senator. #wealthcare
You know that was taken out of context. The bill had been online for months at that point.
@Thatisthejoke
And the House GOP last week, but that's not important, right? 
Remember what Paul Ryan said back then, and how he flip-flopped a full 180 degrees? Yeah?
Did you read it ?
Not what she said. It was also 7 years ago. Grow up and engage on current issues, you hollow shirt.
Not what she said!  Where have you been?!! 
