The LAST thing we want.
58% of Americans support it.

38% approve of Donnie.

Easy math.
Easy when you make the numbers up. Polls can be made to show anything, like ALL the polls that showed Hillary winning election!
Yes, yes, we know. All polls that don't agree woth your delusions are fake. We understand, precious. 
You are the one that is delusional. The polls were proven to be wrong by the election, but you just keep believing them, snowflake! 

The oil and gas industry didn’t even want the US to leave the Paris Accord! Exxon and others lobbied to stay in.
Maybe. I have my doubts about Exxon's honesty on that topic. Nevertheless, John works hard to knock down regs and get them what they want.
point is, Cornyn is an ideologue even when industry is realistic! the industry is genuinely worried about galvanizing opposition

Works in Canada, the U.K., Scandinavia, Australia, France and just about every other developed country.
Dear friend died of flu because of single payer system in England. FREE MARKET BASED SYSTEM.
They didn't die because of the NHS, and since England has the option to pay cash at any time to be seen, your "point" is irrelevant.
Thank God! It's past time.
John, when will the GOP get off their butts and pass a new health care law? The time to act is NOW! What's the hold up?
The holdup is that all they know how to do is whine. Did it for 8 years but clearly have no actual plan. @gop is incapable of governing
I hear the selling of America begins tomorrow
Sadly, that started about a year ago....
Why didn't the Republicans have a good plan ready to go? 7 years and nothing?
They have ZERO idea how to govern. All they can do is whine and obstruct, as they have well shown.
You don't have a plan but you're critiquing the left for theirs?
How about this - How many people lose insurance under their plan? How many people lose it under yours? That's what I thought.
Awesome.
Also single-payer and/or universal healthcare is not government run or socialistic. It's standard care as a right not a privilege.
Look it up, It's government run. Hillary wanted it, that's all we need to know.
Gods forbid that anyone should ever learn from experience. Single-payer works everywhere it's tried. Why don't Americans deserve it?
Great!
We sure do. Come to the blue side...we have healthcare.
The people in your party want it too.
I know you are trying to act like your concerned.  Why do we never get anywhere on the things you are concerned about???
Because as you pointed out: it's only an act.
Good! #ForesightIs2020
Would have lots of benefits for businesses large and small.
Why don't we choose a system by whether it gives the best care to the most folks, rather than whether it's "right" or "left"?
Many Euro countries have mix of govt system and regulated private insurance and they work just fine. Goals should be max coverage, min costs
Many in your party are still OK with a system in which folks are either uninsured or insured but one serious illness away from bankruptcy
TX voters want you to clearly state your position. Don't BS about "access", tell us about coverage, pre-existing conditions and subsidies
Access vs affordability?  I'll go with affordable but it means taxing the rich
Why not?  I like my Medicare
Too many unnecessary tests, meds and procedures. We need more focus on prevention and compliance. More patient accountability.
As a health care worker for the past 25 years, I can say the current system is NOT working. Hard to find home healths to accept Obama care.
I'm your constituent and I support single payer healthcare!! Everyone has a right to affordable, high-quality care. Don't you agree??
I've heard trump voters saying the same thing because they realize now the GOP has no fucking clue.  2008 is gonna suck for you guys.
It works
Do it and you might save your seat in congress.
Too bad you guys can't figure out a way to make America #United again.
Republicans: The Pay-Through-the-Nose-for-Health-Care-Party? The Save-Insurance- Industry-Grotesque-Profits Party? John Cornyn: king of Cons
It works for the rest of the industrialized world, john.
The Demos gained control of American's lives via Obamacare, & now CA intends to bankrupt Americans to provide HC to millions of illegals?!
Medicare for all should be your top priority. Offer it as a competitive alternative to high insurance rates. Instill true market competition

Single-Payer National Healthcare is the ONLY remedy for the American healthcare system. But the lobbyists pay too well to let it happen.
The price Republicans pay refusing to fully fund ACA and taking meaning action on healthcare
But you won't be because party over country with you! #shameonyou  #2020iscoming
And it's about time! The rest of the industrialized world has left us in the dust. You could be a leader John #MedicareForAll
Problem is cost of care. Over $10000 charge from my doc/facility for routine colonoscopy.  BCBS pays only 10% but if uninsured pay full
As your constituent, I want everyone to have the care they need. That could be single payer. Stop demonizing others and work on a fix.
thats what the people want, it is a matter of life and death after all.@txlege @TXDemWomen
...has it. And 60% agreed in the last poll by Pew. But you love to push labels rather than serve the state with the highest # of uninsured
The idea, one way or the other, is for everybody to have coverage, not kick off 51 million in a decade (CBO report). Most of the world...
Instead of tweeting so much. Have a town hall and explain ur position.
come to the light side. We have cookies and free prostate cancer screenings. #healthcareforall
When it's starts being about people and stops being about the money you've received and the profits for the Insurance people it will work.
psst so are lots of republicans after seeing the shit you're pulling
Any shift is better then where the GOP is! Geez!
No
You do realize that the goal is to get to a sp/uhc system, right? Like every other developed nation?
These 2 constituents are in favor of single payer health care!!!
You don't know your right from your left. You represent me too and I'm in the middle. It's  immoral to not have health services for all.
Senator, have you taken a look at the top 20 industrialized nations of the world as far as healthcare? How is healthcare provided?
John, it is all you have left after deliberately sabotaging the ACA. You been so busy in Obama-hate you didn't see your consequences.
As a small business person, I'm ok with that, at least for a basic set of services. Let me create economic activity.
What a great idea!
Good thing they don't have control of the houses of congress
Better get on board John or face extinction.
Just because you label something as left doesn't take away it's effectiveness! Focus on #trumpRussiaEspionage #DoYourJob #resist
Commie bastards,they should just let the poor die out of sight! Is that what you are thinking John? I haven't seen your thoughts,so guessing
It is so easy to just say no... how about a suggestion on how to fix the system!
#CornynTheCoward is floating the idea of single payer? Please, yes, sign on or we #CanCornyn20
Medicare for all. The system we have now is moribund. Its a Death-care system.
What's you're point John?
What point are you trying to make here, Cornyn?
Don't let single payor happen. We see how that works with our VA. Also Canada abysmal healthcare.
Are you going to let the babies that your 'Pro-Life' rhetoric saves die because their parents can't afford lifesaving medical care?
Healthcare costs are soaring due to obscene profiteering by drug and insurance companies.  Can you say epipen? #do your job
Sounds good
Why don't you join us?
So will your committee consider elements of single payer, or reject it because it's too "left wing"?
You hate ACA which largely came from the Heritage Foundation because Democrats proposed it, so I can't say I have much hope for you.
Because regular people want healthcare too, not GoFundMe when they have a serious illness.
Yes, like the rest of the developed world. Don't let your free market ideology interfere with common sense.
These all depend on Fed Tax ! Not one penny!
Of course, what do you expect from the new socialist party?
while GOP attempts to dismantle health care programs for disadvantaged and underemployed  in order to hand a massive tax break to top 1%...
Good!
I'm sorry you'd rather keep taxes low on high earners than save the most unfortunate. You must learn that at GOP bible study.
...And Join Rest of Industrialized World
I hope this happens. People lose everything with the health system we have today.
Single payer great idea. When can we start?
Watch and learn, Senator. #townhall
Better plan than GOP. Stop being a divider and start leading
It's the only solution, assuming you want to live your life affirming Christian values!!!
Americans are waking up to the fact that GOP loves the old unfair way, because the companies that profit from it donate to your campaigns.
Because the insurance companies are the sole reason for all that is wrong with healthcare. Sorry insurance companies and their politicians!
Democrats have been pushed left by a GOP that refuses to consider what is best for people, choosing party/$$ over country every time.
Here's the deal John. For profit healthcare will never be universal healthcare. Special interests do not have America's interests at heart.
I hope you're sharing this to reflect your recognition of the obvious consumer benefits of a single payer system.
You're as bad as Trump. Give the propaganda a rest. It only works on the stupid. "Trump Supporters"
Healthcare isn't a right/left issue.   It's a need by all.   Quit playing games with your constituents.  No  trumpcare
..You are apparently suggesting that this move is somehow "bad," correct?

Coming from the guy taking money from Big Oil?
quit sending news stories & come talk 2 us voters in TX & tell us what you & the other 12 men on committee are doing to fix h/c!
W/majority in senate & house & WH, how is U focus on Dems? 
Your employers need to talk to you in townhall meetings across Texas. Now.
Senator, why do you want your fellow Americans to go bankrupt and die miserably because we cannot afford healthcare?
It's only left relative to Rs--it's centrist from a global perspective.
Why should Americans pay more for less?
So yeah, we have shifted further left, as has much of the country on health care.
Get used to the concept, Sen. Cornyn. It is coming in spite of all your partisan bellowing.
D's know they can buy/own votes for life & R's unwilling  to change/end programs - like Welfare, SNAP, Obamacare, SS.  #SocoalismSucks
Insurance companies have failed us and this is our best real hope.
How appalling that Dems think all humans deserve access to healthcare that won't bankrupt them  TX wants coverage for ALL
Like every other industrialized nation who recognizes that healthcare is not simply a product to sell. Single payer is coming.
The way the GOP is handling it, more and more Americans are going to support a single payer system. Free market doesn't work in health care
Having privatised healthcare does not threaten financial capitalism as a whole. Give it a rest, will you? Keeping  sick weakens 
Thank God!  It's time for a fair healthcare system
Yes we can
Senator, healthcare costs 17% of GDP giving global competitors advantage. 50% or more in Healthcare.  Compete!!!
I guess tht pay off is your retirement fund? @ least ur not the cheapest sell out 
This was the plan. Institute something that collapsed the system and use as reason for move to single-payer. Snakes.
The I don't care whether you live or die as long as my  buddies get richer party? Republicans shift closer to the gates of hell.
Yep. Works for the rest of the civilized world just fine.
Senator, Dems have been for single payer for a while. They compromised w/ GOP to improve HC through ACA. Now, Dems are standing up to GOP.
Much more cost-effective and Christian than what the Just Let People Die Party comes up with.
Anyone who supports the dangerous, treasonous administration of D Trump deserves to be voted out of office at the earliest opportunity.
This is no "shift" it's what they wanted all along
GREAT IDEA!!
According to CBO- which reduces deficit more
A) public option 
B) House ACHA
Interesting idea.  Simple, fair.  What's the downside?
Democrats want state control of everything... they want to control us. Totalitarianism
Wrong...but keep living in your Fox News/breitbart/Alex Jones cocoon.  Smh
Meanwhile you and the other republicans want tax cuts for the 1% while taking away healthcare from the poor.
- Hell yes! It's a matter of when, not if. Public option is another incremental step. We all deserve HC w/o $$ ruin
Does the GOP have a solution to the healthcare problem? Or is it still your position that not everyone deserves it? More tax cuts?
How much money are you taking in from insurance companies, John? You need to listen to us and not them, jackass.
That's SENATOR Jackass. Show some respect. 
It's about time
Wow, I sure hope so!
yeah, it turns out that's what most people want
Listening @TheDemocrats @DNC @NancyPelosi @CoryBooker @dccc ?
The left can go to another country that provides single payer... this a free country not oppressed so leave my health alone
Or you can go to another country and ruin it. Meanwhile we'll figure out how to insure our citizens instead of being duped by politicians.
Hope you don't want to go to any other first world country or you'll just run into a single-payer system there. Oops!
We might just agree with every other country in the civilized world that enjoys substantially better outcomes for substantially less $?
I do declare.
Wow. And timeliness, which is always the fallback argument against single-payer, isn't even great.
Yep, I lived in the UK for 17 years. Had great healthcare at the same or less cost than I've seen in the USA with NO HEADACHES.
I just paid nearly $200 for a 5 minute office visit to get a precancerous spot taken off my face with cold air. I have employer insurance.
UK Healthcare: you pay it as a deductible as part of your taxes, see the Dr. whenever you need to and pay no co-pays - EVER.
Sounds oppressive and controlling to me. 
But every republican supports #Medicare, and understands its the solution for seniors. Himm! Hint, high risk pools don't work! I'm a rep!
No way I don't want government to be in charge of my health.. especially the democrats.. they will kill all elderly and sick individuals
Killing the elderly and sick is what market-based healthcare does. Markets don't care about the elderly and the sick.
That was the end game all along. debate no longer if gov should provide HC but now - what's best HC gov can provide. Force fed entitlement
Bot. Bot. Bot.
How about a town hall near Austin so you can share why you tweeted this article?
thats what they been trying since hillary, then bernie... and now again. no way di we want this crap.
You mean no way do you want a HC system that controls costs, improves outcomes, and insures everyone? Brilliant, this one.
It saves money.  That's why a plurality of republicans support too.
that's right bitch
The Democrats are shifting to the mainstream of American public opinion.
Yay us!
Yes!
Single payer has far more support than kicking 23M off healthcare. Maybe you'd be better versed if you actually spoke to your constituents!
Single payer nightmare- get educated instead of listening to false narratives
 Thanks for the insults, but I guarantee I have far more education than you do. More $$ too ;)
Give them the VA healthcare, will give our vets something better
Good.

You misspelled "Americans".
