Can you explicitly admit white supremacists are bad without alienating your base?

As your constituent, I can say you can't.
.@tedcruz has a seat to lose so he's trying to get the middle. Cornyn just hopes it will be forgotten by the time he's up for votes
Then impeach @potus. Enough.
you still support Trump.
Come on, you can do  it. White Christian Terrorists. Let the words out. Or keep straddling the fence like the water carrier you are.
They are NOT Christian
http://www.foxnews.com/politics/2016/11/16/trumps-holy-alliance-with-evangelical-voters.html … 81% of evangelicals voted for a man who hired Miller, Bannon, and Gorka.
Actually unholy
Since Trump has been president domestic terrorism has risen against Jews, Muslims and people of color. Your silence is an endorsement
Yes, they should. Your party is responsible for this by being silent and complicit in all that's going on in this awful administration. @GOP
Yes they should be, so why are you and @POTUS not willing to do so?
Finally. No place for white nationalists in our government either. Do your job and condemn Bannon, Miller, Gorka and DT.
Let me know when he does....  
Not holding my breath. The Koch's would cut off his income stream if he grew a backbone and didnthe right thing.
I understand mine well. Is it a Koch script?
To be fair you do have a very hard job trying to count to 51. Counting is hard. As is stating Nazis are bad evidentially....
They're Nazis, aka white supremacists. For someone who whines about using the right language to call out terrorists, you are awful at it.

#ImpeachTrump #Putinspuppet #LockHimUp you are now complicit and responsible for Trump...shameful.
Deeds not words, Senator
You are denouncing what happened in VA. Censure our RACIST President. Or forever be linked with the most reviled Pres. in modern US History
Half a day to determine how to not anger the only supporters you have left.
When is your town hall scheduled?  You need to speak with your constituents.  You are living is a hole if you ignore us.
Bigotry and hate filled violence brought up by our #POTUS 
Call Donald Trump out!
Thank you. Please follow this up with voting NO against racist nominees. Start with chief scientist for USDA - a birther
What about the bigotry & hatred of the left John? What about destroying our country one monument at a time? #Apologist @tedcruz @SenateGOP
Why have you not publicly condemned Trump by name. Repub. President emboldened these people with his hateful rhetoric.  You are complicit.
With all due respect, it should have started  with the GOP standing up to Trump during the campaign. You guys are late as usual.
Maybe you should say this to Traitor Trump. He doesn't seem to share America's values. #impeachtrumppence #DoSomethingGOP #trumprussia
Can you please denounce the President?.,Anxious Texas voter.
Senator, the President is damaging our country, your party, and our position on the world stage. #25thAmendmentNow
Trump's attack on GOP senators are part of his plan to diminish the legislative branch & consolidate power. Time is running out to stop him.
Is this twitter pretends to  #Trump statements at Trump Tower? If so say so!
Then condemn them Senator. And say the words:  White Supremists are not welcome. Nazis are not welcome. SAY IT.
Obama never said RADICAL ISLAMIC TERRORISM FOR 8 YEARS. So, don't hold your breath waiting.
lol, is that seriously the best you got? I know under your sheet it is a good argument, but you are just defending Klan members
Now we know #JohnCornyn wears a white hood w/the other #NazisInTheWhiteHouse DJT, Bannon, Miller, Gorka, Sessions, & Conway. All eyes on you
It's blazingly apparent that they ALL are Nazi minions who just lust after the vote no matter how tainted. A sad, sad state we are in.
I believe that "the strongest possible terms" of condemnation are impeachment & removal from office.
Cornyn....something for you to read and take to heart
Trump right to condemn racist violence & bigotry. He is also right to condemn violent Antifia who destroy property & talk killing cops.
Your father was a POW under the Nazis in WWII, and you still can't call out a president who legitimizes neo-Nazi hate? Shame on you.
My senator, then put your president on notice, support the censure resolution in congress.  The free world doesn't support nazis.  Period.
.@JohnCornyn registered member of #KKK
#KKK data base hacked. Registered members unmasked
US Senators Thom Tillis, @JohnCornyn, Dan Coats & Johnny Isakson.
GoFYS @JohnCornyn https://twitter.com/inxsys/status/898380358105710592 …
Call the violent white supremacists out. Call them what they are.
You need to say it louder.  I had to come find it on Twitter.  "Bigotry & hate-filled violence" is milquetoast.  These were Nazis. #choose
Terrorism. Racism. White supremacy. Say it.
say his name
Your there is not.  There is not room for the other hate groups either.
And there's no place in the WH for a Nazi #impeachOrBeComplicit
Strongest possible terms is that there is no place for white supremacist movements in the US.
Simple question. Will you continue to stand with a racist bigot who will undoubtedly be remembered as the worst US Pres. in modern history?
You could also re-tweet President Obama-his stuff is great.
On both sides.
I agree. Put on your big boy pants and let those strong terms fall from your mouth. ... I'm waiting... still here... still waiting...
Spoke to your office. They said you implied white supremecists are bad. Why won't YOU say it? Man up.
Quit asking him to come out on the side of decency. It goes against both his nature and his base.
Then do so, Senator, using stronger terms than this.
Be more specific. Who perpetrated the violence? Where were they radicalized?
Racist voters are going to be outnumbered by angry voters in #2018 and #2020. Even in Texas - wait and see.
You will, of course, look into the proposal to weaken DOJ civil rights division and counter this move with well thought legislation, right?
Interesting read.
Why did it take you over 12 hrs to make this weak statement? You're usually all over Twitter. Cruz at least called a spade a spade.
Good grief...it took 13 hours for you to come up with THAT?!? So when WILL you "condemn in the strongest possible terms?"
Give him a break. He was busy fundraising.
No place for white nationalist domestic terrorists in America (not just Cville)! Use the words. Call on 45 to fire Brannon, Gorka, Miller
Is this it?  Sounds like trump.  How about this, "I stand with the protesters against neo-nazis, racists, and white supremacists!"
Why are you commenting so long after the fact?
Beside condeming you must look at policy being passed 1)Voter suppression initiatives 2)Voter fraud investigation with no warranted proof
DOJ policy changes changing safeguards to gov. institutions. It just goes on and on what has been allowed since January. Sen. you are a part
How many days later Senator Cronyn??  This should have been a no brainer. I guess not when you are lockstep with Trump.
Senator Cornyn You must denounce Antifa as POTUS did when he said both sides. Or is he smarter than you.#losingmyvote
2/2 By how you said it & what you didn't say you are showing us you are a #racist & support #RacistInChief. TX is ashamed of you. #Coward
Your language tells us u want racism out of #Charlottesville (not all of US) & 'should' tells us you are not condemning anything. #fail..1/2
Thank you for this, BOTH sides were wrong. From the white supremeist Nazis and Antifa &BLM hate and viloence wrong on both sided
Third, I condemn the use of the police as a political tool to favor a left wing ideology.
Second. I condemn the radical left who used violence to restrict the Constitutional right of free speech.
First, I condemn the police who failed to protect a lawful assembly of persons and their right to speak in the public square.
#CitronellaCircleJerk
Will there be prison terms for the perpetrators and enablers of terrorism?
Senator social media team this tweet looks like a #GOP "copy & paste" or as we see it "cover your ass" NOT GOOD ENOUGH! # Charlottesville
#NaziSympathizer #KKKSympathizer
1. "Should be" doesn't count. 
2. Which actions and by whom?  BE SPECIFIC.  
3. Your weak response indicates sympathy.
Don't see anyone calling for your impeachment or calling for you to step down. Disappointed GOP is not public with support for Trump.
Then you should directly call out the one who refuses to condemn them, Senator Cornyn. A subtweet is not a strong stance.
When are you going to oust Nazi Trump?! Do your job, Senator!
What is your stance on GOP practice of racial gerrymandering and voter suppression?
yes they should. Stronger terms, and how about you also denounce the racist in the White House ?
But you still stand with the racist, nazi-loving @realDonaldTrump
#WhiteSupremacy is not accepted anywhere in the US. The President should not validate any such hate from any groups.  There that's better
Passive voice feels like a passive sentiment about the subject. Disappointed in Republicans who sound like this.
Says the guy who stood shoulder to shoulder with Mitch McConnell as the GOP tried to undermine/tear down everything our BLACK president did.
Then prove it by rejecting #EricDreiband as head of DOJ Civil Rights Division. Words without actions are meaningless.
I have come 2 the conclusion that @GOP has no backbone r balls. They don't denounce Chump's statement yesterday. Glad my Sens r Dems.
You could start by condemning the president
"These actions should be condemned in the strongest possible terms."  We're still waiting....empty words...
IMPEACH Trump!
They should. When will you condemn them? Did you see the Nazis marching outside the Jewish synagogue? It's happening here, now.  Condemn now
"Should be condemned" well, them why don't you go ahead and do that?! Actions speak louder than your tweets.

Maybe it would be more believable if GOP didn't speak out against racism the same day the got caught racially gerrymandering in Texas?
If the @GOP don't act to remove, or "disarm" DJT, the American people will never support your agenda/you @SenateGOP @HouseGOP @VP
You are complicit in the violence in Charlottesville. You stand by our white supremacist POTUS and advance his agenda for $. Shame.
You're a bag man, you always have been. Get a backbone and Speak up against tolerance of Neo Nazis!  Your weak voice makes you complicit
No condemnation of Trump’s words/views yet? Yeah, didn't think so.
WEAK. At least my other senator @tedcruz called them out by name. Now BOTH denounce the divisive toxic @realDonaldTrump #ImpeachTrump
@JohnCornyn appreciate you standing up to evil. Now call out Trump by name. Act to end this cancer before he destroys our republic.
Condemn white supremacy @JohnCornyn ! Stand up for your constituents of color. Tell Trump to get Bannon out of OUR HOUSE. Do your job!
What is @JohnCornyn thoughts on Trump "blaming all sides"?
To be clear you are in a position to do something about this. We're waiting.
...by @realDonaldTrump ...Where's your condemnation of his outrageous comments from yesterday?
Thank you for speaking up and saying the right thing. Now get behind it so we know you mean what you've said.
Well..anything to say to your President?
Will you condemn the KKK, Nazis, and alt-right by name? Condemn Trump for not doing so?
We need your Texas leadership. As my representative you must see that #45 will harm all Americans. #45 is dangerous for America.
How can you stand behind a "president" who doesn't condemn?
This is a weak statement.
How many times have I heard The President needs to use the words Rad Is Terr? And now? Does the president need to talk of terrorism? Courage
like with legislation that has teeth? or are u just wasting our time tweeting vacuous bromides?
You are supporting a Nazi sympathizer/POTUS allows Nazi groups and anti-Semitics to fester/your inaction demonstrates cowardice
From both sides of the violence. It wasn't just neo-nazi group or white sup. groups that were there to cause trouble. Antifa and BLM were to
This is pitiful. Speak again. Say no to KKK, no to nazis.
Senator, ask the House to initiate #impeachment. You are a mealy mouthed coward if you don't. #Charlottesville #ImpeachTrump
Yeah, I agree. The Republic are total cowards too, helping Trump try to start a war with North Korea.
#TexasDeservesBetter
@JohnCornyn  @POTUS said the white supremacists & neo-Nazis were nice & sweet. Will you continue to give cover for these repugnant ideas?
What say YOU now???? Had enough YET? Pull the plug on 45.  YOU have a moral & civic responsibility.  Your actions will be remembered 4ever
Tell that to the fucking president
Do you think your president did so today?
It's not enough to denounce bigotry. Denounce Trump!
How??? Congress must take non-violent action to fulfill this mandate - the power is with you. Please lead this before deteriorates further.
Nothing matters unless you do something about Trump. Aiding & abetting evil is a crime. Don't go down on the wrong side of history. #Impeach
tell that to @POTUS
Insist the President fire Bannon, Gorka & Miller, I might then believe your sincerity.
Your move @GOP...continue to remain loyal or be a leader?! Tick tock..25th amendment 
http://politi.co/2vZxhn9 
All the @GOP all hollow, all the time. Cowards. #Impeach
What do you have to say today? We're waiting...
Should be condemned? DO IT THEN!
How can you say this and then turn around and support the cause of the violence? Stop putting party first. It's disgusting.
Mr. Senator - if you care about Texans, you will denounce the President's response to Charlottesville. The TX Leg took a stand. You can to.
As 1 of ur constituents I am waiting for you to condemn @realDonaldTrump "in the strongest possible terms" given his press conference today.
Thank you -please speak out again Bc racist #Potus took back his words. Time to remove him from office. NO Nazi President.
And the two sides are NOT equivalent. We fought a war against the Nazis. Stand up to the President. He is wrong and unAmerican.
What do you say to #POTUS now that he's defending these American Terrorists? What will you do JOHN? Condem the POSTUS, John. That's what!!!
Strong terms: #FireBannon and #ImpeachTrump I'm sure you got lots of calls, emails, and faxes warning you about them. Thnx for noticing
What will you do to prevent this hate in our state?
Then DO something John. You are enabling 45, who has lost his mind, in over his head. YOU are as guilty as he if you put GOP over US
Thank you but could have been a little stronger!
All gangs are domestic terrorist!
Really? Then demand that from @realDonaldTrump.
Why haven't you?
First amendment rights were violated. Where is the outrage? No one is for bigotry and hatred. Uphold our constitution.
What about the groups involved? Are they part of the right?  Do you want to unite with them?
Alt Right leader is prez's advisor, is that ok?
Are you talking about Nazis or White Supremacists or KKK or the @TexasGOP or who exactly?
As my senior senator I expect clarity not PC spin.
My, how prompt!
Trump's staff W/ 3 Alt Right/Breitbart reps of Steve Bannon,Steve Miller,Sebastian Gorka that lead Trump.Unfit, no agenda will pass.35% poll
Tell your boy Trump that.
@tedcruz did a fantastic job! What's up with you johnny?  Weak....try again...
When are you going to act? This president is unfit for the job. Words are cheap.
So do you denounce KKK, alt-right, white supremacists, Richard Spencer? When is ur recess town hall?  @texasdemocrats
You are correct and what are you doing to stop this from spreading in TX?
Weak, weak stmt. Are there no leaders left in the #GOP?
Hard to believe that we're STILL waiting for you to tell the Nazis that you're not on their side. Why won't you call out white supremacists?
Senator, you are being warned by your fellow Texan. If you are responsible and honest, do something not just talk-sad and shameful.
Texans are proud, not stupid. Call out Neo-Nazis as terrorists now! We will find someone to replace you if you don't. #replacecornyn
One tiny ambiguous comment
Trump can't condemn racism and then attacks the African American CEO of Merck. Your party is shameful. Sad day to be an American. Speak out!
What is YOUR hesitancy SIR?! THIRD REQUEST!!
Dems on the House Homeland Security Cmte have called for hearings on white supremacist terrorism 2X this year. Will GOP respond to 3rd call? https://twitter.com/StollmeyerEU/status/897207242407247873 …
They really should be. So I'm waiting. Please, by all means, condemn them already.
So please tell us, what terms of condemnation are you using? What action are you taking? SHOW US THAT YOU GET IT!!
Your words ring hollow. Where is your action. Take a damn stand for crying out loud. Quit supporting bigots and liars.
You regularly support the Great Orange one that has ignited the fires under this bigotry and hate...
No place for it in Charlottesville...but on Pennsylvania Avenue - you're okay with it there...
I like how you side-stepped this by saying it "should" be condemned - but you aren't actually condemning it here. You're a slippery one...
How about pushing for something like this in TX? Illinois Senate passes measure calling for neo-Nazis to be classified as terror groups
What Neo-Nazi/Alt-Right/White Supremacist/White Nationalist got your tongue? Why can you and DT say it?
Use the words white supremacist!!!
Or in the White House Senator. David Duke  voted in 45. Call evil, evil.  "should be condemned." Weak words. #WhiteSupremacistTerrorists
What's wrong with you? Racism got your TONGUE? Pronounce your Constituents Names!
NAZI,KKK,SKINHEAD&ARMEDMILITIA'S
Photo of my Brother's Car
John, you're my Senator. If you don't call it out, you'll have thrown Texas away. Do you want to retire? Bec. This is how you retire.
I'm a Texan voter. Ur statement is weak. You need to call for action. Senator Cruz has called for an investigation. Do you agree with him??
There is no place in America for the KKK, the white nationalists, the neo-Nazis.  No place for their hate, these are human rejects.
Condemn the KKK.  Condemn the white nationalists.  Condemn the neo-Nazis.  Name them and SHAME them, loudly & forcefully.   This is not enuf
Expose the truth https://www.facebook.com/TheRealRedElephants/videos/458166431221827/ …
https://www.facebook.com/TheRealRedElephants/videos/458166431221827/ …
If you can't even be as much of a person as @tedcruz you should resign your seat.  They're Nazis and Klansmen.  Speak the truth or resign.
They should be but you're not doing it why?
So why in the hell aren't U condemning white supremacist domestic terrorists in strongest possible terms? Afraid to upset base? #DoYourJob
They are Nazis. It may be fashionable to use cutesy terms like altright or general terms like bigots or racists. They are Nazis.
You have our full attention now. Use the strong terms. We are all waiting. We are also waiting for 2020 to vote you out. #cantwait #byebyeJC
You could start by distancing yourself from the KKK running the white house!  #RESIST #Impeach #RemoveThemAll
Why won't you specifically denounce the racist Nazi scum that murdered that woman? If you don't then I assume you march with them.
Senator, do you support the white nationalist rally planned at Texas A&M University on September 11th?
Knew 45* was a racist before the election - those paying  attention.  Now we are here what will you do?
I expect you to hold our president accountable. His tweet this morning criticizing Ken Frazier is inappropriate as well.
Your president is a racist and you support him! You should be ashamed of what your party represents! #resist
You so-called "leaders" just CAN'T bring yourself to condemn Nazis & the KKK by name can you! And you accused Obama of "leading from behind"
stop the wall if you really believe that
On both sides!
"These actions should be condemned" Are you condemning this? Or, did AG Sessions tell you to frame your statement this way?  #Shameonyou

Your silence of Trumps behavior these past 18 months speaks volumes. Since you have not found your spine consider buying one w/PAC $$$
