: so you are not trusting/believing your own intelligence? I guess you are now part of the "alternative facts" group. shameful
There's 3 branches of gov 4 a reason. How's the Trump/Russia/foreign agent in WH investigation?  Add nepotism in WH, too.
Given Congress's behavior for most of the last decade, I think your Republican colleagues would be first on such a list.
Says a lot about the confidence in the ability of the current members of Congress don't you think?!
follow the money and I'll tell u about congress.
looks like Americans are giving up on the hypocrisy of Washington.  Certainly giving up on so called president @realDonaldTrump
Stop defending mentally unstable president & start defending U.S. Just bc he won the election does not mean he's fit to be POTUS
What did you delete, John?
you work for us.  It seems you have forgotten this.
You are a lying hypocrite. What happened to your morals? I wish you were out, you are not to be trusted
thanks for burying your head in the sand & misleading re: Trump tweets on @Morning_Joe. I guess you're out as a patriot.
some like yourself will not tell the truth, will go against our country to defend a corrupt pres & Admin. Stand up!!
why did you delete this?
You too, bro?
That is what happens when you are dysfunctional. (And make no mistake: ALL of Congress is dysfunctional now) The courts are still working.
the ball buster is this Republicans stole the set we Democratic had the right too fill an you took that right .
Maybe it is because Congress is not doing what American wants but what Congress wants.  You do remember you have constituents?
You put party over country.   You know that clown in WH is lying.  You did not give President Obama's SCOTUS  nominee a hearing.  Bias.
#urpartofproblem
GOP gave up responsibilities moment @POTUS44 elected Now want to act like u actually did job. #GOPGrandolprevaricators
how can we depend on you - you defend trump's lie after the FBI and doj both said it was a lie. What is wrong with you?
Have you given up? Looks like it. Oh wait, maybe the rich need more tax breaks and working Americans don't need healthcare.
#FullRepeal
just saw your CNN appearance. How can you still try to back up made-up and false wiretap accusations? #squirming
GOP did just that w-Garland. If "its election yr" enuf to steal Garland seat then surely "Prez under fed invest" > than stuff!
quit changing the subject
yea Because here the truth .. Republican party are liars an don't give a chit about the people .You want the vote an then dump
are you an American or a Russian sympathizer???
many have given up on Congress's ability to govern and represent the people responsibly.
talking about POTUS?
This was deleted!?
like you?
do ur job and the courts won't have to. But they are there to check u and 45, remember!? Democracy and all that....
You do remember YOU work for Texans 1st?

Country 2nd?

Not GOP 1st, 45* 2nd, Country 3rd, then Texas?

Sadly priorities lost
Are you talking about about #ComeyHearing #Trumprussia?
.@JohnCornyn fully agree that Congress has abdicated its responsibilities. We should definitely hold it’s majority leadership accountable
.@JohnCornyn depending on courts to check executive power is a bedrock feature of our country, didn’t you know?
Everyone remember; @tedcruz in 2018, @JohnCornyn in 2020. We need to GET OUT THE VOTE and get the hypocrites out! @IndivisibleTeam
as if the Republican Party never used the courts to block Obama,
Yes,UR correct Corny, I TXvoter have given up on my electedTXreps,gov,senators,other elected 'non-officials'Udon't have my vote!
, what did you delete that you don't want us to see?
Have you conveniently forgotten your refusal to even meet with Garland?  This bed? YOU & ur GOP cohorts made it. Now lay in it.
Given up on Congress's responsibility, like you did with the Garland nomination? Just once, ONCE, you could lead by example.
Well when Congress doesn't do their job and reps their interests & not those of their constituents...
@POTUS @Morning_Joe @MSNBC @GOP Yes Senator, only those pesky Dems would attempt to use the courts instead of an amendment.
The Tweet has been taken down. What did it say?
living document = making stuff up
you must be joking. You refuse to meet with your constituents or even have a person answer the phones. Glass houses, dude.
We have given up on having elected officials that care about us,  the people that pay you.  #LastTermCornyn
I am a constituent.  I am a concerned citizen.  You are not doing your job.  You won't get my vote again.  God bless our courts.
it was reported that only 1 Rep stayed in room to hear John Lewis testify against Jeff Sessions. Must've been you: it's your job
You haven't done anything except kowtow to Trump and avoid your constituents. #DOYOURJOB #YOUWORKFORUS 75831
Yes. It's lack of faith. What's your plan to restore faith?
Tax cuts to soothe the psychotic beast.
$3M per wknd for 45 would pay for the programs he wants to cut. NO!  Stay at WH make him do his JOB!
you have given up on YOUR responsibility! Represent ME!  No Trumpcare, no budget, no Trump. stop him from vacation every wknd
When will you have a town hall? Looked for you during Spring Break but nada. You, Ted Cruz, and Farenholdt ghosted Texans
How'd that FBI thing go today?  Haven't heard much about it from you...
he was just on MSNBC defending trump's tweet that obama wire tapped him!republicans are all liars not just trump
since to only to care to support or listen to a potion of your constituents, I hope you don't do much.
I remember getting a response from you about my concern of Bannon in  WH. Assured me of US system of checks & balances. ????
#unpatriotic #joke=congress DO YOUR JOB for people of Texas NOT GOP and big money. #lastterm
How did that confirmation hearing on Merrick Garland go? I believe that is part of the Senate's job.
you are one of them Senator. Your unwillingness to compromise on anything leaves the people relying on the courts.
Just like when the GOP left Cruz hanging on ACA and sent it to Roberts.
.@JohnCornyn Cant see the origonal tweet but regarding your statement can u blame them?  It's obvious you are an ostrich too like other GOP
Grow up John, quit the tit for tat.
why has it been deleted?
So, NOW you don’t like checks and balances? If Gorsuch is confirmed, will you change your mind?
did you ever hear about the third branch of government, the judiciary, when the other two are failing? U will not be forgotten!
Did you say this when you and your refused to hold hearing for Garland? Really? You have a case of selective memory. It's disgusting.
looks like GOP have all given up on Congress responsibilities, including yourself! I hope you are all getting good lawyers!
And every day you show us why!
Going to keep ignoring the elephant in the room --> Trump Russia ties
Welcome to the world of NO CIVIC TRUST... that you helped create.
feeling grabbed by the pussy? Welcome to the club. It's called 'Murica.
I wish I could see what this said.  Why was it deleted? Was it lies?
I have completely given up on my senators and rep. You defend the traitorous and give everything to your corporate masters.
that's because congress is inept. You guys can't compromise or work together - wouldn't even discuss Garland. What good are you?
speaking of 'given up on Congress's responsibilities' - @POTUS lied @JohnCornyn #TrumpRussia https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/president-trump-faces-his-hardest-truth-he-was-wrong/2017/03/20/af9cabfc-0d83-11e7-9b0d-d27c98455440_story.html?utm_term=.a6313f62be3c#pq=lSuk1S …
Just think for 1 minute, what noxious fumes you gas bags would emit if it were Obama. What hypocrisy. Next town hall?
The courts have been the only ones protecting the country, people, and Constitution. Rep. In Congress have only supported 45.
deleting tweets and avoiding town halls....we see you, Senator!
given up on Congress's responsibilities or ABILITIES?!?
Republicans need to get off the trump bus or you will be looking new jobs in November.
ya and you are the leader of the pack. When are the garland hearings. think a potus under investigation by  FBI get appointment
we haven't given up trying to get his taxes. Why won't trump release them
you've given up your responsibilities to constituents in favor of political affiliation. The courts step in when you fail.
damn... sick burn lady. 
Well start doing something about it. The people are upset and limited as to power, unless we go rougue.
because Congress does not seem to be doing what they should be doing. You are supposed to represent people, not companies.
or yourselves, really.
Seriously, Trump has just been officially made a liar today and under FBI investigation and this is all you got?
look into what the NSA can do and how it operates internationally.
"Some" is everyone but your pitiful dwindling base. You clearly have no intention of representation. Corporate welfare king. 
When the checks - and I mean you - have all checked out, the 60+% of us who are sick of your GOP bullshit are grateful for the balances.
Your name will be recorded in history as a crooked thief who could've prevented the dismantling of our country, but picked money instead.
If we had only relied upon Congress to end segregation...we'd still have segregation.
um, what about the 8 years Obama was in office? Do you think we forgot? Or did you? Are you mentally stable enough for office?!
ohh, your tweet-bot has almost learned the art of subtweeting...keep at it, little fella.
.@JohnCornyn do you think you rule alone? The courts are SUPPOSED to do what congress can not, that's how it works.
when's your next town hall In Texas Senator?
......C'mon, John. Most of the GOP in Congress are have abdicated their responsibilities to protect our country.
she's retarded.  I lose IQ points just listening to her.
