TrumpCare
1) Promises to insure *everybody; It won't
2) Promises to reduces cost; It won't
3) Big tax break for wealthy; It will
And Congress was exempt from the ACA, remember that?
No, it’s the opposite. Congress HAS to use Obamacare. You’re thinking of the Republican plan, which Congress is exempt from.
That must be why there is Bill on Congress right now to undo the exemption you think doesn't exist. .
I don't know everything so if I'm wrong I'm wrong
I wasn't responding to you. Read my post again. Congress is exempt.
Sorry saw my name in the tweet.
Blessed are the poor and sick... unless republicans are in office... then only the wealthy matter
Gotta love republicans, convinced half the nation it's the other sides fault their poor even though they represent them.
Exactly!
All you guys are trying to do is roll back anything associated with Obama.
This has nothing to do with delivery of healthcare or healthcare costs.
You can't even level with the American people about the ACA. That the people with rocketing premiums are in markets where GOP blocked...
...the marketplace for insurance.
You won't tell the American people that without the ACA, individual buyers will be stuck with *only high deductible plans.
The ACA gave them options to chose deductible levels.
And you lie to the American people by making them believe *everyone's health insurance premiums were going up by "120%" or whatever lie.
BS. The Kaiser Foundation found that premium increases had slowed since ACA's implementation.
@NancyPelosi @SenSchumer @elizabethforma THE WAY U TALK U SEEM TO HAVE FORGOTTEN! Y DO U KEEP PROMOTING O'CARE WHEN U KNOW IT'S HURTING PPL?
Really I think you would have better things to think about with the administration falling apart around you. Russiangate is taking you diwn
If you read the comments to your tweet,  you see that the ACA helped many American Citizens. Act like y'all give a damn for Christ's sake.
WHEN will you reveal your Grindr profile?
not true!
When can we expect the repeal? Every day Obamacare dies a little and that means more Americans are suffering.
West Virginia’s biggest utility just told the governor burning more coal is “not going to happen” you lied to coal country
AARP one of the most powerful lobbying org.. are sending out millions of emails & pamphlets about your plans to destroy the lives of seniors
Y'all should not mess with something that isn't broke, especially when y'all don't know what the heck you're doing.
At least people had hope & care what do they have with you trump & pence
Keep telling yourself that its obamas fault when the republicans defunded and continued to block every effort to continue improvements.
Obamacare must be fully repealed. Keeping 1 regulation or any piece will just extend the pain for Americans who must pay for insurance.
All those depended upon Insurance companies being part of the exchanges, when they pull out.. everything falls and they know this.
You are a fake Christian. #fakechristian.
Would y'all get OUT OF OUR WHITE HOUSE. .
Trump lie = “I’m not going to cut Social Security like every other Republican and I’m not going to cut Medicare or Medicaid.”
All three promises were kept for my son and I.
Yes & every politician who voted for it while lying should be prosecuted for fraud. They knew it was a lie.
Prove it. Again you're nothing but a trolling fraud without the evidence
Yes we do!  When will @POTUS use his bully pulpit and influence  @SenateMajLdr to get it done now?
What good are choices if you can't even get coverage?
Yes due to uncertainty of Trump & Republicans trying to cut off subsidy payments- It is the GOP fault
What about the promises our Liar in Chief made?  He is a racist thug! The poor people that supported him will vote U all out 4 all the LIES!
Promises made by @realdonaldtrump:
Everyone is going to be beautifully covered
They're going to be the best plans
It's going to cost less $$
Insurance should go to the free market.  Let them compete for our business!
That's what we have ignorant twat. That's the problem. Trumps legacy: making morons feel comfortable speaking out loud again
You're the one who cornered the market on ignorance if you resort to name calling, especially without provocation.  Bye!
FIX THE #ACA. Stop saying it's failing, then breaking it to prove ur point. Not very Christ-like is it? Hypocrite.
The ACA was failing anyway, is it Trumps fault or 43 couldn't be the Dems could it," we have to pass the Bill to see whats in it" (Pelosi)
Actually it's the GOP's fault. Google it.
4-6 years Rep had control. Refused to help fix or continue to improve. Building on the ACA would have helped more ppl. Instead they Said NO
Problem is they won't work together, that's really sad.
No matter what WE the ppl pay the price..All cuts come to us not them.
We work harder for less Congress works less for more..SAD but TRUE
A full fledged fraud from the day he said "Hello I'm Barrack Obama"
All three promises were true in my case. I kept my doctor and insurance and the cost went down b/c of limits on insurance co profits.
You're the first person in America to openly make that claim. How much did Soros pay you?
#Trumpcare hasn't even been passed yet Mikey, but we all know that it's going to be as truthful as Donnie's already many #BrokenPromises
What about all the promises that your master trump gave us.  Oh right they were lies
We remember the promises Trump has made and we will never forget.
and  who blocked him every step of the way, and  not allow him to keep those promises. You did hypocrite and the republican party.
Everyone I know had these promises fulfilled.
Good, there are also people that don't have student loan debt, but that was a long shot as well. Lol
There's nothing good or right about Obamacare; it goes against all that is American: anti-competitive, forced participation ie mandate....
Your "replacement" will kill people. But I guess that doesn't actually matter. You don't care about the average American anyway.
If you remember why haven't you done better !! What is taking so long ? 7 years already ??? And you already celebrated
Get the @SenateGOP to use nuclear option for healthcare and tax reform like @POTUS said!  Need to get both done ASAP!
Do it, since they will be out of power by 2020 for a generation or more sounds good. Then dems can quickly and legally trash trumps bs
