companies are the problem of illegal hiring go after them
4 most brave souls, a smiling family isn't all that scary
But..hate, lies, greed, Putin, white supremacy-that is scary
this is a tragedy. Anything you can do to stop this mother of 4, brought here as an infant, from being torn from her family?
Is your point that it's so infrequent that a single incident makes it in the times? Or that America catches this when it occurs?
The irony that she likely voted for you is not lost on me.
It only matters because she probably voted against YOU.
just remember a handful of illegal voters isn't 3  million
no illegals are not allowed to vote. No evidence. Just Trump nonsense
federal law, perpetrators face five years in prison and a fine of $10,000  for each act of fraud. each St. different
No mention she voted GOP. Cornyn your dishonesty and fear baiting is ruining the country. I hope you lose in 2020.
Texas should feel much safer with this bad hombre behind bars
what an incredibly sad story.  How can you be proud of this Texas injustice?   Hypocrite and heartless!
She's been here since she was a child. She knows our laws and how to read the forms. Nothing is hard about a voting reg
You're the #2 man in the US Senate now; this is a micro issue. Please focus on mass election fraud like #TrumpRussia scandals!
You only haveto prove 4,999,999 cases like this to validate Trump's assertions. Second, would voter ID laws have prevented this?
Did you read the article? It is sympathetic to her and says she is being used as political prop, just like this tweet.
8 years. You really think this is appropriate?
She was a Republican.
ANOTHER Republican voting illegally.
And she was a registered Republican. How bow dah?
the punishment does not match the crime. Shame on you.
for shame. Is this what our country has become?
The report said she was Republican.
I guess she wasn't rich enough to get probation in Tarrant County.
There's more to the story. She was uneducated, green-card holder who thought she could vote. Voted GOP.
Another reason to be ashamed I'm a Texan. Smh
For all intents and purposes she's American, but having input into the future of her American children merits 8 years.
Please learn what lawful means. Liberals will have to learn.
1. Not liberal; progressive.
Same.
"Ms. Ortega was a registered Republican. She voted for Mitt Romney over Barack Obama in the 2012 election."
Good!
only 15 cases Tex. but not for voting but for collecting ballots from people that could not get out to vote no prison
Now that their mother is gone, whose job is it to care for her American children? Answer: Texas taxpayer.
she voted republican
I thought there was no evidence of voter fraud? More fake news eh?
are you proud that our state put this mom in prison for years? My soul is sad that this is Texas now.
shame on Texas courts! Now there are 4 kids who are losing a mother for a crime that usually gets probation at max
Are you implying this is fair?If so you're absolutely heartless. As a legal resident, TX schools failed her bc she didn't  know.
All this effort to find ONE case and she votes Republican. Smh.
lol...and she voted for your party...bunch of corrupt losers
As it should!
Make America Legal again! #MAGA
I'm sure you're really proud of this 
#TownHallinTexas
#GOP @JohnCornyn: #Republicans have control of #txlege since 1995 & failed all #Texans with illegal #elections & voter suppression? @nytimes
did you forget the Trump voters in Iowa John?
, I agree with @HoustonChron. You are just plain desperate to assert your conservative bona fides in these Trumpy times.
did you all catch the part that she voted Republican? Perhaps this renders the Red official invalid??
One? that's all, Repubs? where are the 3M to 5M illegal votes stated as FACT by Prez YOU WEAKLY SUPPORT? where is your spine?
does this make you happy? We may disagree with immigration policy, but why rejoice?
It was in Texas, so this is YOUR fault. You are not doing your job.
crossing the border w/out permission is against the law too but they didn't know that either, uh?
Say 11 million illegals 11 times. ILLEGAL.  Why is "illegal" so easy for liberals to say? Law breaking easy?
@miwine So, your so called president is now requiring you to follow this ridiculous voter fraud line of propaganda? U Tool!
Yeah and this article says her penalty was so harsh because voter fraud is so freeking rare.
now can you prove any actual voter fraud that went against the GOP?
Are you sharing this because you are against the absurdity of the punishment? This is not right.
how embarrassing!!! You're buying into @POTUS unsubstantiated and baseless claims of mass voter fraud. Pathetic!!!
So the draconian system worked?
must be why tarrant county is so blue.
wow. ONE case of voter fraud. This is why we need to spend thousands of taxpayers money on a witch hunt?
instead of Partisan tweets how about tweeting solutions! Things that are of real importance?
Where are the millions of others Senator? So far I have heard of two. I need to start wearing my boots around you!!
Wow! Add two years and 2,999,999 more, and 45 wins popular vote. Strike that, registered Republican.
The real crime is Trump/Russian ties. Investigate that. I am a constituent.
God Speed. Veteran Supporting President Trump all 8 Years
That's one down. Now time to find the other 2,999,999.
What a cold, heartless tweet. Betting people are knocking on your office door, but you won't answer, right?
believe you would have resolved this w/ a better outcome, #prosecutorialdiscretion
Why is our voting registration system based solely on how a form is filled out? No database showing citizenship?
I'm for voter ID's, but 8 yrs is egregious;Waste of tax dollars and ex of AG using office for political points
another Republican violating election laws.
is this something you fully support or are you restating facts?
this is the saddest thing I've ever seen. I hope she appeals the sentence.  Horrible.
did you READ this? she was a registered REPUBLICAN! now what about her 4 babies with no mom or dad?
This is despicable! And the fact you posted it is appalling. She has 4 teenage kids! Paxton, Cornyn , & Abbott Shame!
@twright55 @nytimes wow she is 37 and didn't know she can't vote? Yea right
she was brought to the US as an infant. She can own property, serve in the military, pay taxes.. but not vote.
@twright55 @nytimes never would have been caught under oblama. He and his flunkies holder and lynch looked the other way for 8yr
jet train prefers anarchy? I would give her a $10,000 fine myself instead of jail,but she didn't know at37?
yea the SJW and BLM thugs are already doing that
Texans are getting really sick of your inaction. You will get burned in Trump's raging dumpster fire. Stand up now!
Is this something you are pleased about?
@miwine thank god somebody is finally busting these pricks now go after corrupt DNC NAACP
she was registered REPUBLICAN therefore you need go after the RNC
