100 national security experts from both parties condemn the EO.  This is not partisan.  STAND UP.  We need you.
Why are you silent on Women's March and Muslim ban?
Please step up. #NO MUSLIM BAN. Don't remain silent.
#FIGHT BIGOTRY
Where is YOUR statement on the travel ban? Read Matthew 25 first, Senator. Also, the firing of a AG? Dangerous territory.
As a constituent, I'd much prefer a reasonable position statement to absurd snark. Got anything?
those who don't speak out against DJT will be on the wrong side of history.
not to mention POTUS44 was on vacation and OH NOT THE PRESIDENT ANYMORE. Meanwhile you, @JohnCornyn should be doing your damn job.
profile in getting voted out!!
Obama is retired, you are not....yet. I am ur constituent and I demand to know your position on ALL things Senate.
Yes, Obama granted @realDonaldTrump typical transitional decorum until DT started lying about the record.  Misleading tweet.
this is real John, it's not reality TV. Ppl went down with Nixon, you will go down with trump is don't stand up!!!
I am a constituent. Trump is dangerous for Texas. Fight Trump. #NoMuslimBan #NoWall #InvestigatTrumpRussiaTies
hypocrite.
Quit playing politics.  We need clean green renewable energy sources
can you update the American people on @POTUS claims of #voterfraud ?
Senator, Mr. Obama is our FORMER president & now a private citizen. How will you, as an ACTING Senator, oppose such blatant discrimination?
also has remained publicly silent on this issue. Your constituents want to know your position on the #MuslimBan, Senator.
Where do you stand? For the people or against the people. DT is not for the people. All words.
hey John, check your voicemails.  And your emails.
.@JohnCornyn He’s on vacation. Where have you been? Not answering your phones, I can tell you that.
Where do you stand on the illegal and harmful actions of @POTUS and his #MuslimBan? #Resist
yes Cornyn - enlighten us, please. Your constituents are waiting!!!
You're gonna need to find new employment in 2021, my fellow Texans and I will oust you.

immigration ban. I'm your constituent. Tell me how you're representing me on this.
How are you voting on that Muslim ban We want to know WE WANT YOU  TO VOTE NO ON THE MUSLIN  BAN! #RESISTTRUMP
PLZ STOP TRUMP! We R AMERICANS! Work across the aisle! This is Dangerous! PLZ!
Hey  @JohnCornyn So former President Obama spoke. That seemed important to you. When are you going to?
U will be primaried next election! #GrowAPair #partoftheproblem #Resist #Unfit #Illegitimate #PutinPuppet #Drumpf #Impeach #p2
my favorite hashtag for the week #MASA = make America Safe again.  thanks for standing tall.
at least @BarackObama said something about gross Constitutional violations. Your silence is deafening.
Texas is home to like five million immigrants. This issue affects us. Why are you silent?
yes it affects all of our Safety.
Obama is out of office. @POTUS calamity is on you!
just saw it! Thank you!!
with this cascade of EOs are you even relevant any longer?
where do you stand?
why are you silent about the Muslim ban?  I vote in TX.  Guilani said Mr T called it that...
you're currently in a position to speak up..... ummm so why don't you?
The least you can do is take calls from your constituents. Your voice mail has been full for 3 days.
I’m your constituent. If you have time to post BBQ pics, you have time to tell Texas where you stand on the EO.
It's 2017, John. It's time to stop blaming everything on Obama and do your job for a change.
he could only manage to wait a week and a half. That's your point right? Let these alt-lefts get a life. Support our president!!
You coward!  Do what's right and let @realDonaldTrump know he is wrong!  Or Texans will find someone who can. #NoWallNoBan
I voted for you. I want to know your positions on Trump's actions for the past days.Particularly Immigration, proposed DV cuts.
you better talk to your constituents soon. We are watching and WE VOTE!!!!!
you need to tell us, you're constituents what side you're on..believe in  vetting, not a ban. Slow process down, but NO BAN.
I'm a constituent. Would like to know if YOU support this Executive Order to Limit Refugees Into the U.S. aka the Muslim Ban.
Mr Obama spoke up today and we heard him. Be prepared to listen to the crowds. We vote.
.@JohnCornyn Uh-uh. You can't drag Obama's name into every mess.Yall in power now. When are you going to condemn the wall and travel ban?!
your phones are full but don't worry we will track you down, even at super bowl
SERIOUSLY???? He is not an elected official. You are. Why are YOU silent???
been trying to call your office for days no answer mailbox full. Voter in dist75
I also had trouble getting through today but reached staffers at Harlingen office 956-423-0162
please stand against trumps immigration ban. Voter in distr75
He isn't the POTUS. He is allowed to rest. Why aren't you taking my calls?
Senator Cornyn, please use your influence to be the voice of reason in your party!  As your constituent, I am very concerned.
As your constituent I would like to know your position on this.  Silence is not leadership
so tacky and moreover destructive of a former pres to disrespect 1)term limits 2)American people's sovereign will voting DJT
what do you have to say about it?  You actually have the power to do something.
I wish you would get off twitter and empty your voicemail. I've been trying to call your office all day.
Last time I checked, you're still in office. And yet, you haven't said anything. Hmmmm...
that you would suggest that ANYONE stay silent  on issues of racism and religious discrimination is reprehensible #NoBanNoWall
Answer your damn phones!
a senator, majority whip, former judge & state AG, and you have difficulty with right from wrong.  GOP an embarrassment.
where is your statement against a Wall, against religious ban, against isolationism & 4 NATO & 4 Mexicans & 4 Texans, etc.?
Since you don't feel the need to respond to us, we won't need to vote for you next time.
Have you all tried calling today too? I cant even talk to a staffer!!!!
best to try Texas offices. I called Dallas office, left message, was told I'd get call returned. Still waiting.
I did, mailbox full in Dallas and DC offices.
I tried Dallas first, then DC office.
and your thoughts on the #MuslimBan ?
Did you in fact get elected on your ability to be uncomfortably smug, or was it to be a leader? You and @tedcruz are silent.
Is this a game? Are we supposed to solve your riddles before we can learn your position on issues that are of actual importance?
Is this fun for you? Playing around with your constituents & posting pix of BBQ instead of addressing the VERY REAL problems rn?
Please have the courage to do what's right and condemn Trump's immigration ban.
#votehimout2020 #trumpsminion
waiting to hear how you stand, Senator
didn't have to speck up cause @POTUS44 did his job right and worked for the people and didn't TRY to divide this country
are you serious!?!? At least @POTUS44 cares about this nation unlike trump. Obama should speak up if he sees injustice. Bush
Not only are you silent but your constituents aren't able to reach.
more "alternative facts"? You are marching in step you good puppet!
As have you, Senator.  Your silence is deafening and will be remembered next election. #DoYourJob
Hi, I'm your constituent. Will you publicly oppose EO banning entry to the US by legal residents and peaceful, vetted refugees?
I am a constituent and I would like to know where you stand on the immigration ban.
Your silence on this issue is deafening and gross. Stand up for American values! #NoMuslimBan
you need to read the Washington Post. 
President Obama did speak out.
Wow, a whole week and a half? That must be a record for him.....
Way to deflect! We, your constituents, are asking YOU to speak up. You are failing us. Denounce Trump.
ICYMI:
Where do you stand on Trump's Muslim Ban? You should know & speak about your opinion of this Order.
he is off the job. What's YOUR excuse for your silence on blatant racism, Senator? Where's your pro-life talk now? #MuslimBan
You and Obama are finally finding common ground: doing nothing!  But he is ex-President, so I assume you want to be ex-Senator.
waiting to see which direction the wind blows, senator?
He's a private citizen, and you're an elected official. You should work on that.
Obama needs to get a restraining order, Cornyn is obsessed with him!
I don't care what Obama thinks, he's not President anymore.
Why are you silent about Victoria, TX? http://amp.timeinc.net/time/4652725/texas-mosque-fire/?source=dam …
Yes, please tell us why? A Muslim Mosque was burned. Have you not even condolences to offer them?
@ amen for him  speaking out… If you are in agreement senator, no problem about re election for you
what will be done about the bombing of the mosque  in Victoria TX... #NEVERTRUMP #IMPEACHTRUMP
He said he would speak out only if our core values threatened. They are. He spoke out. Simple. Why aren't you?
he is out of office. He deserves a vacation. And he just broke his silence. But as a voter I want to know your stand.
As your constituent, I'd like to know what is your position on the Muslim ban?
Obama served his 8 years. Constitution requires he move on or we'd still have him. What are you doing for Texans? #NoBanNoWall
Obama isn't in government anymore. You are. What do *you* believe, and where do *you* stand, Senator?
it's traditional and im sure you know. And if he did you'd criticize and cry foul. Stop supporting POTUS or fund a new job
Following GWB's example.
I am your constituent. Take a stand for your country. You are an American before a Repub. Act like it. We will not let this go.
Stand up to Trump
Indeed.  Didn't expect the GOP to go full brown shirt before the man could unpack his vacation bags.
Are you still staying "silent" on this issue? #wearewatching
John you officially need to "keep up":
Frm Pres @BarackObama is heartened by the level of engagement taking place in communities around the country. 
Only a week and a half?  It feels like Trump has been screwing up a lot longer than that. Sad!
Haven't been able to ask your staff your position & you're in office. Obama now a private citizen. Stop blaming Obama!
and if #potus44 said a word you would be one of the first to denounce it. #hypocrite
heaven forbid the man takes a vacation. Also, what are your stances on racist & islamophobic EOs? Your constituents are waiting.
silence on #Muslimban = approval.  PL don't be silent.  This land is our land
anything else? Or just typical non response like the letters, emails, and answers I get from staffers on the rare occasion calls
go through?
So has Bush, Bush, Carter, and Clinton, yeah?
So have YOU.  #wearewatching
Where do you stand on the Muslim Ban?
