If you’d like to help people affected by #Harvey, connect with trusted voluntary organizations by visiting: https://www.nvoad.org/  
Thank you Vice President Pence.  It breaks my heart just watching it on tv.
Guess blaming FEMA won't work this time...cause it doesn't even exist!
It was closed but apparently they shamed him in to opening it!
You could help by standing up to trump
Shut up
Ahahahahahahaha you're an angry little man
@fema Texas gas stations and stores raising the prices when people are in need they need to be shut down for good
It is called capitalism.  Supply & demand.  Demand = high. Supply = down. = Prices go up. #GetEducated
It's illegal... it's called price gouging... they are in big trouble if they get caught... The Texas attorney general just made a statement.
Big difference between price gouging and supply & demand.
In an emergency it is called price gouging!
Thank you Mr. President and Mr. Vice President.
Did you get your supply of Play Dough?
This tweet was a little late.

I already donated to the @RedCross on the advice of @BarackObama.

There is no leadership in your regime.
Red Cross does a great job but it is "too top heavy."
Why hasn't Dump mentioned this.
Samaritans Purse is already there with semi trucks of supplies as well as grief counselors to help people deal with this tragedy. Good org!
And Franklin will probably get a big raise to his 600,000+ salary. He will gladly accept your most generous donations!

Video: “Katrina breaks my heart...but we must not let Katrina break the bank for our children & grandchildren” Mike Pence-2005 #ImpeachTrump 
hey @MarkRuffalo  think you better check this out...sure you're ready to open your wallet and help those in need eh?
#HurricaneHarveyRelief

Pence quotes the bible, implies God punished Katrina hurricane victims & argues it's not the job of gov't to help survivors rebuild. (video) https://twitter.com/funder/status/902614273607835649 …
Too top heavy! They do a good job but the administrative costs are way too high.
Thank you Mr. V.P.Mike Pence for all your hard work & love for Texas & all Americans
Yeah, we taxpayers need to help because god knows the government won't. Oh, I forgot that was Katrina. You are not a Christian. Hypocrite
Mexico has been asking.  John could call Pence and see if he can get Trump to change his mind.
Church of Scientology & Red Cross will get your $ thru giving to this org. No thanks.  Give to @SamaritansPurse
So Franklin can get a raise?  600,000 + isn't enough? Talk about top heavy!
Thank fuck Obama tweeted this shit to remind your "leader" what a real president sounds like.
Not to worry Trump's in charge!
Thank you VP Pence for all you do, haters will be haters.
Really Fran? What has he done? Please inform me. I only see the pictures of all his trips.
Your My Man VP! Like you more and more everyday.

Via @MoscowTimes  Donald Trump Planning Skyscraper in Moscow http://bit.ly/1fz1uYN 
Please send boats. So many stranded. Little babies, schoolkids.
Explain why you voted against aid f Ir Hurricane Sandy victims.  Please resign.
Has our fake billionaire president donated? Have you?

Yes, awesome....
@JohnCornyn NO WALL. Rebuild TX coast, fund/staff FEMA, flood insurance. Rpt:  NO WALL. REBUILD TX COAST.

People are letting the loss of an election get in the way of helping one another in a crisis. Sad. Poor excuses for American citizens.
Poor excuses for human beings in general. So full of hate they can't even stop to help. "Kick em while they're down" attitudes.
#SheriffJoeIsRacist
How to help. Prevent worse (un)natural disasters. Fight climate change at every decision. Preserve our earth.

None ARE AFFECTED BY * HARVEY * 
ALL ARE AFFECTED BY A TEXAS STORM
Created BY ALL who USE Human's NAME?
Do NOT USE NAME HARVEY
Inappropriate
IF YOU ALL USE THE 
* HUMAN'S * NAME
YOU are RESPONSIBLE
For GLORIFYING
THE POOR USE OF A HUMAN'S NAME
FOR * YOUR * USE
MR. PENCE I recommend YOU DO * NOT * 
Callously USE the Name of 1 of YOUR CITIZENS
Get a grip ON HOLY 
USE Texas Storm & RENAME YOUR STORM
MR. PENCE
DO NOT WALK ON
A * HANDICAPPED * PERSON (OR)
ONE OF YOUR USA CITIZENS
ANYMORE
OR YOU FACE PURE HOLY GOD
IT IS "INAPPROPRIATE"
USE
USE THE NAME OF JESUS
FOR YOUR WALK
BE HOLY
BE HOLY
BE HOLY
FOR ALL YOUR US CITIZENS
OR DO NOT EVEN LEAD
DO NOT WALK ON ANY US CITIZEN
GIVE HONOR
WHERE HONOR IS DUE
FOR * EACH * OF * YOUR * USA CITIZENS
AND DO NOT HARM *1 US CITIZEN AT ALL
DO NOT HARM US CITIZENS

BY * USING * THEIR NAMES

USE THE NAME OF JESUS

HE DIED FOR * YOU AND YOUR SINS ON THAT CROSS *

JESUS
NOT DON'T NAME IT JESUS

BUT MY POINT IS THIS

USE THE NAME OF HOLY JESUS TO HELP YOU 

OVERCOME THE STORMS *YOU* CREATE AND USE HUMANS NAME

The Trump administration has not decided whether it will accept aid from Mexico to help victims of the hurricane. http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/trump-mexico-aid-hurricane-harvey_us_59a492bbe4b050afa90c3600 …

How much has fuckface donated?  And you?
My God is there no low too low for ignorant haters.
Just donated again to Red Cross and it gave me the option to donate to Texas specifically. 
We did donate yesterday but it would be great if these groups could post something to let us know the money is going to Texas.
Thank you@vp I was looking where to donate
Googled it on Saturday.  You can look shit up you know.
YOU AND MONEY....THAT CHURCH STEREOTYPE THING....I WOULD N E V E R  TRUST YOU.
Mike, I am here helping people get shelter, where r you and dummies.  You both don't get it.  Pull those mask off and come help people

I admire you so much Mike Pence. You are very comforting during this disaster, with updates Thank God for you. @IvankaTrump @DonaldJTrumpJr
so those suffering from all the water damage still have to pay panalty for not having health insurance?
I really hate you #SorryNotSorry but this is way more presidential than @realDonaldTrump plugging books and talking ratings. So...good job?
لا حول ولا قوة الا بالله العلي العظيم 
الله يحمي أمريكا
No! Visit local relief organizations 
You knew tRump was colluding with Russia during the campaign. Looks like you'll be going to jail also! Good riddance to you all!
LMAO,colluding with Russia.When will the BS end.Time to get a life folks, and accept the facts that you picked a terrible candidate.
Trump Tower Moscow??!?!? Holy sheet. The campaign lied to our faces.
You make me sick! U & the scumbag who picked U not once said/gave any indication these folks should get out of Texas. Now ask for $ #Shame
Talk to Jesis
Three exceptional First Responder organizations are @ConvoyofHope @SamaritansPurse CBN's @operationbless
You're late with this. Articles with more info than this have been out since Saturday.
Your no good to our country
Whose country Alejandro??
What are you doing to help mikey
They are Müslim children. And they killed. Why not talk about it? I hate you. How will you enter Paradise while killed children? #Arakan
White House budget aims to ‘slow’ gains in weather prediction, shocking forecasters - The Washington Post
Tell @realDonaldTrump  to retweet this. This is what deserves a retweet.
Just mimicking Obama's words? #notmyVP
Yet you are taking funding away from some of these programs. Can't have it both ways!
why don't you volunteer???
Pathetic it took President Obama to show you LOSERS how a real President reacts in an emergency


Yes help please @realDonaldTrump needs to go on another golf vacation. @VP may need money for a lawyer. Impeach
Bannon is telling friends that he got out just in time, you might want to consider same?
@Italians4Trump Why is @POTUS doing anything about #Antifa?
45* has sold out out America to Russia.
@fema vp pence first help they need is all the Texans who raised the prices of everything shut down people it's sad they can do this
I'm betting most helped within the 1 St 24 hours and we didn't need a qtip to tell us too
Whoa, some of that liberal kindness.
Are you going down to help?
Pence is going to prison and so is trumpty dumpty..share a cell and save a buck..Ha ha ha ha..tic toc ..can you hear it mike???
Very good!! We all should help if we can!
You're going to be impeached too! Fraudulent Christian! Russian puppet.

STOP THIS GENOCIDE #MYANMAR #ARAKAN MUSLIMS ARE BEING SLAUGHTERED, WOMEN RAPED, CHILDREN ARE BEING KILLED 
As nation of ur maning faces indstruter for the next generation
#GRABTHEIRPUSSIES #GRABITSPUSSY
We're that
Have you got one
Locally: Legacy Community Health: LGBT inclusive healthcare clinics provide services regardless of ability to pay.  http://app.etapestry.com/onlineforms/LegacyCommunityHealthServic/onlinedonation.html …
Look at ur reptshon
How much did YOU give?  Your oh so valuable tweet?
Houston's LGBT Center, Montrose Center, provides community support services. Donations here:
God bless you Mr. Pence thank you for the support.
Check this - and trump says he doesn't know Sater. That's a tell
Here's my issue. In an Emergency, time matters. We shouldn't have to scramble volunteers, food shelter, etc - there should be plans in place
Well why aren't u in charge

EarlyHippie that means u r & old hag now I hope they take every dime they have
Stupid Trump, threatening to gut agencies like FEMA:
Oh go away phony Christian like you care when u want to cut aca social security and Medicare and school lunches
Useless even if US have the best 911hotline/rescue/1st aid land apparatus in Texas storm if don't have a fleet of 911 jet skis response team
You don't know squat about Texas.
Do you have any sense of what is going on go get under ur bed
Perhaps you could encourage your clueless boss to maybe show some compassion and help in the effort instead of the constant brag-tweets.
Perhaps you can get off your backside and go help in South Texas instead of obstructing. Too much to ask?
Those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones. Are you in Texas helping right now? I don't think so, sit down!
I've been taking care of the elderly for over 6 years and I volunteer at an animal shelter. I do what I can to help this fucked up world. U?
I don't respond to foul language. I BLOCK it!
All volunteers needed, as country's leadership continues to fire those competent and are now left with numbnuts who go camping when needed.
Nah. I'll pass. Texas voted against funds for Superstorm Sandy, so I'm doing the goose/gander analogy here.
Vp Pence you and @realDonaldTrump have a job to do sort this, ignore these jibes and just get job done. Remember their candidate kinda lost.
Troll go go
Troll troll alert

I support volunteering and donating, but maybe the need for these things is an indication the president shouldn't be cutting the budget?
Thank you, Mr Vice-President, for this helpful message #Harvey
God Bless you Vice President Pence! May the Lord Jesus bless your soul for all of eternity! Praying for all Texans affected by the storms!
Boom   #penceknew https://t.co/xdbpuYSwKD?ssr=true
Okay I will this is so sad God shall keep his hands around and I will be sending something
Perhaps, @realDonaldTrump shouldn't have proposed a cut of FEMA and National Flood Insurance.....
And perhaps you an many others on the far right should realize that Climate change is a real thing.  It's not just a hoax.
Perhaps perhaps perhaps you are the crazy left, this is not climate change, it is life in this world you have no answers
Perhaps nitwits and idiots shouldn't be allowing to drive the Science Bus.

Your budget proposes cuts to FEMA, you've revoked Obama era flood protections and have a president who thinks climate change is a hoax.
And I guess humans are to blame for global warming.
And I guess humans are also to blame for global warming on other planets??

I hope to do a voluntary work and I hope you have an invitation to join friends










