support public schools not school vouchers!
parent, educator, Bell County resident and registered voter...no to Betsy DeVos.
We need to INVEST in our public schools instead of funding for profit schools that farm our kids in for $$.  Your greed shines
How about U ensure ALL TX children receive a great education? Schools are falling apart in Houston ISD,beautiful in Spring ISD
Except for disabled children. Then it's no choice.
vote no to #devos
No to DeVos #NotoDeVos
A Strong Texas requires fully funded Public Schools!
clearly doesnt care or perhaps read his constituents tweets. Take it to the ballot box! #vote2018 #texased1st #noDevos
And this from a GOP STATE CONVENTION DELEGATE. Look me up. 
Then come talk to me about education in Texas. Thx.
If charter schools get public money, shouldn't they be accountable to the public?
School choice funnels taxpayer money to corrupt administrators who do not educate kids.  Go public!
You aren't representing your constituency. We will prove it. Texans who do not support DeVos click here: https://goo.gl/l5R50G 
I see that spreading lies is high on your agenda today. Just say what you really want, to privatize education  for profit
. @JohnCornyn I know Charter Schools are ruining Texas Education, NO TAX DOLLARS TO FOR PROFIT SCHOOLS! URw/ Russia?
Separate but Equal is a LIE. Cornyn's obviously pandering to rich  campaign contributors.
 I guess affordable health care doesn't matter... & vouchers reduce $$ into public schools...
not with Devos but guess you will stand with Trump and not the Teachers Union or NEA ect. $$ paid for job not qualifications
listen to your constituents here. Vouchers are a horrible idea.
Please do not affirm deVros's appointment. She is not a friend to public schools and is woefully unqualified. #notdeVros
Don't forget the rally opposing Betsy Devos and #SchoolChoice today just a few blocks away from the capital. #MidtermElections 
This Texan is NOT "celebrating" school choice when it means neglected Public Schools
also major concerns with separation of church and state
4.
And the A-F report card was rammed thru JUST in time for this session. Schools graded on STAAR!!! AND attendance.
Nobody puts taxpayer dollars in the pockets of their cronies like the @GOP !! #Graft
The GOP isn't the only one to blame. The Rep. Vs Dem. Argument is what created this mess.
that makes no sense
makes perfect sense. Use the facade of the two party system to divide the ppl and let them argue.
Blaming the GOP or the Dem. Party is really a waste of time. They're both the problem
Dem leadership is not pushing school Pirateering! Republican voters don't want to pay more taxes for Cronies.
Pirateering? That's a new one. Regardless of what you think. Education shouldn't be the Govt job.
yeah what guys like Sandusky do in their schools should be kept private! You too?
How would you know.  You guys don't even believe in Science.
Only, IF the parents care and can have access to better schools. For those that do not have support, we need to offer the best
Do not support #SchoolChoice. Leads to segregation, lack of oversight for public funds, disproportionate harm to low-income Ss
5 Why should a school be graded on attendance? Ss get sick, funerals, sports injuries, dentist visits etc. Deceptive to the core
3
That leaves charter schools w/ NO parental control. NO local control. NO elected school board. Only corporate CEO's.
2
Private schools will not want state/federal $$ then forced to abide by ridiculous standardized tests our kids are subjected to
1

I'm a 3rd grade teacher in rural East Texas. I wish you would come talk to me about education in Texas. Someone needs to. Thx
John, John, John. Oh my.
NO TO DEVOS!!
I am educ. in Title I public school. Public ed can work if you invest in good teachers and staff. NO TO SCHOOL CHOICE!
thru daily along with your true disdain for average Americans. 18yrs in the Senate is enough. We will get you out in 2020.
And money to private academies instead of public schools.  Nice deal if u own a private academy.
Education helps people jump economic boundaries. This does the opposite.
It sure helps the upper middle class @JohnCornyn, but it is horrible for the rest of Texas's children. Be a senator for the whole state.
If any avg American performed as she did at hearing, we'd still be job searching. Party line allegiance harms ALL children.
betsy Devos is the worst thing for kids. As a Texas resident you should vote against her.
TX ranks 43/50 for school funding. TX Republicans are to blame. You can't ride in on vouchers claiming to save what you broke.
BS. Our public schools need to be properly funded. Instead, you starve them while paying Pearson $90 mill for a faulty test.
If a charter or private school can exclude a child, the school has the "choice", not the parent.
Please VOTE NO on @BetsyDeVos as she is totally unqualified and will ruin education for our children.
You're a smart guy. You get that it guts public education. We have a responsibility to our communities to do better.
take the long view--Can you cite an example of where gutting public education has met success?
@GregAbbott_TX 
If parents make good decisions,&parents elected sheriff in Travis, why can't sheriff make good, local decisions?
From curriculum director @ private school: we don't want the problem kids from public schools.
Will they be held to the same mandates and regulations of public schools? No? Apples/oranges.
I'm your constituent and a parent of 2. Choice sounds great, but it's going to cost more out of pocket for less public good
instead working on "picking a better school" why not work to make schools better?
Use my tax money to make public schools better. I disagree with publicly funded school choice!
free-market reforms offer naive approach to a complex problem, premised on the idea that ideology is more important than outcome
Thank you @JohnCornyn for caring about the children. Public schools are out of control. We need other options for education now.
Taxpayer money should not go to fund religious schools. Separation of church and state is in our constitution. #SchoolChoice
.@johncornyn You're cool w/ taxpayer funded madrassas or Scientology schools? What if anti-US curriculum? Where is accountability? #txlege
Texans disagree. U would know this if u actually listened to ur constituents.
School funding @ 2010 rate. You can't see the problem?
agree should be parents choice but taxpayer money should never be used. Accountability is key.
I do not support  Trump,  he has no mandate,  he's a criminal  and should be impeached.
Senator Cornyn, This mentality only ensures the benefit of some, not all. Why don't we empower everyone by investing in our public schools?
No to #DeVos
school choice is not best decision 4 majority of Texans! Will lead 2 segregated schools again! @TXSenHispanics @mySA #txlege
look forward to all the madrasas coming up in Texas! Thanks for betraying Texas again and again and again and...
make public schools better instead of focusing on school choice
for those who can afford it, another block for less fortunate.
YOU CANNOT BE SERIOUS?! #StandAgainstBetsy
Yes, under the leadership of an open-minded, authority on education as Sec. Education.  Vote NO to DeVos. #ResistTrump
people already have the freedom to choose what school to put their children in. If hey can't afford a private school, too bad.
You don't care about education quit pretending.  You just want to prevent working families from actually being educated.
That would mean parents sending their kids to school outside of Texas.
Empowering parents to make informed decisions is our responsibility. Making it for them will only give us obedient workers.
I think many are missing the point of #schoolchoice 
The public education system is THE failure.
disagree. Choice is a simplistic solution to a complex problem. Focus on fixing public schools, not destroying them
yes. Let's take more money out of an already struggling education system that is failing out children. What a brilliant idea.
Then why does Texas keep cutting the education budget?  Seems that should be a priority before unproven #SchoolChoice?
The @gop elected defund Public Education!!! Once Privatized Budget will grow faster than Domestic Spying Industry
Friends teaching @ charter make less $, have 0 retirement. They don't trust charter w/ own children, put them in public instead
A bad choice also sets their children back potentially years. It's such a risky option
Can you please point out which schools teach about a dinosaur-riding Jesus? Need to know which ones to avoid...
