And 75% want an impartial investigation of Trump/Russia connection. So????
Senator - we all know the election is over. We're waiting for the governing to start.
OH MY GOD! Are you kidding with this! Do your job and stop with this crap! Science is real John, worry about that like the rest of us.
Did you read the actual Wapo article? It said this and that is common, no one wants to say I'm still with the losing candidate. This is dumb
She still got almost 3 million more votes than he did.  We are the only "advanced" nation where one can win more votes and lose election.
What's the margin of error?
Release trumps taxes
The paragon of unbiased journalism, the Examiner. And here you are again, telling us not to pay attention to the man behind the curtain...
You know it's been #100DaysOfShame when you expect nothing less from @JohnCornyn

The republicans would have us believe MSM is biased and not credible. Yet they know we need media. They want one w/bias toward them
People Want & Deserve Justice.Hillary’s Crime Sheet: Five Reasons Hillary Clinton Should be in Prison https://shar.es/1FqE6u  via @grtvnews
so .... trump won the electoral college   lets get on with governing!  why are you spending Time talking about this
does he pay you extra to talk dirty to him like this?
He's crap. You need to be investigating him. Russia, emoluments, nepotism, trusts that aren't really trusts. You have a law degree. Use it.
Meaningless deflection has become a #GOP staple.
Sen. Burr lied about being capable of executing a bipartisan investigation. He should not only recuse himself, but also resign in shame. https://twitter.com/Isikoff/status/856495690809311232 …
This article is pointless, and misleading. You posting it might be considered gas-lighting.
You know the washington examiner is fake news, right?
You should be ashamed of yourself Cronyn, supporting a Russian mobster, liar & coup d'état over your country. You no longer work for America
I think you will do better if you stay off the cheerleading train. Article says only 38% think he's honest and trustworthy.
Sir, please focus. We need an independent investigation into ties to Russia. Do your job.
Quit performing fellatio on @realDonaldTrump and do your job representing Texans, btw your colleague @SenSanders would've beaten Trump
Doubt he gets the popular vote though. Haha, it's funny bc a majority of voters didn't want him in office but we have a broken system haha
Congratulations. Trump is No. 1 in voting and conning.
Who cares. It's over. Why in the world still compare? Insecure much? Ridiculous post. #DoYourJob #TrumpRussiaCollusion #goodbye
What is wrong with you? The election is over! We have multiple crisis situations that threaten our country and planet. Enough self obsession
Cornyn and dcexaminer "still" can't count and miss the headline.  She won in Nov.  46 beat 43.
nervous John ? 2018-2020 y'all are outand some of you in jail
This is no longer about Hillary!  It is about YOU & ur Republican colleagues doing what is right and ethical for all the people of the US.
Really?!?!?!  Do you keep lying to yourself to convince yourself?  Trump-Russia needs to be investigated.
Please focus on the things that matter, such as the cost and federal overreach of "the wall".
#YOURLASTTERM
Oh my, we will be reliving this election for a long time, won't we
Plenty of Texans are pissed off, Senator. Enjoy what time you have left in office.
#TurnTexasBlue
#VoteOutCornyn
#NoGerrymandering
#RESIST
In a pig's eye! Stop reading the Washington Examiner.
Yo, imma let you finish, but you really should hold a #texastownhall  #represent #doyourjob #resist
Why is the @GOP still so focused on this?  Is it to build a defense for being complicit in #Trumprussia ??
Why are you going back to the election It is over he is being judged by what he has accomplished which is why approval rating is the worst!
DJT won by slave era devise (EC) that's out lived its usefulness. Present admin proves wisdom of EC abolition. Ur tweet is irrelevant.
Stop Senator. What are you trying to prove?  You were elected to make a difference. Please do that.
@JohnCornyn Really?  This is what you spend your time on?  #sad #notmysenator #shewonthepopularvote
Umm...ok.... what's your point?  Go back to work.
well Hillary isn't running so I'm not sure why that would matter at all
OMG shut up already. You and 45 are likely the only people who care. The rest of us have moved on to bigger issues. Join us.
what do you mean "still"? Trump lost popular vote. Also don't you have better things to do than relitigate an election you won?
Yes let's talk about Trump's Glory Days when he won the election........ forever
@JohnCornyn Have you seen your job description ? Go do that instead of tweeting useless stuff. #2018 #2020.
"On November 8th, Americans will be voting for this 100-day plan..." -Donald Trump

“Next week doesn’t matter,” - GUESS WHO?
#flipfloppres
Does this poll account for the "Russia" factor? Probably not...because you guys still have done your job for America & figured that out yet
Your POTUS is 100 days into his presidency still insecure about Hillary. Sad!
Again @JohnCornyn did you actually read the article? I did. #2020
HRC won majority vote.
Election over.
Full stop.
Why are we talking about this...Trump Russia independent investigate
Hello!  3-5% margin of error and sample size of just over 1,000.
yes, this is what your constituents care about. #doyourjob
Hmmm...who is President?
I thought you guys didn't trust polls. Oh, and this tweet is so 2016....
The election is over, John. However, the FBI investigation into #TrumpRussia is in full swing. When's your next Sen. Intel. hearing on it?
Do your job. Instead of continuing decisiveness, represent us all.
What is your point?
"Still"? He *lost* the popular vote to her in the actual election. Looks like you're as truth-challenged as the unAmerican Prez you support
Electoral College failed by allowing "foreign powers to gain improper ascendant in our councils.", Federalist 68. 2016 election illegitimate
She isn't running in 2018 ACA and changes will be running . We shall see.
What does this matter?Why are we still talking about this? Nothing to be gained. Do your job and enact legislation for your constituents.
Election is over. What have you done to make life better for your constituents?
:  seriously:  WE NEED AN INDEPENDENT INVESTIGATION. TO DETERMINE POSSIBLE COLLUSION.  Enough with Clinton.
:  Sir:  the election is over. Now: town halls, investigating Russian influence, and working for better future.
C'mon Senator... seriously?
.@JohnCornyn ignores Trump is an unmitigated disaster regardless of HRC
Holy crap!  Can you please stop whining about the election?!  Move on John.  Maybe start looking at the want ads for jobs.
Misrepresent much? No change in Trump 43%. Clinton down 6% of those who voted for her. Guarantee millions who didn't vote will now vote HRC
Get over it!! Why do you republican'ts have to dwell on the past! Your constituents want to meet with you in he present! #stophiding
Probably time to move past the election. Can you please oppose this border wall? There are other ways to secure the border. Fight for us.
Cornyn is worthless to texas.
He's President,  so why does it still matter? @JohnCornyn
Y is the W.PostWritingGarbage.TheyHaveBetterThings to report like what2do in a nuclearAttackWhenA guy in charge loses a strategic battleship
Seriously, John. Do your job. Come to Austin to meet your constituents.
Hah, they hide it by putting it in the article! How dare they!
Thank you for reminding me that you still support 45s treason and corruption. #2018 #TurnTexasBlue
Really? This is how you consume your time? GOP complicit with Russia, can't wait to vote against you.
#electionsover
And your point is?  People just haven't caught on yet to their own stupidity. #puppet  #complicit #corrupt
The election is over. Texans just want you to do your job. Stop representing Trump... you work for us.
The "Examiner"?! Why don't you just quote the National Enquirer?!
And your point is what exactly?  Other, than looking backwards and deflecting, this means nothing. Get off your ass and do your job.
For that reason I almost always scan to the bottom paragraph.
They didn't hide it. My prof in college 40 yrs ago said the best information is almost always in the last paragraph. Sry no 1 told U.
And this matters because...
You Bet, and "Also unchanged: His base still likes him." We want to stop having our tax $$ support Non US Citizens.
I read the article too. It also states only 38% think he is honest and trustworthy. Linking yourself to a liar is not a good look.
Question for you senator: How long will GOP ignore election meddling #TrumpRussia collusion?
SHE IS NOT RUNNING, MR CORNYN.
She received 3M more votes than he did, and that was before he started messing w/health care, paying for wall. Also #TrumpRussia.
Who cares?
This shows cognitive dissonance, not who's a "winner." #SoCalledPOTUS is an imbecile with the worst approval ratings ever
You are an embarrassment to TX please go away!
Election proved polling is worthless. Uses polling to make Trump look good.
Dude, we get it. We're stuck w/the gropey circus peanut. Get busy doing actual work instead of tweeting.
Oh, but @JohnCornyn is imitating his hero.
Wouldn't your time be better spent working for Texas? Never mind. I just remembered you had 2 wks off and met with??
So even you just can't get over the election.  Time to get some work done. Move on. Look to future. Work for USA.
Worst two candidates in modern history and you're proud of the 2nd worse?
We defer to your expertise on hiding, John.  Well done.
It isn't relevant, and doesn't change the fact that @realDonaldTrump is an objectively awful president.
Wow senator, you are out of touch. History will catch up to you if you don't back up your purported patriotism with action soon
Your point? Do your job.
How you compare Hilary Clinton? She was never President! Why don't you compare Trump to Bernie Sanders? or Ted Cruz? Sorry this pure garbage
Keep carrying that water John
Oh for pity's sake can we stop re-hashing the election and deal with the CURRENT administration's corruption & bad ideas?
Who cares? Stop being so blindly partisan.
She still won the popular vote.....let it go jesus
You’re PROUD of the fact that he’s leading someone who has not campaigned in 3 months by 3 points?
No, it mentions it in the article. You've got to read it past the first 3 paragraphs.
Lies, damned lies, and statistics. Nothing to see here.
Clinton isn't in gvnmt, none of them! Time to govern! Oh wait, what's that I hear? Another brought to you by the GOP government shutdown!
When are republicans going to take responsibility for their actions rather than deflecting anytime an issue is brought up? #shame
Meanwhile another poll showed people view United Airlines more favorably than Trump. Do your job and stop apologizing for Trump's failures
I see you like your partisan news sources. Maybe try Rachel Maddow's show now and then to add balance?
you guys are still obsessed with HRC. When will you realize she isn't in office?
Anything to deflect.
I thought polls weren't accurate? If previous polls predicted a HRC win, but she lost why would a new poll that shows Trump wins be accurate
John you're turning into @realDonaldTrump. Not a compliment. In fact ,it is embarrassing. What happen to your oath to us?
Is she still running? Why does "Clinton would be worse" matter anymore? A: It doesn't.
As president you'd think his numbers would be higher, poor performance=low score @indivisibletxjc @DFWIndivisible
the whole damn world is laughing at this tweet Cornyn - your eyes are still shut I guess.
Stop. Worrying. About. Hillary. Good Lord, you people can't function without blaming her or Obama for something, can you?
Trump did not beat Clinton in the popular vote. Move on he is pres, never going to rationalize the popular vote or crowd size.
Another nonsensical tweet from #complicit Cornyn. You're becoming Huckabee. It's disgusting.
This is the most irrelevant comment you have ever made.
And that's saying a lot because you say them on a regular basis.
So, are we going to have a budget in a week? Or will we have a government shutdown which you will attempt to avoid blame for?
Oh John, you keep trying to defend the indefensible. So tiresome. Could you go do your job now?
He always will
What is the point of this tweet?
Boom. Get it together TX Democrats and REAL conservatives and vote these a-holes out. cc: @BetoORourke @SenTedCruz
You keep supporting this asshat, when many Rep leaning papers didn't endorse him. The Examiner isn't the least bit credible. You look a fool
Election over John. Do your job.
The election is over. Stop trying to point to an illegitimate "victory" and try working for country over party, Feckless John.
Feckless, indeed.
Thanks @JohnCornyn, I didn't realize Hillary was still running for president.
Ditto with McCain and Romney. Washington Examiner loves to make things sound like a conspiracy ("hiding" on the second to laugh paragraph).
Why are you lying? It was in the same article that talked about all the different ways #trump hole is the worst president in history!
John! Answer me! Why are you lying? Is this just another page from the #trump PlayBook? What an irresponsible #Republican thing to do!
Maybe you're angling to be Pence's VP?
Yeah, the defeated candidate gets no love. Not sure why that matters. John Kerry probably didn't get high marks after he lost, either.
Gerrymandering, comey, Russia still exists. Unresolved.
And voter suppression. That's a favorite in Texas.
Your consistent defense of Trump is not a good look. It's too late for you to reconsider. Enjoy the coming months.
The election is over. Stop comparing him to someone who isn't even in office and do your job: passing laws and checking the Executive Branch
This poll doesn't "hide" anything. You're trying to deflect. It's pathetic.
Congress exists to prevent the President from being too powerful. All you do is tell us why we should love all things Trump.
You seem to be VERY confused about your role right now. You're a Senator first and Republican second. Stop treating it the other way around
I thought the election was over?
