We will be watching you today sir. We will note if you put party over your constituents. We see you. We remember. We vote. #Resist

When one lacks the intellect for debate pictures must suffice.  Embarrassing
Yeah? Maybe you should soak up some a that there integrity instead of pompously lecturing the rest of us.
HAHAHA!!!! How do you believe that?
@jeffsessions has lied 3 times under oath. Are you going to stand up for America or continue to dismiss his lies today
Which may have something to do with how many bad laws the GOP passes it intervenes on.
Yeah. National Review isn't slanted at all. I'm so embarrassed to be a Texan sometimes. People do matrer.
Integrity? I'm not seeing any from you at the Sessions hearing.
Shameful brown nosing.
That's pretty rich, coming from you.
Leave Our ACA Healthcare Alone!!!!
Republican the Putin Party # American Traitors#Russia over America#fake Americans#2018#2020
A sign of integrity would be allowing the public to see the healthcare bill before you vote on it. #CornynTheCoward #CanCornyn20
A Christian should have integrity.
INDEPENDENT minded Texans? Bwaaaaaaaaahaha!!!! Then why all the kowtowing to 45? Especially at the expense of YOUR constituents. Integrity?
Cornyn is not part of the State Supreme Court anymore. What are his comments regarding Sessions?
Too bad you can't do that too. Secret health care bill? Votes against net neutrality? Constant tweeting re HRC emails, FFS? #2020iscoming
Heard there are about 400 landowner lawsuits over boarder wall. How many of those folk you think are republicans? Hmmmm
Hey @JohnCornyn !

Why isn't your office answering calls and your voice mail is full? Too many AHCA protest calls?
Coward!!

#TheResistance
Absolute truth.  You can use the resist bot to fax him.  #Resist
hopefully our senators have integrity & fortitude to protect us from bad healthcare plan @SenTedCruz @indivisibletxjc @indtx36
Not if Republican#the American sell outs to Russia
You're a good judge of integrity now?
I ain't buyin' it myself.
All judges are from post Richards. Remember, the pendulum never stops moving. However far to the right you push, it will swing that far left
Now if the GOP could only do the same.
What is this? why are you bashing a fellow state? because youre afraid of growing support for the left? do you hate America?
All Republicans, vote for business interests in every instance-what's that have to do with integrity?
Senator Cornyn, plz support freedom of the press!  Why is there a proposal to limit the press and cameras in the hallways by the Senate?
John Cronyn#Russia Puppet#Putin stooge#fake America#America sell to Russia#2018#2020#traitors kicked to the curb#
Russian Puppet how much Russia money in your bank account#republicans judgement day#Exodus 32 sinner#god hater#golden Trump calf
John Cronyn another Russian Money taker traitor to America#FBI Dir did not leak classified info#American are not dumb like you#fake rep
#Resist Thank you for bringing this article to my attention. I am studying it.
Too bad you model something completely contrary. Let's see how far you will go to protect an incompetent & lying Administration
Jealous?
answer your phone
Don't have to worry about any of that integrity rubbing off on you. Ignoring trump collusion, hiding healthcare bill from public ...
CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? SHAME!
Haw, elected judges are the easiest to buy.  They even sell them at Dollar General in Bugtussle.
Why are you hiding the health care bill?  WE the people deserve to know what you are doing and what is in the bill.  Show us!
@JohnCornyn So 1-19-17 CNN live 45 stated he gave U a lot of $ & get to work. Constituents want to know who do you work for? Career over.
If only our elected representatives had some integrity.
Unlike you, who has no integrity.
Keep Texas Red - even though you are purple John

Texas isn't  special. Get off your high-horse and wrangle the inflated egos, and serve all constituents.
But u dont. U support trump. Put country over party. Get his taxes released
Why are you keeping it secret? We're not distracted-Stop sabotaging the ACA & fund CSRs #ShowUsTheBill #SinglePayer
"Will there be a hearing on the health care proposal?" Senator @clairecmc asked today in the Finance Cmte. You should watch: #Trumpcare 
Based on the risk you are allowing our country to be placed in via Trump, the same cannot be said of you. #traitor
Too made our senators can't seem to do the same thing.
Wish our senators and representative would do the same.
As much as you shill for and try to cover up for Trump, you have no business talking about integrity.  Yours has been in short supply.

why are you calling a hlthc bill a baby, and why are you still pushing this hateful crap all because the last one was named for a black man
Seriously, without using the trump playbook of diversion and fake crap, why are you against obamacare besides being racist?
how many healthcare lobbyists were allowed into the meetings but you wouldn't allow women and dems in? Sexist and racist....
CA appoints Ivy League judges & TX has Rick Perry clones. Ha. This is integrity? At least 3 hard right a-holes always on bench?
Unlike you! #RUSSIA #INVESTIGATE #flynn #manafort #page #COVERUP #sad #JOKE #fakecongress #fakesenator. Your still worried about HRC emails
Fiddle while Rome burns, sir.
Too bad the same can't be said for Ted or yourself John.
It is a Republican vehicle that has supported by the gerrymandering of voting districts, how is that for integrity?
Are you saying other courts do not??
Article about  hacking the election. As the #2 ranking Senator & member of the Intelligence Committe,any comments? https://www.bloomberg.com/amp/politics/articles/2017-06-13/russian-breach-of-39-states-threatens-future-u-s-elections …
How many Russians do you know? Just wondering?
Speaking of Justice, is our President going to be held accountable for abiding by our laws by Congress?
It's just a matter of time before this authoritarian congress trickles down and perverts the Texas courts. This is way GOP runs government
Please release the proposed Senate health care bill to your constituents.  Please explain why it is being kept hidden.
Be nice if we could say the same about our senators.
So long as they rule in favor of the wealthiest litigants in TX, then no problem. Right senator?
You're on display today. How badly will you obstruct the investigation? How far will you go to defend Russia and DT? You're embarrassing us.
Russia hacked into 39 states voter rolls but no care about something like that .the 1 precent is waiting on tax cuts
Is that where your integrity is hiding, it's been missing for some time.
Enjoy your dinner with Trump today Make sure you praise him
Speaking on the topic of integrity, this is for you!
1/ Fire Mueller. Do it. Fire Mueller.

Do it, because it's time for the final divorce between the clickservatives and any pretense they....
As do many other state supreme courts.
The words Cornyn, Texas, & integrity in the same sentence? Beep. Does not compute.
Too bad the same cannot be said of our State Senators
Sure, nothing political about that bathroom bill! /s
hahahahahaha.....Texas can do better than Cornyn and Cruz
https://www.gofundme.com/spinesforthespineless … Help Cornyn get a spine and support Ted Cruz's replacement in 2018!
LEAVE OUR FINANCIAL SYSTEM ALONE!!!
only a republican would think this about an overwhelmingly republican supreme court
I wish you maintained your integrity.
