Make it go away please. No Government Healthcare. Healthcare is not a "right". Have States do their own healthcare. #FullRepeal! #NoReplace!
Hows healthcare not a right? No1 chooses to be born. No1 chooses to be born with chronic conditions. No1 chooses to be assaulted or injured.
It's not the responsibility of the Federal Government to take care of people. Read the Preamble to the Constitution.
So that stuff about "ensuring Domestic Tranquility and promoting General Welfare" in the Preamble doesn't mean taking care of people? Sure.
No!!! Please read history. Start at the beginning of the 1700s. Don't you know who our Founders were addressing???
Yea. The educated, white, male property-owning elite who were eligible to vote under the original Const? They'd want us to have healthcare.
Men of the Enlightenment would see the reason and common sense of creating access to unfettered, affordable, quality healthcare.
So who pays for it then?

Give me a break. I've seen how things work firsthand in the UK for friends w/cancer, rare diseases, and joint replacements. It's amazing.
If you say so.  I have UK friends who would disagree.
If they had to navigate the healthcare system in the US for 1 day, they'd never complain again.
Btw, you CAN get private insurance in the UK... and yet few people do. Maybe it's because they, you know, LIKE the NHS.

We need REPEAL Get Govt fingers OUT of my Doctor's Visit. Old enough to remember when Dr rates were affordable, Govt\Ins weren't involved.
Another bot, but government has been involved in healthcare forever. Employers provide health insurance because they get tax credits.
The ACA finally gave people the same chance to buy subsidized insurance on the private market.
Uncoupling employers and health insurance allows people freedom to start businesses and reduces job lock.
If ObamaCare was so great, why is it broken and bankrupt?
Insurers are pulling out of exchanges because the GOP Congress renegged on the ACA agreement to reimburse insurers for early losses.
Trumpcare bill is deathcare and wealthcare... not going to help the average American.
There's a reason Americans flock down to Mex, go to Dr just across Border at own risk. FREE ENTERPRISE works.
name one country where free market for healthcare works!
Formerly known as USA...Wealthy from other Countries would flock here for care. Then Socialists got talons into it. Using other peeps $$.
you did not answer the question. USA was never ok unless rich or had golden corporate plan.
Naw...it's a matter of priorities.
Do you really mean what you are saying? Or you just spouting the party line. I'm watching you. Action means a lot more!!!!
All Govt workers should have SAME Health Care the Serfs get...write that into ANYTHING DC comes up with. Then give U.S. what YOU have.
Repeal repeal repeal !!!!!
Hope to see you Term Limited Corny, you vote with Dems way too often. Lobby trough too hard to resist?
#FULLREPEALNOREPLACE. # STAYOUTOFMYLIFE!

we always find money 4 wars & military, but not 4 social safety net. Change priorities & work 2 lower prices! Fix it!
Why is congress exempted?
Because "Do as they say, not as they do" that's why.
#SinglePayer #charliegard #freemarketsolutions #fullrepeal #noreplacement #unitedforfreedom
#REPEALOBAMACARE completely as PROMISED! NO trumpcare or other socialized medicine! #UnitedforFreedom!
#FreeMarketSolutions will come if you get the hell out of the way!  #FullRepealNow  Get Government OUT OF IT!  #UnitedForFreedom
Understand #ACA allows hospitals to rake in revenue & decimate charity care. End subsidies & corruption! #FullRepeal
Bring back the tea party rallies let O'care implode every root & branch!
The more you say it doesn't make it true
But this new bill will also bankrupt us!
so why is it that the Repubs have exempted federal legislators & their families from this wonderful new HC bill?
Read this?  Your bill will kill rural medicine. How much of Texas is rural?   http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/gop-bill-jeopardize-existence-rural-hospitals-nursing-homes/story?id=48656587&cid=social_fb_abcnp …
Yes, not rearranging the deck chairs.
Uh, no, not having health care is what bankrupts the middle class!

Yes and regulations that bring costs of services and drugs down.
How about that 1.8 billion payout to Alaska to buy a vote for your Death Bill. TELL THE TRUTH CORNyn
Please @JohnCornyn tell me one way that the #BCRA will help me as a cancer patient. Just one.
Single payer, Medicare for all!  Cut your insurance company and Big Pharma pals out of the pie!
if this is true why are supporting a bill that only exacerbates the situation? why are you not working w/Dems for a solution?
Disinformation?
Fearmonger
GOP tax cuts 4 wealthy will bankrupt America. Repair ACA or wait until 2018 and the Dems will fix it. A little tweaking will make better.
So will giving a billion dollar bailout to the 40 wealthiest families in America.
Perhaps we should come up with a plan that actually does something to control costs and improve coverage
rather than figure out how to stop the scum bags like #Shkreli from jacking up costs? Or overcharge for CT and MRI scans? (2/2)
Holy moly. So health care will bankrupt the US b/c the US spends money on expensive care & so we should stop paying for it? (1/2
The GOP proposal isn't reform.  It's a tax cut and program cut that makes Healthcare fiscal issues even worse. #MedicareForAll
Oh - and its the tax cuts to the top 2% bankrupting the nation, Trickle Down theory huge failure.
But you're not reforming it, you're destroying it. Reform/Repair is what needs to happen. Stop lying about that.
YOUR GOP bill will kill WtP! GOP cannot see past their party-win noses to fact that WtP want healthcare for all, not tax cuts for top 10%.
Fix the ACA!
Do you know the cost of millions of uninsured Americans? #HealthcareBill
Republicans giving tax breaks to Richie rich is what will bankrupt us...
This OPINION is bad
You know, you can always get some tax money from the richies... oh, but...what money would they then use to buy you guys off???
Who is this US News??? Probably shouldn't cite unreliable info...what, with republicans and their fight against "fake media" and what not...

And @johncronyn will take health care away from millions.  Not the way to solve problems.
GOP sabotaged ACA, it needed to be repaired not ended. TrumpCare will kill people.  ALSO you kept Democrats OUT of the process - stop lying.

.@JohnCornyn truth republicans will create the same type of disaster as dems. Until a plan is put forth that is bipartisan it will fail.
Trump and his family will bankrupt the nation.
Senator, I urge u to sit down with Democrats & propose a better healthcare plan. Medicaid cuts hurt children/special ed. 24m losing coverage
Only if it's free market and protects citizens not Insurance welfare.
Single payer.
YOUR version of "healthcare" is more of a death sentence for the poor and elderly than anything else. How can you be so damn bigoted!
If #Trumpcare is such a necessary and wonderful fix for healthcare....why is #CongressExemptibgThemselves? 

How about #ExemptAmerica too??
Let's start with taking away #CongressHealthcare. The one being used by #McCain that's delaying the vote.
BREAKING: McConnell defers consideration of Senate health care bill in wake of McCain absence due to surgery.

The @SenateGOP #BCRA bill exempts @JohnCornyn and puts a $6,000 deductible on a person making $12,000
Try honesty for a change John.   Might surprise you how much easier it is to accomplish things.
#LastTermCornyn
Your plan will bankrupt millions of American citizens
