you know the people will not allow #Trump to stay in office for 4 years! Get him out or we vote you out!
WE ARE WATCHING YOU, DO THE RIGHT THING
I am your constituent and I oppose this bill!   I am asking you to reconsider your support and vote no!
: TRUMP CARE a tax on Seniors.
Those of us who value the lives of all people will take note and spread the word. #2020
Bullying and coercing elected officials to reject decency.
I'm surprised U are tweeting about this instead of the POTUS being investigated for collusion with Russia. Not a partisan issue.
While he's there, measure him for tiny handcuffs.
#FullRepeal
Trump is a traitorous, lying sexist sack of flaming bag of dog poo.
It's been nice knowing you, can't wait to vote you out
I'm your constituent.  If support that bill you will be fired come election time.
when will you represent your constituents?  GOP health care bill hurts seniors, hurts poor. Hold a TH and hear us!
stand up for your constituents.  Stop trumpcare before it starts
what a disaster
anything else happening today worth noting? Or are you still pretending? #EmperorWearsNoClothes Show TX u r more than a sheep.
you continue to ignore constituents. Thousands of Texans will lose care but I guess you don't care.
He doesn't
fix don't repeal!  I vote in TX
Senator, I used to have some respect for you. No longer true. Why are you afraid to call Trump what he is? A LIAR?
Wow, you are really FAKE NEWS!
 
AHCA will be disastrous for our country. Millions, mostly seniors, will lose coverage. The only ones who benefit are the wealthy
What is it with Trump needing rallies so badly?
If only 37% of America approved of him why should our elected officials? Hold him accountable for his behavior and conflicts.
Do you share his enthusiasm for this?
Is that supposed to help?
That's not a good endorsement. He has zero credibility. I wouldn't be aligning myself with him if I were you.
if you vote to repeal & replace the #ACA with #GOPcare then I promise to #repealandreplace you in 2020. #Trumpcare
Probably should go ahead and tell him you voted for Hillary.
I trust you are working to improve the offering...
Go for it. Please, bury yourself up to your neck in this terrible policy that will mean sick people go w/o care.
Trumpcare needs to go. Advanceable refundable tax credits are a dumb, inefficient way to subsidize premiums. 75238
1,8 million jobs lost with Trump care .No one seems to talk about that .That not important to the GOP
You need to vote against it. I am a constituent of yours. It matters.
If your tweet responses are a clue, we want you to fix the ACA and not push thru TrumpCare. #YouPickedTheWrongHorse
Be sure you suck up to him appropriately. Use your best toady skills.
John Cornyn, you have hitched your wagon & TX to a jackass!  Good luck in #2020!  Unemployment!!!
Impeach him before you do anything else.
He's not the man I would want rallying anything right now. House of traitors, Johnny.
I can't wait until it dies in the Senate.
you better not be behind this health care bill!  I would not want angry, armed Texans after me...
, Senator, you are on the wrong side of history affiliating yourself with this president.  Texans won't forget.
. Cornyn if you vote yes for this healthcare bill and your political career is over !!!!
Your loyalties will be your demise. It's not too late to put country over party. Do the right thing!
clearly your tweet-bot doesn't realize what occurred today with #ComeyHearing.
President under FBI investigation. AHCA will hurt or kill many, just as Russia hopes. Stop this madness.
*House GOP to rally behind healthcare bull
.@JohnCornyn .@dcexaminer Watched the FBI hearings Trump may not last through the year,Flynn is going to make Oliver North look like a saint
Even though it's a terrible plan.   #TownHall  so you know what we want.   #LastTermCornyn  #ListenToConstituants
going to LOVE seeing you fall after supporting this Trumpster fire bill
if you were smart, you would distance yourself from trump. He is a lying liar....
Sign it. When it fails, your name will attached to something your constituents don't want. Great reference in 2020.
At this point, no one cares whether he is going to the hill or scratching his ass.
anyone who supports this #nonhealthcare bill needs to lose his/her seat in Congress. Basic human decency!
Yoo hooo, I think you got yourself super confused, TXn's want to keep ACA!!!!
I'm disappointed that you support this terrible bill, which will hurt Texans, and all for a tax cut for the rich. Shame on you.
#Trumpcare
Trump/Russia and House GOP healthcare bill are huge failures. INDEPENDENT COMMISSION to investigate Trump/Russia
Trumpcare sucks
You so clearly don't care about America or Americans. We won't be coming back for more of your uselessness.
Get your knee pads John!
If you have any common sense you will distance yourself from Trump now and stop being his apologist.
What an enormous joke our govt. under Republicans has become.
Will the public be able to hear his speech? Do Congressmen need convincing to pass the Trumpcare bill?
Hope some in the House GOP will act responsibly & resist POTUS pressure... BTW, is this a POTUS campaign rally?
Trump to rally the GOP to take insurance away from 24-26 million people is what I'm sure you meant to say.
Is he going to threaten to talk mean on twitter about them if they refuse to vote for this horrid bill?
I canNOT imagine the outrage of the GOP if POTUS was a democrat! STAND UP for USA!
Have you heard about Dir Comey's investigation. It's Bigger than Watergate!  That's where your concern should be USA
please stop #ObamacareLite  GOP voters want full repeal of Obamacare not fake repeal
and FYI - Constituents want ObamaCare corrected, TrumpCare is a huge disaster.
John: keep rearranging those deck chairs on the Titanic.
The question is, why would any self-respecting person care what Trump has to say? It answers itself I guess.
and comments about the now investigation against Trump and his Administration?  Or are you signing onto the Russian team?
