Congressional Budget Office projects Medicaid spending to rise from $368 billion in 2016 to $650 billion in 2027 https://www.cbo.gov/sites/default/files/recurringdata/51301-2017-01-medicaid.pdf …
GOP voters expected GOP to repeal Obamacare, NOT tweak & keep it. NO to socialized medicine.Nothing to divide us & fight over if full repeal
And then what would happen to the millions who suddenly lose coverage? Guess that's better than honest debate, huh?
Did you care about the millions who lost coverage when Ocare shoved down throats? Do you care what's happening to millions now with Ocare?
Facts are your friend, Rhonda. Don't fear them.

Yes. This one YouTube video tells you everything you need to know. It's the be-all end-all to the discussion. You got it, Rhonda.
Lest you forget.
All you're doing is betraying that you know how to cherry pick absent of understanding the whole issue. Cool, Rhonda. Cool.
I mean, I'd rather invest in healthcare rather than in being the world's bully. Especially considering current leadership.
Not me
Yeah, we already spend more on our military than any other country by far, and we're responsible for a lot of the world's problems, too.
US intervention has done so much damage already. The answer isn't to disrupt more and bomb more and destabilize more.
How about we take care of our citizens? You know...like essentially every other industrialized country does? Not feed the war machine.
Seems reasonable, given that more Americans die due to poor health than to war.
Um...is this supposed to scandalize us? We SHOULD be spending more money taking care of the poor and sick than we do on bombs and guns.
What?
That's discretionary spending. Cornyn is counting mandatory spending as well, which is most of SS, Medicare, and Medicaid.
We need to raise the amount taxed up from the max of the first $127,000. Also could means test benefits. #weknowhowtofixss
And we spend way to much for health care. Public option- lower cost and better outcomes
And the people didn't use IOU's in budgets for decades as they robbed the ss reserves.
Look at this - we spend more on healthcare than countries with universal healthcare!We have to STOP our insane costs
How much of "defense" was spent on invading and attacking, and how much on actually defending?
saving lives versus killing lives, hmmmm
It's also weird to compare spending on on program a decade from now to spending on another now
It the military budget grows at the same rate (no reason to think it won't, it's the only thing that never gets cut)...
It will exceed $1 trillion in 2027. So what exactly is your point?
Senator, I worry about your leaps in logic. Higher ed should have fixed. How much is military spending expected to increase in same period?
We should be spending as much money on providing healthcare to our citizens as you want to spend to blow the world up.  #MedicareForAll
Is it a bad thing to spend more on health care than war prep? Really?
Yes........
The answer is no, David. And, neither of us are really replaceable either. Thank God there's only one of each of us in this world. :-)
Why defend a country that refuses to care for its most vulnerable?
When @realDonaldTrump is removed from office, we can never forget how long and hard @JohnCornyn fought for his corrupt administration.
So, war is better than providing for the general welfare, Senator?
Who are you at war with, stop wasting money on shitty wars
How much will defense spending be in 2027?  You're comparing apples to oranges.
That's because you're all so incompetent. Get pharma and medical device companies under control and you won't have to spend so much
And ban Big Pharma direct to consumer ads on t.v. The U.S. is only one of two countries that allow it. That'll keep costs down.
I work in this industry. It's corrupt AF. Doctors, hospitals, all skimming funds from the patients and ins. fraud out the ass.
Yes, I'd rather spend $ on healthcare than wars.
And? Are you seriously comparing a person's life and health to a tank or a missile? #gopdoesnotcare
#MakeAmericaLookDumbagain
For Millions, Life Without Medicaid Services Is No Option
healthcare or warfare?  not exactly a great example or comparison there senator.
With no healthcare you'll have fewer people to defend. So cut healthcare now to save on defense in the future.
You have got to learn that people can google now...
US will spend nearly $650 B on defense, in FY18.  By 2027 spending on the Defense will continued to dwarf spending on Medicaid.
a nation that can't provide health care to its citizens isn't worth defending.
They need to cancel medicaid!
Do something YOU and the weak RINO gop establishment helped obama get us here Do Something
Sorry, John, what's your point? That the lives of your citizens (your voters) is less important than $$$ for defense contractors? Really?
US has spent half a trillion on defense per year since Reagan. Utter waste. Healthcare is national security
Instead of this, how about  reducing government spending
And we should spend even less in defense...agreed
And it's projected to be 1.1Trillion or more by 2027. John, just because you cheated many out of money doesn't mean the rest of us do.
Are you trying to imply that defense spending won't increase by 2027? Without a healthy population, you'll have nobody in the military.
Where's the info on the # of for/against calls re bullshit care?
That's because our military budget is to contractors rather than our servicemen and women. Have to do better.
He's gone out of control. Republicans should do something about it. Please in the name of God. We worked hard for this victory
His AIDE can always do the attacking on his behalf using separate twitter account to counter media and war against republicans & conservativ
Countries who use a single payer system don't have this problem.  Cost controls are manageable.
Please help ask Donald Trump to quit tweeting! He can always appoint an 'aide' to tweet governmental programs in a more responsible manner
Our tax dollars not the rich that only pays 1%
So, they have spent their share. DON'T CUT MEDICARE  PLEASE.
Wow, what will defense spending be in 2027? Will it be 20 times more than the rest of the world combined?
Apples to apples, John. What is defense spending going to rise to in 2027?
Senator Useless.
Looks like the ACA would work fine without the GOP trying to kill it.
Map update - As of today, 38 out of 3,143 counties are at risk of having no insurers in the 2018 marketplace http://kaiserf.am/2sq8ho2  
Fact: Consider how much more healthcare would have risen without #ACA.
So? We need more money for the old, poor and sick NOT the military!
Senator, the US and global business cycles you ignore, and scattering all careers to-the-wind, has taken its tool hasn't it? 1% much richer.
Now on defense and more on health care so corporations can make billions in PROFITS!
This speaks to income inequality, globalization, and our failed micro- and macro-economics doesn't it?!!  #FullReliableSustainableEmployment
What's your point?
If only there was a way to check this... oh ya thanks google
Pentagon buries evidence of $125 billion in bureaucratic waste
you really should give up lying Comrade, your cover is blown @txlege @TXDemWomen @TURNTXBLUE2018 @austinstatesman @dallasnews @HoustonChron
So when's your next #townhall?
Don't feed the war machine.Take care of our citizens.

#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #StopTrumpCare #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer

Way too much on defense
And this is a bad thing because why?   Tax the 1% like they should be, and this would be less of a problem.  Oh, wait, you won't DO that.
I wish our defense spending were far less and we spent more on education.
WOW dude, give it up! We already know ur laying crap down!
$584 billion defending ourselves from whom? No one.
http://www.breitbart.com/texas/2017/07/01/illegal-alien-allegedly-tazes-scalds-rapes-mom-front-children/ … meanwhile... John Cornyn's shilling for socialist, government-run health care. Just kill 0-bamacare, John.
What are you trying to prove? That your a party of war mongers?
Exactly. Too much spent on defense. Not enough in fighting poverty.
Excellent, let's continue the trend. We should definitely spend more money on caring for the elderly, the poor, and the disabled, than guns.
We SHOULD be spending more on #healthcareforall.
Yeah, guess what, John? We spend too goddamn much on military. Why is our State Dept gutted? Diplomacy beats force any day.
Something also tells me we could spend our military dollars more wisely. It's a huge socialist program.
You're cutting taxes for your wealthy friends at a time when Medicaid spending is on the rise. That's neither wise nor kind.
Amazing that all of those Socialist countries spend much less on healthcare than us with better outcomes. But your bill doesn't solve that.

Silly Obama wasted time on distractions like Bin Laden or ISIS. So proud our president is willing to fight America's real enemy–Morning Joe.
Interesting point. So you'd agree that we should spend more on the lives of Americans than on defense contracts like the F-35?
And yet we still had RU hack our election and a radio station this week. Sanctions any day now???
I'd hope we would spend more on the health of our citizens than defense. So yay!
You're right, we're squandering way too much money on defense.
By comparison, Obama stripped $800 BILLION from Medicare to fund Medicaid which used to cover 4% & now covers 40% due to INSANE immigration!
Gotta give you points for consistency. Consistency wrong and dishonest, but still...

https://m.facebook.com/story.php?story_fbid=10155296782087293&id=6250307292 …
The faulty logic you used to call Obama a liar is the same faulty logic you're using to claim Medicaid is increasing when it actually isn't
#TrumpRussiaCollusion
USA alone accounts for 1/3 of global defense spending and more then the next 9 countries combined.
#NoCutsToMedicaid #NoAHCA #NoBCRA #SaveOurCare #StopTrumpCare #BCRA #AHCA #MedicareForAll #SinglePayer #Medicaid 
https://twitter.com/johnarnoldfndtn/status/880416978472755201 …

Rising $ for Medicaid should correspond to rising incomes &, consequently, tax intake. These are things that should be fixed, not destroyed.
Why compare Medicaid to Defense? New R-care bill would continue outrageous spending & You voted for? Don't support! FULL REPEAL!
Sounds like a great idea to me. Take a good amount of that "defense" money, and put it to actually help the country instead.
How much do you expect defense to grow? Let's keep the comparison going.
We have the best military but not best health -- fix both!!
what is our estimate military spending in the same time frame?
Quit tweeting and pass healthcare. Do you all accomplish anything?
NEW POLL POST CBO ON REPEAL--

Keep/Fix ACA: 75%
Repeal: 18%

Among Trump Voters
Keep/Fix ACA: 53%
Repeal: 40%
So I'm guessing you have stocks in military suppliers...
what was the profit margin on that? Hmmmm? Feeling the need to straighten that tie?
And you're providing no guidance or recommending best practices to curb cost growth. You're just cutting. A board would fire CEO for that.
False comparison.
How much more than any other country is our defense spending? As I recall, more than the next 6 combined. How much is enough, Senator?
WOW, .@JohnCornyn, so what you're telling us is that #Trumpcare will give a TAX BREAK the size of the DEFENSE BUDGET to the very wealthiest!
Yet we still can't feed everyone that lives in America
.@JohnCornyn, OK, let's talk defense: The #ACA PROTECTS MILLIONS OF VULNERABLE AMERICANS FROM ILLNESS AND DEATH.
You should really do something about the cost of care rather than letting drug companies and hospitals to savage your entitlement programs.
We should spend more on healthcare. U could tell defense contractors we aren't going 2 pay ridiculous prices. I bet they lower their bids.
Then they wouldn't have as much money for their payments 2 u, & ur stock n those companies might not be worth as much, so screw evry1 else.
Do something about it Senator Cornyn. Start voting like a conservative and get govt out of medical care. NOW!
Perhaps it's better to invest in saving lives & making people healthy instead of taking them. #RESIST
How much in tax cuts for those making more than 250k?
You seem to miss the point most of the time. Please try to do better.
You already spend too much on the military learn how to spend all the money your given properly.
if u would do town hall we could discuss.  Sick of your tweets.  You owe us Texans in person meeting!
but we have more $ for more military and going broke taking care of citizens. FIx it instead of gut it. That is why u were sent!
And how much of that went to cyber warfare? And when are those public hearings on the Senate health bill?
You are trying to put lipstick on a pig. No #TRUMPCARE
If you listened to your constituents, you'd find we would like that to go even more to Medicaid & less to defense.
And your point is?? Spend more on war and killing than care for poor, elderly and children?? Not a good analogy.
Senator, what is the projection for defense spending increase over the same period of time?
If you are knowingly using stats out of context to mislead people than you should resign
That big MOAB that you dropped really changed things, no? That was a huge waste of money to satisfy a child's tantrum. Stop it, John. Stop!
And how much will US spend on defense in 2027? How much on handouts to GOP contributors?
Yeah, because we don't need bombs and tanks as badly as we need medical care for people.
Guess who gets a lot of money from Medicaid?

Veterans. Without whom we would not HAVE national defense.
How do we lower healthcare costs and reduce dependence for Medicaid?
When is U.S. projected to go bankrupt? This is so out of control.
Cutting EPA to pollute, water, air, land, allowing more pesticides...what the hell do you think...people are getting f'ing sick.
Areu saying health care should cost less than defense? What's the basis for comparison?

OMG John you are advocating killing millions of people with #deathcare so it doesn't =our defense budget? Repulsive
@JohnCornyn ???????
So what could be more important for our nation's defense and wellbeing than the health of our people?
And is projected to rise to $786 billion by 2027.
Imagine what we could afford if we only spent, say, $200 billion on defense.
I have a question about Vets, if Texas and Abbott So he says cares about them why did he de-fund veterans Court in sanctuary cities?
Hey, Johnny, how's it going for scheduling that townhall meeting in Waco July 5th at 10a.m.? I double-dog dare you to do it. #TrumpcareSucks
What what about you John in private places in private conversations do you feel the same way Trump does about Obama?
So we should continue spending more than on defense than numbers 2-10 combined? I'd rather my money go to Medicaid.
Interesting note: providing for the common welfare is in the Preamble - the mission statement. Waging war is not.
watch Eisenhower;s farewell address
You must work to pass President Trump's promise this year
FYI, economic growth requires a healthy, educated workforce, well built infrastructure, nat resources, & known rules. You're breaking all.
warmonger
Bottom line your boss does not like that healthcare bill now has the name of a black man attached to it. That is 45' s real issue.
We need sensible tax reform. We need single-payer healthcare. Of course, we would pay for that healthcare in our taxes. Everyone would pay
We ought t cut healthcare for anyone that supports the R agenda.  That'd b fair.
Do you even think before you tweet? Following "provide for the common defense" is "promote the general welfare."
And your point is???  Just let the sick and poor die...so you can go to war and kill all the young adults and service men and women, too???
I think it is time to spend a little bit on the people and there health.
Didn't you call CBO fake news? Plus the US  military and defense spends more then the next 7 highest spending countries combined.
So? We should be spending more on people than bombs.
And how much do you project we will spend in 2027?  No point in defending people who die from lack of health care.
Right. We need to cut defense and boost Medicaid spending to stop more folks from dying because of our overpriced healthcare.
#HealthCareForAll Money is fiction made up by cowards and greed. We should be helping people, not shaming them for bosses who don't pay well
You're a sick puppy.
Money well spent

this is a pretty brutal self-own
